tr	NN	Coming from a xenophobic race that possesses the unique ability to pass among other species and chooses not to , the bounty hunter is a walking contradiction .
tr	NNS	Chills ran along her skin just thinking about the terrifying experience .
tr	NNS	Also , there were rarely any witnesses to the actual episode , just events before and after .
tr	NNS	The crows circled above me .
tr	NNS	There are hues of gold and yellow , and of course one bright spot of orange .
tr	NN	A prickle of awareness ran down her spine , and she turned slowly .
tr	NN	Her employer had escaped with his wife for several afternoons this summer .
tr	NNS	Your Mackenzie in-laws have sordid reputations few decent families wish to be connected with .
tr	NNS	" And then one of the creatures came to the door , and asked us through it if we had any curtains .
tr	NNS	Questions crowded Lorraine 's mind , and she asked the most pressing ones first .
tr	NNS	What did your tests show ? "
tr	NNS	Things I caused with a pull of my bowstring .
tr	NNS	These ideas already existed at that time from Hinduism .
tr	NNS	Nearly a dozen molten slugs passed through the alien 's sternum and stomach , as they did on several other Ancient soldiers .
tr	NNS	The marble floors in the foyer felt like ice cubes on the soles of her feet .
tr	NN	The van pulled up to the church and everyone got out .
tr	NNS	Shadowhunters cleave to no single religion , and in turn all religions assist us in our battle .
tr	NNS	Cadmus had killed Ares ' dragon without knowing who it belonged to and it had caused a huge ruckus in Olympus .
tr	NNS	Other gangs soon fell under Chairman Z 's control .
tr	NN	An occasional reward was better than no reward at all .
tr	NNS	The calm tide is black , as is the sky , dotted by the thousands ( millions ? )
tr	NNS	Three letters glowed with a soft phosphorescence against the dark concrete .
tr	NNS	The times could be faked , of course , but ... What if the images were legit ?
tr	NN	If there was ever a time to let loose , this vacation would have to be it .
tr	NNS	The pranks that our young and ambitious like to perform , that we frown upon the most , are the abductions .
tr	NN	On the opposite wall there was a large flat screen TV mounted on the walls .
tr	NNS	Looks like the kitchen light is on . "
tr	NNS	His lumpy mattress left knots in his shoulders , a feeling not uncommon to the nights spent asleep in the barn back home .
tr	NN	The ramp drops with a louder thump as I back step from the chair then follow last into the hot sands I hear .
tr	NN	" I imagine it 's nothing good , but speak , " the colonel said .
tr	NNS	" What are the chances of him going to University after this school of yours ? "
tr	NN	How soon would the vodka wear off ?
tr	NNS	" Two other priorities to be precise , Madam Executive .
tr	NN	The Master wants information , and two of us can get it faster than one . '
tr	NNS	" Well , " Ferguson said , " The legends never really did say .
tr	NNS	Things are going to be noticed .
tr	NN	My uncle 's still a highway patrolman in California .
tr	NNS	Romulus was unreadable as ever .
tr	NNS	Our directions said to veer left after the second Tourist Island .
tr	NN	Not just a hearty chuckle , mind you .
tr	NNS	Her uncle 's captains were nodding firmly , as were many across both tables .
tr	NN	My theory was that I loved her before I even met her .
tr	NNS	Things were about to get difficult .
tr	NNS	The girl 's movements had grown so vigorous there was a distinct possibility of being hit .
tr	NNS	The servants , who did guess , would never dream of telling on the young couple .
tr	NN	The spider rubbed her front legs over her chest as if she were playing the harp .
tr	NN	" Sunday , Kim , " Jared said , cal ing after her .
tr	NNS	Also , there were thousands of people moving back and forth , in the pyramid city , so there would be nothing to follow .
tr	NN	But the electricity is back on .
tr	NNS	There are also posters of student artwork , pictures of animals , self-portraits , scenes of nature and random objects .
tr	NNS	The actions were buttery smooth as he worked them and let them retract into their metal housing .
tr	NN	and finally reached the clearing .
tr	NN	If true , maybe the suspect could have provided information of the three , other missing women .
tr	NNS	The effects of alcohol were wearing off but she did not feel any less emboldened .
tr	NN	Chapter 8 And so Antonia found herself in another strange place and time .
tr	NNS	Hephaestus took a deep breath and quickly scribbled his name .
tr	NN	That doesn ´ t make any sense .
tr	NNS	The EMP grenades are hardened against their own effects , so the others should still work .
tr	NNS	Clara 's tits bounced with the jerk of her h * ps as he plunged deep into her .
tr	NN	My Master had never been kind to me as a boy , and I hadn 't had friends .
tr	NN	The only garbage here is that useless lump of lard . "
tr	NNS	The android nurses ignored Alessia when she came in to see her father .
tr	NN	A fluffy but skinny gray kitten with white paws was circling his feet .
tr	NNS	" But creatures like that never chased me before .
tr	NNS	The wolves circled restlessly , their glowing yellow eyes fixed on the driver 's door .
tr	NNS	The six other board members present were all for firing the woman summarily .
tr	NNS	There were several drips of whatever it was .
tr	NNS	The discs entered and exited them repeatedly until they fell to the ground in flames .
tr	NN	Had Josie still been wearing nothing more than glorified lingerie , the outlook for keeping my hands to myself wasn 't good .
tr	NNS	Dire wolves , perhaps , trapped here for thousands of years by high water in the cave . "
tr	NNS	" Well , when it was first enclosed , there were many exits left .
tr	NNS	Eventually her visits stopped entirely . "
tr	NN	A new determination helped bay their fear as they turned toward the light and pressed on .
tr	NNS	The two suits with radios on the other side of the lounge kept their attention below , talking into their radios .
tr	NN	The receptionist snatched the folder off her bar .
tr	NNS	The colors bombarded my head , and I wailed in agony .
tr	NNS	I put the note on the pillow beside her , then write on the back of my hand no regrets .
tr	NN	Shooting her an angry glance , Link manages to silence the fairy for now .
tr	NNS	Yellow , bell-shaped blooms hang down the stem , overlapping each other .
tr	NN	" The shooter 's close , and I can 't risk him taking a shot at you . "
tr	NNS	Things have been pretty busy . "
tr	NN	The garage itself is extremely tidy , all the tools lined up on a rustic wood table that stretches the length of the room .
tr	NN	The description the owner of the gallery gave of his Richard Wolsey Keen does not fit you .
tr	NNS	There were footsteps , and she drew a smile on her face .
tr	NNS	The warriors painted their faces with four fingers dipped in paint .
tr	NNS	The cameras continued to roll .
tr	NN	Once the connection is made and locked , the boom operator says , " contact " .
tr	NNS	Gliding effortlessly out of the darkened perimeter into the light , three ghostly figures emerged , coasting silently in on skis .
tr	NN	The challenge in his voice startled her .
tr	NNS	Lost Souls are ... well , they 're not the best looking creatures in the world .
tr	NNS	Sadness overwhelmed me , and for a moment all I wanted was to sink into the surrounding mist and disappear .
tr	NN	Maybe the garage could sponsor me . "
tr	NN	Mental migraine aside , the stench of alcohol mixed with human waste was appalling .
tr	NNS	Except this time , the images were not just from his life , but from the lives of countless others .
tr	NNS	Two ages have passed since we dwelled beneath the seas that coated most of our planet .
tr	NN	The strike swelled on my cheek , as if thunder was being crushed by lightning .
tr	NNS	Others shook with fever , their complexions sallow , almost green .
tr	NN	" They have control , " the pilot called back to Winston .
tr	NNS	There are some great bars in Dunedin , if you head down to the Octagon .
tr	NN	Interesting observation , when the man was rather like a dangerous , cornered animal , lethal at any provocation .
tr	NNS	Myles asked the driver .
tr	NNS	The elderly ladies and the cyclist had gone .
tr	NN	In front of them the cameraman said , ' Tell me again who are you incredible guys ? '
tr	NNS	But all these actions he had performed mechanically .
tr	NNS	" Thirty-six cruisers , " said Aileen , " and counting . "
tr	NNS	Folks had whispered about him for most of his life .
tr	NN	Another reference to an 80 's pop ballad .
tr	NNS	She sat hunched forward , her forearms resting on her knees , chewing methodically .
tr	NNS	And your credits make it possible . "
tr	NNS	The spikes attached to the grill of the truck were four feet long and was driven by Shawn .
tr	NNS	But the one that interested Mateo showed not the damage , but the person who had caused it .
tr	NN	" You will have to tell your friend , " he whispered , " our Prince is not as weak as he thought . "
tr	NN	The bulldozer operator , guiding the machine along the side of the farmhouse , had reached the opposite side .
tr	NN	Mel 's amber gaze lifts and meets mine .
tr	NN	The gold coin appeared out of thin air .
tr	NN	His belly suddenly felt cold .
tr	NN	Our accommodation was only a couple of streets away from the main campus , the landscape sloping up toward the University of Edinburgh .
tr	NNS	The mountains were full of stories about buried treasure , lost gold mines , hidden caches that were never reclaimed .
tr	NN	There was determination behind them , he saw , but something else too .
tr	NN	There 's nothing sexier than a good waltz or tango . "
tr	NNS	" Others are coming ? "
tr	NNS	Mistress requests my presence . "
tr	NN	" My little Princess , your song has filled everyone 's hearts with the most wonderful memories . "
tr	NNS	The small burns miraculously stopped stinging under his ministrations .
tr	NN	If that was the case , the dragon would be close , too close for her to escape .
tr	NNS	The hobbits waited patiently .
tr	NNS	All the teachers he knew complained about their pay , and most looked for other ways to augment their income .
tr	NNS	" Witches and shape shifters ?
tr	NNS	And my sources claim that you had a great deal to do with that . "
tr	NNS	The fours are evolving .
tr	NN	" In truth , Mr. Neil , her recovery is very slow .
tr	NNS	There are no demands on my time .
tr	NNS	Rufus warned me that there were a series of house break-ins a couple of towns away .
tr	NNS	Things have changed since then , but he 's obviously still jealous if I spend my time with another man .
tr	NN	An ape like Amy was not a cheap and stupid version of a human worker .
tr	NN	This cart is heavy and cumbersome and leaves me feeling anything but free .
tr	NN	The crash of the colony ship that first reached the Stanza Nine system had been a complete disaster .
tr	NNS	His shouts rang like a shotgun through the narrow halls , echoing off the doors .
tr	NN	" But your passion did blow me away .
tr	NNS	As the gentlemen 's servants collected the burned candles for their masters , His Majesty 's servants replaced them with fresh tapers .
tr	NNS	Animals have no difficulty seeing into the higher realms .
tr	NN	The honesty of that statement , together with the sincerity on his face , touched her deeply .
tr	NN	Ghost hefted him up and pinned him against the wall , his arms stretched behind his back .
tr	NN	In the front yard were paving stones in the shape of ... an alligator .
tr	NNS	41 HE DREAMS ... He 's awake again but groggy and disoriented .
tr	NN	Her aura had subsided , although some of it still flared here and there .
tr	NNS	Colin 's footsteps sounded behind her as he followed her inside .
tr	NNS	Countless millions in art decorated the hallways , galleries , and other exhibit spaces .
tr	NN	The infection would spread , but his blood was strong and he yet had time .
tr	NNS	Occasionally , ventilation registers in the ceiling marked his passage , but aside from that it was just one endless passageway .
tr	NNS	Looks like they found our last guest . "
tr	NNS	Her shoulder-length locks offered an enticing bonus of softness .
tr	NN	Our exchange took only seconds , but that was more than enough time for trouble to call .
tr	NNS	There were still a few last items he wanted , but he could haul those by hand .
tr	NNS	Any items that we can pack up and take with us to Headquarters , get them bagged or boxed up and lined up near the entrance .
tr	NN	The vote was quick and it passed .
tr	NNS	His eyelids lost their moorings to flutter closed , and soon his muscles began to ease beneath her hands .
tr	NN	" I beg your pardon , M. de Chretien , " the captain said .
tr	NNS	It had to be one of his most popular tunes because the moment the DJ announced it , the fans started screaming non-stop .
tr	NNS	Reyes moaned , holding himself all the tighter as he pumped up , then down .
tr	NNS	The winter frozen snow caps have melted dropping streams of fresh clean drinking water over the valley .
tr	NN	His teacher says Anton 's mother normally picks him up , so she 'll explain what 's happened . "
tr	NNS	My face burns and the walls close in , but I find a way to deal .
tr	NNS	Shift schedules , fund allocations , project juggling , out and out looting of other projects ... he 'd never pulled so many stunts in his life .
tr	NNS	Our candidates don 't have the family history to back up our stories when we do tell them . "
tr	NNS	A few passengers exited the train before me .
tr	NN	A short rank of Asha ' man saluted with fists to chests .
tr	NN	The gentle tapping repeated insistently .
tr	NNS	Bottles opened the attic door , set the box on the steps , then turned and locked the door from the inside .
tr	NN	In clear weather the mountain loomed over the city like an avenging white angel .
tr	NNS	His classes were small , and protected , as they were mostly the junior and senior ones , so I had never attended any of them .
tr	NN	A liar , admitting her guilt .
tr	NNS	" That 's all you 're stepping on is grapes .
tr	NNS	Even the agile elves nearly stumbled under the ensuing shockwave .
tr	NN	My pulse was beating rapidly and my stomach was a bundle of coils .
tr	NNS	In the 20th century , great civil rights leaders like Mohandas Gandhi and Martin Luther King proved that irrefutably .
tr	NNS	Shifter cats had different characteristics from family to family , clan to clan .
tr	NNS	" Curious cats should be careful . "
tr	NNS	" When this is on the road , " Rhys said straightening , " someone approaching is going to think that a sinkhole has split the concrete .
tr	NN	The van hit a nasty bump and we were jostled around , but the gun did not waver .
tr	NNS	Questions led to more questions , led ultimately , daily , to the one question that he refused to admit into his consciousness .
tr	NN	There was a rustle of movement and some fifty yards away , I saw the back of a soldier running into the thick forest below .
tr	NN	A zing goes up from my knee to my hoochie mama , and I have a small orgasm .
tr	NNS	" The graffiti , " Jake said , " is clearly biological in nature , hearts , livers , all of that .
tr	NNS	Things were going even better than he had planned and it was all because of Misty .
tr	NN	As her eyes filled with tears , the candlelight fractured .
tr	NN	The cold lack of conversation continued , until Antonia 's mind settled a bit and she could speak .
tr	NN	" The tip you left last night was like ninety dollars ; that 's too much for a tip . "
tr	NN	A siren , more piercing and invasive than I thought possible erupted around the building .
tr	NNS	Now the seas are over fished and the seaweed scarce . ' '
tr	NN	There was a grunt of surprise as the troll gazed down in disbelief at the wound .
tr	NNS	The zombies , for their part , had become nearly hysterical at the turning of tables .
tr	NN	" If , " the mayor said sharply .
tr	NN	Specter 's tail flopped once or twice in general agreement .
tr	NN	The townsfolk will be fleeing a few at a time . "
tr	NNS	Twelve seats , with a cloaked figure sitting on each .
tr	NNS	Not servants ' dress at all , but an ordinary dress .
tr	NN	The protein was a natural form of peptide nucleic acid , PNA .
tr	NN	The bullet struck the display case behind her desk , shattering the glass .
tr	NN	The timbre of his soft , intimate voice shimmied down her spine .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of Veronica put a big smile on his face .
tr	NNS	A few feet beyond , two zombies riddled with bullet holes lay on the ground .
tr	NN	He 'd always been a good little soldier , doing what he was told , his loyalty unwavering .
tr	NN	As if in answer to my thoughts , my comm sounds .
tr	NNS	" Seems the wolves stripped the other three last night . "
tr	NN	A small briefcase fell off in the process and he had to hold the door to maneuver out and retrieve it .
tr	NNS	Rolling galaxies like continents splitting into solar systems , comets , planets .
tr	NNS	Skulls persisted in signaling to her to detonate the explosives strapped to Richard .
tr	NN	Part of me wanted to stay there forever , to feel safe and loved for a change , but I pulled away .
tr	NN	The old goat is so madly in love with his grandchildren that there isn 't much Caleb or I can say or do to upset him .
tr	NNS	The two MP escorts greeted me with a quick salute and we walked to the commander 's office .
tr	NN	Never had she been loved nor experienced the passion which fascinated her as the lovers moved together on beds of moss and leaves .
tr	NN	The next day , the envoy from Last Bastion arrives .
tr	NN	" A better option than burned to death .
tr	NN	His complete lack of interest dented her pride ; still , his attitude shouldn 't have come as any surprise .
tr	NNS	Things were getting downright scary !
tr	NN	The best defense is a good offense .
tr	NN	My instinct is to run .
tr	NNS	Things he 'd hoped to never face again .
tr	NN	Edwin 's instinct was to run , but he stood frozen in terror as a figure emerged from the coffin .
tr	NNS	" But ... if all the Danish mercenaries are dead , then how did the seal get here ? "
tr	NN	The vendor reached to take the bundle of maize back from her .
tr	NN	" ... reporting indicates multiple nuclear missile strikes at all the major American cities .
tr	NN	But for the London haut ton - " " She must have the frocks very elegant ! "
tr	NN	Poor fellow did not even know her questions were a setup .
tr	NNS	She gave a false smile , her cheekbones raised as high as they could go .
tr	NN	Our honeymoon gave us something we weren 't expecting .
tr	NNS	The nurses in the hallway were all gawking at me .
tr	NN	But then a great raven lit on his chest , driving everything but terror from his mind .
tr	NNS	Samuels nodded , still gazing out at the water .
tr	NNS	" What are the symptoms ? "
tr	NNS	The servants and soldiers were charging up the steps to the keep with item after item .
tr	NNS	The mattress is unused , so it should be quite comfortable . "
tr	NNS	The aisles were narrow and the inventory was laid out in such a way that nothing made sense .
tr	NNS	In the back of the vehicle were there work uniforms strangely suited for work in the cold .
tr	NNS	The tiles in the Merciless Mart are always black and white , and here they are in a checkered pattern .
tr	NNS	There were finely wrought plaster ceilings , and antique furniture and marble busts .
tr	NN	This huge upright mass did not , however , rise directly from the sea .
tr	NNS	Yet my instincts said that the less she knew about what I 'd discovered , the better off I 'd be .
tr	NN	Her reserve had slowly begun to dissolve ; she even found herself talking about Maverick .
tr	NNS	" Hey , boss , the bikes are on fire ! "
tr	NN	My tether was pointing in the direction I should be going , but it wasn 't following where Max and Cole went .
tr	NNS	Her sobs quieted , but she didn 't lift her head .
tr	NNS	" Things are starting to take shape , as I hoped they would .
tr	NNS	The chandeliers sparkled , the mirrors echoed multiple reflections of swirling lace , and the men provided an upright contrast in their uniforms and formal tabards .
tr	NN	The yard was very peaceful .
tr	NNS	Small bits of dirt and ceramic littered the floor ; I was careful to walk over them .
tr	NNS	Words filled the screen .
tr	NNS	Her tits were everything he 'd thought they would be .
tr	NNS	His movements quickened as he charged .
tr	NNS	As horses and riders rose to the black veil of sky , shouts of battle from below trailed away .
tr	NN	Now the lack of air wasn 't the only thing setting me on fire .
tr	NN	A blink of his swelling eyes , and Sorin was on him .
tr	NNS	Their tongues volleyed while Liz kissed him back with a ferocity that rivaled his own heightened desire .
tr	NNS	The trains coming from Southend or Chelmsford all stop here , so you can hop off at Stratford . '
tr	NNS	Four chains , compass drawn , stretched and staked to the ground .
tr	NNS	The little night creatures were beginning to make their sounds again , having decided the big night creatures weren 't going to attack .
tr	NNS	The warm , silky strands made him think of the lyrics to " Sweet Child O ' Mine , " his favorite song .
tr	NNS	Classes drag on and on as I over analyze everything .
tr	NNS	" Your aunts were there , and some others from our clan . "
tr	NN	The last thing Brand felt in the material world was the platform giving out beneath his feet .
tr	NNS	Several witnesses saw him holding a strange white knife , and a few saw him drag the victim into the alley where she was raped . "
tr	NN	A popular method of disposal was to have them " drowned . "
tr	NNS	Again more shocked murmurs echoed throughout the room .
tr	NN	There is no prison and no defense lawyer .
tr	NN	Nausea simmered in my gut .
tr	NNS	Images of her frightened eyes haunted Garrett .
tr	NNS	Many medical research facilities actually maintain Media Rooms for release of such material .
tr	NNS	The edges of the hole still sizzled , though it had stopped spreading outward .
tr	NNS	" The minions of strife , " Bjorn said .
tr	NNS	Lives in an apartment in the Warehouse District , mom lives out in Hammond with his younger sister .
tr	NNS	The shadowy figures faded , having settled nothing .
tr	NN	The raven sat by its master 's side , guarding his body , as any loyal servant would .
tr	NNS	" Things are changing ; I have a child on the way . "
tr	NNS	There are no halves .
tr	NN	Bit dangerous , to be seen visiting so often .
tr	NNS	The Alliance satellites functioned very well , however , and boosted the weak signal we were able to produce .
tr	NN	The swirl of police lights flashed around the street , a sickening blue illumination that had his eyes narrowing .
tr	NNS	Sadness returned to her eyes .
tr	NN	A state-of-the-art flat-screen TV hung over the fireplace .
tr	NN	" Not until I 've said my piece , " the sergeant replied .
tr	NN	" The press secretary has already spoken to the human media . "
tr	NNS	There were too many variables .
tr	NN	Earlier that day , The Manager had come by his office .
tr	NNS	But the murders , of course , had begun after .
tr	NNS	The nurses have told me that her devotion to me was legendary .
tr	NNS	Where were the bees , and butterflies , and all the hungry little insects ?
tr	NN	After Finn kissed me and practically wiped his mouth to remove my taste from his lips , my self-esteem had been lagging .
tr	NN	Upon the morn the priest found me there .
tr	NN	The rope seemed to be wound many times around her waist , tightly enough that it constricted her breathing a little .
tr	NN	27 Arizona SHE packed all of her things and headed towards Sars Springs .
tr	NN	" I don 't know , " replied the chaplain .
tr	NN	His visage is indistinguishable beneath his hood , but his round eyes glow a pale green .
tr	NN	Suddenly , the Tom Cat veered in another direction .
tr	NNS	Its dimensions would be difficult to calculate , but they could be measured in miles .
tr	NN	This warrior had killed the man chained to me .
tr	NN	He opened his hand , revealed a tiny unit .
tr	NNS	The characters and the story are purely fictional .
tr	NN	Her lack of intelligence didn 't matter one iota because Kristen was beautiful .
tr	NN	Reality slaps me fast and hard as warm liquid covers my face and arms .
tr	NNS	No pirates are that well outfitted or that strong in number .
tr	NN	The singer talked to the keyboard player momentarily , his back to the crowd ( how rude thought Theo ) .
tr	NN	She slid from the chair and lowered gracefully to the floor , her balance honed by her feline side .
tr	NN	I tell you , the government treats us no better than that friend of yours just did outside . '
tr	NNS	The accusations her father had leveled at her about Rachel 's murder were far more damning .
tr	NNS	At least the duchess would have had no shame in her sons , had she lived to see them grow up .
tr	NN	The throbbing in my cl * t grew in time with the mastery of his hands on me .
tr	NNS	Without it , newspapers would be an unchecked free-for-all , and there 's enough of that in this world as it is .
tr	NNS	Their mothers were very close friends and Dana was Shawn 's legal godmother .
tr	NNS	" Locals only , no outsiders allowed . "
tr	NN	A roar filled the air , like the sound of a mighty waterfall .
tr	NNS	Their styles of delivery might vary , but the content was always the same .
tr	NNS	" Two trailers , " Luc said , pointing to the screen .
tr	NN	Love sat back in his chair and grinned .
tr	NN	" The whole goal here is to relax and take in a game .
tr	NN	Spring , mostly warm with just a hint of chill when the wind blew this way or that .
tr	NN	" A penny for your thoughts , " Brant said .
tr	NN	The lab tech holds his hands up defensively .
tr	NNS	" Sometimes the best lies are the truth . "
tr	NN	The maneuver swung her in a soaring arc over the steel gates , which she then Pushed against to throw herself farther into the air .
tr	NNS	Lie or not , the media would pounce on that rumor and then ask questions much , much later .
tr	NNS	Two fiery leads burrowed into her flesh like worms from hell that sought new fertile ground to subsist and breed .
tr	NNS	Past the mouth of the Great Green our traders went then , to the great island of Atlantis . "
tr	NNS	Human five star restaurants might compare to this one .
tr	NN	Soon afterward a known landmark , the distinctive outline of the Black Mesa , began to rise over the horizon ahead of them .
tr	NNS	Torturing other creatures -- even these monstrosities -- just didn 't feel right to her .
tr	NN	The rope seemed to give him confidence , though he shut his eyes more than once when he looked down between his feet .
tr	NN	The healer gone , he 'd put his shirt back on , and she could see the white bandages peeking through the rips in the dark cloth .
tr	NN	Then the glowing stopped .
tr	NN	The burly secretary ushered in the waiters .
tr	NN	" During the exchange of blood , the demon that lurks within the vampire is passed on , its hunger and thirst handed over to its victim .
tr	NN	Clearly , the landlord was having trouble believing this story .
tr	NNS	Things have been hard since the move , " Rachel whispered to him , so the other kids couldn 't hear .
tr	NN	Clarity had never seen such beauty of color assortments , a palette ornamented in the form of a wheel .
tr	NN	Her papa , whom she 'd idolized , had loved that she couldn 't cook .
tr	NN	The likes of which she hadn 't experienced since the day her father had died .
tr	NN	A feather brushes my left ear , tickles my left bicep .
tr	NNS	Fortunately , the consequences were not so unbearable .
tr	NNS	Short , warm puffs of air pulse hesitantly out of her body and fall against my skin .
tr	NNS	The targets pop up and I lob a blast of green energy towards them , hitting one and destroying it instantly .
tr	NN	The speedboat continued its approach , slowing somewhat as it neared the massive ship .
tr	NN	Conner 's southern accent belied what I 'd heard of her before , but then I hadn 't seen the Guardian , either .
tr	NNS	Strangers come to camp last night and ask about you .
tr	NN	The parasol lifted then .
tr	NN	The bar tender reached under the bar and pushed a button .
tr	NNS	Flames crackled in the hearth .
tr	NN	The guilt tore into me .
tr	NNS	Two quick slaps to the screw spun it to tightness .
tr	NN	A special peak , far away , had to be the one named Pike 's .
tr	NNS	My girlfriends and I had done the predictable thing and gone to Vegas .
tr	NNS	Images flashed through her mind .
tr	NN	His daddy had even made him a kid-sized lariat that could be strapped to the gun belt .
tr	NNS	Two ladies with strollers walk by , slowing to whisper to each other , presumably about me .
tr	NN	A priest does not wholly die .
tr	NN	My mate and children are dead .
tr	NNS	The soft strands tickle my face and I breathe in deeply .
tr	NNS	The duchess swallowed hard .
tr	NN	The spider must have gone .
tr	NN	His instinct , once finely tuned from years of patrolling the crime ridden streets of America , was telling him that something was wrong .
tr	NNS	The twins were almost identical not so much now but when they were kids .
tr	NNS	" The elves and dwarves certainly won 't take them in .
tr	NNS	" But braces go on , then they come off , then on again .
tr	NNS	There were no little , green aliens to be seen on any of the options .
tr	NN	The sheriff turned upstream and looked at an old wood and steel bridge about two hundred yards upstream , which had now become illuminated .
tr	NN	The duel is at sunrise in the cemetery .
tr	NNS	Overnight , the temperatures had dipped .
tr	NN	There 's a gentleman ! "
tr	NN	Her pager goes off and I know Jeff was too late .
tr	NN	A narrow stair , rough-hewn and cut from the stone of the mountain , led down beneath the keep .
tr	NN	The captain studied her a long moment .
tr	NNS	" Mia cara , " he was saying to her , " the strings of Fate have drawn us together .
tr	NNS	Out on the river there were several flashlights .
tr	NNS	After all , motorcycle gangs had a bad reputation when it came to women .
tr	NN	The vodka zoomed through her veins , fiery and potent .
tr	NN	Then the presentation began .
tr	NN	The Master has summoned one who 'll care for you and your sister .
tr	NN	The printing says that the teapot pictured is a " representative design " and that " supplies are limited . "
tr	NN	At least , a liking for children was one thing they definitely shared .
tr	NN	There 's a mumbling from the heap .
tr	NN	" Yes , such a sweetheart that man is .
tr	NN	There was another bump , and then a scrape .
tr	NNS	But hopes were often futile .
tr	NN	Only an idiot can believe in it !
tr	NN	" Yes , it is , " the consultant replied with a smile .
tr	NN	The cougar continued to watch him warily , obviously deciding that he might not be an easy kill after all .
tr	NNS	Beans doesn 't look happy , but he holds up his hands in a gesture of surrender .
tr	NNS	Lots of teens don 't make the pairing , either .
tr	NNS	" Things are going to be wonderful around here , Luther .
tr	NNS	The wolves didn 't return .
tr	NN	I don ' t suppose we need to raise that question with them ? "
tr	NNS	If she continued this pace much longer , their deaths could very well be at her hand .
tr	NNS	" And then the frogs got loose and when my mother came home , she stepped on one in the laundry room . "
tr	NN	The first bullet lodged itself deep into my arm .
tr	NNS	" Two werewolves are coming up the elevator now .
tr	NNS	As it fanned open , Karou 's trademark characters wavered on the pages , gorgeously rendered and deeply strange .
tr	NN	' And all the old shambles in the workroom are in pieces !
tr	NNS	Her instincts told her that if she bound herself to Reyes what happened between them afterward wouldn 't be simple .
tr	NNS	The codes are intact .
tr	NNS	So dwarves shall die , and light the night for our delight , Ya hey !
tr	NNS	Parts of his past hurt worse than others .
tr	NN	The helper did not look at him .
tr	NNS	Animals loved Rob and he loved them back - she 'd seen that on the Cruz ranch .
tr	NN	A sob caught in my throat .
tr	NNS	What are your conclusions at this point ? "
tr	NNS	Others moved through the lines as some moved back to make space .
tr	NN	And why wouldn 't her clit stop throbbing , damn it ?
tr	NN	" I never thought you were one for the lab , " his teacher said .
tr	NNS	Animals are very sacred things .
tr	NNS	There were no tickets in any of Stephan 's drawers .
tr	NNS	The colors and textures reminded her nature .
tr	NN	" Because a woman who loves selflessly , eternally - that 's his true wealth .
tr	NNS	The chances of him regaining consciousness have improved considerably , but as yet we can 't say which motor or speech functions may be impaired . "
tr	NNS	There were signs of freshly dug dirt scattered among the weeds .
tr	NN	" Neither is John Paul , yet he hurt Helena , " the priest said .
tr	NN	Tara 's unexpected career had taken off , growing solely by word of mouth .
tr	NN	The man was too slow to broach whatever subject he wanted to discuss , his manner distracted .
tr	NNS	Flowers bloomed in every niche and a Francis statute perpetually blessed the yard .
tr	NN	The sub jerked sideways .
tr	NN	The probe again pressed the button , and again slid off .
tr	NN	An older policeman arrived at five , parked on the curb outside the house , walked up and asked if he was OK .
tr	NN	The bastard only had one whip .
tr	NN	The Huey 's chief pilot flew right seat , and not left like all other aircraft .
tr	NN	The stack of clothes she had tossed on the bed while rummaging for something to wear last night persuaded me to go with Option B .
tr	NNS	My worries quickly ebb as Mr. Cameron pulls on the leash and steers Spartacus toward the house .
tr	NNS	His ancestors hunted on the Steppes of Russia , dogs of the Russian aristocracy .
tr	NNS	The signs have already been visible , but we have failed to see them . "
tr	NN	The lounge is pitch black except for the clock on the DVD player , which glows a harsh fluorescent green .
tr	NNS	Despite the warm June night , chills rolled through Callie 's body as she lay on her back , blinking against the darkness .
tr	NN	The nausea sets in then .
tr	NN	Suddenly , Love felt compelled to look over to his side .
tr	NN	The novelty wore off , and I gave up after a couple of weeks .
tr	NN	" That chick was - " Hi , my name is Tara .
tr	NNS	Ten cases stood behind the barrel .
tr	NN	* When the sun was at its brightest , another fanfare of trumpets sounded out across the town .
tr	NN	How could this old hermit have known of this ?
tr	NNS	The planes are already overhead , and I feel sick in a way I don 't know how to explain .
tr	NNS	The networks could find patterns in data better than the human eye .
tr	NN	My uncle was a divorcee , and we would occasionally visit his country house for a change of environment .
tr	NNS	Things that will make you want to scratch out your own eyes , just so you never have to see such an image again . "
tr	NNS	The creatures slammed into their blades and shields amidst a cacophony of screeches and guttural sounds unintended for men 's ears .
tr	NNS	Her footsteps were indistinguishable from the ordinary creaks and moans of old wood .
tr	NNS	Our technicians are really quite good though and have never lost a patient . "
tr	NNS	" Things decay quickly here . "
tr	NN	A growl built in his throat and his hands wrapped around her hips .
tr	NN	The meteorite in her hand looked anything but extraterrestrial .
tr	NNS	The technicians swallow their doubts and start getting me ready again .
tr	NNS	Those blasts may have drawn attention .
tr	NN	The marble was at least a foot thick , with silver flecks sparkling like diamond chips in the smooth , glossy surface .
tr	NN	The colony took on a dome shape with exits at North , South , East , and West .
tr	NN	Her birthday was off to a great start .
tr	NN	And , " No , that cucumber isn 't quite ready . "
tr	NNS	The black dwarves had taken cover .
tr	NNS	Laughter and tires screeched as she pulled into her corporate parking space .
tr	NNS	Not all werewolves are responsible , Sam .
tr	NNS	The possibilities for failure made me cringe .
tr	NN	The fan on his desk chugged away , doing its best to disperse the sticky air .
tr	NN	There was loud applause .
tr	NNS	Rawlings entered the room empty-handed , a look of dread on his face .
tr	NNS	Girls in long , flowing maxi dresses and boys in Lacoste polos filled the patio .
tr	NNS	Most engaged couples were in love and acted like it .
tr	NN	The caller hung up .
tr	NNS	Alexis looked at Matthew .
tr	NN	A roar of greeting and affection rose from the crowd of visitors as soon as the King appeared .
tr	NN	" Nay , ' t is no prop . "
tr	NNS	Things like this didn 't happen to Dorian .
tr	NN	The unit glanced toward him , tilted his head and went back to the maps .
tr	NNS	Three counts passed before I summoned my voice .
tr	NN	That coin and the raid on the house is a constant reminder that something happened .
tr	NN	His accent was sexy , sending a wave of longing through her she hardly recognized for what it was .
tr	NNS	After the rival Bulldogs scored on the opening kickoff , the home fans had become more boisterous .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared , a tiny line appearing between his eyebrows .
tr	NN	Beatrice 's plastic personality made it pretty easy to see through her shallow attempts to mimic emotions .
tr	NNS	" Ethan , " he exclaimed as I walked forward , my blades held at my side .
tr	NN	Not Thierry the compassionate , Thierry the good vampire , Thierry the saint of Circle Daybreak .
tr	NN	A worn , faded rug covers the hard floor and a large , flat screen takes up nearly an entire wall .
tr	NN	His prolonged lack of consciousness bothered her immensely .
tr	NN	The anticipated arrival had occurred .
tr	NNS	The other mages would never accept him .
tr	NN	the secretary said , holding out his cigar .
tr	NN	The tip cut through the rope that hung her from the tree , and she dropped .
tr	NNS	Any cookies left ? "
tr	NNS	Abruptly , images began to rush through her mind like a storm .
tr	NNS	" The Jets or the Subs must secure an item called the Gate from a secretive wanderer known as the Hermit .
tr	NN	Sasha 's absence in our lives is like a gaping fissure in the middle of a bridge .
tr	NN	Finally , the werewolf takes a step back .
tr	NN	' We have a few further questions to ask , ' Love replied .
tr	NNS	The drinks came served by a serving mech .
tr	NN	" The lack of prey scent confuses me . "
tr	NN	" Did y ' all decide ? "
tr	NNS	The twins just took a shower together and left me weak . "
tr	NN	The senator had obviously underestimated his daughter 's street smarts .
tr	NNS	His Google directions ended there as if all of Hearken lay at this single point on the map and there was nothing more to see .
tr	NNS	He cases my face in both of his hands and tilts my face up toward his .
tr	NNS	Soldiers should not exist .
tr	NN	Part of it may return as the swelling goes down . "
tr	NNS	Massive chandeliers hung from the ceiling .
tr	NNS	His paws stomped the ground , and he bowed politely .
tr	NN	They will kill my family if I talk , " the captain said .
tr	NNS	Hands clammy with sweat , Jane watched uncertainly as the knob turned and the door opened .
tr	NNS	" There are cameras in every room . "
tr	NN	And finally , there 's his assessment of Coin .
tr	NNS	Lights of a little plane pass overhead , gliding , so easy and calm .
tr	NN	The cleric chuckled again .
tr	NN	The detector at his belt beeped .
tr	NNS	" My apologies for the mess my old friend but we need to go .
tr	NN	Every nerve in my body came alive and tingled in anticipation .
tr	NN	" The gentleman has a bruise on his neck to back up the claim . "
tr	NN	The lush green carpet covered the entire floor setting snug against the brick .
tr	NNS	Now there are two possibilities where there used to be only one . '
tr	NN	Suddenly the injury was in my body .
tr	NNS	Her black talons began to tap against the glass .
tr	NNS	Their camouflage uniforms were so noticeably mortal , but the armbands with Ares ' symbol were anything but mortal .
tr	NNS	" At his wish , his scales turned to fragile skin .
tr	NN	The grunt turned into an animal roar , as he pumped streams of white cum into her body .
tr	NN	An archway over the entrance gates sported the lettering , Estancia Fuga .
tr	NN	Lust pounded through his veins as her smell invaded his senses .
tr	NN	" Love 's not necessary to a well-matched marriage , " Victoria said firmly , " but it certainly doesn 't hurt .
tr	NNS	" The headaches stopped about two weeks ago . "
tr	NNS	the dowager duchess asked as she guided Isabella along the periphery of the room .
tr	NNS	And , largely due to Gabe 's help , the most rudimentary improvements to the farm , including the repairs to the barn , were complete .
tr	NN	She wiped her tears and stood , her Christian upside-down crosses clearly showing on her armoured apparel .
tr	NN	Terror twisted every smooth feature on Malik 's face as I drew the air out of his lungs .
tr	NN	" And your future cat Chester can come , too , if you want . "
tr	NN	" Sit , " the pirate captain commanded .
tr	NN	" Part of the pitch included showing your spread in American Bride . "
tr	NNS	His colleagues didn 't seem to be paying him much attention .
tr	NNS	Reyes glanced at her and saw the wry curve of her lips .
tr	NN	From my vantage point , I can see the Fitzgerald ranch next to me , the black iron grates in the first-floor windows that apparently I inspired .
tr	NNS	Such ministrations seemed to Rafe to call for some comment on his part .
tr	NNS	Cassius looked at her and shrugged .
tr	NNS	When I build a hotel or apartment complex , the designers do all the work .
tr	NNS	" Your relatives don 't count . "
tr	NN	His charm must work on my parents too , because my curfew was 11pm .
tr	NNS	My sneakers let off an admittedly adorable perky sound as I marched back over to the sidelines .
tr	NN	At the microscopic level , the anomalous tissue differed greatly from ordinary lung .
tr	NNS	The paintings laughed louder than ever , and the insults were worse than ever .
tr	NN	Memory of his last encounter came rushing in .
tr	NNS	Deeper again and odd and unusual creatures wandered over the newly created realms seeking their place in their new life .
tr	NN	He knew just how to touch her , knew just where to stroke - Another finger worked up inside her .
tr	NN	So intent had she been on the sea woman 's peril that she had forgotten her own . "
tr	NN	Her first inclination , as always in such circumstances , was to dig in her heels .
tr	NN	I real y didn 't .
tr	NN	There was terrible poverty in Dublin then .
tr	NN	Every limb in her body melted like butter in a flame .
tr	NNS	The provisions the slave had left them the other night were already running low .
tr	NNS	Her sobs while she showered stopped him dead .
tr	NN	There was a sudden growl of pure rage and then a flash of red and blue .
tr	NN	Ignoring him , the priest smirked .
tr	NN	There was a storm brewing .
tr	NNS	The elves outside may entertain us with a Sword Dance !
tr	NN	Thinking of Sam made her smile a big , goofy grin .
tr	NN	The landing was hard , jarring him .
tr	NNS	But your efforts stirred up a hornet 's nest .
tr	NN	A little flattery really will get you anything .
tr	NNS	Unlike humanoids , the androids have always demonstrated a vital and charismatic robustness .
tr	NN	Chapter 15 : Kiev The moment we left the boundaries of The Shade , my migraine returned full force .
tr	NN	The young secretary interjected nervous , it was late for a lunch break , and he was hungry .
tr	NNS	The squirrels started making some serious noise -- loud squeaking and thumping .
tr	NNS	His attempts to remain secluded failed with every head turned in his direction .
tr	NN	There was a dimple on her chin , a half smile on her lips , and her cheekbones were prominent , sculpted .
tr	NNS	Aris tried to look down , but couldn 't bend his neck to see that part of his body .
tr	NN	When they got inside Serena handed over her prized possession , the birthday cake .
tr	NN	The leader beckoned Auron to get in the vehicle .
tr	NN	The liquid that came out was a thick brown slop .
tr	NNS	Things didn 't look good for us at all .
tr	NN	A small sliding hatch opened and an angry looking eye stared out at him from the other side .
tr	NNS	Witches and vampires are different .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , our accommodations are limited , but we do have one room for you .
tr	NN	When near my grandson , the flute will sing .
tr	NNS	Things had clearly improved , that much was certain .
tr	NNS	Alexis headed back to her room .
tr	NN	A kindness these peasants simply refused to see .
tr	NN	This staircase , however , leads somewhere .
tr	NNS	The concepts formed a vague semi circle around Fate , only Irony grumbled about it .
tr	NNS	With that the messengers departed swiftly , and the dwarves were left to consider their case .
tr	NN	The Final Empire itself was the logbook 's legacy .
tr	NN	The prophecy had named " one lost up ahead , " but Gregor had not expected to find his dad as lost as this .
tr	NN	The altar began to tremble .
tr	NN	Kissing your student gets you promoted ? "
tr	NN	Did your daddy leverage the Maui vacation home for that thing ? "
tr	NN	His lust held him immobilized , aware but uncaring about anything but her .
tr	NN	" Never good at remembering more than one name , your basic lizard man .
tr	NN	A billboard cut through the sky , bearing a picture of a newborn baby and the words CHOOSE PRINCETON HOSPITAL FOR YOUR MOST PRECIOUS MOMENTS .
tr	NN	" Our senior folk were all conferring when ... " She shivered .
tr	NN	Her nearest neighbor is over forty miles away . "
tr	NN	The night watchman who 'd been so kind to her on the night she 'd been robbed , back when her life ended and purgatory started .
tr	NN	" My mate , " he breathed , lifting his head to nuzzle at her neck .
tr	NN	" This cushion of sorts may look comfortable enough , but trust me ... it is definitely lacking in its design and usefulness .
tr	NN	The fellow on the left , " I said .
tr	NNS	The blades flashed once more and the ragged ribbons fell to pieces in the wind .
tr	NN	The patrons of the Drum tended to be democratic in their approach to aggressiveness .
tr	NN	The lone passenger seated in the back of the limo placed the fresh drink in his hand aside .
tr	NN	A thrill of fear ran through Fintan 's body as the ship rocked gently and then bucked a little .
tr	NN	The treacherous castle caved into different alleys that seemed to fork in almost every direction .
tr	NN	" Our specialty is ... psychotropic drugs . "
tr	NNS	Agents were in place , waiting for us .
tr	NNS	The best lies always have a seed of truth .
tr	NNS	Bearing twins is never easy on a female 's body .
tr	NN	Our unit tried to defend itself , and now it is inoperative . "
tr	NNS	~ Fifteen minutes later , the odd companions were sitting at a booth in a locally owned coffee shop .
tr	NN	The traveler went on his way to seek out those who , like his former companions , were desperate for the truths he carried .
tr	NN	His nausea doubled , however , when he saw what he had opened .
tr	NNS	The sirens are still blaring , but from a distance now .
tr	NNS	Ahead he could see two Agents , one on either side of the doors .
tr	NN	The growl came from deep in his throat nearly echoing through the room .
tr	NN	I scan the front of her shirt , the outline of her bra underneath just barely visible .
tr	NNS	And when his mother died after a long life , the visits had become less and less frequent .
tr	NNS	Others saw what looked like a questionable scene and hurried by , not wanting to get involved .
tr	NNS	" All your recipes are delicious . "
tr	NNS	Your claims are , in theory , a sufficient explanation for the events which have taken place .
tr	NNS	The supplies were beginning to dwindle and the looming run was starting to weigh heavy on everyone 's mind .
tr	NN	An amused twinkle came into his eyes as he handed me the bunch of flowers he had picked .
tr	NN	She turned around , the rustle of her taffeta dress magnified in her ears .
tr	NN	Part of me died right then , maybe not a physical death , but on some mental , some emotional level I was good as dead .
tr	NN	A single lamp hangs from the ceiling , the flickering fire emitting a purplish glow .
tr	NNS	Things had changed over the years with their relationship as Auron became more and more busy .
tr	NN	The stake obligingly disappeared into his chest .
tr	NN	A few seconds later , there was a pulse of light , and then another spaced out a mile apart .
tr	NN	" Give me that green one , " the homicide investigator directed me .
tr	NN	" What good will a pulverized probe do Watney ? "
tr	NNS	Questions swirled chaotically through his mind about what had happened to her .
tr	NN	All muscles contract , it 's all they can do , they can 't move sideways or circular and they can 't do anything when cut .
tr	NN	His gorgeous , tortured face .
tr	NNS	Things were sure to become worse now that the Republicans had won so many Congressional seats in the recent elections .
tr	NN	" Who was the thief , the one who stole her heart from you ? "
tr	NN	Tap , tap , tap and the red slash once again consumed the screen .
tr	NNS	In the man " s mind , steely talons were about to pierce his jugular .
tr	NN	A Comanche warrior known as Scarface had killed both her father and brother .
tr	NNS	Corey 's directions had been dead on .
tr	NNS	Romulus had poured the hot syrup on top of them !
tr	NN	Row upon row of plaques adorn the walls .
tr	NNS	Smiling , she answered , " Great minds think alike , I guess . "
tr	NN	The archangel exhaled audibly , a soft but chastising sound .
tr	NNS	The Walking Names always said the girls needed the cutting .
tr	NNS	The edges of her vision blurred and once again she pulled herself together .
tr	NNS	Three figures , all dressed in black , jumped out of the chopper 's cabin , exiting before the skids had even settled to the ground .
tr	NN	As long as you answer them , your mate will remain whole .
tr	NNS	Their wedding preparations were underway .
tr	NNS	As he collected his thoughts in anticipation of calling Frank the only witnesses to the crime drove down a side street in their blue Jaguar .
tr	NN	And the bastard was smiling as he did it .
tr	NN	A good commander learns to delegate .
tr	NN	The last sentence came from Tara , her breathing picking up in pace as she anticipated what I was about to do .
tr	NNS	Aurelius slid an arm around my waist .
tr	NNS	The werewolves began to whisper behind him .
tr	NN	Ok , well the wife part may have sucked , but mostly avoided each other .
tr	NN	The initial goal was to force any invading force into the river canyon .
tr	NNS	The villagers grumbled about the lost opportunity of questioning the tinkers .
tr	NN	This wormhole was essential to our galaxy and eliminating it has already altered many present and future events . "
tr	NNS	Twelve or so paces along the corridor and we filed through the 3rd door on the left .
tr	NNS	Romulus examined the Russian blade for a moment and then tossed it back into a pile .
tr	NNS	The other directors laughed at the suggestion .
tr	NN	" My papa lives in heaven with God . "
tr	NN	The defense is blitzing .
tr	NN	A large football poster hung on the wall , a heart drawn around one of the players .
tr	NN	The passion from the kiss a few minutes before had only escalated .
tr	NNS	The ship 's passengers are mostly Canadian soldiers , but from all over the country .
tr	NNS	" Things have been busy lately .
tr	NN	" His Grandmother and my Grandmother lived next door to each other for eons , before both their life forms terminated .
tr	NN	The maid pulls the double doors open .
tr	NNS	There aren 't enough overt symptoms in advance to let you know that they 're coming .
tr	NNS	Fresh sobs caught in my throat and a new wave of tears poured down from my eyes .
tr	NNS	Dylan 's lion 's paws moved in a flurry , batting back the bear with the swift , manic strength of a cat .
tr	NNS	Several pairs of feet came stomping down the stairs .
tr	NNS	Others may not have made it this far .
tr	NN	Then a riotous roar of fear came from everyone in the back as they desperately tried to escape .
tr	NN	The third dwarf wrinkled his brow and nodded as he worked things over in his intoxicated brain .
tr	NNS	But her fears were groundless .
tr	NNS	The same programs which Eve began to prepare before her departure .
tr	NNS	Cadmus stood as the rest of his crew continued to kneel .
tr	NN	Just a tiny nibble , " he growled as he stalked her .
tr	NN	' Christian Knightly ' sewn on the collar , see ? "
tr	NN	Terror rose up within me , yet it was accompanied by curiosity , too .
tr	NN	Shooting without purpose is no good and will kill you before your time . "
tr	NNS	The roads were mostly dirt , but the two main streets were paved .
tr	NN	A pelt pulled tightly across the open side of the bed assured the baby would not fall out of it .
tr	NNS	" Things are coming together . "
tr	NN	" Where 's your scar ? "
tr	NN	Their first obligation is to protect mother at all cost .
tr	NNS	Things made sense when she was around her bacteria and experiments .
tr	NNS	Their colors were pulsing rapidly changing and mutating , as though some part of him were short-circuiting from the inside .
tr	NNS	The possibilities are endless . "
tr	NN	Terror over losing Mairi had taken a life of its own and it possessed him like a dark spirit .
tr	NN	" So , Ms , you want it rare , medium or ... " said Michel , handing Sarah the chopped slice of snake .
tr	NNS	The tests show the radio is working fine , but I 'm not getting reception on any channel .
tr	NNS	Almost as if held in a trance the passengers remained in a hushed silence for a few more seconds .
tr	NN	Aedan 's accent had come through .
tr	NNS	His cells in the left side listened .
tr	NNS	My eyelids slowly opened , and I reached out with trembling fingers .
tr	NN	" We can hope , " the tech said .
tr	NN	The plantation was utterly still .
tr	NNS	Flowers were awfully ... pretty .
tr	NN	And a slice of your chocolate cake for dessert if there 's any left when she 's finished . "
tr	NN	The damage was horrific .
tr	NNS	Girls loved Byron Butler .
tr	NN	As luck would have it , the mechanism stayed together , although so did the lock .
tr	NN	My maid managed to obtain it from one of the servants in the garden , and she has spoken to him .
tr	NNS	Images of their one lost baby had haunted him for a year .
tr	NN	Arun the helper looked at his defiant namesake , at his feet .
tr	NNS	Animals , mostly , bears , rabbits , and ducks , although I also spotted an image of Coyote in the mix .
tr	NNS	There are slight differences in the children . "
tr	NNS	Goss wanted to know .
tr	NN	The dark stairwell with its many steps was another reason why he wasn 't comfortable with Nikki staying on here after Janine was gone .
tr	NNS	The team members behind him follow his cue , not yet knowing what he sees .
tr	NNS	The old ladies were going to be talking about Lindsey 's spoiled kids , too .
tr	NN	There was a balcony at the end of the hallway outside the room , and we went there .
tr	NNS	The heavy bikes had swept up in advance and secured the site , cutting off all means of escape .
tr	NN	The silent , open mouthed suffering was something I had felt entirely too much of in my life .
tr	NNS	" Day Soldiers kill vampires every single day . "
tr	NN	' I do know what you mean , ' Love said , and grinned .
tr	NNS	Any supplies , mining materials and workers went in on the empty ore barges as they returned for the next load .
tr	NNS	Alley cats hissed at him ; stray dogs would growl ; and people either shunned him or pretended like he didn 't exist .
tr	NNS	" My warriors know they are to be of assistance to my daughter on her command .
tr	NNS	After a few minutes of this , his eyelids started to droop once more .
tr	NNS	Alice 's sobs turned to a wordless keening .
tr	NNS	Things that happened , happened .
tr	NNS	The momentum of the energy is already established , hence , subduing one or even two or three terminals would have negligible effect .
tr	NN	An older gentleman in a tux unfolded a small tray and placed a bottle of champagne on it .
tr	NN	A rider on a fast horse might even make it to the gates first and alert the guard . "
tr	NNS	The Shifter 's pupils returned to human shape , his eye color darkening to jade as grief filled them .
tr	NN	When she realized what she 'd said , her embarrassment grew .
tr	NN	Their shared orgasm left them spent and still connected , hugging each other while their breathing slowly returned to normal .
tr	NNS	These programs behaved more like living organisms than man-made automatons .
tr	NN	Dr. Schwartz 's pen clicked and she wrote something for a moment before speaking .
tr	NN	Though there was no reason to fear Zorin , the big man 's impressive stature had always instilled a dose of healthy respect from others .
tr	NN	More cracks sounded , bark exploded from nearby trees .
tr	NNS	Families were pouring in , tickets in hand .
tr	NNS	There are so many cruel twists in a long prison term .
tr	NN	The grunt handed one to me , kept one himself and handed out the other three .
tr	NN	She smiled to herself , relieved she had found an explanation .
tr	NN	The wear pattern is identical , and there 's a jagged circle on the left heel , as if he 'd stepped on a sharp rock . "
tr	NN	There was a thick layer of dust covering every inch of her .
tr	NNS	The runs to Renaissance , QED , and Lovelady were long , and the supply of ale on board was extensive .
tr	NNS	Cadmus had laughter in his eyes .
tr	NNS	The shouts and cries assailed the ears whilst the odours of every part of life here found their way to nose and mouth .
tr	NN	And all suffering too comes only with a reason . "
tr	NN	" Child , again I say you must repent this willfulness !
tr	NNS	At that moment , the gates opened and the voice of a girl came pouring in .
tr	NNS	Within a few days , the drugs were back .
tr	NNS	All the cameras were in continuous operation , and there were cameras everywhere .
tr	NN	The receptionist , either out of apathy or obliviousness , did not look up .
tr	NNS	Huge networks of the screens protected the perimeter of Try Again .
tr	NN	His spine was freezing , his clothes a collection of damp rags .
tr	NN	There 's even a mosaic of it in Pompeii . '
tr	NN	His lack of wits could easily have allowed Jocelyn to be harmed .
tr	NN	Because Papa was an addict . "
tr	NNS	Evan clutching his favorite blanket with quilted airplane squares , the edges now ragged .
tr	NNS	Hank 's nostrils flared as we came to a stop .
tr	NN	" But the squad has fallen apart .
tr	NN	Like always , the gentry dressed like that they were going to a Renaissance Faire that served ecstasy .
tr	NN	Stop the staring and come on in , " Rose good-naturedly scolded him .
tr	NNS	Are Hunt members and staff allowed to get married ? "
tr	NNS	Yelling and running footsteps suddenly exploded all around us and I jerked into a sitting position .
tr	NN	His instinct was to roll back atop her and plunge as deeply into her welcoming body as he could .
tr	NN	That schedule was a work of art : logical , neat , and with plenty of space for contingencies .
tr	NN	" I 'm Dr. Adams , " the surgeon said , pulling the multicolored cap off his head .
tr	NNS	Logan and Gunner 's footsteps thundered toward him .
tr	NN	Inside the triangle , the pulsing created an unsettling feeling , like his insides were being pulled together .
tr	NNS	The duchess followed her gaze and shrugged .
tr	NN	A ramp in the hallway made a sharp incline upward leading toward the sounds of fighting , but also to the light .
tr	NNS	The warm water burns and the brown paper towels feel like sandpaper as he washes off the blood .
tr	NN	Our lack of faith visited the wrath of the gods upon us .
tr	NNS	The wolves will be communicating and keeping me updated at all times .
tr	NNS	" There 's not heaps of variety for dinner and I wanted to make sure I got food you 'd enjoy . "
tr	NNS	" Well the planes were helpful in the battle . "
tr	NNS	I read a lot more in the Book today , got some interesting ideas .
tr	NNS	My eyelids are heavy , my fingers and toes sting with cold .
tr	NN	Her tutor never even knew the difference .
tr	NNS	Romulus lifted his head from between his paws and let out a small whine .
tr	NN	But when I swing up like that ... well , eventually the pendulum swings back .
tr	NN	His Italian accent caressed her name .
tr	NNS	Things weren 't perfect .
tr	NN	" The sheriff told me . "
tr	NN	" Ok , well let me get inside and find out what is going on .
tr	NN	Love fortified her weakness .
tr	NN	" A tourist 's dream . "
tr	NN	His reputation made the rounds and people marveled at his skills .
tr	NNS	Others picked up their weapons and scrambled quickly back to their feet .
tr	NNS	There are a few nice new ladies in the faculty of science now , but they always stay away from us and our game .
tr	NN	' By someone he trusts , ' Love repeated .
tr	NN	In her , the Herd instinct would also be dead .
tr	NNS	Soft greens , pale , pale blues .
tr	NNS	Fifteen gang members surround Gary and four other students .
tr	NN	The unit then activated its internal radio , " Centurion , machine gun emplacement secured .
tr	NN	The last female Lycan was tough as nails .
tr	NN	Reality and its problems brushed aside and replaced by the suggestion their dreams were a mere sniff away .
tr	NN	A chaperone kneels by his side and says to him , " An ambulance is on the way ! "
tr	NNS	As I emerged , bulbs flashed , people yelled , and hands carrying microphones were thrust into my face .
tr	NN	The werewolf took a sphere from Sean 's hand and tossed it on the ground .
tr	NNS	Her raven locks were shorter but with the same silky feel .
tr	NNS	' Narrow boards , ' he said .
tr	NN	" Only the pulse is permanent . "
tr	NNS	Two elves dressed in the striking black and purple kilts of the MacIntosh Clan ( E division ) both saluted .
tr	NN	There was a TV in the corner -- a really ancient one .
tr	NNS	There were mere inches between them , and the urge to reach for her , to pull her close , was a writhing thing inside him .
tr	NN	A tall , unlit lava lamp occupied one corner .
tr	NN	Maria 's mother Sylvia kissed her forehead as she slept , heartbroken about what had happened .
tr	NNS	Moses slid into the bench seat behind the table and , after looking around to see if anyone would object , he started to sample the food .
tr	NN	The squirrel lost all color , bleeding to grey , the Awakening feeding off the body 's own colors to help fuel the transformation .
tr	NN	Chance would be a fine thing .
tr	NNS	The servants packed up their tents , and , together on horses , they began a long ride through deep snow and ice .
tr	NN	But my hands slide through the light and nothing happens .
tr	NN	" With the observation logs ? "
tr	NNS	Soon more followers would come .
tr	NN	Also prison would be a real possibility because they don 't defend killing within your own faction .
tr	NN	There was a bitter undertone to his words .
tr	NNS	Regency fans may also enjoy the cozy mysteries Susanna and the Spy and London Calling .
tr	NN	After winter loosened its hold on the land , the spring planting occupied much of the populace .
tr	NNS	What are our chances of getting away once we finish shooting up the place ? "
tr	NNS	Both rats gave a polite nod at their name .
tr	NNS	The images of murderous werewolves in her books have made a permanent impression .
tr	NN	" The clothing was beautiful as well .
tr	NNS	Lights flashed to the left , haphazardly .
tr	NNS	Sandra took it carefully and placed it in her lap , unwrapping it slowly in case its contents should break .
tr	NNS	Alexis sat up and looked around the dark room .
tr	NN	Inside the room , a medical examiner stood over a stainless-steel slab covered in blood .
tr	NNS	Behind them shouts rose up through the storm .
tr	NN	A dashing leap allows him to continue forward , adrenaline charging through his veins as the bridge begins to collapse all around him .
tr	NN	Maybe the other phoenix had decided to burn this place to the ground .
tr	NNS	Shuffling footsteps stopped my train of thought .
tr	NNS	After one last , uncomfortable minute , the siblings finally separated .
tr	NNS	Cadmus verified the claim , " Yes , I saw him dispatch the horrible villain , myself . "
tr	NN	The compulsion which had come over me at Gara seemed gone now .
tr	NNS	Dangerous Beans was still staring at the unseen world .
tr	NNS	Things are happening so fast that you don 't have time to think much of anything except doing your job and trying not to die .
tr	NN	The receptionist was trying to get his attention , and Michaels snapped back into reality .
tr	NN	" You tore a stitch or two throwing the boy about , " the priest explained as he sat down stiffly next to the pair .
tr	NNS	Their fathers just killed each other , remember ? '
tr	NN	Her golden halo turned into a swelling darkness .
tr	NN	So he simply stared down his enemy , analyzing him like a predator would its prey , trying to detect any weaknesses .
tr	NN	The sparkling silver ropes leapt into her palms like puppies eager to do her bidding .
tr	NN	That ferry will be leaving at 5 PM . "
tr	NN	Her pulse was hammering faster , and her mouth felt dry .
tr	NNS	Other elves would come in occasionally bringing food and drink .
tr	NN	The exercise would probably be good for them , wouldn 't you say ? "
tr	NN	The black liquid burned all the way down , making him feel more alert already .
tr	NNS	If you fight again , the consequences will be worse .
tr	NN	The lever in the center took us up or down ; the buttons on either side were for landing gear and communications .
tr	NN	The best option for us is to stay quiet and let whoever it is pass . "
tr	NNS	" Inverted cards reflect a negative influence , and although it represents the past , it can also signify something you 're currently transitioning through . "
tr	NN	Anne 's pencil danced across the paper , effortlessly trailing an intricate tapestry of shapes and numbers behind .
tr	NNS	There are plenty downstairs , and I want off this deck .
tr	NNS	The hobbits regretted very much that they knew so little about them : only a rather vague report by Sam of what Gandalf had told the Council .
tr	NNS	My instincts were in overdrive and they were all telling me the same thing .
tr	NNS	The three detectives read Olivia 's text several times .
tr	NN	The Convention sent us because they figured we 'd blend in with the college crowd . "
tr	NNS	' Yes , as well as why no other symptoms were present .
tr	NN	" Some chick named Jessica Coffin .
tr	NN	However , our captain had decided to show that the President had teeth .
tr	NN	Their saliva reeks of decomposition , and bite wounds are soaked in it .
tr	NN	The bruise would look hideous in the light .
tr	NN	His growl was low but primal , his face contorted in anger and agony .
tr	NNS	Small stores lined the street .
tr	NNS	When the thunder finally stopped , when the wind finally died , the shaking members of the Dark Council climbed back into their seats .
tr	NN	In human life also , there is complete chaos and confusion about role and purpose .
tr	NN	The thrust had quit sooner than he had hoped .
tr	NNS	His first day 's winnings of 500 dollars gave him pleasure and he was up $ 7,000 over the next three days while Jonesy pursued other interests .
tr	NN	" How was your little chat with Trent ? "
tr	NNS	The desperate thumps stammered against my chest .
tr	NN	I ' l cal you later . "
tr	NN	The other girl witness , a close friend of Elisabetta , made an impression of being far more sensible .
tr	NN	The wraith snapped her fingers at the troll then laughed as she extended her arm down to the slave .
tr	NNS	" After all , appearances are everything .
tr	NNS	" His drinks that is , " she added .
tr	NNS	The ramifications of what that meant ran through her mind .
tr	NNS	The spaces for each winner were only about 2 feet by 2 feet .
tr	NNS	Afterward your loner tendencies got a whole lot more pronounced .
tr	NN	The leader with the nose turned to another one of his men .
tr	NNS	" Perhaps you ladies would join me for tea at Dogwood Corners one afternoon ? "
tr	NN	George 's administrator was Eleanor Smith , who had been with the company for over thirty years and had supported some of the founders .
tr	NNS	But the instances have become more pronounced .
tr	NN	But my parents ' divorce wasn 't a huge surprise .
tr	NNS	Our calculations are off .
tr	NN	The fucker had a pretty sound reason for going off the deep end , but that didn 't mean he had a right to hurt my girl .
tr	NNS	The drinks arrived and they dived in .
tr	NNS	His motives were different from mine .
tr	NN	The deputy said something like , " You coming ?
tr	NN	" The map we got will supposedly lead us to it . "
tr	NNS	Mighty temples of glory soared into the heavens , with amusement park rides , lunchboxes , and trading cards .
tr	NN	" Hot , hot , hot ... ah , ah , ah , ah ! "
tr	NN	The Author holds exclusive rights to this work .
tr	NNS	The chains , essentially , had become a nightmare of sensation .
tr	NN	The demon 's roar of rage echoed through the woods , and it turned toward me .
tr	NNS	The less she said , the better her chances were of getting a carte blanche deal , since Grady was one big mass of curiosity .
tr	NNS	" There are apartments upstairs ? "
tr	NNS	Giant black drapes hung from the ceiling .
tr	NNS	There were thousands of twinkling lights strung throughout and the scent of roses wafted in the air from the hundreds of arrangements placed everywhere .
tr	NNS	His servants stopped and bowed to him as he passed by .
tr	NN	The Jeep parked , and then Bex stepped out , frowning at Claire .
tr	NNS	" What were those butterflies ? "
tr	NNS	The chalk hills were taking them , just like they 'd taken the bones of Granny Aching .
tr	NN	Retrieving some more herbs , the healer moved to place them in the warm bathwater .
tr	NN	There was a bruise on his cheek .
tr	NNS	" And werewolves aren 't violent ? "
tr	NN	Morning came and the boy rose damp and stiff but much refreshed .
tr	NNS	Several members of the audience started to scream and panic started to spread .
tr	NN	Her robe gaped open , revealing one of his favorite parts of her .
tr	NNS	When Iraq invaded Kuwait and triggered the start of the Gulf War , the letters had slowed .
tr	NN	Suddenly , the cord relaxed .
tr	NNS	Our seats were in the very last two rows of the plane , next to the washrooms .
tr	NN	The boot caught Childs full in the face .
tr	NN	Jackson 's career had exploded after he starred in Negative Exposure , the John Warner movie that he had almost passed on because of me .
tr	NN	She started walking toward Della , her pinky held out like a weapon .
tr	NNS	Questions upon questions kept popping into her head .
tr	NNS	All the androids looked the same , except for a small number on a badge worn on their uniform .
tr	NN	Sure enough , there was the telltale blush spreading up from her neck like a flame .
tr	NNS	The servants went to the well .
tr	NNS	" If you 're successful at it , the effects are like a sedative .
tr	NN	A printed strip of paper clicked out .
tr	NNS	Flames roared around me .
tr	NN	The clamor and drumming that followed Kaza 's speech caused the hollow building to tremor .
tr	NN	The moist tip of his tongue outlined her bottom lip .
tr	NN	" Your reflection is just as clear as mine in the mirror there .
tr	NNS	The items within the boxes appeared to be what Kimbra had said .
tr	NN	The language that was forcefully imposed upon Galaxy administrators after Federation conquest .
tr	NN	" What 's Bur 's objection ? "
tr	NN	It didn 't matter where she stuck her fingers , on her wrists or neck , there was no beating beneath them .
tr	NNS	The villagers were starting to reappear , slowly making their way out of their huts and from the forest into the clearing .
tr	NNS	The one token he 'd given her Daren had taken away from her .
tr	NN	This theory would only be plausible if all six assumptions were proven true .
tr	NNS	Thoughts raced through my mind .
tr	NNS	" There are many items which could help us , for example , a toothbrush , skin cells from clothing , blood , a hairbrush .
tr	NNS	But some misgivings had begun to form .
tr	NNS	Her killer instincts were showing .
tr	NNS	The scrambled eggs were runny .
tr	NNS	Skilled servants , numbering in scores , and well rewarded , toiled with ease and facility at the tasks of his grounds .
tr	NN	That very indifference , however , terrified her .
tr	NN	In two strides the Ancient stretched from the brush and out into the open .
tr	NNS	The smartest minds on Earth required months to begin pulling their language together , and even then it was broken at best .
tr	NNS	Neon signs in different colors and designs proclaimed their names .
tr	NN	The ritual unfolded exactly as it ought , and as the congregation knelt and stood in unison , I felt a deep calm wash over me .
tr	NN	The beak opened , showing a human face inside .
tr	NN	Worse than the feeling of being laughed at was Clary 's absolute conviction that he hadn 't been sitting there five minutes ago .
tr	NN	the chaplain asked , preparing to give her his best appalled expression .
tr	NN	" It keeps me useful , " the archer answers .
tr	NNS	The gusts snapped his tunic as he heaved it in .
tr	NN	The hustle and bustle of Boston in the distance was completely foreign to him .
tr	NNS	The villagers were in shock .
tr	NN	A loud boom shook through the ship , shaking more frost atop them .
tr	NN	His resolve to stay away from her was quickly eroding in the rain of her presence .
tr	NNS	His first efforts will be to keep himself in power .
tr	NN	No hardship , there ; the pious life you led on Earth , should help you keep a level head .
tr	NNS	The pills didn 't make me feel . "
tr	NN	The psycho was chanting some sort of worship to the gems .
tr	NNS	His sobs became louder , deeper , and she held him tighter as he allowed himself to grieve .
tr	NNS	As early as their first argument , accusations over what she 'd done to him would surely come up .
tr	NNS	The apples , the pears ... " The sweet fragrance of the orchard engulfed Mad Dog , filled his senses .
tr	NNS	Things were popping off from ammunition and fuel going off but we circled around and checked .
tr	NNS	Those old , unsubstantiated accusations in the unsolved murder of a prostitute , accusations that had ended his career early , had come back to haunt him .
tr	NNS	Like the glow from a hot iron on the hunter 's forge , the depths of the crater glowed a bright red-orange .
tr	NN	The injection of rumors and key elements of their prepared story into Colony 's grapevine would tie this issue down .
tr	NNS	All the salient facts lined up , but moreover , there were too many other pieces of evidence .
tr	NN	My tether was back .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of her father were worst of all .
tr	NN	The hawk sitting in the corner of the boat shuffled his wings .
tr	NNS	Gramps rubs a dirty hand across my forehead .
tr	NNS	Their tongues mingled , making her dizzy .
tr	NN	If she did the routine twice , the exercise ought to tire her out .
tr	NNS	Others call us heroes .
tr	NNS	Others were suffering far more than she .
tr	NN	' Anyone , ' Love said .
tr	NN	His entire vocal mechanism was different from what it had been previously .
tr	NN	The examiner wondered if finding the volume was worthy of a tick for effort .
tr	NN	The mountain was actually a dormant volcano , sleeping since ages past .
tr	NN	His first thrust took my breath away , making me anxious for the next .
tr	NNS	There are no signs of forced entry , no broken windows , no opened locks on the windows , no nothing .
tr	NNS	He hoped she 'd stay , hoped they could explore the possibilities .
tr	NNS	Others have tried this path .
tr	NNS	Wings unfurled , seeming to take up the whole room .
tr	NNS	Then there was Maris .
tr	NN	However , an additional little intelligence payoff would go nicely with what he already had from the meeting .
tr	NNS	Black iron bars stretched across the window , and I knew they were for me .
tr	NNS	After what seemed like an eternity , the committee members began to shuffle back into the room .
tr	NNS	His cheekbones looked more prominent .
tr	NN	" The arrival of the life mate tends to rejuvenate an immortal .
tr	NN	Some odd quirk of her nature refused to let her believe he didn 't want her , not when she loved him so desperately .
tr	NNS	As Simon clasped his hands , his digits disappeared with crisp gray feathers in their place .
tr	NNS	Several minutes later , footsteps sounded across the wooden floor , and Noah joined me at the window .
tr	NN	The footman carried one across the room and laid it in my outstretched hand .
tr	NN	Sweat curved trails down the sides of my face .
tr	NNS	Then , a silver Mercedes pulled into a spot near the door .
tr	NNS	And there were other signs .
tr	NNS	The male creatures stood in front of their women , weapons drawn .
tr	NNS	Former associates , a few La Cosa Nostra , testified to tales of mayhem , while shop owners and unlucky bystanders swore to what they knew .
tr	NN	The sharp click of heels rushed down the hallway and Aurora slid around the corner .
tr	NNS	But her designs were debuting in Paris and she had a plan for her future .
tr	NNS	Others may think it strange he did not require sustenance .
tr	NNS	The media called it satanic again .
tr	NNS	His first investments were in houses he bought , fixed up , and then flipped for a sizeable profit .
tr	NNS	Their stomachs were full long before the basket was empty .
tr	NN	No hawk is successful at every cast , on this occasion the merlin missed .
tr	NNS	All the philosophers and evangelists in the world might not have done the job so neatly .
tr	NN	Also , definitely get Simon a satin cape .
tr	NNS	Others just fled at his sight .
tr	NN	The shadowy grotto had disappeared .
tr	NNS	His misgivings made sense .
tr	NN	There is not a decent socialist value in any of their policies .
tr	NN	Her bubbly personality and witty charm reminded him of a nurse he used to know , the only real friend he had ever had .
tr	NNS	Nerves jumped inside her and Casey suddenly felt as though she couldn 't draw enough air into her lungs .
tr	NN	" There 's no hardship . "
tr	NNS	The helmets use a simple tongue and key locking system .
tr	NN	There 's a staccato of muted thumps as heavy limbs buffet the dome 's exterior .
tr	NNS	Writing novels is a journey every time , and I am very excited you could be a part of it .
tr	NN	His technique was one of confident expertise .
tr	NN	The mere chaos will feed into their frenzy . "
tr	NNS	Those meetings had been brief and incredibly tense .
tr	NNS	Below , the technicians busy themselves while Warrior looks away with distance contemplative blue eyes .
tr	NN	There was the rustle of leaves as the pair moved off .
tr	NNS	His many squid tentacles brushed over the piles of broken rubble as he glided across the floor .
tr	NN	Your mate expressed to me in very clear terms her strong desire to see you back safely . "
tr	NN	Part of being friends with Karou was resignation to never really knowing her .
tr	NN	That lone curl had fallen across his forehead again .
tr	NN	Every so often a puff of smoke escaped into the room leaving a shadowy trail on the wall above the fire .
tr	NNS	" Your language skills aren 't too bad after all . "
tr	NNS	The hundred-year-old surgery twins moved to the top of my " most creepy people alive " list .
tr	NN	" The trick is knowing who you really are , but not letting anybody else see it . "
tr	NNS	The ladies are always trying to corner me ... you know , get me alone ... " I trailed off and left her to her imagination .
tr	NNS	The tiles merged into the lawn .
tr	NNS	Adara 's followers never made sacrifices , shunned drunkenness , magic , and violence , and sought to bring others into the light of their church .
tr	NN	Having a tiny island of safety amidst the chaos was inspiring .
tr	NNS	Looks like you might like it . "
tr	NN	His lust manifested in her thoughts .
tr	NN	The stench of horse in this room is overpowering . "
tr	NNS	The vamps were using students to do their research for them .
tr	NN	The stylist had pinned part of my hair up , letting loose curls fall around my face and down my back .
tr	NNS	She could hear the steady drip of water echoing off hard walls , smell the musty dampness in the air .
tr	NNS	And pigs can fly .
tr	NNS	The contents of the trunk were the main thing !
tr	NN	No value whatsoever . "
tr	NNS	The creatures spread out , flying east , flying toward where they stood watching in dumbstruck awe .
tr	NNS	Suspicious explained that while a tad extreme , this was necessary for all of their sanity .
tr	NN	" But the sentiment stands .
tr	NN	The warrior is in poor shape .
tr	NN	The back yard was essentially a long sweeping lawn with pockets of ruddy sand dunes and rocks running into the wild ocean .
tr	NN	A theory formed in my mind .
tr	NN	A bullet wouldn 't breach a Warden 's skin .
tr	NN	However , her family 's welfare still remained much on her mind , always wondering where and how they were .
tr	NN	My father-in-law was so right when he asked me to wait a little with the police .
tr	NNS	The duchess grinned , revealing a captivating smile that hid her advanced years .
tr	NN	The only option I had was to try to use my feet .
tr	NNS	The four members from research and information paled at this : even Michaels , who keenly remembered the biochemical agent .
tr	NNS	All eight cylinders came to life as the Jeep roared into the left shoulder .
tr	NNS	Others , like Nick 's , were softer or had faded due to being away from home for so long .
tr	NN	" Good morning to you too , sunshine , " she heard Nia 's disgustingly happy voice .
tr	NN	Our guardian , the executor of our estate , lives in the Bird House at present . "
tr	NN	" I will not let you kill yourself , Miss , " the priest yells as they tumble together , awkwardly .
tr	NNS	The traitorous thought reared up before I could stop it .
tr	NN	There was a benefit , I think , although I suffered through it . "
tr	NN	" Open the door , " came the command .
tr	NN	Giving what he hoped was a reassuring bark , Reyes backed away from the edge of the pit .
tr	NN	Even chivalry was alive and well in tough New York cops .
tr	NN	" He might have tried to shoot himself when he jumped off the bridge , " offered the other policeman .
tr	NNS	Aiden 's nostrils flared as fury crept over his face .
tr	NN	If that alligator has been around so long , there is only one explanation .
tr	NN	There was so much passion in the single word that she found it hard to swallow .
tr	NN	The grunt handed one to me , kept one himself and handed out the other three .
tr	NNS	Flowers sent out a sweet array of fragrances as bees bobbed in and out of their blossoms .
tr	NN	The greatest meltdown in break up history .
tr	NNS	Things were all starting to come together now .
tr	NN	The fur slowly melted from the beast 's body .
tr	NNS	All seventy-five floors of the Columbia Center were lit , as was the Smith Tower .
tr	NN	" The unit is for sale , but I have yet to get the name of the client .
tr	NN	The auditorium was already full of demons .
tr	NN	The captain following him , Chancey ambled to a nearby pub , deserted at this time of morning .
tr	NNS	And both Mary 's siblings had settled down in New York City as they each pursued successful careers .
tr	NN	One whole bookcase held nothing but books arranged by subject and periodicals neatly placed in order by date .
tr	NNS	' Things like the Give the Dean a Huge Bag of Money Goblin ? '
tr	NN	The appointed committee sat silently , slack-jawed .
tr	NN	If that were the case , the total value of the ticket after taxes , more or less , probably exceeded forty to fifty thousand dollars .
tr	NNS	Rufus stood smirking amid the suddenly frozen group of werewolves .
tr	NN	A veil of sweat lined his skin , and the stale air choked his breath .
tr	NN	A pit weighted in my stomach as I settled back onto my own bed .
tr	NN	An elderly gentleman dressed in a black turtleneck and black slacks and a sport coat stood slowly .
tr	NNS	There were significant consequences in that and all played out by her .
tr	NNS	" Their letters of marque would give them immunity to that law . "
tr	NN	Her wiry sandy tail slapped Canute 's face .
tr	NN	The liquid within it was orange and blue and was swirling in a constant eddy .
tr	NNS	The Native Americans call him the trickster - the one who brought chaos down on the world . "
tr	NNS	But the younger generations were more careful than their ancestors .
tr	NNS	But before I could find a hole in the crowd , the strains of his mellow acoustic guitar glided above the heads of the crowd .
tr	NN	Part of her felt bad for killing an animal but what upset her the most was the fact that she didn 't recognize herself anymore .
tr	NN	But enough chit chat , all of you over there . "
tr	NN	Why 's there tape over my mouth ?
tr	NNS	My heart thuds loudly .
tr	NN	The original concrete shield was already crumbling , meant only as a short-term fix , and that was twenty years ago .
tr	NNS	Cassius kept his tone light and friendly .
tr	NN	" Morning , " she mumbled , then flinched as she tried to move .
tr	NN	The liquid shown translucent amber .
tr	NNS	The nurses said he was having a bad day . "
tr	NN	" Answer me , " Jackson commanded , his voice low but his expression thunderous .
tr	NN	The good lieutenant had made the tenth floor into a command station and his soldiers were already packing up the electronic equipment .
tr	NN	The kidnapper just walked out of here !
tr	NN	My belly sank to my toes .
tr	NN	He kept gazing at me , the amused smile never leaving his lips .
tr	NNS	The ladies in the visitor 's center directed us just down the road to a diner that served buffalo burgers .
tr	NN	Her morning routine was off-kilter , and her mind had decided to wake itself up fully by way of protest .
tr	NN	The thief took a few more strides before he hit the ground .
tr	NNS	The dominance fights in this Shifter enclave must be horrific .
tr	NNS	Cars go by , and buses , but I don 't want to risk those .
tr	NN	" The mayor of Perimeter 1 loved the product and he has given us his signature in support . "
tr	NNS	Horus must have somehow bound his mouth once more .
tr	NNS	My leads were disappearing faster than I could track them down ; that didn 't bode well for Kat .
tr	NNS	" No more awful potions , no more miracle solutions cooked up in Dr. Wilson 's lab .
tr	NN	Despair wouldn 't get her out of this .
tr	NNS	Their kisses until now had been all about sex , and desperate need .
tr	NNS	Toxic fumes exuded from every pore .
tr	NN	The First Nun 's habit quivered as she shook her head .
tr	NNS	Looks like you could use a break .
tr	NN	My secret hoard of inconvenient money suddenly stopped being inconvenient .
tr	NNS	Doors opened as I strode down the corridor .
tr	NNS	Many attempts to wipe the Zionists off the face of the earth had failed up to this point .
tr	NN	A blush brushed my cheeks .
tr	NNS	The elevators were as old as the building and took forever to arrive .
tr	NNS	The only villain action figures I could get made were Diablo and Night Lord , because they 're both dead .
tr	NN	Adriana 's pulse kicked up even more .
tr	NNS	Several more Guards fol owed Lucian and the woman , who I realized was the other Minister .
tr	NNS	With the exception of the book room and the clock and radio room , all the galleries on the upper floor were virtually the same .
tr	NNS	Out of the hallway , aisles broke off into a confusing maze of bureaus .
tr	NN	The soup steamed quickly as there was just a small amount left in the bottom .
tr	NNS	The twins bounced over to the mirror above the sink .
tr	NNS	My eyelids closed , and I chewed at my bottom lip .
tr	NNS	Besides , the parking spaces here are tiny .
tr	NN	This sentence is to be carried out immediately . "
tr	NNS	His kisses turned desperate and demanding .
tr	NNS	The little night creatures were beginning to make their sounds again , having decided the big night creatures weren 't going to attack .
tr	NNS	The wolves moved in slowly , cautiously , until Lina shouted at them to get back but it was too late .
tr	NNS	And my worries were clear and strong .
tr	NN	The stench of dead wet smoke lingered along the trail even though there were no actual clouds of smoke in sight .
tr	NN	" A database bigger than the Internet ? "
tr	NNS	Once they learned of it , the other council members knew what it meant as well .
tr	NN	Though she exercised occasionally , that exercise never included stamina training and running up freaking dunes .
tr	NNS	My surroundings were unfamiliar .
tr	NN	A few seconds later , the trio entered his bedroom , shoving the thick wooden door out of the way .
tr	NNS	The shouts were louder as she tore through a yard and around to the back of a house .
tr	NN	Her instinct was to launch at him with her fingernails , but she might actually do him physical damage .
tr	NN	The hail of rounds through the storefront had suddenly stopped , but not the gunfire .
tr	NN	Had his uncle grown forgetful in his old age ?
tr	NNS	The strands are a tangled mess right now , but Calder doesn 't seem to mind .
tr	NN	There was a scar across the palm of his hand , too , looking new and harsh .
tr	NNS	Those chains would have traveled up slots on either side of the black rectangle above her .
tr	NN	This little brat had wasted enough of her time already , and now she was ready to tear her to pieces , and make her suffer .
tr	NNS	If the dome falls , the tunnels will be our last concern . '
tr	NNS	Folks say you was married .
tr	NN	Luckily , the shield wasn 't fully deactivated .
tr	NN	A boom like a thousand strikes of lightning shook the world around him .
tr	NN	All traces of that shyness were gone , set in its place a steely determination as she lifted her chin high .
tr	NN	His clothing was even plainer than the War Chief 's .
tr	NNS	" What I didn 't lose on the house , the attorney 's fees are eating up .
tr	NN	Love u. I slide my phone shut .
tr	NN	The chant was familiar .
tr	NNS	Screams and cheers erupted and Mac started his music as they yelled .
tr	NN	The monitor 's beeping dove from a constant beep to deep electronic thuds .
tr	NN	That brisk fall sunshine was pouring in through his windows .
tr	NNS	Dragging footsteps came from behind .
tr	NNS	The changes , however , were drastic .
tr	NN	" The Lincoln Bedroom , " the agent said .
tr	NNS	Turning back to the big guy , she noticed he was staring at her , his dark sunglasses finally removed .
tr	NNS	" Black dwarves are notoriously reliable and honest .
tr	NN	The full import of the possibility hadn 't hit her .
tr	NN	The justice rose and proceeded back through the double doors .
tr	NNS	All their hopes and dreams lay at his feet , like he would be able to change centuries of hell .
tr	NN	The hesitation of the advancing force vanished entirely , as nearly eight hundred throats erupted in a simultaneous bellow of raw hostility .
tr	NN	An angel had come before and an angel had come again , and an angel was here .
tr	NN	Meanwhile , the Hand intertwined its fingers with his and they began twiddling thumbs .
tr	NN	The dog 's tail dropped .
tr	NN	Sweet Dove had pulled them out of the Starlin masked ball so that he still wore his Roman military costume complete with breastplate .
tr	NN	The sheriff grabbed them and hustled them off to the side , then unlocked Shane 's cell .
tr	NNS	Upstairs , safely inside , I locked the six locks on the door and pushed a table in front of the door .
tr	NN	Suddenly there was a hasty exchange of whispers between Wendel and Amalia .
tr	NN	Forward momentum makes me break the connection .
tr	NN	Somehow , television and the film industry had not prepared me for the mundane satisfaction of detecting a thief .
tr	NNS	" Things were better . "
tr	NN	A sob tore up Aly 's throat , and she thrashed , struggling to break away .
tr	NNS	There were more than forty thousand objects in the collection , everything from ancient Egyptian artifacts to contemporary American paintings .
tr	NN	But there is another canoe on this lake and it is coming my way .
tr	NN	A crude attempt to make him lose face among his peer group , all of whom still respected him in spite of everything .
tr	NN	The hunger is already kindling inside of me , growing louder .
tr	NNS	Muscles flexed grotesquely , contracting and extending .
tr	NNS	" Things were different at the time . "
tr	NN	Then his pulse soared when a trailing step brushed against the bedding draped over the mannequin torsos .
tr	NNS	But my credentials as a narrator aside , we have a much more pressing situation to deal with .
tr	NNS	Department stores donned Christmas decorations while our pantries were still full of Halloween candy and we smiled .
tr	NNS	There are some more experiences that I desire in order to really feel something I have recently imagined .
tr	NNS	All the versions of darkness blended into one another .
tr	NN	The master is the only one that appears lived in .
tr	NNS	It was snowing so hard now , the wipers were having trouble keeping up .
tr	NN	A mass of recruits had already gravitated to the Whites .
tr	NN	Wouldn 't a nice fat fly taste delicious about now ? '
tr	NNS	The figures intrigued Toby .
tr	NN	If this had been a real-life operation , that lapse could have cost a life .
tr	NN	The bullet exited the barrel breaking the sound barrier whilst spiralling towards its target .
tr	NN	My beautiful , ditzy , love kitten wasn 't dead after all .
tr	NN	The old bum stepped past Judd and led the way through the trees .
tr	NN	Then came my family 's dock , the Vader 's dock at their house , and finally the marina .
tr	NN	Well where does that quarter of a day go before the leap year ?
tr	NNS	Are all werewolves Scottish ?
tr	NNS	Their hugs made a tear or two come down my face too .
tr	NN	The fleet command loved him and his record was spotless .
tr	NNS	Forty-one e-mails had generated seventeen replies .
tr	NNS	Her trousers came next .
tr	NN	" Yet more proof that your youth doesn 't preclude you from being wise . "
tr	NNS	Flowers are for girls , not Zug .
tr	NN	Of course , Ryan took her bags from her , then held the door open for her , always the perfect gentleman .
tr	NNS	There were many factors involved .
tr	NNS	The captains would have gone to prison , or perhaps shot as traitors . "
tr	NN	Memory held its prey with the shackles that only the guilt-ridden can forge .
tr	NN	Our exchange was short however , and I doubted Talbott or Kiran would have understood it even if they saw a look pass between us .
tr	NNS	Good roads b -- " " Build a better country , yes , " the old sage finished .
tr	NNS	' Yes , sir ' and ' no , sir ' to us and just simple casual talk to the others , nothing more . "
tr	NNS	Others prefer to visit a tavern and drink to the setting of the sun .
tr	NNS	The strands of the Knot show through the wound , with the ominous blue-black Nothingness gleaming between the loops and whorls and tangles .
tr	NNS	Classes must have let out , because the halls began to flood with girls .
tr	NN	An idiot puppet implementing policies that he knows are wrong and immoral .
tr	NNS	Her characters never had trouble keeping on track .
tr	NN	A quake traveled from the top of her head to the bottom of her feet .
tr	NN	That rope really cuts .
tr	NNS	What were the specifics of why he was there ?
tr	NNS	Surely there are some medical facilities here and they 'll get him seen to ? '
tr	NNS	Flames crackled in the night .
tr	NN	The tapping grew louder and Harold stepped back .
tr	NN	Morning had come and gone , and now an afternoon storm beat outside .
tr	NN	William 's marriage and subsequent resignation is a blessing I treasure .
tr	NN	His lack of discomfort disappointed her a little .
tr	NNS	The other competitors shuffled along , following Cain 's path .
tr	NN	His Russian accent grew even thicker as he continued with his story .
tr	NN	A difficult entry point .
tr	NN	The gloom before him came alive with tiny red specks of glinting light .
tr	NNS	Maks was not one of those selected to go and he approached the open passenger 's - side window .
tr	NN	She had an excellent father as well , a revered troll considered by many to be a sage .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of her sleeping near him got him up from his chair for a cup of coffee .
tr	NN	" Peter was telling me his grandmother 's a real kick , too .
tr	NNS	Sirens wailed in the distance and grew louder as they approached .
tr	NNS	How much rope left ? "
tr	NN	" Ah , learning a foreign language can be so very difficult .
tr	NN	Only a mountain goat would have a shot at scaling it in the best of places .
tr	NNS	The aesthetic properties of the journal couldn 't be accidental ; it was an academic piece of art .
tr	NN	A lamp perched beside a clock on the bedside table and a vase filled with yellow and orange daisies sat on top of a chest of drawers .
tr	NNS	24 Siri 's servants clustered around her uncertainly as she walked into the chaotic room .
tr	NN	The ghoul had ripped open his throat .
tr	NN	The desk sergeant seemed a little put out by this response and his tone became decidedly trite .
tr	NNS	He was reaching for one of several full water buckets the servants had left behind .
tr	NNS	Three nurses were talking to each other further along the corridor but the area immediately outside was empty .
tr	NN	But these were desperate times , his command and judgment didn 't carry the power or respect that it once had .
tr	NN	He held on tight and thrust in and out of her , his mouth ravishing hers while his hands cupped her firm behind .
tr	NNS	Things keep going from bad to worse . "
tr	NN	So when the mall is doing well , the landlord shares the extra income . "
tr	NN	From what he could see , the backyard was worse than the front .
tr	NNS	A few flicks to the touchscreen opened a list of the files .
tr	NNS	My little subconscious ' comical characters appear once more .
tr	NNS	The figures still came .
tr	NNS	Muscles developed by years of hard ranch work padded his shoulders and chest and his stomach was taut with ridges of toned sinew .
tr	NN	He is a nice young man -- or rather , there 's no malice in him .
tr	NNS	A few quick calculations , and I saw that the boundary was not really that far in his world .
tr	NNS	' My ancestors built the house over three hundred years ago .
tr	NN	The pond makes Murdock 's ranch a special place for me too .
tr	NN	The leader of my group was a man that looked to be about my age , but he was definitely much older .
tr	NNS	Then the large , pale yellow tiles that lined the road in front of me came into focus .
tr	NNS	In return , our ancestors vowed to care for the trees and guard them against those who would destroy them . "
tr	NN	Their leader needed to be strong .
tr	NN	" How does a widow take care of a baby ?
tr	NNS	The only essentials they needed to keep going .
tr	NN	The mate weighed anchor and the captain went into the wheelhouse and put the boat in gear .
tr	NN	All the things Kellan heard from the scientist himself .
tr	NN	" No serial numbers per se , but these fit the description .
tr	NN	But that bastard is mine .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared slightly , and I knew he was sensing his surroundings , prepared .
tr	NN	The sob in me rose higher and higher .
tr	NN	As the years passed and Apollo failed to return to the Atlantean queen to father another heir , her hatred of him grew .
tr	NNS	Yet images swam before her eyes like planets in the sky , and Alice 's scared , white face came into view .
tr	NN	Any second-year law student could give this speech .
tr	NN	Part of her envied Nika 's ability to let go and rail at the world .
tr	NN	A blond pony tail poking out of an old cap with a " Ritz Carlton - Amelia Island " logo seemed to identify her as American .
tr	NN	A pit formed in Janelle 's stomach as she remembered .
tr	NN	The newcomer turned to us .
tr	NN	The troublemaker wheeled around and lurched sideways .
tr	NNS	The drapes have never matched the rug .
tr	NN	Shane 's palette had to remain clear .
tr	NN	The pane almost immediately disappeared .
tr	NNS	His kisses were rough and desperate , his tongue matching the pace of his thrusts .
tr	NN	a choir of voices asked in the room .
tr	NNS	High cheekbones offset ice blue eyes in a face as young as Lilly 's .
tr	NN	Gareth walked quickly through the forest trail , Firth beside him , his hood pulled over his head , despite the heat .
tr	NN	The conflict with the mother caused the Molotov to fall on the ignited lighter , causing the house to start getting engulfed in flames .
tr	NN	On my lap was a tablet .
tr	NNS	But then , wickedness of any kind caused a separation with the Most High .
tr	NN	The thief gauged the distance .
tr	NN	Ferry kept his office too dim .
tr	NN	At last the Resistance could regain control of Kyrenia .
tr	NNS	Other codes included more tongue-in-cheek references to Wizard of Oz memorabilia , given that the Tin Man was Fletcher 's assassin alias .
tr	NNS	" We will make peace , " al ' Thor said .
tr	NN	These crosses are all markers .
tr	NN	The castle on the hill was large - and surprisingly lovely .
tr	NN	The misery on their faces cut at Clary 's heart .
tr	NN	Reality wasn 't that good .
tr	NNS	Hands presented for my shaking , along with the polite mention of a call that would never come .
tr	NNS	Our technicians in this room won 't be able to stop them , once they cut through our doors . "
tr	NNS	The golden gates gleamed , even in the dim light of the murky day they shined from the hours spent polishing them .
tr	NNS	Cappy 's letters to the family served two purposes .
tr	NN	" The network guy .
tr	NN	My Ma does her best , but she misses Father terribly , as do we all .
tr	NNS	The speeches were sort of dull really , because they were all the same .
tr	NN	The glint of the silver pocketknife shines in her hand .
tr	NN	That all you have seen and heard and been is nothing but illusion , the observation of another 's life ?
tr	NN	The sage clicked his tongue , gaining her attention once more .
tr	NNS	The countess stiffened slightly as she turned to her daughter with an imploring look in her eyes .
tr	NN	The younger runner hurtles round like a hare and posts a time of 46 seconds and runs off scratch .
tr	NNS	Images of Eris using her powers seemed to motivate me .
tr	NN	They wouldn 't be the first people who were late and they probably wouldn 't be the last , no pun intended .
tr	NN	A cough rattled in his chest .
tr	NN	Only when ready , mommy says , only when old .
tr	NN	Every square inch of you , Lily .
tr	NNS	The next day 's headlines glared back at him .
tr	NNS	Things had changed and so far , Savannah did not like it .
tr	NNS	There were no cameras in the room and no obvious listening devices .
tr	NN	A resounding clatter of metal striking metal snapped his attention around , and he realized she had disappeared from his view .
tr	NN	The construction unit said , " We will accept both and we will consider an alliance with you . "
tr	NN	When they reached the top of the clearing the leader stopped and turned around .
tr	NN	The first honorary degree from a major university had given him a thrill of vindication .
tr	NNS	The best ideas come to your mind when you don 't expect them .
tr	NNS	His short , rapid bursts of breaths matched her own .
tr	NN	There is an entry hatch on the top of the vessel on the far starboard side , or south of where Ike dropped us off .
tr	NNS	The new arrivals stood quietly inside the door as if they were about to engage in a duet .
tr	NN	A hard warrior who risked death so she could protect all her tiny human kin .
tr	NN	finally asked her classmate , giggling .
tr	NN	H Company commander reports he needs help handling the number of prisoners .
tr	NN	" Ah , Mr. President , " the agent said , " I was just saying , I 've been monitoring the conditions on the surface .
tr	NNS	" Some stores in town also deliver .
tr	NN	The term of endearment warms my heart and I feel more courageous to move forward .
tr	NN	The absence of flowers piqued Denise 's curiosity .
tr	NNS	" The ads wiped out most of the war chest .
tr	NNS	Actual dinosaurs had bones and could bleed . "
tr	NN	Love must indeed have magical powers .
tr	NNS	Reyes , you 're feeling it again , aren 't you ?
tr	NN	There was a creak like a galleon beating against a gale .
tr	NNS	" Family meetings " weren 't something our family did very often .
tr	NN	" Not a bad haul for your fifth birthday , binoculars and a football , " she said , taking a bite of cake .
tr	NN	The determination in his voice made me stare at him .
tr	NNS	Their meetings were completely innocent .
tr	NN	The rag hit the floor along with her composure .
tr	NN	My grandmother could have hit that , Abby .
tr	NNS	Shouts and prodding spears made it very clear that the prisoners ' break was over .
tr	NN	" What TV shows ? "
tr	NN	The warrior cringes behind us , much as I would if confronted with a specter from mankind 's evolutionary past .
tr	NN	The liquid smelled awful .
tr	NNS	On both sides of the hall openings in the walls allowed the air to circulate but only sluggishly .
tr	NNS	Several doorways led off from the main hall on both sides .
tr	NNS	Their clients certainly weren 't in their offices , so no item of business could ever be finalized until the first week of January .
tr	NN	The dark lord has sacrificed his power for a drastic speed advantage .
tr	NNS	Of course once in a while alligators think they can crawl aboard and share the space .
tr	NNS	There were no further cues required .
tr	NNS	The areas around the pool are heavily wooded and almost impossible to drive through .
tr	NNS	There were fairies , both flying and not , giants , dwarves , trolls , and humans of every size .
tr	NN	The ramp slid out from beneath the ship and Malik descended with us following at his sides .
tr	NNS	" Things are fine . "
tr	NN	The teacher darted a few concerned glances at Lucy , but apparently decided to leave her alone .
tr	NNS	The spirit warriors turned the dogs against their masters and then brought a mighty infestation of bats up from the cliff caverns .
tr	NNS	Now both ladies had his card ; each read hers intently .
tr	NNS	Stress levels at work rose from downsizing and staffing issues , plus a corporate merger with another bank .
tr	NNS	The warning signs were all very apparent now that I knew what I did and I was actually confronting this .
tr	NNS	Maris had called her mother , briefly filled her in on what had happened and told her she was getting married .
tr	NN	George 's sales pitch disappointed Zach , though it wasn 't a complete surprise .
tr	NN	" My maid must have just gone out . "
tr	NNS	There were big rats everywhere , on the floor , on boxes , clinging to the walls .
tr	NN	The lease was in her mothers ' name and there was a ' no right of succession ' clause in it .
tr	NNS	But hey beggars cannot be choosy . "
tr	NN	She ' l say the only thing she needs assistance fending off is handsome suitors . "
tr	NN	Review ( UK ) " Wow what a thriller , a total page turner !
tr	NNS	The commands devolved into ... screams .
tr	NNS	Rayford 's writings had much to say that would help them along those lines .
tr	NN	A great roar came , and then all was quick and blinding .
tr	NN	" Ok , then you can come over .
tr	NNS	Hands wrapped around his waist and helped him to his feet .
tr	NNS	His shyness meant that he often came across as aloof and snobbish .
tr	NNS	The lizards , it seemed , had learned the futility of assaulting wild furies and were quick to avoid those the trio had brought with them .
tr	NN	Her blush was lovely and he hated to let her go , but he had dinner to cook .
tr	NN	No sacrifice is too great .
tr	NN	" But the deputy didn 't say one way or another . "
tr	NN	At 6pm , window shopping finished , he found a chain restaurant in Eastgate , with Italian style menu , and went in and ordered .
tr	NNS	His spies , I gathered .
tr	NNS	" Don 't be crazy , " said Summer and something meaningful passed between the sisters .
tr	NNS	From workplace meetings and city centre assemblies and world-wide television networks .
tr	NN	Her sexy red gown was in a heap on the floor .
tr	NNS	" I mean , just look at this detail : Multiple floors , staircases , doorways .
tr	NN	Rachel 's glee was immediate .
tr	NN	Her mum 's side , " said a male Sky Raider warrior .
tr	NN	The air duct rattled harder .
tr	NNS	Thoughts and emotions are swirling around in my head .
tr	NN	The introduction completed and she greeted the spotlight .
tr	NN	Then the vows were over .
tr	NN	Daniel practical y licked his lips in anticipation as he eyed me .
tr	NNS	There were ten animal handlers .
tr	NN	A crossing was ahead .
tr	NN	Still , ' t is better than the weight of everyone 's emotions . "
tr	NN	The loud twang vibrated her eardrums .
tr	NNS	Classes must have still been in , because he was not hungry .
tr	NN	The old stone courthouse in downtown Winsor was not air-conditioned , so an already stressful situation was magnified by the heat .
tr	NN	He burst into the room , a Black shield fanned out in front of him to protect the women behind him .
tr	NN	A shy Chinese student with Harry Potter specs on -- fearful of making a mistake .
tr	NN	The setup takes forever , and to show my artistic temperament , I start barking about the time .
tr	NN	A factor which exposed next door 's equally ample greenery .
tr	NN	The bar patrons are now looking at me .
tr	NNS	Things are falling in place , honey .
tr	NNS	Others had died in the same way , all important but not as far-reaching .
tr	NN	" A convent lies just north of the castle .
tr	NN	" Go on in Inspector , " said the dwarf .
tr	NNS	Behind us , the bike messengers and frat boys stood arguing .
tr	NN	The writing appeared to be Mayan , but he did not recognize the symbols .
tr	NN	" Give me the gun or I 'll shoot her again , " the thief told him .
tr	NN	His bullet whizzed past my head and went through the windshield .
tr	NN	" Got ta ' go .
tr	NN	A footman advanced ceremonially toward the target and painted a black circle around the bullet hole so that all could see where it had hit .
tr	NNS	Maybe aliens like him metabolize anesthesia and sedatives differently .
tr	NNS	No , there weren 't thousands like her .
tr	NNS	Collectively , is there not enough smarts between you to figure this out ?
tr	NN	the captain muttered , flabbergasted .
tr	NNS	The Officials lay on the floor motionless before long , and the technology Guardians erect a structure that covers the entrance we came through .
tr	NN	A ramp sloped downwards , turning back onto itself , and on the far side was a cave .
tr	NN	The lantern hit the floor , shattering the glass and causing the oil reservoir inside to spill out onto the wood .
tr	NNS	Girls at the next table over see I 'm sitting with Jack and give me dirty looks .
tr	NNS	Their minds raced with the horrors they imagined , the awful pains he must be enduring .
tr	NNS	Things had calmed considerably , and though a few hearts skipped at the sight of Jaime he was cool as a cucumber .
tr	NN	The murderer took one step forward , two .
tr	NN	Thinking of my life with Cassius had my hope soaring I was starting to see it .
tr	NNS	" Besides , your own helpers seem to corroborate . "
tr	NNS	But new dresses required new underwear too , Carla said , so Anne bought some of that as well .
tr	NNS	If the number had already been disconnected , though , chances were that my father was already back on the run .
tr	NNS	There were bars on his window .
tr	NN	A second 's hesitation and the light pole would have caved in my chest and pierced my heart .
tr	NNS	" And there are the murders and the strange disappearances . "
tr	NN	Then your bitch of a sister robbed me of my fun , so I thought to skin you alive .
tr	NNS	Six wolves sat around the pool , including Grady .
tr	NNS	Questions started to pour in from different creatures as they began to over talk each other .
tr	NN	And her pulse started beating faster .
tr	NN	Part of it is the hope that Cabal 's duty to the army will prevent him from returning .
tr	NNS	The other two aliens returned the glance with an added shrug and fearful expression .
tr	NN	The arcade was only a short distance away .
tr	NNS	On the trees and bivouac supports , scraps of paper hung like limp leaves .
tr	NNS	The more popular letters of the alphabet claimed two or even three hooks .
tr	NNS	There are two splashes of colour : the logo is green , and the body of the guitar is yellow .
tr	NN	The mayor mulled that over .
tr	NN	A devilish smile twisted Robert 's lips .
tr	NN	His amazing honesty meant a two shot penalty which handed Furyk the title and over $ 1m in prize money .
tr	NNS	Myles wished this question wasn 't so transparent , but ... there it was .
tr	NN	There is much damage . "
tr	NNS	Heavy footsteps jogged next to me and I didn 't need to look to see who it was .
tr	NNS	With the spring , my mining operations intensified and I continued piling up gold .
tr	NN	The redhead steered her toward the bar .
tr	NN	A little pulse started to beat between her thighs , and she shifted .
tr	NN	And the bastard 's standing there . "
tr	NN	The tripod was still in her carrying case .
tr	NN	A bullet must have ricocheted off the side , knocking me out cold .
tr	NNS	Maps were spread out on his drawing table , the edges tacked down with candlesticks .
tr	NN	Then , the next night when she took it out , the doll spoke to her .
tr	NN	On the wall opposite her a secretary was making sure a record of the meeting was completed .
tr	NN	Her clothing hoarded the warmth and scent of the bath .
tr	NNS	The bars make a fortune .
tr	NNS	More images showed the two devices projecting outward from dark rectangles in the Grand Hyatt 's glass facade .
tr	NN	A pencil was sticking out of its ribcage .
tr	NNS	" Well , ladies shall we go ?
tr	NNS	Waves of cold seemed to roll off the boat like freezing air off an iceberg .
tr	NNS	Little green flakes fell to the damp earth as I picked away .
tr	NN	The solicitor had come in with the butler , looking ominously grave but sympathetic .
tr	NNS	Chapter Six I stood at an empty blackjack table , cards spread out in a fan before me , waiting for someone to step up .
tr	NNS	The rooms were sparsely furnished and open , the floors a shiny wood I had never seen before .
tr	NN	In that instant , the freighter skipped into the first thin surface of Pandora 's atmosphere .
tr	NN	Then the yelling began .
tr	NNS	How many hits given up ?
tr	NN	A low growl filled the room and he reached up to strip the blazer off my body and peel it down my arms .
tr	NN	The seatbelt constricted , crushing the air from her lungs .
tr	NNS	Plans , ideas , were racing through his head .
tr	NN	A stab through his shoulder shocked him back to awareness , made his breath catch .
tr	NNS	The ladies checked in and sat down in the waiting room .
tr	NNS	There were so many fragmented images , sounds , and thoughts that nothing made sense .
tr	NNS	Gentle creatures as a rule , interested in feeding .
tr	NN	With little opposition , the government mandated augmentation as a requirement for continued federal employment for all of its employees .
tr	NNS	Things like , well ... Della , for instance .
tr	NN	" You can try , " Weldon 's growl was low and menacing .
tr	NNS	Emerging only during a full moon , the wolves stood watch willingly while Undine maidens consummated and gave birth .
tr	NNS	" Things are a little more serious this time , Pol .
tr	NNS	All the fairies and bogeymen , all those stories from the blood and bone of humanity , were not really real .
tr	NN	The castle of Rose City had tall towers .
tr	NNS	The two captains collapsed to the ground , clutching their chests .
tr	NNS	Staff members were working at various points around the complex .
tr	NNS	Tessa 's eyelids flew open .
tr	NNS	" My apologies , " he replied .
tr	NN	" Wow , " the tiny blond called Gillian whispered .
tr	NN	Your government made the decision to cover up our intervention . "
tr	NNS	Red tiles covered the pitched roof , and the shutters and trim were painted a dark green .
tr	NN	Instantly the TV turned off .
tr	NNS	Sadness twisted into a painful knot inside Julian .
tr	NN	There was some justice in the world .
tr	NN	The fiend screamed as the sharp fangs found their mark and then suddenly vanished in a wisp of smoke .
tr	NNS	Behind Haven , the caps of two more containers spun off and fell to the ground .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , my efforts to make contact with Brandon weren 't going well .
tr	NNS	The zombies got my wife . "
tr	NNS	These ideas refused to completely sink into her mind .
tr	NN	" A warrior doesn 't run to her bedroom and hide out after one lost battle . "
tr	NNS	And because her murder was recent , the images were more concrete and vivid , and the sequence seemed to be relatively in order .
tr	NNS	Your statements sounded like criticism . "
tr	NNS	The thin slats broke and the crate came apart in my hands , but his grip relaxed and he collapsed to the ground .
tr	NN	my dancing partner asks .
tr	NNS	While many planets simply didn 't fight and changed governorship of who was ruling them , some planets resisted and fought the Federation fleets and armies .
tr	NNS	The two ran on , passed two more identical openings that were impossible to enter .
tr	NN	When I returned , my potential drinking partner had gone and Nui was in tears .
tr	NNS	Della 's nostrils flared as Grace directed a bright smile at her .
tr	NNS	No spaghetti arms . "
tr	NNS	Gradually , bits of wood began to flake off .
tr	NNS	The binoculars made it seem they lay almost at its mouth , though it was at least fifteen yards away .
tr	NNS	Steaks , burgers , most vegetables , bread , pasta .
tr	NN	Around them fireflies danced and shone , their lights calling out for their own mates .
tr	NN	But immortality is such a great gift that it would only be bestowed on an individual who had something very precious to offer . '
tr	NN	Link reached into his back pocket and pul ed out his trusty gardening shears , snipping the air a few times for good measure .
tr	NNS	Those millions or billions of books lay neatly still .
tr	NN	A light tap sounded at the door and her pulse jumped .
tr	NNS	The colors of the leaves reminded me of the sunset we had viewed from the top of our hill .
tr	NN	The militia sometimes employ rangers as scouts , too .
tr	NNS	The university 's gates had burst open and now the angry mob was in the grounds and hammering on the walls .
tr	NN	At her reaction , his h * ps started to move faster .
tr	NN	The ' bot squawked once in alarm and then quieted .
tr	NN	Reality was setting in and she was taking it hard .
tr	NN	The lead rider leant down , remaining in his saddle .
tr	NNS	Five shrouded figures in dark capes stood in the middle of the yard like they were frozen in time .
tr	NN	In front of the bar stood a gorgeous blonde in a pink dress -- Amy .
tr	NN	This harmless little exercise could have cost us our butts , let 's tighten up our action . "
tr	NNS	Samuel 's footsteps made the wooden floor rattle .
tr	NN	A bullet suddenly flew through Rock 's windshield , throwing bits of glass over his face .
tr	NNS	As the cruiser left the Blues District , ordinary streetlights replaced the blue shadow lights .
tr	NN	The priest continued , " MacDonald uses microsurgery to remove the nucleus from a body cell and then isolates the DNA code .
tr	NNS	Screams of fear and shock erupted , engulfing the waiting room .
tr	NN	An odd hesitation in the question , and the same phrasing a human would use to ask about such a personal subject .
tr	NN	There 's a white knight .
tr	NNS	The networks would have picked it up in a minute . "
tr	NN	And then a cascade of remembrances tumbled forth .
tr	NN	But a spark of reflected light drew her eyes down to her toes .
tr	NNS	Our footsteps echo in the small , empty chamber .
tr	NNS	His dark blue boxers did little to conceal his excitement .
tr	NNS	The Bugs adapted to the cold .
tr	NNS	Watson 's cronies shot it full of holes while you were in it .
tr	NN	His navy blue T-shirt looked wrinkled , and she was almost positive that it didn 't match the track pants he was wearing .
tr	NNS	Images swam in her head , some old , some undefinable .
tr	NN	A hunting owl quite nearly ended my career that time .
tr	NNS	My work uniforms are at home . "
tr	NNS	My mattress caved in from the pressure of his knee , and I squeezed my legs together .
tr	NN	The accent in his voice was more pronounced , but he had no inflection in his voice .
tr	NNS	" Do wolves eat their mates ? "
tr	NN	Now that the silence between us had returned , so did my embarrassment .
tr	NN	The thrill that went through him would stay with him forever at knowing he was the cause for her first explosion .
tr	NN	The writing went well .
tr	NNS	The sobs take over my body , my mind , everything .
tr	NNS	Her father 's retreating footsteps echoed in the hallway , and Hannah sighed with relief .
tr	NNS	Others , though , lay on the ground clutching their wounds , trying to stop the life blood that flowed freely out of their bodies .
tr	NNS	Flames danced over her skin , a million wings fluttered inside her stomach , her womb clenched and muscles tightened .
tr	NN	The castle was no longer visible even to my eyes .
tr	NN	The dusk had since ripened to a thick blackness .
tr	NNS	His first attempts resulted in mere fragments , so he used his hunting knife to dig one out .
tr	NNS	Reyes clenched his hands as he stared at the witch who had cursed his father .
tr	NN	The sheen of the silvery starlight made it look just like an arm , flailing weakly forward , like a tired swimmer struggling for coordination .
tr	NNS	There are two bonus shots that are almost impossible .
tr	NN	Across from him his employer , Mr. Yee , regarded him and held up a slip of yellow paper on which was written a service call .
tr	NN	A roar erupted from the circle of boys around her .
tr	NN	The only snag was her aunt lived far out in the country : it felt like Dreamer was on the other side of Earth .
tr	NN	For some reason , his command to the dog made her angry .
tr	NNS	Even his credit cards were still there .
tr	NNS	At the office the project now completed , the team members were all on what the software industry referred to as ' the bench ' .
tr	NN	This habit amused and exasperated Anya by turns .
tr	NNS	Ten orange pills rested inside .
tr	NNS	The ripples will take some time to reach the shore . "
tr	NN	A steady pumping of his hips followed , and I managed to lick , suck , and take him deep each time .
tr	NN	" If using one 's own blood enhanced the immune system so much reproduction became impossible what would happen if we used other blood instead ?
tr	NN	When we began enforcing them , a small faction decided to break off and start a new coven .
tr	NNS	Then the strands of Black web broke , and she spiraled down into the Darkness and disappeared .
tr	NN	The only consolation he could find was knowing that Nikki was right there with him .
tr	NNS	Looks like so much fun !
tr	NN	The robe fell open below that , revealing a glimpse of thigh .
tr	NN	" The dean gave me the funds to print the article with the same cover as the catalog .
tr	NN	My tray flies , and the remnants of my food scatter , some landing in my hair .
tr	NNS	Hands boasted red cups and bottles , too loud voices and too loud music thumping against Aly 's little car as we slowly passed by .
tr	NN	The rocking silver tube slowed , and the train hissed at yet another stop .
tr	NNS	Their footsteps echoed in the cool air as Elijah led them through a tall set of double wooden doors just as ornate as the front door .
tr	NNS	His pupils looked too big .
tr	NNS	Waves of warmth skimmed along my skin .
tr	NNS	But to Aria , the characters just looked like nonsensical squiggles .
tr	NNS	With a pat on my shoulder , her soft footsteps faded from the room , leaving me alone with my sleeping father .
tr	NNS	Too bad the twins hadn 't .
tr	NNS	" But these websites are toxic and gossipy .
tr	NN	A thrill raced up his spine as he tried to anticipate her reaction , but he had no idea what it would be .
tr	NNS	The scales along her legs , responding to the fear coursing through her body , begin to fuse .
tr	NN	Or was that the other hottie who died ?
tr	NNS	Then his nostrils flared .
tr	NN	" Another legend claims that we descended from wolves and that the wolves are our brothers still .
tr	NNS	2 The appetizers went quicker than the salad did .
tr	NNS	His edges were hard , rough , and complex .
tr	NNS	" Your Highness , " Sonya said .
tr	NN	There was a limit to what you could learn when the people who raised you didn 't know the truth , either .
tr	NN	" My lord , women , especially beautiful ones , generally suffer only one fate in life , whether they be free or slave .
tr	NNS	Lots of people can do this stuff .
tr	NN	The crown bumped against the back of my throat and he groaned .
tr	NN	A girl 's first adult gown is a special garment -- one that she will feel connected to for the rest of her life .
tr	NN	The modern era complicated their hunting tactics .
tr	NNS	Rats scurried from under her and she moaned again , the sound of rushing blood all she could hear .
tr	NN	She started to raise her hand to her lips , belatedly realized Colin caught the movement and then abruptly stopped herself .
tr	NNS	Muscles rippled through his shoulders and chest as he was freed from the shirt and lowered his arms .
tr	NNS	Throughout the volumes were bookmarks , most of them paper strips torn from glossy modern magazines .
tr	NNS	Both wolves stopped their attack .
tr	NNS	Doors littered the floor , shattered glass cracked and splintered beneath their feet .
tr	NN	" If you think that 's unstoppable , you ain 't seen nothin ' yet , " said the clown .
tr	NNS	Or A-list actors between scenes on a movie set .
tr	NNS	The gems aren 't real .
tr	NNS	Others were of different mind , however , and quickly the matter was settled without him .
tr	NNS	The large gems in his many rings sparkled right across the ballroom .
tr	NNS	Gideon 's nostrils twitched as he inhaled the female 's scent .
tr	NN	His unease had grown with this revelation and anger sparked in his eyes .
tr	NN	Clearly , a notion she hadn 't suspected .
tr	NN	You may now drive at the speed limit , " the colonel said to him as the cop watched them pass .
tr	NN	The hound at my side bumped my hand for a pat , as if to remind me that it was real .
tr	NN	My pulse has mostly calmed when James pulls up next to a grassy hill .
tr	NN	Reality didn 't matter .
tr	NNS	Hurricane force winds could easily blow doors in if not , so this was an ordinance .
tr	NN	The senator had put someone in charge of handling them and deciding which , if any , interviews would be beneficial to the campaign .
tr	NNS	" His bouts are always popular .
tr	NNS	He couldn 't shake the image of his sunken face out of his head , especially the way his pupils had gone gray .
tr	NNS	Looks like we 're gon na have to help poor Willy . "
tr	NNS	There were rats behind the stones , being consumed by the terrible heat trapped on the other side .
tr	NNS	Two uniforms arrived first .
tr	NN	A great rumbling arose , and townsfolk poured out from their homes , lining the streets .
tr	NNS	" There are many differences , Gumshoe .
tr	NNS	The footsteps would get louder and louder , banging against the floors of the house .
tr	NNS	The first dark drops of rain began to scatter the pavement , and umbrellas went up to be blown out .
tr	NNS	Questions the inn keeper charging towards Bjorn with a battle axe .
tr	NN	We 'll keep an eye out for others , " the admiral said .
tr	NNS	Somehow , the zombies weren 't attacking him .
tr	NN	The rustle of her clothes snaps Zander back to reality .
tr	NN	The maid was waiting near the curb , talking on a cell phone .
tr	NN	Tread carefully , your reputation is on the line . "
tr	NN	A race of vampires known for their brutality and lack of conscience .
tr	NN	As she leaned her elbows on the bar and picked up her Irish whiskey , Jazz scanned the bar 's patrons in the mirror .
tr	NN	The prey is a sharp bright point skittering across a branch next to me .
tr	NN	Her honesty and sweetness disarmed me in our communications .
tr	NNS	If they had , bras were apparently optional .
tr	NNS	" And signs of fire and flames " someone else added fervently .
tr	NN	Quinn Marshall 's reflection smiled as he pressed the gun deeper into Tanner 's neck .
tr	NNS	Top staff members did , too , in apartments far more comfortable than most of those available outside , in the metropolis .
tr	NN	The sheriff crossed his arms and cocked his head to one side .
tr	NN	Her aura went muddy again and I watched her take a deep breath .
tr	NNS	My fears went beyond the runes and weird supernatural stuff he could do .
tr	NNS	The figures then turned away and sank into the ground , leaving the Vault void of anything save the great sarcophagus and its surrounding statues .
tr	NN	~ * ~ Christmas Eve tradition had always included going over to Alissa 's house for dinner with her family .
tr	NNS	There are a few prostitutes leaning on car doors and men loitering on the sidewalk , or leaning against fences .
tr	NNS	Still , chances were high that he would have carted me back to Nine Crosses .
tr	NN	His growl of approval spurred her on .
tr	NNS	Images of her flashed before his eyes .
tr	NNS	When the ten farthest targets were hit , sirens no longer indicated that anything unusual had happened .
tr	NN	" This venom you speak of is not one that I have ran across . "
tr	NNS	Flowers grew again and the vivid colours were just as beautiful as those in the courtyard .
tr	NN	A gloriously bright triple rainbow arches across the far side of the valley .
tr	NN	If you do everything I tel you to do , he ' l live through this .
tr	NNS	The trap has been tripped now Imhotep , thirty days should be enough to solve it , of course if you don 't there are always consequences .
tr	NN	" Jesus Christ , " the supervisor mumbled in anger .
tr	NNS	Things had moved in a downward spiral after that .
tr	NNS	There were rats walking on two legs .
tr	NN	An eye slit snapped open .
tr	NN	The gold coin twisted apart into two separate pieces , each one with a series of numbers and letters engraved into their surfaces .
tr	NNS	Two more drums joined the first two drummers .
tr	NNS	Icy cold drops poured down his neck and matted his hair against his tunic .
tr	NNS	On the other side of the family , Linda 's paternal grandparents also arrived in the Carolinas , this time from West Scotland 's borderlands .
tr	NNS	Trustworthy messengers who earn their money by ensuring the information they carry is accurate .
tr	NN	The tip of her tongue touched her full lower lip .
tr	NN	At the same time , a cold thrill ran down my spine .
tr	NN	Any idiot can see that .
tr	NN	The dawn came into the hill country .
tr	NN	Nick 's first instinct was to smile back at her , but he shoved any thoughts of humor from his mind .
tr	NNS	Few travelers braved the mists .
tr	NNS	The old oak floors creaked under my feet as I poked around .
tr	NN	What 's the condition of the warrior ? '
tr	NN	There was no ledge , no ladder , no drain pipe .
tr	NNS	Light footsteps on the stairs woke me , what felt like seconds later .
tr	NN	" And the longer the time frame , the lower the particle count ? "
tr	NNS	Several members of the team glanced at each other , obviously confused .
tr	NNS	The eggs come out looking like little noodles . "
tr	NN	My lord did not drink more than three cups all evening .
tr	NNS	The two unopened cases that held the contents of the chests beneath Oak Island rested on that table , and they were just waiting to be opened .
tr	NNS	Naturally , the trains stopped running , so he called me and asked me to give him a ride to the bus station . "
tr	NN	The pasta 's barely soft since we were so nervous about being in the kitchen and making too much noise .
tr	NN	Her explanation was fairly obscure , dealing as it did with the peculiar nature of human memory .
tr	NN	The rider nearly came off , his body actually leaving the seat like something from a cartoon film .
tr	NNS	The two globes danced together , separated , merged .
tr	NNS	" These colors make everything seem so ... happy ! "
tr	NN	My risk factor is 48 % .
tr	NNS	The remaining mercenaries lay as dead men , too terrified to move , hoping they might wake from this nightmare .
tr	NN	The contract from the War Department will state that it is responsible for all repairs , redecoration etc. , to the house itself .
tr	NN	The herald tapped his staff again .
tr	NNS	The roads nearby were completely devoid of people or cars .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of my mother drifted through my mind .
tr	NNS	His fellow Starlin members would be extremely disappointed if they knew the truth , bastards that they were .
tr	NN	" My impending sister-in-law has spoken . "
tr	NN	My boot connected with his jaw and he let out a deep grunt .
tr	NN	Or was my venom intact ?
tr	NNS	To Franz 's disbelief , Jean-Luc 's French documents took the minimal amount of time to process .
tr	NNS	Looks like she 's totaled .
tr	NN	The leader of the band of urchins offered a pert salute , then moving forward he eyed Gideon in a knowing manner .
tr	NN	" That cage Ronan built ?
tr	NNS	At least the other ladies have sense enough to realize that a battlefield is no place for a woman !
tr	NN	So reverse psychology did work .
tr	NNS	Limited resources , four hours of power at a pop , and you waste it playing records ?
tr	NNS	The twins obediently released Scar , but he had already fainted from the pain , sliding on the wall .
tr	NNS	The footsteps have started up again .
tr	NNS	" ... Things to make an elixir at least to slow the poison .
tr	NN	" Bang , there 's a CCTV there . "
tr	NN	That Marino bastard was light-years ahead of me .
tr	NN	A fellow Spartan who joined the team two years after me .
tr	NN	The quiet but firm command stilled her fingers .
tr	NN	" Yes , our eldest is in love .
tr	NNS	After a couple of hours of sprinkling , the drops were beginning to come faster again .
tr	NNS	" Where 'd the ten thousand documents come from ? "
tr	NN	The duke sounded ready to explode .
tr	NN	" Morning Sunshine . "
tr	NNS	There were a few stalls .
tr	NN	The referee blew his whistle and then walked toward the scorer 's table , " Shooting foul on number 35 , green .
tr	NNS	The crew members worked efficiently , joyfully almost .
tr	NN	On the D-Day , the college auditorium was house full .
tr	NN	The bruise formed three sides of the outline of a rectangle : top , side , and bottom .
tr	NN	In the absence of any other diversion , cricket was all they had to fill up the hours between shifts .
tr	NNS	The twins turned around in their seats to face Shelly and Colton .
tr	NNS	Bewildered servants peeked out of rooms inside the manor .
tr	NN	This cold , finite arrangement she 'd made was still more than he 'd dreamed he would have .
tr	NNS	What are the chances ?
tr	NNS	Her designs were good .
tr	NN	My master 's degree had definitely not prepared me for how to evaluate my own problems .
tr	NNS	Little puffs of puzzle gas shot out as the table shook violently .
tr	NN	the priest said urgently .
tr	NN	The shoreline was black with barges , vehicles , equipment and bodies , yes , bodies .
tr	NN	The arrival of the ancient ones in the last group was merely another test .
tr	NNS	" The aunts taught me everything .
tr	NNS	Things weren 't looking good , Mr. Winkler .
tr	NN	Way to go , idiot , I thought to myself .
tr	NN	The medic had already hooked up the necessary tubing , but waited for Quinlan 's approval .
tr	NNS	The hard jaws belied the warmth he was trying to exude .
tr	NNS	The letters were English , but the words made no sense .
tr	NNS	Approaching sirens wailed through the demolished window .
tr	NN	One grown-up would teach them to read and write and ready themselves for the future . "
tr	NN	The maid had been with her for ten years .
tr	NN	The uncertainty of everything makes her feel hopeless .
tr	NN	I couldn 't see Russ anymore , couldn 't even hear his screams over the grinding of the massive machine .
tr	NN	Oldest trick in the book , " Tori said .
tr	NN	Who 's the thief ?
tr	NN	Basically , a high-society livestock show .
tr	NNS	Shadowhunters must know the names of the angels , first because we are of their blood and so we learn their names out of respect .
tr	NNS	" Human resources has the first candidate for the director of shared services position downstairs .
tr	NNS	" The locks came with the door .
tr	NN	It was a black tux and suited him nicely , the tie was a perfect splash of color .
tr	NN	" Part of the property will stay as it is .
tr	NN	The lack of conversation made her uneasy .
tr	NNS	Things that are just as addictive .
tr	NNS	The expressions on the faces of the human children ranged from startled to indignant that she would say such things about them .
tr	NNS	Without alcohol , the villagers are simply unable to keep reality at bay .
tr	NN	The notion of her brother actually concerned about her startled Trinity , and she had to look in her brother 's eyes before she could believe it .
tr	NNS	Other couples and singles sat at a long , curved bar , some with drinks in their hands .
tr	NNS	Since he 's already talked to you about his nature , chances are he 's already choreographed how he 's going to get you onto his side .
tr	NNS	No strings , ' was his response , and he disappeared into the shadows of the trees .
tr	NNS	Things like how special it was when they went on the roof at night and tried to find stars .
tr	NN	There wasn 't an email .
tr	NN	So my reasoning was selfish .
tr	NN	The reverend was right ; he hadn 't minded church that much when he was young .
tr	NN	That same electricity he 'd felt when he 'd kissed her crackled in the air .
tr	NNS	Things went downhill from there .
tr	NNS	' Your efforts to plunge Titan into chaos as on dozens of other worlds have failed .
tr	NN	Part of him desperately wanted to believe Jase was telling the truth .
tr	NNS	" If it 's anywhere near here , chances are you 're right .
tr	NNS	" Souls sometimes arrive here a little messed up .
tr	NN	The bitch has herself well hidden .
tr	NN	The pilot took them to Tennessee .
tr	NN	That mass of new organisation gave him a deep satisfaction .
tr	NN	Jazz stopped at the low counter on the other side of the barrier from them .
tr	NN	The hatch hissed closed behind him .
tr	NNS	As the first three landed , the frogs sprang for the water , colliding with one another in their panicked haste .
tr	NN	The agony on her face reminds me exactly why I didn 't want to let her know .
tr	NN	A young waitress moved her bare legs quickly across the lobby , the heavily embroidered bra was visible behind the white shirt .
tr	NN	" When is the official announcement for the big switch ? "
tr	NNS	His kisses were insistent and biting .
tr	NNS	Because other werewolves would want her .
tr	NNS	Flames leapt off his body to ignite the walls and furniture .
tr	NNS	Violent winds tore through the room .
tr	NNS	Things were different then . "
tr	NNS	Alexis turned off the TV .
tr	NNS	Screams rang in the air .
tr	NNS	Looks like you 're going to graduate without fulfilling yet another dream . "
tr	NNS	" My apologies , Warlord .
tr	NNS	Jewels has invested a lot of effort into learning the proper Commands to use a Lifeless , not to mention learning to maintain the thing . "
tr	NNS	Marius did same , wisely keeping to the opposite wall .
tr	NN	After about an hour , a loudspeaker informed them that lights out would be in thirty minutes and they would all be assigned rooms .
tr	NN	" We ' l see . "
tr	NNS	Reyes stared after her .
tr	NN	No instinct told him he was being watched .
tr	NNS	Things weren 't exactly looking good for the home team .
tr	NNS	The 500 strong actors clap together like a colony of seals .
tr	NN	The first option was Olympia .
tr	NN	My thin undershirt is enough for hanging around in quarters .
tr	NNS	" All my Swiss banks caved . "
tr	NNS	Especially arrogant , pompous mages who didn 't possess the sense to defer to their betters .
tr	NN	The tray of food went flying as he slammed the guy into the back wall , his fingers pressed into the flesh of the man 's throat .
tr	NN	The pilot and co-pilot exchange glances , not hearing the exuberance they usually hear with a pickup request .
tr	NNS	" Well sports fans , can you tell me anything ? "
tr	NNS	Suddenly the women servants and Adel 's Grand Uncle come running out to see what is happening .
tr	NN	To be fair , the lack of drink was technically the fault of the housekeeper , but every lady knew that the servant reflected the mistress .
tr	NNS	Hands pulled at me to let him go .
tr	NNS	Most areas got well over two inches , a very welcome site to many who weren 't expecting it . "
tr	NNS	The differences in Linc were apparent in more than just his attitude .
tr	NNS	My inquiries took me to Los Angeles where I ran into a stonewall put up by Lorraine 's psychiatrist .
tr	NNS	Such stillness Reyes could not even form the will to breathe .
tr	NNS	" The runes , " she whispered .
tr	NNS	Within seconds the colors pulsed normally once more .
tr	NN	gardener ... that they will not flee into the wilds , as the previous two men have already done ? "
tr	NN	The fortunate humans were officially regrouped but , their celebration was quite short .
tr	NNS	" How do their ideas get here ? "
tr	NNS	The dwarves elected their kings based on the manifestation of uncanny powers , while the elves shared their power fully amongst each sect .
tr	NNS	One big goddamn lie he 's concocted .
tr	NNS	Two musty pack rats , whose eyes and teeth glinted in the half-light , sniffed at Ron 's cheeks .
tr	NN	One notebook had to be folded to fit .
tr	NN	Shaken by the jeer , the actor fumbled another line .
tr	NN	The ghoul managed to wound her mortally before he 'd stopped him .
tr	NNS	Images were cascading through his mind .
tr	NN	All that mattered was that he agreed .
tr	NNS	Huge splits in the concrete floor and cracks up the walls would leave dangerous evidence of a super human fight .
tr	NNS	Looks like we 've just been given a demonstration of what that other method is . "
tr	NNS	Demetrius reacted as if he had been slapped in the face .
tr	NNS	The nurses looked up in surprise .
tr	NNS	For the most part , all the classes I 'd held had gone well .
tr	NNS	" While you rarely give me words , your actions have ever spoken loudly of who you are and what you believe in .
tr	NN	A sob tore through her throat .
tr	NN	The bot makes him promise to tell the truth , and his guards step to the side .
tr	NN	My annoyance was melting into something warmer even as I tried to stay focused .
tr	NNS	" No apologies are adequate for my leaving you in danger ... nor can I ever thank you enough for saving my life . "
tr	NNS	Lots of people commit random crimes , and target people who are weaker than they are .
tr	NN	The pimply fellow puffed himself up , trying to look dangerous .
tr	NNS	William 's astute movements caught it just before it slipped into a deep crevice in the pavement .
tr	NNS	So many immortal races walked the earth and several realms of the heavens .
tr	NNS	The currents were barely more than a breeze .
tr	NN	The quake took care of that though .
tr	NNS	The builders were interested in construction and architecture , and the musicians were interested in music and composers .
tr	NN	The unnamed " operator " in the report was Daniel .
tr	NNS	Soldiers in gas masks stood in the open bay doorways and directed the thick hoses that sprayed the city .
tr	NNS	There were still a few inches between our bodies .
tr	NNS	One stack was the evidence we had against him and the other were the papers Phillip had Paul draw up .
tr	NN	Nox swung wide , the rope wrapped around his middle going taut as he collided with the castle wall below .
tr	NNS	" Circle members , " said Jace quickly .
tr	NN	The fellow burst out through the crowd and prostrated himself before Anderson .
tr	NN	" Shooting stars in the middle of the city .
tr	NNS	Flames of passion burned brightly in the swirling twilight .
tr	NNS	Others were in color but worn .
tr	NNS	These multi-colored strings catapulted like a whip .
tr	NN	A night owl hooted and a quiet rustling sound of a small animal scurrying away mixed into the din of sounds around him .
tr	NN	The dragon hissed , " It is Sheba and now I must have the courtesy of knowing yours . "
tr	NNS	But the overnight temperatures were cold .
tr	NNS	By the next June , not even the hot mineral baths could cool Goethe 's desire .
tr	NNS	The glass elevators never stopped their climb to heaven ; ponds , streams , waterfalls glittered amid banks of moist , fragile blooms .
tr	NN	" The trick is to add just a pinch .
tr	NN	There was no title page , nor was an author listed .
tr	NNS	" How are our resources coming ? "
tr	NNS	The footsteps became louder and louder and he knew it was only a moment away from the guards catching him in the doorway .
tr	NNS	The blades sailed over each man 's left shoulder and lodged in the wall behind them .
tr	NN	Now my pulse is going wild .
tr	NN	The rider had his back to us of course and was a distance away , but one thing I thought I could see was his ears .
tr	NN	The same pink fur also trimmed her gloves and the top of her boots .
tr	NNS	" Two situations offer themselves .
tr	NN	The senator walks into his house and we follow .
tr	NNS	The six hour-long meetings with the pastor had made him aware of various issues between him and Mary Jo .
tr	NNS	His nostrils widened a little bit , and he smiled .
tr	NN	" ' Rich ' wouldn 't be enough to describe her . "
tr	NNS	Our mothers are working on real costumes for us .
tr	NN	The cancer just came back .
tr	NN	" I will not take that tone from you , " Ferry said .
tr	NN	Their hatred did the rest .
tr	NN	The hustle and bustle of planning and shouting orders continued inside the tent .
tr	NNS	Marius was near me .
tr	NNS	The halting , quiet strains of her voice filtered across the room .
tr	NNS	My cells oozed with euphoria as the hunger was fed and the woman 's screams added a high-pitched cadence to the thunderous roar of the burning tempest .
tr	NNS	Our kisses reach a fever pitch .
tr	NNS	Looks like we both made a new friend . "
tr	NN	His grandmother picked pieces of meat and fish from various dishes and put it on top of Dan 's rice bowl , urging him to eat .
tr	NN	Saying those words , the hunger for revenge opened up inside him , terrifying and powerful .
tr	NN	His relaxed posture and collected demeanor provided a stark contrast to my own composure .
tr	NN	The market drew in practically the entire town .
tr	NN	Part of me thinks about letting Bran go .
tr	NN	Instead , a small tremor was wracking through her ; however it was not a tremor of fear , but one of pure anger .
tr	NN	The tractor rose out of the hole dripping mud and water back into the pit from whence it came .
tr	NNS	His desperate shouts ended in a muffled curse .
tr	NNS	The chains stretched a bit with his movement .
tr	NNS	The colors blended well with the varnish and carpets .
tr	NNS	Industrial size spotlights positioned every few feet along the Wall 's top row provided additional cover , something he hoped they wouldn 't need .
tr	NNS	Immediately his defenses went up .
tr	NNS	" Holiday romances are such a wonderful thing , until they end . "
tr	NN	The smaller dragon , crouched upon the roof of the turret , unfolded its wings , and shook them experimentally .
tr	NN	Their lack of diligence kept her more subdued than she would be normally .
tr	NN	His honor demanded it . "
tr	NNS	Diggs looked over his shoulder at me .
tr	NN	At the bridge , the knight pulls his arm off me and uses the side of the bridge as a crutch .
tr	NN	There were a ton of things she could say to defend herself , but none of them moved her stoned lips .
tr	NNS	At least , the bits of her he could see were .
tr	NNS	The various members of the Blood in the room nodded appreciatively .
tr	NNS	Her nostrils flared defiantly .
tr	NNS	And sports were always a cause for celebration .
tr	NNS	" Where are the wipers ? "
tr	NN	A small seed of worry began to throb in the pit of Hanna 's stomach .
tr	NN	An evil twinkle appeared in his eyes .
tr	NNS	His true colors had shown through , and she 'd seen them and ran .
tr	NNS	Her characters are real with flaws as well as heroic qualities .
tr	NN	The most coherent theory was one he recalled from his nurse when he was small .
tr	NN	There were also delicate ivory rose petals sprinkled over the sheets to fill the room with their musky scent .
tr	NNS	The large mansions , which lined both sides of the street , bore stately and placid witness to their conversation .
tr	NN	" A protection racket is where the ... " Ben 's father didn 't need the explanation , so he cut him off .
tr	NN	By this time , her only goal in life was to see Callum again .
tr	NN	There was no page dedicated to the owners or staff .
tr	NN	Her h * ps swayed under the towel , her movements incredibly feminine .
tr	NN	" You know , there 's a special term for a hybrid .
tr	NN	The tip of a branch must have slicked straight through to his gums .
tr	NNS	The colours were wrong for her .
tr	NNS	The signs had all been there , but I had ignored them .
tr	NN	" People can be turned into zombies , you know , " said the Lecturer in Recent Runes , in conversational tones .
tr	NN	The liquid appeared pearlescent , as if lit from within .
tr	NN	My pumping did not even wake you up . "
tr	NNS	There were bag ladies going through Dumpsters who probably looked better .
tr	NN	The tube ran up to a bag of clear liquid hanging over Haven 's cart .
tr	NNS	The power levels were way below what they used to be .
tr	NNS	Romulus led them down a rocky dirt path to the weather beaten door .
tr	NNS	Outside temperature is 45 degrees , zero wind . "
tr	NN	" Your grandmother was nice .
tr	NN	His best cutting was when you brought that C-17 in with no engines on a dirt airfield in California .
tr	NNS	Angelus watched me , laughing harder .
tr	NN	" Right , " said the policeman .
tr	NNS	His actions proved how spoiled he was .
tr	NN	Her passion was overwhelming in its intensity .
tr	NNS	My last tourist activities of the day involved touring Big Ben and crossing the Thames , which I completed in under two-and-a-half hours .
tr	NN	Before he switched to second , however , there was a jolting crash .
tr	NNS	On the frontispiece was the title in ornate , nearly illegible letters and beneath was a crude woodcut illustration .
tr	NN	Seeing her acknowledgement the thief slipped his hand away and lowered his dagger .
tr	NNS	There are two possibilities , although the details associated with them may vary .
tr	NN	There was a rustling at the door , and Marly leaned into the room .
tr	NN	Apparently undressing in public was normal .
tr	NN	The caller was one of his security guards .
tr	NNS	During her last year of training , though , the strange headaches that she had begun to experience worsened , waking her from any attempt at sleep .
tr	NNS	" The nurses told me you woke up last night and talked , but I didn 't believe them .
tr	NNS	Early coins were money stamped with an official seal to certify their weight .
tr	NNS	But there are other , older runes .
tr	NN	There was an immense scowl on her face .
tr	NN	A coffee pot had turned on .
tr	NN	" This ore looks like red rock when it 's first brought from the ground .
tr	NNS	" Even now , with everything at stake , these idiots are playing their games .
tr	NN	The raven glanced at a garden gnome .
tr	NN	" And on your ninth birthday did your father lock you in the closet with a. . . "
tr	NNS	His fingernails were filthy and sharp , and she shuddered at how cold his touch was .
tr	NN	His New England accent growing thicker betrayed the only sign of any nerves .
tr	NN	There was a peg on his right middle finger that was connected by a gray wire to a box .
tr	NNS	There were footsteps , and then the scrape of the chairs being pulled back for everyone to sit .
tr	NN	The brindle cow tied in the pen rolled her eyes and lowed in fright at the men 's approach .
tr	NN	Resistance then generally collapsed and the criminal gangs nearly all turned themselves in .
tr	NN	The improvement of Thomas and Dana 's relationship was minimal .
tr	NNS	Screams sounded downstairs taking my attention off of Lilith .
tr	NNS	But at least his current efforts to make up for his mistakes were paying off .
tr	NNS	Things couldn 't be working out better .
tr	NNS	Cronus was then banished to Tartarus , an abyss of darkness and endless torment , as far below Hades and Heaven is high above the Earth .
tr	NN	One more bullet or blade , and that would be the end of his career .
tr	NN	Her grandmother is fine .
tr	NNS	Minority Report fans would have been jealous .
tr	NNS	Twelve nasty letters from folks I put behind bars or their relatives , almost all of them signed .
tr	NN	A metal cable connecting it to a big iron hoop in the ground grows taut as the wind attempts to push the balloon away from the barn .
tr	NN	The sleeper still slept .
tr	NNS	There were video monitors all around .
tr	NN	A musical , like everything we performed at Fox Hill .
tr	NN	The method creating this field was different and he didn 't think it would ever be able to achieve time travel .
tr	NNS	The solar cells she helped design and make came from the power of her mind and were put into use by the efficiency of her hands .
tr	NNS	Romulus thought for a stretch .
tr	NNS	Great warriors and wizards have failed . "
tr	NN	The toaster on the table started beeping .
tr	NNS	The insects had shifted easily to let Boots by , but they were an obstacle course for him .
tr	NNS	These slimy worms , they care more about where they ´ re going to make their next millions and the stock market than anything else .
tr	NN	" But anyone intent on learning your secrets would have little trouble . "
tr	NN	The trio from Carlisle 's painting was complete , unchanged by the last three hundred years since it was painted .
tr	NN	The guilt was more than unbearable .
tr	NNS	The filing cabinets were so old they rusted years ago .
tr	NN	' But this is the first definite tie-in we have of Monica being connected to the hospital , ' Love said .
tr	NNS	Our footsteps thundered in the space , but I wasn 't worried about being quiet .
tr	NNS	Marius snapped his fingers .
tr	NN	Strangely , their full garb that was perfectly natural in 1831 also seemed natural for standing in the middle of Schuylkill River Park .
tr	NN	That police inspector 's right .
tr	NNS	The local governments were still discussing the feasibility of reaching it .
tr	NNS	Back in California my pranks are ... what 's the word ? "
tr	NN	Maria 's description of him had been accurate .
tr	NNS	At once , multiple images flashed across my mind .
tr	NN	In the back was a loading dock .
tr	NN	Was a miracle about to take place ?
tr	NNS	At the studio in her home village there were mostly scrolls instead of books .
tr	NN	Jazz pushed back from Willa after a few moments .
tr	NNS	Others materialized , closing in from all sides , filling the night with a low rumble , like thunder beyond the horizon .
tr	NN	In my line of work , any degree of carelessness can lead to disaster .
tr	NNS	The whispers were there for only mere seconds , and continued down the hall .
tr	NN	Just about what he remembered a school bag should have in it , except the pencil shavings .
tr	NNS	Things poked and scratched .
tr	NN	A thunderous boom reverberated ahead of us .
tr	NN	A clump of reeds to her left gave her the idea .
tr	NNS	Her footsteps were careful as she entered , as though she didn 't feel entirely safe with him .
tr	NN	And the design d the Clock was this : that the biggest hand only went around once .
tr	NN	But that charisma was still sending out alpha waves or something to my mother .
tr	NNS	Velvety moss blanketed its sides , padding my back as I leaned heavily against its safety .
tr	NN	The slide across was fast , juvenile and thrilling .
tr	NN	His manner was convincing .
tr	NNS	" Well , the apples won 't pick themselves . "
tr	NN	Love will help you find your way ... Revenge will only build walls . "
tr	NNS	The edges of vapour teased me , and I reached for them with an almost tearful relief .
tr	NN	the sheriff asked as he swung his attention back to Jasper .
tr	NNS	Elias had interests in every region of the globe .
tr	NN	The guilt and uselessness in her eyes clawed at his heart .
tr	NNS	Looks like I 'll have to do my best to impress you with my other qualities . "
tr	NNS	Four color cameras on wheeled pedestals , aimed at the lit set by operators in jeans and golf shirts .
tr	NN	An angel had come to my mother , an angel .
tr	NNS	Cars , exits and strip malls everywhere .
tr	NNS	Then she stumbles over to Dylan , her red hair tangled around her pale , thin face , her cheekbones hollowed out .
tr	NNS	The predictions that came out of 300 Fox Way were unspecific , but undeniably true .
tr	NN	" Because a psycho knocked me out and kidnapped me . "
tr	NN	" Hogwash , " the policeman said .
tr	NNS	" Things are looking up . "
tr	NN	Love rolled his baseball across his desk and wondered .
tr	NNS	These booms were different than those of the ones from the God 's weapons .
tr	NNS	The five figures wore heavy , black cloaks that dragged along the ground .
tr	NN	The leader straightened to give Dante a murderous glare .
tr	NN	" The brunette , " she told the women as casually as she could , doing her best to hide her growing excitement .
tr	NN	Not a single compartment remained empty .
tr	NN	The lieutenant immediately begins barking out commands to the officers in the room .
tr	NNS	Long golden satin drapes hung from the ceiling adding to the cozy feel of the bed .
tr	NNS	Myles understood what he meant .
tr	NN	What more could a pilot ask for than an engineer or mechanic who took even possible malfunctions personally ?
tr	NN	His sister Cora is with him .
tr	NN	The captain handed her the bottle .
tr	NN	Simplistic though it might be , his pop psychology had a cheering effect .
tr	NN	There 's so much passion and desperation behind the kiss that something snaps inside me .
tr	NNS	His cheekbones were high and sharp , his eyes bright green .
tr	NNS	The invaders screamed , the women in gray weaving shields .
tr	NNS	Our species are compatible .
tr	NNS	Flowers , as she 's romantic , and something with some shine to it to show you understand the depth of your mistake . "
tr	NN	Her aura turns bright pink every time she looks at him too .
tr	NN	The warrior looked her over .
tr	NNS	The cousins were keeping their distance this week .
tr	NNS	Heather 's attempts at getting him to listen never worked .
tr	NNS	The doorways were arched .
tr	NNS	Others believed that it is Gods will that they fight to expel the Turks for the Christian Holy Lands .
tr	NN	An usher position . "
tr	NN	A hunger he no longer attempted to disguise .
tr	NNS	Initially Mitch and Anya Conyers ' experiments were simple .
tr	NN	Besides , your shampoo sucks . "
tr	NN	The tail rushed by and a loud thud followed .
tr	NN	His momentum and speed vaulting him forward into the air on a collision path towards the things face .
tr	NN	Maybe an afternoon nap would be what we need . "
tr	NN	Along with the developing clarity arrived a deeper sentiment apprehension .
tr	NNS	The bars blocked his path .
tr	NNS	Good old Alexis must have a phone we can use , right ? "
tr	NN	As a matter of fact the disorder in humans is quite similar to the disease in fish called Ick , which frankly is far more appropriately named .
tr	NNS	Girls were talking about you .
tr	NNS	Things were indeed turning toward chaos .
tr	NNS	Thoughts came in a panicked stampede , stumbling one over the other .
tr	NN	My uncle turned to me and nodded .
tr	NNS	Communications networks are failing .
tr	NNS	The teachers press themselves against the hallway walls as the onslaught becomes imminent .
tr	NNS	Even if it is the same man , his actions are not your fault . "
tr	NNS	Heavy footsteps ran by the door and Tench motioned his friends to wait .
tr	NN	The boom of the shot was startling in the forest , but no birds took flight .
tr	NN	" His description matches the one I have from Adrienne . "
tr	NNS	Black creatures are about in the Dream Valley .
tr	NNS	The edges hit the sand like water and retreated again just as small waves do .
tr	NN	" We ' l talk more about this later . "
tr	NNS	The black creatures would be as wolves among sheep .
tr	NNS	The gates swung open automatically and we went through .
tr	NNS	Things will get hectic .
tr	NN	A rich blush covered her face .
tr	NNS	High blood sugar damages all the body 's major organs .
tr	NN	Since arriving , only the captain and his two crew members had ever seen their faces , and none of them knew their true names .
tr	NNS	' Things haven 't been so easy for me , mostly because of my own doing .
tr	NNS	Marius turned and walked down the hill , toward the doors .
tr	NN	The clatter of his hooves echoed in the deserted room .
tr	NNS	The roads joined at right angles , and all looked to be in good repair .
tr	NNS	Families huddled together in those cages , terrified and wondering what would become of them .
tr	NNS	Things had always gone his way .
tr	NN	The stench of sulphur is thick in the air .
tr	NN	The half elf jumped up , startling her .
tr	NNS	Clark 's efforts to win her back turned the whole ordeal into an even bigger mess .
tr	NNS	" Flowers for - " Dana stopped in shock as she saw the woman 's face .
tr	NN	A brief , shimmering shield flared between us and her , just barely absorbing the small glowing darts she hurled our way .
tr	NN	The knight rose up and shook the wolves from him as if they were but rain upon his armour .
tr	NN	Bang , the bullet blew a hole through them and they fell back in the dark .
tr	NNS	Render drones came and went at a steady pace , some taking larva with them to some other chamber .
tr	NNS	After the gun , the next items I grabbed were two extra knives and their holsters .
tr	NNS	" All ticketed passengers should now be in the Blue Concourse sleep lounge .
tr	NN	Are you a football player , because we have exercise equipment in the den if you 're interested in using it ?
tr	NNS	Stuffy restaurants and grand gestures were great and romantic for some , but Liv needed something less grandiose .
tr	NN	" There was also a general consensus among all five women that you do not have a romantic bone in your body . "
tr	NNS	The purple bedspread was smooth , eight fluffy pillows propped at the head like an ad for a five-star hotel .
tr	NNS	Three hundred acres , that 's a big place , lots of places to get lost .
tr	NN	Still , the maneuver gave her time to recover .
tr	NN	The waterfall murmured in the background and before long his eyelids began to droop .
tr	NNS	The owls know who you are . "
tr	NNS	Things had always been like this .
tr	NN	Strangely , this anomaly was harder than the ice surrounding it . "
tr	NNS	The other couples lingering in the night air appeared not to notice their presence .
tr	NNS	" Even these idiots would have seen someone walking right past them to enter the room . "
tr	NN	Maybe he didn , t want ever again to go back to work .
tr	NN	Where is the justice in this ?
tr	NNS	Odysseus had spoken to him only once before , briefly , at a gathering of kings and merchants on Salamis two summers before .
tr	NN	Your incompetence borders on treason .
tr	NNS	The strips of automatic lights illuminated and then went dark as they moved through various sections of the lab .
tr	NN	" Hello young man , I 've got you a gelato from the Gelateria that won the world ice-cream championship in 2005 " offered the old master .
tr	NNS	Tall spires reached for the lavender sky dotted with misty clouds .
tr	NN	A room service cart loaded down with coffee , fresh fruits and an assortment of breakfast pastries stood unnoticed beside him .
tr	NNS	Both ladies knew Leslie would fill in the blanks later .
tr	NN	Chance had showed her a picture of Marjorie 's battered face .
tr	NNS	the two cousins chimed in unison , under the tree stood a table with three chairs .
tr	NN	" The email said I couldn 't even tell my assistant . "
tr	NN	There was a little amber mixed with the brown that he had once said looked like gold .
tr	NNS	Large empty spaces were available for these answers .
tr	NNS	In the shadows , their crimson petals were black .
tr	NNS	Of course , those initial funds were the real sticking point , until the fortuitous occurrence of Garnet 's death , that is .
tr	NN	Sean snapped his head up to look at the Fae , but he was gone , the clearing empty .
tr	NN	A rustle in the bushes behind him made the decision for him .
tr	NN	This lightning flows from my fingertips directly from the ground swell encapsulating my lower body .
tr	NN	There was a keyboard , but most of the action could be controlled directly through the touch screen .
tr	NNS	Their apartments were ten minutes apart and they each regularly dropped by the other 's place .
tr	NN	No loyalty to each other = No trust .
tr	NNS	His paws twitched as he chased rabbits in his sleep .
tr	NN	The clearing had been a place of violence .
tr	NN	Shane 's momentum brought him to the railing a split second later .
tr	NNS	Werewolves are nocturnal - just like the wolves they resemble .
tr	NN	The leader of the cloaked figures , with a feminine voice , announced to the villagers , " We have come to see Magistrate Lucian .
tr	NNS	Questions filled her mind , but mainly she wondered what her punishment would be .
tr	NNS	These creatures are different from the ones on the ground .
tr	NNS	Lara 's eyelids lowered , and her lips spread in a slow smile .
tr	NNS	Mechanical creatures do not change or grow .
tr	NN	" The Masters always suspected that your father was different , and that perhaps he was influencing other servants .
tr	NN	When you came back , the senator hid me .
tr	NN	He regretted the privilege to speak freely his former commander had granted him .
tr	NN	Instead hatred and bloodlust lingered there .
tr	NN	A diamond encrusted crown covers his black hair .
tr	NN	A loud grunt escaped him as he was knocked back a good foot .
tr	NNS	When did artists get to be such cowards ?
tr	NNS	Witches were something out of fairy tales to her .
tr	NN	She stayed behind a boulder longer than normal and this time , just as she somehow knew he would , the dragon came from overhead .
tr	NNS	The cousins are still in bed .
tr	NNS	The Cadogan vamps knew me as Sentinel and Lindsey as guard .
tr	NN	" Love makes fools of us all . "
tr	NN	The steady pulsing between her legs built into a throb that demanded to be sated .
tr	NNS	The other two figures have disappeared , but the crocodiles seem very interested in the area they vacated .
tr	NNS	" You a couples therapist all of a sudden ? "
tr	NN	" Instead , my mistress dispatches me to supervise children and deliver love notes . "
tr	NNS	Reyes howled , the pain slicing through him like the cut of a knife .
tr	NNS	The nurses showed her how to change his colostomy bag and replace his catheter .
tr	NNS	The aromas had been present at all her stepping stone homes .
tr	NN	" The electricity is off , but that might not be enough .
tr	NN	Cassidy 's pilot awoke every one of Diego 's cop suspicions .
tr	NN	But , like David Koresh and Jim Jones before him , his audacity knew no bounds .
tr	NN	There is a different hunger behind him now as he slides his hands under my shirt and grasps at my waist .
tr	NN	" Thank you , " the captain said .
tr	NN	" A strip club ? "
tr	NNS	Hands could have managed it , but nobody else had a fraction of his skill .
tr	NNS	Things ... developed , and now ... I 'll marry her . "
tr	NNS	Those planes are coming back and we don 't want to be here when this place goes up ! '
tr	NNS	The twins backed up warily .
tr	NN	The big gators torso was now completely clear of the water , exposing its pale underside to the audience .
tr	NNS	My little cousins decided to visit .
tr	NN	Her quiet chuckle circulated through him like an aphrodisiac .
tr	NN	The more damage we do the better .
tr	NNS	" Where are your girlfriends ? "
tr	NN	At the center of the spacious platform was a round socket , surrounded by multiple circular grooves that radiated out concentrically to the edge of the platform .
tr	NNS	Many objects looked unique or valuable , but he could find nothing that he considered more personally suited to him than the rest .
tr	NN	Melissa 's sympathy came through loud and clear , both in her eyes and in her tone .
tr	NNS	There are many creatures in that lake .
tr	NNS	Others feared him , but never was he the subject of worship and complete adoration .
tr	NN	The discomfort in her body wasn 't the only thing she found upsetting .
tr	NNS	" Bugs only live for about six weeks , and then they die .
tr	NN	The white pup trailed her brothers .
tr	NNS	Sirens , sour and discordant , drowned out their cries .
tr	NN	" What did your grandmother tell you about me ? "
tr	NNS	" You can 't wait to see Genny , " Bugs corrected .
tr	NNS	Things were back to normal with him .
tr	NN	The sovereign roar of a rising ship broke the silence , scattering the few birds , lifting every face to the sky .
tr	NNS	As I grew drowsy , images from the day flashed across my mind .
tr	NNS	But facts were facts , and the numbers were screaming X all the way .
tr	NN	My garter belt ? "
tr	NNS	The planets aligned in his favor .
tr	NN	Through all of that , the garage had maintained minimal damage .
tr	NNS	Both pairs of eyes flickered towards Christine , with an insulting mixture of distrust and disdain .
tr	NN	Yet their progress was slow , and it was only a matter of time before the creatures found them .
tr	NNS	There are two Heavens . "
tr	NN	The bastard was strong , though , and I had to settle for pinning him up against the wall .
tr	NNS	The balding Mr Snow fumes and I turn to focus on him , only to realize that he isn 't talking to me but my female companion .
tr	NNS	Curious , a few of the officers left their evening campfires , grabbed lanterns , and meandered over to see what the pack was getting up to .
tr	NN	The mascara she wore was not waterproof .
tr	NN	Another thunderous roar echoed through the jungle .
tr	NN	" Your young lieutenant also carries a heavy burden . "
tr	NN	God 's creation was yet ... incomplete . "
tr	NN	The long habit of obedience held : Laurence flung himself out of the room .
tr	NNS	The siblings looked down at the table and at their unfinished meals .
tr	NN	The cleric shook a finger at Garn pointedly .
tr	NN	The command might serve her well in an hour of need .
tr	NNS	Things should turn around now . "
tr	NNS	The servants and guards moved nervously behind us as Kiowa glanced over at us .
tr	NNS	" I have a name , " Hope objects .
tr	NN	' Is the slave upset ? '
tr	NNS	Your skills are impeccable , but this program involves strict discipline .
tr	NN	Not long after that , partial paralysis began to set in , and Zachariah became disabled before he had learned to walk .
tr	NNS	" Yeah , at least the breaks are a tad more consistent than pub gigs .
tr	NN	Love is the twine that holds balloons together in a bunch .
tr	NN	The second I hop down from Rory 's truck , people from my new school are already staring at me .
tr	NN	The idiot had aimed at the window .
tr	NNS	Finally , the allied leaders encouraged all men to fortify their towns and practise diligently with bow or sling .
tr	NN	The shawl covering her head melded with her bulky dress until her shadowy figure resembled a black spirit .
tr	NN	The imprint of the seat of my pants was still in the sand where I had fallen .
tr	NN	" All this healthy exercise can 't be good for him . "
tr	NN	The tip of my index finger covers it completely .
tr	NNS	Diggs asked as he hurried to my side .
tr	NN	The bra fell away .
tr	NN	The husky timbre of her voice sent desire shooting through him .
tr	NNS	All his lies and false promises had left her pregnant and alone .
tr	NNS	" Nine inches , " said Logan 's assistant .
tr	NN	The smoked salmon , I think .
tr	NN	His boot crushed a human skull .
tr	NNS	Their seats were in business class and they were quickly served glasses of champagne that neither of them drank .
tr	NNS	No doubt , but I refer more directly to the five hidden artifacts your grandparents told you about .
tr	NN	The receptionist said , " Sir , may I have your card ? "
tr	NN	He sympathized with their rage , fully understood their hatred .
tr	NN	Our best agent , ' said Michelle .
tr	NN	The author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction , which have been used without permission .
tr	NN	Part of me wanted to run to him right now and tell him the good news .
tr	NN	" Your slave needs a lesson in manners .
tr	NNS	The immortals were especially shell shocked .
tr	NNS	" Sunday dinners must be hell in that family . "
tr	NNS	The elves cried out with many voices .
tr	NN	There was no hesitation in my voice .
tr	NN	The inspector had walked around the body as required and had drawn a sketch as required .
tr	NN	Jogging away down the path leading from the back of the house , the canyon opened .
tr	NNS	The other zombies roared to life , scratching and biting at Tom has he ran back to the fence .
tr	NN	Storm doesn 't even have the thing in park before I jump out .
tr	NNS	Others had broken their vows to him .
tr	NNS	Flowers grew everywhere , and even the trees were covered in blossoms .
tr	NNS	The elves have always come to our aid in the past but when we signaled for them , they did not come .
tr	NNS	The warriors who were able to walk came in and made a circle inside the crowd , strutting their manliness .
tr	NN	" A fusion crust is essentially just a severe burn .
tr	NN	Part of the reason we were being arrested was that we had gone to see you . "
tr	NN	Her tether pointed to him , and only him .
tr	NNS	The creatures swept forward like a great blue tide , a tide with swords of steel and eyes of red .
tr	NNS	Ahead of the ship , the relatively calm seas were washing against slate grey rocks that rose seven or eight feet up out of the waters .
tr	NNS	Even their thousands of years of development were no match for the billions of years of human evolution .
tr	NN	His tie was conservative pinstripe for his occupation , but her instinct screamed that there was an untamed wildness in his core desperate to come out .
tr	NN	Before Tick could say anything , a loud clang filled the air , and a source of faint light made him look to his left .
tr	NNS	" Things are okay .
tr	NNS	Things only get stranger when we enter the building and it 's packed .
tr	NN	An old-school fuel gauge on the handlebars informed him that he had half a tank of petrol .
tr	NN	An impatient , angry rap on the door startled me enough to make me jump .
tr	NN	His attorney crossed the tiled floor and held out his hand .
tr	NNS	The petals of the plant were delicate but they did not break under the heavy drops of rain .
tr	NN	It would probably look like an accident , the fellow said . "
tr	NN	His charm won over her desire to stay in a bad mood .
tr	NNS	The top two floors were opaque .
tr	NN	And if that happened , the divorce and life after Amber would be twice as difficult .
tr	NN	All the patrons had flocked out front to the street side to watch the crowds already claiming their places to watch the race .
tr	NN	" Life and wisdom grow in many ways . "
tr	NN	The man 's chiseled jaw .
tr	NN	" The artifact will ultimately fall into the hands of whom it is destined to belong .
tr	NN	" Such language has no place in a lady 's presence . "
tr	NNS	The roads in and out of town were totally empty and didn 't seem very treaded on .
tr	NNS	The nurses had fallen in love with him as well .
tr	NN	" The hunger for blood is antithetical to violence .
tr	NNS	Cadmus instantly opened his eyes and carefully sat up .
tr	NN	The neighbor next door might see it if he left it hanging that way .
tr	NNS	She leaned back and crossed her legs , heedless of whatever grime was on the loveseat .
tr	NN	Storm asks during a two minute lull late in the night .
tr	NNS	Black strands of hand obscured his eyes as the shadow slipped over the ground at an alarming rate .
tr	NN	The dragon fell on the hard ground like a black stone .
tr	NNS	Big block letters splay across the front of his sweatshirt .
tr	NN	A large Harry Potter poster caught her attention and she stood looking at it for a while .
tr	NNS	Bugs never got over the issue .
tr	NN	Ecstasy and fanatical hatred contorted the child robots ' faces .
tr	NN	My earlier zeal gave way to nervousness .
tr	NN	In front of them was a small clearing in the midst of the thick , overgrown forest and what looked like a satellite work site .
tr	NNS	Soon the hotels and tourist shops were buying from them and asking for more .
tr	NN	The metal tube slipped and he fell back and rolled into the Irishman 's lap .
tr	NN	his accent was thick and crisp and every bit of irritation and frustration was evident in it .
tr	NN	My goal was either survive the night or curse the morning .
tr	NNS	What are your commands ?
tr	NNS	No promises , he 'd said .
tr	NNS	His movements grew bolder .
tr	NNS	Great cliffs and undulating hills rose on either side of the river , so thickly forested that the underlying stone was nearly invisible .
tr	NN	There was no forced entry .
tr	NNS	Inside the box were about twenty black and white business cards , each with a small red wax seal of the Bitcoin emblem .
tr	NN	The announcement added extra weight to a heart already sagging at her knees .
tr	NN	At the top of a green , grassy hill and at the center of all this chaos was a house .
tr	NNS	The two ogres set their eyes on me .
tr	NN	Her badge read " Ruby . "
tr	NN	Like all the other of Brady 's projects , the cell leader had meticulously planned and analysed every detail of their task .
tr	NN	Marco , my birthday is only three weeks away . "
tr	NNS	Muscles were already gathering beneath the smooth hide , and there was a palpable impatience in his voice .
tr	NNS	Everywhere , hills glistened in a thick white frost .
tr	NNS	Myles read over Ryder 's arrest record again .
tr	NNS	The networks were there .
tr	NN	The trio looked at each other wondering if their input was needed in Hugo 's continual pantomime .
tr	NNS	The possibilities seemed endless , even frightening .
tr	NNS	The beginning credits began .
tr	NNS	When Patrick arrived , the downstairs was full of people talking loudly and drinking steadily .
tr	NNS	" Drugs , " he said again , shaking his head .
tr	NN	There is currently an engagement occurring near the landing site and our units there are resisting .
tr	NN	Within seconds , her neighbor cracked a grin .
tr	NNS	Red lightning flares beneath the scales as my blessed steel cuts into it .
tr	NN	A teacher screaming , " Open it , Blake . "
tr	NNS	Quick movements followed as five more coins were selected , and then thrown into the bowl with a clicking noise .
tr	NN	" This particular gargoyle does not happen to belong to the Guild . "
tr	NNS	Callum 's footsteps followed me .
tr	NN	Then suddenly the baron smiled and told the secretary of operations : " Get out , you creep ! "
tr	NN	' She knows who the witch is , ' Prophet said .
tr	NNS	The hardwood floors look purposefully old , and the walls are painted in various different colors that breathe life into the place .
tr	NN	The mass of people standing around in dresses and suits emphasizes the fact that I 'm underdressed .
tr	NNS	Will your goons continue to force me ? "
tr	NNS	" You know in most cases , actions speak louder than words , especially for a man .
tr	NN	" As far as I know , sir , the perpetrator slid through a hole in the fence .
tr	NN	Only one range of what he built still stands , but this is enough to suggest a massive scale and richness .
tr	NN	There was a hesitation and then muttered good-byes .
tr	NN	The core warned against this , however , as the ship would tap through its reserves and become stranded at its destination .
tr	NNS	Her stomach presses against my head and soothing fingertips begin sliding along the back of my neck .
tr	NNS	Within the trees the squirrels , chipmunks , sparrows , blue jays , and robins continued to move about .
tr	NN	The turret where he and his men had last been wrapped around him like a blanket .
tr	NN	The resulting cocktail is fresh , fruity , and a delightful blend of sweet and sour .
tr	NN	Love had made her unable to see the forest for the trees , but she did now .
tr	NNS	Her prayers about him taking a turn for the worse must have come true .
tr	NN	Knowing he wanted her as badly as she wanted him made her even wetter , even more aroused .
tr	NNS	The directions are to use it when I am in grave danger .
tr	NN	There 's mirroring software on here so that whatever she was looking at on her monitor was being projected onto the other user 's computer .
tr	NN	Can a conflict of convictions cause a conflict of interest ?
tr	NNS	Many mothers put their little ones on a mind leash , but she felt hesitant to do so .
tr	NNS	When the snakes emerged , so would the coyotes .
tr	NNS	Quentin 's paws padded softly on the cement as he came up behind her .
tr	NNS	His broken promises and lack of trust were what was the breaking point for our relationship .
tr	NNS	Dragons were one thing .
tr	NN	His concentration since Iseo left Compostela fell completely to his training .
tr	NNS	Marius squeezed her hand and stood up .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared as if pulling in her scent and his jaw bunched with tension .
tr	NN	The clang nearly knocked the bar out of his grip and the soldiers roared with laughter .
tr	NNS	The fairies stopped eating and bared their pointy teeth .
tr	NN	" Work with you , " I said .
tr	NN	" Gideon , " the older gentleman greeted in metallic tones .
tr	NN	When she got through , Noah 's secretary advised her that Noah was in a meeting .
tr	NNS	Your cooking skills haven 't changed . "
tr	NN	In space , the exercise gave him focus and kept him sane .
tr	NNS	Obey commands , obey your superiors , do not question , kill the enemy .
tr	NNS	My pursuers are ten strides behind me .
tr	NNS	The gaps between the bars were too narrow for him to squeeze through , but he knew this .
tr	NN	The rider lay where he had fallen , the helm bouncing away into the darkness .
tr	NNS	" There 's a great Italian place downstairs .
tr	NNS	Our factories head to China , creating even more greenhouse gases , making the earth warmer , supposedly .
tr	NN	" My mate is human .
tr	NNS	Glossy black apples hung from them .
tr	NNS	Those actions said that she still lived , but she didn 't feel alive .
tr	NN	' Their lack of spirit , however , hath deprived us of much entertainment . '
tr	NN	All that mattered was that he was Adrian , my Adrian .
tr	NN	The Gabby I knew in high school didn 't hide behind a piano . "
tr	NNS	Classes started in less than two weeks and Ava began to feel the pressure to set up her room .
tr	NN	A footman came to hold the horses as they dismounted before the massive manor .
tr	NN	This canoe was an ultralight model with a greater tendency to roll than I would have preferred .
tr	NN	The jukebox was playing some old ass country song as I walked in and I spotted a couple elderly folks playing slot machines against the far wall .
tr	NNS	" A few rotten apples in that bunch went and spoiled it all .
tr	NN	But quitting was no option .
tr	NNS	The wolves jumped in after them .
tr	NNS	The mental images from a day of fun and tomfoolery were once more making way for reality .
tr	NN	And where was the barbarian of the hour ?
tr	NNS	Human 's natural instincts towards us are to be cautious .
tr	NN	Angelica 's ire faded quickly , as it often did , and she smiled at her sister in sympathy .
tr	NNS	" The coins make them effectively immortal .
tr	NN	Lust and love weren 't the same thing .
tr	NN	The spotlight wavered , then settled on him .
tr	NN	Even his lazy drawl had gone as he stated his plans .
tr	NNS	" My servants are just down the alley .
tr	NN	Every inch of you deserves attention . "
tr	NN	Part of the roof had crumpled above Kendra , and cracks webbed her window and the sunroof .
tr	NNS	The rows of houses like headstones in a cemetery .
tr	NNS	The ladies were sitting there watching Chet and Mark tie the lines .
tr	NNS	Hardware stores sure tried to cater to everyone 's needs these days , and I was glad .
tr	NN	Between the panel and the base there was a small gap .
tr	NNS	" Your grandparents are the only other family you have , Meara .
tr	NNS	Soon the footsteps subsided , although voices were still audible from several rooms away .
tr	NN	Already another orgasm was building rapidly , winding her tighter and tighter , taking her higher and higher .
tr	NNS	Not even the efforts of outraged Achilles could sway a father subservient to a god .
tr	NN	The reflection was too bright for this dank and dreary place .
tr	NNS	As I descended the steps , creatures of all kinds leaned over the railing raising their fists in support or anger at me .
tr	NN	His c * ck hardened and he battled for control .
tr	NNS	Hands appeared from the white light , groping , until it grabbed my shirt , reeling me in .
tr	NN	" Who is your master ? "
tr	NNS	A hard thump lands on my back and sends me crashing to the ground .
tr	NNS	Nicodemus could not run faster than a train .
tr	NN	If anything , his embarrassment intensifies .
tr	NNS	The Others controlled all the rivers that could power the generators and all the lakes that supplied fresh drinking water .
tr	NN	" Your new employer is none other than the Grim Reaper .
tr	NN	The added bonus of the couple next to us getting engaged had been like icing on the cake .
tr	NNS	" At the fireworks show .
tr	NN	" Just think , the family tradition continues . "
tr	NN	Then a thud and impact and my skull collides into something knocking me unconscious .
tr	NN	As soon as I 'm outside this tent , your Master 's going to tell you to follow me .
tr	NNS	Now that it was running , the blades of the helicopter didn 't so much roar as scream .
tr	NN	Her eyelids flutter and a small smile tilts the corners of her mouth upward .
tr	NNS	In fact , there were some slivers of chocolate to sample in a little dish on the counter .
tr	NNS	Girls often take an option or two beyond the basics . "
tr	NNS	Her actions will undoubtedly lead us to another immortal war .
tr	NN	Here the seating was like that of an auditorium to a cinema , although there was no screen .
tr	NN	Finally , government should limit free trade .
tr	NN	Because they were nearly naked , and I knew that when I got home to you - " I cut myself off , my bravado suddenly evaporating .
tr	NN	The beaded silk garment shimmied down my body , catching on my hips .
tr	NN	A multitude of tongues snaked around the satyr and slung him aside .
tr	NNS	No more tests , no more lies , no more setups .
tr	NN	The lion 's mane prevented what should have been a death blow .
tr	NNS	Screams filled the room .
tr	NNS	During the elections , opponents crawled out from under the rocks and voted against the American Empire .
tr	NNS	Excited whispers echoed around the room as people streamed in , all holding bouquets of red roses .
tr	NNS	My wrists and ankles were bleeding .
tr	NNS	" Things are going really well with him .
tr	NN	The applause rose again , and continued for some minutes until David : the Grand Master raised his hand .
tr	NNS	Werewolves can only transform during the full moon . "
tr	NNS	Hopefully its mild antiseptic qualities will serve me well .
tr	NNS	If she said anything to set him on edge , then chances were high that along with her parents , he would have soon killed her too .
tr	NN	In the end , even the priest was late and he appeared worn and tired from a long shift doing his other job .
tr	NNS	Looks like I have some shopping to do . "
tr	NN	The shield was sturdy , but the traces of alarm lingered .
tr	NN	Its sheen reflected the sun like a mirror as she stepped forward .
tr	NNS	The vast yawning emptiness drew her attention .
tr	NNS	The wolves have moved allowing me to put Reginald in Eva 's room .
tr	NN	His black T-shirt clung to his body and he was wearing cotton pants with the San Francisco Giants logo .
tr	NNS	Our experiments were ... well , let 's just say disappointing . "
tr	NNS	Others were stunning and beautiful .
tr	NNS	His surprising insecurities only made her love him more .
tr	NN	Then this one 's outline also appeared suddenly against the stars .
tr	NNS	As instructed , servants laid a large pillow beside the throne , and Nolen pulled the Mage up to it .
tr	NN	The receptionist saw her in the hallway and signaled to her that she had a call .
tr	NNS	Her movements were quick and almost frantic , as though she were desperately trying to distract herself .
tr	NNS	Shouts of surprise were a crescendo , a symphony of excited squeals and sounds of confusion .
tr	NNS	The small lizards hadn 't bothered her , but snakes , now that was something else .
tr	NNS	Sadness seemed to weigh her down .
tr	NNS	Hands draw me back into the ship .
tr	NN	Part of her believed they were talking about her , laughing about her to the faceless people on the other end of the line .
tr	NNS	Romulus yanked him to his feet and pushed him up on the other horse .
tr	NN	The thud of her heart seemed to reverberate in her chest .
tr	NNS	There were a few designers on this street who would use her to model some of their clothes to do design work .
tr	NNS	Obsidian blades were exceedingly sharp and not allowed to be held by children .
tr	NN	An ugly snort came out of Harper 's mouth .
tr	NN	His discovery of that bustier last night had created some added tension between them .
tr	NNS	Those letters made me trust you and made me feel safe in coming here . "
tr	NN	The ploy almost worked .
tr	NN	The entire squad was staring through the dingy glass , ogling her .
tr	NN	I ' ave always said dere is no accounting for taste .
tr	NNS	My teachers think my marks are good enough to get a scholarship to one of the residential colleges . '
tr	NNS	There are also some indications of militant organized tribal groups forming to the west .
tr	NN	" My fucking ear !
tr	NN	Every particle of her being was aching for this , had been aching for this since the week before .
tr	NN	At first the van stopped repeatedly for stoplights , but eventually the road cleared .
tr	NN	The pasta was settling in , as was the wine .
tr	NN	His first instinct was to arch his back and snarl .
tr	NN	The command had baffled her , but it was his home , his business .
tr	NNS	Of course styles were going to change .
tr	NN	His amused chuckle vibrated beneath me as he brought his hands up to play with the long strands of my dark hair .
tr	NN	The boot came down a second time and everything went black .
tr	NNS	" Four more contacts with the enemy , all of them with the wax spiders .
tr	NNS	Chills spread over him as he felt a heat the likes of which were unimaginable .
tr	NNS	" Our financial investments have not done well in the past few years .
tr	NN	So his demand for a retraction was likewise ridiculous .
tr	NN	His orgasm burst through him and pleasure flowed like nothing he 'd known before .
tr	NNS	The elderly ladies were already huffing and shuffling in their seats .
tr	NN	' Simple , because doing so amuses me .
tr	NN	Within a week , the Martian soil will be ready for plants to germinate in .
tr	NNS	Soft footsteps interrupted his thoughts .
tr	NN	* She is not different , * the spider replied .
tr	NNS	Your instincts led you there because those people needed help .
tr	NN	The Jeep lurched forward , accelerating on a single , unmarked lane of pristine pavement .
tr	NN	The Program kept you alive , and for that I 'm blessed .
tr	NN	" That last batch of werewolves would have killed me if Daryl , Martin Walters and Thomas Williams hadn 't shown up .
tr	NNS	Images seared across my mind in varying shades of black , white , and gray .
tr	NNS	Not even the rats dared venture down here .
tr	NN	Then after that , if all the parties are in agreement , then the contract will extend to a permanent status .
tr	NNS	Their differences would no doubt end it soon enough , but she 'd much prefer it to be later than sooner .
tr	NNS	As the next few years passed , her visits stopped and she only rarely answered my letters .
tr	NNS	Lots of activity in that head of yours but you remained unconscious until now . "
tr	NNS	Shadowy figures had gathered to stare helplessly out to sea , weapons hanging down from their hands .
tr	NNS	Nothin ' changes , baby . "
tr	NN	There was polite applause .
tr	NN	The hibernation protected the family in the well chosen den .
tr	NNS	There were fur traders as well , coming in by canoe from the far West and North , and soldiers on furlough .
tr	NN	The duke gestured to his horse .
tr	NN	Isabella was like sunshine , a living , breathing ball of happiness and energy .
tr	NN	" That insurance settlement you 're always talking about ?
tr	NNS	Other cameras kept the whole of the room under a constant surveillance .
tr	NN	Then the vigil began .
tr	NNS	For the next couple of days , nothing earth shattering happened , but then the moment I will always remember .
tr	NNS	Except in emergencies , most Others still used paper when sending an order or request to a Courtyard .
tr	NNS	The dampness of her tears spilled out on her cheeks .
tr	NN	Only a squirrel scurried up to the top of the tree and looked curiously at us .
tr	NN	A tremor shook the home with such a violence that there wasn 't a last man standing .
tr	NN	There was always the option of asking my mom for money , but my pride wouldn 't allow it .
tr	NNS	Claire 's body stiffens and her hands remain at her sides .
tr	NNS	The pupils were not entirely elongated and there was more of an eyebrow than is usual in reptiles .
tr	NNS	Sadness swelled in the room , a thickness that made my skin crawl with goose bumps .
tr	NN	" The shopping mall , too .
tr	NNS	She didn 't relax as quickly or as easily , the ramifications of finally making love to Rafe hitting her hard .
tr	NN	" The senator called this morning . "
tr	NNS	Yet for the next three hundred years attempts to teach apes to talk were notably unsuccessful .
tr	NNS	The defenders just sat there , doing nothing .
tr	NNS	Our mothers were our only allies in this world .
tr	NNS	" Things are going great .
tr	NNS	There were consequences when you 'd lived that kind of life .
tr	NN	This exercise is most successful when other children are involved and they all are required to do the " long sit . "
tr	NNS	The jewels of Carmen 's eyes corroborated her hands ' silent confession .
tr	NN	The watchman looked out through the portcullis then continued on his rounds .
tr	NNS	The drops of blood that fell into the grass lingered a moment then sizzled into wisps of dark smoke .
tr	NN	The courtyard is shaking so badly that for a second I 'm not sure I haven 't caused another earthquake .
tr	NNS	The nasty emails worried her too .
tr	NNS	After that everyone will be able to see what your cameras see .
tr	NNS	The servants moved in to collect the plates from the first course and deliver the second .
tr	NN	All satellite navigation had broken down , or been destroyed , and Winston could not rely on the continuing functionality of his internal guidance systems .
tr	NNS	Most teachers stay late on Friday , catching up on papers , making plans to hit the bars together .
tr	NNS	Foster mother number 28 howled like an animal .
tr	NN	My filming schedule is massive over the next eighteen months , which will take me out of the country quite a bit . "
tr	NN	, that priest " " He 's no priest And don 't worry .
tr	NN	" This fellow went on .
tr	NN	The angel looked upwards , watching the single deadly missile on its path .
tr	NN	That hydrochloric acid was sounding incredibly appealing right now .
tr	NNS	There were sleek , muscular , designs from Italy with names like Maserati and Ferrari .
tr	NNS	His ancestors had been keen on pyramids .
tr	NNS	Various organs were going numb .
tr	NNS	The builders had begun excavations to put in the new foundations .
tr	NNS	" The gems are not only real , but rare and of the finest quality .
tr	NNS	" Others in the city who might have had contact . "
tr	NN	The sacrifice she 'd made staggered him .
tr	NNS	Sentinels guarding the armory are unresponsive . "
tr	NNS	Dogs ran out barking as they approached .
tr	NN	Reality eluded me as I sorted what I saw -- what had brought me here ?
tr	NN	The map stopped swirling and the myriad of powders became completely motionless .
tr	NN	Their arrival had been a total surprise .
tr	NNS	Her words were soft and round , all the sharp edges filed off until she sounded like an angry wind chime .
tr	NNS	The stealth properties would 've been useful . "
tr	NNS	The edges were crumbling , but the core felt solid , and heavy .
tr	NN	A loud crash sounded from the small boathouse followed by a shout .
tr	NNS	Only the younger ladies held out any hope that Alexandra would be the first female to resist the " irresistible " Duke of Hawthorne .
tr	NNS	The possibilities of how these devices came to match one another are both frightening and too open ended to be discussed in this report .
tr	NNS	They had to learn to dance with long swords and bulky , layered costumes , while singing , no mean feat .
tr	NNS	But pirates were not a diplomatic breed .
tr	NN	Apparently , wet clothing suited him well .
tr	NNS	But the Hemi sectors are still a shambles .
tr	NNS	" Kevin , " the twins said .
tr	NNS	Dark blue tiles covered the floor and a chandelier hung overhead .
tr	NN	And the oil lamp , though it was treacherously close , made it into a little tent of sorts around her .
tr	NNS	The chances of us making it across are pretty slim with helmets .
tr	NNS	His vocal cords were tightly strung and his voice sounded tortured .
tr	NN	Only the drug lord hadn 't been sound asleep like he was supposed to have been , given that it was one in the morning .
tr	NNS	Red taillights suddenly pierced the darkness , and a black , full-size SUV pealed away from the curb .
tr	NNS	Only a few travelers and soldiers were out at this time of night .
tr	NN	" Oh , uh , no offense meant . "
tr	NN	The hunt had fallen extremely stale .
tr	NN	The database , he believes , has not physically disappeared as first thought .
tr	NNS	Henry 's constant visits scared her .
tr	NNS	" And there are burgers ... " She rolled her eyes , her fingers skimming over my abs .
tr	NN	Even the coolest , calmest thief couldn 't contain her emotions in this situation .
tr	NNS	Girls who remained only did so because they understood that leaving also meant the death of their families .
tr	NN	The concierge recognised my mother , nodding in acknowledge as we passed through the lobby and headed upstairs in an elegant glass elevator .
tr	NN	There was throat clearing behind me before typing started again in earnest .
tr	NNS	Once again , the dark , hollow cubicles of the monastery surrounded him .
tr	NNS	Guns beat out other weapons and Albert was prepared to claim ' self defense ' .
tr	NNS	Another two shove and squabble , slowing enough that we move past them .
tr	NNS	But his surroundings seemed so tangible .
tr	NN	As the priest spoke , lightning cracked and lit up the sky , making it look violet .
tr	NNS	" Young ladies do not gallop through the park on horseback , Miss Gates .
tr	NNS	There were still no signs of any of the Council .
tr	NN	The initial thrust has to be provided . "
tr	NNS	Lights from other residence switched on as he keyed the radio transmit button .
tr	NN	The determination to be silent about the facts of her married life reacted in these escapes .
tr	NNS	The boards we were strapped to raised off the floor , our shoes levitating .
tr	NNS	Yes , villagers sometimes married for love .
tr	NN	The siren grows fainter and fainter and fades to nothing before we reach the car .
tr	NN	Every day the baby dragon got lovelier .
tr	NNS	After all , the leads would still be there in the morning and his punishment was no longer as bad as it had first appeared .
tr	NNS	Crazed defenders to the south pulled riders out of their saddles as they died from the blows those riders delivered .
tr	NNS	The West fans erupted in cheers .
tr	NN	" Post creation is the time after the creation of Adam and Eve , is that clear enough for you ? "
tr	NN	" And this operation will cure the violence ? "
tr	NN	The green LED on the bottom right of the screen turned red .
tr	NNS	The torches burst back into flame as the woman used the orb that Echo had given her .
tr	NN	The healer had to examine every artery , every vein , networks of blood vessels .
tr	NN	The secretary behind them said , " I 'm sorry to interrupt you , but Mr. Walton is losing patience . "
tr	NN	The castle was cold and drafty and Basha noticed that a man walked by wearing a fur coat .
tr	NNS	There were stores , of course .
tr	NN	The adrenaline that was supposed to come in so handy during a fight was actually sapping her strength , making her light-headed .
tr	NN	His pulse hammered hard , echoing in his ears and temples , throbbing in his chest and groin .
tr	NN	Burden 's chuckle echoed through the office , cold and slick .
tr	NN	* * * * She stood before him , magnificent in her frustration , a beacon amidst the files and folders and piles of his office .
tr	NN	" Oh , blue shirt , " Link parrots .
tr	NN	He needs you , the goddess Anya had said .
tr	NNS	Just below the metal frame of the bed stead , inches from where his head had been , was a black plastic box neatly tapped underneath .
tr	NN	The second strike incinerated the contaminated heart .
tr	NN	A canvas she 'd propped on an easel and lowered so that she had a direct view .
tr	NNS	Underwater bars were the current trend .
tr	NN	No mortal on earth knew what he was .
tr	NN	A sudden whirlwind of ethereal fire encompasses Ganon 's palm , reaching out in a tornado of translucent flame .
tr	NN	" Well , apparently marble packs quite a wallop . "
tr	NN	There was a bum sleeping a little further down the alley .
tr	NN	The bastard might take her , but he 'd kill her .
tr	NNS	Others worried it might be a move to cancel Ares 4 and 5 .
tr	NNS	Cadmus would need to return to the mortal world to rule his father 's kingdom .
tr	NNS	Still her fighting skills weren 't average .
tr	NNS	" Things aren 't as simple as they look to you , Brandon . "
tr	NN	The scarlet robe signifies your willingness to sacrifice yourself for God 's purpose .
tr	NNS	Otherwise the contents of this file go to the bar association . "
tr	NN	Even Ghost was still .
tr	NN	Her command spread through the crowd , followed by calls for order .
tr	NN	The lack of scientific explanation maddened her to no end .
tr	NN	Her grandmother had been dead for years and she would be using the name only the two of them knew .
tr	NN	The van wasn 't moving and it wasn 't on the road anymore .
tr	NNS	All characters appearing in this work are fictitious .
tr	NNS	The fumes cleared his nose , but whatever it was scorched his throat when he swallowed .
tr	NN	" What coin toss ? "
tr	NN	There was no challenge , no defiance , only a calm , quiet statement .
tr	NNS	Chapter 15 That night , the pirates voted on the fate of the French captain .
tr	NNS	To their simple , degenerate minds there was only one thing to do when faced by a god more powerful than their own : convert .
tr	NNS	Sadness crept through Mad Dog 's chest , tightening it until every breath hurt .
tr	NN	A little skinny , but that 's probably because you 're not wearing all those baggy clothes . "
tr	NN	Instead of the usual reunion that was usually made up of a particular class , this reunion was for an age group of four years .
tr	NN	The government of St. Lucy offered him a job when the National Institute of Health -- the NIH -- closed its doors back in the USA .
tr	NN	" Almost drowning was pretty scary , huh ? "
tr	NNS	The other actors and the audience relaxed .
tr	NNS	All the ladies tell me so . "
tr	NN	The air-conditioning pumping through the vent above Bart 's head made him cold .
tr	NN	Another huge , flat-panel television dominated the space above the mantel .
tr	NN	A soft sob escaped her ; she pressed her fist to her mouth , biting down to stop the scream that wanted to rip from her .
tr	NN	A swirl of expectation swam in her veins , side by side with a few slim threads of reality .
tr	NN	The vicar was scratching his head .
tr	NNS	Then the angry murmurs begin when the words are understood .
tr	NN	The tech said with a shake of her head .
tr	NN	A wrinkle formed between Adam 's eyebrows as he looked away .
tr	NN	The duel was practice and it was punishment .
tr	NN	" Tear gas , " he whispered into my ear .
tr	NN	But hey , maybe if you weren 't such a miserable failure , we wouldn 't have ended up this way . "
tr	NN	There was an aura of authority to the person Nate cautiously approached , which distilled an uneasiness in him .
tr	NNS	Even the butterflies with their colored tissue wings , have leaned in to witness the absurdity .
tr	NNS	" Things like bolts from the gauntlets or lasers . "
tr	NNS	" Nah , not likely at this speed The radiator fans would blow them off anyway .
tr	NN	They are , as she puts it , ' a matched set ' now .
tr	NNS	And our mothers are no worse looking than them . "
tr	NN	Her daughter-in-law might not do better , but she certainly wouldn 't do any worse than Jacqueline had .
tr	NN	" A singer , " she said , stepping past the snowmobile picture to one that was a zoo panorama .
tr	NNS	Others shout and mumble in agreement .
tr	NN	Every sentence seemed to be preceded by ' please ' and he was greeted at every turn .
tr	NNS	Still , my footsteps quickened as I moved deeper into the shelves of books to finish my task .
tr	NNS	" There are new cases coming in and this one is over except for the tidying up .
tr	NNS	" My apologies , Captain .
tr	NNS	Then back in the nineties when everyone was terrified of Y2K , some scholars repeated the old misconception and cashed in on it .
tr	NNS	The famous high French ceilings were so low now that even Mary Ann almost had to stoop under the beams .
tr	NN	The demon leader turned to Z. " Are you fighting with us ? "
tr	NNS	My demands would be absolute . "
tr	NN	The exercise had done her good .
tr	NN	" My secretary is away at the moment .
tr	NNS	His inquiries had lost their vigour ; he staged them more for the sake of wont than for truly expecting answers .
tr	NNS	Folks needed to stop jumping when the big , bad wolf growled .
tr	NNS	The opening strains of a Strauss waltz filled the room , and the dancers looked about in confusion .
tr	NNS	As though the numerous pairs acted as one , the blades began to spin and then fly toward him .
tr	NN	Where was the pup ?
tr	NNS	It was in his eyes , too , his pupils dilated and consumed the brown irises .
tr	NNS	Cassius buried his head in my hair and wrapped his arms around me tightly .
tr	NN	There is natural light streaming through the room , but I see no windows .
tr	NNS	More spacious , partly due to the fact that the bed was a full , not a queen .
tr	NNS	My instincts had been right .
tr	NN	The palazzo is in an uproar .
tr	NNS	" Maybe Lea 's punches really hurt that much . "
tr	NNS	Things were going badly .
tr	NNS	Officials knew sometimes athletes were simply going too fast to stop in time .
tr	NN	Rescue would show up in an hour or so .
tr	NNS	Our tongues and lips met .
tr	NN	Love walked back to his desk pulled out his chair and sat down .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of the child charged through my spirit as I immersed myself in the devotion she had for our son .
tr	NN	The estimated audience was eighty million .
tr	NN	There was a new slice in her clothes .
tr	NN	A single scratch and the bodies dissolved like paper being consumed by an invisible fire , leaving behind only a large stain of blackness in the air .
tr	NN	In an age of wishes , that artifact has become the wish without chains . "
tr	NN	Washoe 's progress with ASL was rapid ; by 1971 , she had a vocabulary of 160 signs , which she used in conversation .
tr	NNS	The ceiling tiles were old and water stained .
tr	NN	The latest batch of cookies was cooling on the tray .
tr	NN	Expensive stereo equipment accompanies it , reminding me of how the Rejects operate .
tr	NNS	Gold coins spilled into his palm .
tr	NNS	The companions stopped discussing their options while partaking of this meal .
tr	NNS	Parts of the floor started to move and rise and a shockwave went towards the Queen and struck her .
tr	NNS	His footsteps echoed like a death knell when he walked away .
tr	NN	The plant , he saw , was now in the trash bin .
tr	NNS	The calluses were back , courtesy of chopping wood , but his fingertips were still smooth .
tr	NN	The poor bastard beside him went quiet , and now there was only the sound of the monster devouring its kill .
tr	NN	But no combat flying .
tr	NNS	Kris dropped her mouth open .
tr	NNS	Marius did not despise the power to fly , as he knew Pandora did , nevertheless it invariably chastened him .
tr	NNS	Now the vials and measuring instruments were threatening .
tr	NNS	Moses thought for a moment , as he pushed the remnants of his meal around his plate .
tr	NN	* * * In the hallway the elation hit like a semi-trailer .
tr	NNS	Sniffing at the air the dark creatures shifted their attention to hunting down this threat to their freedom .
tr	NN	The stench of rotting eggs and hidden fish had filled the complex , and no amount of spray or candles had diminished it .
tr	NN	" My deep appreciation stems from the fact that it appears you are the only one who is going to extend one .
tr	NN	A soaring spark set fire to parts of the roof .
tr	NNS	Marius bent down and helped her to her feet .
tr	NN	The familiar command took her back .
tr	NN	The dark god 's visage seemed to have changed .
tr	NNS	There were no blasts of wind .
tr	NN	A ll who love you will die .
tr	NN	This fellow was very odd .
tr	NNS	Words can barely describe how grateful I am for that fact .
tr	NNS	Down below , the owls started up again .
tr	NN	The bullet had shattered the ridge of bone above his right eye .
tr	NN	My uncle says they 'll last another week or two without the old guy around .
tr	NN	The cart moved forward again .
tr	NN	Her dizziness worsened and her empty stomach heaved .
tr	NN	A deep roar rumbled in my chest and I immediately shifted back to my human form .
tr	NNS	Several varieties , yes , Vanessa said .
tr	NN	" That cupboard has a false back . "
tr	NN	Or ' vote by fraud ' as its affectionately called .
tr	NNS	" Why aren 't the zombies attacking us ? "
tr	NN	" Wonder whose car that is , " my uncle said .
tr	NNS	Things ... wil be intense once the transfer happens .
tr	NN	Then there was that giant plume of smoke ... " " You wondered what could be enough to frighten them away ? "
tr	NN	The priest had warned them that their new bodies within these other worlds were mortal .
tr	NNS	About six inches separated each seat , which was probably too close for anyone 's comfort .
tr	NN	The hunger makes men do strange things . "
tr	NN	Did her grandmother love her ?
tr	NNS	Burn fans , you 're show 's in trouble .
tr	NN	My grandmother may want to go see her .
tr	NN	There 's also an external port currently hooked up to an interfaced hemodialysis machine .
tr	NN	So the healer is going to perform surgery on you to make you look like one of them and equip you with a translator . "
tr	NN	The presentation should have been better .
tr	NNS	The ladies finally left .
tr	NNS	There are many urgent cases that arrived at my attention long before your sister 's disappearance . "
tr	NNS	Things had finally quieted down somewhat so Jason and I started toward the school , but ran across his mom just a few feet away .
tr	NNS	There were several couples outside , strolling the stone terrace , but she didn 't see Samuel 's distinctive silhouette .
tr	NNS	The characters , events , and settings of the story are all a work of fiction and a product of the writer 's imagination .
tr	NNS	Elias tipped his hat and left .
tr	NNS	The figures were moving !
tr	NNS	" Fifty packets , " Kowalski called from the bed .
tr	NNS	More Shadowhunters were coming up the path along the Gard Hill .
tr	NN	" Then you risk Anna , this exchange requires patience .
tr	NN	Absent adequate financing , out running this group of heavy hitters became almost impossible .
tr	NN	Essentially , the cart is just a gadget to filter and transfer fuel .
tr	NN	The witch 's illusion faded when he thought about the feminine spirits , even if her black blood was still wet on his blade .
tr	NNS	Looks like the clown gets the last laugh after all .
tr	NN	The mortal blinked slowly and then nodded .
tr	NN	The roller coaster his presence sent my emotions on was overwhelming .
tr	NN	The policeman started up the motor of the ' copter , and the blades began to turn .
tr	NNS	My nostrils flared , as I took a deep breath to keep from choking her .
tr	NN	" A few years ago , our unit came home from a tour of duty in an ugly place .
tr	NNS	The spikes of sunlight faded .
tr	NN	The paint on this one was a myriad of golds with a few highlights of crimson .
tr	NNS	Things have been pretty rough .
tr	NNS	Things I 've been too much of a coward to admit , even to myself .
tr	NNS	Starbucks has fallen backwards over the Grass Man .
tr	NN	The nursery faded , replaced by the interior of an airplane .
tr	NNS	Americus chuckled lightly with a shake of his head .
tr	NN	My core pulsed as I felt Walker doing something with my hands as they fell free of the handcuffs .
tr	NN	" See that you do , " whined the Cursed Hand .
tr	NNS	Names , characters and incidents are products of the author 's imagination .
tr	NN	Jane nodded , her spine shivered .
tr	NNS	" She 's a bit eccentric , dresses oddly , and doesn 't much care for the formalities of being a Queen .
tr	NNS	As people get older and see the world for what it is , their minds tend to dwindle .
tr	NNS	The laces loosened and spread under his fingers .
tr	NN	There was a time limit now .
tr	NNS	Folks clamored for Mitch 's insufferable tirades on property taxes and city zoning .
tr	NN	Chance , the sheriff , and a couple of guys from the funeral home stood watching the doctor complete his rudimentary exam .
tr	NNS	Maks stood and moved toward the stove .
tr	NNS	Even her twin had doubts .
tr	NNS	Nerves surged through my body like waves in the ocean .
tr	NN	The commander eyed him suspiciously .
tr	NNS	All those precious chips the students had been vying for earlier now littered the deck like forgotten bits of confetti .
tr	NNS	Girls come and go , but you and Shay are few and far between , don 't you agree ? "
tr	NNS	But there were degrees .
tr	NN	Every single imaginable scenario for your life will play out , given enough time .
tr	NN	A loud sniffle came through the earpiece .
tr	NN	A bullet sliced across Sean 's chest , and he gave up trying to be nice .
tr	NNS	And wolves that were contained in a zoo and then escape to find a life of freedom are certainly underdogs .
tr	NNS	Unless Cutter had lost about seventy pounds and developed a decided glide to his walk , those footsteps didn 't belong to him .
tr	NNS	Several letters and newspapers had reached them along the way , when quicker frigates passed the laboring bulk of the Allegiance .
tr	NNS	The effects of the vampire 's charms were slowly wearing away , but this wasn 't a trance .
tr	NN	He was sitting in a weak shaft of daylight , his skin ivory pale .
tr	NN	Although she smiled at his response , her manner remained serious .
tr	NNS	His nostrils worked ; he could smell the bit of beef in my hand .
tr	NNS	Reyes waited by the door , still and silent .
tr	NNS	Questions about what lay above them nagged at her from inside her skull .
tr	NNS	Both their smiles fade as mom scolds me with just a ' Jonah ! '
tr	NNS	All my bras I had before were no-nonsense , plain things that served their purpose .
tr	NNS	Looks like NASA and the President are back in the fight . "
tr	NN	The master sergeant looked up from the papers he was studying and smiled .
tr	NNS	As each cell was released , the nonsensical colors took shape as a green forest in the dark of night .
tr	NN	The cost benefit analysis was very good .
tr	NN	A clump of cobwebs sprouted from the rotten scalp , drifting slowly in the frozen wind .
tr	NN	The balcony itself was wide and semi-circular in shape with a waist-high concrete balustrade , and perched over the back garden .
tr	NNS	The tests multiplied , became more accurate .
tr	NNS	Hephaestus saw her and looked from her to Zeus and then back again .
tr	NN	When we had finished relating everything the committee asked some questions to reaffirm things or fill in the blanks or clarify .
tr	NNS	There were distant , muffled booms and the occasional pops of gunfire .
tr	NNS	The electric motors driving the gears began to furl the main and genoa sails .
tr	NN	Their pilot was staring out of the window .
tr	NNS	Evil creatures burned and tortured .
tr	NNS	" The zombies are either getting smarter or they 're just plain getting lucky .
tr	NN	Love could have simply been out for a drive or going about on a task .
tr	NN	My contract is one of the best . "
tr	NN	" What does the legend have to do with the Blood once being all female , and why didn 't we keep it that way ? "
tr	NNS	" Your boobs are about to fall out of your shirt . "
tr	NN	The dragon dove straight for them , screaming as it came .
tr	NN	This gnawing ache deep inside my chest , below my scar .
tr	NN	A sob tries to fight its way out of my throat .
tr	NNS	More than once , colleagues had recommended the name of a good therapist and confided that the person had helped them .
tr	NN	Ryan 's reference to Ellie as loyal made her feel unworthy .
tr	NN	The bullet whacked up dust beside them .
tr	NNS	But it 's not just New England , factories are shutting down everywhere .
tr	NNS	Images of Vale 's death would haunt him for the rest of his life .
tr	NNS	His fears were rampant .
tr	NNS	The wolves were too busy fighting the flames and the other shooters .
tr	NN	Her silken skirts rustled .
tr	NN	A gleam of interest sparked in her eyes .
tr	NN	The hunt took the pack elsewhere and Snowball 's mind returned to the roaring fire and two people who loved her .
tr	NN	Every once in a while , the TV would break into my slumber , but I found the sound comforting .
tr	NN	The lieutenant wasn 't pleased to see them , and he wasn 't happy about Joel being shirtless .
tr	NN	The fuel tank loomed over him .
tr	NNS	The members of the dysfunctional unit 385 hadn 't yet realized that obedience came as a result of personal effort , rather than cooperation .
tr	NN	My first inclination was to insist Jared hold up his end of their bargain , but protecting me meant protecting our child .
tr	NN	The little bitch had made him look a fool .
tr	NNS	His Alpha commands still did not affect me , but as a father he could manipulate our new blooded bond if he chose .
tr	NNS	Others disappeared into the mountains .
tr	NN	The copper haired girl sat up chuckling .
tr	NNS	Hands reached through my earthy tomb and dragged me into a clear space .
tr	NN	' We will , ' Love replied .
tr	NNS	Others who knew him only saw the way he lied , cheated , swindled and manipulated people .
tr	NNS	" Office suites , " Pauling said .
tr	NNS	The ladies laughed and clapped as the bell ringer counted out seven chimes of the bell .
tr	NNS	" The symptoms that something was going on started about a month ago . "
tr	NNS	The automatic factories and the robots are assembling the towns one after the other ... Here they don 't need us anymore ! "
tr	NNS	Then the tentacles were around me again , dragging me under once more .
tr	NN	" Your sympathy for my pain is overwhelming . "
tr	NN	Besides , this little interruption has given me the perfect opportunity to whip out that new lingerie .
tr	NN	The surgeon removed the bloody gloves and tossed them carelessly into the sink .
tr	NNS	Apparently the board members have been sharing what they knew about Elizabeth 's fight for autonomy . "
tr	NNS	Normally , these attempts at conversation flickered out with the first sports reference of the morning , but today Peter beamed at Dad across the table .
tr	NNS	The four ladies were in the kitchen , industriously packing away into Tupperware containers what looked like it had until recently been a large spread of food .
tr	NNS	The colors of the Painted Maidens shine bright under the glittering minerals of the cavern hallways .
tr	NNS	Many factions in the Lore shared collective property , but the witches were the opposite - everything in the covens was about private ownership .
tr	NNS	" No promises , Harper , but I 'll keep you posted . "
tr	NNS	Wind gusts through my hair and a drizzle of rain escapes into the foyer as the door swings open .
tr	NN	As I pondered that , a long , thick green speckled snake slithered out of the river and coiled itself in front of me .
tr	NNS	The floors and walls were all bare wood and simply breath taking .
tr	NN	Jesse 's condition wasn 't common knowledge , but you knew .
tr	NN	" Happy birthday , Miss Dawson , " Al said with a quiet smile .
tr	NNS	Where are those cruisers ? "
tr	NNS	The wolves began to wag their tales and roll about on the pavement stones like giant puppies .
tr	NNS	Small furry paws pounced up on the foot of her bed and reflective eyes regarded her with caution .
tr	NNS	Rufus silently praying he had the right beans as he walked up the dirt pathway to his house .
tr	NNS	Their exchanges are always entertaining for all of us .
tr	NNS	As soon as our eyes met both of our battle instincts kicked in .
tr	NN	The goblin nodded and bustled into Alistair 's room .
tr	NNS	Her relatives should all be at the wedding .
tr	NNS	Waves of panic swept over her and bile burned at the base of her throat .
tr	NN	" No kidding , " Violet said .
tr	NNS	Nah , there weren 't any ghosts here at all .
tr	NN	" There 's a revolution on in Spain right now you know . "
tr	NN	The crown , however , still remained tightly clenched in that twisted left hand .
tr	NNS	The servants around the table leaned forward , white caps and dark and light heads bent as hands reached for the pieces and started sorting .
tr	NN	The pulse reached maximum intensity as the particles were combined and the first subatomic particles were released .
tr	NN	The first major new drug introduction was the substance lithium carbonate .
tr	NN	A captain who crossed the T was one who had his broadside facing the bow of an enemy .
tr	NNS	" The resources are not well utilized .
tr	NN	For one thing , the mob had now learned that a palace door can be opened by banging on it .
tr	NN	A shrill whistle sounded and a voice over loudspeaker commanded that the games should begin .
tr	NN	A blush shot through his face .
tr	NN	The fat drops soak my hair and pajamas as I search for a way down .
tr	NNS	The warriors stood silent , no one would enter the pit this day , they were satisfied , the Rite of Kings had been done .
tr	NN	The captain hit the throttle as the assistant freed the release on the tether .
tr	NNS	The burns on your hands are considerably less and should heal much faster .
tr	NNS	There 's graffiti everywhere , so I put a big black X on the pavement where you 're meant to stand .
tr	NN	Within about ten minutes , the wheelbarrow is already half full of tins of food .
tr	NNS	Screams rose from the worshipers , cries for mercy .
tr	NNS	A few paces beyond where the trail vanished in the blackness , the main corridor ended in a wide , heavily bolted metal door .
tr	NNS	" What are his ideas ? "
tr	NNS	The rats appeared to be used to it ; they continued to lie still and enjoy the nap .
tr	NN	" Your mommy 's going to be fine , kiddo .
tr	NN	Behind me , a lawn mower droned in the early sun .
tr	NN	After months of dirty , sweaty living conditions in Iraq , five percent cleaner was better than what he had been accustomed to in desert operations .
tr	NNS	The truth was , the ugly creatures turned her stomach .
tr	NNS	Tiny drops of scalding oil hit his cheeks and stung .
tr	NN	" They have gone home for Christmas and will have to find other accommodations when they return for the next session , " the captain conveyed .
tr	NNS	Reyes asked with a frown .
tr	NNS	Two shots rang out .
tr	NNS	Things would get very bad indeed if it stole all the air from us again .
tr	NN	Any manner of things might be .
tr	NN	" But the bullet is still in there , and getting it out is going to hurt as much as it did going in . "
tr	NN	The little bitch doesn 't need you by her side ? "
tr	NN	His manner while questioning the waiter , watchful , aware , like the elite veteran he was .
tr	NN	" Love is all I have ever wanted in this immortal life .
tr	NNS	" Your Highness , I trust you 're doing well ? "
tr	NNS	Others were still at home healing from their battle wounds of that night .
tr	NNS	Her footsteps echoed in the cold staircase and then were gone .
tr	NNS	My bare footsteps sound hollow against the perfect white stones beneath them .
tr	NN	His boot had found too good of a mark on Fang 's chest for it to have been by chance .
tr	NN	His entire posture screamed leave me the hell alone , and even though I wanted to go to him , I kept my distance .
tr	NNS	Your Highness , Count and Countess Calderon came to me .
tr	NN	Gina 's plumbing made him a one in a million shot at best .
tr	NNS	As we climbed our way down into one of the ravines , our fears of being trapped became justified .
tr	NN	But the context is that all kinds of public services in general have been shut down .
tr	NN	My pulse had finally started to slow down .
tr	NNS	Three werewolves were in the room with her .
tr	NN	The bullet makes impact .
tr	NNS	To the centre all the roads ran between their chains .
tr	NN	The villa was on a lake and far from other houses .
tr	NNS	The restaurants in the plaza were dead -- two weren 't even open , and the others had about two people in each .
tr	NNS	Two open style open coaches stood facing them .
tr	NN	" That is correct , " said the dragon .
tr	NNS	The light fades and the vortex is before me once more , as it slows , the images now come into focus .
tr	NN	There was no explanation about what kind of criteria must be present in order for the Phoenix or Void energy to take root .
tr	NN	" Get the last one , " said Marius as the first of the trucks passed the dune , chasing after the sedan .
tr	NN	" Such a little fighter , " Robert purred .
tr	NN	Her birthmark went on fire .
tr	NN	The police captain interposed his bulk between the adversaries .
tr	NNS	His pupils were like pins .
tr	NN	Perhaps Roman 's melancholy matched hers , because they rode home in silence .
tr	NN	her grandmother chimed in , " does he have a work ethic , or is he likely to call in sick on a whim ?
tr	NNS	She could understand his frustration over losing full custody of his daughter , fears of the next judge 's hearing upsetting Nina 's world even more .
tr	NNS	There were still old supplies lying around , so Sara took the advantage .
tr	NNS	The footsteps faded , the yells from the other officers disappearing in the distance .
tr	NN	The cellar is filling with smoke .
tr	NN	And there , hidden in the dark shade of two gigantic cedar trees , was the fern grotto .
tr	NNS	Asa 's loyalties were so cloudy , his obedience so grudging ; to have a slave who obeyed from slavish adoration rather than fear might prove useful .
tr	NN	His guilt was too much for him to bear .
tr	NNS	Gross receipts right on track .
tr	NN	A rustling of feathers brought her to her feet .
tr	NN	The biggest challenge for indie authors is finding an audience .
tr	NNS	Others could pretend that monsters weren 't real , but she 'd never wanted to hide from that truth .
tr	NNS	But the drums continued to beat , faster and louder .
tr	NN	the two Masters cried in stunned horror .
tr	NNS	Sadness washes over me , endless waves crashing against a lonely shore .
tr	NN	That she was still the paranormal bad-ass that others had to fear .
tr	NN	And my hunger had nothing to do with the case .
tr	NNS	Primary sources are always best -- you should know that in your line of work . "
tr	NNS	The mattress dipped as he scooted closer .
tr	NNS	The locations sounded familiar to the Prince , as they matched the intelligence report he 'd been given .
tr	NN	A gag escaped her as Devon grasped hold of its head , twisting it with enough force to rip it off .
tr	NN	" Your brand new degree won 't be all that useful in a small town . "
tr	NNS	Cars were rushing by on the street .
tr	NNS	Our kisses didn 't stop .
tr	NN	An adult could have saved him if one was present , but he had no savior .
tr	NN	An icon spun on the screen , indicating it was verifying my password .
tr	NN	" Then there is no perfect model . "
tr	NN	" But the Gypsy told you to let it hang loose . "
tr	NNS	The more brilliant colors of the leaves had faded to brown , and already as many were on the ground as on the trees .
tr	NN	He ' l take over the entire team .
tr	NNS	She tipped her head to the side and those long , dark strands brushed her shoulders .
tr	NNS	Girls are safe around this tree .
tr	NNS	Thoughts continued to swirl around in my head , but I didn 't have to ask myself , to consider , to decide .
tr	NNS	Chapter 19 A Meeting at the Crossroads The companions burst through the trees and into the light at a reckless speed .
tr	NN	The Undead Guardian himself appeared to rock on his heels .
tr	NNS	" The chances for success are good , and the chances for survival are good , but there are dangers involved that could cost you your life .
tr	NNS	The rearmost seats had been removed , replaced by simple wooden shelves built into the sides of the bus .
tr	NNS	One after another , the pricks came with constant , never-ending stabs like a swarm of bee stings .
tr	NNS	The wolf 's actions were just to the contrary .
tr	NNS	The drops filled the sky .
tr	NN	" The audience can rip open Eau de Sewer when they read about the cast .
tr	NNS	The elves slowly walked about chatting quietly while they were in her sight .
tr	NN	A small sob shook my throat and he slid off the bed , looking frustrated with me but gathering me in his arms .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of the party last night tumbled around in my exhaustion addled brain .
tr	NN	Their first birthday , just a few months after Derek 's death , had brought them an avalanche of toys .
tr	NN	But the weeping ceased .
tr	NN	" Or the more likely scenario is that they have the traffic blocked at the interstate exit .
tr	NN	Her balance was improving .
tr	NNS	Alexis leaned in to his words .
tr	NNS	Things were a mess .
tr	NN	Their explanation calmed El Rey , but he remained doubtful and with many questions .
tr	NN	His kitten was a tigress in bed , one who rolled , scratched , and bit with abandoned fervor .
tr	NN	Yellow police tape blocked public access to the alley .
tr	NN	This year , my mother-in-law lost her battle with bone cancer .
tr	NN	The vacation he had planned was a three week camp out in the State Forest Preserve that started only twenty miles to the east .
tr	NNS	Hands unbuckled Moist and helped him to his feet .
tr	NNS	Sebastian 's wrists were bare ; around Jace 's left wrist , a silver circlet gleamed .
tr	NNS	The cottages where the families of the Payson Church had once lived were on the other side of the island .
tr	NN	" Way to detect the trap , Cass .
tr	NN	The secretary knew the name was a fake one , and kept reminding Liz by pausing dramatically after she used it .
tr	NN	But on the bright side , there was my grandmother with the three huge breasts .
tr	NNS	Waves of desire rose in him with the waves of drunken giddiness .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of Ed lying in the mud , waiting for decay ... he was too beautiful to simply let rot .
tr	NNS	Questions raced through Gretchen 's mind with no easy answers following behind .
tr	NN	" The mayor isn 't coming back , at least not when we need him . "
tr	NN	The thud of the man 's fist connecting with Finn 's jaw sounded through the room , echoing off the scattered card tables and chairs .
tr	NNS	" My apologies , " the vampire said to the stranger nervously .
tr	NNS	So chances are better in Prescott or Prescott Valley .
tr	NN	A short gravel lane led maybe a hundred yards to the asphalt road .
tr	NN	The brunette off to his right didn 't seem to mind .
tr	NN	Her grandmother chuckled softly ; her eyes twinkled as she nodded .
tr	NNS	Between her thighs the scales grab onto each other forcing her legs to mold into a tail .
tr	NN	Were there any other assassins lurking ?
tr	NNS	Choir Dogs lived up to Darius ' billing .
tr	NNS	My fellow passengers think that talking with someone will prevent Earth from shooting at us . "
tr	NN	The gown she wore now was the only party gown she had been allowed to keep .
tr	NN	The deafening " tramp , tramp " of booted feet resounded over the courtyard .
tr	NNS	The teachers seem to find something wrong with everything .
tr	NN	Well , the principal told me Mrs. Doherty is retiring next year and they were looking for a local native Irish speaker to fill the position .
tr	NN	The villa is fifty meters farther , on a bank .
tr	NN	Her palette lay upside down on the bed .
tr	NN	A reference to the heavyweight boxing contest held in Kinshasa , Zaire on 30th October 1974 between Muhammad Ali and George Foreman .
tr	NN	Instead , a bullet bounced out of the chamber .
tr	NN	So far the picnic had been wonderful ; it had gone better than I had even hoped for .
tr	NN	" The noose has been there for some time .
tr	NNS	' The summer winds are soft and warm ' They blow from desert and waving palm .
tr	NN	The first time Ricky dodged away .
tr	NNS	There were more than two tickets in the pile .
tr	NNS	If he could now keep control of this conversation , the strangeness of Snowball 's DNA might result in her being given to me .
tr	NN	" A charter signed by each Earl that hands control of the golf club over to the Committee whilst retaining the titular title of Club President . "
tr	NN	The principal walked to the microphone and tapped it twice , causing an ear-splitting sound to emanate from the speakers .
tr	NNS	Things were looking up , but it all took a lot of energy .
tr	NN	This very Self is indeed That which you are seeking .
tr	NN	Aside from that , the company van was in the driveway with telephone number printed in large , bold letters .
tr	NN	When he broke through into the pounding wind , the harness was still out of reach .
tr	NN	The small dwelling was hot and stuffy , but she was afraid to open windows or turn the conditioner of air on for fear of waking Krueger .
tr	NN	He winked at me , a flutter in my chest made me feel like I was choking .
tr	NN	" A charming notion , do you not think ? "
tr	NN	If she realized that he was hiding pages ... The cart was going to stay behind , here at the bottom .
tr	NNS	Others worked the gardens with children at their sides , weeds in hand .
tr	NN	Their loyalty is above reproach , and I have spoken to them of the dangers to come .
tr	NN	If there happened to be a dispute between a baron and an ordinary freeman , the baron always won .
tr	NNS	Its contents swirled with a dark grey , shimmering color .
tr	NNS	" Your siblings might hear . "
tr	NN	" Well , don 't just stand there , " her uncle said , moving closer and dragging her into the room .
tr	NNS	My breath blasts out of me as my attacker 's body falls against mine .
tr	NNS	Barnabas saw it , then cleared his throat to get Ron 's attention .
tr	NNS	Pieced together from shredded fabrics of all different sizes and shapes , the edges left raw where they 'd been seamed together .
tr	NNS	Those tests appeared unethical , and Richard sent an anonymous letter to the base commander threatening to expose Dr. Stone .
tr	NN	The flashlight was rolling on the floor .
tr	NNS	Thin streams of light ebbed in through the roof too .
tr	NN	After a short pause , his uncle replied : " Yes .
tr	NNS	Then the scales began to burn away , smoking , sizzling , leaving only more of that ugly bone .
tr	NN	His briefcase didn 't make it .
tr	NN	Atop the landing was a remarkably plain but functional stone altar .
tr	NN	The footman nodded and left , walking with the same methodical pace he had witnessed all the servants of the Manor use .
tr	NN	The only other option was my birthday suit as he 'd confiscated all my other clothes and hidden them somewhere within the massive penthouse he called home .
tr	NN	The radio unit suggested there were other similar units dotted around but not many and none on our route .
tr	NNS	Because really , what were the chances that he 'd hail from the gambling Mecca ?
tr	NNS	The colours and tone of the decoration were of total red , crimson , and pink .
tr	NN	The lodge was something of a safe haven -- a collection of our best family vacations .
tr	NNS	The shouts of the crowd that had converged on the Palace gates were strangely absent .
tr	NNS	Then the few remaining scraps of humanity I think I have left kick in , and those superficial and negative thoughts float away .
tr	NNS	Still staring at the jukebox , the three band members spoke over the top of each other .
tr	NN	His blush deepened , and I gave myself five more points .
tr	NN	The tumble of stones in the center was a large fire pit piled with wood that was ready for a flame 's kiss .
tr	NNS	The ads I 'd seen had depicted people on the floor , the chairs , standing , against the walls , on the bar , everywhere .
tr	NNS	However , the accusations and hysteria worsened as her last month of pregnancy progressed .
tr	NNS	When I wake the next morning , Emerson 's kisses feel like a dream .
tr	NNS	Too bad the newspapers couldn 't get a load of me now .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , his dramatic efforts worked on everyone but me .
tr	NNS	As it happened , the straws confirmed what the girls had requested the previous day .
tr	NN	Would y ' like t ' wear one , Councilman ?
tr	NNS	But her efforts seemed futile .
tr	NNS	Then , as she gazed in surprise , the letters changed to read , HURRY UP !
tr	NNS	In fact , both national governments had essentially ceased to exist .
tr	NNS	My grandparents would help .
tr	NNS	If he spun the wheel , the metal bars would shift inward a few inches , clearing the welded braces on both sides of the door .
tr	NNS	The drugs are a minor issue at this point .
tr	NN	The vote was unanimous .
tr	NN	The jangling of the phone brought everyone upright tipping Jen onto the floor .
tr	NNS	Things started out strong the night of the club , but after that , Dom didn 't really say much .
tr	NNS	" However , the difficult shots are yet to come . "
tr	NN	Her pulse , I learned , was super low .
tr	NNS	These races can wear you out if you 're not used to them .
tr	NNS	And all the hum drum functions of the day went on along with it in inexorable monotony .
tr	NNS	To be sure , the densely sober minds of the Church bristled at the utter outrageousness of Joanna Hutchinson 's memoir .
tr	NNS	The footsteps were gaining on her , though .
tr	NNS	The healers were closely monitoring Branden 's condition , and there was one in the reception room of his suite when they arrived .
tr	NN	His twin wasn 't right for her , and never had been .
tr	NNS	The trust funds from their fathers had ensured that neither of them had to work for a living , ever , if they didn 't choose to .
tr	NN	Zook 's visage was peaceful , but Sye could see the excited flicker behind his eyelids .
tr	NN	This eruption shouldn 't be happening .
tr	NNS	There are still too many ideas , but she is working to get them out as fast as she can .
tr	NN	" The bloody willow killed Butch Camden !
tr	NNS	The actors shifted uncomfortably .
tr	NNS	The hostages had escaped and they needed to take appropriate measures to get them back before they were seen by the general public .
tr	NNS	Mathematical equations , no matter how convoluted , cannot avoid following each minute step in the evolution of the scene .
tr	NN	On the nursery clock , a little woolly lamb rocked the seconds away .
tr	NNS	Things had changed a little since the last time I 'd gone shoe shopping .
tr	NN	You know , " I teased halfheartedly , " this whole secrecy and deception thing is kind of a pain . "
tr	NNS	Moses had no choice but to follow him .
tr	NNS	Their targets had made a fortunate and cunning escape from the Milne Ice Shelf , but it would not be repeated .
tr	NN	He peers up at me , his slate eyes black against the inadequate lighting of the lamp .
tr	NN	The majority of the town 's folk were members , but not all .
tr	NN	Reaching into his utility belt , the ring leader pulled a small directed energy weapon that was set to kill , not stun .
tr	NNS	The clips were mostly from student films , overly Serious and Meaningful , everyone trying too hard to Act except for him .
tr	NN	The unicorn looked around and then gave a whistle .
tr	NNS	The werewolves claimed vampires were soulless , bloodsucking monsters with no shred of humanity or decency .
tr	NNS	Its frantic movements made me begin to run .
tr	NNS	" Separate , these gems have no real use other than decoration .
tr	NN	The treaty was too easy for them .
tr	NNS	Silver letters began to appear .
tr	NN	Holding me with his strong , tender hands .
tr	NNS	There were occasional splashes of color in a few paintings that were hung on the walls and carefully placed pieces of décor .
tr	NN	Denise 's small import remained in the garage .
tr	NN	This particular page began with a single paragraph that took all the wind out of her sails .
tr	NNS	These three attributes are simultaneously present in all humans , even while different people may have different mix of the three attributes .
tr	NN	" Milk or orange juice ? "
tr	NNS	The suns hadn 't moved far through the sky .
tr	NNS	The strips continued licking at the air like tiny solar flares , raging with fire but not burning up in the least .
tr	NN	The parade began down the Champs-Elysées .
tr	NN	12 Denison tried to beat down his self-consciousness .
tr	NN	A fathomless debt has no repayment plan ... . . "
tr	NN	As was his custom , it was already dangling from his mouth , his lighter cocked in his right hand ready for ignition .
tr	NN	" No map is entirely accurate .
tr	NN	There was a strange serenity about him now , but it had a dark edge .
tr	NN	A small speedboat approached the shore slowing as it neared .
tr	NN	JJ would never let a Lynchburg linebacker get anywhere near me .
tr	NN	Violet 's guilt was one I knew al too wel .
tr	NNS	' How long have these paintings been here ? '
tr	NN	" Her recovery is remarkable .
tr	NNS	But the surroundings are slightly smaller than they 've been .
tr	NN	" My college career doesn 't have much to do with the senator and what she did to my dad .
tr	NN	Part of you , I 'm sure , suspected it , and another part loathes me for not telling you sooner .
tr	NN	A network of silvery veins existed under the semi-transparent shell .
tr	NN	Just a strip of tarmac lined either side by overhanging trees .
tr	NN	The pattern around his ankles fell loose as Axa focused her stamina on his sphere , and he took a few menacing steps towards her .
tr	NN	A blob of black fabric flew through the air , hitting my chest before crumpling to the floor .
tr	NN	" Will do , " the brunette said , laughing .
tr	NNS	" Things are looking up . "
tr	NN	Her belly fluttered with the promise of his words .
tr	NN	Their tribe was small , the hunt more difficult .
tr	NNS	Still only the private areas were in use .
tr	NN	" The steak I had the other night left a lot to be desired . "
tr	NN	" Nikko ... " The husky had kept his seat , looking no worse for the impact .
tr	NN	Each suitor Amber turned away , unable to bear their touch or experience their lingering pain .
tr	NN	I slide between the sheets in my boxers , trying to stay turned away from her so she won 't see how hard my dick is .
tr	NNS	Looks unhappy , as though she 's suffered a lot .
tr	NN	However the Black Gorilla Monster only looked at him and silently merged back into the shadows .
tr	NNS	Your fears are groundless .
tr	NN	There was no avenue of escape available .
tr	NN	Each tack , or reach , will be fairly close to the wind , but off the wind a little to maximise the speed .
tr	NNS	Many creatures had it , humans , orcs ... And gnomes .
tr	NN	The ward gave him the creeps .
tr	NN	So , a young elf offered to cast a spell that would hide their identities from those around them .
tr	NNS	The original concepts are on life support . "
tr	NNS	The wolves lay silent , already dispatched .
tr	NNS	When we made it into town , there were thousands of people standing around at what appeared to be a finish line .
tr	NN	The foliage had thickened since she 'd last been out here , or at least it seemed that way .
tr	NNS	There on the sage green couch were two green pillows : one that matched and another in a contrasting cobalt blue .
tr	NNS	His footsteps slow as he nears the room I 'm in .
tr	NNS	Things over there were very different from what I was used to here .
tr	NNS	" Probably didn 't hurt that they stole some of our publicity with that poster prank , " Bugs said indignantly .
tr	NN	The Empire will redevelop Cuba 's cities , especially the largest , Havana .
tr	NNS	Now , as he held her and rubbed her back , all his actions of the past several days had served her or Lorelei or his brigade .
tr	NNS	The vehicle 's taillights flashed , indicating some kind of mechanical problem .
tr	NN	Another black suited agent approached .
tr	NN	The countryside was lush and green , and the mottled shadows cast on the road from the tree lined edges gave the whole road a magical effect .
tr	NN	Chance flew toward them , yelling Gwen 's name .
tr	NNS	The sobs finally battled their way free , and she threw her arms around his neck , holding him as tightly as she possibly could .
tr	NNS	Marius drove to the top of a small dune nearby and swung the truck around to face the building .
tr	NNS	These styles predated consumer market digital cameras .
tr	NNS	Hands gripped my arms and hauled me up to my feet .
tr	NN	But this confirmation wasn 't enough .
tr	NNS	Alexis watched as Matthew and John splashed each other .
tr	NNS	" Identity cards - what if I need one ? "
tr	NNS	Soldiers just like the ones in this fleet .
tr	NN	A trio of visions shoved their way into her brain all at once , blinding her with their intensity .
tr	NN	After all , that was why she was in the Watch , wasn " t it ?
tr	NN	A kilt skidded to the floor at his feet , and he heard Helen 's back as she hit the door .
tr	NN	The bitch is crazy ! "
tr	NN	The thug jerked and fell to the floor .
tr	NN	The thud of his head connecting with the glass caused a satisfying crunching sound .
tr	NN	All female species in the animal kingdom play a similar game .
tr	NNS	I mean , weddings aren 't all they 're cracked up to be .
tr	NN	The roar of the falls blanked out all sounds of a struggle .
tr	NNS	The footsteps grew closer .
tr	NNS	The elves , fae , and the people of the villages , even the horses , were all a part of her family .
tr	NNS	Romulus whined and tried to lick the tears from her cheek .
tr	NN	His neighbor Bird -- Old Pigeon told him that occasionally he saw Her Holiness Magpie .
tr	NNS	Lots of folks drive in worse weather than this . "
tr	NNS	Myles scratched his head , trying to determine whether the two had walked into town , found another ride or headed into the mountains .
tr	NNS	Adonis interrupted my thoughts then .
tr	NNS	Things pelted my shirt .
tr	NN	A blush rose to my cheeks .
tr	NNS	The drinks were ready in no time , and Terry smiled at me as I put them on my tray .
tr	NN	Auron 's lightning subsided .
tr	NNS	Classes would start soon and I would have my courses to distract me .
tr	NNS	There were letters I couldn 't place but some of the pieces made out the words , " ... for the Knight of the Swan . "
tr	NNS	But mostly the drill sergeants were harassing the recruits .
tr	NNS	Runes are the same .
tr	NN	A low growl took hold in his chest as she strutted over to him .
tr	NN	The pattern is nowhere as clear as in your Will . "
tr	NN	But the more extensive damage lay in humanity 's response to the threat .
tr	NNS	Its forearms were strangely long , bearing large heavy spheres instead of hands that nearly dragged across the floor .
tr	NN	A sob escaped her .
tr	NNS	Rawlings snickered and turned away .
tr	NN	His ears release pressure as they descend .
tr	NN	So freaking kiss me already !
tr	NN	But neither option held any hope against a trained sniper with a clear line of sight , and we knew it .
tr	NN	" The cord that you saw , Cassie .
tr	NNS	Chills spread down her spine .
tr	NN	" What 's a Sector , Skyla ? "
tr	NN	Instead of jumping out and storming into the building , the sheriff did a U-turn and parked in front of the casino .
tr	NN	The receptionist gave him a sympathetic look .
tr	NNS	Your distances this year have been your best yet !
tr	NNS	The long strands of her hair draped over my arm .
tr	NNS	Many professors here are leading experts in cancer study and are testing their own experimental drugs on patients .
tr	NN	Then proceeded to peel away the thick snow gear one layer at a time , until Wade sat bare chested .
tr	NNS	The sandals were simple with thin leather straps over her toes and ankle .
tr	NN	The lord is beyond this gate , waiting for you . "
tr	NNS	Things are very unclear right now .
tr	NNS	Those techniques disarmed clients .
tr	NNS	With each door they passed , more black figures joined their ranks until their number was near twenty .
tr	NN	The senator wasn 't working alone .
tr	NN	Hannah extended her wrists and Mrs. Partridge secured them , tying the cord so tightly her captive suppressed a whimper .
tr	NNS	Animals would reveal their secrets to her .
tr	NN	My resolve to uncover the truth waivers , I just want to hold him close .
tr	NNS	Smaller versions of the symbols carved into the walls completely covered the cavern 's floor .
tr	NNS	Crimson drapes coat the walls in an alternating pattern of thick velvet fabric and bare , black walls .
tr	NN	Each limb was curled and twisted upon itself , giving the weirdest impression of motion .
tr	NN	The sheriff looked around in disbelief .
tr	NNS	And the accusations that still stung if she let herself dwell on them .
tr	NN	" Oh , it is all right , " the maid added hastily .
tr	NN	Beside the chair , a rounded headstone pushed up from the well-tended grass , its white marble gilded by the sun 's uncertain rays .
tr	NN	One swift thrust and he penetrated her completely .
tr	NNS	" That 's two you owe us , " Bugs said , smiling .
tr	NNS	The flat planes of light made little cups , like flowers , drifting back and forth to a wind I couldn 't see .
tr	NN	The map that clearly marks Oak Island also came with a journal .
tr	NNS	' But even hard-boiled detectives need a night 's sleep . '
tr	NN	This scar will be with me for the rest of my life . "
tr	NN	Swiftly the elf loaded his bow , stepped back and fired , before instinctively grabbing a second arrow from the quiver .
tr	NN	" The bastard just left her there ?
tr	NNS	Even so , her eyelids were so heavy that she couldn 't stay awake no matter how hard she tried .
tr	NN	This cheap trick of Nisha 's was just that , cheap and a trick .
tr	NN	The duke , unaware of the danger , didn 't even spare him a glance .
tr	NNS	Girls after me and guys after you , " he grumbles , " when we should be able to tell the world hands off .
tr	NNS	Alexis shook her head as she sat in the car .
tr	NN	A rustle in the brush announced a figure coming out of hiding .
tr	NNS	Others would take a much-needed vacation .
tr	NN	His grandmother almost choked on her cornbread while his mom gasped , " What ? "
tr	NNS	Prolonged whispers echo in the crypt like those of the wind finding its way through a dense forest .
tr	NNS	Samuels shrugged , obviously a little puzzled at the outburst .
tr	NNS	Young mothers walked with babies in their strollers , mingling with scene teenagers with blue , purple , and pink hair .
tr	NN	The dragon lay staked and tethered , a dozen paces away .
tr	NN	There 's not much damage and they 're paying for it . '
tr	NNS	Images from the afternoon filled her mind , and she bit her lower lip against the sudden rush of desire .
tr	NNS	Soon , the roads were thick with new snow and red safety cones appeared at the bottom of steep hills .
tr	NN	On his platform base , there is a small bronze plaque .
tr	NNS	Reyes didn 't move , just shifted the direction of his gaze .
tr	NN	To only a few , who have this highly receptive higher consciousness , the cosmic mechanism of asymmetrical randomization is unraveled .
tr	NNS	There were few instances of lost information being found , the most famous being the Dead Sea Scrolls .
tr	NNS	The colors of the biblical paintings transformed the church into a sea of dreams .
tr	NN	As he took one of the final rapids of the Saint Lawrence , almost within sight of his home , his canoe swamped and he drowned .
tr	NN	A mad werewolf , soul or no , is not something I plan to let run free . "
tr	NN	The nausea overwhelmed my body and I ran to the bathroom .
tr	NN	The center Elder finished what sounded like an ancient proverb .
tr	NN	" Your mommy is one of the strongest women I know , aside from your grandma .
tr	NN	A gorgeous view from every corner of the room , but the host led us to the central window .
tr	NNS	His gloved hands were inordinately fine , his movements deliberately exaggerated like those of a diminutive mime .
tr	NN	A wheelbarrow filled with recently uprooted carrots stood by the front door , a pair of gardening gloves lying on top .
tr	NN	A thin slice of yellow light spilled across the dark carpet from under the bathroom door .
tr	NN	An oxygen tube crossed her face below her nose .
tr	NNS	" Your lands are remarkably fertile and pleasant . "
tr	NN	His boot scraped across my neck , and he landed heavily on the carpet .
tr	NN	" Lauren 's book tour for Prey starts tonight .
tr	NN	Indeed , the clarity of reception was unlike any that he 'd experienced over the years .
tr	NNS	The red berries looked inviting , but he knew they would taste awful .
tr	NNS	Others not sure what the first people were screaming about became alarmed and got up to leave the café .
tr	NN	Then we ' l keep in touch by mobile .
tr	NNS	There are no selfless members of the medical profession in this building .
tr	NNS	Things are the same as they were the night she drove away from here . "
tr	NNS	" There are hills .
tr	NN	And then ... " The guilt and anguish in his expression made her chest constrict .
tr	NN	This crate has not even been outside .
tr	NN	" We did , " the priest returned , the recollection startling him .
tr	NN	But context is inevitable when a fallible human being speaks of evil .
tr	NN	Another stab to the thigh prompts the demon to swing his sword blindly , unable to turn and face his assailant .
tr	NNS	Plus , chances are Eva can tell me what 's going on .
tr	NNS	The gold bars alone were at least twenty-five pounds each and there was enough jewelry for at least eight trips .
tr	NN	The room was held up by stilts , the backyard sloped down a steep rock and dirt hill .
tr	NN	" I do , " Soma calmly replied .
tr	NN	Colt and one of the younger brothers had to block his way .
tr	NNS	The streetlights of the town were just a smear on the black horizon .
tr	NN	The hollowed belly of the plane held lingering echoes of stunned , perhaps horrified shouts from the crew .
tr	NN	" Corporal , find her , " the commander snapped .
tr	NNS	Things had changed since his Mother went to school .
tr	NN	Part of me is and it 's strange and unsettling .
tr	NN	At least there was honesty in desire .
tr	NN	And darling in the way all northeastern towns looked to anyone who grew up in California .
tr	NN	The second quarter was more of the same .
tr	NNS	Red taillights flashed as she turned from the entrance , and then she was gone .
tr	NNS	From the ceiling , two large chandeliers provided excellent lighting .
tr	NN	There was no quad , never had been a Henning 's Café , and certainly no door on the left .
tr	NNS	However , while working drunk might be OK , driving drunk was not .
tr	NNS	Fiery wisps swirled over the charred and melted surfaces .
tr	NN	She didn 't know her the way Pendleton did .
tr	NNS	There were no pretty dresses for her at Easter or Christmas .
tr	NNS	Others embraced that time to nurture talents they 'd ignored while living or chosen to forsake in order to follow another road .
tr	NNS	Two recycling bins stood at the end of the alley .
tr	NN	There was always another agent in Ryan 's room , though , so I never got a chance to talk to him about the kiss .
tr	NN	The portal charm was on the werewolf .
tr	NN	Too big a liability risk . "
tr	NNS	" Drugs , all kinds of drugs , you name it .
tr	NNS	A mattress hit my back .
tr	NN	That critical biography placed special emphasis on the last few days and Peter 's own part in the events of those days .
tr	NNS	Others murmured their perfunctory thanks , and in seconds the room was empty except for Price and Chris .
tr	NN	" Perhaps the difficulty is in his personal preferences . "
tr	NNS	Within seconds , the whispers started .
tr	NN	The trick was not to fight it , not to let it overwhelm her , as she had in the initial days after waking from the metamorphosis .
tr	NNS	Lots of working women have to leave their kids sometimes - " " Ha ! "
tr	NN	Feeling increasingly guilty , Link presses his forehead against Epona 's while he considers Ilia 's words .
tr	NN	There was a rocking and a groaning sound , and then the wall began to recede .
tr	NN	" Your grandma told me .
tr	NNS	Proper warriors , trained and battle tested .
tr	NNS	Hendricks gazed down at his hands , realizing that the Laker woman was in this category .
tr	NN	Part of me is always nervous she 's going to turn psychotic . "
tr	NNS	Squires looked over , " Okay , spit it out . "
tr	NN	Steely determination shone from Jamie 's eyes .
tr	NN	Pierre 's optimism quickly fades .
tr	NN	My language is all I have left that is my own . "
tr	NN	" I got one more thing I got ta get outta my garage .
tr	NN	Her grandmother cleared her throat .
tr	NN	" How 's the Lindsey contract coming along ? "
tr	NNS	The twins looked marvelous , as always .
tr	NN	" The bastard went through the back bushes before I even got outside . "
tr	NNS	But goblins do not respond very graciously toward strategies !
tr	NNS	Our tongues engage in a lengthy , sweeping battle that drives home the point we 've got nowhere to go and all day to get there .
tr	NNS	Those deaths marked the final dark act to seal this tomb .
tr	NN	That scenario made sense to Manfred .
tr	NN	My uncle would not stop his soft laughing .
tr	NNS	Things were a little awkward after that .
tr	NNS	" Your Highness , " Rumpelstiltskin whispered , bowing low .
tr	NN	The doorknob jiggled as her dad unlocked it .
tr	NN	May the Master ride with you , my friends . "
tr	NN	That bastard played us both .
tr	NN	By now , the narrow fold of the valley 's end had grown dim enough that the shapes around him had gone soft and indistinct .
tr	NNS	How can rats be so still and so silent ?
tr	NN	When you go over there , no-one knows you , or your family or all the people that are so important to you .
tr	NNS	If Gage is from Washington D.C. , then everything Dax suspects could very well be true .
tr	NN	There was an expectant rustling in the audience .
tr	NN	The lamp cast a yellow glow over a small crowd of people standing in a circle around two men .
tr	NNS	But the strands moved greedily inward .
tr	NN	My tiny reflection in her eyes looked very pale .
tr	NNS	There are not many werewolves who possess such self-control .
tr	NN	Aside from a few early passengers , the terminal was barren .
tr	NN	How had the bastard wrangled that ?
tr	NNS	Cover versions included ' The Logical Song ' by Supertramp and a ten-minute long version of ' Sloop John B ' by The Beach Boys .
tr	NN	Since the days of Stinky Sam and his exploits , both the author and her writing have moved on .
tr	NNS	Moses would continue in her evil little schemes until the cat 's miserable little life came to a tragic end .
tr	NNS	Near the window was an elaborate model of the solar system , intricate planets and moons held in place by wire orbits .
tr	NNS	The wolves had certainly ' marked ' their territory .
tr	NN	" It keeps you warm , " his uncle said , raising an eyebrow .
tr	NNS	Dogs and cats will be singing romantic ballads together before I bow down to you .
tr	NN	The chariot began to move , at first slowly but gradually faster and faster .
tr	NN	The hood flipped back , and Jason recognized Nia .
tr	NN	The wig was a slight issue since she had to pack all her hair underneath .
tr	NNS	" Throughout time , werewolves have been part of many different cultures ' folklore .
tr	NNS	Their ancestors had been mayors , councilmen , state representatives , and held numerous other local offices over the years .
tr	NN	Every scenario he came up with had her taking care of him as she progressed and prospered at the hospital .
tr	NN	The lack of information , and ability to communicate , was so damn frustrating .
tr	NN	Not one teacher nor Mrs. Carr said anything about the victim having any enemies .
tr	NN	As Nolan watched from the doorway , his supervisor stumbled into his shack and fell onto the disheveled bed roll .
tr	NN	The pig trick had gone down very well .
tr	NNS	A few minutes later I returned , hair combed and teeth brushed , too .
tr	NNS	Animals are more likely to stay away from a moving vehicle than a stationary one .
tr	NN	Abbey 's spine tingled .
tr	NNS	Not Exactly A Month Of Sundays The murders stopped cold .
tr	NNS	The spaghetti straps and the slit in the leg made the dress all the more impressive .
tr	NN	A loud shatter sounded and there was a heavy thump on the floor above .
tr	NNS	Now that she was awake and temporarily sexually sated , her worries about Zach 's reaction to the anniversary of his father 's death came right back .
tr	NNS	" More cookies and milk , " Mira said , peering out her window .
tr	NNS	SIM cards are cheap and easily disposed .
tr	NN	The neighbor on the near side was a small , old-fashioned post office .
tr	NN	" Unknown ship in U.S. moon space , identify yourself . "
tr	NNS	Their footsteps rang out on the concrete floor .
tr	NNS	" My items are very specific .
tr	NN	Part of me was excited about finding out what was really happening , but the other part was wary .
tr	NN	Dove shivers and drags me at the end of the lead ; it takes my heels several feet to find traction again .
tr	NNS	Her fingernails bit into his scalp and she let out the most beautiful sound of pleasure he 'd ever heard .
tr	NNS	These creatures are often crazed and power-hungry .
tr	NN	Her h * ps arched up to accept him into her body , over and over again .
tr	NN	A clatter emits from downstairs .
tr	NNS	I could make out a delicate tracery in red and gold , individual tongues of flame outlined in jagged black .
tr	NN	She had heard right , the African communications network was working well .
tr	NN	Traditional medicine wasn 't working .
tr	NN	The map is not the territory .
tr	NN	And the roar of the engines was a huge silence , the whale breathing , slicing through the sea .
tr	NN	' We 're on it , ' Love said .
tr	NN	So the old school note writing is what I do from time to time instead of texting or e-mailing friends .
tr	NNS	Then my nostrils lit up .
tr	NNS	Several members of the team were responsible for hacking into the computers and data mining its contents .
tr	NNS	The movies hadn 't been helpful .
tr	NNS	" Internet sales are really picking up .
tr	NN	A noisy gurgling and lapping beyond the dense thicket indicated that the dragon was drinking at the pool .
tr	NN	Ashby leaned back in his bonds , his attention turned slowly back to Arianna , there was a gleam of admiration in his bright gaze .
tr	NN	The flight pattern wouldn 't look unusual to any casual observer .
tr	NN	It was her earring , the simple bronze stud that she always wore .
tr	NNS	" Yes -- the preliminary tests show that the engines are operating better than we hoped . "
tr	NN	No sacrifice was too great .
tr	NN	Soon , writing became an obsession .
tr	NNS	His colleagues were the best in the business .
tr	NNS	Where were the assassin wolves when he needed them ?
tr	NN	" My mate , " he whispered .
tr	NN	The reunion meant more to Jesse than she had ever thought it would .
tr	NN	Under the light , leaning on the table , the bot looked like an inquisitor , features shadowed , eyes burning bright .
tr	NN	As soon as the charges were dismissed , the courtroom erupted into applause .
tr	NN	The hunter had returned from his recent trade expedition .
tr	NNS	" But not all ideas win the war , and not all wills are strong enough .
tr	NN	My headset came off , and caught on the steering wheel as I tried to climb back to help her .
tr	NNS	Witness statements , building manifests , material logs , work orders .
tr	NN	The trick is to forge a middle ground between the two : a detachment , a state of neutrality .
tr	NN	It was still pitch black outside with good cloud cover making it even darker , dawn was still three hours away at this time of year .
tr	NNS	Guns were our friend , not the enemy .
tr	NNS	" My humble apologies , " Kit Fisto bowed deeply .
tr	NN	There is a challenge in Micha 's eyes .
tr	NN	There was no hesitation in his voice .
tr	NNS	The pupils were a deep fiery orange .
tr	NNS	But sometimes there are unforeseen consequences .
tr	NNS	What great creatures , huh , baby ? "
tr	NN	A threatening growl came from behind them .
tr	NNS	The characters and situations are products of the author 's imagination .
tr	NNS	Ghost was sitting at his feet , jaws bloody , tongue lolling , blinking like she was bored and ready for a nap .
tr	NN	An ad for the new Spielberg movie , War of the Worlds , filled the screen .
tr	NN	His posture didn 't change , but Eric had shifted from a mood that was definitely dangerous to me to one that was dangerous for someone else .
tr	NNS	The cabinets full of food weren 't going to solve the problem in her stomach right then .
tr	NNS	Upstairs were the two bedrooms , one for his parents and the other for him .
tr	NN	Finally , the Fire elemental got tired of waiting for me to do something .
tr	NN	My hunger has a totally different taint to it .
tr	NNS	Perhaps his emails and presentations will give us some insight into the operating instructions he programmed in this EDU . "
tr	NNS	Reyes could have adjusted his vampire vision , but he didn 't want to ; in fact , he couldn 't .
tr	NNS	Further meetings with Kumiko had been strangely difficult to come by .
tr	NN	The light emanating from the building faded quickly as she paced down the sidewalk towards her off campus apartment .
tr	NN	The dragon is mumbling something to the man as he pours something into the water .
tr	NNS	The floors of the castle were marble and I was suddenly sliding across the lobby trying to stop .
tr	NNS	Chapter 26 Jessie Things were finally feeling like they were getting back to normal .
tr	NNS	Any attempts to forcibly bring her here might end her life . "
tr	NNS	Things have been kind of screwy with me lately .
tr	NNS	One by one the other members of the meeting followed until only the rat faced figure was left at the table .
tr	NNS	So far the media hadn 't lost interest in her even though it 'd been over two weeks since Warren 's announcement .
tr	NNS	Even with the steady decline in real estate value , apartments in the building where Colton lived still cost a small fortune to rent .
tr	NNS	Callie 's eyelids descend as she narrows her eyes at him .
tr	NNS	The trials of the living world were but a fading memory .
tr	NNS	" Not yet , but there were security cameras around the cabins , so they 're hoping the video footage wil reveal something . "
tr	NNS	' No worries , father .
tr	NN	His exposed torso drifted into sight .
tr	NN	His personality still sucked .
tr	NNS	Suddenly the strong winds around them dropped and ceased altogether .
tr	NN	The male species is so crazy sometimes .
tr	NNS	" The wolves are forming a perimeter .
tr	NN	A deep growl erupted in his throat .
tr	NNS	Vague images of a face came to mind .
tr	NNS	The werewolves burst through the door and whipped theirs heads around .
tr	NN	His daddy and I hadn 't been spending any time together for months .
tr	NNS	And the effects aren 't lasting as long as they should . "
tr	NNS	The sapphire strands in his hair catch the light .
tr	NNS	Things started well ; then the weather turned .
tr	NN	Each glide sent her hair rippling , sent his pulse pounding through him with memories of having that body move against him with the same grace .
tr	NN	Her vast belly was above him with its putrid light , and the stench of it almost smote him down .
tr	NN	" Sleeping next to a woman is a hardship for you , Gavin ? "
tr	NN	" Close , " says the odd accent , plowing back into his explanation .
tr	NN	My savior says through his muffling gas mask .
tr	NNS	The forests were gone , the swamps drained .
tr	NN	There was conviction in her tone .
tr	NNS	Her bridesmaids and groomsmen appeared ill at ease , even her friend , Tamara Kincaid , who was always self-assured .
tr	NNS	The wolves gathered around the deep pit to witness the demise of the knight .
tr	NNS	The pirates organized themselves into groups at the bow and stern and lined the deck , two at each cannon .
tr	NNS	Marius took it and stood up .
tr	NNS	Young couples rushed to the middle of the floor and started showing off their moves .
tr	NNS	Over its body were the torn and singed rags of a cloak that draped and swayed with the movement of the Tolu .
tr	NNS	On the weekend before the Deans were to leave , the visitors arrived .
tr	NN	Mostly the old and badly compromised medically .
tr	NNS	She put a hand on her belly , felt her baby 's fluttery movements .
tr	NN	The blue aura around the ship had gone .
tr	NNS	' His Highness will consider it and let you know what his decision is in a month or so . '
tr	NNS	" Things aren 't completely ... " Emma begins , however has a hard time finding exactly where she should begin .
tr	NNS	Words , I think , are such unpredictable creatures .
tr	NN	Chance got it right away .
tr	NNS	Fluffy 's jaws snapped shut .
tr	NNS	Heavy black iron gates led me onto a smooth paved entrance .
tr	NNS	Since the Miracle , pilgrims from around the globe have kept a steady flow of traffic into and out of the small but popular prairie oasis .
tr	NNS	But instead of consenting adults , his chosen targets had been young innocents , which made him worse than slime .
tr	NNS	Our mages and theirs cannot easily hide from one another , but the Wardens can make use of the element of surprise .
tr	NN	" May I see your I.D 's , " the ticket agent asked .
tr	NN	" She doesn 't worry about herself , " the tethered semblance said .
tr	NNS	I saw the high walls of Babylon before us , there were thousands of archers standing on the top of them .
tr	NNS	His pupils had definitely gotten bigger .
tr	NNS	When my tender skin has toughened enough to withstand the pressure of sheets , more visitors arrive .
tr	NN	" Where is your lord ? "
tr	NN	" And if ever I felt a servant , " the Master continued , " it wasn 't with a sense of injustice .
tr	NN	The roar spread throughout his body until he shook with it .
tr	NNS	Slow little movements of her hips arched to him , asking more of him .
tr	NN	No explanation , just gone .
tr	NN	The walking metallic rainbow stormed off without waiting for her friend .
tr	NN	There was no hesitation between us then .
tr	NN	Its fragrance reminds her of that silly person .
tr	NNS	The creatures were in bad shape , the last stages of decomposition .
tr	NNS	His footsteps made no sound as he made his way to the library .
tr	NN	The little scratch of the heel jolted his need into a rampant fire .
tr	NN	After a few steps , the gap grew dark , and she debated whether to continue .
tr	NN	" What exactly do these fug folk allow you to do ? "
tr	NNS	Images collected in his mind and he saw only horror .
tr	NN	Our self-esteem is low enough that we don 't care and crave the attention , so gawk away .
tr	NN	The doorknob felt cold and sent chills racing down her body , but the hot coffee helped to warm her .
tr	NN	Still , guilt followed as thoughts of Eirik crossed my mind .
tr	NN	A pretty blonde with pale lavender eyes opened the door from the hallway and peeked into the room .
tr	NN	There was a common language among the Blood , even though the Old Tongue was almost forgotten , as well as a native language among each race .
tr	NNS	Sirens whooped outside , and megaphones blared instructions to freeze and stay calm .
tr	NN	A glint of metal beside Milo caught my eye .
tr	NN	A tail and one wing sprouted from its back .
tr	NN	Then , some years ago , a hunter shot her . "
tr	NNS	Even our own " fans " turned their noses up .
tr	NNS	Cassius was only a couple of feet away from us .
tr	NNS	These wolves would love to rip and tear her apart .
tr	NN	The guilt was eating away at her , but he hadn 't spoken his intentions either .
tr	NN	" Well , the origin of the ring is a fact , the value is what someone will pay . "
tr	NN	Even the miracle of this child is not bringing you back to us , Reuben .
tr	NNS	Bare , rough boards made up our floor , and the door to my room was simply a heavy sheet of plywood .
tr	NN	The stench of the undead permeated the air around her .
tr	NN	The tailor shook his head once .
tr	NNS	Lights hung from the ceiling , glowing , illuminating .
tr	NNS	I have to warn you , my cousins are Satan 's spawn . '
tr	NN	How might analysis and planning be useful in this situation ?
tr	NN	" The writing was on the wall .
tr	NN	A sob racked him , but he nodded .
tr	NNS	At last Aragorn stood above the great gates , heedless of the darts of the enemy .
tr	NNS	" Things have a way of falling apart easily . "
tr	NN	The cart behind it will then give a short burst , then the cart behind that , etc. .
tr	NN	As expected , an email from Todd was in Paulette 's mailbox .
tr	NN	The hunger inside me swallowed him in .
tr	NN	Her pulse is slow and steady .
tr	NN	The leopard climbed in .
tr	NNS	" How did the tests go , dearie ? "
tr	NNS	Reapers were not tools of defence , only indiscriminate killing machines .
tr	NNS	Some cats will do that . "
tr	NNS	Two cots rested along the floor , and I demurred to the others to take them .
tr	NN	the television supervisor yelled .
tr	NNS	Her supporters got in the way of defense and the water brigade , as if prayers ever put out a fire . "
tr	NN	The clatter of the tray and Ava 's shriek started to capture everyone 's attention .
tr	NN	Her grandmother chuckled as she powdered her nose , " Oh dear , I knew you weren 't listening to a word I was saying .
tr	NN	The sheriff and doctor watch me closely as I admit , " I don 't recognize it . "
tr	NNS	Judd clasped the dog tags through his shirt , jingling the matching silver ball chains , his talismans .
tr	NN	" Your partner take off ? "
tr	NN	After what seemed an age , the actor sat up .
tr	NNS	Maris leaned her head on his chest , rubbing her cheek against the hairy roughness as an almost painful tenderness filled her .
tr	NNS	" Old ladies don 't count . "
tr	NN	The castle was silent and dark as he walked back to his room .
tr	NNS	Your stockings were the simple tan kind and you were wearing the ugliest brown shoes that my grandmother would be ashamed to wear .
tr	NN	His angel has fallen . "
tr	NNS	Several passengers raise their digital cameras and cellphones to snap both Alex and myself .
tr	NN	The lack of a case meant no open action , just spiral shaped spring loaded clips .
tr	NNS	The coaches left and the players spoke .
tr	NNS	" Those bites need tending . "
tr	NNS	Reaching the top floor , three more hallways arched out in different directions .
tr	NN	The cockpit rocked again , throwing him against his harness .
tr	NNS	Things will smooth out . "
tr	NN	There 's not even a scar .
tr	NN	The aura approaches slowly , causing my heart to race , and when it finally merges with me , my mind absorbs the power with a tingle .
tr	NNS	Besides , the flashlights weren 't going to have enough power to reach that far upstage .
tr	NN	My pa is an honorable man . "
tr	NN	The great canine melted at the contact and began purring like a gigantic kitten .
tr	NNS	Three more apartments were on the list and I picked up the scent of two from the first place at all three of the others .
tr	NN	The admiral reaches out and grabs the highball glass sitting on his desk .
tr	NN	His h * ps thrust hard over and over into hers , driving deeper , wanting to be forever a part of her .
tr	NN	" The coven could go fuck themselves . "
tr	NNS	The wooden floors were pitted but clean .
tr	NN	Strike for the tender organs ; rupture them ; make the blood flow .
tr	NNS	The vampire drones were being unresponsive , only admitting to the fact that their respective masters " might not be available " for BUR duty that evening .
tr	NN	A deep roar sounds from the center of the room as the hero 's Goddess fades away .
tr	NNS	Kids his age usually had terrible meltdowns , if he had one we would probably be blown to bits .
tr	NNS	Images of her screaming , her mother and plenty of blood flashed across her eyes .
tr	NN	The term was catching on , though that was a good name for them .
tr	NN	You enroll in a program , show me the proof .
tr	NNS	" Dogs , " I whispered .
tr	NN	Her stepmother stood at least four inches taller than she , so it seemed obvious they were all good-sized men .
tr	NN	But the sergeant , perched in the turret of the armoured car trundling along in the rear , gave her a warning grimace .
tr	NN	The two-year gap in her work history was painfully obvious , glaring at her from the screen .
tr	NN	The sweet smells of hay surround us and I murmur , " With you . "
tr	NNS	Hands went everywhere , touching , exploring , claiming .
tr	NN	The coffee pot was already working , filling the room with the delicious aroma .
tr	NNS	The Jets knew they were in trouble .
tr	NN	The rustle of clothes reached her ears before his voice did .
tr	NNS	Our kisses were more desperate now .
tr	NNS	Images were flooding into her mind , as they had when Joyce had pressed a tiny shard of crystal to her third eye .
tr	NN	What good is literature when your stomach hurts so much your eyes water ? "
tr	NN	Her scarlet blush of mortification brought the feeling back to the tip of her nose .
tr	NN	The office dragon had spied me .
tr	NN	" You won 't have any worries soon enough , " the captain replied smoothly .
tr	NN	The greatest knight does not quest for riches or honor or fame or glory .
tr	NNS	These creatures are not planetary creatures at all , though they may alight on a planet here and there ; like a bird alighting on a tree .
tr	NNS	Familiar equations jump out much faster . "
tr	NNS	At least the drugs offered a convenient excuse .
tr	NN	I 'm on the outskirts , only allowed this close in case any magical matters arise .
tr	NN	" Thus , if unchecked , our new arrival could grow large enough to consume the world itself ? "
tr	NN	Part of me was disappointed , but the other part of me was charmed he would do something like that in an effort to help me .
tr	NN	The corporal was unexpectedly quiet , and the little house now felt very still and menacing .
tr	NNS	The villagers had told him many stories .
tr	NN	The tail vanished last .
tr	NNS	A few deaths , call it off .
tr	NN	Tick , tock , tick , tock .
tr	NNS	Sure those expressions were fun for a while but their overuse grew to a point of annoyance .
tr	NN	The sparkle disappeared from her eyes .
tr	NNS	Very faint footsteps were coming from just above the ceiling .
tr	NN	A sliver of glass still jabs into his left eye .
tr	NNS	Floating gondolas glide between them , fireflies among giants .
tr	NN	How is your teacher ?
tr	NNS	Lo and behold , there were inky trails of seaweed in the hallway , leading up the stairs .
tr	NNS	My morning piss goes in a resealable plastic box .
tr	NNS	Were your ancestors dwarves ? "
tr	NNS	The screens each showed GPS maps , one for each van , the van number on the top of the screen .
tr	NNS	The stockings fell from the mantle .
tr	NNS	Shouts and curses erupted as scalding water splashed over those closest .
tr	NNS	Several bars showed , which meant I had service .
tr	NN	Terror settled cold and hard in her chest .
tr	NN	The trio did as suggested .
tr	NNS	But the consequences for Richard were devastating .
tr	NNS	Most shapeshifters did , but Jim especially .
tr	NNS	A hundred colors painted patterns in the sky .
tr	NN	" But he saw you , " her grandmother said .
tr	NNS	Things like this happened all the time .
tr	NN	Then the pencil I 'd worked so hard to find fell from my hand , and rolled away , lost to the abyss under the risers .
tr	NNS	However , the pirates never told us any news .
tr	NN	" Well , of course not , no offense meant .
tr	NNS	Names and addresses , ' said Susan , flicking through the pages .
tr	NNS	Chills of pleasure and something else drifted in her mind .
tr	NNS	Images and memories drifted through his mind like clouds on a summer 's day .
tr	NNS	Reyes held her , and she burrowed against him , his strength trickling into her .
tr	NNS	The idiots couldn 't open fire in a public place and not expect the police to respond .
tr	NN	The hurting eased the slightest bit .
tr	NN	The werewolf was trying to offer her some sort of deal .
tr	NNS	Instead of running straight at the three , the wolves split apart before converging again on their sides .
tr	NN	The human race needs things inventing constantly in order to evolve .
tr	NN	Her refuge was a small pool no more than six feet in circumference .
tr	NNS	Puck brandished a pair of curved daggers , the blades clear as glass .
tr	NNS	Donna 's high cheekbones now red , matching her spring blouse and skirt .
tr	NNS	Agents smothered Daniels to the sidewalk .
tr	NN	the lunar lights ! "
tr	NNS	Physically , her lovers became her slaves .
tr	NN	" I suppose we must mean a little something different by the term , " Riley retorted , sarcastic and quick .
tr	NN	The Master seemed impressed , but also angry .
tr	NNS	Nine village ladies had gathered in the far left corner in front of the dais .
tr	NN	In my stupidities is my innocence of love for all my beautifully worthy conspirators !
tr	NN	A good leader always had troops on his side , loyal to the death .
tr	NN	A few chuckles rose from the crowd .
tr	NN	' Of course their budget 's massive .
tr	NNS	Others were too yeasty .
tr	NN	Where was her honor ?
tr	NNS	" Solar winds , " Timberlake whispered .
tr	NN	And the grand sum that had been placed on her worth was five shillings .
tr	NNS	These two petty , over-protective , badly dressed , fussy parents .
tr	NN	The young policeman looked confused .
tr	NN	A swift rap on the rump with a rolled-up newspaper works for me . "
tr	NNS	" There are many handlers who are better qualified .
tr	NNS	My aunts didn 't tell me the normal bedtime stories , yes , but they didn 't mean any harm when they told me those stories .
tr	NNS	Too embroiled in the outcome of their spat , the aliens walked away down the path to the right , oblivious to what they 'd left behind .
tr	NN	Morning dawned bright and early , and Claire woke up to the smell of frying bacon .
tr	NN	Shannon was a tough looking girl with dark hair , a long braid hung down her back .
tr	NN	You are guilty and will receive no trial , " the sergeant stated , as he activated his microphone again .
tr	NNS	and the actors come to life .
tr	NNS	In the time it took to answer , several galaxies unfolded , whirled around Azrael like paper streamers , impacted , and were gone .
tr	NNS	Questions should be as clear as possible -- this was the only rule of this crazy game he understood and accepted .
tr	NNS	" Good morning ladies , " he declared with feigned cheerfulness .
tr	NN	In the shadow of the cabin a grappling hook bit into the planks of the deck .
tr	NN	The sleek , lavender gown fit her perfectly .
tr	NN	The dark cascade of her hair spilled across the bedspread , like black water .
tr	NN	There was no other explanation .
tr	NNS	With my mouth slightly opened a few drops fell on my tongue .
tr	NNS	" Our attempts to track him continue to prove fruitless . "
tr	NN	I don , t know .
tr	NNS	But spies don 't stop in the middle of a mission because their fingers hurt .
tr	NN	The gravel crunched under the tires as James continued along the driveway .
tr	NN	The captain nodded and climbed into the armored car .
tr	NN	A scar she 'd sort of given him when they 'd been six , jumping on the trampoline and he 'd collided with her head .
tr	NN	A great crown of black iron was upon the thing 's brow , and the workmanship , its intricacy , was beautiful and breathtaking to behold .
tr	NN	" The transmitter and the liquid that induces the simulation .
tr	NN	Nathan 's baritone cut through the silence , powerful and filled with a slight bit of amusement .
tr	NN	" What 's your schedule like tomorrow ?
tr	NN	The wailing of sirens is continuous , various , piercing as whistles .
tr	NN	With that thought , a pulsing in her head reminded her the pain hadn 't gone away .
tr	NN	By instinct the hunter turned and lobbed a hatchet .
tr	NN	the sergeant mused mostly to himself , and then to the young man : " What are his plans for us ? "
tr	NN	The gunfire came to a stop .
tr	NNS	What movies have eight million explosions , twice as many deaths , and loads of gratuitous sex scenes ?
tr	NNS	" Worse than dead , " al ' Thor said .
tr	NNS	So his instincts were right .
tr	NN	Lust is conveyed by touch , and so is hate .
tr	NNS	The ladies in waiting quickly change me .
tr	NNS	" A media story . "
tr	NNS	Bus journeys were popular with the old .
tr	NN	An old ritual came back to me .
tr	NN	The old bitch wouldn 't last much longer .
tr	NN	She will be wide open , a midnight treat for Lurkers .
tr	NN	A trickle of sweat ran down his wrist .
tr	NNS	The movies had it all wrong when it came to vampires .
tr	NN	The backyard has a gate to the alley .
tr	NNS	The locks weren 't difficult to pick , but it still took a few moments , and it weren 't even the hard part .
tr	NNS	The yellow radiation dust bits appear like fluttering bubbles , rings , and circles ejecting from the brown cloud .
tr	NN	The whistle died down , and the train chugged into the station .
tr	NNS	" You have doubts , " commented William as he saw the expressions on their faces .
tr	NNS	Together they had faced and defeated the best that could be offered , creatures great and small died under their weapons .
tr	NN	In some ways , the manner and tone in which she presented herself reminded him of Randall Coulson .
tr	NNS	Immortals killed his entire family .
tr	NN	The carotid artery was the injection point for chemicals that flowed through the body , pushing its natural fluids out the jugular vein that ran alongside it .
tr	NNS	" Questions , questions , questions .
tr	NN	The government uses it to pay for any special service that doesn ´ t fit regular channels . "
tr	NN	But as daylight began to approach , improved visibility was helping them .
tr	NNS	Myles showed him how they worked .
tr	NNS	Bare floors , blank walls , all painted the same shade of off-white .
tr	NNS	" How many immortals watch the battle ?
tr	NN	My uncle helped me get in touch with a money manager , who is helping me manage some of my investments .
tr	NN	Buddy 's tender , loving care had deeply touched her , and she had freely opened the door to her heart .
tr	NNS	The sirens started to blare , which should have scared her , except that they were the only thing that gave her any hope .
tr	NNS	" The footprints lead off into the forest , away from camp and the cabins .
tr	NN	Varg stooped to pick up the Cane lamp , a small affair of glass that looked like a bottle full of liquid embers only moments from dying .
tr	NNS	Forward thinking minds as advanced as these may only come along every fifty to one hundred years .
tr	NNS	Others were new , replacements for the fools who had challenged him once before in this room .
tr	NN	Part of what makes other people interesting is that there is always some mystery beneath the surface . "
tr	NNS	Others , if their powers are strong enough , will seek you out for a purpose . "
tr	NN	The trick will be to set a trap for Ah Chuy Kak 's on own territory where he 'd feel safe .
tr	NN	The football player wasn 't sure whether to shake his head or to nod , so he did a little bit of both .
tr	NN	Bye and bye guilt over the Marbles faded .
tr	NNS	Their forearms had three fingers , two , ended with razor sharp claws .
tr	NNS	There are no signs of life except for us and the boy at the statue .
tr	NNS	Again , congratulations passed back and forth until a happy silence fell back on the room .
tr	NNS	When you 're asleep , your mind 's creative juices flow in a way they simply can 't when you 're awake .
tr	NNS	Haven 't you enough mistresses in your own decrepit house , that you would risk everything we have worked so long for ? '
tr	NNS	Hendricks loomed in the doorway , arms folded , eyes steady on Murphy .
tr	NNS	Or , like her father , his teachings and devotions could be similar enough to mainstream religions to fall within what society deemed " normal . "
tr	NNS	Things were different now .
tr	NNS	" There are no easy solutions . "
tr	NN	A mechanized humanoid , dressed in a long vermilion robe , entered the room with inhuman speed and silence , surprising her .
tr	NN	" There 's no airport here , in case you missed that . "
tr	NN	My disgust for him for putting Elle through this was fueling the rage building in me .
tr	NN	The clatter of boots swelled to thunder .
tr	NNS	Her gentle kisses traveled to my ear , where she very gently said , " It 's okay , Lucas .
tr	NNS	However , maternal instincts fired her beyond normal endurance .
tr	NNS	The healers buy their supplies from herbalists instead of foraging for them .
tr	NN	The town square was quaint , with tidy little shops framing City Hall in the center .
tr	NN	But the lantern stays unlit .
tr	NNS	Phone calls might be made , authorities might be alerted ? "
tr	NN	" The crown is cool and all , but we 're not kings .
tr	NNS	Things can go wrong very quickly . "
tr	NNS	White , purple , and gray streaked down the petals , as well , the colors clustered together like they were one stripe .
tr	NN	From the point where she had fallen , the owl hopped forward along the bough .
tr	NNS	Looks like it 's empty .
tr	NN	An outline comes into focus .
tr	NNS	Things had gone wrong .
tr	NN	" The database is now updated , and next Friday I should get a check for $ 2,300 after taxes . "
tr	NN	The tremor lasted longer than the others and had an edge to it .
tr	NNS	No more directions were forthcoming .
tr	NNS	The murmurs and whispers of the small crowd faded .
tr	NN	My instinct was to declare the old man insane .
tr	NNS	The surroundings were actually quite beautiful .
tr	NN	My teacher shifted uncomfortably .
tr	NNS	My hounds bumped my hand , and my thigh .
tr	NN	A scowl pinched my forehead as I started unpacking the boxes .
tr	NNS	Animals that had most probably witnessed Jakob killing one of their friends .
tr	NN	Hang honor , hang it all .
tr	NN	The gryphon 's fur and wings were a beautiful bronze that glimmered in what little sunlight slid through the trees to the forest floor .
tr	NN	The captain searched the boy , cruelly bound his hands behind his back , and took the reins of the ' silly horse . '
tr	NNS	Images of warfare flashed in his mind .
tr	NNS	By the end of his seventeenth year , ghastly rumours were spreading round the whole of Fermanagh , Tyrone and Armagh .
tr	NNS	The werewolves were elusive anyway , and driving them underground or secretly stamping them out by arranging killings would slowly dwindle their ranks as well .
tr	NN	It was wonderful to see it standing again , the wrought iron grates along the lower windows and intricate plaster detail stirring nostalgia .
tr	NN	The chairman pointed to her papers .
tr	NNS	Reapers were the reason why al the kids were at Mythos to start with .
tr	NN	That French Pete legend has been floating around since the gold rush days of St. Elmo .
tr	NNS	The first few classes went by as they always did .
tr	NN	The second route of infection is less common , but is considered extremely dangerous .
tr	NNS	" Families are messy , aren 't they ? "
tr	NN	The stench made him grimace .
tr	NN	The whole concept just struck me as ... amazing somehow . "
tr	NNS	Didn 't mothers and grandmothers still need to make afghans ?
tr	NNS	" But all my belongings are waiting for me there too . "
tr	NNS	Haley and the little old ladies were on a mission to save the day and the town .
tr	NNS	My wrists felt sore , and the skin around them had been pretty thoroughly abraded .
tr	NN	Six iron bowls filled with blazing fire were stationed at the six points of the hexagonal room , providing the only light source .
tr	NN	There is wisdom in it and insight . "
tr	NN	A minute later the video cuts off .
tr	NNS	His pupils seemed to expand , the darkness taking over the green of his eyes .
tr	NN	Ferry glared up toward the ' coder .
tr	NN	Her flashlight jerked as she struggled , illuminating curtains of bats overhead .
tr	NNS	The stores were full of merchandise , customers and even owners .
tr	NNS	Things were beginning to look up .
tr	NNS	Under his hand the strings trembled .
tr	NNS	What if the authorities hadn 't bought the story ?
tr	NNS	What kind of shit had Reyes and company dragged her into ?
tr	NN	Upon asking if VIN had eaten anything that day , the policeman left and returned with a fresh pizza , telling VIN that he had better eat .
tr	NNS	Lights suddenly blazed on inside the cavern .
tr	NNS	Multiple cave openings appeared .
tr	NNS	There were thousands of Scots gathered there that day , reminding me of the day that the rebellion broke out in Edinburgh .
tr	NNS	The images circling the confused Ranma moved even faster .
tr	NN	His gentle tasting liquefied her insides more than his words could .
tr	NNS	But the other eight zombies were making decent progress .
tr	NN	My mate lies dead from their abuse of her .
tr	NNS	Bright silver characters shone in the lunar glow , as finely traced as their daytime counterparts but completely distinct in form .
tr	NNS	The boards creaked lightly beneath Martha 's invisible weight .
tr	NN	The behemoth crowded in on Timmy , forcing him to take a step back .
tr	NNS	" Who are the appropriate authorities in this case ? "
tr	NNS	" Regardless of how many centuries have passed and how many generations divide us .
tr	NN	The valet returns quickly , zooming Anthony 's car into the overhang and screeching the tires when he stops .
tr	NNS	My siblings and I were to be provided with the best education and resources when we were small .
tr	NN	The crocheted sweater and green pants would have fit in the 1970s , the same with the green polyester scarf decorating her long neck .
tr	NNS	" Opposite directions , " Ethan said .
tr	NN	A vow resonated with power , making it binding .
tr	NN	The iron was warm on my back , but the air crisp and clean .
tr	NN	" I see , " said the senator , nodding his head .
tr	NN	There was no hesitation in my answer .
tr	NN	Her tail was long and thick , as it whipped back and forth at a rapid pace .
tr	NNS	Her experiences were purely down to the experience at home .
tr	NN	The castle has been quiet for centuries , but there are more and more reports of the undead attacking the Trade Road .
tr	NN	She wanted to sleep , wanted the blessed oblivion of a numb mind and body .
tr	NN	There was a challenge in Skyler 's soft voice but her gaze had slid away from his the instant he released her .
tr	NNS	" How are your butterflies ? "
tr	NNS	Silk 's daggers were already doing their deadly work .
tr	NN	" But the crop is becoming very temperamental . "
tr	NN	The challenge came during the solo section in the middle .
tr	NNS	His daggers reflect the firelight .
tr	NNS	Instantly glowing bulbs dripped like crystal tears from an overhead source , brightly illuminating the spacious room .
tr	NNS	The car is a shell , our belongings are less than that .
tr	NNS	Maris crossed her arms .
tr	NN	How about a big cheer for our supporters , our fellow crusaders ? "
tr	NN	Kinshasa airport was hot and stuffy and completely disorganized .
tr	NN	' Idiot dwarf ! '
tr	NN	Instead , apart from the glory of one side defeating the other , the tournament was an opportunity for knights to make a bit of money .
tr	NNS	The chains would prove he 'd brought her under his complete control .
tr	NNS	These two factors led the next generation of World Government officials to make certain alterations to Project Cleanse .
tr	NN	This hardening of a long-standing grievance added to the precarious nature of the edge on which the various factions were standing .
tr	NN	So the Hab canvas shields from electromagnetic waves .
tr	NNS	She shoved past a couple walking their Labrador , shouts of indignation wafted after her .
tr	NN	This warm-up could easily involve hitting as many balls as a 28 handicapper would hit in two rounds of golf .
tr	NNS	My fingernails scraped against granite .
tr	NN	The dimple in his cheek deepened .
tr	NN	The arrival of foreign ships and their crews usually brought fresh voices , but not tonight .
tr	NN	His bravado didn 't work .
tr	NN	My h * ps start to move , trying to get him to touch me .
tr	NN	An ugly , large blister had formed over it .
tr	NN	My new outlook on not being a bystander in life meant I had to face the fact that I 'd really changed .
tr	NN	the inspector said again , his words riding a curl of tobacco smoke .
tr	NN	A faint blush filled her cheeks as anger went through her .
tr	NNS	Romulus never missed answers , but when the others mixed up stairwells with stairways and kitchens with kitchenettes , he shot them uncharacteristically dark looks .
tr	NNS	Veronique 's eyelids fluttered open briefly to show only the whites of her eyes .
tr	NNS	His expected gross fees from Group One alone were $ 106 million .
tr	NNS	The biblical paintings streamed over the walls like the waves of a lake in the sun light in the morning .
tr	NNS	Names , characters , businesses , places , events and incidents are either the products of the author 's imagination or used in a fictitious manner .
tr	NNS	" There aren 't many Officials out here anymore .
tr	NNS	My own wetness made the thrust almost as effortless as our hands had been on each other 's flesh .
tr	NN	Love with Logan was freedom .
tr	NN	Only one dragon was strong enough to make her his and his alone .
tr	NN	This skanky chick had probably slept in the same bed that we were together in last night .
tr	NNS	" Things like solar power , wind power , wave power .
tr	NN	" My kitten needs food . "
tr	NNS	" What do zombies chant at a riot ? "
tr	NN	My secretary has taken to saying things like there are no shades people either do something or they do not do something .
tr	NNS	" Your jealousy could end up getting her hurt , " His dad whispers and my heart starts beating double time .
tr	NNS	Three drops of her blood dripped onto the herbs inside .
tr	NNS	There are two grocery stores , three drugstores , and , like , five billion churches located in strip malls .
tr	NNS	The differences between straight and gay people are just in who they love .
tr	NNS	My credits , assuming I still have some , are on both .
tr	NN	Like every wound , there 's a scar , a memory , but it fades .
tr	NN	So much innocence lost .
tr	NN	There was no pattern and it was very imprecise .
tr	NN	Like the trickling of a river , her race began to manifest and walk toward her .
tr	NN	Jazz realized her heart was still pounding , and she was breathing too fast , and reached up to run her hand through her hair .
tr	NNS	The floors were bumpy , curvy , and shook from side to side .
tr	NN	His first instinct was to throw up the old defenses .
tr	NNS	Three pairs of eyes widened .
tr	NNS	Sirens still made her feel slightly nauseous , and she took the stairs at work instead of riding in the elevator with a bunch of folks .
tr	NN	Didn 't her theory fit the facts ?
tr	NNS	' New , both items appear new .
tr	NN	Inside the box was a pencil -- a yellow , wooden pencil , with a graphite lead .
tr	NN	Though in retrospect they were almost assuredly correct , after all there is a 2,000 year gap in my education .
tr	NN	The Master glanced at her , then resumed his stoic gaze at the far wall of the training room .
tr	NN	" Love and dying have been my life . "
tr	NN	That bastard would pay .
tr	NN	The house shone , dinner was on the table when he walked in the door , she helped us with homework ... " Her laugh was caustic .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared as he answered .
tr	NN	His government is cooperating with other agencies around the world to try and determine if a vaccine can be developed quickly . "
tr	NNS	In about maybe a hundred cases around the world people share the same level of Spirit .
tr	NNS	The drapes glowed red with another pulse of light .
tr	NN	The gap grow bigger and wider with every twists on the jewel .
tr	NNS	A chair here , a desk there , a mattress , and a sofa that would have to suffice as a second bed .
tr	NNS	Gorgeous and glorious as always , but you look like that took it out of you . "
tr	NN	" I usual y hear it toward the morning - but I usual y sleep without dreaming for the first few hours and wake up early . "
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared , and faster than I 'd ever seen anyone move , he flung the desk across the room .
tr	NN	His loyalty to his boss had always come first .
tr	NNS	The creatures were freeing themselves , willing to let their burned skin peel away as they pulled themselves up from the broken floor .
tr	NN	To her amazement , her stern grandmother chuckled .
tr	NN	These guys are so invisible and so connected , the whole security setup is more bling than bad-ass . "
tr	NN	The recording had only taken a few minutes .
tr	NNS	Metal bars prevent him from turning his head or touch anything .
tr	NNS	Her fingernails had small palm trees painted on them and she wore at least one ring on every finger .
tr	NNS	Both axes sliced and hit nothing but air .
tr	NN	A sharp tap on the window woke me up a little later .
tr	NNS	There are scenes of nail-biting action ; very graphic and disturbing scenes of violence , even by today 's standards .
tr	NN	My master uses those he wishes and throws them away .
tr	NNS	Most members of The Courant relied on the guards to defend and protect them .
tr	NN	The accent was thick and difficult to understand .
tr	NNS	Things could degenerate quickly .
tr	NN	It seemed an impossible task as she gasped like a fish out of water , her corset suddenly unbearably constricting .
tr	NN	My leg bends and my foot travels up the back of his calf , his jeans rough against my bare toes .
tr	NN	The London " tube " had a stop that connected with a pedestrian tunnel leading straight into the shopping mecca .
tr	NNS	" Officials are always narrow . "
tr	NNS	Curious what Kellan 's reaction would be , I decided to play with him and my sister a little bit .
tr	NN	The morning dew had disappeared from the grass around the bandstand long before the trio of odd bedfellows showed any sign of awakening .
tr	NN	The Sentinels wil die out there , one after another .
tr	NNS	Soldiers began to pile into the square , appearing from hidden side streets .
tr	NNS	" Sometimes the facts suffice . "
tr	NNS	My grandparents did not want to see my sister and me orphaned . "
tr	NNS	Thoughts of his agility had a now predictable effect .
tr	NNS	There were factions that believed that if I sat the throne I would contaminate all the immortals with the disease of mortality .
tr	NNS	The hallways were wide and tiled and spotless ; the offices were sterile and filled with technology .
tr	NNS	Michael carefully slid the tasers out of his pocket , his thumbs resting on the buttons that would shoot the wicked prongs up to fifteen feet .
tr	NN	There was no indoor plumbing , and the electrical service was out of date and inadequate .
tr	NN	The dragon looked over at the hotel over a thousand feet away .
tr	NN	" There is no sin in giving aid to the weak and helpless .
tr	NNS	Black spots winked over his vision , followed quickly by red .
tr	NNS	If you really concentrated , the differences between the two girls were obvious .
tr	NN	" The tradition is to turn the license plate over if the tub is in use .
tr	NNS	The Northern Lights that had illuminated Paul 's journey provided the indication as to when the sun would return back to normal .
tr	NN	There is no written reference in the congressional journals for that session addressing them .
tr	NN	The Ghost traveled another twenty minutes , soaring swiftly with the quiet burble of its engines .
tr	NN	" You , you can 't just come here demanding to see one of my beloved children and ... and , " the headmaster stopped .
tr	NNS	Others stuck religious statues ( mostly the Virgin Mary ) by the front door .
tr	NN	Her yard boasted a variety of vegetation , much of it native to the area like cactus , chaparral , yucca , and sage .
tr	NN	Forest shadows shattered as a huge shape burst into view , low , muzzle rippling , paws wide , striped tail high and stiff .
tr	NN	And what is the goal ?
tr	NNS	The creatures surged forward .
tr	NN	Sam 's theory was in Sam 's notebook .
tr	NN	But his defeat was complete when Bax closed the door , shutting him in the room .
tr	NN	No one liked pop quizzes , especially ones the teacher wanted you to fail .
tr	NNS	There were huge gaps in the staircase .
tr	NN	And her intent was clear .
tr	NN	The lieutenant moved toward Barney .
tr	NN	There was a faint rustle of displaced clothing , then the wide head of his c * ck notched against her .
tr	NN	The van was already speeding up by the time she had both feet on the floorboards while someone else slammed the door shut .
tr	NNS	Dry sobs broke from her as she tried to reach out to her Mama and Papa , but to no avail .
tr	NNS	Things seemed so large and insurmountable .
tr	NN	The bastard had blindsided him !
tr	NN	The crown breaks that bond .
tr	NN	A roar of support rang loud .
tr	NN	An engraved silver tray with nine yellowish drinking glasses rested on the table .
tr	NNS	Her movements were fluid and graceful as she drove the music forward .
tr	NN	A burning wood chip sizzled through his leather shoe .
tr	NN	A single spotlight accents his art .
tr	NNS	Two servants pushed her chair in with a loud scrape .
tr	NN	But a quantum leap in the quality of play was greatly appreciated , if not completely satisfying .
tr	NN	The dark stairwell scared him more now than before .
tr	NN	His abandoned flashlight painted a steady white circle on the wall .
tr	NN	The email , as it was open and apparently unfinished , could have easily been a clue as to the whereabouts of General White and his family .
tr	NN	A rough growl escaped from his throat .
tr	NNS	Even his tomato chopping skills are effortless .
tr	NNS	Now the werewolves were up as well .
tr	NNS	All members heard the news and started to head for the showers , while Lea started to clean the equipment .
tr	NN	The priest , a kindly old man , sighed .
tr	NN	" If we screw it up , we ' l definitely take you up on the offer . "
tr	NN	Carefully , so as not to knock into Antonietta accidentally , the huge dragon lowered itself so she could climb onto its back .
tr	NNS	Simon 's cats chased , caught , and dismembered their share .
tr	NN	Gabby smoothed a wrinkle in her polo shirt .
tr	NN	Not sitting in a room that smelled of marijuana and drain cleaner , her belly growling .
tr	NN	" If I remember correctly , there is an open air market nearby .
tr	NN	The click of her bedroom door is my only answer .
tr	NN	A spark brightened her brown eyes .
tr	NNS	She and I gave each other a look and drifted apart , and I strolled over to my mother , my wineglass clutched in a death grip .
tr	NNS	There were a few YouTube clips on the Facebook page , and Emma clicked on the first one .
tr	NNS	" Things , " I try .
tr	NN	No offense , my Lord , but don 't you think it 's odd to have us working in each other 's kingdoms ? "
tr	NNS	Words just get us into trouble .
tr	NNS	Words slithered around his mind : surveillance and spying and conspiracy and cover-up .
tr	NN	A spark of sympathy for her teacher came to the surface , but got drowned out in roar of her pulse a second later .
tr	NN	The parade has already started but lasts for hours , as do all the parties .
tr	NNS	And then there were the trashy tales of Paulette being a sexy criminal who was taken to the station late at night for questioning .
tr	NNS	His military pals from the diner had apparently spread the word about her because a half dozen had come to check her out .
tr	NN	When I wake in the morning , the sunshine is cheerful , but I 'm not .
tr	NN	But packaging most always jump-started a relationship and her first column in her Simply Sexy series , entitled " Sex Appeal , " had run on Thursday .
tr	NN	" A precaution , " Hunter repeated .
tr	NN	In the meantime , the captain spent his time between Middle Plantation and Jamestown , often remaining with friends when away .
tr	NNS	The sirens shrunk back in fear .
tr	NN	" Where is this convention ? "
tr	NNS	Serrated cliffs of red granite surrounded him for as far as his unaided eyes could see .
tr	NN	This scenario felt so dangerous my arms had goose bumps and my breathing had become erratic .
tr	NNS	His thrusts grew deeper as he stroked her inner muscles .
tr	NN	" But Dr. Hanover , we 're not talking about God , here .
tr	NN	The mosaic depicted an image of the goddess Minerva .
tr	NNS	Nerves forgotten , she trembled , desire licking at her from the inside out .
tr	NNS	My grandparents are right outside .
tr	NN	And the stake gave and shifted in his hands .
tr	NNS	" But concepts don 't make great men .
tr	NNS	The Finger prints found on the personal information contained in the items found on the body were also those of Boson Ion .
tr	NNS	Their jaws dropped wide open and profanities in four languages filled the air .
tr	NN	" The south end of the lake , My Lord - about two days . "
tr	NNS	The possibilities are enticing .
tr	NN	The race was already under way , and Karen Ross did not intend to lose it .
tr	NN	The mare goddess seizes my chin with her hand .
tr	NNS	At his death , the healers whispered that he had been poisoned .
tr	NN	Our electricity always works .
tr	NNS	" The villagers believe the river was poisoned . "
tr	NNS	" How are your training sessions going ? "
tr	NN	As long as you stick together you 'll have a chance , " said Adam 's grandmother .
tr	NNS	There were no streetlights , just the brilliant stars overhead .
tr	NN	Then the grandmother appeared and killed the Big , Bad Rat and she and Little Red Riding Hood threw the rat 's body in the river .
tr	NN	The humans jumped back , their equipment crushed beneath the creature .
tr	NNS	With tears in his eyes , chills ran down his back and his heart raced .
tr	NN	The electricity at his touch made my head swim .
tr	NNS	Many mothers of her rank hardly saw their children at all .
tr	NN	My main goal is to help my dad and Layton out on the ranch .
tr	NN	The majority of the employees of Wilshire Grove were extraordinarily good people , but Joy held a special place in Catherine 's heart .
tr	NN	A Mayfair , all right , thought Mona .
tr	NNS	Why waste calories on something that 's both illegal and bitter tasting ?
tr	NN	His brothers ' lectures had distracted him from watching the window and the guesthouse to make sure Samson didn 't sneak out on them .
tr	NN	A thud of feet hitting the earth struck him like a slap , and he instinctively dropped .
tr	NNS	As the car came into sight , the edges of her brain flashed a warning .
tr	NNS	Panting with fear , her fingernails scratched the slippery black slate roof as she scrambled up to the peak .
tr	NNS	' Only that zombies are dead people who have been raised by magic to do the bidding of the person who made them . '
tr	NN	" Who 's this strapping young fellow ? "
tr	NN	The bonus here is that we 're already married . "
tr	NN	Aria 's paralysis broke .
tr	NNS	But her actions didn 't excuse his .
tr	NN	" Flight # 408 now loading at gate 4B on the north concourse , " came over the loudspeaker .
tr	NNS	The only witnesses would be too drunk to remember a thing .
tr	NNS	There were no other items stored in here .
tr	NN	Opening up the store had been a risk .
tr	NNS	The shots had woken Gerry .
tr	NNS	Other creatures gather around us , joining the dance .
tr	NN	" The oracle 's words , yes , but there is more .
tr	NNS	Words were a powerful tool when wielded in just the right way .
tr	NN	Part of me didn 't think he would come back .
tr	NNS	The boxers looked in A-1 condition as they shook hands in the middle of the ring .
tr	NNS	Quiet words were exchanged , pats on backs .
tr	NNS	The two couples sat in the circular booth and glanced expectantly at Troy and Faith .
tr	NN	Ok , just had to get that out .
tr	NN	My instinct is telling me to run and scream , but my body wants to wrap itself around his glistening , sweaty arms .
tr	NNS	" What if there are other Werewolves waiting for us at Bloody Mary 's ? "
tr	NNS	The runes were not Gray Book runes ; they were alien and strange .
tr	NN	A growl worked in his throat .
tr	NNS	" And preferably seats that didn 't have you wedged between two other guys . "
tr	NN	Her partner is short and untidy but exceptionally fast .
tr	NN	In the corner , a TV had the news on it and there was no mention of him making him feel safe .
tr	NN	Never mind , there 's always ale . "
tr	NN	The notion of our fated love bothered her .
tr	NN	At such close range , the shooter could not miss .
tr	NN	My reputation isn 't ... exactly what you imagined . "
tr	NN	Part of him hoped that they would find other survivors and begin to build a community , but the other part loved having Vanya all to himself .
tr	NN	' Hi yourself , ' the keyboard player said smiling but not slowing .
tr	NN	A heavy gloom fell over Reuben .
tr	NN	" Did the spider tickle you anywhere before you swallowed it ? "
tr	NN	Her new mother-in-law gave her shoulder a final squeeze .
tr	NNS	Later in the day , the teachers bring the students in groups of five to the gondola ride .
tr	NNS	The leather seats grew hot and moist against the backs of her legs .
tr	NNS	Not only that , the black suits wouldn 't have stayed so long if they had found our neighbors . "
tr	NNS	The creatures had roamed the Earth millions and millions of years ago .
tr	NNS	And Renaissance poisons weren 't nearly as reliable or as deadly as history implies , either .
tr	NNS	Something wet leaks down the back of my pants -- Crom , is it blood ?
tr	NNS	Images flashed in his mind , and they were all of Mary 's memories of what happened in that room in the basement .
tr	NNS	Powerful jaws snapped shut , catching only cloth .
tr	NNS	The binding strands had disappeared from Galilee 's head , revealing his anguished face .
tr	NNS	Others gave theirs too . "
tr	NN	The steady creak of the rocking chair echoed its soothing song .
tr	NNS	Questions filled his eyes and her skin baked with embarrassment .
tr	NN	The brunette nodded , her lips trembling even as she moved away from me .
tr	NN	The black lace seemed to jumped pop out like an erection .
tr	NNS	But chips only take a matter of hours , right ? "
tr	NNS	Tree frogs called to one another , hundreds of different sounds as various species vied for space on the airwaves .
tr	NN	See , a recently read student is always brilliant to have on hand .
tr	NNS	Periodically clerks and watchmen arrived with more files and ledgers , which were solemnly received , assessed and added to the relevant pile .
tr	NNS	Any objections by Trifecta 's team are dealt with quickly and ruthlessly , and in the end we walk away with a preliminary agreement in place .
tr	NN	A sob caught in my throat .
tr	NN	That van came far too close to her .
tr	NN	Their combat was similar to cage fighting , if someone were to watch it in fast forward motion .
tr	NN	The redhead grabbed his backside and jumped .
tr	NN	Chapter 18 : The Flight of the Condor Wilbur was a true child of his surroundings .
tr	NN	Dan 's uncle ignited the burning system by pressing a button .
tr	NNS	And the newest designs , playthings for the ultra-rich , were the most mind-blowing yet .
tr	NNS	Looks like a bill . "
tr	NN	A black silk square stuck out of his left chest pocket .
tr	NN	That sleeping attire indicated the differences among them .
tr	NN	If I had , my accent wouldn 't have been so horrible , and Kalyani wouldn 't have needed to guide me word by word .
tr	NNS	Her fingernails bit into his scalp , lighting his nerve endings on fire .
tr	NN	The concept of diversionary tactics gels quickly .
tr	NNS	What did really old ghosts think about to make them scowl so often ?
tr	NNS	Your horns look so beautiful and I would just like to - " " All right .
tr	NN	" Fool us , my grandma said .
tr	NNS	As it was , the authorities had hauled him in for questioning twice .
tr	NNS	But those actions caused the woman he loved more heartache than anyone deserved .
tr	NNS	Dogs are dogs and they 're pretty simple .
tr	NN	Neither option makes me feel good .
tr	NNS	Skulls made it to a corner of the room , opposite from Mary .
tr	NNS	Werewolves heal quickly . "
tr	NNS	Four bloodstained male warriors and the three females stood in the center of the room , each studying her with avid interest .
tr	NN	The fellow would fall in with it .
tr	NNS	" Two small slivers of glass , " said the robot , coolly .
tr	NNS	There were some quiet crashes in the woods , and Simon and Neil appeared at the gate .
tr	NNS	The Render drones surged toward Percival .
tr	NN	An assuring nod later , Link squeezes her shoulder assuredly before backing away and climbing back onto Epona 's saddle .
tr	NNS	Hiding behind two nonexistent , imaginary characters is the most - " David was on his feet again .
tr	NN	Love turned from the window and smiled .
tr	NN	The arrangement worked well for everyone concerned .
tr	NN	The resort had seemed so desolate , as though every guest had vacated the island for the night .
tr	NNS	The spaces have become stuck .
tr	NN	The bullet had passed right through , not cutting any major arteries .
tr	NNS	What if the combined side effects of a drug , causes more discomfort than the illness ?
tr	NN	I 'd strung the dipole antenna into the study , had grounded it to a copper pipe in the backyard .
tr	NNS	The coins hit the ground behind her , throwing up chips of stone , then leaving trails in the mist as they ricocheted away .
tr	NNS	" Maybe the other expectant mothers were all Joseph . "
tr	NNS	Or are these empty accusations ? "
tr	NNS	A dozen spikes flew out of camouflaged holes below the humans , impaling their legs and bodies with spears as tall as I was .
tr	NN	If the smile were big enough , every once in a while a dimple would appear .
tr	NN	That freezing drizzle . "
tr	NN	Who is the winner ... ' the whispering sounds echoed everywhere .
tr	NNS	His companions joined in , just as more of the robed fighters appeared to help their friends .
tr	NNS	The grapes , he now recalled , seemed not to be as ripe as he 'd assumed , initially .
tr	NN	There 's no accounting for sex attraction and a physicist may well condescend to a lowly tourist guide . "
tr	NNS	There were murmurs of approval .
tr	NNS	Things weren 't normal .
tr	NN	Simply a hole with sump pump and large PVC mounted to the wall , the discovery was just as anyone would expect .
tr	NNS	The moment the ruling was made public , the media went crazy .
tr	NN	Anger and jealousy pushed aside reason .
tr	NNS	" All the signs seem to verify that it begins there .
tr	NN	For all his grumpiness the gargoyle did care for her .
tr	NN	As much as I wish it wouldn 't , my pulse quickens at the thought .
tr	NNS	Looks like he was already drunk when you got to him .
tr	NN	The trickle of blood was now running down one of the wrinkles from her mouth to her chin like a droplet of rain down a gutter .
tr	NN	The solar lamp alone isn 't strong enough anymore . "
tr	NNS	" After the quarantine centers failed , governments tried to protect their dignitaries .
tr	NN	" Gathering wool or chasing dreams ? "
tr	NNS	There were few mages who took red as their medium color .
tr	NN	The crash of Marisa slamming onto the roof would give them away .
tr	NN	The campfire was very cozy .
tr	NN	The intruder had kindly swept the contents of my desk into a pile on the floor .
tr	NNS	Who were the handlers ? "
tr	NN	But then another contraction came , and Maya , caught by surprise , cried out .
tr	NN	My uncle taught me it 's best to keep any information about an investigation close to the vest , so to speak .
tr	NN	The book 's author retains sole copyright to all intellectual contributions to this book , including but not limited to text and images .
tr	NN	The small crushed bullet lay on the floor near the couch .
tr	NNS	As a human , pretty much nil , but once Hades returns my godhead , my chances go up exponentially . "
tr	NNS	' My servants have all deserted me , but my little pets are still faithful . '
tr	NN	' The last leader gave me some advice just before he died , and do you know what it was ?
tr	NN	The little dragon is inspecting his work having just connected some critical joints .
tr	NNS	The two makeup authorities finally finished , stood back clucking in admiration of their work , and beamed at Alani .
tr	NN	The alpha in him stank of power , more so than my own father ever had .
tr	NNS	Aren 't mothers supposed to have some instinct or other that let them know when their children were in danger ?
tr	NNS	There were rats there , dozens of them , some of them nearly half the size of Maurice .
tr	NN	The castle had grown dark .
tr	NN	The chef went into the first one , unconscious but apparently still alive .
tr	NNS	Police cruisers lined the streets at a distance , creating barriers on either side of the scene .
tr	NN	The static in my ears had died down a little , and I could make out someone saying " Is that him ? "
tr	NNS	Then there were the jump suits , the faded blue , covered in blood and dirt , identical jumpsuits that the men before me were wearing .
tr	NNS	Hephaestus lay on the floor and his eyes moved in circles , trying to focus on anything .
tr	NN	The rider sat very still .
tr	NN	A little assistance , she thought .
tr	NN	" The castle has a dungeon ? "
tr	NN	After a moment , his craggy face twisted with a snarl .
tr	NN	All the bearded hunter could do was stare wide-eyed .
tr	NN	Part of her wanted to further plead her case , make Callie understand why marriage made sense .
tr	NNS	Clipped locks of her hair attract middling interest .
tr	NNS	The small jagged bits of metal protruded between her fingers like claws .
tr	NN	The agent to my left took the last one , so I didn 't get to see what was on the printout .
tr	NN	" Some kind of criminal , I guess , " scoffed the sergeant .
tr	NNS	The roads beneath them were empty as they flew back towards London , warily and quick .
tr	NN	Speaking of fun , where did your handsome escort disappear to ?
tr	NNS	Lots of people replied " yes . "
tr	NN	No pun intended . "
tr	NN	Her uncle was looking several shades more robust than he had mere days ago , when he 'd declared that all was lost .
tr	NN	" Let me get a picture of everyone , " her grandmother said , her voice slightly strained .
tr	NNS	There were also sturdy cells beneath the house to hold his prisoners and a dozen escape tunnels .
tr	NN	That little spider 's web thing we found on the packaging and the tattoos ... ... .
tr	NNS	The loftiest notions open to us were how to make our meals more vibrant and more interesting .
tr	NNS	" How many containers of vanilla ? "
tr	NNS	The images from her vision ceased as well , so he could only imagine what was happening to Elise behind him .
tr	NNS	There are footsteps coming from my parent ´ s side of the house .
tr	NN	A whole quarter of the planet had left - the wealthiest and most powerful fourth - leaving the other three-fourths behind .
tr	NNS	Both factors would have to contribute to a sense of superiority compared to the rest of the human race .
tr	NN	The sightseeing session had ended too abruptly for Nate , leaving an uncomfortable silence between him and his companion .
tr	NNS	The knights , captives and hooded mage all halted .
tr	NNS	Drugs send me to a halfway place , where it 's warm and hazy , streams of light that likely come from his equipment .
tr	NNS	Girls of her upbringing don 't do that . "
tr	NNS	Cricket 's pupils grew small .
tr	NN	The partner slid his hands into his trouser pockets and smiled warmly .
tr	NN	As the man was pulling me to his car , parked where yours is now , the owl swooped down and clawed the man 's face . "
tr	NNS	The restaurants were all open , and people were eating dinner outdoors .
tr	NNS	The open lands all surrounded a sprawling city of stone buildings and timbered lodges .
tr	NN	Her nightgown waited for her , hanging on the back of the door .
tr	NNS	" The banks are too high for us to dock the raft and the water 's too deep for us to wade in .
tr	NN	His familiar fondness caught in my throat .
tr	NNS	The windshield wipers swiped back and forth , carrying a small red envelope across my windshield .
tr	NN	" Where did all this wisdom finally come from ? "
tr	NNS	The night frogs and the night birds were perfectly silent .
tr	NN	" Hon , this bike belonged to your dad .
tr	NN	If you remember , the government of the day decided against repairing the tube and blocked off every entrance .
tr	NN	Every inch of him has to be all right .
tr	NNS	The slow caresses that were intended to warm and stir his sleeping beauty increased to a frantic diagnostic check .
tr	NNS	" Folks are usually a little nervous after a break-in . "
tr	NNS	Things like that can happen .
tr	NN	A little glint showed up in his eyes any time I used his name .
tr	NNS	All Michael 's ideas about the spring came pouring out of him like a torrent .
tr	NNS	Strangers seemed to stare as if they knew Mike 's past .
tr	NN	Not a belly laugh , like her father or some of the men back in Idris , but a more refined laugh .
tr	NN	There 's no pizza delivery down there . "
tr	NNS	Shouts filled the air .
tr	NN	A creak sounded overhead .
tr	NNS	Gramps winks , grabs a stick and kills the fish quickly .
tr	NNS	The edges of the tiny island crumbled a little more .
tr	NNS	National Geographic shots of feeding piranhas flood my mind , and I add yet another note to my schedule : find out where the library is .
tr	NNS	A second later , his eyelids fluttered open once more and he struggled to focus on my face .
tr	NN	The scowl that darkened Tench 's face appeared to be more one of puzzlement than anger .
tr	NNS	The hotel , restaurants and marina golf course opened a week earlier and the early feedback from players was positive .
tr	NNS	Screams , cries for help .
tr	NNS	Words had always amused her , and a lack of flesh to laugh with did not seem to diminish that amusement .
tr	NN	" When is your employer due ? "
tr	NN	With all stealth abandoned , the bearded hunter followed the trail of purple without missing a step .
tr	NNS	" All the signs are there - your Trait appearing early ... today wasn 't the first time was it ? "
tr	NNS	The servants released me and the boy took my hand .
tr	NN	The burning , black hatred building up inside of me was so overwhelming that it took me a moment to formulate any sort of response .
tr	NNS	Rest assured , the Iron King 's minions are no threat to us .
tr	NNS	His jaws moved with rhythm less lethargy , his eyes staring straight ahead .
tr	NNS	The tracer chips should be sending you location signals as well as status reports .
tr	NNS	The drones were small , fast moving metallic orbs that fired their deadly energy bursts from a gleaming blue eye , at their center .
tr	NN	But the duke was an entirely different question .
tr	NN	Behind a desk in the lobby , there was a receptionist who appeared to be in his eighties .
tr	NN	Another bump nearly sent him back to the floor .
tr	NNS	His eyelids fluttered as sleep found him .
tr	NNS	The electrified bars hummed quietly .
tr	NN	Most likely the owl will realize it 's not food , she thought , and drop it somewhere .
tr	NN	A chuckle rumbled deep in the floorboards of the building , and Edgar 's stomach twisted .
tr	NN	The winner gets to run the P. " Thomas let out a long breath .
tr	NN	The ice dragon heard and understood .
tr	NN	Then the guilt would overcome her .
tr	NNS	Reyes , fight her .
tr	NN	My twin seemed very pale , and there were dark circles under her eyes .
tr	NN	The warrior was right .
tr	NNS	My grandparents had been poor and probably would have jumped at the chance to have Dad in a top-notch school .
tr	NN	A game player , I wondered ?
tr	NNS	His framed degrees lined the walls ; he displayed a few family photos , which were artfully arranged on a credenza .
tr	NNS	" Only a few planets even contain the trace chemical .
tr	NNS	There were seven cells around the room .
tr	NN	The freighter skipped up the horizon , a great stone crossing the surface of a glassy sea .
tr	NNS	" Ponzi schemes are like investment deals .
tr	NN	And now , the slave becomes the master .
tr	NNS	" Who would your employers happen to be ? "
tr	NN	Only the gunfire didn 't come from the weapons that the Executioner 's men held .
tr	NNS	These waiting areas were empty , and there was no one working to check in clients .
tr	NNS	" The McCabe warriors have a reputation for being fair .
tr	NN	His silver dragon flew through the sky .
tr	NNS	Heavy drapes flew against the walls like feathers in the wind .
tr	NN	And no doubt the sexy blonde would ease whatever niggling frustration had been raised in that brief encounter .
tr	NN	" And there was always the Easter Egg hunt at the country club . "
tr	NN	Fortunately our audience was loyal enough to find us .
tr	NN	His confident aura seemed to have vanished , replaced by one that seemed beaten .
tr	NNS	" Things should have a certain look , and this does not !
tr	NN	The sudden venom caught me by surprise .
tr	NN	Part of me wanted to go over to my bag , grab the crown , and throw it off into night , never to be seen again .
tr	NN	Because those are the rules , " the seer said .
tr	NNS	Things like that are rarely coincidences . "
tr	NNS	After moments of panting consternation , wickedness replaced the stricken look on her face and she attacked him with tickling .
tr	NNS	Things had not started well .
tr	NNS	There were streams and fields and even mountains beyond all of that .
tr	NNS	The villagers and tenants turned up in large numbers , confused about rents but pleased for our hospitality .
tr	NNS	Retail stores closed their doors and battered shoppers returned home with nearly maxed out credit cards .
tr	NN	Work , and Crystal , and school , and the quarry all blurring into one .
tr	NNS	The three goons that had been trussed up on the train had bitten down on suicide pills and were dead when the cops found them .
tr	NNS	The planes were overhead .
tr	NN	A squad of soldiers had formed up at the tower 's front .
tr	NN	Part of me wondered if maybe he had lied that night .
tr	NN	I listen , start running full-out now , my purse dangling from numb fingertips as I race for the ground floor .
tr	NNS	There were three levels and our names and numbers were printed on the list next to a level and room number .
tr	NN	A poker through the chest could not have hurt worse .
tr	NN	" No kidding , " Nate said .
tr	NN	" Missy the twig must be very special .
tr	NN	But instinct was telling her that if she tipped her head back farther , Chandler would gladly accept the unspoken invitation .
tr	NN	A small brass lamp burned on the night table , giving a warm light through its parchment shade .
tr	NNS	In the smal est imaginable droplets , an opalescent fluid fel , colors swirling as if to try and make up for the ugliness of the ashes .
tr	NN	The apron hardly stretched around the girth of his leather jacket , but it was still somehow tied , and it made him look completely ridiculous .
tr	NN	There was one turret positioned above the bow and one above the stern .
tr	NN	In a heartbeat , his best mate surged to his feet and managed to lay one attacker low with a belt to the chin .
tr	NNS	What are his experiences ?
tr	NN	His determination was infectious and all in the room knew who was in charge .
tr	NN	A staircase ascended to an upper floor , occupying most of the space in the passage .
tr	NNS	All three cameras worked and I could even see my truck in the view of the camera pointed in the direction of Jules ' window .
tr	NN	The cold thud brought a needed splash of reality .
tr	NNS	His cheekbones cast dark shadows down the sides of his face ; his long mouth was closed and twitching slightly , snaking across his jaw .
tr	NN	The tin matched the cookie jar on the counter .
tr	NN	" All the Jews know it .
tr	NNS	There were several other couples , all of whom slid over to make room for the four new people .
tr	NN	Ivar the Viking leader gave a harsh whisper to be quiet while he was surveying the river ahead .
tr	NNS	Where were the survival instincts her father had drilled into her from an early age ?
tr	NNS	My eyelids became so heavy that I simply couldn 't hold them open .
tr	NNS	The twins , awake again from Tasha 's violent jolt , sat up in alarm .
tr	NNS	Her thumbs worked wildly while she typed a message out to Mike .
tr	NNS	Girls stare at him like they 'd kidnap baby zoo animals in exchange for a dance .
tr	NN	There was a little model of the Palace in a glass globe .
tr	NNS	And when are the restrictions going to be lifted ? "
tr	NNS	The grasses rolled like waves on a turbulent sea , undulating in deep peaks and troughs .
tr	NNS	The trousers pinched hard enough to make him wince .
tr	NNS	" Young werewolves are extremely strong and powerful .
tr	NNS	Other members of the traveling party had gone in different directions .
tr	NN	The weakness was almost worse than the pain .
tr	NNS	The differences were as striking as the similarities .
tr	NN	Like he 's going to tell the pledge master and president that they can 't crash at his house ? "
tr	NN	" Part of it 's likely from the incomplete mirror cloning .
tr	NN	The term ' burn in hell ' isn 't a figure of speech . "
tr	NNS	If the target is up to something or suspects they are being tailed , their actions will give that away .
tr	NNS	Alcoholic beverages were only for special occasions with them so they hung out in the back room of the general store .
tr	NN	His skin was pale , almost ghostly white , the reward of a childhood spent in shadows .
tr	NNS	" More , more , more ... " He growled and kissed me again , our tongues thrusting against each other just as our bodies were .
tr	NN	Then another weave set out a large sound , imitating a hundred trumpets playing while lights flashed in the air to give the alarm .
tr	NNS	Things might not go so well for her during the next election , so she was looking to move herself into an even better position .
tr	NN	The deed will be in your name as soon as you sign the papers . "
tr	NNS	Cadmus and I looked at each other .
tr	NN	A layer of cheese at the core of the crust , topped with three different types of cheeses , sausages , chicken strips , and pepperoni .
tr	NN	" Where has my grandmother gone ? "
tr	NNS	Realizing too late , some immortals were able to defend themselves as panic and confusion set in .
tr	NNS	The creatures of the night could now come out to start their lives anew , as they had for millennia .
tr	NN	" Thank you for allowing me to officiate at your marriage , " the priest said .
tr	NNS	Too many images of the hunt were crowding in on him .
tr	NNS	Flames engulf the screen again .
tr	NN	Her absence might bring a different thing to his life .
tr	NNS	Most ghosts enjoyed the full range of their hosts ' senses .
tr	NNS	When they were on the edge toward The Clan , the other wolves bowed down thanking them .
tr	NNS	The fairies have changed you , adopted you , infused you with their magic .
tr	NNS	The sirens grew fainter as she put more distance between herself and the plantation .
tr	NN	And there was a third siren , yes .
tr	NN	The real author behind it all is the Almighty , Who writes about all of us . "
tr	NNS	Ladies and gentlemen of the jury , don 't get me wrong .
tr	NNS	Aurelius gave me a slow fire that built to a mind-bending climax .
tr	NNS	" What you can do is practice your computer hacking skills , as I believe I will be needing them shortly . "
tr	NN	His posture was both too tense and too fatigued , as if he were trapped in some state between the two .
tr	NN	Wanted Cammie to have all the things a normal four-year-old should .
tr	NNS	The planes of his face had sharpened , etching his features into a thoroughly masculine countenance .
tr	NN	A supervisor backhanded one of the women , and pushed the other into her chair .
tr	NNS	The blades churned the rock dust , engines whining as they sucked the fouled air .
tr	NN	The ambassador was an ally and friend , who owed his post in Washington , D.C. to the Owl 's influence and discreet lobbying .
tr	NNS	The changes , which she experienced lately , were impossible to follow for people who knew her .
tr	NNS	Such hopes were frivolous , though .
tr	NN	That acknowledgment shook him to his bones .
tr	NNS	Her releases only added to the pressure building , forever building until she was chanting , Please , please , please .
tr	NN	The same scowling faces peered out from the paintings .
tr	NNS	There were several squeals , mostly from the girls , and even Jessica jumped .
tr	NN	There was no luxury of a karate class or shooting range to release them physically , so he would have to settle for a shouting match .
tr	NNS	" But the wedding preparations are hard for you . "
tr	NN	Once we got home , momma asked me what I needed to talk to her about .
tr	NN	" The leader also adds that if ever Jack grimaces or laugh , even just once , they 'd cut his head off .
tr	NNS	The repairs to the ship had taken too long already and if Edward caught up with him now he would have no escape .
tr	NN	As he watched Craig and Anna for a moment through their craft 's windshield -- kissing passionately , the pilot grinned with relief .
tr	NNS	" Things didn 't go well ? "
tr	NNS	Those suits allowed him to blend in , to become almost invisible .
tr	NN	The baron looked at the four of them with hate .
tr	NN	An exercise rider who works for another horse owner calls out , " Women don 't belong on the racetrack !
tr	NN	The hunter had a table set up alongside McGrady and watched the farmer unpack and set up shop .
tr	NNS	Bugs shouted as the troupe lined up and bowed in a coordinated effort .
tr	NNS	The seats were leather and dark gray and springy .
tr	NN	Amanda 's zeal for life reminded him of his wife .
tr	NNS	With time , though , those fears will go away , and my life will become quite normal .
tr	NN	His spine straightened when Corrado stepped inside , his shoulders tense and body rigid , but he didn 't turn around to look .
tr	NN	As you said , the air wil do us good , " I said , pul ing Violet 's chair back and offering her my arm .
tr	NN	A wicked glint lit up her dark eyes .
tr	NN	The four-door sedan was at top speed at 85 mph .
tr	NN	The garment wasn 't shabby , but nor was it as rich as others at the party .
tr	NNS	" If born , the twins are , very interested Anakin will be in them . "
tr	NNS	But real facts didn 't stop them from spewing out their thoughts .
tr	NN	There was spit soaked through their clothes ; heck , there was even spit on their shoes if you can believe that .
tr	NN	Chapter 26 Liam 's hangover was epic .
tr	NNS	" Well , the bees do all the work making honey .
tr	NN	What could one little stroking possibly hurt ?
tr	NN	" We 're taking him to GW Hospital , " the medic said .
tr	NN	The quirk to his lips fell , though , and he raised his chin slightly as he looked at Zane .
tr	NNS	Eve 's eyelids dropped .
tr	NNS	The colors blurred and , even though I wanted to be furious and pound his back , I laughed so hard I couldn 't breathe .
tr	NN	The government launched that satellite at a nine hundred percent loss ! "
tr	NNS	Muscles bunched under his tight shirt , his breeches snug enough to show the cut of his thigh muscles as he moved .
tr	NNS	Controlled bursts , conserve your ammo , " he yelled over the sound of firing as the small group of humans clustered back to back for protection .
tr	NN	The tip of him rubbed around the edge , so close , but not inside .
tr	NNS	The nurses dispersed and separated to set about their individual tasks .
tr	NNS	" What are the classes here like ? "
tr	NNS	Delicate nuances of a language I did not understand until now .
tr	NNS	After all , frogs could have sought refuge in the water . "
tr	NN	" Take a break , " JJ says .
tr	NNS	No medical supplies or baby blankets .
tr	NN	The redhead pretended to twist a lock over her lips .
tr	NN	" A relic , " he said .
tr	NN	And who was the second tenant ?
tr	NNS	No bloody images the talking heads can use on the vids to rouse people to a vocal outcry .
tr	NN	The captain was quiet for a moment .
tr	NN	The leader actually looked sad when he came up to her and said , " We not make rules .
tr	NN	His tuxedo fit him well , she thought , but what did she care about something like that ?
tr	NNS	Would both ghosts disappear again ?
tr	NNS	Jackson 's nostrils flared and I expected him to defend his actions , but he changed his tactic .
tr	NN	Everyone knew each other , this hunt would be routine .
tr	NNS	His wrists bled and his skin was a sickly gray , but his voice was strong when he spoke .
tr	NNS	Perhaps lovers had carved their initials in it , and then it was struck by lightning .
tr	NN	' North dock , ' his lieutenant told him .
tr	NN	In a corner booth were two men staring at her and Boone .
tr	NNS	Whilst it still has users on Earth , there are only a few other users in other systems .
tr	NN	Chapter 8 Becoming As they approached Dorian , the elf looked at each of them in turn .
tr	NN	There was a sickening thud as the car collided with the boy .
tr	NN	' Her uncle trusted me ; I gave him my word , and now I 've failed him . '
tr	NN	The Boy stood so fast the chair screeched against the cement pad and clattered to the ground .
tr	NN	No seed nor root is going to escape this cleansing . '
tr	NNS	His defenses dropped as concern flashed in his eyes . '
tr	NN	The off-duty homicide investigator put her napkin on the table , not realizing the impact of her words on the latecomers .
tr	NNS	Smaller drums took up the cadence .
tr	NNS	" Your Highness has become a legend in recent years .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of Earl only brought up images of his face , spewing with rage .
tr	NN	This is Mia , " Storm introduces , her hand stroking the little girl 's dark blonde waves .
tr	NN	A ton of them came to her mind now .
tr	NN	" But any tsar will have no choice but to work with the church .
tr	NNS	The two warriors sat up and looked at their naked bodies , their vision no longer clouded with the fire of last night .
tr	NNS	The networks plead for people to stay calm .
tr	NN	The only option she had was to get the robe herself .
tr	NNS	Eve 's eyelids fluttered , then lifted .
tr	NNS	Our female clients will be clamoring to secure an introduction . "
tr	NN	The pilot spoke through the headsets again , " We 're nearing the shore .
tr	NN	The attendance was fewer than ten thousand ; we could tell the crowd was slim .
tr	NN	There is a click before I can say anything else .
tr	NNS	Marius cranked the wheel and sped out onto the road , back in the direction of The Dome .
tr	NNS	" Those torches along the wall are almost burnt to stubs .
tr	NNS	Questions seemed to be working .
tr	NN	The archer poured tea .
tr	NN	" This theory was the fashion until 1953 , when a group of retired agents ... " Eva and Tina 's attention drifted back out the window .
tr	NN	A growl draws her attention back to Kai .
tr	NNS	Their thick , gold locks cuff neatly under their faces .
tr	NN	The stench had overpowered the dreadful smell of sweat and urine and defecation which had filled his carriage .
tr	NNS	The large block letters read , " WE 'RE HUNGRY NOW ! "
tr	NN	Some tenant may notice the elevator 's position , be curious , and try to visit the roof .
tr	NN	Link puffed his chest out .
tr	NNS	Then instincts and training kicked in .
tr	NN	" My warrior woman . "
tr	NN	One race , however , stood in their way .
tr	NN	On the screen is a streaming video of a camera zoomed in on Nora walking through her living room into her kitchen .
tr	NNS	The cliffs could stay .
tr	NN	" I ' l give him a chance . "
tr	NNS	There were huge cabinets filled with crystal , china , silverware , napkins .
tr	NNS	" Ladies and gentlemen , Congressman Jones 's bill suggests that there is no other course of action .
tr	NNS	If they weren 't in a frat , chances were I didn 't know them .
tr	NN	How is the kiddo ? "
tr	NNS	Once the fire started , the servants put together the tents .
tr	NNS	The sobs were quiet and I placed a consoling hand on her shoulder .
tr	NN	The principal plays with the paperweight .
tr	NN	Slowly the crate settled onto the bed of the truck .
tr	NNS	The seats are empty but I still hear the songs .
tr	NN	A trickle of something simmered in my gut and the buzz of anxiety spread .
tr	NNS	Several servants carried in my belongings , comprised of books and maps , as well as my little dagger .
tr	NN	And her reputation was all she had , the only way she could differentiate herself from her mother and sister .
tr	NNS	The whispers were more widespread among the underworld denizens , but they were slowly starting to circulate among regular folks as well .
tr	NNS	Many floors below and out along the edge of the PRC headquarters building was Duncan Hunter 's office .
tr	NN	Part of you did it out of spite , to prove you were better than those who were in pursuit of the three . "
tr	NNS	The pilgrims prayed out of the depths of their hearts and souls .
tr	NN	There was a power vortex at Siesta Key beach .
tr	NNS	Both boxers slid into the ring and went to their respective corners .
tr	NNS	My hounds were like greyhounds , but not quite .
tr	NNS	The tightness had loosened in my chest , though until he spoke , I had not entirely realised that laughter had bubbled up in its place .
tr	NNS	Its effects , however took that many years .
tr	NN	The sun shone in the clear blue sky and spring fever had her floating .
tr	NN	The parchment turned to dust in a moment .
tr	NNS	" I tutored some football players on the side , did some mommy 's morning outs and a bunch of other odd jobs .
tr	NNS	" Where 's your sunglasses ? "
tr	NN	A low , rumbling growl shook his chest as we came to a halt on our floor .
tr	NN	The prognosis does not look good . "
tr	NN	Though every guard were on post , the castle were at its most vulnerable , and we were going to swim right through like silvery trout .
tr	NNS	The media was giving them the sympathy , showing outrage for the suffering they 'd been through at Genesis .
tr	NN	" But good-looking , " the first pilot said in defense of himself .
tr	NN	A TV tax had been common in the countries of the British Commonwealth since TV 's inception .
tr	NN	' You Are Allowed Autonomous Movement Within The City And Environs , ' the golem rumbled .
tr	NNS	" Anyway , " I said , " mineral claims have lost a lot of Indian land .
tr	NN	" So maybe the bum is a suspect .
tr	NN	I mean , talk about good looks running in the family , his uncle was beautiful !
tr	NNS	His eyelids began to lower , and he conjured up the faces of his wife , his son .
tr	NN	" Hello , there , " the vendor replied .
tr	NN	Drew 's Mississippi drawl roughened the words .
tr	NN	After thousands of years together , the explorers had drawn together , their bond stronger than family ties .
tr	NN	" We never meant you any harm , " the redhead said .
tr	NN	The US government never turns down a healthy young man looking to enlist .
tr	NN	The click of her heels broke Lexi out of her trance in time to see Rubi shoot her that million-dollar smile .
tr	NN	But the festival would be no fun at all if we kept wakeboarding like this !
tr	NN	Song looked at her curiously .
tr	NNS	" Our mothers were heroes . "
tr	NN	" There 's a third-rate ski resort near your western border in a town called Winchester .
tr	NN	" My dear Frost , " said Wither , " this is hardly the moment ... and one of us must be free to meet Jules . "
tr	NNS	" Something monumental happened today . "
tr	NNS	The villagers have a moral code , just like everybody else , and you publicly breached that code .
tr	NN	The old maple took the brunt of it .
tr	NN	The guilt swept through me , taking my momentary strength with it .
tr	NNS	The female dwarves had agreed to go as far as the camp to make the numbers look fiercer than they actual were .
tr	NN	The mayor looked at me pompously .
tr	NN	Former secretary , he reminded himself .
tr	NNS	Too bad Angelus wasn 't from Gatlin ; he would 've known that .
tr	NN	The unit making the buy of the nukes was feeding information to your researcher .
tr	NNS	This emptiness reminds me , that special dance With the fish of dreams , one and only Hayle .
tr	NN	The ghoul stopped moving .
tr	NNS	" In fact , Sir , such sentences are exhausting .
tr	NNS	And then there were the exceptional cases .
tr	NNS	The tightness in my throat worsened .
tr	NNS	There are at least three distinct species .
tr	NN	On the other side , after wrapping around the grounds , the forked tail formed a delicate curl which was incongruously playful .
tr	NN	Her furious tirade was almost the equal of the outburst when she first learned her pearls were missing .
tr	NN	But the technique had been rudimentary and either killed the Shifter outright or made him so crazy he went feral .
tr	NN	His intern had started a week before he turned in his first good report .
tr	NN	" Love is not always enough , as much as we may want it to be . "
tr	NN	" My bike 's ready .
tr	NNS	These cyclical expressions are infinite and all of them lead an individual to pains and troubles .
tr	NNS	These punches are easy to see , easy to dodge .
tr	NNS	At least us wolves didn 't have that worry - once we made a vow to the moon , we were together for life .
tr	NNS	There were spots of color high on her cheeks and her eyes were greener than ever .
tr	NNS	Doors sagged , and gates were cracked and falling off their hinges .
tr	NNS	The fights were widespread and included both high schools and colleges .
tr	NNS	Several framed posters of her favorite bands and musicians adorned the walls .
tr	NNS	Looks like being clean and off drugs has really done her justice . "
tr	NN	There was a mumble of excitement and the pace picked up in anticipation .
tr	NN	Once they were all green another tech announced , " all stations report that transducers are focused and ready . "
tr	NNS	His commands fall on false ears .
tr	NNS	" Things have ... changed , angel .
tr	NN	The master can 't live in the house and it will fall into ruins unless he sells it .
tr	NNS	The young bard 's visits brightened up the days and it was such a pleasure to talk and banter with him .
tr	NNS	Outside appearances are usually deceiving .
tr	NN	The soft roar of fan motors came from an unmarked door .
tr	NNS	Things are going okay with it so far , better than I thought they might .
tr	NNS	The three figures clumped across the dormitory .
tr	NNS	The texts you desire are ancient and almost uniformly amount to unconfirmed speculation .
tr	NN	The last batch almost broke my tooth . "
tr	NNS	Those cookies looked too good to pass up .
tr	NN	No commander worth the rank lets his mind be distracted by such things . "
tr	NNS	Three large cylinders full of water bubbled in a row in the center of the room .
tr	NNS	The teachers would have their hands full now .
tr	NNS	A heavy door slams shut with a clanking sound and the impenetrable silence returns .
tr	NNS	Their axes hewed many orcs ere fatigue betrayed them .
tr	NNS	There were thousands of books .
tr	NNS	Here the wares of the world were available for purchase .
tr	NNS	My instincts told me to run for my life .
tr	NN	The bomb squad feels confident they can defuse it , but I don 't want you anywhere near here . "
tr	NN	The collapsed crate shifted when he sat and Sado held it in place with his hand .
tr	NNS	There were no forks , but that didn 't surprise me .
tr	NN	The colonel only said , " Humph , " and motioned to the guard .
tr	NN	David goes back , but quickly recovers and is upon me instantly , the goblet disintegrating in his hands which grasp my neck .
tr	NN	Thinking of little Kayla just about shattered his heart .
tr	NNS	Her paws hurt from the gravel and hard ground .
tr	NNS	" Things go south with Miss Anonymous ? "
tr	NNS	There were murmurs of surprise from the surrounding crowd .
tr	NN	The festival would last a full day and night before ending -- loud enough to hear even through the thick walls of our house .
tr	NNS	As before Lord Cleaver was trailed by Drummond , then members of his own pack as he entered .
tr	NNS	My eyelids felt heavy , and the afternoon heat and humidity were making me sleepy .
tr	NN	The timbre of the engines climbed , and the Bell accelerated to its maximum speed .
tr	NN	His body posture telegraphed he was not thrilled about going into the sinister building before them .
tr	NNS	So did his colleagues in California .
tr	NN	The map showed the latest known positions of the Coalition forces , as well as the enemy forces .
tr	NNS	The following morning , the two wolves ranged out ahead of the rest of the party , but again they encountered no one .
tr	NNS	Their uniforms puffed out slightly , as if they had an umpire 's padding under there .
tr	NN	Another warrior , older , watched with a smirk .
tr	NNS	Words she needed to say , truths she needed to confess .
tr	NNS	Heavy footsteps sounded outside , and sunlight flooded the tent as someone flapped open the door .
tr	NN	" Don 't know sir , " the sergeant answered .
tr	NNS	So the servants know already .
tr	NNS	Things with more legs than she had , which didn 't make good roommates .
tr	NN	Her daughter-in-law was closer to the truth than she 'd ever know .
tr	NN	The elf glanced at Rollo for confirmation .
tr	NN	An automobile , for example , had a few thousand parts .
tr	NNS	Things had worked out with Sherry , at least in the beginning .
tr	NN	Part of me didn 't want to , but I couldn 't help but talk to her .
tr	NNS	The ghosts parted and with a sigh of relief , Elizabeth walked out of the stairwell and happily closed the door on the confused pair .
tr	NN	" Who 's the mayor ? "
tr	NN	A pit began to form in Alec 's stomach .
tr	NN	Kelly 's heartfelt sentiment warmed him .
tr	NNS	Alec 's hackles instantly rose .
tr	NN	Rawlings ' reputation was anything but spotless .
tr	NNS	The teachers were still teaching as usual , but it was getting harder to concentrate on lessons .
tr	NN	Her pendant had begun to flash , slow steady bright pulses like a heartbeat .
tr	NN	His audacity was staggering .
tr	NNS	His meetings at a partner company with the young , beautiful marketing director , who makes no secret of her desire for him , are a temptation .
tr	NNS	There are warriors who do not break through with their wives .
tr	NN	The maid left swiftly .
tr	NN	The linen was snowy white , the knives and forks were solid silver , and the porcelain plates were edged in gold .
tr	NN	Her poet , so kind and gentle , so giving and loving , was suddenly something altogether different .
tr	NNS	Things were changing fast around here .
tr	NNS	The coils of the rope loosened , sliding down to encircle her neck .
tr	NNS	There were two possible versions of this answer .
tr	NNS	The hushed , respectful movements subdue most of the flashbulbs .
tr	NN	One thing Ainsley didn 't understand , however .
tr	NN	The sergeant motioned to his men and two of them went off in that direction .
tr	NN	" My subconscious has already decided I 'm going to do it . "
tr	NNS	Several members of the bridge club came over and greeted them , welcoming Gracie into the fold .
tr	NN	Strike , parry , thrust .
tr	NN	The nausea hit me again and I realized it was twice as strong this time .
tr	NNS	Those concepts that knew nothing of Fate 's error had expected something more physically daunting than the duo that faced them .
tr	NNS	The sirens began screaming , and Ray jumped .
tr	NN	One secretary stuffed files into a massive briefcase .
tr	NN	" A thief if ever there was one -- and I 've met many thieves .
tr	NNS	Your colleagues told me I 'd find you up here .
tr	NN	Just like Selene said ... . "
tr	NN	After the second kick the goblin curled into a fetal ball with his arms protecting his battered head .
tr	NNS	The saddles in there are cheap . "
tr	NNS	Reyes did not want the man anywhere near Danika .
tr	NNS	Eventually , the activities she did enjoy , such as putting on lipsticks and blush , lost their punch when their mother died .
tr	NN	There was a ton of trash out there from last night , including a couple places where people had been sick .
tr	NN	A strap would snag here , a buckle come loose there .
tr	NNS	The villagers also quieted their voices in respectful approval of Eli 's decision .
tr	NN	A leader must be 100 % committed ... .
tr	NN	Just what he needed ... The small brown canine started barking as soon as it caught a whiff of his inhuman essence .
tr	NN	To you or to the Bright Queen , who has also lost her Jewel Sentinels .
tr	NNS	The camp followers around him weren 't easy to ignore , however .
tr	NN	A villa built into those rock formations as if it was a part of them . "
tr	NN	There was no other explanation for forcing Lady Julienne La Coeur to stay .
tr	NN	The vortex allows water to run counter to the general flow direction , but is ultimately carried along by the current and dissipates .
tr	NNS	The aliens were about to annihilate life on planet Earth .
tr	NN	Then the van stopped and they moved us out of it .
tr	NN	The hunger and restlessness would be unendurable .
tr	NNS	Maybe a few drinks didn 't matter one way or another .
tr	NNS	But there are some drinks we want to sell more than others ; do you know what they are ? "
tr	NNS	The other cells were empty .
tr	NN	In the morning , the chaplain blessed his sword , and then heard his confession .
tr	NNS	The doorways opened , filling the fuselage with a cold draft of scorched air and the red sun disappeared over the horizon .
tr	NN	Here , plush burgundy carpet layered the floor .
tr	NNS	Waves of ecstasy throbbed through him like blood rushing through veins , carrying precious oxygen to the heart .
tr	NN	The agony drained away .
tr	NN	The panel fell open on the side of the POD , released from inside , revealing five X. 50s .
tr	NN	Then the villain and his companion took their leave of Quin 's office , traversed the chasm , and made their way towards their goal .
tr	NNS	Soldiers shouted to each other down below , and above all the racket came the shrill voice of a young woman speaking rapidly and confidently .
tr	NNS	Even back when she 'd thought herself to be madly in love with her ex , his kisses had never left her this out of breath .
tr	NN	A low rumbling of energy rolled over Myra and settled into her bones .
tr	NN	The ease you have while spending time with me is quite rare .
tr	NN	The festival closed off the major thoroughfare .
tr	NN	Don 't be silly , " his uncle grumbled lightly .
tr	NNS	Questions the man , holding the gun straight up to my forehead .
tr	NNS	Some letters came out of that machine fifty years before they were posted ! '
tr	NNS	Rawlings grinned as she scribbled the names and threw the papers back into the hat .
tr	NN	" I 'll go , " Link said with a sigh .
tr	NN	Her mom fol owed her lead and lay back .
tr	NNS	The elevators were installed and in service , which made going up and down so much easier for workers .
tr	NNS	Others who look more like demons than humans .
tr	NN	Will your grandmother sic the dog on me if I just come back to see you tomorrow ? "
tr	NN	Their objection to your visiting the grave is something I shall never understand .
tr	NNS	Bridesmaids dresses bring in color , right ?
tr	NNS	Chills swept up her spine and coiled around her stomach as he rubbed the gooey gel over her finger .
tr	NNS	Even the cards themselves seemed more otherworldly .
tr	NNS	The huts are still standing but we can 't see any people .
tr	NNS	Twenty four hours out of those forty , the banks would not be open .
tr	NN	This condition only affects around 2400 boys in the UK , making it a rather rare one .
tr	NNS	Cas yanks open the dresser drawers , cursing when he finds them empty .
tr	NN	The hunt will not come if the vengeance is not righteous . "
tr	NN	But just in case , there 's emergency equipment inside that 'll cut through the walls . "
tr	NNS	The colors and the music in the room were getting more subdued as well .
tr	NN	The headboard tapped against the wall .
tr	NNS	" Great minds think alike . "
tr	NN	There was hardly any tissue left on or around the skeletal shape .
tr	NN	" Chance does want to get back together with you , doesn 't he ? "
tr	NNS	Small red rockets streaked over it .
tr	NNS	The goblins looked at him and at each other in confusion .
tr	NNS	Some followers found it difficult to grasp the heart of his teachings .
tr	NNS	Images flashed through my mind ... Liam and I kissing , holding hands , laughing and happy .
tr	NN	Their venom wasn 't deadly , but death seemed preferable to the pain they inflicted .
tr	NNS	Its contents were getting antsy .
tr	NN	A single knight , a rider of the sixth lance Gold Wing , guarded the landing .
tr	NN	The marine layer was far off the coast , giving the sun the opportunity to shine and the temperature to reach the high seventies .
tr	NN	The NSA paramilitary unit enters the East Gym tunnel in force , assault weapons drawn .
tr	NNS	All shyness disappeared as he explored every inch of her .
tr	NNS	The boobs do too . "
tr	NN	The spider nipped at me once again , its fangs closing around my torso and squeezing .
tr	NN	So the legend says , the more tails a fox has , the wiser , stronger and the longer the fox lives .
tr	NNS	His thrusts strengthened as the animal in him gradually broke free of its cage .
tr	NN	A growl rumbled in his throat .
tr	NN	Ronan 's intervention let Jace save face , and Broderick didn 't get his ass handed to him .
tr	NN	The bay is a large dimly lit room with a dozen round trap doors in the floor .
tr	NN	Her stupidity and ignorance had allowed him to continue to kill .
tr	NN	Any adrenaline I felt during the song quickly disappeared .
tr	NNS	There are much less screens and a bed , with layers wax paper piled on it .
tr	NN	A good investigator has a little knowledge about a lot of subjects , which is sometimes just enough to know where to find more .
tr	NN	" My lease is up next month .
tr	NN	The TV lay shattered in the corner with some of its pieces mixed among the monsters ashes .
tr	NN	The administrator eyed her a long moment .
tr	NN	In the end , the consensus was to eat , sleep , send out several scouts , and make a plan in the morning .
tr	NN	His audience howled and cheered as one well dressed fur ball approached the center and faced him .
tr	NN	The youth 's charm is infectious .
tr	NNS	Though it was not deep , the puckered edges were a nasty red and dusted with sand .
tr	NN	A liar always gave away tells , if you knew where to look .
tr	NNS	There were shotgun blasts , and people holing themselves up in their homes .
tr	NNS	There were little differences here and there ; she was different than before , and yet , it was a difference I liked .
tr	NN	The white unicorn drove his entire weight , sidelong , into Cerberus 's obsidian side , knocking the dark unicorn 's body into the rubble .
tr	NN	Soon there was no more beef to be bought .
tr	NNS	The pupils of Daemon 's eyes had started to glow .
tr	NN	The passion gave way to an engulfing sadness as their last strangled cry echoed in my head .
tr	NNS	Only a few more generations will survive here .
tr	NN	Maybe the transition in his mind was slower than that , more of a gradual change , but Trystan didn 't see it coming .
tr	NN	His teacher was a young Cantonese woman whose beauty was almost luminous and who was just finishing a lesson with another foreigner when we arrived .
tr	NNS	After a few minutes , the long strands were dry , but it was hard to tell .
tr	NN	There was a rustle of trees as a breeze rose off the fields .
tr	NN	Her pitching was not as strong so the coach took her off the mound and played her at shortstop .
tr	NN	The sonic bullet struck the flank of the bull .
tr	NNS	" Our siblings do not seem to be in any hurry to bargain for you .
tr	NN	A canvas she 'd propped on an easel and lowered so that she had a direct view .
tr	NNS	The larger bird glided silently toward earth , razor-sharp talons extended as if coming in for a kill .
tr	NN	Not only was the gorgeous hunk away from his wife , but he remembered Amber , as evidenced by the mischievous smile in his eyes .
tr	NNS	The streetlights were dark , except for the uniform blue glow that came from everything .
tr	NN	Such a condition would plainly satisfy the more inquisitive and was reason enough for our separation .
tr	NNS	Marius growled and raised a closed fist at the ceiling .
tr	NNS	All four members of the Caldwell family stood to offer support .
tr	NN	" A Vampire with a conscience , " Rafe had murmured .
tr	NNS	Flames leaped as high as the window .
tr	NN	Beneath my shoes the shaggy brown carpet looked up like an old friend .
tr	NN	The capt 'n ' as kindly informed me ' t is my task to train ye up proper like . "
tr	NN	The author takes you to this horrible place , this post-apocalyptic world , and then he makes it worse and worse .
tr	NN	Caden 's light chuckle turned into a groan as his face rested into the curve of my neck .
tr	NNS	" Things are pretty quiet here in spite of things .
tr	NNS	" All the monitors say he 's fine though .
tr	NNS	Immortals have come from all over the world to protect you , my dear .
tr	NN	Manual entry , while possible , just didn 't seem probable to him .
tr	NNS	Alexis adds as she looks to Emma and represses a smile .
tr	NNS	Oh my god , what are the chances ?
tr	NN	The secretary looked at her quizzically .
tr	NN	" Put them up in sequence starting from the earliest , " the colonel suggested .
tr	NN	The décor was exactly what you would expect in a diner .
tr	NNS	Apparently , there are two professors who are dying to work with me . "
tr	NN	The pilot took his own seat and checked the controls .
tr	NNS	In the distance were dense mountain forests that seemed to embrace and protect the valley below .
tr	NN	" The honor is the same . "
tr	NN	The trumpets may yet sound .
tr	NN	Believe it or not , in Parma opera is more popular than soccer . "
tr	NN	The brusque normality of the nurse 's voice made Claire shiver .
tr	NNS	And as I 've already told you : all experiments have to come to an end .
tr	NN	9 Wyoming HE continued on to Cheyenne .
tr	NN	" How big is the transport ? "
tr	NNS	Their hurried footsteps echoed down the hall toward the nursery .
tr	NNS	" The valiant warriors , graceful , beautiful , and powerful , descended on the enemy with little compassion .
tr	NNS	The saints succeeded in pulling plugs on some and altering the settings on others , causing some missiles to veer off target .
tr	NNS	Other signs could manifest themselves further on in the pregnancy .
tr	NN	The senator was a skeptic , always has been .
tr	NNS	Shea 's abilities are random , a fact that has always frustrated her .
tr	NN	On it was a huge photograph of a man and a woman at night .
tr	NN	She traced the raised surfaces , admired the precision of the design .
tr	NNS	Her instincts kicked in , and survival thoughts took over .
tr	NNS	The scrolling letters continued for a few moments , then abruptly disappeared , leaving only a small blinking rectangle at the top left corner of each panel .
tr	NNS	The nurses gave them a lengthy list of places to try .
tr	NNS	Tourist areas do not allow homeless populations to take up residence .
tr	NN	That bastard called the cops on me .
tr	NNS	Three letters appeared on the chalkboard .
tr	NN	A rogue smile surfaced , slow and wicked .
tr	NNS	Questions are uncontrollably spooling through my mind .
tr	NN	" And my revenge begins . "
tr	NNS	His jaw was clenched , his nostrils flared .
tr	NN	This short description terrified me .
tr	NNS	Soldiers ran on past it and now an enormous explosion to our right erupted and sand and water sprayed down on us .
tr	NNS	Unlike the campsites in Provincial Parks , there are no toilet facilities in these parks .
tr	NNS	More pounding came from below .
tr	NN	Her teacher unlocked the classroom door , hands shaking , not showing a bit of surprise .
tr	NN	At that moment a dragon carrying a rider dressed in black and red robes swooped down from the sky toward Azul .
tr	NN	Who real y knew ?
tr	NNS	Its jaws snap open and a brief flash emits from the back of its throat .
tr	NN	" Because my mate is going to be with me , in my pack , by my side , for the rest of my life . "
tr	NNS	Reyes would not be able to follow him if Danika were not close by .
tr	NN	The entry made fascinating reading .
tr	NNS	Ahead , the floors were muddy and sloped downwards .
tr	NN	There 's a small two-wheeled extension attached to the rear , and strapped into a harness on the platform is , obscenely , a large pink sow .
tr	NNS	The courts decided to try you as a juvenile so your file was sealed and technically it would be inadmissible in court .
tr	NN	The van sputtered as the last of the fluids blew out of the engine .
tr	NNS	Some dresses had lace , others jewels , and all the fabric appeared soft and delicate .
tr	NNS	Proper drugs are a bit of a chore to get . "
tr	NN	Love desperately looked about him as his hand reached to the inside of his jacket .
tr	NNS	All six wolves lunged immediately while the demon leapt back , avoiding Beth 's shot .
tr	NN	A spark of white light materialized at the tip of the wand as Dustin pressed it against Morgan 's forehead .
tr	NNS	Hephaestus looked at the meter and then at Zeus .
tr	NNS	The jungle wonders of the government complex leave me unmoved for the first time .
tr	NN	The cherry red bra had been a good luck charm .
tr	NN	My five-year-old , Logan , is a boy and equipped with all the flaws inherent in those models .
tr	NN	A sharp jab to my shin makes me let out the breath I hadn 't been aware of holding .
tr	NNS	The blasts knocked both Jim and I flat on the narrow walkway I felt little needles pricking me in the back .
tr	NNS	My favorite stores were the little boutique that sold all those cool Bohemian skirts , tops , and costume jewelry , and Let 's Cook !
tr	NN	The Master followed him out .
tr	NN	No , the only option open to her was the future , and she 'd face that , sagging skin and all .
tr	NNS	Werewolves walk the earth .
tr	NNS	Electric trains hum on their tracks , and sun dappled trees shade the paths that lead along the open corridors of the city .
tr	NNS	Cars whizzed past , their lights blinding her until she felt dizzy .
tr	NN	His first stroke was swift , filling me up .
tr	NNS	Flames flickered and cast shadows across the tiny room , warmed my face .
tr	NN	" When this creature swiped at the camera , there wasn 't a scar . "
tr	NN	A roar erupted throughout the room followed by the stomping of boots and a clanging of crockery .
tr	NNS	A million notions flew through my head .
tr	NNS	All cabinet members sat in the conference room , next to the Oval Office in the Whitehouse .
tr	NNS	Old ladies usually like that one .
tr	NN	An illustration of a beautiful man with blue skin and one hand raised looked back at me .
tr	NNS	What are the chances that it will happen again ?
tr	NNS	Lots of fertile farmland , lots of potential for people to make new lives . "
tr	NN	As the rising ceremony progressed , the usher allowed successive groups of courtiers into His Majesty 's bedroom .
tr	NN	" No birthmark could look that ... much like a person , especially not one we - Hey !
tr	NN	A gleam of uncanny ire reared itself in Pope 's eyes .
tr	NN	The tip centered over my heart .
tr	NNS	Small gates on brass posts guarded basement entrances under the porches .
tr	NNS	Since that time , like most lives tend to do , their directions changed drastically .
tr	NNS	The best minds left are meeting to come up with a new plan that will keep something like this from repeating in another hundred years or so .
tr	NNS	Cooking boxed spaghetti didn 't measure up .
tr	NN	Love looked after her .
tr	NNS	Drugs are like that .
tr	NN	" Your hunter went too far . "
tr	NN	" A noble sentiment yon hairy one .
tr	NNS	Their movements bespoke terror .
tr	NNS	The dresses are heavy , coarse , and dark grey -- just like our future .
tr	NNS	Basic practices and ideologies do change from coven to coven though .
tr	NNS	Screams mingled with thuds , grunts , curses and yells for help .
tr	NNS	When he was making love to her , all her fears and worries melted away .
tr	NNS	When I was most alone , the wolves understood .
tr	NNS	The footsteps were coming down a wooden ladder at the bow end of the prison deck and he was wrong about there being just one person .
tr	NN	His honesty and generosity touched her heart .
tr	NN	The carport was behind the apartment building .
tr	NNS	What have the twins done to be put in these coffins ?
tr	NN	The fresh paint had new meaning given Anna 's revelation .
tr	NNS	" Only female Shadowhunters can enter the Adamant Citadel . "
tr	NN	Her resolve quickly flagged as the tingles matured to delicious tremors .
tr	NNS	And there were usually visible signs .
tr	NNS	Screams erupted , winding around me like ivy leaves reaching for the sun .
tr	NN	There was chaos as they scattered , screaming .
tr	NN	The armour had long metal spikes that were strategically placed on the helmet , shoulders , elbows , gloves , waist , knees and boots .
tr	NNS	Aris asked after letting Thomas digest his story for a while .
tr	NNS	Images of wolves stalking buffalo calves , lions attacking young gazelles , tigers dragging their prey into the treetops .
tr	NN	The Rescue of George , Maurice and Julian Page 75 13 .
tr	NN	Mike 's appreciation sent chills over me .
tr	NN	That lust could take center stage on a night like this made him question his own character .
tr	NNS	" Yes , your skills are remarkably ill developed .
tr	NN	A flat screen television fitted snugly into the upper left corner wall .
tr	NN	The wagon master said as he shook his hand , " It 's an honor to meet you .
tr	NNS	Names , characters , businesses , places , events and incidents are either the products of the author 's imagination or used in a fictitious manner .
tr	NNS	There were streetlights instead of night torches and porch lights too .
tr	NN	The simplicity of the kiss both stunned and aroused her .
tr	NNS	The radiation levels in the tunnel would defy penetration for decades .
tr	NN	Its tail did not try to pull him up .
tr	NNS	The cameras had caught me before , when the Real Murders deaths had taken place .
tr	NN	The amber liquid gave a satisfying burn as it went down , and a happy warmth starting to tingle in my limbs .
tr	NN	" Maybe you ' l meet somebody new over the holidays . "
tr	NN	Dirt and gravel spewed in every direction .
tr	NN	" And no offense , but I 'm not really in the mood for your public displays of affection . "
tr	NNS	The hallways weren 't as dark as the bathroom .
tr	NNS	Looks like God has answered our prayers .
tr	NNS	Across the lake there were mansions on the height , new homes built by new money scant yards from the cliff and a hundred yard tumbling fall .
tr	NN	The pup followed behind her like a guard dog and growled back at him .
tr	NNS	Lots of my friends think you 're really pretty .
tr	NNS	The black and white marble tiles gleamed in the late sunlight .
tr	NN	The grad student stepped forward and set his lantern on the floor .
tr	NN	Since then , science has explained much of these phenomena , and the teaching of morality has become the duty of the parent .
tr	NNS	More rapid tapping on the keys followed by a noise and his eyebrows dipping under the rim of his glasses .
tr	NN	But not here , that old crone would beat me if she saw me talking to you .
tr	NN	" Of all the freaking nerve ! "
tr	NN	Around them , a roar went up and finally , finally , the McDonalds decided they had something to celebrate .
tr	NN	Your master , Mr Dashwood , gave me a list of what was missing , including these things . '
tr	NNS	But the dwarves only started to sing : " Chip the glasses and crack the plates !
tr	NNS	Little pin pricks dotted my skin up and down my arms and back and chest and spine .
tr	NN	There was another cough from the pile of newspapers down the road .
tr	NNS	Their quarters were reasonably accessible .
tr	NNS	Things are so different here compared to back home . "
tr	NNS	The next three interviews were basically the same : one qualifying , one rejection , and one needing more tests .
tr	NN	" Heroes are all young and beautiful " , the inspector repeated to himself .
tr	NN	Her latest release , Jumping Ship , is a dedication to her country of birth and an introductory novella to the Island Hopping Series .
tr	NNS	Things that no one else can understand . "
tr	NNS	The skilled lighting and sound technicians enhanced Wesley 's stage charisma , spotlights changed in colour and intensity as did the subtle backing tracks .
tr	NNS	Names , places , characters , and events are fictitious in every regard .
tr	NN	The rider jerked it away , but it was far too late .
tr	NN	The rumbling stopped and a final stalactite fell somewhere on the other side of the room .
tr	NNS	Danica fans herself with her hands .
tr	NN	I ' l go make sure that freshman 's okay once I 'm done eating . "
tr	NN	As long as the nausea stayed down .
tr	NNS	Alexis turned around quickly , but no one was there .
tr	NNS	" Adam , there are security cameras here . "
tr	NN	A snort and a low growl resonated above my head and I looked up just in time to see the bird thing descending down over me .
tr	NN	The writing 's too small to start with , then there 's all those sub sections .
tr	NN	The celebration continued , but I broke off from the group and said that I wasn 't feeling too well .
tr	NNS	A million worries and scenarios flash through your mind .
tr	NN	In spite of his hurt the dwarf would not stay behind .
tr	NN	This anonymity , this freedom , is something new for me .
tr	NNS	Quarantine centers are no longer effective .
tr	NN	Would beating his brother again , for a throne no less , explain everything that had happened between them ?
tr	NN	A plastic tarp , stolen from the highway department , capped the works .
tr	NNS	Others are waiting . "
tr	NNS	What are the chances the link will hold ? "
tr	NN	Now , only the outline of the foundation was evident , while new grass attempted to consume the imprints .
tr	NN	His secretary straightened out her desk in a fidgety kind of way .
tr	NNS	There were openings for doors and windows and rafters across the top to fix thatch to .
tr	NN	The endearment had her heart flipping over in her chest .
tr	NNS	The headaches diminished but never completely disappeared .
tr	NN	There was an archway into the front of the house , but a door that she hoped was the pantry to the side .
tr	NNS	The rats do not know the warrior has arrived .
tr	NN	Then the captain smiled and grabbed Bishop and hugged him .
tr	NN	The goal of the Academy was to train children discipline , and make sure they got a top-notch education and leadership skills .
tr	NNS	The clients of my family 's firm . "
tr	NN	My gown falls around me like a deflated accordion .
tr	NNS	The motorcycles in the garage were more practical and every day , but they were still some of the better models available .
tr	NN	The puncture wound from Soul stabbing her .
tr	NNS	The recent emptiness in her chest now filled with something warm and tender .
tr	NN	A sexy chuckle rumbled in his chest .
tr	NNS	Two suits entered the terminal from the same passage he 'd just negotiated .
tr	NNS	The Italian customs guards believed themselves obliged to notify the American Military Police to come look at the U.S. travel authorization documents , which took time .
tr	NNS	For clever creatures , the rats could be amazingly stupid at times .
tr	NN	There were a ton of people already there .
tr	NN	The very stones shone , as if each one held a fire within .
tr	NNS	Glory loved her job , couldn 't ask for anything more fulfilling on a personal or professional level .
tr	NNS	Maks fired again on the other side and hoped no one noticed the body jerk , but everyone seemed consumed with the surrounding carnage .
tr	NNS	My heart races and I know that that thing is behind me !
tr	NN	The narrow lane that leads up to Aunt Izzy 's is one I remember with total clarity .
tr	NNS	The leaders were three brothers living in a small farm near Vera Cruz .
tr	NN	" That won 't be necessary , " the priest said quickly .
tr	NNS	" The hounds are at the front door . "
tr	NN	" And your eyes also , " the captain added .
tr	NN	Their apparent leader , a burly older man , threw away his cigarette and sauntered toward her .
tr	NN	My uncle had to take him out of the church because he was getting loud .
tr	NNS	Just then , the gates raised open , seeming to almost obey Max 's command .
tr	NN	The shrieking continued , unabated , until Mac reached the top floor , dodged into the room from whence it issued , and slammed the door .
tr	NN	All his concentration went into keeping his eyes trained on her face and not on her luscious body .
tr	NNS	Bob and Jan Dove are also with us .
tr	NNS	" What are your demands ?
tr	NN	If I worked fast enough , adrenaline put up a wall between me and my throbbing headache .
tr	NNS	Shouts rise up from the left side of the room , and I see blurs of fists pressing into the dark air .
tr	NN	If it does not , then ... well , her reputation may suffer and her honour ... " " Honour ? "
tr	NNS	Images of his wife and children suddenly retrieved from his memory , flash in his mind .
tr	NN	The chanting started again .
tr	NN	A few seconds later , the camp leader , wearing a big night shirt , opened the door .
tr	NN	As an example to prove my point , his concept of foreplay amounts to little more than , ' in the pickup Bitch ' . "
tr	NN	Horrified disgust washed over their faces .
tr	NNS	Things had been going so great with Lydia .
tr	NNS	His eyelids cracked open .
tr	NNS	As soon as he was gone the creatures began to assault my exposed back .
tr	NNS	" The one Casey lives with ? "
tr	NNS	Images of winged and tailed creatures battling amongst the clouds invade my dreams .
tr	NNS	His companions picked up the meaning of the tear , and especially the smile that went with it .
tr	NN	The velvet of his coat was soft beneath her touch , reminding her that he was completely clothed while she was completely bare .
tr	NN	Her singular goal was to take Amy in her arms and never let go .
tr	NNS	III Lights raced across the window .
tr	NNS	Plans were in short supply at the moment , beyond saving to finance a private detective , but already the renewed strength fueled determination .
tr	NNS	" Well , the shots are free , then .
tr	NN	The lifeboat stood off the Seahouses harbour entrance , whilst the Belinda berthed in an empty space on the quay .
tr	NN	At the sound of its name the raven croaked again and flew across to Brown .
tr	NN	My uncle would be very proud . "
tr	NN	The ranch was big enough that you could get lost if you didn 't know where you were going .
tr	NNS	The cabinets were white and the walls were Kelly green , making the room feel happy and alive .
tr	NN	The umbrella was a trap .
tr	NN	The majority of her pain had subsided and she could feel her strength returning .
tr	NNS	Overhead screens were listing pending departures to Nagoya and Aichi .
tr	NN	The tie , he stuffed into his pocket .
tr	NN	The Race and a Change of Pace " You can do better than that !
tr	NNS	Only three visitors have come here in the past week .
tr	NNS	" Maybe because those changes aren 't for the better . "
tr	NN	His own orgasm was coiling at the base of his spine , heat shooting through his veins .
tr	NNS	" Surely there are other travelers you can accost . "
tr	NN	Love stretched his long legs in front of him and they disappeared underneath the table and out the other end .
tr	NNS	The planes of his face were like cool stone .
tr	NN	" Perhaps international intrigue has its uses , after all . "
tr	NNS	Agents are anonymous even in death .
tr	NN	She looked down at the object in her hand and the shock of recognition forced her to grip the railing for support .
tr	NN	The healer looked up sharply , studying Lady Aquitaine for a brief second , before nodding to her and returning to his work .
tr	NNS	Things tend to work out for the best when you do . "
tr	NN	Even a skilled swimmer like Kali would not survive .
tr	NNS	The old ' Stars and Stripes ' flew next to it .
tr	NNS	Maybe even His Highness , if you were charming enough . "
tr	NNS	Alongside him , sixty members of the EIF would now forge their marks in space .
tr	NNS	His thrusts slowed down to an unbearably slow pace .
tr	NNS	Alexis took a deep breath before entering .
tr	NN	The other agent , a were , walked up and motioned for her and Chase to follow .
tr	NN	The archer released his arrow .
tr	NNS	" So there are no signs that he 's evil ? "
tr	NN	Great , his sympathy was drying up fast .
tr	NN	There 's a war brewing , and I 've neglected my duties long enough . "
tr	NN	But beneath the fury , Ion felt the meanest trickle of fear , when he remembered his ancient hatred .
tr	NNS	His siblings had accused him of being a control freak and always looking over their shoulders more than once .
tr	NNS	Alexis asks as she attempts to hide the blade in the folds of her white dress .
tr	NN	Behind Augustine , an elegant silver Porsche sat in a parking spot , all alone .
tr	NN	Why does cancer overtake the innocent so young ?
tr	NNS	Questions buzzed through her mind .
tr	NNS	There were random shouts , insults hurled toward the other village , men raising their rifles as if ready to shoot into the air .
tr	NN	The fairy godmother thanked the bears and the frog and turned the little girl into a wasp .
tr	NNS	Reyes took a step closer to her .
tr	NN	Part of her wanted to be angry that he had not told her .
tr	NN	" Maybe we should leave it alone , " Link suggested .
tr	NNS	" Flowers have a language of their own .
tr	NNS	The depressed expressions around him obviously made Falconer feel the picture was too dark .
tr	NNS	Others crowded around the entry point .
tr	NN	His gaze was possessive , admiring , everything Saber could ever have wanted to see .
tr	NNS	Things are happening in the world you know . "
tr	NN	A scowl pulled at my lips .
tr	NN	Five minutes later , I 'm dressed in black jeans and black hoodie , iron propped all over my body .
tr	NN	said every adult save Americus , who had stopped in his searching and said , " Yes . "
tr	NN	The cart lurched as the wheels turned , and they moved off , although in what direction , Neil couldn 't tell .
tr	NN	I didn , t believe you when you told me this before , about being shot .
tr	NN	" Hey , " the rogue called , walking up to me .
tr	NNS	My blades slice through it , severing head from trunk .
tr	NN	Ahead , the prey approaches others .
tr	NNS	Two dead Reapers lay at his feet .
tr	NNS	Starbucks and I glance at each other .
tr	NNS	Several scenes of balls driven into the mouth of a huge purple shark .
tr	NNS	Alexis locked up the office door and headed to her room .
tr	NN	Each T-shirt and pair of shoes summoned memories of hikes and recess games at school .
tr	NN	This thug isn 't going to be impressed with the fact he 's a surgeon and he knows people !
tr	NNS	The torches mounted to the wall flickered , illuminating his dark , empty eyes .
tr	NNS	The hills rose and fell like empires , offering moments of downhill leisure until yet another steep climb approached .
tr	NNS	My pets can find them . "
tr	NN	The knight glanced thoughtfully at the lady who shyly dropped her gaze when his met hers .
tr	NNS	Their magic drained out in a flurry of wild sparks , the items reduced to scraps .
tr	NNS	Questions for which I might have to Look to find answers .
tr	NNS	Unseen to him , their pursuers followed .
tr	NNS	Two strong clients are enough to start out making reasonable money .
tr	NNS	The one Casey lives with ? "
tr	NNS	The large letters ' Max Packaging Co. ' were in black , on both sides of the building .
tr	NNS	Muscles rippled beneath warm gold skin , and his ice-cold eyes were bleak and dark , holding too many secrets .
tr	NNS	The planes left dirty and came back clean .
tr	NN	The music video had millions of hits on Youtube alone , not to mention the people who did parodies or their own flash mobs to it .
tr	NNS	All lights , monitors and holographic displays suddenly flickered ... and went out .
tr	NN	A huge tray of veggies and dip sat on the counter , along with another tray full of cookies .
tr	NNS	Of course the risks would be worse returning , but there was time to worry about that later .
tr	NNS	At the foot of the wall cliffs dropped away on three sides .
tr	NNS	Seamus let out a roar to rival a wild beast and began to shake to and fro .
tr	NN	However , an aggressive scowl trumped any potential friendliness his appearance might have produced .
tr	NN	" And that beeping was my calendar reminder .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared and he dropped his hands from her shoulders .
tr	NNS	Aria 's footsteps stopped .
tr	NNS	" First fights are always the hardest .
tr	NN	The second option was a possibility .
tr	NN	Does vodka leave a stain ?
tr	NN	" A sergeant was wearing it , and he had the key .
tr	NNS	Things had to go well for the FBI .
tr	NN	A pirate captain also stood with them , though he didn 't appear particularly friendly to his fellow delegates .
tr	NN	" The sheriff should be real comfortable .
tr	NN	The agony choked the man 's screams , his hands trembling as they clutched his head .
tr	NN	The footman had a gun in each hand , the right one smoking .
tr	NNS	There were no burns .
tr	NNS	' The hounds worked well . '
tr	NN	The agent shrugged and allowed Hank to show him out .
tr	NNS	Specialty shops , restaurants and art galleries popped up everywhere .
tr	NNS	Red spots had begun to burn on Sophie 's cheeks .
tr	NNS	His pupils expanded , turning his blue eyes almost totally black .
tr	NN	The mechanism operating this sluice was not yet complete -- a part for the mechanism had been delayed -- so the sluice remained closed .
tr	NN	" A werewolf bit you . "
tr	NN	The notion of intelligent and cunning leaders among them makes the case even stronger . "
tr	NNS	The caps of the incoming waves could play tricks on the eyes .
tr	NN	A large poster of Alana paddling her board and another of her dropping down the face of a huge wave hung above the surfboard desk .
tr	NN	" Ok , ok , I got a story for you .
tr	NNS	The temperatures hadn 't yet heated the air to an uncomfortable degree , and a slight breeze was rolling in off of the lake .
tr	NNS	Aris nodded , but Thomas rolled his eyes .
tr	NNS	" The hostages , " he said , and smiled again , slightly .
tr	NNS	Things could have gone a lot worse on the island . "
tr	NN	" Will kosher turkey bacon work for you ?
tr	NNS	Then there was the lies .
tr	NN	" There is no greater honor than that .
tr	NN	If I were walking your path , my goal would not be to gain the Word .
tr	NNS	All materials including photos , illustrations , diagrams and character names are subject to copyright .
tr	NNS	All sails were down except for the small storm sail .
tr	NN	The shampoo and soap smelled so good .
tr	NN	That ... stuff real y helped . "
tr	NN	He wanted to stay kissing her forever , the fragrance of the flowers she loved wrapping around them .
tr	NNS	The images of snakes and gargoyles were off-putting enough to make Myles wish he 'd been able to run the license plate .
tr	NNS	Her talons were as sharp as ever .
tr	NN	Her cultural download provided her with much information , but there were omissions .
tr	NN	His subconscious attracted his attention and revealed what it had been working out .
tr	NNS	And besides , there 's probably tests an ' stuff that knights have to go through , and I 'd never be able to do that . "
tr	NNS	Sinead 's sister Siobhan exits , along with Lee , one of the regular guards stationed on the roof .
tr	NN	One batch was slightly darker than the other .
tr	NNS	The species must survive , after all .
tr	NNS	One small Bee stepped into the circle .
tr	NNS	Salmon runs had diminished and the timber industry had been hit hard .
tr	NN	A gleam of some secret inner amusement danced into the dark eyes , and again his mouth moved into a sensual little quirk .
tr	NNS	Alcohol fumes rushed to greet her just as the bottle fell out of the man 's hand to bounce off of her foot .
tr	NNS	Although his eyes caressed her from across the room as the family sang carols around the piano , the kisses and hugs stopped .
tr	NN	The author of these emails is powerful and a force to be reckoned with .
tr	NN	His accent was like Dean 's , magnified .
tr	NNS	Things were getting worse for me , with the ghosts and with my own family .
tr	NN	A tawny owl stared back from the boy 's shoulder .
tr	NN	" The quake 's happening again ! "
tr	NN	The angel was trying to take you .
tr	NNS	Her father 's relatives were unknown to her .
tr	NNS	Failed paintings stood here and there .
tr	NNS	The dry bits floated there , making small ripples on the supposedly solid surface .
tr	NNS	Others looked more skeptical .
tr	NN	The sheriff stood behind the grandmother and pointed his pistol at the back of her head .
tr	NN	The student lectures , exams and , of course , parties passed in the blinking of an eye .
tr	NN	The legendary Carpathian met sword with sword , parrying away the blow so that Gabriel and Francesca were unharmed .
tr	NN	The government is about to pass a law banning stories about suicide from the news networks .
tr	NN	Laughter and conversation rose on all sides as the women joined their men .
tr	NNS	All the ladies at the market chipped their time in for free when they heard about what I was going to do for the both of you .
tr	NN	How 's the kiddo ? "
tr	NNS	Their footsteps echo down the street , mingling with grunts of pain .
tr	NNS	Romulus took off running across the grassy lawn of the deserted park .
tr	NN	" So be it , " the jeweler answered in the same tone .
tr	NN	The valet pulled up in her car .
tr	NNS	The Native Americans used the Shaman as a medicine man , but he 's much more than that .
tr	NNS	Marius coughed loudly and appeared around the side of the car .
tr	NNS	Barnabas commanded from the trail leading to his carriage , " Your mother is coming with me to fulfill her end of our bargain . "
tr	NNS	The trousers were loose enough not to pinch or chafe , and the tunic allowed him to move his arms freely .
tr	NN	If anything , the white-hot hatred for the people group was at an all-time high .
tr	NN	As she searched , another smaller outline appeared .
tr	NN	The tiny trio of dogs sniffed at Daisy 's ankles .
tr	NNS	Chills ran races up and down his spine .
tr	NN	The investigator you apprenticed under .
tr	NNS	Enormous crystal chandeliers cast light that glittered off priceless jewels and glossy , perfectly coiffed locks .
tr	NN	The horrible crash flooded back onto my memories , being in the car felt like I was reliving it again .
tr	NN	Still , there was a certain subtlety of expression that Earth models lacked ' .
tr	NN	The morning dew glistened against his hair , making it shimmer like sweet chocolate .
tr	NNS	His library banks contained full data on sexuality .
tr	NNS	Their deflated expressions brought me a special kind of joy .
tr	NNS	All fifteen Council members instantly appeared around the statue , eagerness shining in their vibrant eyes .
tr	NN	The Empire had survived the early centuries when whole sections of the Galaxy would now and then refuse to accept the end of their local independence .
tr	NN	" Any damage to the premises , I 'll cover it . "
tr	NN	One agent , looking at the incoming stream of text messages , says , " They found a cell phone jammer and disabled it .
tr	NNS	Besides , the slaps didn 't hurt all that much .
tr	NNS	Even now her movements had the elegance that went with her natural aptitude for sport , but since Caroline 's birth little else had remained unchanged .
tr	NN	But the design almost didn 't matter .
tr	NN	The roar was wordless , but several of the guards could be seen whistling and applauding .
tr	NN	To my dread , the teacher turned her attention back to me .
tr	NN	Caroline wandered up behind the crowd , thankful the dusk could hide her sulk as she absently searched the faces of the crowd .
tr	NNS	My instincts rarely proved wrong .
tr	NNS	No trains passed during his watch and he had come to the conclusion that managing the traffic was child 's play .
tr	NNS	The butterflies start flying again , hard and fast , in my stomach .
tr	NN	In desperation the sliver thrust out a spear of malevolence into its nearest thrall .
tr	NN	The doon 's evil chuckle made Echo sick .
tr	NN	His Texas drawl , coupled with his one dimpled smile , made her want to melt into the floor .
tr	NN	A young widow , Anne Marie had adopted the girl after volunteering at a local grade school .
tr	NNS	' The Council members would like to consult with the nobles under their command . '
tr	NNS	Upstairs might lead to light and a way out .
tr	NN	Almost every exposed inch had a shallow cut or bruise .
tr	NNS	Our kisses were slow and the hunger that I had for him was only growing .
tr	NNS	The thousands of people paying tribute , presenting gifts to you personally , and filling our brothels and taverns , will help fill the coffers , too .
tr	NNS	But the ghosts don 't answer unless they want to , unless they have a reason of their own .
tr	NN	The bastard didn 't just have his hands all over Mia , but his mouth was on her too .
tr	NN	In the darkness and rain , visibility was next to nothing .
tr	NNS	' Things are getting tougher out there , and the firm aren 't becoming famous for showing much loyalty around the place just lately .
tr	NNS	By the time I get back to Dubai , chances are good the police will have some news for me .
tr	NN	Chance didn 't even feel the icy touch of the snow around him .
tr	NNS	The accommodations included in George 's prize were at a new boutique hotel .
tr	NNS	The red and black materials spilled and the burner fell onto them .
tr	NN	The Black Death was like a common cold season in comparison to this .
tr	NNS	But ... then where were the wolves ?
tr	NN	For the first time , I could imagine a quiet life with Fade , a little cottage like Momma Oaks had shared with Edmund in Salvation .
tr	NN	Part of it is because you are , simply put , really great at what you do . .
tr	NN	The tech then re zipped the door , which was now inside of their position , and Zack unzipped the door in front of him .
tr	NN	The goddess nor the gods do anything for us in Celestia anymore , ' Dryad interrupted .
tr	NNS	Tiny creatures take off from a shrub and go to hide in long grass .
tr	NNS	Questions pop into my head , but I hardly know where to start .
tr	NN	I swallowed , hunger of a different sort making my fangs lengthen .
tr	NN	Although intellectually it was a concept simple to grasp , the sheer bravado of it struck Ambrose hard .
tr	NN	Her garage was behind it ; then there were two more houses stuck back there on the left .
tr	NN	My momma had taught me better than that .
tr	NN	The ramp would collapse as I drove away , and the rocks might damage the wheels or undercarriage .
tr	NN	Mrs. Dawson 's heart leapt and Helen let go of her hands to circle protective arms around her .
tr	NNS	The cousins seemed to have changed places ; now it was Levi 's turn to lighten the mood .
tr	NNS	The wolves weren 't budging , and my circulation was draining out from my fingertips .
tr	NNS	Things quieted down when the social hour was over , guests either going out to sit on the front porch or going back to their rooms .
tr	NN	The bullet had gone into his thigh , just above the knee .
tr	NN	My knitting increased in speed , keeping pace with my outrage .
tr	NN	As I have always thought , the legend goes beyond what we knew of it .
tr	NN	Within seconds , the roar of the television reached her ears ; the rage built up inside of him now released .
tr	NN	Your fame precedes you . "
tr	NN	The top extension had windows , so that was obviously the command deck .
tr	NN	There was a scraping click and a sudden bright spark .
tr	NN	My h * ps bucked , relishing the feel of coming so she could see it .
tr	NNS	The werewolves shook the offered hand and introduced themselves as Agents Renfro and Delgado .
tr	NN	The little parade didn 't last long , but everyone loved it .
tr	NNS	The same pupils she saw when she looked in the mirror every morning .
tr	NNS	The distant cliffs reached the horizon , where a chemical factory with two metal chimneys tirelessly raced fat swirling worms of smoke into the sky .
tr	NNS	Gun shots rang out and she flinched as the windshield of her car shattered .
tr	NN	" After the 911 operator told you not to give chase . "
tr	NN	Another bullet pinged next to Diego 's shoulder .
tr	NNS	All the captives had left and there were no remaining people except for me .
tr	NN	The harsh mesh dulled it quickly .
tr	NNS	White cabinets and black granite counter tops .
tr	NN	Thinking of it made Elaina snort -- as if he had any choice !
tr	NN	While Viktor lived , my lord was quite well-positioned .
tr	NN	Hot thick liquid pours down my back , across my lips , and onto my cleft chin .
tr	NNS	" There are consequences .
tr	NN	Erik 's wording was careful .
tr	NNS	The gorillas might be only a few feet away , concealed in the dense foliage , and they wouldn 't know it until it was too late .
tr	NN	My insanity raged against reality .
tr	NN	His birthday was the following weekend .
tr	NNS	She stalked down the hallway , her footsteps hushed due to her nimble step and the thick rug beneath her sneakers .
tr	NNS	All the ladies in the room shared a collective look at my expense .
tr	NN	You 're no threat to me , his posture said .
tr	NN	The front yard was several acres long .
tr	NN	A glint burned in her blue eyes .
tr	NN	The island hunter sturdily limped his way through the ravine following his muscular cousin .
tr	NN	The amethyst pendant shattered .
tr	NN	The feather was running up and down my spine .
tr	NNS	There were surveillance cameras on poles everywhere .
tr	NNS	The twins were standing to either side of Kevin , dressed identically but easily distinguishable by the looks on their faces .
tr	NNS	The headaches are making it hard for me to concentrate .
tr	NNS	The authorities were already on their way .
tr	NN	There is a niche for this sort of appliance .
tr	NN	The mayor strode over to me in two swift , determined steps and picked me up by my throat .
tr	NNS	Their life force mechanisms don 't demonstrate the manifestation of spirit that would be expected .
tr	NNS	The lies of Melkor thou shalt unlearn in bitterness .
tr	NN	Love recalled the hostility and rejection Jill had said Heinrich had shown towards her .
tr	NN	But my partner is right on at least one point . "
tr	NNS	Even the team leaders were settling down .
tr	NNS	Thoughts began to race in my mind .
tr	NN	By the time we got to check out , the cart was overflowing .
tr	NN	Maybe his stupid snake ate him .
tr	NN	The werewolf put her back on her feet .
tr	NN	A breaking dawn pierces through the blinds .
tr	NNS	Letting go of their strings to drop to the floor , the puppets surrounded and trapped the two terrified thieves against the door .
tr	NN	One bullet hit a white wolf in the flank .
tr	NN	With a flounce of her skirts , the maid disappeared .
tr	NNS	At once , strings resonated through the small space .
tr	NNS	Moses pulled out the fold-down seat from the bulkhead by his bed and sat down .
tr	NNS	Things were clearer than they had been since she arrived on the alien world , clearer than they had in months .
tr	NNS	Things had happened quite fast after that , and another reason for the speed was that the mine was shut .
tr	NN	And if so , then how did the shooter fit into the scenario ?
tr	NN	Behind them a computer terminal sitting on a large oak desk flickers .
tr	NN	The sailing was now more difficult , for they needed to tack back and forth into the wind .
tr	NNS	His bars rattled , slid open .
tr	NNS	" Business associates , " Wesley said grimly .
tr	NNS	The spirit roads are underground .
tr	NN	The transport resembled a bizarre form of a bus or helicopter fuselage .
tr	NN	The mischievous twinkle in his eye made butterflies swarm my tummy .
tr	NN	The master was fussy with preparations .
tr	NN	His husky drawl drifted over her , bringing her body alive with the images his request invoked .
tr	NN	And a keg party .
tr	NN	The leader snapped his fingers .
tr	NN	The boot slammed and the driver returned .
tr	NNS	The Tanks would try to pursue him , but with his lead , hopefully they would never catch up .
tr	NN	The ape let out a roar and Lord stood perfectly still .
tr	NNS	With the son and brother of the Iron Queen , the courts will not dare strike against us . "
tr	NNS	Something momentous was happening and she had a strange desire to watch it unfold .
tr	NNS	And yet , at the same time , his gentle caresses were incredibly soothing .
tr	NNS	His suggested targets were dangerous people that had escaped punishment .
tr	NNS	Cautiously the pirates began to stand up too , and slowly they emerged from the undergrowth and the trees .
tr	NN	The hatred flattened me at once as if a boulder had tumbled off a cliff , crushing me to the earth .
tr	NN	His T-shirt is streaked with it too .
tr	NN	" Your glamour , you mean . "
tr	NN	" Drastic , " the supervisor said .
tr	NNS	If the enemy breaches that wall , the defenders fall back to the next barrier . "
tr	NNS	Helena 's hopes fell .
tr	NN	There 's the click of the front door opening and I 'm suddenly terrified of what will happen when Lucy sees my father .
tr	NN	The mayor , however , needed to be loved .
tr	NNS	If she had , perhaps chances were high that she would have held an entirely different opinion about it and everything else in her life .
tr	NNS	Small puffs of dust rose around the hooves of the dappled gray stallion fidgeting beneath him .
tr	NNS	How many letters are in the Establishment alphabet ?
tr	NNS	The nuns closed the outer door , locked it with the two beams and lowered the portcullis behind it .
tr	NNS	Within seconds , the gorillas had breached the perimeter and trampled the mesh fence into the mud .
tr	NNS	As he walked down the long hall , his sandals made a soft clapping sound against the tile floor .
tr	NNS	Belonging to neither group , the dancers flexed and stretched into impossible positions .
tr	NN	After he consulted with his father , this passion inspired his interest in a zoology major on the way to his dental degree .
tr	NNS	Other hobbies of Amber 's include : drawing , baking , arts and crafts , motorcycles , hockey and archery .
tr	NNS	Words would be trite , and he wasn 't really with her right now .
tr	NN	A trickle of blood escaped the corner of her mouth .
tr	NN	The ambassador was too busy giving Macey a hug and asking me , " And who are your friends ? "
tr	NNS	The teachers all assumed now that if I didn 't show to class , I was just having another breakdown .
tr	NNS	The visitors whispered and murmured in awe .
tr	NNS	There were three hundred sixteen items on the agenda .
tr	NNS	Those banks generally don 't carry as much cash , but they usually don 't have as many security guards , either . "
tr	NNS	There was a certain stiffness to the lad that spoke of fear , pride and courage all mixed in together as he stood protectively by his sister .
tr	NN	The goon caught in the door fell to the ground like a sack of potatoes .
tr	NNS	Immediately , images of Celestino 's ritual invaded her mind .
tr	NN	She opened her eyes , those magnificent green angel eyes that both cut him and soothed him .
tr	NN	Even chaos can form a pattern . "
tr	NN	The blue aura is the same as it 's been all day .
tr	NN	Each tender stroke of his hands over her shoulders nudged aside the emotional boundaries she 'd tried to put in place with him .
tr	NNS	" Things changed in that moment , and I had a strange feeling that the boy could be my brother .
tr	NN	The angel said she 'd gift some of us with the power to defeat the evil . "
tr	NN	" Our motto is ' We build for posterity . ' "
tr	NN	The new captain had remained behind the wheel while two crewmen walked to the bow .
tr	NNS	And the two figures stop .
tr	NNS	Flames erupted with a pop and everyone fell immediately silent .
tr	NNS	And so , like the reflections in two mirrors facing each other , the possibilities continued into infinity .
tr	NN	The whispering had stopped and what has caused such a furore two days ago was now old , forgotten news .
tr	NN	Lena 's posture improved as she spoke .
tr	NNS	" On Earth , the hills would get smaller and smaller before they met prairie . "
tr	NN	When I got back , Chance had given up on resuscitation .
tr	NN	The captain looked surprised .
tr	NN	The blunt tip of a stick emerged from the corner of the house and prodded the dim light .
tr	NNS	In that letter the newspapers mentioned that he wrote from Vietnam . "
tr	NNS	" What are the meetings for ? "
tr	NNS	Seriously , those tunnels were awesome !
tr	NN	Black John didn 't hide them , the original coven did .
tr	NNS	There were six square tunnels , and Manuel entered the closest one .
tr	NNS	The negotiations involve several meetings with tribal , government , and Terrorist leaders .
tr	NN	Jess 's yard was very large , about an acre before it blended into the woods .
tr	NNS	Dark blood leaks from the corners of her mouth as she struggles to communicate her final thoughts .
tr	NNS	His instincts had gone into overdrive and he 'd found himself racing to her building .
tr	NNS	Doors opened along the hallway and residents poked their heads out .
tr	NN	The car 's leap pushed us against the seat back .
tr	NNS	Small crackles of lightning danced across its razor-sharp edges .
tr	NN	The dragon moved away and Dagmar stumbled , almost falling .
tr	NN	The coarse rope grated at his neck .
tr	NN	His uncle owns a Mercedes car dealership and he 's in charge of running it .
tr	NNS	Tris laughs , harshly .
tr	NN	There was some rustling in the bushes across from them .
tr	NN	But such a settlement left only nine thousand dollars for the client after JCC lopped his one-third off the top .
tr	NNS	A few shots were of Claire 's feet , others of her hands , still others of her eyes and ears and nose .
tr	NN	The veil of secrecy clouded the booth like a drape , and he was trying to sweep the curtains open .
tr	NNS	But the ancestors weren 't giving up that easily .
tr	NNS	Without objection , without complaint , the visitors filed out .
tr	NN	Mia 's introduction didn 't tell Emily which was which .
tr	NNS	There were also bits of tiled roof that remained intact .
tr	NN	Unexpectedly , a terrible shriek emanated from a distance around the corner .
tr	NN	The valet pulled the car up and my parents helped me into the backseat of their rental car .
tr	NN	Therefore , there was a bullet missing .
tr	NNS	And the twins kneeling quite still together , in the dust .
tr	NNS	Hendricks rubbed his hands together as if he believed every word , but Allie had to grit her teeth to stop from calling Beth Ann a liar .
tr	NN	Her goal had been to extricate herself from Marshall .
tr	NNS	Yeah , family dinners were the best .
tr	NNS	Nearly all the servants and men-at-arms in the palace are asleep as I make my way from my chamber to the courtyard .
tr	NN	Her specialty was surveillance , not undercover work .
tr	NNS	Animals are killing off our men ! "
tr	NNS	Girls out there , the things I had told Neo were very true .
tr	NN	The little cub suddenly squawked and shifted into human form , and Jasmine nearly fell from the canopy .
tr	NN	In the bright spring sunlight , his dark hair shone and his eyes glittered .
tr	NNS	And there is some new bits thrown in the mix .
tr	NN	Terror seized him at the thought of Nadia out there on the water alone - No .
tr	NNS	Looks like he found it in spades here .
tr	NNS	The Prince 's kisses , in the beginning , were full of passion yet still tender .
tr	NNS	Others are staring at me , at my face .
tr	NN	An archer speaks up , " I got her .
tr	NNS	To his right , the ruins of a prewar U. S. Post Office substation .
tr	NNS	" There are dress rehearsals for all of those eight days !
tr	NNS	Flames sprayed from the tips of his claws , creating a circle of fire around the two of them .
tr	NN	The other deputy had come in earlier to make coffee shortly after Brian first left his guest room .
tr	NNS	Others began to reload on snowballs , making sure to create them from patches where the snow mixed with gravel .
tr	NN	This time VIN noted that department heads from many of the hangars were included .
tr	NN	Part of her wanted to follow that trail of thought , but prudence and worry won out .
tr	NNS	The goblins now had their army completely surrounded .
tr	NN	Chance asked from behind me .
tr	NNS	As far as she knew , only a few members of the Business Association had keys to the Liaison 's Office .
tr	NN	My grandmother made a quilt for me just like this .
tr	NNS	Your strangeness comes from another source . "
tr	NN	Author 's Note I hope you found the story interesting .
tr	NN	" No offense , but that 's pretty obvious . "
tr	NNS	As it was , Mr. and Mrs. Potts stood , their jaws dropped , and turned to share a confused look .
tr	NN	The consultant merely raised an eyebrow .
tr	NN	A tremor rolled down the length of Aly 's body , and silent tears dripped unchecked down her face .
tr	NN	Nausea washed over me .
tr	NN	A trickle of fear crawled between my shoulder blades .
tr	NNS	Even with Rebecca , the few remaining attendants were fast to service her needs .
tr	NN	The accent had been totally different , that was certain , with a sort of fake heartiness that he 'd been able to tell the locals despised .
tr	NN	Is this the new design for the cave ? "
tr	NN	The dragon sprung to his feet .
tr	NNS	The strands of its magic began to snap as it struggled to hold back Lady Adriana and the dark magic dragons .
tr	NNS	" Cute ghosts aren 't scary .
tr	NNS	Girls can handle themselves .
tr	NN	The pilot knew of him .
tr	NNS	Not that kitchens were very different , but the setup had an unique look and feel .
tr	NNS	Nicodemus pressed the knife a bit harder , but my mouth was on autopilot .
tr	NN	Evolution 's darling , aren 't we ? "
tr	NNS	" Continue repairs " the control unit said .
tr	NN	" The crown jewels of Ireland . "
tr	NNS	( offers her a chair ) Get yourself off the floor .
tr	NN	The gentleman at Customs glanced at his passport and waved him through .
tr	NN	Our two bodies align and I ease myself into position , and then I nudge her soft , hot womanhood .
tr	NNS	" Some visitors at last .
tr	NN	So while others were put to death , the Nazi fleet commander escaped with barely a slap on the hand .
tr	NNS	The opening credits faded to host John Andre , standing by an alleyway .
tr	NN	That other Abigail was lethal .
tr	NN	' Before he settled down for the night , this dumb ox went to the lavatory .
tr	NN	The dress was rolled and put in her bag , the wig shoved in it as deeply as possibly .
tr	NN	The van pulled up next to the plane .
tr	NNS	Bakes cookies , knits afghans , and lets me hang out past curfew with lovely ladies such as yourself .
tr	NN	" But this consciousness factor isn 't a completely random thing .
tr	NNS	The two shrinks were leading the way .
tr	NNS	The mountain roads are dangerous and David is concerned , not so much for his safety , but for the success of the mission .
tr	NN	His pulse pounded in his ears .
tr	NN	Every nerve ending in me was tingling in anticipation .
tr	NNS	Dragons believed that their true mate waited " out there " for them .
tr	NN	The kills were clean and quick .
tr	NN	The round Moon rolled behind the hill , as the Sun raised up her head .
tr	NN	Just carving pumpkins . "
tr	NN	The asset is family .
tr	NNS	The power dynamics at work here are a pretty big issue whether you want to admit it or not . "
tr	NNS	Its contents burst out like the entrails of a slaughtered animal as it lay on its side in a cloud of dust and dirt .
tr	NNS	Things might get easier once we can plant again , but until then we 're as dependent as everyone else on what we can scavenge . "
tr	NNS	" And just why are those outsiders here ? "
tr	NNS	The aliens had her .
tr	NN	" Not precisely , your Majesty , " the captain answered .
tr	NN	A man 's got ta do what a man 's got ta do , and all that .
tr	NN	His familiar warm accent filled my heart , but he did sound very tired .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids kept lowering , her chin sliding down .
tr	NN	A clearing stood beyond , in the middle of which lay a great mound of wood .
tr	NN	The speeding hulk of fiberglass nosed down into the wave , its forward speed submerging the boat from view .
tr	NNS	The old man 's cheerfulness was a pleasant surprise to the youth .
tr	NN	Then the mayor bluntly said , " follow me , " and turned to go .
tr	NNS	Our dinners arrived , mahi mahi in mango sauce for me and snapper with chilies for him .
tr	NNS	Wings is going East . "
tr	NN	And Ben 's guardian Angel , immediately reacted to Ben 's thoughts .
tr	NN	Her fur is like ice , that wet and that cold .
tr	NN	Slipping , falling , headfirst .
tr	NNS	Many travel facts had never heard anyone , already climbed on board , questioning the decision to leave .
tr	NNS	Aiden returned , his daggers sheathed for now .
tr	NNS	When the opportunity rises ... jump all over it ... with both feet . "
tr	NN	The spider snapped its whip to the right .
tr	NNS	My pale face was flushed , my pupils dilated .
tr	NN	Terror squeezed Simon 's urethra off instantly , as effective as a rubber band snapped into place .
tr	NNS	Her nostrils were the only thing holding on , all but releasing puffs of smoke like a bull with a matador in its sights .
tr	NNS	Reyes opened his eyes , awakened by a shaft of golden sunlight filtering through the cottage 's single window .
tr	NN	The dark purple bra went next .
tr	NNS	The tentacles released the mattress , the big pieces falling .
tr	NN	" With fury , " the commander answered , gesturing to the planet below .
tr	NNS	The bars disappeared into the rock floor with a soft swish .
tr	NNS	" Twenty pairs of leather boots ?
tr	NNS	The servants are cruel and mocking .
tr	NNS	Her cylinders are as clean as snow and her oil as sweet as the Ohio .
tr	NN	His resolve fueled his limbs , forcing them to move faster .
tr	NNS	" The winds 'll change soon ; then we can cover him . "
tr	NN	Had the bastard actually managed to call the Dark Lord ?
tr	NN	My orgasm was stronger , longer , than any kind of pleasure I 'd ever experienced and he drew it out to the edge of the abyss .
tr	NNS	Things were looking a little too convenient .
tr	NNS	" Your French is good but not that good .
tr	NNS	Sarah was drunk so James wanted to take her then , however , there were too many witnesses .
tr	NNS	" Edwardian poets and academics , however , are fair game .
tr	NN	" I knew when I last met you , I should have killed you , " the dragon spoke .
tr	NNS	Things went a little more quickly than you anticipated , but you should be proud of yourself . "
tr	NNS	Your readers in the first instance would be committees of the House of Commons , not the public .
tr	NN	The red firelight glinted in his auburn hair , and I could see he might have been attractive , even downright handsome , once .
tr	NN	The secretary released a long breath and just looked at Sheila .
tr	NN	The darts hadn 't left much of a hole , but the blood was going to be pretty noticeable against the pale gray material .
tr	NN	Strangely , no soil clung to the exposed tissue .
tr	NNS	Since the ancient times of 9500 BC , cats have ridden on ships , including sea and sky .
tr	NNS	The mech wolves moved back , and the robots began to disperse .
tr	NN	The dragon stopped moving , but he didn 't turn to face her .
tr	NNS	These suits made the previous suits we 'd worn look like complete junk .
tr	NN	The serenity of her surroundings only emphasized her roiling disquiet .
tr	NNS	So anyway , no worries about us getting kicked out of school for drinking alcohol at lunchtime .
tr	NN	The guilt had returned , and I felt bad immediately .
tr	NNS	' Things might go better for him now that he has archers who know which end of an arrow is which .
tr	NN	Believe it or not , that bastard of an officer is really my uncle .
tr	NN	The man-made chemical polonium leaks from the engines by tiny droplets .
tr	NNS	" There are supplies and weapons down there that we can take . "
tr	NN	On the other side of the viewing window , the Ancient let loose with another agonized howl .
tr	NNS	Others that carrying the pipeline overground would be easier to maintain and be less calamitous in the event of a breach .
tr	NN	The writing was as clean and crisp as the day it was written .
tr	NNS	At least , nothing Daphne couldn 't take care of with her healing magic until we could get back to the academy .
tr	NN	A siren blared in the distance , growing steadily louder as it approached .
tr	NNS	His thumbs were tracing patterns on my face , and it was hard to think or form coherent responses .
tr	NNS	Then the guild members pressed in closer , staring at the jewel like it was a miracle that could make their dreams come true .
tr	NNS	Things she found in him when their minds were merged .
tr	NNS	" Names are not important .
tr	NN	Football player don 't spend much time on ice . "
tr	NNS	After each of the cat 's hopeless attempts to catch the mouse , the toddlers giggled and laughed .
tr	NNS	Looks like she 's back here alone now . "
tr	NN	' The surgery had very little to do with it in the end .
tr	NNS	" How are your healing skills , Auntie ?
tr	NN	My mistress glows by candlelight .
tr	NNS	The ambitious young film directors and eager record executives with Armani suits all waving contracts rushed towards the mechanics yard .
tr	NNS	The warriors melted at his touch .
tr	NN	The bedchamber looked as if someone had ransacked the room .
tr	NN	The senator pulls out and signals us to follow .
tr	NN	Would his hunger for her lessen if he drank from her , or would it increase ?
tr	NNS	Several pairs of woolen stockings covered his feet , and his cane rested on the ground beside him .
tr	NN	The bay was the absence of light : pools of blackness .
tr	NN	" One lamp will be fine .
tr	NN	The sergeant laid a hand on his sword .
tr	NN	The dog promptly dropped to a sitting position , his tail still wagging furiously .
tr	NNS	Starbucks , let 's go , " the boy yells .
tr	NN	" My first loyalty is to the Coven .
tr	NN	The GPS unit reported he was slightly off course , and he corrected by pulling on the steering lines .
tr	NN	This new monstrosity shined in the moonlight with patches of metal mixing with its furry flesh .
tr	NN	This circumstance , added to her well-known integrity and dauntless courage , made me very desirous to engage her .
tr	NNS	The earliest histories were all there .
tr	NN	As he eyed the trees and adjusted his course , his boot caught in the undergrowth and he toppled , face first , into the snow .
tr	NNS	The trains that everyone had once thought were dead had now leapt back into life .
tr	NNS	There were no overhead light fixtures ; rays of sunlight poured in through tall windows along two adjacent sides of the room .
tr	NNS	His horns , sensitive to his emotions as they were , throbbed .
tr	NNS	On the way to the sofa the velvet petals caressed her cheek .
tr	NNS	The petals flew into an arrow formation and rushed at my head .
tr	NN	Above it , a strange looking pincushion doll dangled from a string .
tr	NN	This young commander had not yet earned the respect of the rest of the Wardens , but in this he felt his superior was judging wisely .
tr	NNS	High above , strips of cloud drifted beneath the scarlet canopy .
tr	NN	The Fae warrior was back , and Andrea stood in front of him .
tr	NN	The itch to leap into offensive action crawled over her skin like a thousand tiny ants .
tr	NNS	There are interviews with informers , office staff to maintain records , arresting officers , executioners .
tr	NNS	The mattress loosens beneath me as I melt through the sheets .
tr	NN	When the limping official tried to drag himself across the ground , the tribal warrior put another into the corrupt official 's back .
tr	NNS	Things she didn 't want to believe she was capable of feeling for any man other than Patrick .
tr	NN	Mail delivery is really spotty of late .
tr	NNS	Alexis completely shocked him when she insisted that the funeral was taking place right where she belonged , inside the Royal Gothic Cathedral adjacent to the palace .
tr	NNS	The sirens of the fire trucks were already getting louder .
tr	NN	Before the bastard put her down . "
tr	NN	Careful to keep the cigarette turned away I pulled idly at my foreskin , then traversed the lightly furred line from chest to navel .
tr	NN	The inspector looked at them for a moment in surprise before directing his question to Ashley .
tr	NNS	" Things involving you usually are . "
tr	NNS	Eighty degrees at nine A.M. and the hard glare promised twenty more by noon .
tr	NN	There is no afterlife for us .
tr	NNS	Green sticky seats and the smell of cherry bubble gum and a dozen kids screaming as the bus spins round and round and round .
tr	NNS	Of course the gnomes would have guardians .
tr	NNS	Her responsibilities came at birth and there was nothing selfish about them .
tr	NN	Her belly filled with dread as if she had just been caught red-handed stealing something from her father .
tr	NN	A strip of dim light shone on a carpet .
tr	NNS	The edges of the stone slabs lay only feet from each ledge of the pit .
tr	NN	The referee stepped between them and ordered Valeria to go to a neutral corner .
tr	NNS	" Initiation coins aren 't for everyone .
tr	NNS	" My deepest apologies young soldier , continue with your search and when you find him , alarm us with the castle code okay ?
tr	NN	My uncle almost turns me over to him , ducks out at the last minute .
tr	NNS	Hephaestus placed two large stacks of paper on the table .
tr	NNS	Something momentous had just happened to him and damned if he could make sense of it standing in a crowded parking lot .
tr	NN	A dark staircase led down .
tr	NN	Ahead , the lane rose toward the crest of a deeply wooded hill .
tr	NNS	Makes sense to me ... " " Do I look like a common whore to you ? "
tr	NN	To Lara , the frog symbolized everything the Carpathian women sought .
tr	NNS	Then all the fierce ghosts took a step forward too .
tr	NNS	So many facts about your time had to be learned that I glanced over what I deemed to be minutiae .
tr	NN	His tail thumped against the ground .
tr	NNS	Elaborate flower arrangements and fruit adorned each long banquet table , while large lotus blossoms drifted down upon the banquet attendees .
tr	NN	" Where will the master receive them ? "
tr	NNS	" Dogs can be a nuisance . "
tr	NNS	The little green creatures , had spotted the lone Nomads and set a trap for them , near a small water hole .
tr	NN	The mass of insects undulated , a living carpet that began to reluctantly weave itself into a dark shadow creeping along the ground .
tr	NN	The wounded rider shouted as she fired again and again at the metal intruder .
tr	NN	A deep rainbow of colors shimmered in the gloom of morning , pretty shapes dancing in the light wind .
tr	NN	She sighed , then moved slowly back down to her knees , pulling gently at the weeds sprouting amidst the sage .
tr	NN	Your lord needs bed rest for at least the next three days . "
tr	NNS	The side effects are a bitch . "
tr	NN	Despair had not left him , but the weakness had passed .
tr	NN	For the safety of all , the identity of the prisoner must remain a mystery , the Sphinx said .
tr	NNS	He definitely returned to his original views , there were no signs of emotion showing on him .
tr	NN	The museum 's full of carvings just like it .
tr	NN	" G & T , darling , " she said without looking up .
tr	NNS	Several good new restaurants to try .
tr	NN	Her captain paid his docking fees and left town for the heady pleasures of Galvez Town .
tr	NNS	An already half-empty bag of blood was stuck to his fangs and Etienne and Terri were leaning over him , worried expressions on their faces .
tr	NNS	His actions were in the interests of peace . "
tr	NNS	The only markings were the swirling lines it had bloomed upon , a string of letters on each piece , and a glowing circular design on top .
tr	NN	No further challenge could stop them .
tr	NN	They had both learned the basic steps of fencing , thrust , parry , riposte , but didn 't practice very often .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids fluttered , then bravely remained open .
tr	NN	" A sailboat fundraiser sounds like fun .
tr	NN	Each fragrance had a small tester size available .
tr	NN	For sure some pancakes doused in maple syrup would do the job of relieving the headache , and the hunger .
tr	NNS	The message 's contents weren 't completely unexpected -- more like vexing .
tr	NN	" And the rotting flowers ?
tr	NNS	Many generations have no idea what it means to live in peace .
tr	NNS	Lights turn onto the street .
tr	NNS	" There are boot prints here .
tr	NN	An itch started right between his eyes , as if he 'd been targeted by a certain Super Nun 's laser look .
tr	NN	The flavorless liquid cooled the burning .
tr	NNS	The blades crashed and the room shook .
tr	NN	Her dad 's yard boasted Santa waving from his sleigh , while the simple but cute frame house was liberally draped with twinkling colored lights .
tr	NN	The back hatch opens , and the universe explodes around me .
tr	NN	The surgeon took a deep breath .
tr	NN	As far as she was concerned , his mistress was welcome to him .
tr	NN	A spark of mischief glowed in Dan 's heart , feeble as he was .
tr	NN	Suddenly a deep growl sounded out of the darkness .
tr	NN	A stab of jealousy tore through her as she imagined the man she loved having dinner with the woman carrying his child .
tr	NN	The tapestry abraded her fingertips before she brushed the cold metal .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of him have invaded my mind .
tr	NNS	Alexis sat through days and days of testimony as the prosecution accused the heiress of being a cold-blooded killer .
tr	NNS	The high ceilings made for good acoustics , making our footsteps echo as we moved through the room .
tr	NN	A twig snaps behind me .
tr	NNS	Behind Masterson , more figures rushed into view .
tr	NN	There was a plaza full of people and nobody moved .
tr	NNS	Their horns rocked from side to side , watching , waiting .
tr	NNS	Sirens rose in the distance , and I caught my chance .
tr	NN	Her feet slide in the fall leaves as she hits at him with her one free hand .
tr	NN	All that mattered now was that it was over .
tr	NN	Besides , the angel had said they would go on the journey .
tr	NN	The wraith continued straight toward her holding out the silhouette of a fork in one hand .
tr	NN	A difficulty he had not expected .
tr	NN	Vincenzo 's unease rose .
tr	NN	Had to know for himself their velvet smoothness .
tr	NNS	" What do warriors get , then ?
tr	NNS	Now that he was on the ground the creatures were closing in , so he let the halberd fall and took out his mace .
tr	NNS	His staccato puffs outward collapsed into nothing and shattered upwards before becoming part of the grey sky itself .
tr	NN	My sleep schedule is still off from Christmas Break , and I feel like a freaking zombie . "
tr	NN	My new schedule felt positively decadent .
tr	NN	Wisely backing toward the door the gargoyle gave a lift of his hands .
tr	NNS	Only her stockings remained , so he went to work on them next , rolling each one down until her toes wiggled free .
tr	NN	The sergeant turned that over in his head , then he said , " I was told to take you , Dr. Seldon . "
tr	NN	A thin plume of smoke snaked from the chimney of the building into the slate gray of the sky .
tr	NN	The scar was quite pallid and dead looking .
tr	NNS	Tris 's fingers slide between mine .
tr	NN	There was a glint of steel in his eyes , despite his lazy tone .
tr	NNS	Things were looking bad for us . "
tr	NN	A log was jutting out from the bank and I grabbed onto it , watching .
tr	NNS	" At least the drinks are good . "
tr	NN	The little kitten wobbled on her feet and then sunk to the ground into the fog .
tr	NN	A giggle erupted out my mouth and I shifted my eyes from Larissa who was looking up at Marcus expectedly .
tr	NNS	Most visitors landed at a nearby regional airport or rented a car at some major airport , like Philadelphia .
tr	NNS	" Things aren 't always what they seem , Ben .
tr	NNS	The massive gates before us swung open with a groan of hinges badly in need of being oiled .
tr	NNS	The other members of the crew circled the space , and she tried to ignore the heavy silence .
tr	NN	An impromptu checkers tournament began in the dining room after dinner .
tr	NNS	Fourteen mech wolves were out of commission , but the freedom fighters had suffered far worse casualties .
tr	NNS	The upper floors of the main building , above the great hall , housed the classrooms and the library .
tr	NN	There was no other option in the matter .
tr	NNS	Only head shots were of any value .
tr	NNS	Two figures lay sleeping in the clearing and right there before them sat several objects lying in the sun all by their self .
tr	NN	Your appeal may well succeed .
tr	NN	" The only thing indecent is not showing it off , and you as well , so come along and let 's eat .
tr	NNS	He stepped close to her , reached around her to cup the fullness of her breasts in his palms .
tr	NNS	Your instincts tell you this is the right choice ? "
tr	NNS	" Our search programs have not pointed out any anomaly , even after being updated . "
tr	NN	" Like the man in the cellar defended himself ?
tr	NN	Incredibly , the top hatch of the tank opened and a blond haired man stuck his head out .
tr	NNS	At a certain spot two high rocky peaks guarded the entrance to that passage .
tr	NNS	So far as they were concerned , the other races of mankind were good only as slaves or sacrifices .
tr	NNS	Nicodemus smiled and said , " Bravo , sir .
tr	NNS	Her kisses diminish with intensity , and we lounge in one another 's mouths as if this were the best form of relaxation .
tr	NNS	The suns were at high noon , making every spec of sand sparkle .
tr	NN	The flashlight shined a small , disappointing cone of light forward .
tr	NN	There was a heap of blankets in front of the roaring fire .
tr	NN	A faint smoky haze hung in the air .
tr	NN	Of course , the genius of it was that Lucas wasn 't actually making any of it up .
tr	NN	I can 't float it up now , the turbulence up there must be terrific ! '
tr	NNS	The wolves halted their forward progression , lifting their heads in unison , scenting the new threat .
tr	NN	But of course , the hypocrite couldn 't call him John , too ... " Jack laughed sarcastically .
tr	NNS	Werewolves can have only one mate , and it can 't just be anybody .
tr	NNS	The jagged peaks of crystal mountains are visible in the mist . "
tr	NN	A low growl issued out of the back of his throat .
tr	NN	The footman had brought a pitchfork , and I held my breath as he poked the dark object .
tr	NN	The Israeli government was excited to be apart of it .
tr	NN	" No , " Jazz sighed .
tr	NNS	The sirens were growing louder .
tr	NN	The majority of men fell , some still fought , but the enemy 's strength dwindled .
tr	NNS	" Only girlfriends do that . "
tr	NNS	And the wolves should have given Laurent a wide berth .
tr	NNS	These soothing caresses soon lulled her in to a soporific state and she decided to hit the bed .
tr	NN	The vine encircled the image of an apple .
tr	NN	" Your new teacher , the principal , and Mrs. Groves , from the Superintendent 's office .
tr	NN	An ox could grant great strength .
tr	NN	" Everything bagel and cream cheese ? "
tr	NNS	" My apologies , I will try to be more gentle . "
tr	NNS	Their tongues met and Izzy wrapped her arms around his neck .
tr	NNS	Her pupils went wide and I could feel her desire growing animalistic towards me .
tr	NNS	Immediately , emails , text messages , and voicemails began to stack up on the published phone .
tr	NN	The blob had stopped and was just sitting on the ground in front of him .
tr	NN	The deep boom of the two shots , which had been batting to and fro among the mountains , died away .
tr	NN	A trick or two that could have been staged .
tr	NNS	Girls taken and forced to fulfill the most deviant desires for the most preserve patrons .
tr	NN	While seated on the floor , the player usually placed the instrument partially in the lap or across bended knees .
tr	NN	There was a small kitchenette too .
tr	NN	There was a yellowed poster of an apple pie in the window .
tr	NNS	Among the older rats were younger ones , each one with a dark red mark on its head , and they were pushing to the front .
tr	NN	The colonel nodded at Hilton .
tr	NNS	All leaders needed men to follow them , sons to lead their armies .
tr	NNS	Two interviews , and out of nowhere this morning I get a canned letter saying , ' Thanks for your interest , but piss off . ' "
tr	NN	The hunger in his eyes intensified .
tr	NNS	He crawled lazily toward where she worked , the boards coarse against the skin of his legs .
tr	NNS	Those factors contribute to violence , of course .
tr	NN	the other seer asked her .
tr	NN	the elder shouted at the witch .
tr	NNS	" Those Tanks are strong .
tr	NNS	" Someone betrayed Dawson .
tr	NN	The pilot and officer ran to her and looked over her shoulder , to see Callum 's dead body on the bathroom floor .
tr	NNS	Even if you manage to take me down , these wolves here are going to rip you to shreds . "
tr	NN	The glide of her nearly bare flesh against the leather couch as he pulled her gently downward .
tr	NN	A tremble ran through my body , and I hated it .
tr	NNS	The grapes were small , but they were sweet and juicy and could be stored for winter by drying them and making raisins .
tr	NN	In their place was a gray van .
tr	NN	Some kindness offered to a stranger at just the right moment .
tr	NN	The audience was shouting " bravo " and " encore . "
tr	NN	Kelly 's breakfast bagel weighed like lead in her stomach .
tr	NNS	For one thing , passengers tend to eat .
tr	NNS	" How are your cousins doing ? "
tr	NNS	" What are our chances ? "
tr	NNS	These chains on our bodies were much tougher than I could have imagined .
tr	NN	He stepped closer , a conspiratorial smile crossing his lips .
tr	NNS	The way the painting was wrapped , the careful movements , even the shape of the man was exactly the same as that night .
tr	NN	His candy wrapper went in the trash since he 'd already finished the entire bar of milk chocolate .
tr	NNS	Romulus paced back and forth in the Doghouse .
tr	NN	A brunette novice bobbed her head and rushed away .
tr	NNS	Finally the credits rolled on the screen .
tr	NNS	" Some lies are worse than the offense . "
tr	NNS	My classes ran two nights a week , and I 'd managed to get a financial aid package that dulled the cost .
tr	NNS	The winds shouldn 't be too bad there , and we will be down from the mist .
tr	NN	But would the crisis rob her of that vital quality he found so unique and appealing ?
tr	NN	The graveyard was part of the estate that sat on what is known as Langley Hill .
tr	NNS	The contents of my purse were still there .
tr	NN	Besides , her fondness for him had not diminished and I think her eye was ever pleased by his likeness .
tr	NNS	His tentacles were the white of his flesh , decorated with veins of gold and jewel colors .
tr	NNS	Where are the bilge rats hiding ? "
tr	NNS	After all , not liking purses was no reason to go without lipstick .
tr	NNS	Diggs came over and pulled me aside , a hand on my arm .
tr	NN	My attorney advised me to get Isaac out of town until the hearing .
tr	NN	When they had entered the colonel shot the locking iron bolt and stood with his back to the door .
tr	NN	A blush rose to her cheeks .
tr	NNS	His pursuers were now at the foot of the ladder but did not ascend .
tr	NNS	The lasting effects are far stronger than that of a cookie .
tr	NNS	Immediately , the Slav war horns blew two short blasts .
tr	NNS	What direction did the other wolves go ? "
tr	NN	His blatant honesty made her laugh .
tr	NN	The comm made a static noise and then went silent .
tr	NN	Moments later , a bundle of black fur shot across his floor and into the bed .
tr	NNS	Shadowhunters stood or knelt or cast into the orange flames handfuls of the pale white Alicante flowers that grew even in the winter .
tr	NN	His simple explanation made me feel tingly all over .
tr	NN	Francesca 's weeping broke his heart , yet there was the ring of truth in Rolf 's voice .
tr	NN	" Seems a van crashed yesterday afternoon and they found two men in it who had been murdered .
tr	NNS	All characters included in this work are fictitious .
tr	NNS	My wrists and shoulders hurt even more .
tr	NNS	Doors , hood , and a trunk that opened and closed .
tr	NNS	There are idiots who jump in this thing all the time .
tr	NN	" I was mighty worried , you know , " was his greeting .
tr	NN	A lack of beauty gave them a severe hunger for it .
tr	NNS	Five or six nurses in white were framing the bed , grim and sober .
tr	NNS	" Apparently their sessions were quite intense , on all levels .
tr	NNS	Americus moved over to the tall chimney .
tr	NN	A large , steel , spiral staircase stood in the middle of the floor and led up to the first floor .
tr	NNS	Three shots at least , from increasingly close range .
tr	NN	Even though I was moving towards the setting sun , the thick foliage blocked out the majority of the light .
tr	NN	The lieutenant wavered for a moment , then ordered his men out , muttering an apology .
tr	NNS	Parts of me had changed for the better , too .
tr	NNS	Witches aren 't real !
tr	NNS	All the efforts in the province went into the November elections .
tr	NNS	As the door to the parlor closed , the two intertwined figures on the settee separated , and one sat up .
tr	NN	A deputy will join you there , but I 'm betting he 's closer than you are , so you 'd better hurry . "
tr	NNS	Our visits here to Earth are actually quite short , though at times suffering makes them seem much longer .
tr	NN	The birthmark on the side of his face burns , reminding him what Alaric told him once : Seems you have a special affinity with the moon .
tr	NNS	Eventually your organs shut down , and -- " " I get the picture , " interrupted Haven .
tr	NN	Part of him wished Ash would just poof them over to the warehouse , but he knew better than to ask .
tr	NN	Unfortunately , as the Fates looked down on me with malicious hoots of laughter , the stool caught on the sticky floor and I went flying .
tr	NN	A lilting script declared " General Benjamin W. Jones and Mrs. Adele Langley Jones , with their daughter Beverly , 1868 . "
tr	NN	" Except for perhaps minor tweaking , the band studio is ready to start activities right away . "
tr	NN	The tube impacted just in front of the left wing , the smoke of the projectile scattered among the wind blasts of the two left side propellers .
tr	NN	That weird green glint in her eye hadn 't faded , but she was still Rachel , beautiful and brutal .
tr	NNS	Sadness and diffidence possess her pupils and I almost reach out to hug her pain away .
tr	NNS	' What are your abilities ? '
tr	NNS	My hands were trapped , my wrists stuck through padded restraints that felt like the cuffs used to check blood pressure .
tr	NNS	His kisses were long and drugging , shaking her deliberately , not giving her a chance to think , only to feel .
tr	NNS	The sobs still wanted to come out , but she restricted them , her body shaking violently as a result .
tr	NNS	His mouth quirks charmingly .
tr	NN	" The plant is the only full-time employer within twenty miles .
tr	NN	Stirred soup , kneaded dough and turned meats .
tr	NN	The jaguar turned her head away from him , dropping her chin to protect her exposed throat .
tr	NNS	The couples looked so relaxed and happy .
tr	NN	" Now we 're even , " the leader spoke as he sadistically yanked out the blade , ripping through more flesh and widening the wound .
tr	NN	" At least his fake accent is consistent . "
tr	NNS	Spanish moss clung to the sprawling branches , and the moss blew lightly in the faint breeze .
tr	NN	There was one hindrance to the adoption .
tr	NNS	There are billions of souls in the Light , many times that in the Dark , and all of those uncounted bright sparks yet to be kindled .
tr	NN	A small tripod with a telescopic spotter 's scope sat on the floor in front of him .
tr	NNS	Her pupils were silver and lightning bombarded the castle .
tr	NN	" And no offense , I don 't trust anyone .
tr	NN	The captain rubbed his forehead .
tr	NNS	" Seriously , all these ghosts do is sit around and think up riddles ?
tr	NNS	For Teri and Geoff the summers were the best time , and both of them were too busy for Adara .
tr	NN	His fur was stifling hot and his heartbeat was way too fast .
tr	NNS	Soldiers spilled out onto the second-floor landing .
tr	NN	The marina was an easy target .
tr	NNS	An L-shaped glossy white worktop runs along the left wall then curves to the right , extending as a breakfast counter .
tr	NNS	Things must be bad down south .
tr	NN	My bullshit limit was rapidly approaching .
tr	NNS	The apartments in which no one lives - hundreds of them and all full of the possessions people had , like family photographs and clothes .
tr	NN	But you needn , t worry about this .
tr	NN	To what honor do I owe your presence ? "
tr	NN	" Someone saw Clay driving Barker 's car the night the reverend disappeared .
tr	NNS	Bugs asked , already knowing the answer .
tr	NNS	Girls always say guys took advantage of them or talked them into something .
tr	NN	The bullet thumped into her back and threw her into Ty .
tr	NNS	After the meeting , the excited classmates could finally talk to each other via space bridge .
tr	NNS	Some faint shouts drifted down to the cafe .
tr	NNS	His boxers went next .
tr	NNS	Lots of ammo , was all that he wrote .
tr	NN	My pulse is racing .
tr	NN	The elation is short lived , though , a couple minutes into it when the novelty has worn off and everyone 's bored again .
tr	NN	His uncle is the chief of police .
tr	NN	In between them there was soil and stones of different sizes .
tr	NNS	Sadness pressed against her heart .
tr	NN	" Your arrangement is beautiful .
tr	NN	The layer could spread into your body from the nose and block the vital organs . "
tr	NN	The concierge in his gilded cage was multi-lingual and beautiful in that melting , Rudolph Valentino , Sheik of Araby sort of way .
tr	NN	" Holy fucking Christ . "
tr	NN	The corporal tried to hang on and pull himself up , but falling dirt and rock carried him back down , his hands struggling for purchase .
tr	NNS	Two pairs of filthy , crazed eyes faced me .
tr	NNS	Looks like he is on Secretariat ! "
tr	NNS	The images would not stop .
tr	NN	There was a tour to some spectacular cliff face called Moher , which was meant to be one of the Wonders of the World .
tr	NN	Part of him was glad he shared it with her .
tr	NNS	" His vital signs say he is awake , but I don 't know . "
tr	NN	If she were a bad witch , her aura would be a dark grayish color .
tr	NN	" Who is the attorney leading the Plant 18 injunction ? "
tr	NN	That stroke changed everything .
tr	NNS	After what seemed to be a long opening round in the beginning of a great battle , the gunmen ceased fire .
tr	NN	The teacher stood in front of us and asked us the same five questions she asked us every day .
tr	NN	Despair might be the tune he sang to himself about what he did , but a deep polished vanity lay beneath it .
tr	NN	There , you see , there 's quite a tribe of us from Nazareth and Capernaum and Cana . "
tr	NNS	By then our fights usually were .
tr	NNS	The spots dancing before his eyes began to merge into solid black .
tr	NNS	Olive 's eyelids fluttered at the sound of his voice .
tr	NN	The quantity of power involved was not great , but she had to execute it just right .
tr	NN	The only so-called value you have to him is that you can get close enough to Coyote to sacrifice him and release Grizzly faster than anyone else .
tr	NN	The mob of children tumbles past me , eagerly shouting about hide-and-seek .
tr	NNS	Ramon 's gun rose higher , his actions silhouetted in shadow as she started toward him , the miner light glaring back at her .
tr	NNS	" Any murders or reported disappearances ? "
tr	NN	Did the gold map point to the general position , while this dyed rendition offered a more precise location ?
tr	NNS	The chances of you and Brian crossing paths the way you did were pretty damn slim .
tr	NN	But tradition was sweeter than routine , and brought elements of family , love , or comfort .
tr	NNS	" The twins are where ? "
tr	NN	In the first period , the principal said over the intercom that all students must go outside and pick up that mess .
tr	NN	What could this slender , timid woman want to say to him that would embarrass her so much ?
tr	NNS	Dragons may lay around nak * d , but not humans .
tr	NNS	Their movements were precise and unhurried .
tr	NNS	There were still gaps in her memory .
tr	NNS	My stomach juices began to boil and I quietly cursed the salami .
tr	NN	We are the tenants , not the landlords , a temple priest once said at a weekly gathering .
tr	NNS	Still , my instincts insisted that something was wrong ; the buzzing continued .
tr	NNS	Lea 's fans were a different story because they already knew what that meant , and they liked what Lea was planning .
tr	NN	The pulse grew faster and the hum pitched even higher as the hydrogen was injected into the portion of the accelerator visible in the laboratory .
tr	NNS	" No worries , I will see to that , eat up , nothing to be embarrassed about . "
tr	NNS	As well as the town itself , there were a dozen or so villages like ours under his lordship .
tr	NN	" Hurry up and pack , my little butterfly , " Nate said .
tr	NNS	Susannah 's instincts said to ignore it , but too much was at stake and she reached for the receiver just before the answering machine clicked on .
tr	NN	The longer the subject of Xavier 's infraction lasted the nastier the language became between him and Anthony .
tr	NN	There was no objection for which he was not prepared , no flaw in the insane vision that had not been meticulously resolved .
tr	NNS	* * * " My Queen , your Jewels will not return . "
tr	NN	The room Eleanor chose for the nursery was on the top floor , right across the hall from the master bedroom .
tr	NNS	The most proactive community members , Olivia and Lemuel , were not able to respond .
tr	NNS	" Passenger trains don 't come through ... " Then she understood .
tr	NN	Far off , in his den under the barn , the Death of Rats relaxed his determined grip on a beam .
tr	NNS	My hopes of reconciling with Jamey were over , and I 'd been left with nothing but emptiness inside .
tr	NNS	Doesn 't appear that either round hit anything vital , but we 're gon na need to get him out of here , ASAP . "
tr	NNS	His footsteps gently crunched in the soft snow as he moved ever closer .
tr	NN	Amanda 's pulse quickened .
tr	NN	Her spine straightened until the woolen blanket fell from her shoulders .
tr	NNS	The bits felt wet and cold in my hand , like used Kleenex .
tr	NNS	Things I won 't talk about .
tr	NN	There behind her was the mass of guards that had just been on the third floor .
tr	NN	Even after the loss of its Owner , Marjorie Rossi , this tradition has grown .
tr	NN	The priest stood before the wall , shoulders hunched under shredded garments .
tr	NNS	Monstrous creatures from the dawn of time were running wild .
tr	NNS	Reyes forced himself to stay focused on Sweet Dove .
tr	NN	But her unease remained unabated even as the day drew to a close .
tr	NN	A stab of fear entered my heart .
tr	NNS	The cousins were very upset when they saw this scene .
tr	NN	A table lamp softly illuminated the living room .
tr	NN	The teacher did not even bother quieting them down .
tr	NN	His grandmother called after her .
tr	NNS	Under tomorrow 's date , Things to Do : Get Born .
tr	NNS	However , there are at least two other prime suspects as well .
tr	NNS	The cookies were bleeding .
tr	NNS	Soldiers fired at everything that moved .
tr	NNS	Kids who were lonely outsiders like she 'd been .
tr	NN	An owl screeched in the trees .
tr	NN	Sometimes the boy 's accent was too broad to understand ; today was no exception .
tr	NN	A small audience of children with their own sticks gathered to watch .
tr	NNS	The wolves growled and howled with rage as they retreated and disappeared into the trees that were now above them .
tr	NN	A soft throbbing started beating between my legs .
tr	NN	The control panel explodes in a waterfall of sparks .
tr	NNS	My eyelids finally abandoned their fight , and I woke up .
tr	NNS	Ashlyn 's eyelids popped open .
tr	NNS	The smoothness of his voice allowed me to dream peacefully .
tr	NN	The next clearing they passed was full of upright dominoes , each bigger than a mattress , white with black markings .
tr	NN	The colors clash and the rusty orange scarf trails in the dust on the floor , but it 's her .
tr	NNS	The surroundings around here might be incredibly beautiful but we definitely can 't be so sure about the people . "
tr	NN	With only a minor amount of effort a click from the lock rang out and he pushed the gate open .
tr	NN	The reflection of the mirror John was using captured the scowl on his mother 's face .
tr	NN	Love Mom We weren 't poor , but this was insanely generous , even though I knew I was the last living relative .
tr	NNS	Others went to the cities , to see the great markets , the majesty of the courts , or the splendor of the temples .
tr	NNS	His caresses were like soft wisps of cool air on a warm summer day .
tr	NNS	If they don 't kill me like they tried to do Chuck , then the gates are not going to close until the first of December . "
tr	NNS	The guardians cannot come to the other world , and even guides shouldn 't . "
tr	NN	The disgust in Bart 's sneer didn 't matter to Ethan .
tr	NNS	The torches hardly cast any light that far , but I can see the faint outline of small bones , some offering made long ago .
tr	NNS	The gears were already turning in his head .
tr	NN	I touched his face with my hand , traced the outline of his square , strong jaw .
tr	NN	There was a gleam to his eyes , as if he 'd just won some battle .
tr	NN	A thrill stirred up inside of him ; it was time to fly .
tr	NN	The female angel was just paces away , staring .
tr	NNS	The velvety smoothness of her dress left little to be imagined .
tr	NN	" I am a god , " the archer said , unnecessarily .
tr	NNS	Its jaws dripped off its head in a circle of long pointed teeth .
tr	NNS	Summoning supernatural creatures wasn 't an easy task , especially with no physical spell components to aid me .
tr	NNS	Things have changed now .
tr	NN	A dusty haze settled on the city , turning orange in the setting sun .
tr	NNS	" Very well , my instincts tell me that you could reach the personal energy of any master vampire . "
tr	NNS	The suns were high and the tribe was enjoying a mid-morning meal .
tr	NN	Emma 's pulse began to slow , and her shoulders slowly fell from their crunched position by her ears .
tr	NNS	" Lives , " Kate corrected him .
tr	NN	Anger and frustration fired his hunger and he attacked the first man he saw .
tr	NN	" This medication is not fatal .
tr	NN	" Poison would have been my next option .
tr	NN	" A publisher contacted me through the magazine .
tr	NN	The obvious leader of the three men chewed gum and spoke like an illiterate .
tr	NNS	But by the time the burgers arrived the others had cracked into apple pie and ice-cream .
tr	NN	They lay strewn around the concrete floor of the coliseum like discarded rag dolls , cotton and straw innards hanging from their torn bodies .
tr	NN	But the cancer was getting too painful for him .
tr	NNS	The creatures were all lying on the ground and some of them were turning into blue light and vanishing .
tr	NNS	Within hours the comatose captives saw the first signs of civilization .
tr	NN	However the weakness lies in the definition of these words .
tr	NN	There is a tight limit on what I can do at this distance . "
tr	NNS	The websites hadn 't mentioned anything about these patterns , but I 'm dying to find out what their purpose is -- if any .
tr	NNS	There were clothing stores , toy stores , and stores selling every possible ' Collectible ' you could want .
tr	NNS	Brief kisses at the end of the evening were the most he 'd come to expect .
tr	NNS	" Things have been different since your friends left .
tr	NNS	Cadmus continued , " Years ago , I was guided by a premonition that led me deep into the Gray Oaks .
tr	NN	Why couldn 't have that darn werewolf attack me next month ?
tr	NN	There was a slight hesitation .
tr	NNS	My temples began to throb .
tr	NN	Let him out , sergeant : " An " take your rubbish home wid you ! "
tr	NN	The captain handed her a bottle of water and said , " They 've moved off . "
tr	NNS	A cigarette lay smoking in the office ashtray , chances were very remote that it was anything like the first of the day .
tr	NN	Within seconds steam filled the air and my shivering lessened .
tr	NN	Nonetheless , her lack of compassion for him left her perplexed .
tr	NN	* * * CHAPTER 49 The operation is a success .
tr	NN	The bundle turned out to be his wife .
tr	NNS	Tiny butterflies filled my stomach and a heat radiated between my legs .
tr	NNS	Soldiers in uniform hurried between the buildings trying to stay out of the heat .
tr	NN	Joey 's pasta looked decent , but not worth twenty three dollars .
tr	NN	" The stench of death lies heavy on the air . "
tr	NN	' My master and I have much to discuss .
tr	NN	The warm appreciation in his voice , the pleasure twinkling in his eyes , instantly dispelled her unease about how she looked to him .
tr	NNS	Trystan 's kisses didn 't .
tr	NN	When he turned with the sword he used , the garment swirled and fanned out .
tr	NN	With every second that passed , the warriors ' madness seemed to take deeper hold of her .
tr	NN	Now where is the transmitter ? "
tr	NN	No offense , but Sullivan 's as political as they come . "
tr	NNS	Girls ain 't gon na pick on you if you do something to change it . "
tr	NNS	Things have not been easy for Storm , but she 's handling it with all the patience and love that you could ever expect from her .
tr	NN	My one working eyelid is drooping and I 'm drifting away into crazy strange and lovely dreams .
tr	NN	The compost heap emerged from the debris .
tr	NNS	The facts will gradually unfold .
tr	NNS	The laser blasts stopped .
tr	NNS	" My apologies , Miss Bryant , I feel that all we have done in the past few hours is force decisions on you .
tr	NNS	Only supernaturals for now , because humans weren 't yet sure that victuals prepared by shape-shifters were safe to eat .
tr	NN	The women approached to undo her robe once again , some bearing undergarments .
tr	NNS	Fairy tales were exactly that , pleasant dreams , not something that happened in real life .
tr	NNS	These creatures were stupid .
tr	NNS	Words forced themselves into her mind ; she knew what she must do to live .
tr	NNS	Ironic , considering the disrespect your institutions have given females . "
tr	NN	The ritual was appropriately atmospheric .
tr	NNS	Her fingernails dug into his back as she pulled him deeper , working him in and out in a steady rhythm .
tr	NN	A coven could live here , unaware of the drainer now in their midst .
tr	NNS	Things could get ugly . '
tr	NNS	But the temples here were old , old .
tr	NNS	Hands all over him , evanescent hands of nonexistent touches , like a million wings of butterflies brushing , caressing every inch of his skin .
tr	NNS	" Face hits were too obvious .
tr	NN	" The pilot is expecting us . "
tr	NNS	The servants were still sweeping the passages and stairways , in spite of the hour , and candles burned in many rooms .
tr	NNS	Purple spots glimmered before being subsumed into the overall fantastic scheme .
tr	NNS	There are bars . "
tr	NN	" Ahhh , here you are , " Ferry said .
tr	NN	" Where is this maid now ? "
tr	NNS	The aliens and the humans were both using military ships and neither of them put much thought into making them look nice .
tr	NN	That gleam in your eyes when you look at me , it ... distresses me . "
tr	NNS	" The levels are too high .
tr	NNS	His tone softened , his movements became more gentle .
tr	NN	" Only the sacrifice is the person I love this time . "
tr	NNS	The butterflies in my tummy started dancing again .
tr	NN	A loud thud from the ocean causes them all to turn .
tr	NN	His gaping maw was a deep , dark red , but I could tell his two front teeth were gone .
tr	NNS	Once again her eyelids narrowed to tiny slits .
tr	NNS	Its companions looked on with a frightening apoplexy .
tr	NN	My reflection in the elevator mirror caught me off guard with the scruffy change .
tr	NN	A velvet robe that had belonged to the fifth Poppy Holland hung on the back of her door .
tr	NNS	No witnesses , " Kellan replied .
tr	NNS	Then my eyelids flutter and I fall unconscious .
tr	NNS	Folks talk , and they have long memories .
tr	NN	Worse , the War on Enchantment looms near , just as one of the most crucial classes in the college 's history prepares to enter .
tr	NN	" The whole backyard , not to mention half of Summerfield Drive , is beginning to wonder .
tr	NNS	There were two other stern looking men behind the serious man but she assumed that this tall man was the one in charge .
tr	NN	One by one , the squad jumped from the chopper .
tr	NN	The yellow arcade T-shirt highlights the blond in his brown hair and shows off the muscle tone in his chest and arms .
tr	NN	Then he knelt beside her , unshaven face close to hers , breath vile .
tr	NN	The black-haired footman would think she was an absolute ninny .
tr	NNS	But merely acting brave was not enough .
tr	NN	However , my prey was moving very quickly through the twists and turns of this maze .
tr	NN	The few remaining species of animal life that are left are dying out from lack of food .
tr	NNS	Cassius extended his hand , which Gordian reluctantly shook .
tr	NN	The thrill must be almost too much for you . "
tr	NN	A life partner ... live with and love ... happily .
tr	NNS	Gray primer spots covered the battered vehicle and a white racing stripe slashed diagonally across the left side .
tr	NN	Except for the accident , his career had been successful .
tr	NNS	" Do fairies ever have sensitive hearing ? "
tr	NN	A soft snort escaped my nose .
tr	NN	Desperation and frustration because he was in a situation with no answers and felt powerless .
tr	NNS	The sirens were louder .
tr	NN	On the other hand , the elf was polite and helpful .
tr	NN	But that theory fell through when Gayle ended up dead in her driveway .
tr	NNS	The black bikes roared into the parking lot and disappeared around the side of the building .
tr	NNS	Our costumes were both historically accurate and terribly complex .
tr	NN	' All ignition switches off . '
tr	NNS	Girls found me annoying because of my being too outspoken .
tr	NN	Iona 's hunger came to him again .
tr	NN	The chef has been preparing it all evening and it 's quite extraordinary .
tr	NNS	But no doubt the arrangements of the will are satisfactory , and I feel confident that Gwendolen will be liberally provided for . "
tr	NN	A spark of electricity made its way down to my toes .
tr	NN	There was no hesitation when she reached me , no question in her eyes .
tr	NNS	Guns , drugs , jewelry ... and a surprising assortment of dominatrix gear made the small apartment look that much more microscopic .
tr	NN	Kate 's grandmother would have called her handsome .
tr	NN	Callum 's sweet Sonia began to moan .
tr	NN	The blond captain backed up and took Anna 's hand , and he pulled her down the corridor to the left .
tr	NN	My degree didn 't matter at all .
tr	NNS	Things were moving very fast , but I have an undeniable image of that event in my head .
tr	NN	And a data entry clerk .
tr	NN	And vanilla ice cream is the only thing that captures this man 's attention ?
tr	NN	That era is long past .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of unimaginable medical leaps filled the doctor 's head .
tr	NNS	The characters , incidents , and dialogues are products of the author 's imagination and are not to be construed as real .
tr	NN	A rustling sounded from the lounger beside her as Hillary stood .
tr	NNS	Then two loud booms sounded , like a cannon , and people shrieked , scurrying away from the curb .
tr	NN	" All this mister and miss is getting tiresome .
tr	NN	The electricity played a key part to be sure , but it 's a little more complex than that .
tr	NN	His bass guitarist , Sheldon stopped short and then grinned when he saw the woman in Gage 's arms .
tr	NNS	Instantly , images of Aria shoving Tabitha off the roof of the hotel in Jamaica flashed in her mind .
tr	NNS	Two makeup artists hurried to apply makeup , one painting bright red lipstick on the brunettes pale face .
tr	NNS	The letters never explained anything ; it was a way to stop the madness and a way to increase it .
tr	NN	Part of me wants RPI and the other part of me wants to go to school with Dana . "
tr	NN	Even the snake had a collar and tie .
tr	NN	The squad of Canadian rangers continues to hack its way through the thick brush .
tr	NN	Jay walked on by , cursing as his charred pants kept dropping little pieces behind him .
tr	NN	For so many years the whistle had been my first resort , the quickest way to communicate with fellow hikers .
tr	NNS	On the same wall , but in the opposite corner there was an old mattress without any bed sheets .
tr	NNS	The rats who had been chasing him , and it must have been about all of them , were falling after him in an avalanche of stone .
tr	NNS	The castle servants fell all over themselves to welcome the Oak King , and he swept inside as though perfectly entitled to it .
tr	NNS	As she touched the wounds , images flashed through her mind .
tr	NNS	Other teachers filed in , carrying their books and papers and chatting aimlessly about the day ahead .
tr	NNS	Computer screens glowed blue and green .
tr	NNS	Kids and teachers swarmed the area like a bunk of flies to a Bar-B-Q .
tr	NNS	A few cocktails into the night and both Thalia and Gina were drunk .
tr	NNS	Others have tried ... but they didn 't know the secret . "
tr	NN	The black stake went skittering across the rough stone floor .
tr	NN	His successful career as an attorney is about to give way to his ranching roots when a bullet changes everything .
tr	NNS	In situations like this clients needed time to talk .
tr	NN	The haze faded slowly as I stood staring into my brother 's eyes , trying to anchor myself , to get back to being normal .
tr	NNS	But warrants watching all the same . '
tr	NNS	Those levels needed the most complete staffing .
tr	NN	In the city back home , thought Thomas , every plant looked like it was struggling to survive against the odds .
tr	NN	There 's no ritual . "
tr	NN	The vote is tomorrow .
tr	NN	A lazy , old-fashioned fan buzzed softly , making the candle flames dance .
tr	NNS	Their family relatives didn 't fight in real wars and didn 't work to better the condition of the down trodden .
tr	NN	" His right-hand man . "
tr	NNS	There were reasonable explanations for each .
tr	NN	A weakness that he should sear from his soul before it could destroy him .
tr	NNS	My instincts are a mess .
tr	NNS	From where do such figures arise ?
tr	NN	A low chuckle broke the tension .
tr	NN	And then the stench settled into my nostrils and I knew what had happened before Josh gagged one more time and explained .
tr	NN	The usually focused and clearer sensory perception that came from being around him felt tense and put me on edge .
tr	NNS	All her fears of shadows and thrumming boxes seemed faraway and childish .
tr	NNS	Squires looked at Catfish and then Chuck .
tr	NN	Her adrenaline was spiking again , rushing through her veins like an awakened river .
tr	NN	" Sis , if he kisses you , you ' l figure out how to kiss back pretty quickly . "
tr	NN	There was a sardonic grunt from her side of the gym .
tr	NN	" Nuclear radiation did this ? "
tr	NNS	Flames burned high in shades of grey and white .
tr	NNS	" No pirates , but a really tragic three-way love affair . "
tr	NN	The inspector stopped in front of his room , taking a deep breath before entering .
tr	NNS	Things around here need to change .
tr	NNS	" The noose Nicodemus wears .
tr	NN	Ok , " then flips the phone closed .
tr	NNS	Others on foot and on mount moved in the direction of the tall , wooden pyre on which a body wrapped in white gauze rested .
tr	NNS	One flinch and the gun would go off .
tr	NN	She moaned gently , and then louder when he worried the nipple in his teeth , gasped when he pinched the other nipple in his fingers .
tr	NN	And a pond that had never been there before , a small quiet pool where the water was very cold .
tr	NN	The challenge was eating , drinking , and driving with only one good arm , but she smiled smugly at her ability to adapt to adverse conditions .
tr	NNS	The recruits had some free time after dinner , normally using it to do laundry , shine boots or clean .
tr	NNS	There were footsteps behind him .
tr	NNS	The satellites spread the commands anonymously to their other low orbit friends , and then to ground stations around the world .
tr	NN	That goat needs it to produce milk for her kid .
tr	NN	Monster talk , in other words .
tr	NNS	The coyotes attacked at once .
tr	NNS	" Of course , we 'd love to , " the cousins answered in unison .
tr	NNS	She could teach her sisters about this new age , show them the wonders of it .
tr	NN	A cocktail just might be appropriate before the hot date that awaited me this evening .
tr	NNS	I tucked up my robes to keep pace , the winds like razors on my cheeks .
tr	NNS	Our actions can sometimes divert us from that path , yet somehow our feet tend to bring us right back to where we are supposed to be .
tr	NNS	Dogs didn 't think loud enough to hear .
tr	NNS	His jaws closed on Mahon 's neck and held it , easy , almost gently .
tr	NN	As he takes me higher and higher , the throbbing becomes more demanding .
tr	NN	A startled giggle nearly escaped Kate at the vast contrast between his agreeable expression and his negative reply .
tr	NNS	Inside , thousands of soldiers were gearing up .
tr	NN	" Then that wisdom is forfeit , and I miss it not while there is love .
tr	NN	One degree smarter took me from picking my ass to picking my nose .
tr	NNS	Images coalesced inside her mind .
tr	NN	There was no dent on it . "
tr	NN	The stairwell is dark and I see no switches .
tr	NN	This whole stairwell feels like it could fall apart any second . "
tr	NN	The whitewashed cottage sat back from the road with a gravel path leading to the front door .
tr	NN	" There was never any proof , of course .
tr	NN	" Man Child , your flesh is weak .
tr	NN	A balcony filled with onlookers had broken free of its supports and fallen to the street , smashing like a barrel hit by a boulder .
tr	NN	Finally , his comm unit trembles against his thigh .
tr	NN	Love can capture someone 's heart or break it into a million pieces .
tr	NNS	His pupils narrowed , inspecting Al with scrutiny .
tr	NNS	In the distance , sirens sounded .
tr	NNS	Their fans were louder .
tr	NNS	There were a few movies about Scotland .
tr	NNS	While munching on his second chocolate croissant and sipping his large , plain , extra strong , no sugar no milk coffee , Huxley started working .
tr	NNS	The demands on his time and talent kept him increasingly busy .
tr	NN	Suddenly he noticed something else wrong , some deep instinct realized that the entire world had hushed , as though holding its breath -- impending disaster .
tr	NN	A boom signaled the beginning of the show .
tr	NNS	The real Reapers are the ones who exterminate the demon souls that kills the humans .
tr	NN	Her aura , which moments before was clear and bright , was suddenly cloudy with a burst of mustard color .
tr	NNS	Seven council members peered at him expectantly , each wearing a decorative robe of a different color .
tr	NN	The valet -- obviously not a valet at all -- was stroking his chin with his feather duster , looking thoughtful .
tr	NNS	No real medical facilities and yet we did better than some hospitals .
tr	NNS	For some elves tease them and laugh at them , and most of all at their beards .
tr	NNS	As she stared up at him , chills raced over her shoulders and down her arms .
tr	NNS	After all , what would the cats have thought of pity ?
tr	NN	When she moves through the open doorway the writing dims .
tr	NN	Lady Elizabeth 's reputation had been bad , but to hear the facts of it so baldly from her son 's lips was heartbreaking .
tr	NNS	The paintings were so raw that it was shocking .
tr	NN	A stab of envy hit my stomach .
tr	NNS	Things like that just didn 't happen .
tr	NN	A werewolf and Mr. Evil were in the center , excited about whatever they were talking about .
tr	NNS	" The twins got it for the dare and Travis for taking them up on it . "
tr	NN	Reality started dulling from the crystal-clear black and white world I 'd previously known , to the hazy realm of varying shades of gray .
tr	NNS	Things just don 't add up right . "
tr	NN	The elf that had blocked my axe brought the pole up that he used to stop me and swung it right into my stomach .
tr	NNS	If you leave this house , your chances of reaching the Citadel without further attempts are dubious , at best . "
tr	NN	The stench of blood assaulted my nostrils and I tasted it on my tongue .
tr	NN	" Not since a few nights ago , when you nearly took the bastard 's arms off with those wicked blades of yours .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of danger and harm seemed very far away and the room started to vibrate and hum , almost lulling me to sleep .
tr	NN	My master says they are close to being finished . "
tr	NNS	There were no signs of any excavations .
tr	NN	In the linen cupboard . "
tr	NN	My belly flipped down low with an ache .
tr	NNS	Lights flickered across her tiny shop as cars and cabs flowed by .
tr	NN	The commando in view dashed in that direction .
tr	NNS	" Animals , like Fury said , only kill to protect and to eat .
tr	NN	Awake , her charisma , her strength of will and purpose , had been breathtaking .
tr	NN	Love said to Stuart .
tr	NN	" Who is your grandmother ? "
tr	NNS	But facts were facts and he might as well be aware of them right up front .
tr	NN	The hell hound reappeared just in time as the blade connected with its neck sending the head towards the floor as its body landed next to it .
tr	NN	That he 'd taken with him a suitcase of clothes and his precious lute gave them hope , but they never saw or heard of him again .
tr	NN	The black warrior bared his teeth in a scarcely contained snarl .
tr	NN	Brynn 's half-smile made him ache to reach out and take her into his arms .
tr	NNS	There were two tales that were most prominent .
tr	NN	After that , l lost all control of my body , like it had turned to stone . "
tr	NN	A small mound formed as the kami sprung out of the ground .
tr	NN	Annie 's uncle only used the barn to store hay , so I didn 't worry too much when Colton started climbing into the hayloft .
tr	NN	Did the squid realize what had happened , that he had gotten free ?
tr	NNS	Somehow the act of him feeding her seemed very intimate , something lovers did for one another .
tr	NNS	Looks like Lilla , but taller .
tr	NN	The mortal was putting his life at risk to see the girl safely to Port Henry .
tr	NNS	Small wisps of smoke came from the chair .
tr	NNS	The creatures were everywhere around him .
tr	NNS	" Where 's the checks ? "
tr	NN	The garage was three blocks from the Lombard apartment .
tr	NNS	The four witnesses looked pale and frightened when they came in , and the agitation of the council made them appear smaller , as well .
tr	NN	" What 's the map say ? "
tr	NNS	Americus smiled warmly and tousled Matthew 's hair ; drawing his hand back when the dragon hissed a warning from the collar of the boy 's poncho .
tr	NN	Fortunately , the trailer also has a tow hook , so I have a spare .
tr	NNS	Enormous crashes outside sent tremors through the building .
tr	NNS	The images of his former life dissolved into the clouds of steam billowing around him .
tr	NNS	Others simply didn 't see the problem for both races to live together in harmony and peace .
tr	NN	Sarah 's only consolation was that the relatively slow pace of her own horse would check their speed .
tr	NNS	His awkward lies to the nursing staff were still better than the embarrassing call to the police .
tr	NN	' I 'll take mine white with two sugars , ' Love said .
tr	NN	What 's the status ? "
tr	NNS	The images on the recorder were of Earth a long time ago .
tr	NN	The boot came off , nearly sending her tumbling on her nose .
tr	NNS	Images of the SUV sitting next to his silver Porsche appealed to him .
tr	NNS	There are no guarantees in life . "
tr	NNS	Kris continued to approach , cursing at her , calling her names , threatening to kill her if she didn 't shut up .
tr	NN	Normally such a maneuver would have torn muscle and snapped bone .
tr	NNS	The little hotels are the same , the water 's right here , and here 's the old amusement park my grandparents told me about .
tr	NNS	The two small hills are under a kilometer from the landing site .
tr	NNS	Things must have picked up for you . "
tr	NN	If everyone was dismissed all together after a paper , chaos would definitely ensue .
tr	NN	Another icy stroke hit him .
tr	NNS	The tunnels kept meandering .
tr	NN	" You have my word of honor as a soldier , " said the sergeant .
tr	NN	The click echoed through the silence room .
tr	NNS	Swearing under her breath , Celaena 's wrists ached against the cold iron .
tr	NN	The cafe patrons were crying .
tr	NNS	The white owls perched upon his head beneath the winter moon ; they wiped their beaks and thought him dead under the stars of June .
tr	NN	The lunch whistle blew .
tr	NNS	The appetizers had been delicious .
tr	NN	Part of him wanted to charge back in there and vent more of his rancor at the witch .
tr	NN	A tin can ! "
tr	NN	' What , ' Prophet said .
tr	NN	" So the American colonel escaped you . "
tr	NNS	Now that Council was coming to an end , the wolves would be dispersing , to return to their usual hunting grounds .
tr	NN	Link could almost swear Boo was rol ing his eyes as Link made his way to the door .
tr	NNS	Flames would erupt all around him .
tr	NN	Its power core appears to be solar-powered , and it can generate replacement parts here . "
tr	NN	" The Resistance is large and growing every day .
tr	NNS	Her boobs are almost spilling from her top , black lace creeping up above the neck of her shirt .
tr	NNS	Things get hazy and I don 't remember anything after that . "
tr	NN	Conway and Leclerc moved to close around them , fingering triggers , still facing outward .
tr	NN	Occasionally our old landlord , Tanner , comes .
tr	NN	Even though many feared Shadow , his reputation also made him a target for assassins who were attempting to make a name for themselves by killing him .
tr	NNS	Looks like she 's been drugged .
tr	NNS	Looks like they weren 't interested in killing .
tr	NN	There was no dock .
tr	NN	A chorus of Hear , hear met his pronouncement .
tr	NN	Now that the initial shock and fear had begun to subside , embarrassment flooded her .
tr	NN	Part of me wanted to run after him , but I stopped myself .
tr	NNS	His footsteps echoed out of the small cabin .
tr	NNS	As it approached , I could see the driver through the windshield , sort of leaning forward , forearms wrapped around the steering wheel , scanning .
tr	NNS	" Total confirmed so far is eight hundred thirty-seven , but don 't worry .
tr	NN	There is a mass of forms in front of her , several dozen of her size , if not larger .
tr	NN	The steely glint in her eye told me she 'd shoot us where we stood if we disobeyed .
tr	NNS	Things cannot be perfect and perfectly fucked up at the same time .
tr	NN	" Where is your gratitude , Sebastian ? "
tr	NN	Their neighbor said she saw a man pull into the driveway , retrieve the shears from the lawn and drive away .
tr	NNS	The other two couples and Sylvia discussed Rue 's scarred stomach quite matter-of-factly , as a problem to solve .
tr	NNS	About an hour later Chest jumps down off of the table and picks me up throwing my legs over his left arm .
tr	NN	Where 's the trash heap ? "
tr	NNS	The two members of the phantom only praying the fleet of destroyer class ships hadn 't see them .
tr	NNS	The impeccable rows of homes marched onward , little soldiers on the front lines of suburbia , hoping valiantly they would never meet a tragic end .
tr	NN	The trio followed the old man down the middle of the street .
tr	NNS	Her boxers were already on their way to her ankles , and from then on he made sure the only thing she uttered was a moan .
tr	NN	His blush deepened , and she knew she 'd been right .
tr	NNS	The supplies we brought were just a guess .
tr	NN	Normally , a jab wasn 't strong enough to cause serious damage , but considering Lea 's opponent , the jab was strong enough to do it .
tr	NN	A growl brought her attention to the remaining problem .
tr	NNS	The cartoon characters on the bedspread grinned at him .
tr	NN	The Program is breeding suicide . "
tr	NNS	His cheekbones were strong , and he had just a hint of a cleft in his chin .
tr	NNS	But the fierceness in his voice left me no choice but to scurry off , leaving my carpet bag in the leaves .
tr	NNS	How many traitors were there in the hive ?
tr	NN	Clint grabbed his arm and held him back , certain a stomping was imminent if Teddy violated Edward 's space further .
tr	NNS	Ghostly images of her dream surrounded her in her bed , and she began to cry .
tr	NN	There wasn 't a single pot on the stove or a used dish on the counter .
tr	NNS	His movements , his obvious desperation , prolonged her pleasure , and when she felt his warmth flood her , she was still in bliss .
tr	NN	His stench was horrific .
tr	NN	A torrent of emotion overwhelmed her as she leaned against the wall .
tr	NNS	His buddies closed in as Vaughn lifted his gun .
tr	NNS	The chances of Kilmer possessing a bona fide forensics expert were less than the possibility of my morphing into a six-foot supermodel .
tr	NN	Only a slight wheeze escaped his lips -- no cry of pain or surprise , as he hurtled toward the short wooden railing .
tr	NN	Her spine straightened for the briefest moment before her hand relaxed into mine .
tr	NNS	New associates were always enthusiastic about the ample free food at Prescott & Talbott -- until the freshman fifteen appeared out of nowhere .
tr	NNS	The suns were glowing in the pinkish clouds , at odds with each other and casting two shadows .
tr	NNS	The mud masks left our skin feeling shiny and refreshed .
tr	NN	As we move , the villa seems ominously silent .
tr	NNS	" But where we were heading is the only thing that all of us knew ere the wolves came .
tr	NN	The infection after the bite here didn 't help . "
tr	NNS	The countess lifted the bowl from Madeline 's arms .
tr	NNS	All the teachers had gathered on the dais up front , except for Byron .
tr	NNS	The flakes were huge and airy .
tr	NNS	My clients would cut me up for spare parts if I tried that on . "
tr	NN	To our right , a flashlight cuts through the darkness .
tr	NNS	Her organs were reshaping at a fast rate , both hers and the jaguar 's .
tr	NN	" Your neighbor at the motel heard the commotion in your room and called the police .
tr	NNS	So their shouts declined further still .
tr	NNS	The authorities and the lawyers alike would certainly think Lenny an idiot for hiring a man named Bug .
tr	NN	" Your diligence is wise , master scribe .
tr	NN	Their arrival would allow the enemy to consider attacking the island in full battle strength .
tr	NNS	Low , soothing chanting had filled the air all around her .
tr	NN	" How 's his illegitimate son 's health lately ? "
tr	NNS	Others had towels around their waists or shoulders and were busy talking .
tr	NN	" Gunners , aim a shot over the bow , " the captain ordered .
tr	NNS	" And seventy-five degrees can mean the difference between chattering yourself awake all night and drifting off into a peaceful sleep . "
tr	NN	" A real gentleman wouldn 't have mentioned that . "
tr	NNS	The fairies who watched them never blinked their eyes .
tr	NNS	My sisters ' concerned expressions also touched mine before I looked away .
tr	NNS	Sadness and relief blend in me .
tr	NNS	But the footsteps stopped .
tr	NN	He leaned back in his chair , his crotch angled toward me .
tr	NN	The command was sharp and authoritative .
tr	NNS	Mario 's restaurants are just a cover and a tax dodge . "
tr	NNS	Angelus raised his hand , silencing me .
tr	NN	The NW sector appeared on all the maps and the most official paperwork but it was , to all intents and purposes , hidden .
tr	NNS	Things had started out smoothly enough this evening , but they had wound up disastrously .
tr	NNS	Things hung from the apple trees or were tied to posts all around the place .
tr	NNS	Doors don 't actually go anywhere !
tr	NN	A round oscillating fan rattled away on top of the refrigerator and tried to keep the air circulating as my mother and grandmother prepared dinner .
tr	NNS	The crows hid my terror , scarlet beaks and dark eyes holding close to me as a shield .
tr	NN	A squad of men emerged from the bush that lined the road and surrounded him .
tr	NN	" How 's your injury ? "
tr	NNS	" Folks around here are going to stare and talk no matter what .
tr	NNS	Sadness tinged her smile this time .
tr	NN	Its fur was mottled gray and cream ( like a case of mange , Michael said ) , and its left eye had a permanent squint .
tr	NNS	The members of the Syndicate may be powerful men , but they were cowards as well .
tr	NN	Silver and copper fell in an expensive trickle .
tr	NNS	The clerks and tellers looked up from their work .
tr	NNS	The peaked spires and sheer towers rose like dark talons in the night .
tr	NNS	How could lies be so undetectable ?
tr	NNS	There were thousands of people that had their lost children ; he felt he was just a drop in the ocean .
tr	NN	His low chuckle rumbles through me .
tr	NNS	" Nasty experiments can leave stubborn stains . "
tr	NNS	There weren 't any signs of children , no shoes or toys scattered about .
tr	NNS	The effects are going to be unpredictable enough as it is .
tr	NN	There was far too much innocence in the taste of her .
tr	NNS	The scales tipped always toward the latter .
tr	NNS	And the lies Teresa had told so long ago were still strangling him .
tr	NNS	Things were foggy anyway .
tr	NNS	And his Cubs hat functions as a limited lair as well .
tr	NNS	Greasy strands hung wildly out of her loose bun .
tr	NNS	The front strands of her hair had turned bright white and stood in stark contrast next to the rest of her auburn locks .
tr	NN	" Your only option on this mission is to avoid getting apprehended . "
tr	NNS	" Those costumes are stupid . "
tr	NN	The accent was definitely Eastern European .
tr	NN	The purge is complete as well .
tr	NNS	Elias had missed her heart , but he 'd sure nicked vital organs and made the blood gush from her .
tr	NNS	Clearly there weren 't all that many Lyndon B. Johnson masks around .
tr	NN	My heart leapt and Kaspar 's grip tightened around my hand .
tr	NNS	Romulus asked , sidestepping a mud puddle .
tr	NN	The slow revealing of her expanse of skin nearly caused an explosion in his gut .
tr	NNS	Others tried to hide behind their comrades , dead or alive .
tr	NN	Nope , this birthday was about something even sweeter .
tr	NNS	Even the twins were there !
tr	NNS	Graphic images are easily available with a simple mouse click .
tr	NNS	Others shall soon come .
tr	NNS	The plane tickets will be cheaper and he has a three-bedroom condo there you can borrow . "
tr	NNS	Images of her locked in her room with barely any food made me dig my fingers into the ground .
tr	NNS	The duchess watched her silently for a moment before saying , " After all the trouble you went to ?
tr	NNS	" The usual suspects manned the barricades , and they pelted us with stones and bricks .
tr	NN	How ludicrous the cow had looked , and how silly they 'd been about it .
tr	NNS	Muscles burned off his precious supply of oxygen .
tr	NN	As we had tea , the clattering of hooves became evident .
tr	NNS	Flames shot up the wall as I fumbled with the extinguisher 's seal .
tr	NNS	Three clients called to request changes in their commercials .
tr	NNS	And the flakes were dissolving .
tr	NNS	Though school was out , the teachers were still here , planning our demise for Monday .
tr	NN	The captain stepped aside and gestured to the front door .
tr	NN	The staircase appeared as silently as it had disappeared , not that I actually saw it come out of hiding .
tr	NN	The Convention rose in unison to applaud the general as he climbed the stairs onto the raised dais .
tr	NNS	The two warriors ran toward the forest as fast as they could , with hope that they would find the last two dragons still napping .
tr	NN	The first warrior went down , blood gurgling from his mouth .
tr	NN	" Who 's the idiot who pissed off Acheron ? "
tr	NN	The race is on .
tr	NN	The closer he came to section three the louder the gunfire became .
tr	NN	Renzo 's resolve cracked .
tr	NN	But decorate and exchange presents , hell yes !
tr	NNS	With the constant supply of sliced bread coming over the railing , alligators lined up like boats along a dock , on both sides of the boardwalk .
tr	NNS	Hephaestus looked at his feet the rest of the way up .
tr	NNS	Damn , these cookies are good . "
tr	NN	The store 's attorney , standing a safe distance from the mauling , pointed to the Santa and repeated his assertion .
tr	NN	The bot is gracious .
tr	NN	Os ' mar waved to a seat as I plopped down .
tr	NN	When the door opens with absolutely no sound , the glint of glass reflecting off the overhead light above us flits across my vision .
tr	NNS	Bottles lowered his head .
tr	NNS	My instincts tell me that these people disguised in blue are associated with my attackers .
tr	NN	" But ice cream is a completely acceptable fry dipping sauce ? "
tr	NNS	Thoughts of his father 's death charged his mind like a wild boar .
tr	NNS	The integrator 's three-dimensional images scrolled back to the beginning again and started over .
tr	NNS	Looks like the Japs are gon na give up . "
tr	NN	And that leap in the library - you reminded me of a great jungle cat - is that part of your heritage , too ? "
tr	NNS	The cookies are still good past their expiration date . "
tr	NN	The email stirred up an urgent desire to take a trip north .
tr	NNS	Smells nice , too . "
tr	NN	The proof is covering you head-to-toe .
tr	NN	Having ducked to the side , the ease with which the ninja is able to evade his attacks makes the battle seem extraordinarily one-sided .
tr	NNS	The vamps were feeding .
tr	NNS	Dogs had even stopped barking at her , and she had no choice but to sell her beloved cat .
tr	NNS	" Look , sales of my last book were down .
tr	NN	" My pa wouldn 't be too happy with that , now would he ? "
tr	NNS	The tightness in Dylan 's jaw told Sean that he 'd seen the kisses .
tr	NN	His birthmark brightened and spread more , covering almost all of his face .
tr	NNS	Things that threaten the Darkness and the Light .
tr	NNS	The second and third floors were not accessible to visitors , but the cellars were open to the public .
tr	NN	No offense , " I added to Aislinn , who waved it off .
tr	NN	The intruder was gasping and writhing as if pinned there by some invisible bondage .
tr	NN	To save the damsel in distress , The knight faced claws and searing fire !
tr	NNS	Several murders had happened in the local community over the past week .
tr	NNS	For a while , all these factors made her cold and unapproachable to men in gothic society .
tr	NNS	" But there are wolves in the nearby forest . "
tr	NNS	The creature 's movements became weaker as its struggle against her lessened .
tr	NN	A warrior 's cloth .
tr	NN	His agitation rises and he takes a breath to calm down .
tr	NNS	There are other substantiating factors .
tr	NNS	" As well as eliminating imposters , the trials will determine which position each of you is designated upon Olympia .
tr	NNS	Questions continued to circle around in Eben 's mind .
tr	NNS	Maybe the deaths of our friends weren 't in vain .
tr	NN	The shop was dim , lit only by the cheap lamp on his desk .
tr	NNS	If you do nothing to address this , your opponents will use it against you . "
tr	NNS	More footsteps followed , all of which were bolting and aiming at her door .
tr	NN	And good lord , man , sit down .
tr	NNS	Looks like it 's going to be here for a while .
tr	NNS	He had been alone for far too long , had spent a dozen lifetimes waiting for her .
tr	NNS	" The bound couples in the books I 've read about often outlived their unbound cousins .
tr	NN	The valet answered immediately .
tr	NNS	" Your chances of victory are great against her if you fight her before the sun comes up .
tr	NN	The writing was on the wall : This had been their last chance , and they 'd blown it .
tr	NN	The TV went dark and Karen patted the sofa beside her .
tr	NNS	Critical areas of the station are already under guard . "
tr	NN	His fedora shaded his face from the light .
tr	NNS	The drums twinkled through near darkness .
tr	NN	The hidden laboratory was a storehouse of knowledge .
tr	NN	Her instinct to fight kicked in with a rush of raw rage she 'd never experienced before .
tr	NNS	My cats are ready to move in and now those wretched , fuzzy mice are doing a concert to save the building .
tr	NNS	Black silk boxers didn 't exactly cover a multitude of sins .
tr	NN	There was a thud .
tr	NN	The front page had a delivery address on it .
tr	NNS	Things I 've either been repressing or was just too young to recall are coming back to me full-force .
tr	NN	The author has written a beautiful story that sparks the imagination .
tr	NN	The investigator was a retired cop shared by most of the city 's law firms .
tr	NNS	His footsteps quickened in the hall and passed the closed door .
tr	NN	For her , the History was an excuse , a rationalization for his doing nothing else with his spare time .
tr	NNS	" There are no guarantees in this life .
tr	NNS	" My motives are my own . "
tr	NNS	Things were going so much better than he had hoped .
tr	NN	The studio won 't go for that .
tr	NNS	But the absurd whims in vogue with the nobility are not as important as you think .
tr	NNS	Others , like Brood , guess at what pleases me .
tr	NNS	The world was officially topsy-turvy , cats were living with dogs , and life as she knew it was probably over .
tr	NN	A little bothered , Zane slid his empty sandwich wrapper in his bag and stood up , pacing away to the edge of the clearing .
tr	NN	The pretty receptionist told Bill to take a seat in the reception area and wait until he was called .
tr	NNS	Things do not work here the way they work back at your home . "
tr	NN	The wonderful smells coming from her kitchen seemed to put his curiosity to sleep , but they definitely woke up his appetite .
tr	NN	Another policeman is on the way . "
tr	NNS	Already there are signs of it . "
tr	NNS	" Those aliens attacked us , and earth was destroyed because of what they did .
tr	NNS	After the ordeal of the afternoon , the thousand punches went quickly and soon they were headed for the showers .
tr	NNS	There were whisker burns between her thighs and on her chin .
tr	NN	And a clearer head .
tr	NNS	Soldiers with automatic guns waved them through and they drove past a long line of new arrivals waiting to register .
tr	NN	Apart from the way she filled out the front of the shirt , boys ' clothing went quite well on her slim , willowy figure .
tr	NNS	Our seats were not the front row , I wish , but we were in the tenth row back .
tr	NNS	As I watch its quick successive raps , the edges of my vision flicker and the tarnished white walls of the classroom seem to warp .
tr	NNS	Then her paws hit Jo 's shoulders and she , too , lavished loving kisses .
tr	NN	A chorus of cracks and crunches shoots through me as my back greets the earth and Julie 's weight flattens my chest .
tr	NN	Stopping in front of the illuminated painting he said , " Each canvas will light one at a time .
tr	NNS	There were only four cardinal directions to go .
tr	NNS	Erebus replied , turning his head as if to hear the words better .
tr	NNS	But the hotel restaurants will deliver , so you don 't have to worry about that if you don 't want to . "
tr	NN	Cool air conditioning embraced her naked body , and she immediately glanced down at her thighs .
tr	NN	The gentle sway of the cabin was soothing , sounds of the city a murmur outside .
tr	NNS	Images of her in Damon 's arms in the past caused her to cringe at the idea .
tr	NN	In single file , the drop bay empties of personnel until all that is left is Red and Captain Drake .
tr	NNS	Only insects and vermin will grow in your fields !
tr	NN	The main page was a picture of the pier with a cartoon ghost superimposed on it .
tr	NNS	Names are just words .
tr	NN	" The Opening rune ? "
tr	NNS	Their footsteps got closer , causing me to lower my breathing .
tr	NNS	Signs of life were returning to the landscape , creatures of the day were coming alive .
tr	NN	One lone conviction stood out , like a bright red scarf among drab greys : Aaron has just lost faith in me .
tr	NN	The emotional torrent subsided .
tr	NN	" You , in the meanwhile had gone off with Angus to look for her , and you will be arriving here in about twenty minutes .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , those instincts also told her other things .
tr	NN	" Storm 's still moving in , but my people tell me the satellite link will not be affected .
tr	NNS	" Things are moving fast .
tr	NN	" I am sure all that information is there , " repeated The Manager .
tr	NN	" What 's all the racket ?
tr	NNS	Her abilities were miraculous !
tr	NN	The colonel slammed down the wine bottle .
tr	NNS	Marius , do not be the angry father .
tr	NNS	The passengers are strictly off limits , obviously , and getting involved with a staff member can result in disaster if it blows up .
tr	NNS	The elves could sense magic around the horses , but they weren 't certain what sort of magic it was .
tr	NN	The blacksmith lashed out with its foot , throwing Leah back a bit , and smashed one of the hotel 's windows .
tr	NNS	Sadness wove through her sigh .
tr	NN	" The tour of the city , in particular , was a great kindness ; may I ask , sir , if it was your doing ? "
tr	NN	The escort then stepped to the side .
tr	NNS	When two or more were attacking you , your chances weren 't so good .
tr	NN	" If you don 't mind , we 're having a conversation , " gran snapped at him .
tr	NNS	Money and conquest intoxicated Serge .
tr	NNS	Plans that don 't include you .
tr	NN	A spiral staircase ascended around it and led to the second floor .
tr	NN	Admitting defeat , she got up and made a cup of tea , then stood at the window sipping the hot liquid as she watched the rain .
tr	NNS	The streetlights along the cobblestone paths cast out golden glows , but shadows cloaked the rest of the area .
tr	NN	" A momma 's trail . "
tr	NNS	For the first time in a long time , the cobwebs in my mind cleared , and I felt purpose .
tr	NN	" What was your routine for the last week ? "
tr	NNS	Finally , the gates opened .
tr	NNS	Some movements were more exotic looking than others .
tr	NN	His difficulty was how to express his doubts to this ardent suffering creature .
tr	NN	The fondness for his old car shown in his expression .
tr	NN	A slight thud caused me to turn .
tr	NN	" I honestly don , t know .
tr	NNS	What do these two facts indicate ? "
tr	NNS	The elves were very pale , very beautiful ... but very strange .
tr	NNS	The residual effects of the shadow stone were subtly working on his wounds cleaning the blood , but not the tears from his face .
tr	NN	The quantity and quality of the artifacts had reawakened an interest in the Etruscan society .
tr	NNS	These booms shook the ground as we all fought for balance .
tr	NNS	As a matter of fact , if I remember correctly , the teachers didn 't actually talk that much about the actual site of Dale .
tr	NNS	And his kisses were making it all better , well , almost all better .
tr	NNS	" Snare drums , report to the band room before school tomorrow .
tr	NNS	Dead lovers fused together like lumps of melted cheese .
tr	NNS	When I thought about having a shower , scenes from Psycho began to play through my mind and I cursed myself for being a Hitchcock fan .
tr	NNS	" Unfortunately my functions are limited .
tr	NN	There was a tiny compartment in the back .
tr	NNS	" These ... items , if you will , contain levels of technology that would take us years to decipher , and that 's not all . "
tr	NN	Every inch of me ached .
tr	NN	The pulse fluttered wildly .
tr	NN	Amazingly the shriek of her voice rivalled that of my demon .
tr	NNS	How did the other board members not know what Neilson truly was ? "
tr	NNS	Things had seemed to be working just fine here .
tr	NNS	" According to my Fae source , the gates on the ley lines go to different places in Faerie .
tr	NN	A low growl woke me in the middle of the night .
tr	NN	Elsewhere , however , the mountain slanted back strongly , and even gave her space to lean and rest .
tr	NN	This race is mine .
tr	NN	The slowly circling fan in her room did little more than push the already hot air around .
tr	NN	Rescue was beyond the realm of possibility now .
tr	NNS	There were already thousands of people settled there and working , mining , farming building , creating , mating , amongst other things .
tr	NNS	" Lissa , I 'll make sure the twins know they have an aunt .
tr	NN	The pub has tables outside , so we 're sitting in the sun by the riverbank .
tr	NN	This unwelcome chore had prevented them from enjoying a sausage roll around the warm gas fire , dispelling the prospect of a cushy shift .
tr	NNS	My higher functions offer splendid regulation of my aqueous economy .
tr	NNS	Flames shot up in an upward explosion .
tr	NN	His uncle smiled , the sweat glistening his face and running off his jaw and down his neck , " a hay dance . "
tr	NN	My savior landed us on the ground , and I looked up to find myself staring into Vincent 's dark eyes .
tr	NN	" What 's madness is that with a push of a button , they can knock us all out within seconds . "
tr	NNS	" Yeah , potions and spells are like magical chemistry . "
tr	NN	The oracle had not let her down .
tr	NNS	Others wore gear , but their gear was red .
tr	NN	From each side of the hexagonal center around the Market began each of the other 6 divisions of the city .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of her being out alone , in possible danger , made his stomach clench in fear .
tr	NNS	The ship shudders as the phase drive powers up .
tr	NN	Love looked at Stuart .
tr	NN	His clothing was already nondescript : worn jeans , a battered olive green coat , a wool cap tugged low .
tr	NNS	Different colors were mixed on the walls , as if Michelangelo or Leonardo da Vinci had painted them .
tr	NNS	" Then , duchess , I suggest you take care of this threat to the empire the moment the opportunity presents itself . "
tr	NN	His body language changed and his tone became a defensive one , " Whatever .
tr	NN	The pilot wouldn 't think of it - once out of his cockpit , the man was obviously an imbecile - but the Englishman almost surely would .
tr	NN	The tiny spark of fire in his eyes had turned to a full blaze .
tr	NN	My pager goes off , a text .
tr	NNS	Cars passed in front of me as they left the lot .
tr	NN	Despite the hideous events of the dance , waking in Devon 's arms had lifted her spirits considerably .
tr	NNS	Things like that . "
tr	NN	The choir chanted ancient Russian prayers , clear voices soaring to faraway ceilings in rhythms and tones that humans could never attain , would never hear .
tr	NNS	The nurses entered the baby 's room as we left , pretending they hadn 't been called by the emergency button , fluffing pillows and straightening sheets .
tr	NNS	Soon the forests could not support so many hungry mouths , and Papa sent my brothers out to find their own families .
tr	NN	the boat captain said .
tr	NN	We ' ad to trap rats to get enough to eat . "
tr	NNS	Several viewing screens had been set up , tall and square and white , perched precariously on metal stands .
tr	NNS	Those winds blew down an old Aspen across one of the hiking paths .
tr	NN	The only challenge she hadn 't yet met was the driving lessons .
tr	NNS	Moses who was seventeen by this time , had to explain a lot of things to the youth , who was his senior by almost three years .
tr	NNS	However , as was most times the case , appearances were deceiving .
tr	NN	At that moment a secretary entered and placed some letters on the table .
tr	NNS	Thoughts swarmed upon each other like hornets in their nest .
tr	NN	" Or whatever their motto is . "
tr	NNS	Soldiers laughed at such superstitions .
tr	NN	My publisher almost went nuts , because he wanted to promote it .
tr	NN	Shortly afterwards , a young elf maid appeared and shyly told them that a meal was ready in the common room if they would like to partake .
tr	NNS	His thrusts became soft , almost delicate , as he gradually coaxed my spent body back to life .
tr	NNS	Things had gotten intense with Finn back on Banos Prime , to say the least .
tr	NN	" What 's the progress ? "
tr	NN	A little tremor of hope and excitement went through me .
tr	NNS	Little bits of debris floated to the top swirling in the eddy left behind from the quick fill .
tr	NN	An economic crash , as far as James was concerned , demanded careful rationing of all life 's most basic necessities .
tr	NNS	More puzzling was the school board 's survey .
tr	NNS	The wolves were circling , snarling , and slowly moving forward , knowing that soon they would have an opportunity to close in for the kill .
tr	NNS	The confines of the Beemer echoed with only their panting breaths and the tapping rain .
tr	NNS	The colours of the room faded around her until she vanished from the Brooklyn apartment .
tr	NN	" The dean said it was a requirement of my scholarship . "
tr	NN	The raven jumped up and down excitedly .
tr	NN	As soon as a living thing was even dimly aware of the concept of suddenly becoming a non-living thing , there was Death .
tr	NNS	Many couples married with less in common .
tr	NN	A whistle sounds , and he turns his attention back to the field .
tr	NN	The campsite was just as she had left it .
tr	NNS	Things came tumbling out , as if the barriers she 'd erected in her mind had cracked and started to spill her secrets .
tr	NN	Ferry snapped off the vocoder .
tr	NNS	" His instincts won 't come into play until he 's born . "
tr	NN	The stench made him ill .
tr	NN	" And the laptop is nice and toasty . "
tr	NNS	" How perfectly delightful that would be !
tr	NN	The television illuminated the room in pastel blue .
tr	NNS	Their tongues slid and stroked each other , mimicking their bodies ' motion .
tr	NN	The mausoleum , Daniel realized , was collapsing , and he could only pray he wouldn 't be buried under its rubble .
tr	NN	Soon , the same male orderly came with a tray of food that I immediately opened and ate .
tr	NN	The private sector demanded that the government expand the program to include civilians after statistics showed augmented individuals outperformed their counterparts .
tr	NN	Then a thick comforter engulfed me .
tr	NN	The sheriff waved for Daniel to come closer .
tr	NN	The unfortunate thug 's feet dangled a full foot off the ground .
tr	NNS	The actors were silent .
tr	NN	The defense will say their presence has nothing to do with any alleged abduction back in February .
tr	NN	Each thrust was a frenzy of raging need , each stroke a declaration of control and ownership and vicious , violent need .
tr	NN	' Is Victor the current leader ? '
tr	NNS	Thoughts of him brought a knot of anxiety in her stomach that was both thrilling and terrifying at the same time .
tr	NN	The thrill of pleasure scorched up her arm from the fingers he 'd touched and spread through her whole body .
tr	NN	Love always wins . "
tr	NNS	The creatures paused as they took notice of me .
tr	NNS	Her fingernails are biting into my skin through my shirt .
tr	NN	" And so your race is waiting .
tr	NN	A red , shimmering haze still fell from the tallest structures .
tr	NN	The Driver tip contains the proper electronic access code for the family surprise .
tr	NN	Her instinct on Friday had been correct .
tr	NNS	" You creatures of the night will receive no more shadows .
tr	NNS	" Aiden ... " " Even Bishop feels it would be better if you stayed .
tr	NNS	Two Sentinels flew off leaving three to guard Hannah and Daniel .
tr	NNS	Flowers went to her mother , while vodka went to her father .
tr	NNS	No matter what that little Berry Picker did , the other villagers liked her .
tr	NN	Even her posture was perfect .
tr	NN	There 's an election coming up next year .
tr	NN	" Maybe a lick won 't be enough .
tr	NNS	The ladies dispersed and Kate headed toward the bar .
tr	NNS	The werewolves started ripping up the boards from the pier and pulling people through .
tr	NNS	Her fears increased as the night drew on and Ned began to shiver .
tr	NN	Suddenly , a van pulls up in front of the house , and then another one .
tr	NNS	The roads became deserted .
tr	NNS	Reyes bucked and worked his legs between their bodies .
tr	NNS	The passengers sometimes waited for it to stop to get off , and sometimes they just bailed out .
tr	NN	" Dad 's birthday is coming up . "
tr	NNS	" So , at the end of the interval , Barry 's clients have left . "
tr	NN	The yard was Nora 's garden .
tr	NNS	But facts are facts and we both have to face them .
tr	NN	The passion in her stomach twisted into knots of tension , and she winced .
tr	NN	Besides , the lieutenant and I have business , as well . "
tr	NN	The strange and unsettling aura she carried wrapped around me , and I shivered as I looked up at her .
tr	NN	The agenda for today 's lesson was to see the reaction of each chemical when mix with water and vinegar .
tr	NN	The Secretary is expecting you , " the agent said .
tr	NN	" What 's your malpractice limit ? "
tr	NNS	Lately his interviews weren 't so very neutral .
tr	NN	Black clothing , piercings , and hair that ran in extremes : shaved or super long .
tr	NN	An intricately carved mahogany desk was angled in the far corner , facing the bank of windows on the opposite side .
tr	NN	A thick layer of trees waved beneath them , frogs croaked from a hidden hollow , and a zip line swayed in the breeze .
tr	NNS	Some other mothers were crying and holding their children as the Guardian wrenched them away and led them onto the aircraft .
tr	NN	The spider moved in slowly , rearing shakily on its weakened legs .
tr	NN	When the boxes from Grace arrived , the unit hovered around me like vultures and would randomly grab stuff out of the box .
tr	NNS	Audience members were beginning to grow impatient and started to chatter amongst themselves .
tr	NN	The photograph of Whitney printed in a subsequent edition along with Howard 's , and Richard Whiting 's , commanded Terrance 's full attention .
tr	NN	The government had made him , honed him .
tr	NN	Then the dwarf smiled .
tr	NN	" Some years ago , a priest in Romania - " " Father Hummer . "
tr	NNS	There were battle horns .
tr	NN	A massive chandelier hung centrally to the entire affair ; the light was bright and intense , and lit most of the room .
tr	NN	The lead investigator , Russell Watts , walked gingerly among the remains .
tr	NN	His French accent needed work .
tr	NN	Even now , a trickle of water meandered through the disintegrating concrete under Ethan 's feet .
tr	NN	Surely there was some rational explanation .
tr	NNS	Her characters are a rare and refreshing mix of honesty and sincerity , and their love scenes are powerfully emotional . "
tr	NN	Taking no note of time , the audience was absorbing the scene , expecting the boy to run and hug his father .
tr	NNS	Things are going to get even bloodier .
tr	NNS	Anger and sadness ripped through him , feeding the beast within .
tr	NNS	Tiled mosaic screens set up in clusters around the platform flashed in all the colors of the rainbow .
tr	NN	A single stroke of his hand up her thigh and under her gown reminded Myra of where she was .
tr	NNS	Isaiah 's quarters were comfortable but modest , behind an unassuming storefront in Underground Atlanta .
tr	NN	Best defense against getting rammed is to make sure everyone can see you . "
tr	NNS	Sometimes , the winds off the Balearic Sea were strong enough to make windsurfing and kite sailing popular with many of the locals .
tr	NNS	These rolling hills were treacherous when wind filled the deep ditches on each side of the road with snow and everything looked level and white .
tr	NNS	There are too many chances for things to go wrong .
tr	NN	-3 - At seven Saturday morning I woke to Mom 's voice , a raven screech ravaged from cheap alcohol and cigarettes .
tr	NN	" And our government thinks this is a good idea because ... ? "
tr	NN	The roar of the crowd indicated that they agreed happily to these proposals .
tr	NN	The cars gas tank went next , and the screaming stopped abruptly .
tr	NN	A brief glint of crazy jealousy fired within her .
tr	NNS	His eyelids snapped open .
tr	NN	" Love can change a person . "
tr	NN	' Stunned ' would be a better description .
tr	NN	For all of her support throughout the writing process .
tr	NN	His mind shield had been too strong to penetrate .
tr	NN	The conning tower hatch slammed shut and the boat again dived into the depths of the lake .
tr	NNS	Makes sense don 't you think ? "
tr	NN	There was a splintering crash , and a bony hand smashed through the door to grab Edwin 's shoulder .
tr	NNS	Girls walked in their long , pretty dresses , hems untouched by dust .
tr	NN	Part of her took comfort in his need to see her .
tr	NN	The redhead glanced over at her mistress , the faintest of smiles on lips .
tr	NN	And the abduction happened so fast .
tr	NNS	Her chances of getting pregnant today were slim .
tr	NN	" A delightful notion , but a mere dream . "
tr	NN	For many years the sun shone on us and life was good .
tr	NN	Thompson 's hand blindly searched the desktop and found a heavy , metallic staple gun .
tr	NNS	His movements were slow and deliberate .
tr	NNS	" You ladies got a coin for a poor lad , down on his luck ?
tr	NNS	Are more werewolves detained in cities or in the country ? "
tr	NN	A gentleman talking with the Prince nodded in my direction and then he turned around .
tr	NNS	After that , both boxers start to head to their respective corners , with Payton sliding like nothing , while Lea slid with uneven movements .
tr	NN	' And then the guilt , to even think about doing that , to my own child .
tr	NNS	Our situations are so different , yet somehow I feel like I know exactly where she 's coming from .
tr	NN	The trio remained silent , eager to hear what the woman would say next .
tr	NN	The publisher , or publishers , would pick stories off the Internet , print them in a newsletter format , and share them .
tr	NN	A staircase fell beneath the hatch and into the darkness below .
tr	NN	The Shifter race was diminishing .
tr	NN	Beneath relief , gratitude , and indignation was a growing sense of horror .
tr	NNS	His motives in that were not entirely altruistic .
tr	NN	My daddy told me to report to the Observation Tower for a great big surprise of my new job , since I am technically an adult .
tr	NNS	Things were so good and I knew if you knew it would ruin everything .
tr	NN	( Her T-shirt wasn 't any protection from the cold .
tr	NNS	" That 's a gateway , " al ' Thor said as the line of light turned around , opening a large black hole in the air .
tr	NNS	Hands grabbed at her ankles .
tr	NNS	" Your humble servants await , m ' lady . "
tr	NNS	The surviving assailants gathered atop the deck or off in a scarred boat tied to the starboard rail .
tr	NNS	Slowly , my clients became wealthier , more important , higher profile .
tr	NNS	" What good are fairy tales if we can 't even find our way ? "
tr	NNS	In retrospect , her grandparents were probably wise not to tell her about the adoption .
tr	NN	12 Idaho HE pulled into the Hilton Gardens hotel in Boise and walked up to the front desk .
tr	NNS	All the ladies had their own card night and they even started reading the same books just to have things to talk about .
tr	NN	My balance took a hit as I gripped the wall to keep me steady .
tr	NNS	" Two shots in the back , so we still don 't know how it happened .
tr	NN	My ex-girlfriend didn 't take it well when I ended things and she let that be known in the press .
tr	NNS	Dirt roads dissected the passing countryside and an occasional farmhouse or red barn rose in the distance .
tr	NNS	The speeches were eloquent but pandering .
tr	NNS	My contacts said they didn 't want to burden him in his state .
tr	NNS	The cookies looked like plaster .
tr	NNS	What were the chances that the two terminals he 'd selected would go on the blink ?
tr	NNS	Guns began going off and their mind blocks were up .
tr	NN	With the gods fading , even temporary unemployment wasn 't safe .
tr	NNS	Hands so comfortable flying an airplane fumbled a bit in fitting the bulky comforter around tiny shoulders , not that it stalled him in the task .
tr	NNS	All other differences are largely cultural .
tr	NN	Reality splits into hues .
tr	NNS	The letters are faded but still readable .
tr	NN	An empty pitcher was dangling from one of the man 's hands .
tr	NNS	* * * Chapter 36 Kay hated to see the pack members return to their own homes after the funeral .
tr	NN	Her slow sultry walk swayed her hips with motions of seduction .
tr	NNS	Thoughts were slippery and transient , faint scents on a frigid wind , too far away to catch .
tr	NN	Barry 's mistaken defense of the town against friendly forces had ripped the troops apart , but they were mostly back together now .
tr	NNS	His professors had agreed to let Eric complete his final exams online .
tr	NNS	The twins began to cry again .
tr	NNS	The sprites looked at one another then back to them .
tr	NN	Part of her wished that she could somehow avoid going to the grove tonight .
tr	NN	" There 's a market for old paintings on Ebay , if they 're well-done .
tr	NNS	The cobblestones of the large boulevards were washed away , the roads turned to dirt .
tr	NNS	The areas would remain barren if the crucial top layers were not replaced -- no plant life , no animals .
tr	NN	There was an ugly divorce that cost Jarrett dearly .
tr	NNS	What were the chances she 'd see him there ?
tr	NNS	And the strings were slack .
tr	NNS	The colorful pillows perfectly arranged .
tr	NNS	The rats followed as if they were on string .
tr	NN	As if aware he was drawing attention , Starkweather had nodded once , sharply , turned , and walked off , his ragged cloak blowing behind him .
tr	NNS	6 Nicolas showed his firm intention .
tr	NNS	Those techniques are very effective , especially when the victims are old and sick . "
tr	NNS	Tiny rainbows shimmered in the droplets as the form of a large , black horse appeared .
tr	NN	The technique went underground both here and on the Other Side .
tr	NNS	" The videos will explain everything . "
tr	NN	While the Christian Caucus had attempted a ban on internet porn previously , a tax on downloads would hit people in their wallets .
tr	NNS	Both actions could bring them a ton of trouble .
tr	NNS	Your leaders have not protected you .
tr	NN	The celebration came to a halt when a little boy pointed to Mount Mary .
tr	NN	A small bright spark shone in its long jaws .
tr	NN	The dragon plunged into the depths , his fiery soul boiling the water wherever he swam .
tr	NNS	Those baby blues filled with hot anger and something else .
tr	NNS	Lots of girls find him hot , and I 'm sure he does really well with plenty of them .
tr	NNS	Maybe our disappearances would have caused one too many questions .
tr	NNS	The strings parted , and something accelerated away , towards the snow and the stars .
tr	NNS	The three bars displayed were all blue .
tr	NN	The march north will surely take time . "
tr	NNS	Sadness seemed to emanate from her as she stared down at the ground .
tr	NN	Bethany , ever the deep sleeper , peered at him confused and groggily rubbing her eyes .
tr	NN	Her grandmother was nowhere to be seen .
tr	NNS	As the training continued , my teachings escalated from her learning moves to applying them in fights to shifting quickly and fluidly from one to another .
tr	NNS	More often than not , our fights only ended when one of us stormed out .
tr	NNS	The twins return , each holding a red colored beverage .
tr	NN	my grandmother calls out as she winds her way through the mass of people milling around .
tr	NN	The routine was get in , get it on , get off , and then get gone .
tr	NN	The archangel paused and pushed his hands into the pockets of his Western business slacks .
tr	NNS	The emptiness was back - reality so harsh and brutal that she couldn 't bear it a moment longer .
tr	NNS	Our fathers themselves changed the horizon of their belief and learned of other races .
tr	NNS	The newspapers had gone out completely .
tr	NN	The trio of prophecy must bring the book to the First Angel for his blessing .
tr	NNS	The drones crowding the railcar today remind me of the people who were riding the one that was stopped that day six years ago .
tr	NN	Yellow caution tape stretched from tree to tree creating an abundance of X shaped borders around the whole area .
tr	NN	There 's the ferry , though ?
tr	NNS	Even the hypothetical images were useful in sorting out the possibilities .
tr	NNS	The media went nuts over the yogurt store 's graffiti on the morning news .
tr	NN	The priest mumbled a toothless , mechanical response .
tr	NN	My grandmother ran into the hallway , looking worried .
tr	NNS	The desperate kisses soon turned into long , lingering ones .
tr	NNS	Moses stepped up onto the small stage .
tr	NNS	Barnabas gave me a slight shrug , and I started to relax .
tr	NNS	Those two big spotlights on the top of the screen really shed a lot of light . "
tr	NNS	We were conducting research , experiments , " Ben replied .
tr	NNS	Alexis says as she lays her head against the cushioned armrest .
tr	NN	" Their declining popularity and funding had become dangerous on so many levels . "
tr	NN	Our singer starts at nine . "
tr	NN	" Our ambush was set further down the trail , " said their tall leader .
tr	NN	Her attire now consisted of only a bronzed colored laced matching panty and bra set .
tr	NN	her grandmother had chuffed at her .
tr	NN	The flit let out a sharp cry as her heavy body slammed into him .
tr	NN	The ambassador sat at the table , which was piled high with food .
tr	NN	The pilot quickly accelerated , which caused the nose of the helicopter to angle downwards .
tr	NNS	Then in decreasing order of priority the remaining planes would land .
tr	NN	" Her grandmother is recovering from a stroke in the room next door .
tr	NN	An iPod blared on the table .
tr	NN	The melody was like nothing Joni had ever heard .
tr	NN	The panel was bent and seared , ripped through like a piece of paper .
tr	NNS	Your peoples ' notions of justice and law are interesting , if ineffective .
tr	NN	" Hello , " my muffled greeting struggled out from beneath my veil .
tr	NNS	Looks like there was some trouble at your place over the weekend . "
tr	NNS	If she couldn 't get him to break free , then both werewolves might die .
tr	NNS	Rawlings was standing next to her , looking toward her father 's land .
tr	NNS	Others appeared more concerned with catching the ashes raining down from the fireworks display than with where they stood .
tr	NN	The whole left wing of the house is empty .
tr	NN	Despite the warm rain on my head , a tremor rolls through me .
tr	NNS	There are several known mercenaries we 've brought down , which proves whoever is behind the attack doesn 't have a strong loyal following . "
tr	NN	" Then I 'd recommend you wait until he can accompany you inside , " the deputy said .
tr	NNS	The pink letters , the threats , the sister of the devil , just like with Connie Fenton .
tr	NNS	" How bad are the burns ? "
tr	NN	The hulking young Knight Terra grunted as the little Cursor elbowed him and stepped a bit away .
tr	NN	The divorce screwed her up more than she 'll ever admit and her bitch of a sister blames her for causing it .
tr	NNS	My instincts had been way off the mark before .
tr	NN	The guilt clawed at her .
tr	NN	What was the creep doing ?
tr	NN	There was a light click when he cracked it open .
tr	NN	To the north and west lies the cold and grey Sea .
tr	NNS	The chances of her going to Justin 's fraternity party were as close to zero as possible .
tr	NN	His partner in crime looked sideways at the guy with the fresh syringe in hand .
tr	NNS	Girls so drunk they could hardly stand up were pawing at me , and the noise of the band overloaded my senses .
tr	NN	His absence felt like a gaping hole in her personal universe .
tr	NNS	Cars started coming into the school driveway shortly after Lydia and Margie finished the supper dishes and listened to the news .
tr	NN	Even a hooker was above that .
tr	NNS	The ruins receded and she stared at the destruction of what had once been her home .
tr	NNS	Words sometimes come with a delayed fuse , and these did .
tr	NN	The tip was sufficient to move Homeland Security 's rapid response team into action .
tr	NNS	My movements took on a more desperate action .
tr	NN	The appeal had merely been the riddle of it .
tr	NN	The wicked glint in cerulean eyes so like Ethan 's made Kelly doubt the woman 's word .
tr	NNS	His nostrils immediately flared and the line between his eyebrows deepened as he stared at the study door .
tr	NN	The priest picked his words carefully .
tr	NNS	Maris shut his eyes and stood there , waiting .
tr	NNS	Looks like I 've been spelled for dinner .
tr	NN	The massive tail arched high above them , disappearing into the gloom and making them all feel very small and a little vulnerable .
tr	NN	The potent , strong fragrance of happiness still bloomed in him , the sense of being - for the first time in his dull life - useful .
tr	NN	The deputy left town in disgrace .
tr	NNS	The ladies always love a man who can play an instrument ! "
tr	NNS	In it was my father 's card and necklace , items my grandmother sometimes muttered about in her sleep . "
tr	NN	" Lie back . "
tr	NN	The control panel looked ready-made to fly an alien spacecraft .
tr	NNS	Frame documents littered one side of the room to show his many achievements .
tr	NNS	Things said in the heat of the moment never count .
tr	NNS	Apparently explanations would have to wait .
tr	NN	The evil Book was testing Josh .
tr	NN	And a backup phone .
tr	NN	Right now that crooked bastard is my only hope .
tr	NNS	' Where are the twins ? '
tr	NNS	The burgers were fantastic , nice and thick , and though the French fries were a bit too greasy , they hit the spot .
tr	NN	Her gown reeked from the rancid water that had doused her and her fingers , now stiff and swollen , throbbed constantly .
tr	NN	There was no malice but undeniably a slight edge of superiority in the question , and in the smiles exchanged by the naval men .
tr	NN	The husky was powerless to resist , as weak in the shape 's grip as a newborn puppy .
tr	NNS	This 1977 red Mustang was Vincent 's pride and joy .
tr	NN	He actually enjoyed the condition , had cultivated the persona .
tr	NN	The arrangement here was crucial because the frame was only so wide .
tr	NNS	The nurses motioned towards the bed again .
tr	NN	The martini was too dry and the conversation too numbing .
tr	NN	" The Imperator has that power , and you hold a great deal of influence over the Imperator , " the senator countered .
tr	NNS	The other classmates stand up around me in agreement .
tr	NN	And then , like a flash , some genius struck out an idea that fired the world .
tr	NN	This serene environment was my getaway from reality .
tr	NN	Behind him , a long scaly tail twitched .
tr	NN	The majority of girls I know would feel privileged just to be in the same room as him .
tr	NN	The girl 's blush deepened .
tr	NN	Just the same domineering look he always has when he expects information from me .
tr	NN	Located in Bruneau , Idaho , about seventy miles south of Boise , the ranch had everything they would need .
tr	NNS	The nearly identical rows of tiny indentations made me queasy and also reminded me of one of my old Instructors .
tr	NNS	8 June 1843 The nurses reported that they made out a word today .
tr	NN	The teacher shrugged , nodded and moved further down the corridor .
tr	NN	A thrill ran through Ian at being praised .
tr	NN	His headset buzzed with reassurance from his climbing partner , Hugh " Slow Hand " Franco .
tr	NNS	The strands were now a plain brown .
tr	NNS	The bathing suits , on the other hand , were a bit too risque for her taste .
tr	NN	The first bullet hits the wall .
tr	NNS	Their tongues met and dueled .
tr	NNS	" And my screens are so small .
tr	NN	" Who 's the chick ? "
tr	NNS	What do those letters mean ? "
tr	NNS	Things like that don 't exist .
tr	NN	Each creak of board was a nerve wracking chill , an icy tendril of fear that played at the back of her neck .
tr	NNS	Kris merely frowned and scowled .
tr	NN	The thug pointed at Seth 's hands .
tr	NN	Once they adjusted , the maneuver would swiftly bring us into close range . "
tr	NN	His spine cracked as he stretched his old frame .
tr	NNS	The wolves should behave themselves out there .
tr	NNS	He wanted his ranch in Wyoming , no strings attached .
tr	NNS	Things had gotten a lot worse after Basha and his companions had run off .
tr	NN	" Your mother always was a storyteller , " my grandmother informed me .
tr	NN	This sacrifice would save her daughter and that 's all that mattered .
tr	NNS	Would the wolves feel they owed their allegiance to him ?
tr	NNS	These claims are the tapestry of data that this fictional story is written upon .
tr	NN	Then the thong panties between her legs , beckoning to him .
tr	NN	The great knocker at the main entrance resonated throughout the palazzo .
tr	NNS	The mercenaries at the redoubt in the mountain pass had been happy to continue their contract with the new lord .
tr	NN	Her pulse raced beneath his touch .
tr	NNS	Her pupils flared briefly , and she nodded .
tr	NN	On the top of the stack rested the photograph of the man who had thwarted his actions at the university last night .
tr	NN	The flight map showed that we were already over Maine .
tr	NN	The teacher pulled their papers away from them and quickly graded them .
tr	NNS	" Things aren 't going quite the way I expected , that 's all . "
tr	NNS	" The nurses out in the hallway said you were all ready to go . "
tr	NNS	More cramps rippled down her calves , paralyzing her feet .
tr	NNS	That night , the original settlers decided we needed some rules to follow ; each of us should serve a purpose .
tr	NNS	The cruisers paused at the intersection before driving out of sight .
tr	NN	Twice , Ferry reached toward her , and twice pulled back .
tr	NN	Ephraim 's scowl grew larger .
tr	NNS	The boxers and the runner 's calves didn 't hurt matters .
tr	NN	A gleam of purpose burned into the dark eyes .
tr	NNS	There are tens of thousands of holders who live between here and Riva .
tr	NN	She wanted to trace each groove and slash and plane that painted his face in complexity , wanted to touch each radiation of character .
tr	NN	The intruder pulled her by the hair and dragged her down the hall towards her husband 's voice .
tr	NN	Now the break-in came back again .
tr	NNS	Looks like they ´ re rather large human beings of humanoids of some sort .
tr	NNS	How much was lies ? "
tr	NN	Some medicine - " He gave her a sad smile .
tr	NN	Part of my sandwich flew out of my mouth and I doubled over , winded .
tr	NNS	" I wan na go home , " Sasha whispers , his tone thick with tears .
tr	NNS	My voice shudders like it always does whenever I speak my feelings aloud .
tr	NNS	Flames from the fire cast bright red and orange light across his angular face and unblinking eyes .
tr	NN	Her gentle manner encouraged everybody to come to her with their problems , and her wisdom kept them coming back .
tr	NN	" Your pilot gave Eric the coordinates of the factory .
tr	NN	Or if the new Vampires arrival is just coincidental , but then , why would Lexus warn me to stay away from him ?
tr	NN	Ahead , a flashlight ignited , spearing the room with a dazzling brightness .
tr	NNS	The roads were devoid of people or vehicles .
tr	NNS	As it dipped below the mountainous horizon , the brilliant , fiery colors gave way to purples and blues .
tr	NNS	Things are happening for a reason . "
tr	NNS	But then the grainy images scrolling across the screen could be any woman .
tr	NN	Finally , when my legs were starting to develop pins and needles , the receptionist hung up and came back to me .
tr	NN	Love had to remind himself why they were there .
tr	NNS	" Yes , but will the villagers sell ? "
tr	NN	And this American gangster was telling her that her great-grandmother stubbornly refused countless opportunities to make a life with the man she loved so desperately .
tr	NNS	Wings beat strongly , lifting him into the sky , straight for the jutting rock surface rising above the treetops .
tr	NNS	" What do mages need with swords ? "
tr	NN	Poor fellow , I think he believed it and was as disappointed as the rest of them . "
tr	NNS	Author 's Note Savvy readers will notice this is book 3 in the series when book 2 has not yet been published .
tr	NN	Of course , my uncle did not know the true nature of the appointment .
tr	NNS	Proud warriors waited , their beards twisted and braided like the barbarian chieftains of old .
tr	NNS	Usually , you know , legends are just a poor memory of something that happened so long ago no one knows the true story anymore .
tr	NNS	" Just a small one , " the duchess replied .
tr	NNS	The tight tongues made this ass plant another dead bird and throw them off track .
tr	NNS	" Dogs are more dangerous than cats .
tr	NN	Again a flutter of indecision settled in his gut .
tr	NNS	Things were good at first , but then Pete 's jealousy started worrying me .
tr	NN	His accent was annoying .
tr	NNS	Officials tell us that the otherwise small town was targeted due to a parade celebrating many local and regional government officials .
tr	NNS	Questions filled my mind , and I did not know what to say .
tr	NN	The hunter paused midway down the steps .
tr	NN	The carpet muffled her wild , racking sobs , but every one of them was like a dagger driving into his chest .
tr	NNS	Ahead , several electric golf carts await the guests , each with a waiting driver .
tr	NNS	Flames filled the room with a soothing glow .
tr	NN	Soon the knight found that dancing , and other amusements , could be at least as tiring as warfare .
tr	NNS	The detectives had no evidence to arrest Jimmie , and released him , not even ten minutes after Marcus DeLuca arrived .
tr	NN	The comely medic approached them and said , " Gentlemen , I can help you out now .
tr	NNS	Their expressions were just as anxious and fearful as my own .
tr	NN	" That crazed bitch took Izzy ? "
tr	NNS	What were your hobbies ? "
tr	NN	Every stroke of his tongue intensified the need building .
tr	NN	Part of me wants him to step in and send her packing .
tr	NN	An ambulance siren wailed somewhere nearby .
tr	NN	A badge identified him as an employee of the Ministry of Manna .
tr	NN	There were a multitude of scratches , and I could see bruises starting to form .
tr	NNS	My abilities to read Marlena 's mind , may be of use .
tr	NN	My grandmother and great-grandmother 's names are above it . "
tr	NN	My only consolation lay in the fact that if our kidnappers had wanted us dead , they could have just shot us .
tr	NNS	The millions in the refugee camps will not allow it , the generations living behind the Apartheid Wall , will not allow it .
tr	NNS	Though rusted and brown in sections , the coils of metal remain deadly sharp .
tr	NNS	The boards covering the windows shot out .
tr	NNS	All these hotels want to take their money .
tr	NN	Most Hittite art took the form of bas-relief or sculpture , and he wasn 't sure they 'd got the hang of painting .
tr	NNS	" The ducks are fine and the rabbits ... well , I think I saw them just kind of floating around . "
tr	NN	His long-term intern , Jake handled some of the other deliveries , but Trace always went to Bailey 's himself .
tr	NN	Didn 't his sponsor bother to properly clothe him ?
tr	NNS	The first bars of Girls Just Want to Have Fun started right as we reached the stage .
tr	NN	Hair and dress were exactly the same .
tr	NNS	My nostrils flared as I sensed my victory .
tr	NN	The Guards fol owed us , but Lucian waved them off .
tr	NNS	Rags only partly covered her gaunt frame , revealing half-naked limbs strangely unnatural in appearance .
tr	NNS	There was generally limitless possibilities in the kitchen .
tr	NN	" I know , " said the unicorn .
tr	NN	Your uncle hasn 't said he wants to stay . "
tr	NNS	The national schedules were much more difficult to influence , and they hadn 't yet been able to confirm when it could be shown .
tr	NN	The sleek glide of her ponytail through his fingers sent electric shocks bolting straight through him , making him hard and hungry for more of her .
tr	NN	" When will your daddy be home ? "
tr	NN	And yet the baron had been the baron .
tr	NN	If she let those two continue either this kitten would lose its mother or the boy would lose his life .
tr	NNS	" And these texts prove it . "
tr	NN	The Jeep rocketed forward as the dead man 's foot stomped down hard , slamming into the tree ahead .
tr	NNS	He knows where I like to go , tracks my movements .
tr	NN	Her liberty was to be short-lived .
tr	NNS	The accusations Rusty had hurled at Donovan still rang in Travis 's ears .
tr	NN	The desk sergeant answered .
tr	NN	The prison of the hut was closing in on her -- the dimness , the smell , the monotony of nothing to do .
tr	NN	A blush rose to her cheeks before she quickly padded into her room and slammed the door .
tr	NN	In turn , the guilt for betraying Mary would eat away at her soul .
tr	NN	This chick didn 't play around .
tr	NN	" What is that habit , Fitzwilliam ? "
tr	NNS	If I find something out of normal , there are further tests to do .
tr	NN	Real y , though , there was nothing to be done with either idiot .
tr	NN	" The Pit , the Pit , " became a horrendous chant within the obsidian cavern .
tr	NN	the policeman inquired , more disheartened now than he was when he first saw the bodies .
tr	NNS	One by one Tami 's relatives came up to say their last good-bye and put a rose on the casket .
tr	NNS	" Or perhaps the passengers never got into the coach in the first place . "
tr	NN	His likes and dislikes or his relationship history , which must be pretty extensive , old as he was .
tr	NNS	" What are your ideas so far ? "
tr	NNS	Long before she had reached the two , strong winds hit K and flung her into the air .
tr	NNS	Old skills have been dusted down .
tr	NNS	Adonis was a citizen of my realm now , and I sat frozen in my throne as Hermes explained what had happened .
tr	NNS	The seats were full by the time the men , boys and knights that were to compete entered the battle arena .
tr	NN	Every sentence began with some version of It 'll be so cool ... Zach held Lexi 's hand , squeezing it just a little too hard .
tr	NN	" A little modern , but the gist of the idea comes across . "
tr	NN	' Work and money , ' replied Red , seeing the contradiction in his own words and laughing at it .
tr	NN	Their classmate continued to study them , as if she wasn 't sure what to think .
tr	NN	To Emelia this observation conveyed not awe at the structures but sorrow at the sterility of a city that had never advanced past its triumphs .
tr	NNS	The mattress and pillows beckoned her to enjoy their comfort .
tr	NNS	The risks we took putting you in there were more than worth it . "
tr	NNS	Several servants had left due to his abuse .
tr	NNS	The berries were out , although they weren 't really ripe yet .
tr	NN	This chip you implanted in me , it 's experimental , isn 't it ? "
tr	NN	" I said hold your fire , " warned the older fellow .
tr	NNS	Thoughts scrambled and screamed through my mind .
tr	NNS	With a series of plops and gurgles , the sprites vanished into the water .
tr	NNS	His ancestors had certainly known how to live .
tr	NNS	Her pupils went wide with awareness and a surge of victory pumped through him .
tr	NN	It was three years since he 'd sailed into the harbour here too , a deep bay protected by arching breakwaters of stone filled with sand .
tr	NN	The cafeteria is buzzing with the story .
tr	NNS	" Punitive damages would be easy . "
tr	NN	The punk held up both hands and stepped backward .
tr	NNS	At last I grabbed a pen and wrote it all down , even the bits I 'd left out last night .
tr	NNS	Smaller tunnels connected all of the perimeter buildings to the domed building like giant spokes on a wheel .
tr	NNS	" The nurses , " Cora said .
tr	NN	The sudden weakness in my knees begs me to sit down .
tr	NNS	Then the images disappeared .
tr	NN	The air-conditioning in the old building was on its last legs and the precinct was as sweltering inside as it was outside .
tr	NNS	Her insults had no effect on him .
tr	NN	The bruise at her hairline was a sickly shade of purple and green .
tr	NN	The policeman , Officer James Thompson according to his nametag , said it like it was far from being simple .
tr	NNS	" And close the window so those cats don 't get in . "
tr	NNS	" Two triangles crossed to form a six-point star ? "
tr	NN	Brady 's hands deftly found the side zipper and pulled it down to her hip .
tr	NN	The angel spread her wings and disappeared into the night sky .
tr	NNS	Empty seats at the back of the room were much higher than those at the front .
tr	NN	This route is a little out of the way -- however , she feels that there has to be a reason .
tr	NNS	Despite the very late hour , servants moved in and out , piling up furniture , paintings , vases , and small sculptures .
tr	NN	His integrity touched something in her , made her yearn for the days when she , too , used to be forthright .
tr	NN	Each time Jo provides milk to his son .
tr	NN	Her last unexpected arrival had unpleasant consequences , still too fresh in his memory .
tr	NN	His sweetheart shot like an arrow straight through her heart .
tr	NN	" So how was your session ? "
tr	NNS	Bugs shouted , breaking the concentration of everyone on stage .
tr	NNS	After feasting on his blood , the worms would have set about repairing and preserving him .
tr	NNS	Dim rows of pews stretched toward the altar , and a bank of candles glowed like a bed of sparks against the far wall .
tr	NN	From the window , the trio watched the band , wearing red blazers and black trousers , march by .
tr	NN	A measure of serenity settled over her shoulders as soon as she entered its cool , damp walls .
tr	NNS	Moments later , several tall , cloaked figures with skin of the dead and soulless glowing eyes emerge from the trees and surround us .
tr	NNS	The interior is just as sleek as the outside , the leather seats are gray and black and super comfortable .
tr	NNS	The only objects that did not change were people , retaining their white skin .
tr	NN	Her floor-length gown flowed around her in a soft cloud of gossamer fabric .
tr	NNS	Diamond studs glittered in each ear .
tr	NNS	The two figures now stood above me staring .
tr	NN	Alyssa 's birthday was a year away .
tr	NN	rookie mage , the warrior will likely win .
tr	NN	" There was an ice dragon , and it scared everybody .
tr	NNS	Their tongues dueled and rolled and their teeth scraped .
tr	NN	The pit was as I 'd left it : no construction workers , no added supplies , no progress toward whatever was supposed to fill this hole .
tr	NN	A ruffling flutter on the wind gave both boys pause .
tr	NNS	These two ladies avoid speaking to each other as well , exchanging poisonous looks .
tr	NNS	A thousand insecurities played out in the depths of her green eyes , worries and fears and needs .
tr	NN	The reunion did not progress as he hoped .
tr	NN	Her teacher cleared his throat .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared just the tiniest bit as she was forced to step forward into the handshake .
tr	NN	The hunger in his eyes was still there , but so was a hint of anger that she couldn 't possibly miss .
tr	NN	" If you suggest that I take your father 's place , the transition will be smooth .
tr	NN	The square was suddenly full of men in white robes .
tr	NN	Your soul mate decided by the universe , right ? "
tr	NNS	Since Karen had started dating Michael the media and plenty of freelance photographers were often close by snapping pictures of her .
tr	NNS	Romulus asked a few days later .
tr	NN	" Perhaps the reward is worth the danger .
tr	NN	Now goodnight and I will see you soon . "
tr	NN	A flashlight would have been safer around all that hay , but my pa was being thrifty as well as old fashioned .
tr	NNS	Achilles raced between the creature 's leg and gave a vicious upward cut into its groin .
tr	NN	The only person Marcie could ever empathize with was herself .
tr	NNS	" How are rehearsals coming on ?
tr	NN	The Everlasting Storm means airstrikes would have to fly in low and vulnerable .
tr	NN	His low chuckle drifted through her ears .
tr	NNS	My antics with the coffee dregs and the lace curtain would have attracted attention if nothing else had .
tr	NNS	A dozen images , long forgotten , surged through his mind , bringing a bittersweet smile to his lips .
tr	NN	If the opponent was able to get by the swordsman 's defenses the knife fighter would step in and deflect the blade .
tr	NN	What would the Amaranth tribe do to him after so many years ?
tr	NN	His casual attire of jeans and long-sleeved shirt didn 't help in identifying his role .
tr	NN	Along with smarmy Sam , life 's impossible tourist , a trucker 's death draws Joyce down the last highway into the desert 's beating heart .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of his daughter rose to the surface .
tr	NN	Which reminds me , how is the bastard ? "
tr	NN	Our dossier on him is pretty flat .
tr	NN	The grove which crowned the island appeared to be mostly willows with long , trailing branches .
tr	NNS	" Did the aliens abduct my husband -- again ?
tr	NN	" The scalpel is in his hand and his temperament is at once at its full bent .
tr	NNS	Lives changed here , stories beginning and ending .
tr	NNS	No more shouts came from the crowd ; in complete , utter stillness they watched the caravan gallop past .
tr	NNS	" So millions more in the future are going to DIE WITH HER ! "
tr	NNS	After that , the uniforms had the names sewn on with thread .
tr	NN	Their appetite was voracious .
tr	NN	The captain was Colonel Bud Ramsey , a genuine hero and a genius as a pilot .
tr	NNS	Things aren 't so nice once you get a bit older . "
tr	NN	But the trio had made it inside safely .
tr	NNS	Across the bottom and top perimeters , letters marked each square .
tr	NNS	Philip closed his eyes , rubbed his aching temples .
tr	NN	Overhead , instead of sky , was a white ceiling tracked with harsh lighting .
tr	NN	For as he spoke , a long grey flexible tube came in between the swaying curtains and helped itself to a bunch of bananas .
tr	NNS	Others talk , casting suspicious , dark looks at me and the Shippers .
tr	NNS	The king 's actions , however , seemed sluggish compared with the movements of men burning pewter .
tr	NN	The mingling smells of fried appetizers and pungent foreign cheeses made Spencer woozy .
tr	NNS	Bex 's light footsteps rushed down the stairs , and the door opened .
tr	NNS	White globes of sweet-smelling flowers burst like stars across all the green .
tr	NN	The poverty struck us forcefully .
tr	NNS	His thumbs stroked her nipples , a slow , erotic brush that sent liquid heat curling through her .
tr	NN	The harder he struggled , the deeper the cord bit into his flesh , but he ignored the pain .
tr	NN	At the end of last semester , a teacher was trying to break up a fight between me and David Sharp and I accidently hit her .
tr	NN	My pen would betray me . "
tr	NN	After all her mate had done to destroy him .
tr	NN	My pendant had come alive again , burning hot and shining a brilliant orange-red .
tr	NNS	There was something magical about her , something powerful that Aran couldn 't quite place .
tr	NN	A twinkle flashed in his eyes .
tr	NNS	Things from cases he 'd worked .
tr	NNS	The figures that had been lying on the ground were stirring .
tr	NNS	Odysseus had never replaced it .
tr	NN	A vacation , you could call it . "
tr	NN	A roar of breath left his body , and he sagged when he saw her reach the base .
tr	NNS	So far , there were no signs of Jimmy .
tr	NNS	" Your Highness , " the trader greeted Kristina , bowing low .
tr	NN	The décor struck her as very similar to her brother 's rooms back home , full of heavy , functional furniture , and bold colors .
tr	NNS	Trailing wisps of clouds slithered around boulders below .
tr	NN	There was no astonishment in her tone .
tr	NN	The damage was severe .
tr	NNS	Marius quickly pulled his hands away .
tr	NNS	There were bookshelves and a fireplace that looked inviting .
tr	NNS	Her agent 's skills came in useful .
tr	NN	the brunette asked , shoving a microphone at him .
tr	NN	The damage to his perfect features inflicted by my own unwavering anger .
tr	NNS	Your governments do not want peace .
tr	NN	' Tis done , his suffering is at an end .
tr	NN	Link had never told anyone but me , as far as I knew .
tr	NNS	Instead of providing her a measure of comfort , the familiar ministrations irritated her to the point at which she wanted to scream from frustration .
tr	NN	The bruising was frightening to see .
tr	NN	" Look , I know she 's here , " the Barbie doll said .
tr	NNS	Maybe these city fathers knew something that the scientists didn 't know .
tr	NNS	Soldiers had abducted her .
tr	NNS	Things had been quiet .
tr	NNS	The creatures were evil , that much she was sure of , born from her father 's own cursed and lifeless land .
tr	NNS	Others were missing sections of their skulls .
tr	NN	My two so-called escorts pulled the same stunt they used before , one fading out behind , the other rushing ahead .
tr	NN	" There is no manner by which we can live here , now that this has started .
tr	NN	Her grandfather 's heavy black writing degenerated into a scrawl in places , but certain sentences stood out clearly as she leafed through . "
tr	NNS	The consequences - to me , to the whole group - would be devastating .
tr	NNS	Moses asked , after a short pause .
tr	NNS	But those fears were only secondary .
tr	NN	There was a spark and Alfonso throttled it .
tr	NNS	Dungeon Things have a lot more tentacles and things .
tr	NNS	" Yes , indeed , but the Solar batteries are entirely man-made .
tr	NN	A low rolling growl escaped him .
tr	NN	" Your grandmother loved that chair . "
tr	NN	A reminiscent gleam appeared in Maggie 's eyes .
tr	NN	" Uh ... , the willow , where did you say - ? "
tr	NN	And , after all , there is no proof that he isn 't completely loyal . "
tr	NN	A few weeks ago , my best friend Kate 's soon-to-be sister-in-law came to stay with me .
tr	NNS	Things are already coming back . "
tr	NNS	And yet , more wolves are coming .
tr	NNS	The actions felt as simple as skipping down a sidewalk .
tr	NNS	al ' Thor said , standing up suddenly .
tr	NN	The shooter ducked back inside .
tr	NNS	What are the chances of you two sneaking out tomorrow night ?
tr	NNS	Large drops tracked down my face and plummeted onto the top of his head .
tr	NN	" My partner and I are here to shut down a certain moonshine operation that has been going on in this county since the late 1920s . "
tr	NNS	His followers , who were mostly Jews , didn 't believe in making images of God .
tr	NN	" Not a complete lack , Allison , but I didn 't come here to joke or humor you .
tr	NN	The racket of the train followed him inside .
tr	NN	Topless , maze pattern tattoos on his saggy torso skin and held a staff with a white spiky stone at the top .
tr	NN	But the warm , mellow port did little to soothe the tumultuous thoughts tumbling in his head .
tr	NNS	Muscles popped as he reached over his head , pulling a shirt on .
tr	NNS	The lockers here were too tall and the numbers started in the 1000s also .
tr	NNS	Still nobody danced but the last song grabbed Raphael 's attention .
tr	NN	Her sensitivity was such that she even knew why he was sensitive .
tr	NN	JJ chooses to block the safety .
tr	NN	Being the one with a track record of caution and commitment , his reserve of leniency was intact .
tr	NN	One loud shriek from its mouth and the whole town would learn our secret .
tr	NN	" We have come to a decision , " the goddess said as she and the other two faced them again .
tr	NNS	No classmates to joke with .
tr	NNS	The torches flickered and then extinguished .
tr	NN	He couldn , t remember .
tr	NNS	The military types who eyed me suspiciously whilst I was tapping at the keyboard fall in line behind me as I set off down the corridor .
tr	NNS	The very edges of his teeth came down on my lower lip .
tr	NN	The harsh resolve in his tone didn 't fool her for a moment .
tr	NN	All my hesitation , my anger and my distrust -- gone .
tr	NNS	There were several dozen worms as well .
tr	NN	The bastard should have signed the agreements by now , but he valued his honor more than his wife .
tr	NN	Kylie 's first instinct was to march over there just in case Del a needed reinforcements .
tr	NN	One night his employer , Alonso , came to Toby 's little hotel apartment .
tr	NNS	Your mothers should have taught you better . "
tr	NN	Side by side , the contrast between the brothers couldn 't be more clear .
tr	NN	The eternal Self slays not , nor is ever slain .
tr	NNS	My mind races to think as panic starts to creep in .
tr	NNS	Three zombies stumbled out of one of the backyards in front of them .
tr	NNS	There were no signs of cell membranes of nuclei .
tr	NN	" The priest cannot influence his god for fear of disrupting the future . "
tr	NN	But my commander told me I could take off the rest of the day . "
tr	NN	The lace pooled at her ankles .
tr	NN	" It is my duty and privilege to declare the Ascension of Paris , " said the mayor finally .
tr	NN	The guilt would destroy him .
tr	NNS	But the little creatures hadn 't disappeared .
tr	NN	" Thank you , gentlemen , and have a good bottom stay , both of you , " the pilot said .
tr	NNS	Delores straightened in her chair and patted my hand .
tr	NNS	The hail worms wait for the rain to come down , and then feed when the demons are at their slowest .
tr	NN	A mightier roar drowned out everything for a moment .
tr	NNS	There were scenes of people farming , of beautiful gardens with hummingbirds and butterflies , or lovers intertwined under a grove of trees .
tr	NNS	Others carried huge tanks filled with sloshing liquid .
tr	NN	" Tuff , " weasel repeated .
tr	NN	Her spine stiffened and she marched the rest of the way over to his desk , snapping the plastic card down on the dark wood .
tr	NN	the bald slave yelled , exiting from the kitchen .
tr	NN	Her goal was the same , but her methods needed to be changed .
tr	NN	His halo shone brighter , so bright that Anon 's body disappeared in the light .
tr	NNS	The seals weren 't too far away from us .
tr	NN	Even the slowest progress looks indefinite to other eyes . "
tr	NN	For five years the dragon had done nothing but obsess over her spear and get in her way .
tr	NN	Every stroke he continued to give her only made her orgasm more .
tr	NN	The coast will be swarming with infected . "
tr	NNS	Alexis followed after him , but he had driven away quickly in his car .
tr	NNS	Things had been strangely tense between us ever since I went to the party with Andrew .
tr	NNS	But the wetness of her mouth wasn 't messy in the least .
tr	NN	The pinch as they broke the skin sent a shock through my body .
tr	NNS	Cars began slowing down , watching the RV glow brighter and brighter with fire .
tr	NNS	Dangerous Beans had said , ' But now we can also say " what is a rat ? " '
tr	NN	The dragon thought I was dead and he wanted what was left of my soul .
tr	NNS	The lies she 'd just told left a bad taste in her mouth .
tr	NNS	The car accelerated in the vacant but lit-up tunnel , its headlights flashing a blinding white , its taillights beaming a dim orange .
tr	NN	The Hand proved a popular tourist attraction and grew in fame as mystics flocked to the area , eager to hear the sound of one hand clapping .
tr	NN	But the blasted wig was fire retardant !
tr	NN	At any given moment his accent managed to be Spanish , French , or Italian , then a bizarre mixture of all of the above .
tr	NNS	Things were hard for a while , and then things got better .
tr	NN	I quite understand , ' said the mayor .
tr	NNS	Flames still shot from the hotel window , illuminating Vlad in an orange glow .
tr	NN	A trickle of cold sweat chilled his spine as he avoided her gaze drilling through him .
tr	NN	The drill expects 28.8 V and pulls 9 Amps .
tr	NN	He swung down , hacking at the demon 's furry back .
tr	NNS	In my mind , his gigantic jaws are swallowing me whole .
tr	NN	" Stop it , all of you now , " shouted the leader .
tr	NNS	' Four apples , of course , ' I replied quickly - too quickly , as it turned out .
tr	NN	Part of his reasoning was that he hadn 't wanted to get Shea Peterson 's hopes up .
tr	NN	His hatred spread to the elite hunter like an infection .
tr	NNS	As they each quickly finished their goblets of claret , the first drops of rain began to land on the decks .
tr	NNS	The ducks never stayed too long though and they never ever had baby ducks there .
tr	NNS	Others believed that it had indeed been transported from one place to another .
tr	NNS	" Things certainly were less complicated back on Terra . "
tr	NN	A light flowery fragrance , it was the same one she 'd worn in Hawaii and at the fundraiser .
tr	NNS	Nicodemus reacted in sudden and obvious panic , releasing my throat and struggling to get away .
tr	NN	The defeat in his voice made my insides twist uncomfortably .
tr	NN	' The diary 's a key ! "
tr	NN	And a transport was certainly not it .
tr	NNS	Signed paintings bring higher bids .
tr	NN	Harley 's tail tightened around the crescent moon , but still the airship swam through the churning black clouds .
tr	NN	Her grandmother , whose strength she had seriously underestimated until now , caught the hand mid-air and glared at the two of them .
tr	NNS	There was something crafty now , to the dark voice .
tr	NNS	The initial scans of the mass had displayed its approximate composition and distribution .
tr	NN	Only a flashlight was visible as it bobbed up and down in Jonna 's hand .
tr	NNS	The pills seemed to be working faster than expected .
tr	NNS	More letters to clients , marketing plans , bills .
tr	NN	The siren freed your race from a cycle of servitude . "
tr	NNS	Only fifty-two nations signed that treaty .
tr	NN	A haunting melody floated into the air followed by cursing and then pounding on the keys of the piano .
tr	NNS	The objects became clear when they blinked .
tr	NNS	Thirty yards away the breakers began .
tr	NN	The second dragon threw back its head and let out a stream of roiling white vapor .
tr	NNS	Renaissance paintings filled Daniel 's suite , where Persian rugs covered the parquet .
tr	NN	Around eleven , the young father Jazmine had talked to a few weeks earlier stepped into the restaurant .
tr	NNS	There were neat little rows of shampoos and soaps and figurines and fresh flowers .
tr	NNS	The stores were closing .
tr	NN	The automatic pilot brings them back to reality : " We have arrived . "
tr	NNS	Others had chosen to invest their wealth in other things .
tr	NN	My presentation will take 14 minutes and 32 seconds .
tr	NNS	" And your clients just cancelled ? "
tr	NN	Crowded towns , the hunter didn 't like it .
tr	NN	The intruder had to have planted surveillance equipment and she had to find it before he got it online .
tr	NNS	There were thousands of editions of Romeo and Juliet , of course , with different footnotes and annotations .
tr	NNS	The Bugs would doubtless panic and think they were being invaded .
tr	NN	A siren was sounding out of the building .
tr	NN	This veil is rapidly disappearing and when it does the evil Queen will be able to find us and destroy us . "
tr	NNS	No other wolves would die by Liam 's hand .
tr	NNS	Lights flashed and alarms sounded .
tr	NNS	Bottles and glasses shattered on the ground , and screams broke out in the crowd .
tr	NNS	No hills to walk up and the village nestled where it has been for centuries .
tr	NNS	All airplanes of a certain size look identical .
tr	NN	The television was on and blasting some dumb cartoon .
tr	NN	The trick is to have the surfactant to keep them from becoming a glob , which wouldn 't work so well . "
tr	NNS	Several more wrists raised to Daniel .
tr	NN	But the cafeteria was buzzing and everybody seemed to be poring over the front page of the Chronicle .
tr	NNS	" A few members of our community are preparing a terrorist attack . "
tr	NNS	Small puffs of smoke showed the location of our artillery firing on the enemy lines .
tr	NN	In the corner on the front page is a picture of Xander .
tr	NN	Their venom might rarely be fatal , but the symptoms from a bite could become severe if untreated .
tr	NN	The old dragon hated being wrong .
tr	NN	So at least the weird unease of knowing Threshold lurked overhead kept the neighbourhood neat .
tr	NNS	Things were still moving far too fast .
tr	NNS	Courtroom skills were not important .
tr	NN	The government wishes to restrict some of our operations .
tr	NNS	The blue chips of his eyes soften as he walks back over to perch next to me on the bed .
tr	NN	The paint on the wood framed windows was peeling .
tr	NN	Only this time there would be a charter , a solemn promise before God that there would be democracy once again .
tr	NN	The burial was hauntingly symbolic .
tr	NNS	Its images speak to millions of people .
tr	NNS	Hands pressed in closer , cutting off my air .
tr	NNS	The smugness quickly turned to fear as he realised he may be about to come face to face with a band of heroes out to defeat him .
tr	NNS	Things have gotten a little serious there . "
tr	NNS	The wooden slats moved under my butt .
tr	NN	The Master has not forsaken you neither should you forsake Him ! "
tr	NN	The absence of her car wouldn 't mean anything .
tr	NN	" I don 't believe in ghosts , " the very young Ren informed him .
tr	NN	a comrade next to him responded .
tr	NN	Another roar left him , the vampire part of him that loved battling and dominance .
tr	NNS	The butterflies started going crazy in the pit of her stomach , what if Dante didn 't approve ?
tr	NN	Another strategic stab to my blind side , making me feel even more unsure and self-conscious .
tr	NNS	The surviving members of Ballinger 's research project were all still alive according to Sam .
tr	NN	Each knight that won an event would have a parade of noble girls to choose from to dance the night away .
tr	NNS	The taillights remained visible against the tree line across the fields for quite some distance .
tr	NN	A roar cut through her euphoria .
tr	NNS	Lights reflected off the gold-plated steel girders that crisscrossed in an open lattice design to form , of all things , a gleaming pyramid at the top .
tr	NNS	" Some servants , " she scoffs .
tr	NNS	The elves all wore green dyed leather armor and green cloaks with the strange brown markings interwoven in them .
tr	NN	The tech whistled softly under his breath .
tr	NN	There was instantaneous chaos and confusion .
tr	NNS	The paintings hanging on the walls had red frames and held nothing but canvases painted solid red .
tr	NNS	Perhaps my priorities really had changed .
tr	NNS	Old skills fired to life .
tr	NN	The hunter closed his eyes .
tr	NN	Somehow ... " " Hephaestus ' experiments ? "
tr	NN	The van starts first time .
tr	NNS	The downstairs of his house held the Yorkshire Falls Gazette offices , while upstairs was his private domain .
tr	NNS	Walking downstairs , she looked around but Sal wasn 't anywhere in sight .
tr	NN	The bastard was going to kill her .
tr	NNS	There was something insidious about the smell .
tr	NN	The misery and anger inside him helped to feed the thirst and cruelty of the demon he became .
tr	NNS	Fresh off a mission and deserving some kind of reward , the warriors had a right to accept the indecent proposal being extended to them here .
tr	NNS	Reyes couldn 't allow the Hunters to see what was going on , so he used the last of his strength to disable the wires .
tr	NNS	By the time the show concluded , many appreciative fans were dropping donations into the hat props turned alms baskets .
tr	NN	" Your grandmother let me borrow it .
tr	NNS	In most cases , several churches in a community would work together with the local governments and schools .
tr	NN	The evening sacrifice of the lamb would very soon be over .
tr	NNS	The villagers were on their feet .
tr	NN	" The War of the Realms , you foolish , Heavenly reject . "
tr	NN	The port pulled the boom in , aligning and orienting the probe automatically .
tr	NN	If one Party gets romantically or physically involved with a Party outside of this agreement , the contract is to be terminated with immediate effect .
tr	NN	So much hunger was in that stare .
tr	NNS	The colours were not vividly , but they were cheerful : blue , brown , and some red .
tr	NNS	" But ... the servants have already washed up ... " " So ?
tr	NNS	There were three meetings .
tr	NNS	Emma had the main body of it , whilst I was chewing threw the sports ( not literally ) .
tr	NN	The mayor of Downingtown is very young .
tr	NNS	The teachers are formulating an opinion and will report to me in a few days . "
tr	NN	The Resistance was a mixture of American and German soldiers who had dug in and were fighting like hell to stave off constant attacks by the Ancients .
tr	NNS	" We 'll be fine , " the duchess assured him , upon which he exited the room .
tr	NNS	Plans , successes , and even goals were like shadowy figures in the mist , formless and indistinct .
tr	NNS	" Your skills will fail you .
tr	NN	A trickle of guilt slid over his skin .
tr	NNS	" There 's some dangerous roads between here and Uncle Bram 's . "
tr	NNS	Dogs trotted around the people , barking at the disruption in the day 's quiet routine .
tr	NN	The charm on her neck started to thaw , as the noise of sirens grew closer .
tr	NNS	Before Saber could react , the paintings and sculptures began to shake , the floor undulating .
tr	NN	A click followed by dead air told her he 'd already disconnected .
tr	NNS	Flames engulfed the thermal tent , the uncomfortable sleeping pad , what had been left of her field rations .
tr	NN	My career is over .
tr	NNS	( The Admiral 's footsteps sounded from the bathroom back to the break room . )
tr	NNS	The nurses left the room and the brothers turned to Maya for an explanation .
tr	NNS	The cheap flings that had kept him occupied for several years after they 'd broken up felt so empty these days that he no longer bothered .
tr	NNS	His eyelids drooped tiredly and he closed his mouth , frowning .
tr	NN	A low growl seeped from his chest , forcing her eyes upward .
tr	NNS	Kris demanded , suddenly afraid .
tr	NNS	Things got out of hand .
tr	NN	There was a witness ; a little girl that I spoke with personally .
tr	NNS	Cars had been tough , too .
tr	NNS	" Drugs will do that to you .
tr	NNS	Not all ghosts are simple grandmothers wishing to contact their loved ones .
tr	NN	I have need of the clapboard for other purposes , " the captain proposed .
tr	NNS	Warning prickles danced along her spine .
tr	NN	Ten H ad she imagined the look in Rand 's eyes ?
tr	NNS	Only the hippest cats in town know about it .
tr	NNS	The next day the newspapers said a miracle happened .
tr	NN	My pulse thuds wildly .
tr	NNS	Beneath him , the wooden verandah boards groaned under his weight .
tr	NNS	His characters now consumed his heart .
tr	NNS	Stainless steel appliances spoke to the updates and modernization that had been put into the room .
tr	NNS	The gates were open .
tr	NNS	Or maybe his skills were simply fading .
tr	NN	To Terrance 's credit , the magnitude of this new information caused him to view everything from a more mature perspective .
tr	NNS	Squires said , " That was Clark 's brother , Keg . "
tr	NNS	There were kicks and lunges , arm movements and body turns .
tr	NN	The courtroom was very quiet .
tr	NNS	Things were looking up .
tr	NNS	In awe the mothers look at each other .
tr	NN	My little audience watched , curious .
tr	NNS	Waves covered him , pulling him farther out to sea .
tr	NN	Bo 's low whistle turned her around before she reached in to retrieve her snoozing daughter .
tr	NNS	The emptiness immediately made me feel uneasy .
tr	NN	Their captain looked down at the elegant and well-dressed Barney .
tr	NN	My uncle got wind of it and thought it was a scream .
tr	NN	The agony of the impact jolted his senses and he could see , smell , touch and hear again .
tr	NNS	The old warriors I 'd seen in my recent nightmares were only the smallest sampling of what I now saw before me .
tr	NNS	Sirens whined low in the distance .
tr	NN	There was a condom in his wallet from the box he 'd bought at the gas station .
tr	NN	He didn , t tell her that Celeste had said the same thing .
tr	NN	To his left , a lazy feline laid peacefully , its tail floating to and fro as the visitor entered .
tr	NN	" Part of the tuition fees we ask for is so the students can have an allowance every week for items they may need .
tr	NN	The captain actually smiled as the last rope was coiled .
tr	NN	The design was Rann 's idea .
tr	NNS	" Your ancestors are why we 're in this current mess .
tr	NN	The male sheriff was looking at Maggie 's father .
tr	NN	" At the smelly church ? "
tr	NNS	The tentacles , no longer metallic but formed from white , quivering flesh , disappeared and reappeared in quick succession .
tr	NNS	The continuous puffs of air he aimed at it did nothing to help his claims of normality .
tr	NN	A black thong showcased the cheeks of her ass and a matching black top in the same lace barely skimmed the top of the panties .
tr	NNS	" And what are these ' tests ' that you 've mentioned ? "
tr	NN	A click echoed through the hall and miraculously , one of the side doors swung open .
tr	NNS	Contents of the screen spilled out , catching the viewers in a crazy whirlpool of images and sensations .
tr	NNS	Images that sent her heart on a thumping rampage .
tr	NNS	Our letters , unbeknownst to our elders , would help us to accept their demands .
tr	NN	The P.E. teacher , not knowing Steve 's athletic ability , puts him on the same team as Jerry .
tr	NNS	The strains of " Nearer My God To Thee " rose slowly upward .
tr	NN	" A chick flick ? "
tr	NN	Well , that concept is critical to the " Mark Watney doesn 't die " project I 'm working on .
tr	NNS	Small bursts of pain fire off in my head .
tr	NNS	A line of people were making their way down the track , their figures silhouetted in the dim light .
tr	NN	Chance kissed her and knew that his life had just altered .
tr	NN	The studio , like the other six major studios , produced an average of one film a week .
tr	NN	The factor they didn 't consider was the need to shoot out the engines in a particular order to keep the ship balanced .
tr	NN	Right now , in bed with Marcus , all that mattered was what she was feeling .
tr	NNS	Others , rarely , lasted much longer .
tr	NN	After five minutes of terror , the lantern disappeared around a corner .
tr	NNS	There were too many witnesses and she couldn 't reveal her powers around so many people .
tr	NNS	The tentacles surrounding me go limp , and my blades are pulling me over to my side with the weight of the creature .
tr	NNS	Most warriors have signs of it long before the initial release and a mentor helps control the process .
tr	NNS	And his bloodlines are impeccable . "
tr	NN	The golden pendulum swung slowly back and forth , and the gilded numbering was set into a marble clock face that gleamed .
tr	NN	Fair exchange , she supposed ; Nolan had been generous enough to her over the past month .
tr	NNS	" Good morning ladies , " Sarah greeted with a smile .
tr	NN	The priest was all he had to work with and time was short .
tr	NNS	" The two rites you are allowed can save a soul from eternal damnation .
tr	NN	The dragon cared not .
tr	NNS	The fierce steppe warriors swarmed aboard .
tr	NN	After several minutes of grunting and groaning , I final y felt the handle .
tr	NN	" We 'd have no other choice , " my grandmother agrees with him .
tr	NNS	Equally any pearls of wisdom you may offer are merely the things I would think of anyway .
tr	NNS	Her movements were liquid grace .
tr	NN	The rusty corrugated metal siding rattled in the wind .
tr	NNS	The fairies want it ; Darius has it .
tr	NNS	Tall hills rose on either side of the highway ; we were heading due south , toward the Smoky Mountains .
tr	NNS	The mattress creaked so loudly this time she knew the sound hadn 't come from her throat or his .
tr	NNS	Things were beginning to crack again inside her .
tr	NNS	" But today the stakes were too rich to pass up . "
tr	NN	The yard was huge , with a tall brown fence blocking its beauty from any nearby neighbors .
tr	NNS	To Destiny , whoever was behind these bizarre character changes was deliberately tormenting and hurting people for amusement .
tr	NNS	The St. Louis fans were on their feet , screaming at the top of their lungs , trying to rattle Ryan as best they could .
tr	NN	Her pulse instantly went into hyper drive .
tr	NN	A silvery outline appeared in the air where the pen passed through , and the air in the center of the square shimmered in a wave .
tr	NNS	The chains crossed the apartment 's walls , finding its way towards the grocery bag that we bought , then reeling it in .
tr	NNS	In the house of God , there is fullness of joy .
tr	NNS	But another few chances of observation altered his looks of relief to puzzlement , and then to suspicion .
tr	NN	Don 't argue , there 's a good fellow ! "
tr	NNS	Things weren 't as I 'd have them .
tr	NNS	The other two woman creatures pulled the white corset over my head down to my middle section .
tr	NNS	Soft glows and lights came from the clusters of buildings that dominated most of Coe Wan .
tr	NNS	Lights are off across town .
tr	NN	The snake shared some of Roth 's personality .
tr	NNS	Images of Sunny 's mile-long legs walked through his memory , reminding him of just how wild she 'd driven him , stripping last night .
tr	NNS	" My apologies , ladies .
tr	NNS	Bold letters read ' Army and Navy Surplus ' .
tr	NN	What if the maid comes in ? "
tr	NN	The dean of the University nodded .
tr	NNS	Their efforts to take over failed .
tr	NNS	" Our sources are not as clear on this matter .
tr	NNS	The documents were of relatively little import themselves , but their absence would cause confusion and frustration .
tr	NNS	Others turned the creatures into slaves .
tr	NNS	And certain gentle friction fabrics , which -- as it turns out -- have multiple uses and can be quite stimulating .
tr	NN	Another crash came from deeper inside the cave and the walls trembled .
tr	NN	" Most are being retrained , " said The Manager .
tr	NN	Will 's forearm bore a long , deep , and bloody gash .
tr	NN	There was a half full pot of coffee remaining .
tr	NNS	A few strands flopped forward over one eye .
tr	NN	" I can vouch for her , " said the sheriff quietly .
tr	NNS	" Things not cool enough for museums , or things they couldn 't prove were old , or things he didn 't want to give away . "
tr	NNS	The bar codes with those little numbers just above the vertical lines changed everything .
tr	NNS	Others see no difference between his illness and an addiction , and they despise him for being weak .
tr	NNS	Reyes arched into her .
tr	NN	" Storm has shown his knife to the man , but then he has been kicked to slam his back into the near wall .
tr	NN	There was no clean slate for the Carters .
tr	NN	And the red notebook is for our storytelling .
tr	NNS	With the pen held at the right angle the letters had behaved themselves and kept their distance from each other .
tr	NNS	Of course , there are risks with this procedure , but you 're young and healthy , so I 'm sure they won 't affect you . "
tr	NNS	" Helicopter blades would blow away footprints upon take off . "
tr	NN	The medicine really worked , and she was laughing by the time they reached Brennan 's Jetta .
tr	NNS	Cars lined one side of the block .
tr	NNS	As the sun set outside , the torches within the temple began to color the brick walls with an orange light .
tr	NNS	My eyelids slowly lift open .
tr	NNS	" Others like you ?
tr	NN	One storefront was a complete movie screen projecting 3D movie clips .
tr	NN	Love you sweets ... " " Love you more . "
tr	NN	It was an easy routine , our first class of the day , conveniently at eleven in the morning , was History 101 , a basic requirement .
tr	NN	His pipe landed a few feet away .
tr	NNS	As he approached the trees , wolves ghosted out to overlook the herd .
tr	NN	" Otherwise the ritual will fail .
tr	NN	Plus that van has amazing heat .
tr	NNS	Inside , my brothers ' heavy footsteps echoed off the floorboards , punctuated by " Whoa ! "
tr	NN	Married folk don 't make such a fuss .
tr	NNS	Screams Ella , thumping Rick in the back weakly -- not really having much an effect on him -- he ignores her .
tr	NN	Their perspiration sealed their torsos together , adding another raw layer to their heated coupling .
tr	NNS	Nerves loomed over her leisurely afternoon , though .
tr	NNS	Her A levels were coming up and this wasn 't the time to let small things like the end of the world divert her from her purpose .
tr	NNS	Witches are just humans that have mutated into something else .
tr	NNS	The cameras could also see down the main aisle that led between all the side aisles .
tr	NNS	Things happened quickly then .
tr	NN	Suddenly a dark slit opened and something horrific came through it .
tr	NNS	On the stove , the contents of the Dutch ovens began to boil .
tr	NNS	There were die mysterious scrolls .
tr	NNS	The bits go out of here , charge through that buffer system , and are split up fifty ways , according to their differences in potential .
tr	NNS	Sometimes handlers want publicity in order to keep their celebrity in the public eye .
tr	NN	Successive firing hammered into the air all around , the sound of metal on metal deafening her ears .
tr	NN	The airport closed at midnight .
tr	NN	The sergeant scoffed and motioned to his subordinates , who ran silently into the trees .
tr	NNS	After all , the horrid accusations that Jews had killed Little St. William were almost a hundred years old .
tr	NN	Beneath the blouse was a matching light pink bra , all lace and sexiness teasing him .
tr	NNS	After a time , his body calmed and rage subsided .
tr	NN	The tube was out of her mouth now .
tr	NN	As he stepped up there was a roar of cheering .
tr	NN	His first inclination was always to be a loner .
tr	NN	After time , the soft roar of flight lulled me to sleep , just as it always did .
tr	NNS	Every few paces were heavy statues of bleak stone on either side of the walkway .
tr	NNS	His cheekbones stood out like the sharp edges of a statue , leading to a strong angled chin .
tr	NN	A real partner would have talked me through the arguments for and against .
tr	NNS	The Jets gathered a few hundred feet above the destroyer to confer .
tr	NN	What did anonymity risk ? "
tr	NNS	Savannah 's letters arrived every ten days or so , and they 'd piled up by the time I got back to Germany .
tr	NN	There was a glint in his eyes as he replied .
tr	NNS	The morning 's activities had left me buzzing with energy .
tr	NNS	Looks like we 'd better get used to the idea of getting rained on .
tr	NNS	A few small green drops flew out of her fingertips , streaking through the air like emerald comets .
tr	NNS	" There weren 't any drugs at the party .
tr	NNS	Romulus smiled , exposing a mouthful of bloody teeth .
tr	NNS	Warning flags pop up all over in my head .
tr	NN	" This homecoming is a complete disaster . "
tr	NNS	He took to haunting abandoned factories and warehouses , derelict mines and ships , the ghosts of obsolete technologies .
tr	NNS	Haymitch drinks until the liquor runs out , and then raises geese until the next train arrives .
tr	NNS	The horns were already blaring , and he was already striding toward his fate , defenseless but fearless .
tr	NNS	Nerves flutter through my stomach , making me queasy .
tr	NN	The larger hospital downtown took most of the serious trauma cases , but we still had enough to keep me busy .
tr	NN	The troll stood in the doorway , grinning at her and didn 't look like he was going to stop anytime soon .
tr	NNS	The media will have a field day with this , and I was hoping you might be able to stick around for a while . "
tr	NNS	Squires , seeing the break he wanted , jumped at Anderson .
tr	NNS	The short blond locks were neatly in place with the front flipped up just barely .
tr	NNS	Achilles , panting in happiness , licked Daniel 's face , then went right back into the hole .
tr	NN	Romano 's gut instinct told him this was not an isolated event .
tr	NNS	And my own small designs of not very long ago were there to torment me .
tr	NNS	The mattress was firmer than mine at home , and the blanket lacked the fresh smell I was used to .
tr	NN	The lantern was useless .
tr	NNS	His cold ruthlessness might be a part of him , but it wasn 't all that he was .
tr	NN	There was no ale or wine for the storytelling , but the campfire seemed to suffice and Jeremy again led the way .
tr	NNS	But , whether by accident or by design , a few strands had come loose and danced with the wind .
tr	NN	The first mate called down to them .
tr	NNS	Laurence 's movies invariably aligned on the shelves .
tr	NNS	The chills continued to rack Jamie 's body and he huddled further under the quilt .
tr	NNS	' No witnesses , ' Max mocked .
tr	NNS	The chances of any other subjects being captured alive were now slim .
tr	NNS	Why did her servants whisper ?
tr	NNS	Hopefully , the zombies that were chasing them before had broken through the door and were now corralled inside .
tr	NN	An armed policeman in a dark , bullet-proof vest rolled Birch 's body out of the way , and reached out to help Layla up .
tr	NNS	" The Greens then , " Bugs replied , stating the chosen location of the duel , as was custom .
tr	NN	A loud metal clang made her jump and she started to bang on the wooden door , shouting for help .
tr	NN	His hatred of me is too strong ; I don 't think it would work .
tr	NN	The communicator beeped on his desk .
tr	NNS	Cars and trucks whizzed past the busy thoroughfare .
tr	NN	' Oh , fucking hell . '
tr	NNS	" Your cell counts seem good , which means the virus hasn 't begun to effect your immune system , do you have insurance ? "
tr	NNS	Others gathered gear from the rest of the troops in just a matter of a few minutes .
tr	NN	The parchment floated from the sky and landed right by him .
tr	NN	Her mother 's preoccupation with this wealthy divorcee was one of the main reasons why Frances had left Melbourne .
tr	NN	The last sentence sticks to me in an unpleasant way .
tr	NN	Your purity is something to be ashamed of - to be discarded at the earliest convenience .
tr	NNS	Did the little paintings on the balls match the images on the holes ?
tr	NNS	Same species , but it 's not Pegasus , " Sela laughed .
tr	NN	For some reason , Colin 's announcement made Sibyl feel a vague sense of disappointment .
tr	NNS	The coaches revived you . "
tr	NNS	Did your goons learn this ? "
tr	NN	The TV was obscenely large , and Neil couldn 't wait to watch a game on it .
tr	NNS	Outside , blaring sirens filled the air and were getting progressively louder .
tr	NNS	So the responsibilities for that fell to me .
tr	NN	A singing nun and a man in a bear suit had now emerged from behind the curtain to begin a bawdy number .
tr	NNS	Huge flares engulfed the star .
tr	NNS	Sirens exploded in his head .
tr	NN	A black granite monument already bore both Lily 's name and his own .
tr	NN	To prove his point the dragon lifted his head and stood as tall and proudly as he could .
tr	NNS	My hopes pray that the place is safe .
tr	NN	Grandmother and grandson left at a trot .
tr	NNS	Before I 'd even had time to tie it around my waist , several servants entered the kitchen from the tunnel .
tr	NN	The Nephilim race hated angels , and vice versa .
tr	NN	The captain took long strides from the river up the beach .
tr	NNS	" Things didn 't work like that , then .
tr	NN	31 Raj came to meet me in the evening everyday .
tr	NN	Then , like a dam breaking , a roar of applause swept over me , laced with whistles and scraping chairs as people surged to their feet .
tr	NNS	But the images came so swiftly , so relentlessly , that it was impossible to paint fast enough to keep up with them .
tr	NN	A single pastry sat on a plate , bathing in a pool of cream .
tr	NN	The vacation he had planned was a three week camp out in the State Forest Preserve that started only twenty miles to the east .
tr	NN	The policeman just came back . "
tr	NNS	Bright spots danced in front of her eyes .
tr	NNS	The tours were few and far between .
tr	NN	" When does this madman plan to attack ? "
tr	NNS	But the bars gave and the door fell open , crashing down upon the limp corpse of the silver haired elf .
tr	NN	The priest went on .
tr	NN	Apparently , there was a limit to his cooperation .
tr	NN	" Yeah , well , all this announcement means to me is Jess is one step closer to his date with death . "
tr	NN	The old bastard was enjoying himself .
tr	NN	There was no electricity .
tr	NN	Then she grabbed him through the material of the bag , put her head against his , her mouth just half an inch from his ear .
tr	NNS	The footsteps inched nearer my door .
tr	NN	Her accent sounded midwestern , crisper than Rex 's Oklahoma drawl .
tr	NN	A flat-screen TV hung against the back wall , and a fully stocked minibar with an assortment of glasses took up a seat on the left .
tr	NN	His outline was incredibly distinct .
tr	NN	Part of her restlessness had to do with Alex , but part of it had to do with a bed that didn 't rock .
tr	NN	Those personalized vows of hers were more than a couple pages long .
tr	NNS	That 's why Ian insisted that he move here with Anna , something Kyle 's not very happy about . "
tr	NNS	Things she had done .
tr	NNS	Cadmus lowered his head until his lips brushed my ear .
tr	NNS	Despite being quite late into the evening , many couples were out strolling the street , arm in arm , admiring the lighting .
tr	NN	The next contraction wracked her body .
tr	NN	A fashion parade didn 't seem like a bad idea .
tr	NN	Then a greater spider appeared , larger and blacker , who enveloped the first in loving threads to smother out her being .
tr	NN	Every gauge was normal .
tr	NN	" There 's room for one more , " the captain says .
tr	NNS	Things are going to be different there . "
tr	NN	" Where 's your momma , baby ? "
tr	NNS	Things at the B and B are really coming together , so everyone 's working flat out . "
tr	NNS	The images were now clear and were flashing through at a very high speed .
tr	NN	A ruthless gleam answered her .
tr	NNS	Things change when you least expect it . "
tr	NNS	The glow globes bobbed and weaved silently like lazy moths .
tr	NN	The commander dragged in another deep breath .
tr	NN	" Tie them up and put them in the room upstairs , " ordered the leader as he walked towards the kitchen .
tr	NNS	Her wrists were bloody , Clary saw , her face streaked with dried tears .
tr	NN	A cold , shivery tremor passed through her .
tr	NN	Love comes from within the heart . "
tr	NN	Part of her trusted the world far less because of that .
tr	NNS	Samuels toppled to the ground , still struggling with the blanket .
tr	NNS	His pupils are the size of a needle . "
tr	NN	Old man alligator killed for the joy of it .
tr	NNS	Others performed background checks .
tr	NNS	Things didn 't sound like they were going well .
tr	NN	The paint on the hood was bubbling from the high temps ; my cheeks and forehead felt too hot , stretched tight across my bones .
tr	NNS	Exhaust fumes filled the air .
tr	NN	Part of me wondered at the mood shift and wanted to ask , but I didn 't want to come off as being interested .
tr	NNS	Memorizing secure frequencies and call signs had been easy by comparison .
tr	NN	The pen stumbles its way to the floor and I 'm gripping the blanket so hard I 'm afraid it 's going to tear .
tr	NN	The lieutenant popped one eye open .
tr	NNS	But hobbits must try some way .
tr	NNS	Her pupils are the same size so she 's probably only got concussion , not that that 's always straight forward .
tr	NNS	Bugs don 't need words .
tr	NN	The explanation is a little more complex , but you described the process pretty accurately . "
tr	NNS	He could not believe that someone had gotten to her , had told her these lies about him , had turned her against him .
tr	NN	Every nerve ending in my body woke up and started singing .
tr	NNS	Some possibilities are better than others .
tr	NN	There 's a decent campsite a couple of hours up .
tr	NNS	Two shots rang out from below .
tr	NNS	Certainly the websites were miles apart .
tr	NN	Then Lily darling called me on the cell phone to alert me to this other matter .
tr	NN	The soap opera split public opinion so radically that riots became commonplace .
tr	NNS	Chills suddenly cascaded through Rebecca 's entire body .
tr	NN	The adrenaline had slowed to a stop and she was ragged .
tr	NN	As if on cue , the loudspeaker pinged above us .
tr	NN	A thick carpet of pine needles muffled their steps as effectively as heavy snow .
tr	NNS	There are forty five mech wolves all together ... " " Make that forty three , " Iridium interrupted .
tr	NNS	Two possibilities are bad enough .
tr	NNS	Her worries had faded away .
tr	NNS	Myles couldn 't believe how glad he was to hear this .
tr	NNS	Your grandparents were vital to the community .
tr	NNS	The winds will tear you apart .
tr	NNS	New strands of lightning burst from her body and slammed into his chest .
tr	NNS	Looks like the best thing to do is have some dinner and get some sleep . "
tr	NN	A requirement of her probation is that she always have her monitoring device with her .
tr	NN	The click of their shutters sounded like a plague of descending insects .
tr	NNS	The rolling hills had given way to a broken escarpment of steep hills and cliffs .
tr	NN	Looking into his extraordinary features , although they successfully mask his pain , the heavenly reflection of his eyes cannot .
tr	NN	Her husky drawl of his name blindsided him .
tr	NN	" But I was only gone for a moment when I went to fetch you , " muttered the footman to himself .
tr	NN	A trickle of blood ran out of the side of her mouth .
tr	NNS	' Oh , our older male readers , they really love ... ' Marshall shut his mouth seeing the look on Lola 's face .
tr	NNS	Three other witnesses were vague , but they all reported seeing a small plume of water kick out of the ornamental pool .
tr	NNS	The other passengers moved out to the bow again and we all watched as the whale cow breached a little further away .
tr	NNS	The blood splashes seemed so real -- the graphics in this game was truly amazing .
tr	NN	* The knitted rug offered little protection against the cold floor as she gingerly stepped out of her bed .
tr	NN	But the absence of even the smallest of animals made her nervous and on edge .
tr	NNS	The two wolves padded over to stand at his side .
tr	NN	Anger and fear transformed his eyes from their normal brown to the fiery amber of the Breed .
tr	NNS	Things like that are like bait in the water for predators .
tr	NNS	Just curved grooves in the metal , reflecting back the light .
tr	NN	There 's no comfy seating on the planet you just showed us .
tr	NNS	When the defenses began to crumble .
tr	NNS	Nearby items were already glowing red , their plastics melting .
tr	NN	Templars , their leader already barking orders . '
tr	NNS	The servants , as familiar with the king 's temperament as anyone , kept out of his way .
tr	NNS	Stacks of boxes and crates lined the walls of the warehouse .
tr	NNS	His actions would never taint his soul , because it was pure , no matter what he did .
tr	NN	The click of metal against rock stopped Thomas from kicking the boy at his feet .
tr	NNS	Myles stood on her porch .
tr	NN	The assault of Ms Patrick was not going to count .
tr	NN	The lightning increased and the ground shook . "
tr	NNS	My clients are busy men . '
tr	NNS	The images have faded and now it 's just blank .
tr	NN	" Sometimes , " I said , and even to my own ears I sounded sad , " the bitch wins . "
tr	NN	The wording aimed at the bishop caused Shorty to look over at the row of ministers .
tr	NNS	The possibilities were horrifying .
tr	NNS	Agents from her department filled the hospital as the news of her shooting circulated .
tr	NNS	Thoughts rushed through him .
tr	NNS	The next few emails were much the same , each one putting a few Bitcoins into Mark 's account in order to be placed on the list .
tr	NN	That acid we saw is exuded by barbs on its arms , as well as with its bite .
tr	NNS	My Gramps and Gramma lived in a trailer , and then they built around that .
tr	NNS	The blades flashed under the lights , blocking bullets and carving through flesh .
tr	NN	" Can any precaution be excessive when it concerns our child ? "
tr	NNS	Other family members , various aunts , uncles and cousins as well as family members started to show up .
tr	NNS	The butterflies in my stomach came alive ; a lump in my throat made it difficult for me to breathe .
tr	NN	" The contract is not yet complete , since you are still breathing .
tr	NN	The lady 's maid had unexpectedly volunteered to do the marketing , but she should have been back by now .
tr	NNS	The dinosaurs reigned for a hundred and eighty-five million years , while modern man has only been around for the past two hundred thousand years .
tr	NN	Close enough to see brief glimpses of slicing blades and billowing cloth , the ghost hunter attempts the kill .
tr	NN	Moreover , no-one goes on deck , without using a life line to fasten them .
tr	NNS	The images stare out at me , and I let out a little shriek .
tr	NNS	But oddly , the elves hit by the dark power seemed unaffected , and were able to scramble upward to safety .
tr	NN	There is a burning heap of a failed ship out there to be stripped .
tr	NN	A career she felt she 'd been born to do .
tr	NN	Just fucking kill me and get it over with .
tr	NNS	The heavily laden figures looked clumsy on the land as they performed buddy checks and waddled down to the surf .
tr	NNS	she exclaimed , all politeness evaporated .
tr	NNS	The tigers came closer but stayed back long enough for Wren to reach the gate .
tr	NN	The discovery of the lost tomb and its legendary artifact warranted more acclaim than they would get , especially out here in the wilderness .
tr	NNS	Things like that always bother him .
tr	NN	The momentum , strain , and height difference all worked in his favor .
tr	NN	A bundle of supplies lies open on a makeshift cot , along with a few sealed boxes .
tr	NNS	There are peaks and valleys galore to the northwest .
tr	NNS	My eyelids fluttered closed as he pulled me closer .
tr	NN	The assembly rang with men 's shouts and the drawing of swords .
tr	NNS	Now the images came flooding back , like a nightmare long forgotten .
tr	NNS	There were government programs aimed at subsidizing systems for the unconnected , but they were rare .
tr	NNS	The crows came down and pecked the eyes of the dead , and we didn 't even have the ammunition to shoot them .
tr	NN	The redhead gives her a courtesy smile .
tr	NN	This knight would come to respect her as an equal and not an escaped servant .
tr	NN	His past career had been outstanding - that was why Ellis had accepted him - and he was equally confident about his future .
tr	NNS	The swamp creatures quickly circled around them and boxed them in .
tr	NNS	His servants , Satan and Lucifer , jump at the chance to take what they see as rightfully theirs .
tr	NN	For some reason , his scowl faded and his lips twitched at the thought .
tr	NNS	Iridescent blue and green scales glimmered in the natural light streaming through the window , its body rippling over the dips and hard planes of his stomach .
tr	NN	" There is an icon of a sun and moon together .
tr	NNS	Even sent documents , if you can believe it .
tr	NN	" She ´ s liked you all this time , " the traveler responds .
tr	NNS	Screams of terror filled the air and the scent of blood permeated everything .
tr	NNS	His voice was so loud , those warriors around him , turned to see who had made a challenge .
tr	NNS	The hotel 's two staff members , a clerk and a maid , were friendly , however , and the rooms were warm .
tr	NNS	The pirates pushed through the screaming inhabitants , reporting back to Paddy with their insubstantial discoveries .
tr	NNS	There were paintings of medieval looking people on the walls .
tr	NN	The fur melted from his body .
tr	NN	The leopard had been too quick , sailing past him , unharmed .
tr	NNS	Maris climbed on the dais , turned her back and threw the bouquet high over her shoulder .
tr	NN	Love exists everywhere , in all things , even if your perception can 't tune in to it .
tr	NN	The script speaks to you , " she pointed to her head , " in your mind .
tr	NN	the redhead asked in a poised , almost ethereal voice .
tr	NN	The pavement looked clean .
tr	NNS	Her pupils dilated as she watched him , and goose bumps spread over her , joining the flush .
tr	NN	I blink in a daze then begin inhaling huge gulps of oxygen when I realize what 's wrong with me .
tr	NN	As seasons changed , my grandmother began to appear older , slower , more fragile .
tr	NNS	Smaller letters below spell out : SI CE 1881 .
tr	NNS	The responsibilities the child was shouldering staggered Abigail .
tr	NN	Not more than a couple of hours ago , the television had announced a C-17 crash out in California .
tr	NNS	The tests have indicated that she has acute myeloid leukemia . "
tr	NN	His comrade joined in the command before Meyer had had a chance to step over the collapsed man .
tr	NN	The thud of flesh hitting flesh echoed behind them , and in the next moment , Logan was rushing to Cale 's side .
tr	NNS	The creatures held power and magic and she identified strongly .
tr	NNS	The teachers all said how nice it was to have me there .
tr	NNS	Things began to go downhill after a month when Jayden changed .
tr	NN	My pulse quickened , anticipating her answer .
tr	NNS	Kris and I have kept this a secret to ourselves .
tr	NN	" Off with you , " said the elf , shooing the aristocrats away with his hand .
tr	NNS	Slamming the door behind him , his footsteps thundered down the stairs , out the door , and out of my life for good this time .
tr	NNS	My instincts told me to get away from him , so I forced a smile and started to walk away again .
tr	NN	Singing Fin 's praises wasn 't something Liz wanted to hear from the mouth of her son .
tr	NNS	Before magic returned to faerie , their hats were dry , and only fresh death helped them wet them again .
tr	NNS	Romulus hopped onto the bed and curled up at her side .
tr	NN	The detective 's drinking partner left , and I moved around the bar to sit with Mulberry .
tr	NNS	His movements were fast .
tr	NN	The prow ground into a muddy bank .
tr	NN	He settled on her , his hips fitted to the cradle of her thighs , his belly pressed flat to hers .
tr	NNS	My eyelids flutter against his warmth .
tr	NN	The liquid was nearly clear ; just the faintest blue tinged the thin , watery fluid .
tr	NN	The maid said we needed our rest for tonight 's festivities .
tr	NN	My own annoyance bolstered my confidence .
tr	NN	Her grandmother had taught her to play until she died when Harriet was seven , and then Harriet had continued to teach herself .
tr	NNS	Looks delicious , doesn 't it ? "
tr	NNS	His movements were quick and smooth .
tr	NNS	There were bars on all the windows .
tr	NN	The new regime had a little fun .
tr	NN	The first bullet , ripping through him , gave Cassidy the precious moments that she 'd needed to escape .
tr	NNS	There were certain qualities that you needed to cultivate and many things you needed to learn .
tr	NNS	Some Hindu practices are even older .
tr	NN	" But squid are completely different .
tr	NNS	Instead , she opted for a little rice powder , rouge and scarlet geranium petals rubbed across her lips .
tr	NNS	Things would be soooo much easier in our relationship if you were . "
tr	NNS	All cocktails are now half-price !
tr	NNS	And the sergeants could drop me out any time .
tr	NN	The downfall turned into a full-blown storm with wind and even a big bolt of lightning .
tr	NNS	" Come on , " officer Duncan said , slipping a poncho over her shoulders .
tr	NN	The implication in his tone tore through me and I was suddenly sitting upright , struggling vainly against my bonds .
tr	NNS	Their pursuers would waste precious time retracing their steps to their boat before they could begin to give chase .
tr	NNS	" But living clients are also incredibly frustrating .
tr	NN	There was only one hiccup in the first week and that was close to the end of it .
tr	NN	Such intervention from her would not be possible with the entire tribe , not anymore .
tr	NN	Had the tramp left it behind as a reminder to her customer ?
tr	NN	The lamp on the nightstand cast the room in a warm glow .
tr	NNS	Even my skills probably aren 't good enough to sneak in undetected . "
tr	NN	The lake had a way of relaxing Garcia but no matter what thoughts ran through Garcia ' s head , reflection of Mike were not far behind .
tr	NN	There wasn 't any subtly in his approach .
tr	NNS	Massive crystal chandeliers illuminated the space , more for effect than necessity .
tr	NN	" Mr. Ravel 's footman arrived earlier this morning to deliver these . "
tr	NNS	Point me in his direction , " someone eagerly requested , triggering a cheerful chorus of " Me , too , " from other chance listeners .
tr	NN	Would his hand slide further down my ass when he woke ?
tr	NNS	Chess blinked , but went on looking at her intently .
tr	NN	My grandmother slips a hand through my elbow and leads me toward Cassandra Fordham .
tr	NN	She couldn 't see underneath it , couldn 't imagine how a killer might have refined his technique over the span of five years .
tr	NN	Damn , the flickering firelight showed more than her face .
tr	NNS	Things were a little different on the opposite side of the table .
tr	NNS	" Already the accusations begin from those seeking power .
tr	NNS	The images he provoked speared through her loins , his thoughtfulness through her head and heart .
tr	NNS	There were cameras on every street corner as a deterrent .
tr	NNS	" Lights , before we can begin I have some announcements .
tr	NN	Her calf has had similar reactions .
tr	NN	Your dragon 's egg ? "
tr	NN	My rank was just enough to shock them into submission . "
tr	NN	As usual , the leap made his insides flutter .
tr	NN	He turned and gave her a once-over , a cocky half-smile crossing his lips .
tr	NN	" Good morning , " a chorus of voices responded back .
tr	NNS	Four black SUVs raced up the drive , swerving around the buses .
tr	NNS	His thumbs flick against each other , his feet tapping to an invisible beat .
tr	NNS	The deflector screens hissed faintly as he passed between them .
tr	NN	In my book I remained true to my notes ; my notes now should be impeccable , a premonition told me they might need to be .
tr	NN	The angel was still hovering over Aunt Rocky , like maybe she needed some protection or something .
tr	NNS	Meanwhile the cousins were trying to analyse all that they had seen in the Archive House of Lives .
tr	NN	" I can 't say that to the Prince , Queen , " said the herald .
tr	NN	When I turned back , my sweater securely in place , Oliver was regarding me with amusement .
tr	NN	A psychopathic werewolf was a living hell on earth .
tr	NN	Such a pipe dream .
tr	NN	My current predicament was bad enough .
tr	NNS	One sob followed another and then another , until Bernard 's shoulders heaved with emotion .
tr	NN	Love is a risk I 'm willing to take .
tr	NNS	The vegetables were crisp and fresh , but they too were different .
tr	NNS	" No worries , love . "
tr	NN	Her spunk reminded me of Kiersten .
tr	NN	My quiet sob broke and I spun , burying my face in his chest .
tr	NN	The width of the harpies ' wingspan helped them rise and fall quickly , but their turn radius was substantial .
tr	NN	" The sheriff wanted me to come over and talk with you .
tr	NNS	The authorities would be looking for him .
tr	NNS	" The nurses will find me in the morning if I don 't wake up in time . "
tr	NNS	" Things fell apart . "
tr	NNS	The kisses trailed to her ear .
tr	NNS	Her last two movies were dismal box office failures and she could no longer demand an exorbitant salary from producers .
tr	NN	Any potential challenge to that dominance needed to be crushed at once .
tr	NNS	Two planets that can 't help but collide in the frozen black lake of space .
tr	NN	The Program has many flaws , and one they 're starting to discover is with the returners themselves .
tr	NNS	Things were once so normal .
tr	NNS	Different magic users had different skills and gifts , and he was thankful that didn 't seem to be part of her repertoire .
tr	NNS	Maris laughed and dropped to her knees , holding out her arms in time to catch the tiny tornado as she launched herself forward .
tr	NN	A purplish bruise began to appear .
tr	NNS	Two red spots appeared on Calliope 's cheeks , and she jolted strangely , as if she were fighting against some kind of compulsion .
tr	NNS	More sirens -- two police cars and an ambulance twenty seconds behind -- screamed past him .
tr	NN	The pilot had called each of us to say where we would meet .
tr	NNS	The helpers must be sweeping this often .
tr	NNS	Vicious little creatures , like the one that I fought in the first garden , are attacking the vigilantes .
tr	NNS	Things aren 't what they seem . "
tr	NNS	Small drops of rain were quickly turning into large ones , and magnificent plumes of black storm clouds were being sucked thousands of miles into the atmosphere .
tr	NNS	The inexplicable changes in my moods continued .
tr	NN	The climber 's personal locator beacon had malfunctioned off and on .
tr	NN	After those six years , the government made progress , and they were reassigned , being stationed on different planets . "
tr	NNS	Delicious aromas wafted out into the hallway : spiced meat and vegetables , and something sweet in the mix .
tr	NN	The piper raised the brim of his hat .
tr	NN	As his companion rushed off with a nod , the taller warrior turned to the stream , and breathed a sigh into the air .
tr	NNS	Blue arcs of energy shot around his body from head to foot , but the Jedi Master didn 't flinch .
tr	NN	The cellar on the left was empty except for a couple of old casks , but the one on the right was sparsely furnished .
tr	NNS	" Your skills at reassurance are terrific , Liam .
tr	NNS	But in the end , only the wild lands beyond their reach survived . "
tr	NN	" Who 's teaching ? "
tr	NN	" A medical defense is our best shot .
tr	NN	On the other side of it , there was a small booth that had dried blood splattered across its interior .
tr	NN	" The smells were mixed that night . "
tr	NN	A weakness he might push past to get her alone .
tr	NNS	And these facts had become widely known .
tr	NN	A devilish gleam entered his eyes .
tr	NN	He took several steps back , a childish smile spreading slowly across his face .
tr	NNS	Things lived among the rags .
tr	NNS	" Nope , pigs aren 't flying . "
tr	NN	The palette was oddly beautiful on a woman so fair .
tr	NNS	In rapid succession another three shots popped .
tr	NN	How long will this weakness plague me ?
tr	NN	" Here is the main construction office , " the mayor extolled proudly .
tr	NN	Nick 's resolve lessened as his shoulders fell and he returned Shane 's stare .
tr	NN	The deceased and cooked captive fell next to it .
tr	NN	No wonder her clan disapproved , there was no immediate profit in that field .
tr	NN	The entire mob stood , hiding the attackers .
tr	NN	The coven inhabited a series of bunkers beneath the city , connected by old sewers and tunnels .
tr	NNS	Give me that stick ... ' ' Ah , but , you see , ducks don 't bark !
tr	NNS	There were footsteps in the hallway , something that was expressly forbidden after the closing .
tr	NNS	His khakis and cream-colored short-sleeved shirt call attention to how pale he is .
tr	NNS	All the other young warriors hung on his every word .
tr	NNS	There are baby ducks paddling near .
tr	NNS	Marius stirred in the back of the Jeep .
tr	NNS	The paintings are back on the wall where they belong .
tr	NN	Her hard snort and the delicate sniffs that follow .
tr	NNS	Others maintain that they 're the only thing not affected by it .
tr	NN	And as the moments ticked by , guilt washed over his still handsome features .
tr	NN	His explanation was that he would be overcome with a sense of anxiety when someone with a mathematical question was near him .
tr	NN	History had taught Mark that staying with Jon would be anything but serene or restful .
tr	NN	He asked , doe eyed .
tr	NNS	Her visits to his hotel were strictly sexual in every way except in the way that she looked at him - things go unspoken .
tr	NN	Kylie 's gratitude suddenly grew .
tr	NN	The beautiful goddess was the daughter of Demeter and Zeus .
tr	NN	Always a fighter , even when things are going your way . "
tr	NN	The studio must have told her that I called .
tr	NN	" It looks that way , " the sergeant frowned and then strode over in front of the group .
tr	NNS	There were already a few clients who had taken a seat in the appropriate waiting are .
tr	NN	Our sensitivity to that stimulus fades .
tr	NN	A wicked gleam lit Lucius 's eyes .
tr	NNS	Waves of fear and aggression poured from the guards , compounding the danger to the team .
tr	NN	Her accent told Stalin she was all Spanish , however .
tr	NNS	A tightness settled in his chest .
tr	NN	Terror filled his eyes .
tr	NN	Or a dragon stored up fire in its craw . "
tr	NNS	The AVG gang members were the only ones to continue their tireless activities under cover of the rain embracing the entire city .
tr	NNS	Their museums were the best around but like I 'd ever step foot in a place with overpriced coloring books framed on the wall .
tr	NNS	" My actions are no longer mine to command .
tr	NN	My Grandmother passed away two years ago .
tr	NN	The valet had tried everything including a foul-smelling salve to ease his master ... to no avail .
tr	NN	The paint was already getting tatty , mostly due to the use of sharp instruments to scratch further obscenities into it .
tr	NNS	Cars roared past and one blared its horn .
tr	NN	An ugly , chemical smell .
tr	NN	Open malice and rage emanated from Gabriel 's still form , but Kali wasn 't entirely sure those emotions were aimed at her .
tr	NN	Link helps him , and Dad 's making a lot more noise than Link is .
tr	NN	The new development had confused her about her mission -- whether it was still on .
tr	NN	Terror seized Emma as Max fell to the floor .
tr	NN	The illusion of her body made him believe in its supple softness .
tr	NN	The fellow lacked the strength to hold on .
tr	NNS	Fairy tales never came true .
tr	NNS	" Things always tend to get quieter when Lindsey 's not around . "
tr	NN	Cassie 's pulse quickened .
tr	NNS	The twins laughed and snatched off long claws to keep as souvenirs .
tr	NNS	Images of a muscle-bound man clad in leathers with a woman 's face flashed before his eyes .
tr	NN	The airport found my guitar ! "
tr	NN	For a fleeting instant his shield crumbles and his hurt is visible , but it swiftly builds back up and he 's annoyed with me again .
tr	NNS	Looks like I 'd see someone else besides Doyle and my other doctors and a handful of nurses .
tr	NN	Her grandmother stood in the doorway , her hand on the doorknob .
tr	NN	The term seemed slightly familiar .
tr	NNS	Heavy footsteps stomped up the steps .
tr	NNS	Its dragon scales glinted .
tr	NN	Part of me thought I was in love with her .
tr	NNS	Somehow , the few wisps of hair on his head looked far more pathetic than complete baldness would have .
tr	NN	There are many , such mass produced coils , today , that can be bought on the free market .
tr	NN	My demand brought his watery eyes back to mine .
tr	NNS	Aurelius was suddenly unable to meet his gaze and Domenico felt fear enveloping him .
tr	NNS	Achilles , the heroic dog , lay with head up in front of the chair , on watch .
tr	NNS	There were third-degree burns all over my hands and fingers .
tr	NN	His supervisor invites him into her office and suggests a vacation , but he politely declines .
tr	NNS	" Our body temperatures run hotter . "
tr	NN	" Your innocence is so alluring ... " Her finger hitches under my chin .
tr	NNS	' Tonight ladies , everything 's all good . '
tr	NN	Ronan 's fiery Irish accent was less than enthusiastic .
tr	NNS	It was the start of spring , the roads still icy .
tr	NN	Love would come later . "
tr	NNS	Cassius hopped down and offered me his hand .
tr	NN	The captain tried a different tactic and a dangerous one .
tr	NN	The screechy plant cackled uncontrollably .
tr	NNS	The werewolves began to scramble for cover , but most of them didn 't make it far .
tr	NNS	Aris answered over the soft crunch , crunch , crunch of their footsteps on the desert ground .
tr	NN	" How 's my favorite forensic anthropologist ? "
tr	NNS	The soldiers expressions remained skeptical , but at last one sighed .
tr	NN	More than anything else , the baby gryphon wanted to grow up to be as big , strong , and tough as his dad .
tr	NNS	Here , philosophers and other seekers sought knowledge largely for its own sake .
tr	NN	Love is a leap of faith .
tr	NNS	They face me , their expressions grave .
tr	NN	My unease grew as the call went to voicemail .
tr	NN	A pit forms in my stomach , but I can 't tell if it 's from excitement or nerves .
tr	NNS	But there were differences here too .
tr	NN	These Apache folk want to get back to their village .
tr	NNS	The dwarves had already found the pantry .
tr	NNS	These elusive creatures seemed intelligent and organized .
tr	NN	On her own ship , a bullet whizzing past her ear .
tr	NNS	Soldiers flanked Rif as well .
tr	NNS	' Us industry types aren 't that bad and it 'll come round quick , so make the most of it . '
tr	NNS	Dragons can get fat , you know , Iz .
tr	NN	" After only a week this gentleman has managed to wreak havoc among the fairer sex .
tr	NN	The electricity surges with contact .
tr	NN	The thrill was even better now , knowing that he had survived it .
tr	NNS	No jolts had hit me and I 'd relaxed a little .
tr	NN	The agent from the FBI suggested they bring some money to offer up in good faith for services rendered .
tr	NN	My short-lived respite over -- I moved to check on him .
tr	NNS	Things are not good up here .
tr	NN	Honestly , the sudden reunion with my team made me feel a little guilty .
tr	NNS	Even bakery cookies would do in a pinch .
tr	NN	When his insides turned on themselves , the growl of faraway thunder erupted .
tr	NN	To her , the dragon symbolized the fiery grief the death of her husband had brought into her life .
tr	NN	the elder asked , staring at the hooded man trying to find his face inside the hood .
tr	NNS	Cadmus held my hand and led me along the way and my only conscious thought was to wish we were already there .
tr	NNS	The ancestors gathered around it to an unexpected spectacle .
tr	NNS	All eight apartments , of course , have the same layout , with the east apartments mirroring the west .
tr	NN	Suddenly , lightning flashed , and he gasped .
tr	NN	The ship buffeted in the air and heavy rains were hitting the hull , lightning thundered in the distance .
tr	NN	Good , the colonel is not omnipotent , after all .
tr	NNS	Looks like the damsel was the only one not in distress . "
tr	NNS	' No unauthorised passengers , you know . '
tr	NNS	But the Guild 's schemes were even grander than that .
tr	NN	There is a local tribe of Indians we met yesterday , and they are willing to trade with us and have offered assistance .
tr	NNS	Thoughts and questions started to run through Tom 's mind .
tr	NNS	The heavy drapes were making him sweat .
tr	NNS	There are Disney movies made about Sea people , or Mere 's anyway .
tr	NNS	Others , including Nameless Andrew , had accounted successive failures for the scientist 's behaviour .
tr	NN	" An angel raped your mother ? "
tr	NNS	All properties and assets revert back to Mrs. Banning and her daughters .
tr	NN	There 's a pulse in my body , vibrating every pressure point .
tr	NN	Funny , the things Quinn remembers .
tr	NN	Her first inclination was to act as if she wasn 't home so he 'd go away .
tr	NNS	All the time travelers in the Circle of Twelve had different jewels allotted to them .
tr	NN	Our mate is in the next room .
tr	NNS	Loud bursts of laughter escape the mouth of the girl who is now holding open Charlie 's door .
tr	NN	A bronchial lapse nudges her reminiscence back into the shoebox under the bed .
tr	NN	The pup talked back at her .
tr	NNS	What were the chances that Gianni and Rachel had even made it to Gianni 's safety point ?
tr	NN	During the skirmish last night , the surgeon had evidently stayed behind with her .
tr	NN	Unfortunately , Mirabeau 's long gown got in the way , caught her up , and made her lose her balance and her footing .
tr	NN	The tour climbed higher , listening to their guide and also shuffling their feet over the stone steps .
tr	NNS	All the pretty bits , like secondary sexual characteristics , magnifying indefinitely while the brains hid themselves away .
tr	NNS	Certainly the uniforms were very intimidating , but the creatures themselves looked so harmless .
tr	NN	The loft was basically the only thing she had left .
tr	NNS	Others sit in the overflowing gutters watching the small rivers of water course over them .
tr	NN	Even in the poor lighting , there was no mistaking what this was : a lock of long , curling , light brown hair .
tr	NN	A trickle of fear ran through Emelia 's chest .
tr	NNS	" His finger prints were all over the room . "
tr	NN	Both Wyatt and I had taken the blame and left Miranda out of it .
tr	NN	The former New York teen model wore her platinum blonde hair in a lopsided ponytail and her gray sweatshirt was dotted with what looked like pureed carrots .
tr	NN	That diversion won 't keep the bats away long .
tr	NN	" Your grandmother 's right .
tr	NNS	In the center of the room stood a small round table , with two seats , one on each side .
tr	NNS	Things just hurt , and it was hard to know how to deal with them . "
tr	NN	And oh , the black velvet cloak , magnificent , with its lining of white satin ; it hung down to the very floor .
tr	NNS	Kris was not going to spend the entire day home .
tr	NN	The cotton was cool and did nothing to warm her , so she curled into Kevin 's body heat .
tr	NN	His nap was coming to a close , but not without a fight .
tr	NN	A cowboy was definitely the better choice for his personality .
tr	NN	The bullet hit him in the heart .
tr	NNS	Her Pokemon cards and her science kits .
tr	NNS	At present , the rats are our bitter enemies .
tr	NNS	And those figures were of a deep blue .
tr	NNS	Countess Amira is the prize , is she not ? "
tr	NNS	In the bellows room , two pairs of students took turns on the lever , under strict instructions from Max to ensure no sudden fluctuations .
tr	NNS	But these letters ... Alana picked up the newest one , her lips compressing into a tight , tense line that would surely give her premature wrinkles .
tr	NN	Your lack of fear is what enables you to have such a disregard for your safety .
tr	NN	" What if it 's a tie ? "
tr	NNS	Things like Eden 's improving eyesight .
tr	NN	Creed 's subconscious pulled out that second shot he 'd heard , the deep boom , and the pieces fell into place .
tr	NNS	About negotiations and attitudes and crap like that . "
tr	NN	Probably not the best etiquette and the waiter seems to be annoyed as he fills up our glasses water that fizzes .
tr	NN	The briefcase closed and Eastman placed the black envelope lightly beside the candle on the table-top .
tr	NNS	Huntress was about to tell them to focus when a strange sound interrupted them .
tr	NN	The ape decided it was time to quit .
tr	NN	A single living relative by name of Charles Warton Right , uncle , age 87 , confirmed death of child in 1961 .
tr	NN	If he could find the young one in time , his master would release him .
tr	NNS	Looks like four , five hours until we get there . "
tr	NN	" Morning has come again young ones .
tr	NNS	The gilded gates of the Menagerie swung open .
tr	NNS	Her closest relatives were her Aunt and Uncle in San Diego .
tr	NN	And the lemonade , " she said , thinking of his conversation .
tr	NNS	Gradually , couples and small groups began to fill the tables .
tr	NN	Mrs. Basil E. 's tradition is to have tons of people over for Christmas dinner , and enough food for a ton more .
tr	NNS	Even the silken strands in his fists felt erotic .
tr	NNS	" Others forced me to , mistress . "
tr	NNS	" If we figure out this clue , those Apple Store gift cards are ours . "
tr	NNS	The mummy 's erratic , twitching movements fill the boy 's vision as it slowly turns to face its prey .
tr	NNS	Not only did the effects vary , but those effects could last anywhere from two weeks to two months .
tr	NNS	Sometimes witnesses were reluctant to testify for fear of being victimised again on the stand .
tr	NN	After all , it has been said , " Love conquers all . "
tr	NNS	His instincts were correct .
tr	NN	The ape considered this .
tr	NN	A fine rug padded the pounding of his feet .
tr	NNS	The seats were beige leather , the trim and carpet were navy blue , and the bulkhead was lined with elaborate wood paneling .
tr	NNS	The contents had shaped hard surfaces .
tr	NNS	Tiny spots floated in front of Mike 's eyes and he quickly blinked them away .
tr	NN	The van hit a cushion of air , as if we plowed headfirst into viscous honey .
tr	NN	" No offense , but have you given thought to ... well .
tr	NNS	Something only healers know to look for .
tr	NN	There is another candidate , the Emerald Chalice of Genoa .
tr	NNS	That smoothness is Dina 's handiwork .
tr	NN	Song quickly stepped back and the rest of the company followed suit .
tr	NNS	Families couldn 't stay put and then the town folk wouldn 't want those immigrant children in their schools .
tr	NNS	Lights twinkled in the distance , as far away as the stars .
tr	NNS	Three figures stood motionless watching him with cold eyes .
tr	NN	Out on the Gulf Stream , almost out of sight on the horizon , the ever-present parade of freighters sailed both north and south .
tr	NNS	His eyelids widened a little -- someone was running towards the pub .
tr	NNS	Behind them , the rats filled the central chamber , many wounded quite badly , others feeding upon their fallen .
tr	NNS	The rats do . "
tr	NN	" What 's a bachelor ? "
tr	NN	The steak was a little tough , but Lucy 's sauce made up for it .
tr	NNS	" Things have changed . "
tr	NNS	' The creatures of the Wasteland don 't blow horns to pass things along , though .
tr	NNS	New experiences were flooding Valerian 's proud soul that night .
tr	NNS	The lies we tell are no worse than the lies others tell everyday and we can usually be more convincing .
tr	NN	" Where 's that spunk ?
tr	NNS	Gan companions had commented on his differences before now .
tr	NNS	The twins took steps without even bothering to consult with me .
tr	NNS	Words pile up in my throat , leaving me mute .
tr	NN	" My friend Amelia is speaking .
tr	NNS	Things were falling into place surprisingly well .
tr	NN	The appreciation of all art , then , is one of the purest of educational tools .
tr	NNS	There were scraps of paper already pinned to it .
tr	NN	A bushy haired brunette was wrapping up her evaluation of Lucy Burgess ' information about ... him and his personal life .
tr	NN	How was the market ? "
tr	NNS	" But the cats do resemble humans in a lot of ways . "
tr	NN	Part of that was the truth .
tr	NNS	Hands on her shoulders slammed her down to her knees .
tr	NNS	In the corridor , two Guardians were carrying on a panicked exchange .
tr	NNS	The first drops of rain came down while they were half way up a steeper section of the mountain .
tr	NN	The rope dug into her neck , burning her skin like a brand .
tr	NNS	' Put differences aside ? ' "
tr	NN	The majority of the trip would be mostly expressway but the last forty miles or so it was going to be tricky .
tr	NNS	The winds picked up in the eastern landing docks , as the Ebon Tempest slowly approached for mooring .
tr	NN	A large archway , not far from the kitchen doors , led to a decent sized room that appeared to have a couple pool tables in it .
tr	NN	A traditional , formal gown became a chic dinner dress , then a nightclub dress .
tr	NNS	The burns on his face began to heal as he yelled , " Olivia ! "
tr	NNS	Maybe the runes had made him apologize , which meant someone had drawn them on his face .
tr	NN	There was a witness .
tr	NN	I spun , the slender wooden stake raised .
tr	NN	The bitch had somehow kept a key .
tr	NNS	Strange , the daggers shooting from her frosty eyes contrasted greatly with the smile on her lips .
tr	NN	The long scythe so grimly associated with its kind is instead a rod of justice .
tr	NNS	The hounds were close behind them .
tr	NNS	The hostages knew that they wouldn 't be truly safe until Clementine and her crew were either gone or dead .
tr	NN	" The Hand is kind . "
tr	NNS	Bryan 's cameras had recorded the whole incident anyway .
tr	NNS	The leather seats smelled warm and inviting , the steering wheel oversized under the palms of his hands .
tr	NNS	The traders heralded spring when they arrived at the royal court on their yearly journey around the island .
tr	NNS	He stopped and turned to look at me , his thumbs tucked in the front pocket of his jeans .
tr	NNS	Or of entire villages being slaughtered by monsters from the frozen reaches . "
tr	NNS	The rats were probably waking up and could appear at the entrance at any time .
tr	NNS	Lots of people kill other people every day .
tr	NN	What idiots thought it was normal for local police to have armored tanks , high powered military ordinance , spy cams , and drones ?
tr	NNS	Thin spires stabbed the air like streaks of light .
tr	NNS	Watching out the window , white figures are swarming the car , some hitting it with a thud .
tr	NNS	Black stockings kept my legs warm , and I 'd paired it with black ankle boots .
tr	NNS	Her late grandparents were British , but she was all-American .
tr	NNS	Had to be worth millions of dollars , and Jack had chosen to have it hung here !
tr	NNS	ii There , on a platform , the gallows awaited its next victim , while a decent-sized crowd was anticipating the day 's entertainment .
tr	NN	His thrust became a little deeper as he skated the edge of his control .
tr	NNS	My classmates worked on their dance routine .
tr	NN	This ranch would go on , too .
tr	NN	One deep pit was once an ancient spring from whence the substance of magic rose from the middle of the world to come to Falcon Point .
tr	NN	But the conviction in Bart 's voice made his blood simmer .
tr	NNS	Diggs is tall -- I forget how tall sometimes , but standing there in my bare feet in his kitchen , he seemed very big .
tr	NNS	Hands folded demurely in front of me , I enter , the picture of humbleness .
tr	NN	Ok , maybe she should have limited those comments to no more than two .
tr	NN	" My motto is to serve and protect . "
tr	NNS	Luminous globes rose from the waters , lifted on dark stalks .
tr	NN	And all she felt at the sight was a thrill of excitement and anticipation .
tr	NNS	As expected , the brutal murders of an adulterous judge and his young girlfriend were splendid gifts to the media and the tabloids .
tr	NN	' What 's a shield ? '
tr	NNS	My paws I clad in rubber grip gloves , these are not your everyday gloves .
tr	NN	the man in the suit said , picking up some freshly printed training folders because , he 'd said , his secretary was sick .
tr	NN	The courtroom hadn 't seen much maintenance or attention over the years .
tr	NN	As far as Mercy was concerned , the older prayer ambassador did a poor job of feigning innocence .
tr	NNS	These political functions weren 't her idea of a good time , but she never complained .
tr	NNS	His pupils dilated as he gazed at her .
tr	NN	Love filled her heart and she dropped a light kiss on top of his head .
tr	NNS	Perhaps his winnings at the gaming tables had made him believe he could win no matter what the odds .
tr	NNS	His diaries are very important to me . "
tr	NNS	" If you were guilty of any mismanagement , " Pratt continued , " the authorities would expect you to be scrambling right now . "
tr	NN	Part of me knew I was just trying to make the end less painful , trying to ease his way out of our world .
tr	NNS	The nurses have been telling me how much they need teachers here .
tr	NNS	Montgomery novels tended to be long ; his newest book was almost nine hundred pages .
tr	NNS	" Three quarters , " he corrected and sniffed .
tr	NN	There was never any proof of what he did to women .
tr	NN	My only truly coherent notion was that her blood was not saturated with alcohol .
tr	NN	The scathing look he gave me suggested , however , that he found as little pleasure in me as I did in him .
tr	NN	Legionnaires streamed into the room , swords drawn , some bearing bows .
tr	NNS	Fionn 's warriors began carrying them back to Faerie , the bodies of friend and foe alike .
tr	NN	A vacation might get it back on track . "
tr	NN	The compulsion will only grow stronger .
tr	NN	That bitch always hated me .
tr	NNS	Folks around town would frown on that .
tr	NNS	Sirens blare a few miles away in the opposite direction .
tr	NNS	All you professor types talk a lot when you get started . "
tr	NNS	His more then serious expressions made him appear unapproachable , which was not totally inaccurate .
tr	NNS	There are four dinners , three appetizers and two bottles of wine , plus a hunk of chocolate cake . "
tr	NNS	On the U.S. side , the customs stalls were empty as the customs officials received a warning not to report to work .
tr	NN	The conditioning of subprime , genetic wastelands was technically his area of expertise , but impending promotions had left the Citizen frustrated with old tasks .
tr	NN	Up the street , a new trio appeared .
tr	NN	On closer inspection , a wide scratch marred the right side .
tr	NNS	The nurses applied pressure to all the major arteries that would affect the wrist , but the blood would not stop .
tr	NN	A pretty pink blush spread to her cheeks when our eyes met .
tr	NN	The colonel piped up with , " You don 't need to worry about who 's who .
tr	NNS	The tales he 'd heard about its ruler , though , were never the most endearing of stories .
tr	NN	The reflection cast into its surface by a single ray of moonlight from the window made me pause .
tr	NN	Dizzy , the steam mist blinding him .
tr	NN	The maid could vacuum them up later .
tr	NN	The sealed hatch into the freighter lay directly beyond the Bay Eight opening .
tr	NN	There 's the berating I 'd been waiting for .
tr	NNS	Animals do too murder .
tr	NNS	The authorities had cleared her , but that didn 't mean the public agreed .
tr	NNS	Ruddy jaws went slack .
tr	NN	Elise 's mate looked nearly as affected as Claire felt .
tr	NN	Annalise 's backyard was empty but well-tended .
tr	NN	Instant obedience is the ideal .
tr	NNS	Mostly readers are very forgiving of plot holes unless it ruins the story .
tr	NN	His h * ps rocked against mine .
tr	NN	" Love is of the Creator of Life .
tr	NN	Kincaid had sandy blond hair that was slicked back into a low ponytail and strong , pronounced cheekbones a model would have been envious of .
tr	NNS	" Your accommodations are ready for you as always .
tr	NN	The Child of Light is in danger ! '
tr	NNS	The mattress springs groaned and the padding of heavy feet came toward her .
tr	NN	Every student within a hundred miles of Bixby made the visit at least three times during their school career .
tr	NN	That notion was too ridiculous to even mention .
tr	NN	That lack of closure had haunted her for centuries .
tr	NN	The intern turned towards him and squinted at the light .
tr	NN	A footman was coming down the grand staircase , moving quietly as a cat , his gaze focused on the porter .
tr	NN	' No accounting for taste , I suppose . '
tr	NN	There was a tinge of amusement in his voice .
tr	NN	The maid looked over her shoulder at Gilmore who was removing the empty bottle from Haddington 's bedroom .
tr	NNS	No further attempts on your life will happen before the election .
tr	NN	A bare limb scraped over the windshield , then her headlights caught the dark bulk of the trailer , almost concealed among the trees .
tr	NNS	But there are factions .
tr	NN	No crosses of brass reptiles .
tr	NN	Yet her dragon had hit her like that before while training , so she barely felt Lorcan 's fist .
tr	NN	Her grandmother turned back to face her .
tr	NN	Even a light stroke of his fingers along her thigh sent her into a dizziness that took her a half hour to overcome .
tr	NN	The priest held the golden basin .
tr	NN	The visage of a skull emblazoned on it .
tr	NNS	Their expressions are hard to read , eerie in the dim light .
tr	NNS	Things I figured I 'd eventually say to my sister , or perhaps a daughter .
tr	NN	The writing was totally foreign to her eyes .
tr	NNS	Hephaestus reached around a support strut , lifted a large hammer from a toolbox and watched their legs as they stalked about .
tr	NNS	The dog 's head spoke of intelligence , his jaws were long and powerful and deep .
tr	NN	" My uncle ... he wants me to ... to marry him . "
tr	NN	" Brand new , " Jimmy Dale said proudly .
tr	NN	The foot ferry from Bremerton was just getting in , and the first wave of shipyard workers disembarked .
tr	NN	His uncharacteristically conservative manner of play consisted of frequent folding and little to no bluffing .
tr	NN	The sharpened tip buried itself deep inside the airship 's rubber shell .
tr	NNS	The fall colors were rich and striking , like a landscape painting , but even that didn 't lift her spirits .
tr	NN	Then the video turned to static . "
tr	NNS	Hopefully the werewolves didn 't know more about me , like where my loved ones lived .
tr	NN	McNab 's tail lashed Cameron 's legs , and Ainsley laughed and bent to pet the dog 's head .
tr	NN	" Diego 's daddy ran off with another woman two months before we met .
tr	NNS	" There are other single ladies around . "
tr	NN	The degree of light astonished her .
tr	NN	She was the sergeant , wasn " t she ?
tr	NNS	The zombies were breaking up , howling and coming our way .
tr	NNS	Out of options , Link braces for impact as the most destructive punch imaginable flies at his chest .
tr	NN	The dwarf fought back , wildly swinging his fists at me .
tr	NNS	Her characters were giving her a hard time .
tr	NNS	Below her , the streetlights looked a hazy yellow through the dreary mist .
tr	NNS	Here , the professors were imposing and powerful , and it was unthinkable not to meet their high expectations .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared , and he looked suddenly proud .
tr	NN	The bleating goat tied to the stake .
tr	NN	There was a dock stretching toward the middle of the lake .
tr	NN	The leader became belligerent , the knife shaking in his trembling hand .
tr	NN	A rustle in the trees brought the hair on her nape to a stand .
tr	NN	" Ok shoot . "
tr	NNS	One recovering alcoholic in this bond is bad enough .
tr	NN	There was also an ad for a personal bodyguard , asking for night hours .
tr	NNS	The few eggs skimming the surface are no longer white .
tr	NNS	There were several rows of broken benches to one side -- white marble that had been meticulously carved with the faces of old gods .
tr	NN	* * Warm sunshine streamed down on my face .
tr	NN	Phase two could begin , and the final act of undermining the credibility of the police would be deferred until Jack Renton had recovered .
tr	NN	The bruise on her face wasn 't going to terrify small children or anything , but it wasn 't particularly attractive , either .
tr	NNS	Reading objects is getting easier than it was when we started . "
tr	NN	His preoccupation with his next victim took precedence , and his eyes glazed over with predatory concentration .
tr	NNS	Her blades vanished as she smiled down at Emily .
tr	NNS	The guardians took out most of them , and field Alchemists were pretty busy covering up .
tr	NNS	" Sometimes , the appetizers are better than the main course . "
tr	NN	That route takes you down through South Carolina and then across Alabama .
tr	NNS	Things were starting to make sense in the weirdest way possible .
tr	NNS	But the tunnels were full to the top .
tr	NNS	Things couldn 't change that fast .
tr	NN	My next leap was drastic , but again , I felt pretty confident of my instincts .
tr	NNS	There were ice ages in this woman 's eyes , too .
tr	NNS	Things stopped spinning in the air and dropped immediately to the floor .
tr	NNS	But as she put her arms around his neck and began to respond to the teasing of his lips , his kisses began to deepen .
tr	NNS	His footsteps dissipate , and the tension in me reduces as he stomps away .
tr	NNS	Would wonders never cease ?
tr	NNS	Things had been getting very uncomfortable around here .
tr	NN	There was a crash at the kitchen door , then the knob turned and Brady came in giggling , with Vincent close behind .
tr	NN	A polite , painted admiral escorted us onto another ship that will sail us all the way to Paris .
tr	NN	His success -- and he was successful in his own right -- was , nevertheless , coupled with that of Greene .
tr	NNS	What a pompous brute !
tr	NN	My secretary has not come to work for over a week now . "
tr	NN	The entryway once again became dark .
tr	NNS	" The experiments are already in danger of being shut down if we cannot prove to our superiors that we are capable of controlling them .
tr	NN	The scratch on her chest throbbed .
tr	NN	The coroner pulled back the sheets on the first table .
tr	NN	" Won 't the nerve gas kill us too ? "
tr	NNS	Words never came out right for the old man .
tr	NNS	The chances of it being him were slim .
tr	NNS	" At least my jackets have two full sleeves .
tr	NNS	There are rows around us and soon the Sheetrock and insulation will go up to make walls .
tr	NNS	The notches on your bedpost are long , as is the line .
tr	NN	Even the shattering of her beer bottle over his windshield had done little to wake him .
tr	NNS	" Those ducks are ferocious . "
tr	NNS	Both effects are very rare .
tr	NNS	My chances for a talk with you are very bad .
tr	NNS	" Lights still aren 't working , either . "
tr	NNS	Despite the dry summer , the velvety moss was pushing water up between my toes .
tr	NNS	Half our ideas are insane .
tr	NN	" Her intent was not pure enough . "
tr	NNS	Opaque glass squares also lined the walls behind the two , letting some light fight the dark room .
tr	NNS	Other recipes might involve something similar to what Amber made to include a cheese filling .
tr	NNS	" My Bugs , that 's a pretty deep analysis .
tr	NN	His chuckle stopped her .
tr	NNS	We got the west wall tonight , over on the south wall , zombies are dead all over the place .
tr	NNS	Romulus abandoned his calm pretense .
tr	NN	The brave was a Cheyenne scout .
tr	NN	But the damned software didn 't work .
tr	NN	Part of him -- the decent part , he supposed -- hadn 't wanted to break down .
tr	NNS	My wrists twitch , making the straps pull tighter .
tr	NNS	If a person is motionless in the view long enough the AI processor losses track of him .
tr	NNS	The dinosaurs hadn 't chased them .
tr	NN	The sub suddenly rolled , heaving to one side .
tr	NNS	Reyes studied the sandwiches .
tr	NNS	Afternoon classes flew by .
tr	NNS	Vivid images of straddling that bronzed , perfect body had her abruptly shoving him away so she could head for the door .
tr	NNS	Ten creatures descended upon him in a blur .
tr	NNS	Suddenly , there were footsteps behind her .
tr	NN	There was a twinkle in his brown eyes .
tr	NNS	The two young Templars seemed to have noticed whatever it was as well and were looking in fascination at the object trundling toward them .
tr	NN	' A Class Ten , in my line ! '
tr	NNS	The batteries were so small and effective we could charge them in one day in the California desert .
tr	NN	" An eye witness reported that you are responsible for the recent tagging across the city .
tr	NN	The medic sighs , " All right then .
tr	NN	Her hesitation made him suspicious .
tr	NNS	These two idiots had no idea what they were doing .
tr	NNS	Within were a series of old rusted chains and hooks , like something from an ancient fishing trawler .
tr	NNS	35 Providence , clear of all earthly distractions , set in on her work .
tr	NN	The seasoned fighter took in a deep breath before continuing .
tr	NNS	Bugs had been stewing for a very long time .
tr	NN	Her snort of derision was almost as insulting as her words .
tr	NNS	The fullness of his lips close to hers .
tr	NNS	Religious leaders were abuzz with talk of how Jerusalem ( " the city of peace " ) was finally going to live up to its name .
tr	NNS	" Things are difficult for me at the moment .
tr	NN	" Yeah well , my budget has been tight . "
tr	NNS	" Sun flares have ravaged many parts of the earth .
tr	NNS	Only their white hats showed above the rocks .
tr	NNS	Her spines flared outward , and his gaze heated at the sight .
tr	NNS	Looks like the duct tape made a good seal .
tr	NNS	Someone taps me on the shoulder and I don ´ t want to look back .
tr	NN	But her instinct told her his room would be upstairs .
tr	NN	The angel shrugged again .
tr	NN	" The coast , " I said quickly before Dex actually filled them in .
tr	NNS	How many Masters can say they 've dueled a Dark Lord of the Sith and lived ?
tr	NNS	" But the emails I got from her said there were caretakers .
tr	NN	A map flew open on the browser when he searched for the address .
tr	NN	The highway offered a bike lane , which they shared with a surprising number of hikers and other cyclists .
tr	NN	Your daddy has lots of money , but he 's a socialist .
tr	NN	The dimple at the side of his mouth winked and for a split second , she forgot to breath .
tr	NNS	The other passengers returned to oblivious ignorance as Brick instinctively inspected the cash .
tr	NNS	The wolves stopped and evaded their opponents and began to run together to a spot in the castle .
tr	NN	Their winter garb blended with the snow and granite of the densely wooded highlands .
tr	NN	" Your uncle and I had a. . .
tr	NNS	My footsteps died away on the dark red , deep pile carpets inside the lobby .
tr	NNS	Names came back to him , as if bats were whispering in his ear .
tr	NN	The static sputtered as she waited for an answer .
tr	NN	Every single nerve ending seemed to have flared into life .
tr	NNS	There were no orc drums that day , one of the few times the orcs hadn 't performed their dark battle ceremonies .
tr	NN	Where 's the baritone ? "
tr	NN	Infinitely distant , infinitely lonely , almost beyond the gift of hearing , the harpy 's keening shriek tore the sky .
tr	NN	The renovation wouldn 't be as easy a task as she 'd first hoped .
tr	NNS	Jewels sat side by side with empty beer bottles .
tr	NN	Another crash sounded outside .
tr	NN	The Abu Dhabi stock exchange was in upheaval because of a beautiful woman filmed naked .
tr	NNS	The cameras would eat you up .
tr	NN	The old instinct to cringe swept through her but this time Chloe fought it .
tr	NN	There was a thick thud and then the sickening sound of frenzied eating as the hounds devoured one of their own that had obviously been injured .
tr	NN	A deep wrinkle appeared between Isabel 's eyes .
tr	NNS	Its red scales gleamed in the sunlight as the beast stretched its entire body .
tr	NN	I ' l see you ! "
tr	NN	It 's just Lynchburg , " JJ replies , taking a sip of water .
tr	NN	Josh 's flashlight was the only thing keeping them from total darkness under the thick canopy of trees .
tr	NNS	There were no ghosts from his past haunting him .
tr	NN	" My grandma told me .
tr	NN	The cough comes again and I wander over to the room directly opposite Mrs. Mayberry 's .
tr	NNS	Others pretend to have forgotten . "
tr	NN	From here , their range varies from three hundred to three hundred and ten yards .
tr	NN	The stairwell , like the room above , was well lit .
tr	NNS	The ghosts pounced from the shadows , stabbing , ripping rapidly and repeatedly , hands over mouths to muffle the dying screams .
tr	NNS	Their creamy , pink colors swirled with the wind in perfect sine waves .
tr	NNS	On one side of the room , there were boxers of the same race as Lea wearing their boxing equipment .
tr	NN	" The medicine has gone to work , hasn 't it ? "
tr	NNS	His motives were more genuine .
tr	NN	Your bomb tech 's down there , too . "
tr	NNS	Lights flared out in the darkness to the right .
tr	NNS	Sentinels don 't show fear .
tr	NN	Ancient machinery sat in rusted hulks , creating eerie shapes in the darkness .
tr	NN	A shelf slid out of the wall , offering a row of neatly placed bowls .
tr	NNS	Barnabas froze , then looked aghast at me .
tr	NNS	Things slowed down dramatically after the first two years . "
tr	NN	" A very powerful seer told me that , once .
tr	NNS	Images of his ex-wife flashed though his head along with regret .
tr	NNS	Her full lips were slightly parted , a few strands of hair stuck to her cheek .
tr	NN	The redhead looked me over as if I were a giant ice cream cone , contemplating if I were worth the calories .
tr	NN	" My goal was to erase the problem before it all came through .
tr	NNS	But then , his actions hadn 't mattered .
tr	NN	And then there was a shuttle pilot , I never found out his last name , but he insisted I call him Jake .
tr	NNS	Things made of bits and bytes and also things made of paper .
tr	NN	When the exhibitors filed a lawsuit , the government stepped in and stopped the practice .
tr	NN	" Don 't doubt my words and knowledge so easily , Locke Cole , " the ninja said in tight tones .
tr	NNS	The nurses hissed anything they could think of to shut me up .
tr	NN	An enthusiastic but calm applause ensues .
tr	NNS	Looks like some major hemorrhaging where the bullet hit the spleen , pancreas and kidney .
tr	NNS	Sunlight damages the body , as do environmental factors , and things we eat or drink .
tr	NN	When suggestions started Danny the art graduate took pen to paper .
tr	NN	The core was also surely inefficient ; its imperfect nature would make it consume more energy for the same result .
tr	NNS	Their similar appearances gave the impression that one was the father of the other two men .
tr	NN	Ben 's scowl wasn 't having the bone-chilling effect on him that it was on me .
tr	NN	" And how would your next-door neighbor know that ? "
tr	NNS	Girls stared at him in surprise .
tr	NNS	More Templars were approaching now .
tr	NN	The captain bowed as he left their cabin .
tr	NN	" Let him speak , " the leader said .
tr	NN	The Song of the Lights began to play in the Binding room .
tr	NNS	The only signs of civilization are the stone walls that mark Malvern 's pastures .
tr	NNS	Classes are really good " - that was stretching the truth - " and I 've made friends here .
tr	NNS	The wipers cast the snow aside , clearing the pane .
tr	NN	The tease in his voice , made her feel as if she might enjoy that too .
tr	NNS	The whispers were silent down here .
tr	NNS	Black spots danced before his eyes and he feared he 'd lose consciousness again .
tr	NN	The artifact will double that .
tr	NNS	My instincts took over .
tr	NN	Clint 's ire was starting to swell , but he forced himself to let it go .
tr	NNS	' I 'm coming to get you , ' whispers Edith , clutching the framed photograph to her bosom .
tr	NN	The festival turned out to be a combination of an old-fashioned Halloween party and what Emily imagined a village fete in old England had been like .
tr	NN	" My mistress has also been in a battle tonight . "
tr	NN	Delores 's interruption and inflection showed genuine surprise .
tr	NNS	Many persons begin later than others . "
tr	NNS	Inside his brain were the images of what was going on in the cabin of the ship and views of the outside of the ship .
tr	NN	The parlor , which boasted couches and a gigantic flat-screen TV , was where a lot of her sisters liked to hang out .
tr	NN	Already that video has almost a million hits , and the ads on that page alone are raking in a small fortune .
tr	NN	" Which is so unusual for us , these days , " Jazz agreed blandly .
tr	NNS	At the same time the cats thrust out and ran down the stairs , and soon he heard from the kitchen below jumping and dish rattling .
tr	NN	" My uncle , he , uh , keeps things interesting .
tr	NNS	The Lama 's helpers prepared her for her path walk .
tr	NNS	The murders had been carefully choreographed .
tr	NN	Final y , when the steps of the others had faded into the distance , he tugged my hand and we jogged off after them .
tr	NN	The thickness in her throat made it impossible to speak , so she shook her head .
tr	NNS	Cadmus opened the doors to our suite and I entered , turning to kiss him as soon as our bedroom doors were closed and we were alone .
tr	NN	Nausea rose in Lauren 's throat .
tr	NNS	Some immortals simply couldn 't handle coffee .
tr	NNS	Several potential buyers have been through the house , and nobody 's placed an offer yet .
tr	NN	At that point the red haired guard loudly hung up the phone and turned to speak to the guard watching the monitors .
tr	NNS	They crawled all over the room before us like a collection of spliced nightmares , faceless terrors from an ancient story .
tr	NNS	Looks like he ´ s the one who wants to kill him .
tr	NNS	" Well , how could two such complete idiots have a relatively nice son ?
tr	NN	and my personal favourite " If literature is to Shakespeare and Science is to Einstein .
tr	NN	Hurt , betrayal and disbelief were all evident in her gaze .
tr	NNS	Just coke , or orange juice , or whatever , understand ? "
tr	NN	Not even a rug ran beneath his feet to mute the clack of his boots on the stones .
tr	NNS	The forks slipped in easily .
tr	NNS	Romulus arched his eyebrows , waiting for an explanation .
tr	NN	My angel has both now .
tr	NNS	" Names are for people and pets . "
tr	NNS	West 's sneakers squeak against the concrete floor as he walks over to me .
tr	NN	But guilt was never far from his thoughts , and he couldn 't help but worry about having her competent consent .
tr	NN	This family reunion had already made the short list of the best days of her life .
tr	NN	Terror chilled her fevered skin .
tr	NN	As if it 's trying to argue my point , the snake rattles its tail and its broken body writhes .
tr	NNS	Flames were already licking his body .
tr	NN	The poor heroine didn 't stand a chance .
tr	NN	The billionaire genius was the type who would leave her devastated after one night of passion .
tr	NNS	In turn , the witnesses spoke .
tr	NN	A sizable stone remnant remained over his arm .
tr	NNS	My eyelids lift open and I gradually sit up , my head retaliating with blinding pain .
tr	NN	The US government does not have authority beyond the twenty-four mile line .
tr	NNS	Crimson petals splashed all over the otherwise pristine snow .
tr	NNS	Maybe the courts would go easy on the professor .
tr	NNS	In truth , the creatures didn 't understand if they were alive or dead .
tr	NNS	My colored contacts are an old prescription .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of the gun distracted her .
tr	NN	When it came to making love , a feather was the ultimate instrument of torture .
tr	NN	The madman who gives all the orders decided to bring them here to serve as a human barricade when the war starts .
tr	NNS	The symptoms aren 't the same .
tr	NNS	Cars and horses speed past , splashing through the puddles .
tr	NN	The painful growl from her midsection demanded priority so she dove into the plate of delectable food , taking no prisoners .
tr	NNS	Lots of fishermen take their dogs along .
tr	NNS	There were no working cameras here . "
tr	NN	There is a legend in Indonesia that talks about a beautiful princess , who was cursed and turned into a snail .
tr	NN	" The thorough explanation is too complex to convey to you here .
tr	NN	Thick , dark clouds threatened on all sides and as far as Kenny could see they covered the rain forest below them .
tr	NNS	" What are you demands ? "
tr	NNS	Where are the greasy leftovers that need to be drained after half the package ?
tr	NN	A giggle escaped as a snort .
tr	NNS	Others turned into blood baths .
tr	NN	Before answering the seer asked , " Is the one like a child with them ? "
tr	NNS	Her fingernails curled and pressed hard into his palm , a promise that he would be punished later .
tr	NN	The tissue looked filthy with flesh , which was disconcerting .
tr	NN	So , ' The Door 's author is here ... He should proceed with a great caution .
tr	NNS	Waves smashed down on him , soaking him in blood .
tr	NNS	His explanations were only getting worse -- saying nothing at all was starting to feel better .
tr	NN	A sliver of Jessica 's slight figure appeared in the crack of the door .
tr	NNS	Those uptight , heavily starched suits are so depressing .
tr	NNS	My footsteps halted just in front of him .
tr	NNS	Or had the warriors for some reason denied them sanctuary at their compound ?
tr	NNS	When we made it back the oranges disappeared almost instantly .
tr	NN	My core pulsed in time with my racing heart .
tr	NNS	Elias hurried after them .
tr	NN	In the next second , something crackled and the lights went out .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , the tightness on her back , just below her shoulders , told her there was more .
tr	NNS	Our footsteps echoed off the polished floor and I had no doubt even a whisper would reverberate against the vaulted ceiling .
tr	NN	For watching a girlie movie to make me happy . "
tr	NNS	" However , our opponents do not .
tr	NNS	For the first time ever , the gears in the old girlie factory started to turn and my female bits ignited .
tr	NNS	Witches tasted so good ... When she realized what thoughts were pouring through her mind , she slapped herself on the cheek .
tr	NNS	18 Nicolas no longer felt in control of his mind .
tr	NN	A cart trundled through the freezing foggy streets , the driver hunched in his seat .
tr	NN	Tough fucking break . "
tr	NN	The van swerved to a stop by the side of the road .
tr	NN	A grunt left my lips as my hip struck the metal rail .
tr	NNS	Sirens blared in his ears as though they were inches away .
tr	NN	The nightclub wasn 't open yet .
tr	NNS	Upstairs , in their bedchamber , Eleanor was knitting booties .
tr	NNS	And these spies often look like ordinary mechs . "
tr	NNS	" Try to remember , the insults are only funny in text form . "
tr	NNS	" At once the villagers came to do what must be done .
tr	NNS	Myles hadn 't heard this .
tr	NN	The acid in the earth there led to an exceptional vintage .
tr	NNS	There were no striking objects that the eye might single out ; but in all there was a charm of beauty .
tr	NN	The stone staircase sloped down toward the stage .
tr	NNS	Hands rested on my shoulders , and I looked up into Evan 's eyes .
tr	NN	" You still do not understand , " the angel shook his head .
tr	NN	Silence fol owed , and Kylie knew what it would be like living with her mom , dealing with her mom 's prejudices and awkward silences .
tr	NN	" There was another werewolf . "
tr	NNS	Her nostrils flared with the force of her breathing .
tr	NN	The art in this museum is worth billions and they guard it carefully .
tr	NNS	Soon enough their efforts reached their apex , and then their breathing began to slow .
tr	NN	Like WWII battles , dawn brought surging violence and night brought an uneasy quiet .
tr	NNS	Words are everything to human beings .
tr	NNS	So her skills were sadly lacking .
tr	NN	The Russian language uses a different alphabet all together .
tr	NN	The cloudy mass rose up to a height of about five feet , before the Archive murmured a word .
tr	NN	Eli casual y pushed Samuel and Claire to the side to approach me .
tr	NN	You 'll have two minutes to battle it out , " said the drill sergeant .
tr	NN	A pit in my stomach grew .
tr	NN	Love turned to Stuart , a frown creasing his forehead .
tr	NNS	His face only inches from hers , he bit out , " Of course you knew it was him , you murderous little bitch ! "
tr	NN	The unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this copyrighted work is illegal .
tr	NNS	Flames were licking up the barrels ; crates catching fire .
tr	NNS	The twins looked like they had been running away across the sports field when they were murdered .
tr	NN	No autopsy would reveal a thing .
tr	NNS	First , strangely , the owls had died .
tr	NN	And my video cam . "
tr	NNS	But thumbs - I never heard of such a thing . "
tr	NN	A cough from the open doorway had him straightening himself again .
tr	NN	There was a stirring as people got on to the floats or formed up to march .
tr	NNS	The one Gil had made her ( which had tasted good , by the way ) .
tr	NN	Caroline 's appetite for unhealthy food evaporated .
tr	NNS	Too soon the platters on the table were empty .
tr	NN	" I 'm Lizzy , " the medic said .
tr	NN	By comparison , his yard looked like a golf course fairway .
tr	NN	The angel runs through the forest , across a bridge stretching over a fiery river until she is trapped upon a steep cliff .
tr	NNS	Colorful arcs of light bridged the gulfs between stands .
tr	NNS	Other than a small egg at the base of his skull , there were no outward signs of damage .
tr	NN	This paperback showed serious signs of being read and reread .
tr	NNS	And there was no shyness in those eyes .
tr	NN	The poor chaplain couldn 't even bring himself to say it .
tr	NNS	Surveillance monitors showed what was going on in other levels .
tr	NNS	The ideas are actually different .
tr	NNS	As one , the Council members filed out of the chamber , followed by Liam , until only Drake and Elena remained .
tr	NN	Link stared at her .
tr	NNS	Your ancestors were hunters too ?
tr	NNS	Yet since Earnest had started his research into manipulating people 's minds , his colleagues had grown fearful of him .
tr	NN	A mass of tentacles cradled the foil and delighted in the scent of self that it gave from its brittle skin .
tr	NN	Like I was meant to be sunshine but got confused and haven 't been able to free myself of the darkness for a really long time .
tr	NNS	Things were already changing with the Colonel gone .
tr	NNS	The twins were full-blooded immortals at birth like Xavier , but their powers began to mature at a much earlier age .
tr	NNS	She should have said No , mothers are never bad , mothers are always good !
tr	NN	His hatred of everything was for the moment subsumed in the sheer joy of space .
tr	NNS	The ceilings speak a different language from the floors .
tr	NNS	The poets would praise him and the musician would compose songs to glorify his name .
tr	NN	The shark 's tail sent me flying across the boat .
tr	NN	Put your back into it , " the werewolf snapped at Ashe .
tr	NNS	What if more unexpected visitors arrive ?
tr	NN	" And Bel a wil open her eyes in thirty-seven seconds .
tr	NNS	Early grail romances involved Percival and were woven into the Arthurian legend .
tr	NN	Not far away was a stack of cut firewood .
tr	NN	Thankfully a gentleman comes over to our table and he withdraws it immediately .
tr	NN	Her weave laced across his forehead .
tr	NN	The notion made him laugh .
tr	NNS	Things have come out of the Castle .
tr	NN	The soup du jour had some sliced up turnips in it along with a couple of carrots .
tr	NNS	" By the way , what do those boards say ? "
tr	NN	A bullet whizzes past my head .
tr	NN	The liquid seared his throat and slid to his stomach , and he felt a bit better .
tr	NNS	Worlds became fertile , their parts arranging to his hand , bearing life .
tr	NN	Moments later , headlight beams bleached across him and he stepped farther away from the road and kept on walking .
tr	NNS	The dampness caused the soft tendrils of hair at her nape to curl .
tr	NNS	Three more booms followed , each of them as loud as the first .
tr	NNS	In my grandfather 's strong and loving arms , the fears and uncertainty of the future seemed to melt away and I felt only confidence .
tr	NN	The roar in Janelle 's head -- and the wind around her -- started fading .
tr	NN	The thick layer of mud on the soles kept them quiet .
tr	NNS	Hands curled around the back of my chair , and Garrick 's body leaned in close to mine .
tr	NN	" The treatment plant can 't hold it owing to its low capacity .
tr	NNS	For their part , the rats appeared to contemplate none of these things .
tr	NN	He sent the scales back , each batch wrapped up like a present , to the corresponding fathers .
tr	NNS	The goblins watched them , and us , from a tight huddled knot , as if they weren 't sure whose side they were on .
tr	NN	A castle that seemed to be traveling across her ceiling jumped from one part to another as a van honked by and parked next door .
tr	NN	The hawk had never seen the serpent eat such food before but flew off to retrieve the grass .
tr	NNS	Dark drops of blood flew with each of Max 's movements ; he was obviously hurt somewhere .
tr	NN	Part of him wanted to push her away and list the reasons they didn 't belong together .
tr	NN	His Leah loved him .
tr	NN	The captain turns bright red .
tr	NNS	These meetings were mostly a bore but it gave him a chance to meet his friends and go for a beer afterward .
tr	NNS	If the men came back while I was down there , the tunnels would most likely be my tomb .
tr	NNS	Bugs would often perform for would-be benefactors who found his one-man shows of dance and dialogue both comedic and entertaining .
tr	NNS	Just as the werewolves were more .
tr	NNS	A lid slams shut just above my head .
tr	NNS	" Don 't , " Bran whispers , his hand on my arm .
tr	NN	But the crazy bitch was still talking .
tr	NNS	" Morning hugs , " Tristan said .
tr	NNS	Rock bits spewed in the air , bit at her skin , even as exhaust fumes choked her .
tr	NNS	Aris came down beside her , leaned on his elbow and poured his inscrutable silver gaze over her boneless figure .
tr	NN	Ducking at the absolute last second , the bard managed to roll aside .
tr	NNS	These two aliens brought us back to Earth and they didn 't need to .
tr	NNS	The low worn hills conceal intricate sculptures of devastating beauty and dangerous enticement .
tr	NN	The principal jumped out of the way , and she sped through the parking lot .
tr	NN	Now this financial hardship on her shoulders as well has made her old .
tr	NN	There is no hesitation , no time for them to consider anything I 've said ; their response is predetermined and immediate .
tr	NN	My poor Nicky , " Agatha sighed .
tr	NNS	There are no limits to the death , destruction , and mayhem I will bring to your doorstep if it suits my needs .
tr	NN	Before he could be sure of his analysis , steely challenge flooded back into her expression .
tr	NN	Caught by surprise , the pilot collapsed to the ground .
tr	NN	A growl rumbled out of his throat .
tr	NN	Jimmy 's offensive squad paused and stared at the location Jimmy had described .
tr	NN	The dread that had been haunting him ever since they 'd heard about David 's leukaemia settled over him like a cloak .
tr	NNS	' My apologies , ' Pearl announced .
tr	NN	The Kiwi commander walked up .
tr	NN	There was a faint rustle , then something that sounded like a hushed conversation .
tr	NN	Her corset and gloves went next .
tr	NNS	Others were shaking hands with their fathers and giving their mothers light pecks on the cheeks .
tr	NN	Then there was my inability back then to get over Hank .
tr	NN	And the theory of evolution was not an isolated incidence , but just one of the modern movements that put Christianity on the defensive .
tr	NN	A low roar buzzed in his ears .
tr	NN	Her crutch slipped from under her arm .
tr	NN	A female ghoul stepped in front of all the others .
tr	NNS	Others were rushing out the doors .
tr	NN	The clash of iron wasn 't stopping , and the blows that the young men were pouring on each other were becoming more aggressive with each strike .
tr	NNS	Her vegetable and herb garden might be small by Virginia standards , but it depended upon her alone to tend it .
tr	NN	The auditorium was full by the time Cassie and Sally arrived , but none of her possessed friends were to be seen .
tr	NNS	The characters , incidents , and dialogues are products of the author 's imagination and are not to be construed as real .
tr	NNS	" Our Mercedes , " she explained .
tr	NNS	Looks like that 's it .
tr	NNS	But why boat motors ? "
tr	NNS	Werewolves were subjects of Greek mythology and European and Early American folklore .
tr	NN	A window unit rattled and hummed and managed to stir the air , but certainly wasn 't pumping out anything cool .
tr	NN	The tape he had used was obviously not fully waterproof .
tr	NN	" Turn left at the next corner , " said Larry as he started the siren .
tr	NN	What was the military term for that ?
tr	NN	" Ethan 's work environment was a study in contradictions .
tr	NNS	Two small snake-like horns exited the forehead above the eyes , the tips being very sharp .
tr	NN	The ferry bobbed in the water as Ashe got out .
tr	NN	In this attack there were almost no volleys , no mass firings to measure the time or the effort .
tr	NN	When he saw the look of confusion on the reporter 's face , the mayor continued .
tr	NNS	The witnesses hidden behind the darkened windows .
tr	NNS	The uneven footsteps matched the beat of Ruby 's heart .
tr	NN	" The idiot jumped , didn 't he ? "
tr	NNS	The youth leaders cried in unison .
tr	NNS	Words spilled out of their own accord , faster than I could form sentences .
tr	NN	" My Light in the dark places ! "
tr	NN	" Thank you for your time , professor , " the student said politely .
tr	NNS	Things would speed up so he could be called Professor Taylor .
tr	NN	And there 's an electronics depot in the center of the city . "
tr	NN	" A gentleman wouldn 't remind me of that . "
tr	NNS	Bright spots around Blade 's ruptured abdomen and tail indicate an impending reactor explosion .
tr	NN	A spark ignited somewhere deep in his eyes , and chills ran down my spine .
tr	NNS	Gramps pinches my nose with a grin .
tr	NN	After thousands of years of the Brothers ' kinship and our shared authority , my loyalty remained with the First .
tr	NN	In fact , the troll was quite slow .
tr	NNS	Things happen , you can lose control , your car can slip , people die . "
tr	NN	As the President predicted , the government had trouble administering .
tr	NNS	Two other apprentices clambered up on to the engine and each grabbed one of Ben 's protruding legs .
tr	NN	No matter warm and beautiful , a prison was still a prison .
tr	NN	The rider nodded and wheeled his mount without saying a word .
tr	NN	My personality , I mean . "
tr	NNS	Others kept pushing past me , the ride symbols on the backs of their hands glowing as they approached the turnstile .
tr	NN	A soft chuckle fell from Helen 's lips .
tr	NNS	Those promises had always been my downfall .
tr	NN	" No kidding , " Kim said .
tr	NNS	The lucky creatures couldn 't understand more than a handful of words , one of which was good .
tr	NNS	Diggs fell behind after our exchange , giving me the space it was clear I needed .
tr	NNS	Only Ervin 's scales stand out , if anything because of their modesty .
tr	NNS	The visitors stood respectfully behind the orange trees , leaving the pathway clear .
tr	NN	There was a spicy sausage and tender mushrooms , all of which she devoured hungrily .
tr	NN	In most places , the paint had partially dried so that it cracked on his skin , which gave him an earthy caked mud appearance .
tr	NNS	Yes , mystery shoppers evaluate podiatrists .
tr	NN	A sob wracked her frame .
tr	NN	There was a deep chuckle .
tr	NN	The disgust was plain in Sophie 's voice .
tr	NNS	Muscles tightened in my stomach and legs as I tried to remember all of Zayne 's boring self-defense lessons .
tr	NNS	" My apologies , Miss Valdez , " he said , skittering past Isabella .
tr	NN	In the passageway , the stomping of feet and barked orders gave weight to the sense that something was amiss .
tr	NNS	All traits that made them highly sought after as mates .
tr	NNS	The edges of his lips curved upward , and for once , there was no dark undercurrent to the expression .
tr	NNS	The sun flares killed a lot of people before they could escape to the north or south .
tr	NNS	Four tigers , two lions , and one man now stood before the audience .
tr	NNS	Those guinea pigs are evil .
tr	NN	Nausea roiled in her stomach .
tr	NN	The roar of a boat engine drifted across the water .
tr	NNS	Then the winds accelerate and even more hair escapes from my scarf , reaching up like thousands of tiny arms .
tr	NNS	Girls were crazy about him .
tr	NN	His low , self-satisfied chuckle drifted through the Fog and made Jenna shiver .
tr	NNS	From that point , servants would move forward carrying goblets .
tr	NN	' Ahhh , how right you are , kindest sir .
tr	NN	My grandmother barely survived .
tr	NNS	Girls could keep Simon Aberdeen .
tr	NNS	Girls didn 't hang out at Xavier 's locker .
tr	NN	" My partner will stay right there , across the row from him . "
tr	NNS	Nervous butterflies flapped their wings in my stomach .
tr	NN	The oracle ignored the Winter monarch , however , drifting closer to me .
tr	NNS	Things could be worse . "
tr	NNS	" A little French and world politics . "
tr	NNS	" No chips , " she repeated .
tr	NN	So the blank slate must develop receptors that are aligned to the environment if he is to receive stimuli at all .
tr	NNS	Things will be a lot gentler if you 'll just give in . "
tr	NN	The weeping willow trees swayed in the wind , bending so far over that Ivan stated that he thought they might snap in two .
tr	NNS	Ship captains sailing into the Bay of Troy found themselves faced with a price they hadn 't expected , or planned for .
tr	NNS	Tall grasses and weeds brushed their uniforms , making a scraping sound .
tr	NN	Light shone from the windows and several people stood outside , laughing .
tr	NN	Her pulse thundered in her ears .
tr	NN	" The other gentleman I have lodged on a meat hook , sir . "
tr	NN	My pulse was racing , throbbing throughout my entire body every time my heart crashed against my chest .
tr	NNS	Damon stared at him for a moment , pupils contracted .
tr	NN	And once Bruce was out of the house , the silent treatment would start .
tr	NNS	There were more scenes : a flooded shaft with real water , a hanging , even a wilderness saloon with skeletons as patrons .
tr	NN	The back ramp was still open , but it was a long , long way down into the darkening sky .
tr	NNS	According to the reporter , his sources were telling him the FBI had interrogated this ex-husband at least twice .
tr	NN	" He would only , that you would abide by what had been agreed upon , in the before time , " the dark rider replied .
tr	NN	" What would the duration be ? "
tr	NNS	The vamps were closing in on them .
tr	NNS	Cars were becoming ever more complicated in design and he was having difficulty in absorbing every new-fangled system .
tr	NN	I was not long born the day my uncle stood on the battlefield , surrounded by the corpses of his men .
tr	NNS	The fireworks explode and boom above our heads , vivid and colorful against the dark sky , but I think about nothing but him .
tr	NNS	Others she wanted to share but couldn 't , not with a therapist or anyone else , including George .
tr	NN	" The further north you go , the less they like humans .
tr	NNS	" All the renovations completed on schedule -- no escapes and no suicides . "
tr	NN	A hunter must presume that everything in the vampire 's lair is a lethal trap .
tr	NN	When she opened them again , there was a tray beside the bed , and the sun had angled much lower in the sky .
tr	NNS	The other band members seemed to love it .
tr	NN	Their leader waves his gun at me .
tr	NNS	Images were forming in Jennifer 's mind .
tr	NN	The quantum encryption software they were working on back then was so far advanced that we still use their notes as a guide today .
tr	NNS	Huge figures with arms as thick as tree trunks lined the walk , watching us from an enormous height .
tr	NNS	" If you eat more , " he says , wiping his mouth with a paper napkin , " the drugs won 't hit you as hard .
tr	NN	The dragon 's tail slammed down in front of Izzy .
tr	NNS	Relieved as they were to have found someone who would accept them , the new mages did not all instantly become best friends .
tr	NN	His determination slowly became desperation .
tr	NN	A thrill of excitement slid up Lukas 's backbone even as he shuddered in dread .
tr	NNS	Their efforts had not been for naught .
tr	NN	The surgery shouldn 't take more than an hour and she 'll be brought in to recovery where you can see her . "
tr	NN	Her first instinct was to funnel the danger , whatever it was , away from her lover .
tr	NN	A week after he left , her ma died .
tr	NNS	As Jason knocked a third time , locks disengaged , and the door whipped inward .
tr	NN	" His genius is quite above my judgment , and I know him to be exceedingly generous . "
tr	NNS	Thoughts were spinning and blending in her confused and terrified mind .
tr	NN	His ease of the situation told him he 'd seen the like before .
tr	NN	" A granola bar ? "
tr	NN	The herald stepped forward , offering Daphne a carved wooden pole wrapped in thread .
tr	NN	The mountain sneered up at Acheron .
tr	NN	" Some idiot is messing with us . "
tr	NN	The trio was silent , with a blank expression on their faces .
tr	NN	Reality creeped in slowly .
tr	NN	The cube tank lashes out with lasers , but my rescuer teleports right above it and kills it with another pair of pistols .
tr	NN	Crap , her uncle would probably say something to her parents and they 'd flip .
tr	NN	A lingering , indefinable dread had seeped through my mind and it darkened everything around me .
tr	NNS	His accusations made me choke on my toast .
tr	NN	The soft tissue , however , was a mess .
tr	NN	The thug in the gray suit spoke up .
tr	NN	My son 's absence is killing me everyday .
tr	NN	" His lordship went in and threw the latch . "
tr	NN	His uncle would get a good laugh out of this .
tr	NN	This interruption was simply inexcusable .
tr	NNS	There are other wolves that roam the mountains , and it might find a pack of them to join .
tr	NN	Love , passion and joy flowed back and forth between them .
tr	NN	There wasn 't a particle of fear in her cold blue eyes as she readied the vehicle with swift , decisive gestures .
tr	NN	I ' l use that !
tr	NNS	Large travertine tiles covered the floor and dark wainscoting framed the room , while a beautiful chandelier with dangling crystals helped light the space .
tr	NNS	Her surroundings looked no different .
tr	NN	" Uh ... " Elizabeth suddenly pulled out the hospital pager from her purse .
tr	NN	The sweet and terrible suffering they call love .
tr	NNS	The sudden appearances of the man were growing less frightening , but he still made Nolen 's heart catch in his throat .
tr	NN	My rebellion just proved I wanted more attention from Len .
tr	NNS	Most Lights being crowned preferred to decorate the room themselves .
tr	NNS	All ages , all sizes , united .
tr	NNS	Things that had been lost to him centuries ago .
tr	NNS	When Dec and Sean stepped out of the car , their cocky expressions went blank .
tr	NNS	Those footprints then led us to a gap in the fence where there were several clumps of fake hair .
tr	NNS	Marius extended his hand .
tr	NNS	The entire media was abuzz with the news of Cooper Industries going bankrupt .
tr	NN	To a new facility south of Sacramento . "
tr	NN	the cool brunette snapped , finally losing her arctic composure .
tr	NN	The mob lifted up a tremendous cheer and surged forward .
tr	NNS	Adonis had bled to death on the bank of a river , and nausea rolled through me as I imagined his blood mixing with the water .
tr	NNS	It 's financial statements were , even at that early date , essentially fiction .
tr	NN	His glamour had given way , and Karou almost gasped to see his wings revealed , but the flame didn 't catch .
tr	NN	The tip of the tail formed a perfect circle , marking off a round door at the top of the pyramid .
tr	NNS	Without warning the four travelers rush back together and appear within pitch-black darkness .
tr	NNS	While I worried tremendously about him , my worries were nothing compared to my wife 's .
tr	NNS	The colors were incredible .
tr	NN	Then its fur and skin began to peel backward , like wood shavings curling in the heat of a flame .
tr	NN	Count Lucien 's command stopped their laughter .
tr	NNS	A paleness came over her face in the dim light of the truck 's dashboard .
tr	NN	" Yeah , " his partner answers .
tr	NN	Usually upon first opening her eyes , dread hit her hard right in the chest like a sledgehammer .
tr	NN	" The captain immediately went to see the king .
tr	NN	" There are bacon and eggs and bread for toast . "
tr	NN	The review doesn 't have to be lengthy -- even a couple of sentences would be great !
tr	NN	After mixing , the powder goes into a steel heat dryer , which heats it to about 120 ° Fahrenheit to evaporate any moisture .
tr	NN	Every inch of you is perfection .
tr	NN	Her resolve remained steady for about ten more steps .
tr	NN	The few other patrons in the diner turned their heads .
tr	NN	What 's the smallest owl you know that lives in this area , Melissa ? "
tr	NNS	Reyes sat in a brown leather chair , opposite the bedroom .
tr	NNS	All the suits of armour were stirring .
tr	NNS	Screams only made it worse .
tr	NN	His student tilted her head at that vague description .
tr	NN	The rider spurred his horse and was gone , the others following and leaving nothing behind but the dead soldier , bleeding into the soil .
tr	NNS	Others agree with him .
tr	NNS	In truth , the funds benefited a select few individuals who paid Serge handsomely to keep making money and maintain his silence .
tr	NN	Emil 's widow , Norman 's mother , lived in the little town of La Marque on the Houston Ship Channel .
tr	NN	A real miracle , I assure you . "
tr	NNS	She finally caught him grinning , his worries left behind in a haze of drink and song .
tr	NNS	Marius nodded at Dormer and took his foot off the gas pedal .
tr	NNS	' My colleagues locked every door in this hospital manually via the computer system earlier this evening , except for yours of course .
tr	NNS	There weren 't any letters on the cover to tell me the title so I had to open the book .
tr	NN	Unfortunately , my boot landed on a branch instead of solid ground .
tr	NN	The dock smelled of the cold of space , metal and lubricants .
tr	NNS	Yet the ghosts of his past were catching up to them ... to all of them .
tr	NNS	The prince 's quarters are in another wing .
tr	NN	The rumbling in the ground was growing .
tr	NNS	Bugs loved the idea .
tr	NN	Human soil is upon us as I marvel at the remarkable view of my world .
tr	NN	" Business executive accused of embezzlement .
tr	NN	This positioning told me they were more concerned about threats from inside the room than from outside .
tr	NN	His accent curled thickly on the word in his sleepiness .
tr	NNS	His jaws clenched down hard .
tr	NNS	The chances were not good .
tr	NN	The Memphis vortex is a place of excess .
tr	NNS	Lots of royals ' kids live with their parents until someone dies . "
tr	NN	This routine continued until the seventh evening after leaving the hunting lodge .
tr	NN	In his school backpack hidden under his covers was a flashlight , a sandwich and a digital camera .
tr	NNS	But the binoculars , they need to go .
tr	NNS	Sadness beat through me .
tr	NN	A spark from the roofs makes me look up , and instantly we all cringe when a bullet hits the overhang in front of the main entrance .
tr	NNS	The images of attacking corpses ripped through his conscious mind , but after a while he was able to drift off into an uncomfortable sleep .
tr	NN	A blush stained her cheeks , making him wonder what she 'd been thinking about .
tr	NN	Throughout the village , the general consensus on Councillor Edward Scampi is a straight yea or nay .
tr	NN	Her reflection stared back at her .
tr	NN	I joined in the summer , I remember the heat and the smog , the yard was so small .
tr	NNS	Most myths have her killed by Perseus .
tr	NNS	These drugs altered the neuron chains in your brain so not all of them fired .
tr	NNS	Others simply called to say how grateful they were that he was stepping in for Coach Hill .
tr	NNS	There are three levels and a short gate borders the bottom .
tr	NN	" Your fighter understands the rules ? "
tr	NN	But there 's a new wrinkle . "
tr	NNS	Marius let out a bellowing roar and kicked the door in the middle .
tr	NN	The dragon looks beaten and tired .
tr	NNS	The twins vanished instantly .
tr	NNS	The purses are bigger too . "
tr	NN	At times like this instinct takes over and there is little separating man from wild animals in how he responds to danger .
tr	NN	" Your guardian felt it would be good for me to teach you things . "
tr	NN	The leader looked round the group , standing defiantly in the middle of the road .
tr	NN	Every year a different studio makes a short film about bringing all religions together . "
tr	NN	The term " it was just a dream " totally didn 't apply in my life .
tr	NNS	They were small , but quite luxurious , four seats faced one another in the cabin , with the driver and a spare in the front .
tr	NNS	Although Jennifer did not deign to reply , the stiffness went out of her shoulders , and Royce could sense her curiosity to know more .
tr	NN	" That mad bitch stabbed me ! "
tr	NNS	Rawlings choked on his ale .
tr	NN	Could Amber 's assessment of Edward be correct ?
tr	NN	Perhaps the cottage will need to wait for a day or two . "
tr	NN	The agent saw him coming and nodded at him , then turned , following a small tour group into the cemetery and breaking off to the right .
tr	NN	Love is definitely a mind altering experience and the flip side of it , heartbreak , is also pretty mind altering .
tr	NN	" Compound fracture of the radius , three broken fingers , eleven stitches , twisted ankle . "
tr	NN	Another unfamiliar Warden stepped out , drawing to a halt when he saw me .
tr	NN	Beast 's long fur stood up like hackles on a cat .
tr	NN	After stopping him , the warrior beheaded him to make sure he 'd stay dead .
tr	NNS	Filing cabinets are flung all over the floor and papers pile out .
tr	NNS	My questioning greeting was audible -- flat , tentative , but clearly heard .
tr	NN	Love will make you do all manner of things .
tr	NN	" No confirmation , but a lot of models go both ways .
tr	NNS	But his thrusts stretched me to something I couldn 't quite name .
tr	NNS	Her ladies sat , bound and gagged , with eyes bulging in fear and anger at being so manhandled , even by the young Prince .
tr	NN	The guard captain bowed and gestured through the gate .
tr	NN	The Silver snarled and yanked his broadsword away .
tr	NNS	The gates swung closed , and Nate breathed a sigh of relief .
tr	NNS	If you 've been tagged , as I think you 've been , spies here on Second will track your movements .
tr	NN	His praise made me feel warm inside .
tr	NN	Our Physics teacher looms over the group .
tr	NN	Now my savior -- the only person who 'd never let me down -- was dead .
tr	NNS	Others are there to help future keepers of the books cross reference the information to provide clarity . "
tr	NNS	The sirens faded into the distance , but the gunshots got closer .
tr	NNS	Things moved quickly as their aid work in the African continent had expanded .
tr	NNS	Off to the side were different food carts selling everything from hot pretzels to ice cream .
tr	NNS	His questioning inflection contradicted the happy look on his face , causing me to silently curse myself for being so vulnerable .
tr	NNS	But as he 'd pointed out , mistresses were not unusual here , and he 'd shown her nothing but respect .
tr	NNS	Waves of pleasure smashed into me over and over , as I screamed his name .
tr	NN	" A plant , " Susan agreed , " but not like any plant we ever seen .
tr	NNS	The edges of his lips curled up .
tr	NN	Yet this very Self can be so small that each atom seems a sleeping sun , and each electron a dancing planet .
tr	NN	The fox fiend gave a long howled .
tr	NNS	The symptoms of that include weakness , fatigue , and tingling .
tr	NN	But the bright sun streaming through her window woke me , and I straightened in my seat .
tr	NNS	But his planes arrive full of weapons .
tr	NNS	The vamps had been tailing me for that long ?
tr	NNS	" The other covens wouldn 't dare risk something as big as this .
tr	NNS	I told Alita as I walked down the street , my footsteps echoed as if we were in some sort of empty warehouse .
tr	NN	Terror gripped her , and she didn 't understand .
tr	NNS	No matter the changes Bethany I can still smell the humanity on you and they 'll be able to also .
tr	NN	" What can your employer offer that is worth granting him power to destroy the world ? "
tr	NNS	The consequences would include national military secrets irretrievably exposed , bank accounts vulnerable to instant looting and confidential business secrets unprotected .
tr	NNS	The tigers had plainly stalked them , following them quietly through the forest as they fled away , driven by Pyotr 's initial warning .
tr	NNS	Thoughts danced through my mind as we walked , daydreaming to myself and spinning mental puzzles to keep my mind from weakening .
tr	NN	The odour reminded him of wet dog mixed with cow dung .
tr	NNS	And more importantly , his actions had always been in an effort to protect this woman .
tr	NN	The route took them down into a valley and over the next ridge , then another valley and ridge .
tr	NNS	" Your actions become my business when you steal my hard-earned money to buy the very drugs that are killing you .
tr	NN	When does the touring start ? "
tr	NN	You don 't know the things he can do , master dervish .
tr	NNS	The footsteps grew louder , appearing just behind the door , where they paused .
tr	NN	The static gave way to crickets .
tr	NNS	After we control the Americas , two great oceans will protect us along with one hell of a network of Star Wars satellites .
tr	NN	Damn it , what was this appeal that teenage boys had for her ?
tr	NN	The rebel had unleashed an assault on the western counties of the kingdom , looting villages , pillaging abbeys , and besieging royal castles .
tr	NN	Secondly , the blush that 's covering your very lovely cheeks is giving me a whole different story . "
tr	NN	" Where is your master ? "
tr	NN	- My favourite singer is Shakira , amy favourite actress is Rachel McAdams .
tr	NN	Don 't you have any weapons ; guns , knives , ... " The mayor snapped fingers .
tr	NN	His clothing was tattered , his wounds still seeping .
tr	NN	The butterfly circles me , leaving trails of beautiful light dancing behind it .
tr	NN	the veterinarian asked with genuine surprise .
tr	NNS	Again , the coins didn 't appear to be handmade , nor was their metal composite typical of anything she 'd ever seen before .
tr	NNS	Those attempts never lasted long .
tr	NNS	So too had the Anglo-Saxon traders who had come to make a living in the city .
tr	NN	Ok , I guess I 'll go get mine , " Taylor reached for his plate .
tr	NN	The clearing of someone 's voice forced us apart .
tr	NNS	His Highland Scots erased every bit of English schooling pounded into him .
tr	NN	There was a click , then the hollow sound of another phone on the line .
tr	NNS	Reyes felt the demon howl .
tr	NN	' The proof was pretty convincing . '
tr	NN	" What 's your goal ?
tr	NN	" Her flight schedule is still on . "
tr	NN	Victoria 's gown bore the faintest tinge of pink , and fell in diaphanous pleats from under her bosom to the tips of her shoes .
tr	NNS	" And right there , mixed in with these ranting condemnations , were tales of giant saints !
tr	NNS	The streetlights came rarely .
tr	NNS	These meetings were part of my outpatient plan .
tr	NN	" Doc , the sheriff needs your help .
tr	NN	Their meteorite is an ocean rock . "
tr	NNS	The pangs of betrayal and disillusionment settled hard now in her heart .
tr	NNS	In other parts , there are other effects .
tr	NNS	His antics never really made her angry .
tr	NNS	" A few changes that mean we do not meet the client 's specifications and will not make the sale . "
tr	NN	There was a priest yelling insanely from a broken roller coaster : " My name is Malicious and I 'm a bad boy , " he shouted .
tr	NNS	Can animal instincts overtake their personality and overshadow the love that is ingrained in them for the people here ?
tr	NN	A shrill siren blew as they walked through the double doors leading to the kitchen .
tr	NNS	An ' not all pirates hold life in such high regard as I. " John nodded in agreement as he cleared the table .
tr	NN	" Five , sir , " said the miserable operator .
tr	NN	The knight did not stir , and Thor looked down and saw a piece of a wooden shaft stuck in his ribs , piercing his armor .
tr	NNS	When she was with Darius the kisses had been so free as to become annoying at times .
tr	NNS	Perhaps other family members had gone by the name as well ?
tr	NNS	Scattered images of a dream lingered in her mind -- she 'd been running through a purple city of danger .
tr	NNS	Hands stroked her thighs , soft hair brushed along her skin .
tr	NNS	Drugs and money and the threat of violence had generally ensured silence from the victims , most of whom came from the streets .
tr	NN	The thrust should have gone through my husband 's kidneys .
tr	NN	" I ' l tel her later . "
tr	NN	The backdrop was blurred , but from the color , Ethan guessed that the photo had been taken in the community gardens .
tr	NN	A huge , coiled snake occupied a cage in the corner , its eyes black and unblinking .
tr	NNS	Those fruity drinks and sweet drinks - all they 're doing is trying to add enough sweet stuff to mask the taste of the liquor .
tr	NNS	Digital cameras busily click away .
tr	NNS	With the help of the microscope , the twins were testing the points sequentially , using fine probes .
tr	NN	He 's asking him if he is hungry , is the milk good , and so forth .
tr	NNS	Looks like we 'll be spending the night here . "
tr	NN	And the name " Felix " etched into it .
tr	NNS	There were more posters , probably covering more illustrations , on the other side of the gates .
tr	NN	A low piercing growl filled the air , the Alpha .
tr	NN	A gap in the curtain allows me to see part of the front room .
tr	NNS	Guns jammed or misfired .
tr	NNS	All decks , batten down the hatches , unplug your irons , and prepare to experience some static on the Biography Channel . "
tr	NN	This partnership with Milos was very different , and he kept proving himself time and time again to be a worthy counterpart .
tr	NN	" There is your entryway .
tr	NN	However , every now and then Luis made an error in judgment and he had to ditch one of the older guys .
tr	NNS	Sirens sounded in the distance and came closer .
tr	NN	The ropes slack tightened between the space of her and the man .
tr	NNS	' If you had told me this last night , Emily , there are Internet facilities at the palace .
tr	NNS	Things seemed so much easier if he didn 't see me -- if we didn 't speak or make eye contact .
tr	NN	There was only this market .
tr	NNS	Nine floors up was enough to make me breathe hard , though not as hard as I once would have .
tr	NNS	" Isn 't this scent , this eau de horse , what all the young ladies are wearing this season ? "
tr	NNS	" The rats live on the northern banks but somehow they 've been crossing the river .
tr	NNS	Things had looked tense and his back had been to me most of the time .
tr	NN	And the goal was power .
tr	NN	For someone like me , the bully in a rotten society would always have the upper hand .
tr	NNS	Her wetness welcomed him with a smooth , purposeful entry that had them both gasping .
tr	NNS	The man 's priorities were warped .
tr	NN	" In fact , the guilt was eating me up alive .
tr	NN	The embroidery on the back was too cute for words , and the linen ruffles gave the jacket an elegant renaissance look .
tr	NN	A few days later , another neighbor stopped my aunt in the street .
tr	NNS	After some time the hobbits heard him murmuring again .
tr	NNS	The French warriors had lost all honor .
tr	NNS	His sharp sentry skills should have questioned everything , but he didn 't and wanted a quick answer .
tr	NN	The bullet ricocheted , squealing through the air and waking Edwards , who bolted upright .
tr	NNS	Questions fly like arrows from faulty bows .
tr	NN	The width of his strikes broadened and the vampire on the right shouted his sudden pain , tumbling through the air to land hard on the earth .
tr	NN	' Ghost ' for example , doesn 't that just conjure up a kid in a white sheet ?
tr	NNS	There were no appliances , and the lightbulb hung bare from the ceiling .
tr	NNS	Gramps would expect more of me , bailing the way I did again , and I don 't want to let him down .
tr	NN	His scowl was very menacing and intimidating .
tr	NN	A policeman ran up then , his gun drawn and pointed at us .
tr	NNS	There were footsteps , and then the door flung open .
tr	NNS	Others , like us , moved through the heavens .
tr	NN	The back of limousine is spacious , includes a flat screen television and mini fridge .
tr	NN	' That theory ... about why we ... eat the brain ... ' She starts to shake her head .
tr	NN	An aging crone wielding a broom stepped out from behind her barrels of trash and dirty linens , and blocked Jack 's path .
tr	NNS	The blasts still echoed in his head .
tr	NN	Jude 's low chuckle came through the phone .
tr	NN	The others Buster was practically allowing to make their own working hours but things got done , especially since there were more hands involved .
tr	NN	At the mention of the word damn , my pulse began to race .
tr	NNS	" Things obviously didn 't go according to my mother 's plans .
tr	NNS	The seas were thick with oil and choked with waste .
tr	NNS	The other mages summoned their fires but she stopped them with a thought .
tr	NN	When he reached the staircase , the whirlwind was scarcely ten feet away .
tr	NNS	Moldy dampness rubbed all over me .
tr	NN	The metallic stench of blood hung in the air like mist and I fought the urge to gag .
tr	NNS	Werewolf bites are almost always severe enough for the person to be forced to seek medical attention .
tr	NNS	Meanwhile , our leaders tried to change their minds .
tr	NN	Immediately a video came up on screen .
tr	NNS	Flames of gold flecked his brown eyes .
tr	NNS	The wood spikes caught Daniel on the shoulder blade , ripping his shirt and scratching his back .
tr	NN	This black clothing you insist on wearing .
tr	NNS	The startled villagers stood a little way off , eyeing each other uncertainly at the scene of the crash .
tr	NN	The sergeant put one up front and one on the rear .
tr	NN	As he did , the electricity became stronger .
tr	NN	Love is possible if you are willing to fight for it .
tr	NNS	But the course changes delay their arrival .
tr	NN	" Ok , so in order to explain that I 'm going to tell you the story of Corey . "
tr	NN	The Manager sounded envious .
tr	NN	In a bizarre twist of fate , the rope beheaded George Hawley .
tr	NN	The postcard was unsigned , but she knew immediately who it was from .
tr	NNS	Rafe woke me twice during the night , his touch and his voice soothing my fears , chasing the nightmares away .
tr	NN	" And there 's always a little loyalty put in the initial tattoo .
tr	NNS	Names were important to her kind , identifiers of personality , skill and conquest .
tr	NN	There was no mistaking the evidence of Royce not being unaffected by her closeness .
tr	NN	No pun intended . "
tr	NN	There was no saliva left in my mouth as I tried to wet my parched throat .
tr	NNS	Fortunately , gorillas were much less formal in their dominance hierarchies , and less violent .
tr	NN	Third squad goes next , along with me , and finally second squad .
tr	NNS	The servants were naturally excited about the events of the night before .
tr	NNS	The two figures were down on the icy ground now , righting like wolves , snarling .
tr	NNS	Worryingly the general ripples of interest throughout the business flattened with the notion that Little Spirit 's solid rock sound offered nothing new for record buyers .
tr	NN	It 's red liquid began meandering down his thin index finger .
tr	NN	His rank was Captain .
tr	NN	The actor had died many years before Daniel had even been born , but he knew that Lee was still regarded as a martial arts legend .
tr	NNS	The pilgrims looked around to find the source of the noise but could not see anything disturbing apart from the black clouds .
tr	NN	His reputation went before him , and his services were soon in demand .
tr	NN	" My lord , watch out ! "
tr	NN	Her guilt over her sister was palpable .
tr	NN	The marble changes to a dull red color .
tr	NN	The maid finally stops at a tall set of doors at the end of a hall .
tr	NN	Each creak of the oak stairs seemed to peal like thunder in her ears .
tr	NNS	Nevertheless , the sergeants finished off the grouping and commanded each team to follow a sergeant to the starting spots .
tr	NN	Seeing this , the captain steered toward an old open gate across the road , supported by crumbling brick columns .
tr	NN	" Love Spider-Man . "
tr	NNS	Locking horns with Quin on any ground was tantamount to playing with fire .
tr	NNS	Huntress frowned , " Why didn 't you do that to begin with ? "
tr	NNS	Marius walked toward him , his heavy shoes leaving deep impressions in the sand .
tr	NN	On a marble tray stood a silver bucket filled with ice holding a genuine champagne bottle with a white cloth draped around its neck .
tr	NN	my partner said carefully .
tr	NN	There 's no reasoning with his screwed-up version of life .
tr	NNS	" Hel hounds can 't pass over a salt line .
tr	NNS	The sharp edges of the flower 's carved petals cut into my palm .
tr	NNS	The highways are well lit but I ´ ve noticed not too many house lights .
tr	NNS	Marble floors shone to high polish and cathedral ceilings created an illusion of space and elegance .
tr	NNS	Officials much higher up the food chain than he wanted to see just how royally the small-town department had fucked up .
tr	NN	Every hunter faces that moment , yet we do not have the added burden of an entire species resting on our shoulders . "
tr	NN	My belly felt like a nest of butterflies was about to take flight .
tr	NNS	The images , the smells ... Liam didn 't have to work hard to know exactly what that must have been like .
tr	NNS	The wolves broke through .
tr	NNS	The whispers got louder and I even heard a gasp or two .
tr	NN	CHAPTER FOUR Sunday The band 's arrival was imminent .
tr	NNS	She sighed , thinking as much as she admired Veronica Mars , her own detective skills were completely lacking .
tr	NNS	Flames of rage burned out of control .
tr	NNS	" Now , see , your cleverness is coming back to snap at you . "
tr	NN	His annoyance made itself felt on the tennis court .
tr	NN	The bullet , Mike realized , didn 't come from the balcony but from somewhere behind him within the dark vacant section along the river walk .
tr	NNS	The possibilities startled me ... sickened me .
tr	NN	To be a protector of the consecrated water , was a great honor , coveted by many females warriors .
tr	NNS	His efforts to cheer me up did not succeed .
tr	NNS	Cadmus could feel precious time slipping away and introduced the first of his kneeling crew in a voice that didn 't mask his stress .
tr	NNS	Things get a little intense for a while , so if you don 't like drama you have definitely picked up the wrong book .
tr	NN	One entry in particular made goose bumps prick across her flesh .
tr	NN	And his indifference and disparagement were encasing her in frost , hurrying her descent .
tr	NNS	Others think it 's the partner that makes the dance .
tr	NNS	So many colors were fighting to stay visible then they quickly faded .
tr	NN	The mayor holds a grudge for that reason .
tr	NNS	From the hallway , footsteps announced new arrivals .
tr	NNS	Words that J.D. had often said when Sage was a kid .
tr	NN	Mike 's disgust was obvious .
tr	NN	Beyond it was a small , plain courtyard , a few barrels and packing cases stacked up along the far wall .
tr	NN	The blacksmith shivered in spite of himself .
tr	NNS	Muscles bunched under his turtleneck as he shifted to face Iain .
tr	NN	Yet another asset the Turks reaped for their benefit . "
tr	NN	A faint scar mars Her uncovered thigh .
tr	NNS	All the wolves stood , as still as statues , watching her .
tr	NN	Our goal is to bring home two or three large tuna alive .
tr	NNS	The sirens got closer and the house flickered red and blue .
tr	NNS	The twins were a surprise , yes , but a pleasant one .
tr	NNS	CAT scans were inconclusive , but since she had no more seizures , it seemed to us that the worst had passed .
tr	NN	Still , even the arrangement of the seating had been a fraught affair .
tr	NN	A trio of students pass , giggling about something or other , dressed in pristine military uniforms and polished boots .
tr	NN	The leader turned around to face me .
tr	NNS	Her shapeless face with sagging features contrasted with powerful , muscled arms .
tr	NN	The red tip of the cigarette bloomed bright .
tr	NNS	Her sobs took on a frantic edge .
tr	NN	" So suffering is what life is all about ? "
tr	NN	" Brood 's squad is aboard the Orbiter .
tr	NNS	" Some varieties do well in this weather , and when April comes they 'll be in full bloom . "
tr	NNS	Soldiers of the Empire quickly unloaded and took positions behind buildings , returning fire .
tr	NN	Her condition is very delicate .
tr	NNS	" The other Tanks are really getting into the rivalry between the clubs . "
tr	NN	The chimera race behind me as I weave through the trees .
tr	NN	My bike thuds next to me , screeching across the concrete , and someone is yelling , and the dog is still barking .
tr	NNS	Before I tell you guys about these four streams , I must say , all these ideas seem to have come from Greek philosophy .
tr	NN	The object Tucker wielded was a hammer .
tr	NN	Eventually , the car 's ignition fired .
tr	NNS	Other directors she 'd worked with in the past had shared the same characteristic , or , more appropriately , warning flag .
tr	NNS	But your attentions must have frightened Charlotte .
tr	NNS	" Things change . "
tr	NNS	Animals provide tremendous knowledge of our world .
tr	NN	Her stepmother could easily have guessed it had something to do with Jake .
tr	NNS	These visits to the gallery , and her deep knowledge of art in general , opened up a world entirely foreign to me .
tr	NN	A cougar that can 't let go of her youth so I chase younger men looking for a thrill . "
tr	NNS	Dogs whined and howled .
tr	NN	" My grandma 's not a big shopper .
tr	NNS	So the servants , too , have left me behind .
tr	NNS	Two-way radio static crackles from inside the car .
tr	NN	A layer of dust covered it .
tr	NN	More than likely its master was already angry with it for not returning immediately with its prey .
tr	NNS	The tightness sends a burning pain through my body .
tr	NNS	Families entertaining their bored children were similarly counted on to mindlessly part with cash .
tr	NN	But besides that , the musical had gone smooth .
tr	NNS	What if I left the guarding of the dead a little early , there were plenty warriors to watch over them .
tr	NNS	His skills with a blade unparalleled .
tr	NNS	His vital signs are improving .
tr	NN	" There 's just no precedent .
tr	NN	One more sweep of his tongue and my knees buckle .
tr	NNS	Kris had gone out to shop vegetables and onions and tomatoes and the like when I arrived home .
tr	NNS	Damaged blades buckled and finally tore free , one launching almost straight up and missing the Wind Breaker by inches .
tr	NN	Still walking , the rider pointed to John who sat in the backseat staring ahead and paying no attention to the conversation behind him .
tr	NNS	The roads crossed streams and hills and went on for miles , green and alive and refreshing .
tr	NN	His torso lifts off of me and he thrusts in a little deeper .
tr	NNS	" The ladies of the West Aviary Collection are just going to be sick about this .
tr	NN	Unlike the previous night this salad did not fill me and now I was left with the taste of toe jam in my mouth .
tr	NN	The harness has me locked tight to the chair .
tr	NNS	Images flashed through my mind .
tr	NN	Any progress with the Council is a victory . "
tr	NNS	Hands clenched tightly at his sides , he hissed , " What are you ? "
tr	NNS	So many deaths to come , all under the guise of peace .
tr	NNS	The gorgeous floral arrangements were obvious extras , too .
tr	NN	His h * ps lifted , stroking her cunt with a breathless thrust .
tr	NN	The predator in the shadows spoke softly to calm her , whispered a command even as he enfolded her in his arms .
tr	NN	The mass is a normal funeral service .
tr	NN	Our uncle Digby , who was just as nutty as his relative , inherited the place when Eustis died .
tr	NN	" Where 's his new ward ?
tr	NNS	Its edges were rough , misshapen , slightly curled up at the corners .
tr	NN	A tail emerged from the shapeshifter 's back , stretching out into a barbed tip .
tr	NNS	Nerves that were easily consoled with a mere glance to his lover , Cambria .
tr	NN	There was still that glint of disappointment in his eyes , and he spoke with the same air of disapproval .
tr	NN	A sex tape will enhance your reputation around this town .
tr	NN	But a mortar had claimed him .
tr	NNS	Frequent planes overhead had reminded her too often of Lucas over the years .
tr	NNS	My heart rate increases and a slow flush spreads across my cheeks .
tr	NN	The acid burn on my right calf caused a stabbing pain to run up my leg as I lowered myself further into the water .
tr	NN	From there , the squad proceeded up the street , into the unknown .
tr	NN	Not only did Jake hurt his leg , the thug hit his head on the loading hopper .
tr	NN	What a PA ... helpful administrator doesn 't begin to cover it .
tr	NN	The madness was growing in his eyes .
tr	NN	The revolution rolled over us while we were still discussing what to have for dinner . "
tr	NNS	Chills spread over him .
tr	NNS	Maris wasn 't a snob , but her position on the farm was worlds apart from that of a drifter hired to muck out the stables .
tr	NN	A shorter hairstyle would help keep him cooler in the stifling heat .
tr	NNS	' Their minds don 't work the way ours do - probably because they don 't have separate minds .
tr	NNS	Greasy bits of flesh and gristle dangled from Chad 's teeth .
tr	NN	" Where is the militia at now ? "
tr	NN	" This operation murdered huge tracts of forest and all the unnumbered multitude of animals and birds that lived within its depths .
tr	NNS	Engineering and reaction chamber specialists please perform the final checks on all vital components ; we want a smooth christening voyage . "
tr	NNS	The drops of rain glittered like gems in the night .
tr	NNS	The berries and jams were from Allie who every fall picked every possible apple or raspberry in their garden and the spent days canning it all .
tr	NN	" Oh man , dude , " his partner said nervously .
tr	NNS	With the soldiers , the movements had been utilitarian , like a woodsman hacking down a tree .
tr	NN	Part of her resented Darius for putting her in this situation , but deep down she knew it wasn 't his fault .
tr	NNS	Vague childish fears were overcoming him once again .
tr	NNS	The military captains were charging down the road to their vehicles ; others were raising their comms , attempting to discover the source of the smoke .
tr	NNS	A few spots required Tucker to haul Kane up or assist Anya .
tr	NNS	The suns beamed through the wicker window .
tr	NNS	Those investments can pay off . "
tr	NN	Another loud shriek shook the air .
tr	NN	Despair washes over me .
tr	NNS	Dusty baseball and soccer trophies cluttered the bureau 's top ; posters covered the cream-colored walls , their edges yellowed and curled .
tr	NNS	Two nurses walked in .
tr	NNS	Myles finally knew , but that was little consolation .
tr	NNS	" Orders are to herd them up .
tr	NNS	Things would be okay .
tr	NN	" There 's a sparkle in your eyes .
tr	NN	Is the dragon large ? "
tr	NNS	Their races started when she was ten years old , when Bren had insisted that girls couldn 't ride as well as boys .
tr	NNS	Normally , the goblins will travel in family groups , so that their children can learn to hunt as they do .
tr	NN	His explanation was ridiculous and clearly unbelievable , even to his loving wife .
tr	NNS	The specifics of any job could become meaningless outside the context of planet and culture .
tr	NNS	Witches have the power of sight , or seeing things that others can 't .
tr	NNS	Things did not start well .
tr	NNS	There were the usual documents you would expect to find but none representing the assets you describe or any cash . "
tr	NNS	Virgin Soldiers fled to the cover of rocks ... only to be snatched by awaiting tentacles !
tr	NNS	The thuds of his feet hitting the ground continued until he was behind me .
tr	NNS	In the backdrop there were enormous cathedral domes plated with sheets of copper .
tr	NN	' The south paddock ? '
tr	NNS	All the little beggars stood in a line again .
tr	NNS	" Things like this come around once in a lifetime , Lion .
tr	NNS	Abbot 's nostrils flared .
tr	NN	" The gun belonged to her father , " the principal 's secretary was saying when I went in for my late pass .
tr	NNS	Okay , now their insults were getting to the ugly stage .
tr	NNS	Those rods are bright enough that the Librarians can move about as if it were day .
tr	NNS	Others hauled away an ancient clothes washing machine .
tr	NN	The valet in a green jacket appeared , driving Ty 's nondescript American car .
tr	NN	Not even a tank can break through titanium .
tr	NN	As was the majority of his people .
tr	NNS	Images flashed across the screen .
tr	NN	" Then her sacrifice , though regrettable , will have been necessary .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of what to do next filled her mind ; she had gotten them into this and now she had to get them out .
tr	NN	The parade looped through the west side and came close to Hemlock .
tr	NNS	Mac 's eyelids fluttered , and she shoved the wallet back in his pocket .
tr	NN	A loud grunt shifted her attention back to the battle Melissa was still waging .
tr	NN	Tar stood , a full blown scowl now on his face as he looked down at Dan .
tr	NNS	Flames slicked over Righty 's thigh .
tr	NNS	I dropped from the sky , talons extended .
tr	NNS	About fifty warriors − the bulk of their force − attacked us .
tr	NN	" The sunshine brought them out . "
tr	NNS	Those qualities made him dangerous to those who stood in his way .
tr	NNS	Desolate sobs shook her .
tr	NN	A pulse throbbed between her thighs in rhythm with his mouth at her breast .
tr	NN	Copper trembled violently , but held firm .
tr	NNS	Girls had to walk in groups of three or more .
tr	NN	At the end of the shops , there were a gap to cross over to the apartments .
tr	NNS	His instincts for children were better than he thought .
tr	NN	The next entry is newer .
tr	NN	" The tour was very enlightening . "
tr	NNS	Barry 's frogs did what Barry called their famous frog pyramid , which just looked like a pile of frogs to me .
tr	NN	Somewhere along the way her pony tail had come undone .
tr	NN	Love drove Jeff there .
tr	NN	" What pains could a dragon possibly bear ? "
tr	NNS	The gates ground to a gaping halt .
tr	NNS	Her instincts always told her to go directly at the problem if you had the opportunity .
tr	NNS	Animals react differently to captivity : some curl up and die , unable to cope with the loss of freedom .
tr	NNS	The dowager duchess , who 'd followed Daniel over to the sofa , gently urged him out of the way .
tr	NN	The more he crept through the tunnel , the more unbearable the cold air became .
tr	NN	The operating model of the firm was under threat .
tr	NN	Then a few minutes later the coroner showed up .
tr	NNS	There were many tunnels leading to the outside .
tr	NNS	But her swift , decisive actions during the first several seasons of her term put all of those rumors to rest .
tr	NNS	" Your Highness , the king is asking you to present yourself at the King 's Court immediately . "
tr	NN	Part of him didn 't even know why .
tr	NN	The glittering spark became a raging inferno as the blaze spread from Cassie 's hands , over her arms , and around her chest .
tr	NN	' The art of survival is skilled , but a survivor is not much of an artist .
tr	NN	The cat looked up at her with golden eyes , his brushy tail adorably wrapped around his pristine paws .
tr	NNS	Both governments worked together to create the compound and ensure that it would be compatible with both planet 's atmospheres .
tr	NN	The growl of the engine , the crunch of the tires with chains eating up the ice neared , with another odd scraping sound .
tr	NNS	Rufus hesitated , and Hamish pushed harder on his stick , " I 've already died once , Rufus .
tr	NNS	Others think it was for smuggling .
tr	NN	The knight rested in partial shade while they stood alert in the sun .
tr	NNS	The butterflies spread out their wings and laid them open only to be drawn in and absorbed by the newly created and enhanced color .
tr	NNS	Mages hold power , that 's for certain , and most are good people , but she would be weaving spells .
tr	NNS	Reyes planted his feet and squeezed his eyelids closed , as if he fought for control .
tr	NNS	If you 'd been born in China , chances are that you 'd think China is the greatest country in the world .
tr	NNS	But the fireworks were over .
tr	NNS	Screams were my sustenance .
tr	NN	The maid hinted as much . "
tr	NNS	The footsteps stopped , and a woman 's face appeared over the railing , far above , then disappeared .
tr	NNS	Her trousers were tight fitting black leather and she wore black suede boots to match her cloak .
tr	NN	This Vivienne sitting across me was antsy and anxious .
tr	NN	The dark elf smiled , and the Guiding Mother nodded in consent .
tr	NNS	" Did the two creatures obey his every word ? "
tr	NNS	" All trails lead me there .
tr	NN	The rear ramp was already open , awaiting their bail-out .
tr	NN	The candidate may disappear from the face of the earth after a big loss but a good strategist just moves on to another campaign . "
tr	NN	" What 's the status ? "
tr	NNS	For the first time since they faced them , their vacant expressions showed an emotion ... confusion .
tr	NN	" My grandmother was a voodoo priestess . "
tr	NNS	Things were easier during the day as a local Indian woman came to the house daily to cook and care for him generally .
tr	NNS	Two more powerful thuds from the Marsh creature 's claws and my dented helmet flew off , rolling lazily across the ground before coming to a stop .
tr	NN	The hunt would have to wait .
tr	NN	His explanation was too late .
tr	NN	Along with the absence of vital functions is the absence of concern for what is supposedly right or wrong .
tr	NNS	Hopefully , the seals will get freaked out and leave .
tr	NNS	There were strong smells of glue and varnish .
tr	NN	A commando stepped into view and kicked one of the bodies .
tr	NNS	Their deaths were quick .
tr	NNS	The pyjamas she was wearing were thin cotton with a T-shirt style top and bright purple in colour ; not ones she had ever seen before either .
tr	NN	A kitten crawled out of the bundle and then darted underneath the cradle .
tr	NNS	There were muddy roads leading off in three different directions but only one had fresh wheel ruts .
tr	NN	Before he could respond to what Gunner was sure had to be a deliberate taunt , the sheriff glanced his way .
tr	NN	" Tempting , " the demon master purrs .
tr	NN	A choking darkness that threatened to hold her for an eternity .
tr	NN	Every nerve in my body quivered and my mental antennae went on high alert .
tr	NN	The archangel held the phone out to her .
tr	NN	Jazz angrily slapped the cell phone back on her belt , tossed the coffee cups and headed home .
tr	NN	Though I hadn 't thought about it at the time , the trailer I had been imprisoned in had definitely had a steel shell .
tr	NN	A balcony loomed above the dance floor , accessible by a spiral staircase .
tr	NNS	His temples throbbed like twin timpani , and he turned back to Josef .
tr	NN	The Boy hadn 't taken a step , but Eloy knew how fast danger could approach .
tr	NNS	Jets of deadly blue light sailed at the five mystics from all directions as the robots closed in on them .
tr	NN	The barkeep nods , returning to his station .
tr	NN	If you explode that stone , the tomb would come down like a house of cards . "
tr	NNS	The tall gates slid open and we drove through them .
tr	NN	The delivery arrived just as I came along , so I went ahead and paid for the pizza ... and tipped .
tr	NNS	Elias immediately pulled his weapon out and pointed it at Michael .
tr	NN	A hangover is a hangover .
tr	NN	The practice tank never prepared me for this !
tr	NNS	But often , readers don 't leave reviews .
tr	NN	Coconut palms and bamboo clumps seemed very much in place here , a backdrop of misty and smoke covered hills .
tr	NN	His approval meant a great deal .
tr	NNS	The mech wolves rushed to intervene .
tr	NNS	" The potions , " she shouted .
tr	NNS	The rats are expendable .
tr	NN	Everywhere there is disorder and tumult .
tr	NN	" Your partner is dead . "
tr	NNS	" My apologies for this miss .
tr	NNS	Things weren 't much more interesting in the commissary than they were in class .
tr	NNS	The two businessmen readjusted themselves in their seats in order to watch me as I paced in front of White 's desk .
tr	NNS	" Their game descriptions were obviously a bunch of lies .
tr	NNS	The red and black colors of her paisley tank stood out against her pale skin .
tr	NNS	All the signs she didn 't see .
tr	NN	The small blue rectangle blinked on , then off , then on again .
tr	NNS	Elias came over to heal it .
tr	NNS	There are huge computer screens on one wall , one of them running a program similar to my dad 's web crawler .
tr	NN	No dock juts out over the lake .
tr	NNS	Reyes sounded tortured by the thought .
tr	NN	However , odd as it might seem , their very discomfort eased her own , and she was the only one not blushing .
tr	NNS	' The wolves are already baying at your door . ' '
tr	NNS	My abilities are killing me and vampire blood is the only cure .
tr	NNS	Simple facts had been hard to retrieve .
tr	NN	Another tremor shook her .
tr	NNS	Inside , the elves moved to separate the girls into two groups .
tr	NN	The entire exchange happened so quickly I couldn 't help but giggle .
tr	NN	The Bru French fashion doll and its incredible value must have tempted her mother into her current situation .
tr	NNS	No species had proved themselves trustworthy yet .
tr	NNS	Ten minutes after they 'd left their Palo Alto office the twins were sitting in a sidewalk café along University Avenue .
tr	NNS	" I assure you your in-laws will not be a source of intrusion .
tr	NNS	Cargo handlers would have to be very careful not to damage the nacelles .
tr	NN	" Until your escort arrives . "
tr	NN	Morning dawned , and she woke up in her twin bed , at her parents ' house .
tr	NN	here , " said the Lecturer in Recent Runes .
tr	NN	There 's a ferry , right ? "
tr	NN	His relaxed posture hadn 't changed .
tr	NNS	Words beg to burst through my vocal cords , but the dam of grief has stopped up the way .
tr	NNS	Romulus darted back to the ruins of his grandmother 's house and returned a minute later burdened with their supply packs .
tr	NNS	Endless lonely months when the builders disappear and leave her alone .
tr	NN	Ok , maybe she was right .
tr	NN	The spider must have used a much larger amount of acid on the cuffs or my leg would be eaten down to the bone .
tr	NN	" Does my mistress require me to learn anything else about this joyous occasion ? "
tr	NN	Before I could ask about the others , our leader did .
tr	NN	The winner of Midland 's first annual Community Leader of the Day was to arrive in a few minutes .
tr	NN	That wasn " t a good sign .
tr	NNS	Things she hadn 't told him yet .
tr	NN	" The honey pear that was planted in the wish pot stays here .
tr	NNS	The shackles around my wrists , ankles , and neck clang loudly in my over sensitive ears , grating on my every nerves .
tr	NN	" The scowl on your face gave you away .
tr	NNS	Too many images ran through my mind , pictures of death , blood , more death .
tr	NN	A coin shot past her in the air .
tr	NNS	The mages were sweeping , but finding no force moving against them .
tr	NNS	His smooth economical movements were like Jocelyn 's , but the control with which he moved must have been instilled in him by Valentine .
tr	NN	A maid would eventually find it .
tr	NNS	The gorillas stepped away from the people , listening .
tr	NN	' Who was this fellow who made you such a ridiculous proposal ? '
tr	NNS	Words mean absolutely nothing .
tr	NNS	Flowers closed petals and shrank away from the abomination .
tr	NNS	Ryder squeals , I reach out and grab his little hand , " Morning monkey . "
tr	NN	Every inch of his body sang with pain but he felt ... better .
tr	NNS	You readers are the reason I tell these stories .
tr	NNS	He crossed to his desk and picked up a leaf from an old notebook , the edges ripped and curling .
tr	NNS	Maks stood and aimed his pistol down at the floor just beside the boy 's head and fired .
tr	NN	Lucinda 's attorney had even suggested Emily sell it .
tr	NN	The captain pointed out each of the live cameras to three of his men .
tr	NNS	tigers , lions , " Holly said .
tr	NN	The rider fell to the ground beside me , and we lay there , contemplating the night sky .
tr	NN	The current treaty we have with the Sand dragons took me a decade and even then ... the signing was not a simple thing .
tr	NN	Her calf was bleeding and she was limping .
tr	NNS	" Where are your cousins ? "
tr	NNS	" Overhead switches and circuit breakers , check , " Jolene said , powering up the helicopter .
tr	NNS	Every time I finish a meal , the leftovers go to the compost bucket .
tr	NNS	" The chips and salsa we were given before our entrées was out of this world ! "
tr	NN	A sliver of hope pierces me , strangely painful , when combined with the guilt I feel for how I deceived him .
tr	NNS	Sadness spikes through me .
tr	NN	" The soup will be plenty for me . "
tr	NN	Modern science has come to the rescue of human happiness like a knight in shining armor .
tr	NN	The gang leader touched the end of the pistol to Graham 's nose .
tr	NN	" There is no damage .
tr	NN	But her bearing and accent were far from a doxy 's .
tr	NN	This cellar is safe , secret , and nothing like the one where Finn died .
tr	NN	A tinge of sweat dropped down into my eyes .
tr	NNS	His last few lovers had been vampires and he had nearly forgotten the pleasure of feeling himself drenched in such heat .
tr	NNS	Things were definitely going from bad to worse , just like I 'd feared .
tr	NNS	Sentinels came into the gymnasium , but their goggles and hoods were pulled back , they had solid black eyes and their skin was deathly sallow .
tr	NNS	Some butterflies is all .
tr	NNS	The servants continued their ministrations , draping him with gorgeous cloth .
tr	NNS	The nurses had already removed the bullet on my left arm , and had given me coffee to drink .
tr	NNS	Our species is on the brink of extinction . "
tr	NNS	The pursuers asked me where my robots were and I told them I had sent them away .
tr	NNS	The recruits scattered but Laura had to push Jo to get her moving .
tr	NN	The castle was getting closer .
tr	NN	Only eighteen and my boyfriend was terminal .
tr	NNS	Aurelius pulled me against him .
tr	NN	Half the cockpit flashed red .
tr	NNS	His companions look impatient .
tr	NNS	Andrea 's nostrils compressed .
tr	NN	Under the boy lay a lute , its neck broken , probably from when the boy fell over .
tr	NNS	Gramps telling me I need to get out of town .
tr	NN	Silver , sexy and low slung .
tr	NN	Her tail stood out stiffly , and her pupils were wide .
tr	NN	Death for - " " Shoot me . "
tr	NN	Love is an element , indeed .
tr	NNS	Others had me take a message . "
tr	NNS	The blades faded away and now the kami was running toward the clearing .
tr	NNS	Their expressions were furious as they threw something at him .
tr	NN	How could her discomfort in formal wear make me so happy ?
tr	NN	A warrior 's cloth .
tr	NNS	The cats delighted in the colorful clothing circus parading around the shelter .
tr	NN	Ronan couldn " t look at her anymore .
tr	NNS	There are other signs of life mates . "
tr	NNS	It made me start to question if peace wasn 't what I had felt about my life , emptiness was a more appropriate word .
tr	NNS	Marius scowled at the tall man and orange light flared briefly in his eyes , then faded .
tr	NNS	His stomach juices gurgled .
tr	NN	The intruder stood straight and held his head high .
tr	NN	The lace covered her completely in the front , looking like a very short pair of shorts .
tr	NN	He gripped the seat belt and ripped it from the buckle , his growling shout filling the car .
tr	NN	So if he wasn 't worried about protecting her from the invasive questions and photos , why all the secrecy ?
tr	NN	There , pinned to the vest underneath , was a badge .
tr	NNS	The raindrops started as whispering air hovering just above the masses of old houses .
tr	NNS	The signs said the collections had been transferred to Washington 's Smithsonian Museum .
tr	NN	The routine was always the same .
tr	NN	A rustle and a cool hand on her wrist .
tr	NNS	Shallow pools cascaded softly down , one after the other .
tr	NNS	Things are already embarrassing enough .
tr	NNS	" Your two cards are somewhere in the middle of this deck , correct ? "
tr	NN	The colonel put his hand on his gun as they entered the elevator .
tr	NN	The leader gently grabs a cub and holds it up .
tr	NNS	A few couples danced within the boundaries of the smooth dance floor facing the stage .
tr	NNS	Aris nodded , then switched his knife to the other hand , holding it more tightly .
tr	NN	The Empire came in , and destroyed every planet in my system .
tr	NNS	" There 's some big changes coming to the CB . "
tr	NNS	The villagers enthusiastically took up the toast , and drank down their wine in good spirits .
tr	NNS	Her passions ran much deeper , and so Lina took a seat uneasily .
tr	NN	Where was the pit ?
tr	NNS	Two pairs of ever ready ears focused with a great deal of interest on the speakers .
tr	NNS	Four dimensions was good enough for Einstein to develop the Special Theory of Relativity .
tr	NNS	My prints were all over the house by this point , and we had no time to clean up .
tr	NNS	Werewolves are creatures of action , after all .
tr	NN	And then a very handsome knight came over to her , bowed , and asked her to dance .
tr	NN	A small old time tape slid out .
tr	NNS	His thrusts began slowly at first , then became more fervent with a building tempo .
tr	NN	Had I freaking humped Doug Fox in the ER ?
tr	NN	" My thoughts exactly , " agreed the sheriff .
tr	NN	The villain gets doesn ´ t retaliate , instead he paces back and forth .
tr	NN	" There 's that fellow in Seattle -- the one who owns just about everything else . "
tr	NN	" That is not my decision to make , unfortunately , " the captain reminded her .
tr	NN	How had an alligator climbed into a swimming pool ?
tr	NN	The dwarf was beyond any help .
tr	NN	Every insecurity in me rendered me unable to comprehend how he could find me attractive .
tr	NNS	The suits ranged from black , brown and navy with varying shades of each .
tr	NNS	Framed movie posters from the sixties lined the walls .
tr	NN	A sob broke free from her chest and she threw her arms around my neck .
tr	NN	A thrill went through my chest at the sight of the empty frames , along with a little bit of sadness .
tr	NN	Much Western reflection ( especially in the last two hundred years ) assumes that any form of doubt undermines claims of knowledge .
tr	NNS	The nostrils on the beast flared and took a deep sniff .
tr	NN	The elf didn 't return the witch 's smile , but he did nod his approval .
tr	NN	" How did you ... " A nervous giggle escapes his lips .
tr	NNS	The symptoms were almost the same , headache , vomiting , although Robert didn 't believe a hangover caused chills or a fever .
tr	NN	All I have are sturdy thighs , a spine made of steel , and approximately six hundred years to fill .
tr	NNS	" So you make hundreds , thousands suffer so that those ' best fitting ' can wallow in their own pleasures ? "
tr	NNS	A few drops of this stuff could knock a guy out for half a day .
tr	NNS	" On that day , there were two trains which had arrived at the same time .
tr	NN	" Nick , your favor reminds me of something as well .
tr	NN	A \ particular batch of lights was getting much , much closer .
tr	NN	Then the paralysis wore off , and she placed both hands on his chest and shoved him hard .
tr	NN	The gargoyle remained standing .
tr	NNS	Other servants made their way through the throng with pitchers full of mead and wine , keeping all the guest goblets filled .
tr	NNS	Cool water drips on my hand , Grant must have secured a cold cloth to put on Ken 's neck .
tr	NNS	With your sails in tatters and rigging strewn about ? "
tr	NNS	Things I can hear .
tr	NN	The redhead looked like she felt the same and this look was not cute as a button at all .
tr	NN	A churning somewhere in his bowels provoked a pathetic moan that came out of his mouth in a weak voice that didn 't seem his own .
tr	NNS	Reyes lay on the table , on his back .
tr	NN	The siren said with a devilish smile .
tr	NN	Her momentum carried her past the creature , but she whipped around in midair and plunged the sharp blade deep into the chest of the undead .
tr	NNS	About five seats ahead of them sat a man who with some effort had turned to check them out , on several occasions .
tr	NNS	" Any family members know about the safe ? "
tr	NN	A half-dead spider plant sat in a shiny ceramic pot in a deep window sill behind the warden 's desk chair .
tr	NN	The venom kills them . "
tr	NNS	Heavy footsteps thundered through the house , alerting me to my father 's arrival .
tr	NNS	Agents were suspicious of his investments because they consistently made money and earned returns significantly higher than the average funds could even dream of achieving .
tr	NN	By now his comrade was awake again , twisting violently to rip himself free of the spear , choking himself uselessly .
tr	NN	Even the sergeant had a twitchy air about him , and he began pausing frequently , raising his hand for the column to halt .
tr	NNS	There were no trails and no animals to be seen , but they had little need for either .
tr	NN	Only the native soil of vampires caused that type of reaction .
tr	NNS	Two attendants disappeared and returned holding the squirming cubs , wrapped in nets , in their wildcat forms .
tr	NN	But when Annie stepped back , the illusion reasserted itself .
tr	NN	The almighty is the most vulnerable entity on earth .
tr	NNS	No signs of zombies anywhere -- but also , no signs of rescue .
tr	NNS	Sometimes , maybe there are trials and hard times , and other times there will be joy and happiness .
tr	NN	This new plant converted millions of gallons of salt water into fresh water for the residents of Guadalajara , Mexico .
tr	NNS	At least my evading skills seemed to have been perfected from all the fleeing I had done in the past .
tr	NN	" And being gathered together , " said the Priest , " we reckoned up all the woes that have come upon us .
tr	NN	The vicar 's an old friend -- well , old family friend .
tr	NNS	Her juices greeted him and he murmured his approval .
tr	NNS	Sadly , with those fears came others , as if she 'd opened a doorway in her mind and placed a welcome mat out front .
tr	NNS	His cheekbones seemed to strain against his skin and his lips drew into a fine , hard line .
tr	NN	A good secretary can always get a job .
tr	NN	The routine is very simple and I know it like I know the back of my hand .
tr	NNS	Those burns must be worse .
tr	NNS	" What are the chances that you 're still here ? "
tr	NN	No wonder Brant had acted so out of character around her .
tr	NN	The whole coven worked together to create the ritual .
tr	NN	A mountain would certainly make a big splash .
tr	NNS	Things he had banished to the deepest crevices of his heart .
tr	NNS	Distant booms sounded , like the noises of an Illuminator 's display .
tr	NN	" That 's good , " said the policeman .
tr	NNS	So , sirens exist outside of myth as well .
tr	NNS	The simple facts remained and must be addressed .
tr	NNS	Alexis stood out on the balcony as she gazed at the amazing neon lights of Las Vegas .
tr	NN	Initial progress was mixed .
tr	NN	The one maid who remained did all the serving , scurrying about in terror .
tr	NN	But even the mayor of New York gets the flu . "
tr	NNS	Romulus held the parchment dangerously close to his torch .
tr	NNS	Chills soon racked my body and sweat soaked the bed sheets beneath me .
tr	NN	Why wouldn 't a werewolf ?
tr	NNS	The steward with the flower petals began sprinkling them across the expanse of the ivory bathtub .
tr	NNS	Others had given up the ghost and instead were sitting looking dejected with their friends .
tr	NNS	Soldiers scrambled up the stairwells , clogging the way down , keeping the crew from moving .
tr	NN	And yet , there was a layer of absolute truth to it , and she suspected she would have believed anything he said .
tr	NNS	Hands still up in the air , she gave the papers scattered on her desk a frown .
tr	NN	An odd blush covered her cheeks .
tr	NNS	The tests that 'll grow out of this course of study are likely to have far-reaching consequences . '
tr	NN	The gleam in his eyes was disturbing .
tr	NN	" Phase one complete , Reapers One and Two standing . "
tr	NNS	" Yeah , most couples introduce their parents to each other over a nice dinner .
tr	NNS	Even these horrid hounds that it seemed like just so recently were something so terrible had managed to discover a force that made them recoil .
tr	NNS	No further attempts on your life will happen before the election .
tr	NNS	The edges find its organs more easily , and wounds inflicted on their kind bleed more profusely , as though made by a much larger weapon . "
tr	NN	The gorgeous hunk who accompanied his miserable , haggard wife in the grocery store on Saturday now stood at Amber 's doorstep .
tr	NN	Her stepmother was a beautiful woman , both inside and out , and with her normally calm demeanor , she was the perfect politician 's wife .
tr	NNS	I see you have a power , ' said Dangerous Beans , tiny in the circle of light .
tr	NNS	The tentacles were right behind him , slithering up like nightmarish vines .
tr	NNS	" There are limits to what you can do Thomas .
tr	NN	Shimmery blue liquid spilled out of her mouth as her head flopped back over Daemon 's arm .
tr	NNS	His eyelids flickered open .
tr	NN	My damn pen is shaking .
tr	NN	When my eyes had opened , a curvy red pond lay between my mother and me .
tr	NNS	" My faction members will be . "
tr	NNS	Maid carts and tray carts don 't move that fast ; I 'm pretty sure we can manage to track them down .
tr	NN	Even if her hearing had withstood the tests of time and age , the roar of the ocean ensured Connie 's last eulogy was lost on her .
tr	NN	His experience playing poker told him now was not the time to show his hand .
tr	NN	If the captain had decided to try his hand at it , Demos 's precaution was entirely sensible .
tr	NN	A half-dozen footmen were standing at attention upon the shallow , graceful steps that led from the drive to the front door .
tr	NNS	" Okay , first , all ads go to their own section .
tr	NN	The mayor went pale .
tr	NNS	But the seats are over there .
tr	NN	" What did this clown look and sound like ? "
tr	NN	" Oh , and he likes to hunt , " one matron added .
tr	NNS	The mortgage payments were less than the rent he 'd been paying .
tr	NNS	The sweatpants rested low on his hips .
tr	NNS	Our tongues mingled , while our bodies thrashed under the water .
tr	NN	Part of why you joined Delta Mu was to get in with the hot guys , and they 'd just gotten their first taste of it .
tr	NNS	The scales seemed unbalanced and I didn 't want another argument tonight .
tr	NN	Our teacher must be blind or deaf to not hear us texting each other back and forth .
tr	NNS	Low domes spread out .
tr	NNS	The last two monitors held very different views .
tr	NNS	My footsteps increased as a flash of pure worry and fear hit me .
tr	NN	Their manner was as aloof as reputation made that of all aviators , and unlike James they showed no signs of unbending towards him .
tr	NNS	There were long , narrow hallways with doors on all sides .
tr	NNS	Hephaestus takes a moment to recover on the ground , and he slowly follows .
tr	NNS	The ugly gnomes fell back , swiping at us with their toothy hands as we pressed forward .
tr	NN	There were a ton of spots thanks to the summer session , but it was still an uphill hike to her class .
tr	NN	A pen sat next to the papers .
tr	NNS	Maybe those training sessions would come in handy after all .
tr	NN	The jaguar continued to move steadily into deeper forest , away from the river and into the interior .
tr	NNS	Its powerful jaws closed and crushed .
tr	NNS	Now there was vast emptiness .
tr	NN	My h * ps met him for each thrust , and I devoured each of his moans with my lips .
tr	NN	My lord , I don 't ... " Caesar smiled and lifted his hand .
tr	NNS	The two goons remained at the threshold as Blue walked in , and the door slid shut behind him .
tr	NNS	Hands shot in the air as her pupils called for her attention .
tr	NNS	Looks like we got a little crispy though . "
tr	NN	Our bomb squad should be there any minute , but this convoy could be gone by then . "
tr	NN	" There 's a singer opening at a club on the east side Saturday .
tr	NN	The barkeep regarded the old man with intrigue .
tr	NNS	Things weren 't usually that easy , but he clicked on it anyway .
tr	NNS	There were no openings or pipes going in .
tr	NN	The arrangement allowed her to remain a single woman .
tr	NNS	Those notions defined his life .
tr	NN	The canoe shook a bit , but didn 't roll over .
tr	NNS	The glistening strips ran parallel to the coastal cliff .
tr	NNS	" Names please ! "
tr	NNS	Things she didn 't want Enrique to know she thought about .
tr	NNS	Muscles bulged on his chest .
tr	NNS	Things were crazy back then .
tr	NNS	Reporting chains became a nightmare , and budgets were a permanent source of conflict .
tr	NN	The full implication of her words hit me .
tr	NN	" Your honesty is a gift , Rube , even if it hurts people .
tr	NNS	' Invite curses like that and you 'll never get to know what happens . '
tr	NN	I real y needed to see him .
tr	NN	" It 's time to meet them , " said the attractive agent .
tr	NNS	Parts of the fox started to show through .
tr	NNS	The supplies she 'd packed so carefully to help her face the Shadow World were gone .
tr	NN	Another roar filled the air .
tr	NNS	Names of all secretaries , clerks , paralegals .
tr	NNS	Throwing apples was one thing .
tr	NN	The tribe had a bronze statue of the horse made .
tr	NN	CHAPTER 13 - The Dream Battlefield With incredible speed , Norman dragged me from the shabby old house that his dream self lived in .
tr	NN	But her grandmother hadn 't known where they were .
tr	NNS	Things are grim and he 's shaking his head .
tr	NNS	Hendricks gathered phlegm in his mouth and spat into the wastebasket behind her , jerking her out of her concentration .
tr	NN	The majority had not seen Miss Hardcastle lock the door : they were pressing towards it , to get out at all costs .
tr	NN	Our leader will want to talk to you .
tr	NN	" Well , the bond market has some pretty promising sectors , so I 'm thinking we can start there . "
tr	NNS	His movements were precise , measured and seemingly well thought out with the exception of the quarry north of town . "
tr	NN	It 's exhausting , isn 't it ? "
tr	NNS	Maris put the truck into gear and eased out of the parking slot .
tr	NNS	The hopes of the Resistance would rot with us .
tr	NN	One more deep stroke finished her .
tr	NN	The TV was off , but he 'd been sitting with no book , no headphones , and no other obvious form of entertainment .
tr	NNS	Four zombies acted as a guard for the property .
tr	NN	I ' l text you again in the morning , and we ' l figure out the details , okay ? "
tr	NNS	The cases had slid into place , so there must be some kind of track .
tr	NN	The stag shook , as if something that it didn 't like had touched it , and it got to its feet .
tr	NN	" As my mistress commands . "
tr	NN	Then the air conditioning in his truck shut off and several dark brown wasps shot from the vents .
tr	NN	The priest shook his head .
tr	NN	As ' Beta ' did not know where Nicola was , his master had most likely found out the information from his wife .
tr	NNS	Orange liquid pools all around her like a moat .
tr	NN	Their stroll down the path had an air of determination that felt somewhat unnecessary .
tr	NN	Part from the unfamiliar surroundings and happenings and part from being around so many scared people .
tr	NN	" The contract specifically states by dawn we need to walk away . "
tr	NNS	Your letters tied me down , kept me from flying away into nothing .
tr	NNS	Its carved runes began to burn with golden radiance and the tip of the rod suddenly gleamed with red light and wavered with hot-air shimmer .
tr	NN	Slowly the vine started up .
tr	NNS	They kissed , tongues fused together until they panted for air .
tr	NN	" The tablet we are in possession of now is nothing at all .
tr	NNS	" My apologies , Mr. Mason , " she said sweetly .
tr	NN	" Excuse me , Tom , " the leader interjected , explaining to the others .
tr	NN	Suddenly , a hound walked over to the puddle of wine now forming on the floor , and lapped it up .
tr	NN	The dragon was gunning for her .
tr	NN	" Love 's weird . "
tr	NNS	My girlfriends have talked about it , but I have never felt it .
tr	NNS	Reyes turned his head , facing Danika .
tr	NN	The harbour was teeming with ships , men and supplies , just as Ben had seen in Sydney , Auckland , Buenos Aires and Lisbon .
tr	NN	" The founder of our brotherhood . "
tr	NN	" Ok , " Jim said , " I can use that . "
tr	NNS	Several thousand witnesses should be enough to deter anyone from trying anything . "
tr	NNS	Their movements were slow but steady .
tr	NNS	Two large steel filing cabinets - presumably holding the records of generations of Wood Park girls - and a big computer dominated the room .
tr	NNS	Classes were segregated , boys from girls .
tr	NN	Finally Jake 's daddy and some of the other businessmen had a bigger fence constructed .
tr	NN	A loud crash sounded against the roof as the first ice ball struck .
tr	NN	Let 's be honest , our current audience is limited .
tr	NNS	Like I say , there 's no weapons restrictions here .
tr	NN	This soft assault on her feminine sensibilities was a surprise attack .
tr	NN	The only benefit to this was the fact that these same countries now spent less time fighting each other and more time fighting hunger .
tr	NNS	Of course , these checks never turned up anything .
tr	NN	Dante 's own growl of pleasure filled her ears .
tr	NNS	Reyes glanced down and spoke to Angelica in a forced voice of command .
tr	NNS	But its colors turned from red to yellow to orange .
tr	NNS	Were grocery stores the new singles bars ?
tr	NN	A fluffy rug sat between the couches , covering the dark wood floors .
tr	NNS	His thumbs worked their way up her neck .
tr	NNS	Maybe the sleeping pills were interfering with her thinking .
tr	NNS	On his belt , grenades and more ammo pouches were aplenty .
tr	NNS	The dimensions were also vastly bigger .
tr	NN	Kicking back up to his feet with his incredible agility the bard made ready for the next man .
tr	NN	The second illusion was that by using the tools of science we could come to an understanding of how the world works .
tr	NNS	For Markman , recollections of the past were becoming a stark reality now .
tr	NNS	Things were different now .
tr	NN	Every plant and flower previously untouched now shriveled .
tr	NNS	There were no roads , no cleared space between one town and the next .
tr	NN	the redhead says , walking over to our table .
tr	NNS	The dark figures could only squirm in one at a time .
tr	NNS	My actions that night are unexplainable .
tr	NNS	My wrists would be raw within the hour .
tr	NN	Despite the positive signs , the ambassador did not extend his hand .
tr	NNS	Things settled down for a while , but during Lucan 's reign they have escalated almost to the point of extinction .
tr	NNS	Andrea 's nostrils compressed .
tr	NNS	Her insecurities had limited her perceptions , but not anymore .
tr	NNS	" More tests , " the one with the cane said .
tr	NN	As a bonus , her arrival had gotten me out of that awkward conversation with James .
tr	NNS	There were too many different factions represented in the room , too many undercurrents , too much underlying tension .
tr	NN	The incredulity in his voice was unmistakable .
tr	NN	The envoy had many questions , but Heather had told them all she knew and but reminded them of Betty 's warning .
tr	NN	Another roar filled the air , snapping their attention back to Devon and Julian .
tr	NNS	There were two doorways .
tr	NN	My appetite was still low .
tr	NNS	Images of what Mr. Mercer could do to her flashed through her mind .
tr	NN	Love for years had been a talent lost to me , with no regard for anyone but myself ; now I saw even myself an empty prospect .
tr	NN	A simple white veil with a circlet of gold hung down around her shoulders and her back .
tr	NNS	All the crows landed also .
tr	NNS	The tightness in the camp leader 's voice changed the mood in the room .
tr	NNS	Oh , Cha , even a few drops is like heaven to me .
tr	NN	The maid exclaimed at the sight of Dean .
tr	NN	I found the garden through , the secret passageways Ingrid had told me about .
tr	NNS	Hands up in the universal sign for stop went right over my head , so he threw himself in front of me .
tr	NN	His flowing tail flicked in the moonlight .
tr	NN	The blocking of our entire relationship was just not right .
tr	NNS	The trident sails toward Serena , pointy end first .
tr	NNS	There were three stalls , and all of them had pen and sharpie scribbles on the inside and the outside .
tr	NNS	The changes were already happening . "
tr	NNS	Not even any Dad ... Things really are bleak .
tr	NNS	The builders had used none of the Naxos white marble , no porphyry from the distant east .
tr	NNS	Sydney 's footsteps shuffled softly by him in the dark .
tr	NNS	" But there are huge gaps between them . "
tr	NN	A haze of fury rose in me and I felt myself start to shake .
tr	NN	" This bastard was playing us ! "
tr	NN	Anyway , in the classic western , the villain always looks a bit panicked just before he draws .
tr	NN	Anyway , the luggage compartment was open and Hunter was inside .
tr	NN	His worn leather jacket hung casually across comfortable jeans , his lithe muscled body giving the fabric beautiful contours .
tr	NN	By the time I brought out the fruit salad and raspberry sherbet , the homicide investigator was rather quiet .
tr	NN	Kimber 's aura brightened at the sight of my brother and I suppressed a groan .
tr	NNS	The nuns would forgive even Lorraine , if they had endured one of His Majesty 's parties . "
tr	NNS	" Things are ... different .
tr	NN	It can 't be much , the agent is only a hundredth of the thickness of a human hair .
tr	NN	" The bacon 's almost ready to come out .
tr	NN	Chance thinks you 're his .
tr	NNS	There are cameras situated all over the island to capture the action .
tr	NN	My angel is so light she practically floats .
tr	NNS	Things weren 't pretty before The Program , so let 's not start pretending they were .
tr	NN	" Don 't think I 'm not tempted , " the glorious elder said softly .
tr	NNS	Their flashlights went every which way , casting menacing shadows in all directions .
tr	NN	The goddess stilled for a moment and then giggled .
tr	NNS	Esme 's sobs abated as she watched him bend the clay man 's legs and sit him on the edge of the tub .
tr	NN	She had to slow down to unbutton her sweater , her braid saturated .
tr	NN	The gentleman with the claret gasped and started babbling shocked apologies .
tr	NN	Another archer , a girl , says she 's a mercenary , but too young .
tr	NN	Her blush would have charmed him , if she hadn 't already had him well in her grip .
tr	NN	Our intrepid Gumshoe may hope Lang will immortalize him on late-night vid .
tr	NN	" Happy birthday sunshine !
tr	NNS	Romulus never had a chance .
tr	NNS	Things that I shouldn 't tell anyone and I hadn 't planned to tell you " Martin paused to let her settle .
tr	NNS	The footsteps trampled over the grass behind me , but whether they were near or far I couldn 't tell .
tr	NN	The spark of hope in her burned away any residual fatigue .
tr	NN	" A guardian called us .
tr	NN	Why had not the winged master come to the aid of its slaves when he struggled with them ?
tr	NN	A young male werewolf stood guard outside her door .
tr	NNS	His footsteps disappeared down the hallway .
tr	NN	The wraith laughed evilly as I rolled onto my side .
tr	NN	One stroke at a time , don 't think about falling in !
tr	NNS	Upstairs is black with smoke .
tr	NN	Part of that is the water horses ' reputation , I think , and part of it is the stable 's .
tr	NN	" I 'm fine , " Jazz said coolly as she glanced around at the other inmates entering the room .
tr	NN	And in the back of his car on several occasions ; he 'd said one time the condom broke .
tr	NN	An eternity passed before Bennett took a breath , but I immediately grieved the loss of his tongue .
tr	NN	A deep bark brought her attention to the Great Dane leaping from the passenger seat of the red pickup .
tr	NN	The ninja demands , leaping at the bumbling fool with bad intentions .
tr	NNS	Obviously the cleaners had been in .
tr	NN	Every studio has its own aura .
tr	NNS	[ 1 ] Troll lore says that living creatures actually move backwards through time .
tr	NNS	What would the authorities do with the alien if he were discovered ?
tr	NNS	Three cells , with stone partitions between them , occupied the rear wall of a spacious room .
tr	NNS	For now , the drums were quiet and his leg was still screaming at him , but it was somehow more manageable .
tr	NNS	The emptiness rang through her , leaving her feeling scraped hollow , brittle , and weak .
tr	NNS	Her fingernails bit into her palms .
tr	NNS	The servants walked in and began working on me .
tr	NNS	" Things must be really bad . "
tr	NNS	The siblings had grabbed anything and everything light enough to carry and small enough to shove in a sack .
tr	NN	There was a disgruntled mutter from my left .
tr	NN	His throbbing c * ck teased me into a heightened awareness of myself and my body .
tr	NN	If looks could kill ... " You don 't know that it was just a mugging , " Chance argued .
tr	NN	The government won 't look kindly at a spy and traitor .
tr	NNS	When I went to pull away he kept a hold of my waist , my forearms resting against his shoulders as he stared at me .
tr	NN	" Stay ' ere , " the blonde fellow said .
tr	NN	The goblin vanished into the dim hallway .
tr	NNS	The dwarves here jumped out of the back of the airship armed with lightning guns .
tr	NN	Love and trust come first , tackle the other problems later .
tr	NN	In a place where I could never imagine him , the conviction might fade and that I could not live through .
tr	NN	My uncle was running the agency back then .
tr	NNS	Others thinking I was forced won 't make them back my plans .
tr	NN	But first , Your Excellency - " Bernard slashed a hand at the air .
tr	NN	Then , a low growl -- a sinister reverberating scream far too loud to come from a small , inoffensive creature .
tr	NN	My little pond was a sea , submerged by the overflow of the flooded creek .
tr	NN	" And er ... does the idea of being ... close with a man still terrify you ? "
tr	NN	The landing he found himself in had just opened enough for him to pace about four or five wide steps in either direction of the stream .
tr	NN	The proof that Eden did fight such a war is that , for certain , Was exists No More .
tr	NNS	Powerful military leaders like Monroe didn 't ambush former military men in grocery store parking lots just to catch up on old times .
tr	NNS	The fumes are already noxious . "
tr	NN	She ' l come back to you , and she ' l listen to you , once she gets a chance to cool down . "
tr	NN	The sleeveless garment was so paper thin that it offered no warmth whatsoever .
tr	NN	The sentiment was all well and good , but Avery knew he didn 't mean it .
tr	NN	The command was imperious .
tr	NN	Bloody bastard even had an endearment for her .
tr	NN	As she stepped into the trailer , the electricity snapped off and everything went dark .
tr	NN	By the time I get to class , my teacher is already a good ten minutes into his spiel about Shakespeare 's Much Ado about Nothing .
tr	NN	That old goat always looked a day away from death , but he had the strength of a hemp rope .
tr	NNS	Any further losses on our side will put our survival as a species in jeopardy , and let 's not forget that they still outnumber us exponentially .
tr	NNS	Flattery betrayed signs of real Agitation ... lush in his cheeks , fingers trembling , eyes bright and glaring .
tr	NN	This venue also provided the magical beasts a place to make their homes .
tr	NNS	Her robotic pupils expanded , taking in more light .
tr	NNS	Dragons lived twice as long as the human lifespan .
tr	NNS	" The satellites won 't be able to see through the dust .
tr	NNS	Things never were good whenever Jake felt like something was off .
tr	NNS	The timed streetlights spilled across the street , creating shadows on the hard pavement .
tr	NNS	There were four torches lit to provide light in the room since there were no windows .
tr	NNS	The differences in each economy is profound .
tr	NN	Your attorney accepts him .
tr	NN	" My grandmother 's crystal vase . "
tr	NN	The iridescent gown was both , or either , depending on the light .
tr	NNS	Others buzzed higher , circling wider , stirring through the storm .
tr	NN	A training method I 'd have to start practicing after this was over .
tr	NNS	There was something fascinating about that woman .
tr	NNS	The more dangerous it gets , the more unlikely our chances are to ever make it to Milledgeville . "
tr	NNS	Darryl 's hopes that they would work yet again soared when Sandy smiled , untied her top and dropped it onto the floor .
tr	NNS	The Marsh creatures ducked and stumbled away , desperate to avoid the deadly swarm of lead .
tr	NNS	Things don 't need to get any bloodier and more unpleasant than they are already .
tr	NN	The leopard even appeared different .
tr	NN	" Another girly drink . "
tr	NNS	" All wolves handle their change differently .
tr	NNS	Wires and tubes were strung from my arms to a pair of poles next to me , the monitors attached to them beeped softly .
tr	NNS	Chapter 17 W hen Sylvie woke up , the roads looked icy .
tr	NNS	There are no signs of any Sentinels watching .
tr	NN	There was a fancy , wrought iron one there where the metal had been forged into an elegant pattern of flowers and leaves .
tr	NNS	Silver sandals poked from the hem .
tr	NN	Each inch of fragile skin revealed made his mouth go dry .
tr	NNS	Barnabas gave a dark chuckle , " There the monster hides , behind his mother 's skirt .
tr	NN	Sitting in a chair next to the fire was a young cleric , whom Father Tomas did not recognize .
tr	NNS	" There are a few differences , though they are so small that they wouldn 't have been detected had we not enlarged the image .
tr	NNS	Her thumbs madly typed into her cell phone .
tr	NN	And no offense , but you 're a stranger . "
tr	NNS	Hands that had never done a day 's hard work in their life .
tr	NNS	There were already enough lies between them .
tr	NN	The black jaguar appeared from the brush at Maggie 's side .
tr	NN	But the bullet that went through his leg hadn 't hit a major artery or chipped the bone .
tr	NNS	Four recruits with their heads shaved just like his had stood in their places , ready to spew out phrases that had been taught to them .
tr	NNS	A black Mercedes cruised by and she watched it drive down the road .
tr	NNS	Two murders with female victims showed up on the second search .
tr	NNS	Images of the bulging pecs that swelled beneath his tight black t-shirt flashed through her mind .
tr	NNS	The drugs didn 't seem to affect his strength as they had hers .
tr	NN	Apparently , a neighbor had heard strange sounds in a nearby vacant house and , on investigation , had spotted a shadowy figure inside .
tr	NN	But the notion of Cybele playing a trick on him was more inconceivable than her total memory loss .
tr	NN	Despite the crude retort , a lust for Hilda had flared up inside him .
tr	NNS	The locks slammed viciously after him and the passage was sealed off .
tr	NNS	There was a certain smugness to my brother 's tone .
tr	NN	A spark of recognition snapped in the man 's eyes as he stepped backward a half pace .
tr	NN	the agent told him .
tr	NN	His audience emptied their wallets into the collection plates and completed pledge cards .
tr	NN	The soft thud of her body hit him like a freight train .
tr	NN	The network itself requires minimal structure .
tr	NN	At least your priest isn 't inflicting any more of his mumbo-jumbo on her .
tr	NNS	Others scoured the woods for firewood , more easily found in August than at other times of year .
tr	NN	No sacrifice was too great .
tr	NN	The bullet flew through the air .
tr	NNS	Flowers sent to her boss 's discarded mistresses .
tr	NN	A trickle of snow and dirt slid near her feet .
tr	NNS	The sirens fell off .
tr	NN	His leap is impressive , but far short of the goal .
tr	NNS	" Those shackles are from the forge of Hephaestus .
tr	NN	As simultaneous as we had started , the squad ceased fire .
tr	NN	The sway of her h * ps and that full rounded ass tempted him where he stood .
tr	NN	" Lust wants quenching like a fire .
tr	NNS	His grandparents moved out when he entered high school .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of Geraldine combined with Colin 's outrageous suggestion .
tr	NN	The vicar read out aloud .
tr	NNS	Shadow creatures are moving down the branches .
tr	NN	No-one gained anything from revealing it anyway , only someone spiteful would share it .
tr	NNS	The gates shook and quivered , splinters appearing at the edges .
tr	NN	" The pattern of metal taps continues . "
tr	NNS	Oh sure , there were chandeliers , but they were covered with what looked to be big trash bags .
tr	NN	My darling you look more beautiful than ever .
tr	NN	Part of the safe 's dial still gleamed brightly , although most of it was covered in blackened soot from the blowtorch .
tr	NNS	In a short space , all the preparations were ready .
tr	NNS	Like quicksilver , the colors changed and blended .
tr	NNS	Thank God , the bees had disappeared with the sun .
tr	NNS	The pancakes tasted like paste , and the bacon was so salty that I nearly gagged , but it was food .
tr	NN	Part of her was starting to accept what he said , although she still didn 't understand all of it .
tr	NNS	From what I hear , some networks do better than others , so whether it works or not depends on your service . "
tr	NNS	Despite my assertions otherwise , my classmates clearly had changed .
tr	NNS	The pills started to work their magic .
tr	NNS	" Things would become unpleasant . "
tr	NNS	Two pirates brought in a table and hand scanners and set them up near the atrium 's doors .
tr	NN	No , this flit was going to die right here right now .
tr	NN	My pulse took off at a sprint , pounding blood so hard through my body I could feel it in my ears .
tr	NN	" I think I 've lost my way , the mountain should be ... Wait .
tr	NNS	Her own eyelids drooped , but she couldn 't stop staring at the carpet of clouds below them as the sun rose .
tr	NN	A trickle of unease ran through her .
tr	NN	With that , the patrons seemed to lose interest and they returned to their cards , arm wrestling , dice , and conversation .
tr	NNS	Besides , our supposedly being cousins does not make us above scandal .
tr	NN	" The center panel won 't budge .
tr	NN	Mikey 's defense was flawless , as his chest expanded and he stepped further into her space .
tr	NN	The hunt might have taken place a year ago , for all she recalled of it .
tr	NN	What 's their status ? "
tr	NNS	Others did not agree , but none were willing to take him in .
tr	NNS	The courts always interviewed the kids .
tr	NNS	Cars crammed the streets and headlights shone through rainy darkness .
tr	NNS	" Everyone dresses in the most amusing habits and behaves in accordance with their disguised persona .
tr	NNS	My instincts were telling me that Briggs wouldn 't let this go on for much longer .
tr	NNS	" Those dinosaurs are so incredible , though ! "
tr	NN	The graveyard shift supervisor who 'd received the woman 's body had filed a request that animal control come inspect the ravaged body and gouged chest .
tr	NNS	That myths were real .
tr	NNS	Best buddies to my Simon , Ryan and Neil had fallen head over feet for my ladies .
tr	NNS	Words followed sometime after .
tr	NN	The roar that met her ears was thunderous as the eyes of every beast flashed red .
tr	NN	I suspect ' t is not a serious matter .
tr	NNS	Old aunts shouldn 't flirt with young ladies . "
tr	NNS	Screams and cries chased her into the deeper woods .
tr	NN	His voice slid against her mind , over and into , a gentle thrust much like his hips made , pushing his heavy erection against her thigh .
tr	NN	This accursed kidnapping may be the only opportunity of showing and telling her how much I care .
tr	NNS	The ruins of homes poke through the snow and the roads are clear .
tr	NN	The first thing Conrad did when he greeted me was look at my hands .
tr	NN	" Happy birthday , baby girl , " Mrs. Mercer said .
tr	NN	The only option we had was to wait and hope for another van to come along .
tr	NNS	Through chicanery and guile these traitors waited for the right time to give the Judas kiss and betray the Fourth Reich .
tr	NN	He can lie down on the car rugs , " said a gentleman .
tr	NN	Death at his hands was a small price to pay to keep certain secrets kept safe .
tr	NNS	Things aren 't always obvious . "
tr	NN	Part of me wants to punch him .
tr	NNS	Their caps were of iron and they were shod with iron , and their faces were grim .
tr	NN	The route wasn 't difficult , and things were finally going our way .
tr	NNS	On top of that , classes were in full swing , which meant our workload as students was getting heavy .
tr	NNS	There were various sound effects after this , including footsteps , a creaking noise , the crackling of static electricity , and an organ .
tr	NN	A throbbing started at the base of Luc 's skull and engulfed his head .
tr	NNS	The butterflies flew above Cassandra 's head and took different directions .
tr	NN	The mountain proved to be much bigger than Kelly had expected .
tr	NNS	Slow , plodding footsteps thanked toward her .
tr	NN	the knight yelled out .
tr	NNS	The mattress was firm but it didn 't matter .
tr	NNS	George and Martha programs were behaving erratically .
tr	NN	The hunt was coming , but the man with the sword was too close .
tr	NNS	Not that people did much laundry these days , what with disposable clothing and material that shed dirt the way ducks shed water .
tr	NNS	His thumbs grazed the constellation of freckles .
tr	NN	" Our faction has had a close relationship with Erudite for as long as any of us can remember .
tr	NN	And baby doll , they won 't . "
tr	NN	A spark leapt from a black bracelet around Rocky 's wrist .
tr	NNS	As the camp ran to aid the victims , the dark armored warriors stood unmoved .
tr	NN	The burial will happen this evening . "
tr	NN	the big agent asked .
tr	NN	The managing partner nodded .
tr	NN	For example , the majority of patients were middle-aged women , but hardly any children .
tr	NNS	Her efforts made it twenty steps before strong hands grabbed her arm , yanking her back into his solid chest .
tr	NNS	" Old newspapers ... Doll heads ... a wooden leg ... a baseball glove . "
tr	NN	Love glared at it , stood still and listened .
tr	NN	Some minutes later , a Sherman tank pops out .
tr	NN	The only illumination now came from those twin beams of light that rapidly grew larger and brighter .
tr	NN	How can one genius compete against so many ?
tr	NN	She didn , t turn away .
tr	NNS	Moses asked , knowing that he would be happy to go anywhere , just for the excitement of travelling .
tr	NN	Of course , isolation didn 't give me much to boast about when it came to relationships .
tr	NNS	Things were going to be okay .
tr	NN	The lamp in the open window flickered , scattering the shadows across the dead grass beneath his feet .
tr	NN	The crushing formality of the entire process is exhausting .
tr	NNS	The ruckus subsides , and a few moments later , Francesca appears at the hole in the window .
tr	NN	A receptionist , or admin assistant , or someone along those lines sat behind a small desk in front of the door .
tr	NNS	Almost half the tickets were fakes , but the gate staff couldn 't tell them apart .
tr	NN	No smells emanated from the kitchens .
tr	NNS	But then the signs stopped , as though the man had vanished into thin air .
tr	NNS	The images were blurred , but they were there in his mind .
tr	NNS	The public courts and subsequent executions were her least favorite thing about life in the city .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids slid down and she struggled to open them again .
tr	NN	A growl signaled a cold engine starting .
tr	NNS	" The effects will wear off over time .
tr	NNS	Looks like thunderstorm . "
tr	NNS	The other lizards cooed in approval , invisible in the colorful fluffy foliage of the Oma tree .
tr	NNS	" The ladies can 't resist . "
tr	NNS	The Fowler family 's ancestors originally came from the Norwich area , and this Cambridgeshire gal 's accent had driven the young Connie bonkers .
tr	NN	The hatch slid open with the press of a button , and I swung my legs onto the ground .
tr	NNS	Others fled in various directions , grabbing what they could .
tr	NN	" The usher escorts the Oracle in and out of the cave , assists him if something goes wrong , monitors the computer equipment in the airlock .
tr	NN	As we rounded the final corner in our trek , there was a deafening roar .
tr	NNS	Sirens blared at those who had gathered around to watch the pregnant woman being loaded up .
tr	NNS	Others in the Church have commented on the startling resemblance between mother and child .
tr	NNS	So many new species have we .
tr	NN	There was no mistaking who had set off the alarm .
tr	NNS	As far as I know there are no great legends , Gods , or myths about jellyfish .
tr	NNS	His wrists are rubbed raw , bleeding , his body pounded into one piece of pain , his leg bloodied through with a bullet .
tr	NN	Her only option was to lie , which she hated doing .
tr	NN	His long white apron read : " Don 't Mess with the Chef ! "
tr	NN	The lever grew hot .
tr	NN	" My grandmother and the Weaver allied with the wraiths .
tr	NNS	The werewolves and vampires were banging on the door , hard .
tr	NN	The ape looked at him , a puzzling expression on his simian face .
tr	NNS	Screams erupted as blue uniformed guards rushed to the podium .
tr	NN	FBI special agent Rice a man with zero believe in the supernatural but an expert in solving supernatural cases must solve the mysterious circumstances surrounding the case .
tr	NNS	In between two banks of black painted instruments was the next door .
tr	NNS	The sirens got louder .
tr	NN	The Jeep didn 't budge .
tr	NNS	Riddick 's eyelids drooped , but he forced them open a few times before closing altogether .
tr	NNS	Things were starting to reach a boiling point in the general public .
tr	NNS	They all had identical long blond hair , only the strands looked like spun gold and floated around their shoulders as if immersed in water .
tr	NN	The resulting chaos of her belongings strewn about the room had then both tripping over luggage and shoes and clothing .
tr	NN	A sexual assault , however , had never crossed his mind .
tr	NN	The mayor bounced out of his plush seat and scurried around his big shiny desk with his hand out .
tr	NNS	Stacks of furniture and boxes loomed in the shadows .
tr	NN	The captain raised his hand , and the musketeers ' fingers curled around their triggers .
tr	NN	An elderly gentleman emerged from the Mercedes and straightened the collar to his suit , then popped his knuckles .
tr	NN	An ideal candidate for a mate , " Ezra replied .
tr	NN	The Master himself had been elsewhere , attending to Ahmad 's body .
tr	NNS	At military bases outside the ASSC states , planes and ships left their bases bound for bases within the ASSC states .
tr	NNS	Others look up and soon screams fill the air .
tr	NN	A tiny sob broke free .
tr	NNS	" All those quarters won 't fit in my pocket . "
tr	NN	A magical affinity between object and likeness , between being and symbol , underlies all symbol systems .
tr	NN	The conflict came when his mind declared war on his emotions .
tr	NN	The leader glances away from Jael to regard me with puzzlement .
tr	NN	As we drove , the countryside of Angkor began springing to life .
tr	NN	There were a dozen escorts in the room .
tr	NNS	Things I shouldn 't see .
tr	NNS	The older he got , the fewer chances he took .
tr	NN	Every review helps , no matter how short !
tr	NN	Part of me did die because of that . "
tr	NN	" No pun intended . "
tr	NNS	His movements took a wild turn , his h * ps jutting furiously .
tr	NNS	Their tongues dueled , breaths coming out heavy , and then he pulled back .
tr	NN	And his complete domination of her body was making her come undone .
tr	NN	They paused in one upward thrust , Damien 's h * ps raised , piercing her completely .
tr	NN	My first option is to become a Host and live in a compound .
tr	NNS	Bugs fell hard to the polished wood floor .
tr	NNS	The cards didn 't matter anymore .
tr	NNS	Girls were crazy , and I didn 't know her from Adam .
tr	NNS	Even drunks sobered up .
tr	NNS	Things were going to be better now .
tr	NNS	Others are strangers offering help and support .
tr	NNS	Although she went by the name of Lacey Kinkaid , her legal documents still read Lilly Dumont .
tr	NNS	Old ladies just love him .
tr	NNS	All those competing colors whirled about in her head , and sounds of the sea seemed to follow her heartbeat softly , insistently .
tr	NN	Ok , maybe I was being a little over dramatic , but school had never been my , um , thing .
tr	NNS	Their handlers walked behind , keeping the animals in line .
tr	NN	Her pen , Clary noticed , was a silvery birch twig .
tr	NNS	" The fairies , " Ethan said .
tr	NNS	Fortunately multiple swarms were following him .
tr	NN	The bullet fired out of the killer 's gun had hit her .
tr	NN	The van lurched around a corner , throwing her onto her side .
tr	NN	Fierce determination seeped into his being and he straightened his body further .
tr	NN	Unlike the mysterious rest of the house , the pavilion was one of the places I 'd been .
tr	NN	But instinct screamed for her to run back .
tr	NN	In a shy , starry-eyed fan girl kind of way . "
tr	NNS	While I 'd finished up my work for Spy Games , Jolie 's minions had destroyed my entry .
tr	NNS	The five mercenaries kept close to each other .
tr	NNS	Others dropped upon the broad steps .
tr	NN	Fiona 's spine straightened .
tr	NN	The crop up there is lighter , easier on the horses .
tr	NN	The corporal had facilitated matters in one other way .
tr	NN	And the oldest race in the world was extinct .
tr	NN	We 've been so blessed these past few days , his grandmother said .
tr	NN	Unfortunately , Raiden wasn " t diverted .
tr	NN	His accent was American .
tr	NNS	The servants hopped down and opened the door to the carriage once again , proffering a hand to help Thomas out .
tr	NNS	After all , creatures with fangs can be good-natured .
tr	NNS	Others echoed her question up and down the hall .
tr	NN	The grooves , I suspect , were convenient when designing a colony abode . "
tr	NN	Considering what was up ahead , the prophecy sounded to me like one big cosmic joke .
tr	NNS	The Grey House vamps also passed along that Darius would be dining here tonight .
tr	NN	Maybe my jet lag was finally wearing off .
tr	NN	The mayor had declared " war " on them , saying he wanted to " clean up the streets . "
tr	NNS	But the safety protocols turned out to be in ROMs .
tr	NN	His Command incorporated making the rope respond to taps of his finger along its length .
tr	NNS	" Yes , but couples normally go together .
tr	NNS	Like a pair of strike aircraft in close formation , the two creatures swept towards him .
tr	NNS	Flames devoured someone who screamed my name .
tr	NN	My feet pound against the gravel and only now do I realise how desperate I am for Edward to have heard correctly .
tr	NN	The lapping of the water from their wash was regular and seemed to synchronise with his cerebral pulse .
tr	NNS	Summers are pretty nice , not much spring or fall .
tr	NNS	The standard big box stores anchor each end , with a lot of lady apparel stores in between .
tr	NNS	Nerves send small shock waves through my chest , and my hand trembles as I raise it to his shoulders .
tr	NNS	Images continued to play in his mind .
tr	NN	Part of me knew the truth when I heard it .
tr	NN	The lord of the manor was in worse condition than the guard outside , nearly unrecognizable .
tr	NN	An exhaust pipe rose up the back and over the top of the bowl ... small wisps of steam came out as the generators idled quietly .
tr	NN	" Way to go , Bernice . "
tr	NN	♫ " The bard gave a deep breath and held out his hat .
tr	NN	' Could have taken my car , ' Love said .
tr	NNS	Yes , my warriors would like that .
tr	NNS	Maks and the others knew what he meant .
tr	NNS	Those personality changes can be as minor as toilet habits or food preferences , or as significant as views on child rearing , womanizing or physical abuse .
tr	NN	His body language was clear - we were working together .
tr	NN	A low growl erupted from the back of his throat as he reached down and took hold of her shirt , pulling her to her feet .
tr	NN	The bitch squad goes rigid .
tr	NNS	Her usually staid warriors suddenly looked uneasy , but they didn 't falter in their defensive formation .
tr	NNS	" Try outs were three weeks ago .
tr	NNS	The facts were they 'd known each other only a couple of days .
tr	NNS	Curious to how they tasted , I reached for one .
tr	NNS	" About 12,000 Happy Meals .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of Alicia and Ms. Terwilliger snapped me back to the importance of my mission , and I gave Julia and Kristin a decisive nod .
tr	NNS	" When will these sessions be over ? "
tr	NNS	Her fingernails felt as if they were being ripped out and the muscles of her forearm cramped and twitched .
tr	NNS	Rags chased the ball and brought it back to Michael .
tr	NN	Like the huge ships were an audience , watching her as she walked by .
tr	NNS	Nicodemus laid one hand on the knife again .
tr	NNS	The cave tunnels ran like a maze under the lodge and the lake and the high hill beyond .
tr	NN	A forceful graphic occupied the front cover : A sword gripped in a powerful hand .
tr	NN	The ice dragon breathed again .
tr	NN	" Not the sheriff , but yeah , he 's one of the deputies , " Connie told her .
tr	NNS	The paintings are at my house .
tr	NNS	And any possibilities it seemed me inadequate .
tr	NN	A page of chemical tests presented itself , and I took a few samples and set to work .
tr	NN	" How was your birthday ? "
tr	NN	The recording cut off .
tr	NNS	Hailey curses under her breath when she realizes she said that a little too loudly when it was supposed to be a whisper .
tr	NNS	There were wolves in these mountains ; she often heard them singing at night .
tr	NN	" But life is not easy , my darling , and easy won 't always make you happy .
tr	NN	Chance , Nikki 's boyfriend , said that there was no doubt in him getting rid of me .
tr	NN	" And the winner is ... " Kara paused for dramatic effect as her eyes happily scanned the crowd .
tr	NN	A loud whistle interrupted proceedings .
tr	NN	The coven , under Armand 's command , had destroyed her .
tr	NN	Then , an inch from my right ear , he whispered , " You frightened ? "
tr	NN	Your grumbling doesn 't change the fact that you 've a lot of learning ahead of you .
tr	NN	At a clearing , the lieutenant stopped the group suddenly .
tr	NN	Your uncle wants me to start immediately . "
tr	NNS	The Queen 's Jewels died as well . "
tr	NN	And , Max , eternity really is a long time to spend alone . "
tr	NNS	From what I can see , your skills tend toward killing things . "
tr	NNS	All appearances pointed to her being a sitting duck .
tr	NNS	There are some cliffs that are just too late to jump from , Vivienne .
tr	NNS	Animals and birds scurried away as he passed .
tr	NN	The newest layer of paint was a pale yellow that was trying very hard to be cheery , but fell a little short .
tr	NN	Is your business number a toll free number , Samantha ? "
tr	NN	" The Queen is in mourning and does not wish to be disturbed , " said the tall and sinewy squad leader .
tr	NNS	" Things aren 't the same between us .
tr	NN	My partner in this endeavor is a professional vampire hunter , one who has destroyed vampires in many cities across the land .
tr	NNS	The cousins still had nothing to say to Neil , but Neil noticed Nicky watching Kevin and Neil from time to time throughout practice .
tr	NN	This angel loved me as no cursed monster could ever hope to deserve . "
tr	NN	" Your grandmother did the same thing for you .
tr	NN	The abandoned countryside heightened Cole 's tension .
tr	NN	A bullet shattered the window of the abandoned storefront behind Forte .
tr	NNS	Their nocturnal sessions were , to Kane , the pure gift of living inebriation .
tr	NNS	The other planets they 've taken over did not possess human intelligence . "
tr	NN	" We 'll see , " the other deputy replied .
tr	NNS	The concepts of magic and powers were so far-fetched that they assumed it was a natural cure .
tr	NN	The hermit laid the decree on the table and sat back , laying down his arms and fastening his grip on the rests .
tr	NN	There is a collective release , a relaxation of tension .
tr	NNS	" How are the preparations coming ? "
tr	NN	' Hey mister , ' said Angelina with her hands on her hips .
tr	NN	My Master gave them to me about five thousand years ago .
tr	NNS	Paul 's eyelids flew open and looking forward he saw a column of steam rising up and obscuring the view out of the windscreen .
tr	NN	The colonel hadn 't found Luc or the others .
tr	NNS	If they were attacked by the infected dingoes , then chances are they were infected as well .
tr	NNS	Her fists pummeled his body , sobs shook through her , weakening the effort .
tr	NNS	Around the desk were the essentials , a communication post , a gun rack , a food processor and a bed .
tr	NN	The Black Dwarf rolled his eyes , and took the device .
tr	NNS	Things like that , happening here .
tr	NN	Part of her wanted to recall her words .
tr	NNS	The villagers are really an interesting lot , and already I have made a few friends .
tr	NNS	Or the cats , back before they met their demise .
tr	NNS	But with Gaston in their midst ... Ahead of her , the countess opened the French door .
tr	NNS	There were rows upon rows of unmarked headstones fanning out in half-moon shapes , tiling the manicured lawn .
tr	NN	Link glanced down at the lock .
tr	NN	Part of her knew exactly what Todd was doing .
tr	NN	How had his uncle even known he 'd seen her ?
tr	NNS	' Why don 't the authorities stop it ? '
tr	NNS	The coils unwound , spread and straightened into the rungs of a ladder .
tr	NN	Despite being dark , damp and severely run down , the castle echoed a time of greatness .
tr	NN	They won , t let me out of here right now .
tr	NNS	But their ideas and attitudes diverged more each day .
tr	NN	Chance came hard on my heels .
tr	NN	A luggage cart sped toward the wrecked airplane .
tr	NNS	The mattress dipped under his weight , and he handed her the mug , watching as she took an appreciative sniff of the rich Columbian roast .
tr	NN	" Your ex-girlfriend is here ?
tr	NN	The nasty sulfur stench grew stronger the closer she edged .
tr	NNS	The blotchy spots in her eyes shrank , allowing her to see Cain .
tr	NNS	House servants rushed about cleaning , delivering fresh linen and laying clean rushes on the floors .
tr	NNS	Things have been crazy . "
tr	NN	A dusky blond curl fell from his forehead and into his eyes , reminding Victoria that he still had the ability to make her insides go soft .
tr	NNS	There were versions of it all over the place .
tr	NN	" I 'll be back , " the cowboy promised .
tr	NNS	" Things won 't be the same without you . "
tr	NNS	Sachiko smiled , as if amused by the ways the minds of children worked .
tr	NNS	The interior roads weren 't clear of snow , and the BOW slipped and slid and a couple of times almost got stuck .
tr	NNS	The strands were eager to do my bidding , sliding in and out of their knots .
tr	NN	There was a murderer who burned all these innocent people to death in the old ship . "
tr	NNS	There are too many suspects with too many dodgy alibis . "
tr	NNS	Too recently , wolves had surrounded me and I feared for my life .
tr	NNS	His paws pounded the ground , sending it flying in all directions .
tr	NN	The courtyard needed to be cleansed by a Black Widow .
tr	NN	The sheriff pulled out a report and began to read it .
tr	NN	A growl rumbled to my right , another to my left , one behind .
tr	NNS	Sara 's quick footsteps sounded behind him , but he couldn 't let himself think about her fear right now .
tr	NN	Suddenly a pencil on his desk started to give off cracking noises .
tr	NN	The loud exclamation made me open my eyes before the storm fully matured .
tr	NN	The coven decrees it and tradition demands it !
tr	NNS	There were ghosts in Jonas 's soul .
tr	NNS	Maybe pigs would fly , too .
tr	NN	Her wildcat wanted to come out and play , to feel the forest floor underneath her paws , to taste the wind .
tr	NN	The Russian leader rubbed his chin .
tr	NNS	The nurses didn 't seem to be in a panic as they checked her vitals , which was reassuring .
tr	NN	The silver bullet was the key , of course .
tr	NN	The jar to his calf , which was certainly broken , brought a sharp cry to his lips .
tr	NNS	" Well , the grapes are getting warm , so hurry it up ! "
tr	NN	The referee told Lea to stop and inspected Luisa , which didn 't take long .
tr	NN	Regardless , my hunger wanted him ferociously .
tr	NN	An arrest of even the lowliest of citizens was an event to be dissected for weeks .
tr	NNS	Her natural shyness overcame her .
tr	NN	Your Princess will rise again in this new form , as all clones do .
tr	NN	There was a wide-open yard on the inside of the fence , surrounding a small grouping of only slightly dilapidated buildings .
tr	NN	Was there anything sexier than a man holding his child with obvious love in his eyes ?
tr	NNS	The chains she 'd erected broke , unleashing her will with a vengeance .
tr	NNS	Before either could cast a word of surprise , the lean figures sprinted gracefully towards them .
tr	NN	The elf jumped back , and another elf leaped towards Tom .
tr	NN	" My golden goddess opened the heavens and commanded their tears when your bride left this earth .
tr	NNS	Others would play with her , cry in her arms , sit long nights with her ... but Pyotr knew a truth that morning .
tr	NNS	Things had been so awkward between them over the past two weeks .
tr	NN	Her discomfort only seemed to encourage him .
tr	NN	" My honour is at stake and you think I could care anything for your penitence ? "
tr	NNS	Flames leaped up to curl around the stacked peat .
tr	NN	Better yet , there was a tiny gargoyle only a few steps away , hung to the wall with silver manacles .
tr	NNS	The cut strings of hair fluttered till they had landed on her back .
tr	NN	The fragrance of roses became stronger as Lucien 's eyes glittered menacingly .
tr	NN	Then passion crashed down on them both in the same searing instant .
tr	NNS	My hackles slightly rose , but no one else seemed bothered .
tr	NN	As he expected , his announcement drew immediate cheers from most of the assembly and a respectful but steady movement toward the now beaming bartender .
tr	NNS	" Your targets will be predatory aliens and the humans who help them .
tr	NN	Only History will answer that question .
tr	NNS	There were conflicting statements running through his head .
tr	NNS	Others had let me know - in an amiable way - about other monarchs they were pals with , monarchs with big armies .
tr	NN	The appeal to something ingrained deeper in his brother appeared to be what Ty needed .
tr	NNS	Radiation levels are almost back to normal now . "
tr	NN	The lamp crashed with great force against the door .
tr	NNS	But at least Pavel and Back Up stayed loyal .
tr	NNS	Things that once seemed impossible and taken for fun in movies or comic books came into reality during the new atmosphere of the gothic world .
tr	NNS	There , the tiny worms had adapted to carry on a reduced life cycle even at the lowest temperatures .
tr	NNS	Which means that I not only look just like the animal I am portraying , I also feel like him , hormonal urges included . "
tr	NNS	Romulus agreed before Viktor had a chance to object .
tr	NNS	Valerius asked , surprising her with the depth of sincere concern that she heard in his voice .
tr	NNS	" And there are many swoon-worthy characters in the literary world , new and old . "
tr	NNS	Thoughts of Ryan flooded her mind .
tr	NN	My h * ps began to sway as he guided me through the motions , keeping in perfect time with the tempo .
tr	NNS	There were differences that didn 't do well to settle her .
tr	NN	No valet named Jeeves ? "
tr	NNS	Small observation ports that were on either side and covered before were open now .
tr	NNS	Reyes had never heard such words before , and for a long moment they didn 't connect inside his brain .
tr	NNS	" The suns will rise tomorrow .
tr	NN	Another specimen appeared from behind the same group of trees that Man had come from .
tr	NN	The healer said you needed complete bed rest .
tr	NNS	By now the fireworks show seen from the ground by a city with its lights turned out had drawn quite the crowd .
tr	NN	A black veil dropped over Dan 's vision and he was momentarily dizzy , not sure which way was up or down .
tr	NN	The television came on in the den .
tr	NN	As he was placing his feet , the harness snapped with a blood-curdling pop .
tr	NN	Its marble and enamel inlays make it a work of art in its own right .
tr	NN	A rumbling sounded again .
tr	NNS	Elven mothers carry their children in their womb for twenty months , during which time they are generally encouraged to do little or nothing at all .
tr	NNS	Those neon signs illuminated her every movement , and her raspy pants were like drumbeats in her ears .
tr	NNS	There are risks you must take and have faith , if it fails , do not blame someone else .
tr	NNS	Even the creatures that hid in the grass often used the road to ease their journeys .
tr	NN	The traditional ladies ' man reputation associated with mechanics and musicians had passed Mike by .
tr	NNS	Monochromatic colors of black and silver covered the building from the ceiling to the floor .
tr	NN	A blank television looked down at him from an adjacent wall mounted set .
tr	NNS	Chills spread over my body .
tr	NN	The plasma blinks into blackness .
tr	NN	A receptionist ushered me into Orfeo 's cramped little office .
tr	NN	Plus , you can believe me when I tell you a good review works wonders on a writer 's soul .
tr	NNS	The mech wolves were still too immobilized with confusion to stop them .
tr	NNS	" What 's downstairs ? "
tr	NN	Off to the left , an owl hooted in a long hollow note as full night threatened .
tr	NN	" Perhaps ' t is time we move Celeste from her home .
tr	NNS	As his head pressed firmly in to the makeshift cushion , the edges of his vision became blurry .
tr	NNS	Several members of the committee looked knowingly at each other , and then the woman with the short hair volunteered to speak on their behalf .
tr	NN	His lack of a denial hit her harder than she thought it would .
tr	NN	His personality seemed the opposite of Clark 's .
tr	NN	That bitch told on us .
tr	NN	a cognizant original release september 29 2010 Epilogue February 2005 Jeremy 's eyes fluttered open with the ringing of the phone .
tr	NN	The flashlight 's reflection glared sharply in it .
tr	NN	Her attorney would never have trusted him with anything that could hurt her .
tr	NNS	Those clowns seeing their victim come back from the dead .
tr	NN	Reality hit her like a brick as she was clipped by the sharp edge of the creature 's claws .
tr	NN	" Even if I had not noticed our size differences , your habit of calling me ' little one ' would have given me a hint . "
tr	NNS	Officials don 't tolerate trespassers , and all the shops are their territory .
tr	NNS	The clones ' quarters have their exterior walls and hatches intact , but the interiors are completely useless .
tr	NNS	Her pupils widened in awareness , sensual anticipation .
tr	NN	" The abduction and rape of Merrie Callahan ... Makes it sound like a made-for-TV movie from one of those damn cable channels . "
tr	NN	She knew they would not remain that way though , the horrible stench told her that much .
tr	NNS	Even with the sun shining , our summers are nothing like yours . "
tr	NNS	My movements were swift , too practiced , too fast , and in a fraction of a second , and I was standing in front of Brianna .
tr	NN	A warning prickle of heat crawled over his skin .
tr	NN	Sonia 's heart leapt and another thimble full of cement ( maybe two , or even three ) joined the first .
tr	NN	His guilt prodded him until he mustered his courage .
tr	NN	A silly giggle threatened .
tr	NNS	The servants have all retired for the evening .
tr	NN	Then the whistle blew .
tr	NN	Can the werewolf cast a vote in wolf form , or only when he appears to be a man ?
tr	NN	This arrangement restores to us the element of choice that was denied us before . "
tr	NN	Anger and disgust toward herself boiled up inside making it hard to breathe .
tr	NNS	Kids at school , if they acknowledged him at all , called him Budda , thanks to Lando , may he die a slow painful death .
tr	NN	Suddenly , a low growl came from beside them in the ripened corn field .
tr	NNS	Two defenders greeted her , so she rose and fittingly shot a baby hook shot .
tr	NN	The Empire grew furiously , rapidly consuming its resources .
tr	NNS	" No worries , " said Dan , " we 'll look after her . "
tr	NNS	The eggs were now ready to prepare .
tr	NNS	Others were fresher , their skin a horrible array of purples and browns , their bodies bloated .
tr	NNS	Her hot breath fans against the sensitive shell , and she whispers , " Take me home .
tr	NNS	Most werewolves will be glad it happened . "
tr	NNS	Two changes of clothes and a few toilet articles would have to be sufficient until I was in a position to buy more .
tr	NN	There was only one cart in sight .
tr	NNS	And then there were the airplane tickets .
tr	NN	A bear cub comes out of a bush .
tr	NN	With those words , Chance knew that Will hadn 't told Gwen the truth .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared , his expression darkening even more .
tr	NNS	The hostages quivered in the corner trying to protect each other .
tr	NNS	Religious leaders are speaking out against the rising death toll , calling them ritualistic cult killings .
tr	NN	The primal growl of her voice as she tore off his pants made him want to throw her on the ground and take her like an animal .
tr	NNS	Overhead , the fluorescent squares in the ceiling began to flash on .
tr	NN	the 747 pilot asked .
tr	NNS	Sensor images vanished from the big screen to be replaced by static flashes of light .
tr	NNS	Reyes tossed his ruined boots aside .
tr	NNS	Were there other Immortals that could have been here ?
tr	NNS	Cassius could sense my fear .
tr	NN	Suddenly the trio disappeared through the double doors and closed them .
tr	NN	The leader reaches up and scratches his leather nose , suggesting it is a recent replacement .
tr	NNS	At last , two tall figures walked out of jail and my pulse raced as I made out Will 's outline .
tr	NNS	If she continued consuming it as if it were apple juice the effects might be interesting .
tr	NNS	Barely curbed fierceness leashed behind the steel control of the surgeon and the suave refinement of the man .
tr	NNS	" Jack 's body began fighting itself , transforming in and out without any control until one day , his organs began to shut down .
tr	NNS	There were a few grins from her colleagues in the pool .
tr	NN	Your daddy beat up your momma , too ? "
tr	NNS	Hephaestus pulled away from her and fainted .
tr	NNS	The moss in the big oaks has taken over the leafless branches , dry moss in clots with dead brown streamers blowing in the wind .
tr	NN	There was obviously another explanation .
tr	NNS	The hotel suites were on his credit card .
tr	NNS	The gunmen had seemingly vanished .
tr	NN	The committee decided to put this match .
tr	NNS	His pupils were starting to glow .
tr	NNS	Reyes smiled , a broad comprehensive smile he 'd learned to offer all those years ago .
tr	NNS	The cameras tightened onto his face .
tr	NNS	Things cannot be as they seem .
tr	NN	The mouth of the tunnel was wet , the soil crumbly .
tr	NN	Bit dark to be gardening he thought .
tr	NN	" Our booth , " he said proudly as he steered her to the back corner of the room .
tr	NNS	Things made sense there .
tr	NN	No chat or even any internet .
tr	NNS	Small paintings with gilded frames line the walls , and just outside David 's office is a pedestal with a bouquet of flowers on it .
tr	NNS	Things appeared normal as we drove along .
tr	NNS	After all , the proper bloodlines have never ensured intelligence . "
tr	NN	Her rant went completely ignored .
tr	NN	The reference to Carla 's mother reminded Anne that she forgot to tell her parents about the baby , and she told them the news , happily .
tr	NN	The launching of the satellites was a huge factor in the effort to get the Chinese back to China .
tr	NN	The fragrance of roses drifted from him , stronger than Reyes had ever smelled it .
tr	NN	" Who 's the new chick ? "
tr	NN	The leopard released the falcon , which leaped from the slab and took flight .
tr	NNS	Every day , the items on the menu just fell into place ... literally .
tr	NN	A sliver of alarm sliced through her senses .
tr	NNS	The four regions have become distrustful of one another , each blaming the other for the loss of the royal daughters .
tr	NNS	Others were seniors who were skipping class , but hey , at least they were doing something productive instead of heroin or spice .
tr	NN	Two years later The Cleo 's revenue was up forty-four percent while room occupancy had rocketed from sixty-three to ninety-five percent .
tr	NNS	His siblings accused him of being all business all the time , but somebody had to be focused on the future of Hightower Aviation .
tr	NN	A thin veil of frost covered the ground the next morning , but by mid-day it was seventy degrees .
tr	NN	A mop was leaning on his other side and a strange black powder now covered half of his face .
tr	NNS	Only pleasure cruisers ever carried it .
tr	NN	The maid left Susan standing alone , not knowing where to go now .
tr	NNS	Flames from a bonfire rose high at the center .
tr	NN	" It 's cold , " said her stoic escort from Boston .
tr	NN	While Jase rubbed his jaw , a loud crash came from Luis 's apartment .
tr	NN	' Louder , ' the cameraman said .
tr	NNS	Others would bet my Puritan cultural background would keep me from her .
tr	NN	There is no hesitation in their trail - no false starts .
tr	NN	" How was shopping ? "
tr	NN	And with that , the runner that had been slowing as it neared the port terminal slid to a stop .
tr	NN	The acid elemental was smart , clever , and cunning .
tr	NN	With their initial investigation completed , the museum had opened on time and business was as usual .
tr	NNS	There were rows upon rows of New Jersey souvenirs , glass thimbles with the state flag and spoons stamped with the official flower .
tr	NNS	Lots of artillery and shrapnel about , so be careful there .
tr	NN	A loud crash shot out of the speakers and the sounds of men screaming followed .
tr	NN	The envoy sighed heavily and told his commanders to prepare , then left with a messenger .
tr	NNS	The blades glinted to either side .
tr	NNS	My visits from Mother are real .
tr	NNS	Sadness wove into her words .
tr	NNS	Even wolves never fight with each other , if it can be helped ! "
tr	NNS	At least fifty angry fairies shot towards them like a swarm of angry wasps .
tr	NNS	Others noticed the cannon and asked whether the wreck was a treasure ship .
tr	NNS	He lay helpless in the thick grass , the chains wrapped tight , biting into flesh and in some spots , bone .
tr	NN	The dwarf jumped down and kicked a broken cartwheel .
tr	NN	Their fake engagement meant that they would be seeing a lot of each other over the next month or so .
tr	NN	A bullet that she 'd tried so hard to stop .
tr	NN	The Civil War , what the fuck was that about , kill 600,000 guys for what ?
tr	NNS	The images keep coming , but I push them away .
tr	NN	The further we got into the depths of the night , the more the goal seemed to be pointless .
tr	NNS	Two narrow grooves ran from the edges of her mouth to her chin .
tr	NN	Among them was a young actor named Ray Duke .
tr	NN	Surely in the arts the tradition makes it clear that the show must go on ... " " You 're a businessman , Wilfrid .
tr	NN	The dragon growled and landed on their side .
tr	NNS	Besides , there are certain signs . "
tr	NN	Even the musk of his sweat was intoxicating .
tr	NNS	Others will die and it will be your fault !
tr	NN	The concept obviously bothered him .
tr	NN	The vast majority of the Lok ' Chang agreed with the General .
tr	NNS	' The lands we 're passing though at the moment are suffering from the Fading far more than those we performed in only last week .
tr	NN	" Those squid have six tentacles . "
tr	NNS	The two goons dragged me across the tile floor and my toe scraped across the metal drain cover in the middle of the room .
tr	NN	His hesitation surprised Carol .
tr	NNS	Her lips moved more freely , the stiffness in her face and legs faded as if she 'd been dunked in a pool of pain relievers .
tr	NN	The rainbow around my body changed colors .
tr	NN	" The bullet has already left the gun .
tr	NN	One absence meant detention , two meant one week of suspension , and three throughout any given semester was as good as an expulsion .
tr	NN	And the fairytale did happen .
tr	NNS	That their roads might have diverged from mine .
tr	NN	" An old poker bet . "
tr	NNS	Smells like oil on the exhausts .
tr	NNS	The sirens stopped but the blue lights continued to flash .
tr	NN	A prickle caught at the back of Avery 's neck and her heart seemed to stop .
tr	NNS	Now the political winds were shifting .
tr	NNS	But the dwarves were all for supper as soon ' as possible just then , and would not stay .
tr	NN	By 11pm , only two hours after the polls closed , the vote was inevitable , and Scotland is staying as a part of the UK .
tr	NNS	Behind , the two gunmen found the sidewalk .
tr	NNS	Delores looked away , casting a critical eye on Jorge .
tr	NN	The winner takes not only the pot but our lovely Aphrodite as well .
tr	NNS	Suspicious kicked out , managing to roll sideways away from the thrashing pair , trying desperately to get clear .
tr	NN	He tilted the bottle back , took a swig .
tr	NN	His guilt over hitting her , at least took his mind off of his inappropriate thoughts .
tr	NN	The big vacuum cleaner took up the right side of the closet .
tr	NNS	Makes you wonder if the reason kilts shortened is because of Duncan and Fin going forward in time . "
tr	NNS	My actions did nothing .
tr	NN	The absence of her touch was like a slap of cold .
tr	NNS	Water pools in her eyes and her hand starts to shake .
tr	NN	There is a tap on the door , and it rings loudly in my ears .
tr	NNS	The origins of the dynasty of David are also unclear .
tr	NNS	Bugs scratched his head before saying , " Never heard of them .
tr	NN	" Mr. Rajesh , you can go in now , " the receptionist said .
tr	NNS	" The servants are all busy , making ready for the ball you are so eager to go to .
tr	NNS	Frightened shouts came from another mound about fifty yards farther away from where Gan hid and watched .
tr	NN	Amjad let out a spectacular snort at her tagging the king 's hail of " may you live long " to her irreverence .
tr	NNS	Several tiles littered the floor , fallen away .
tr	NNS	Her fingernails were thick and strangely grooved .
tr	NN	The cleric looked down at her in brief confusion .
tr	NN	" The turret , " I say .
tr	NN	Every adult with the last name of Barron yelled at the teenager at the same time .
tr	NN	My grandmother was a very generous woman .
tr	NN	" We have no right to disclose information about our patients , " the receptionist looked at the visitor intently .
tr	NN	my so-called partner asked .
tr	NN	Crime scene tape has been strung around the perimeter of the wrought iron fence .
tr	NNS	The roads were empty and black beneath the darkened sky , and Jeremy pressed the accelerator , speeding toward Greenville .
tr	NN	Where had that inviting sunshine gone ?
tr	NN	But the theory is easy to understand .
tr	NN	Her suitcase and her duffel bag were on her bed .
tr	NNS	Dim figures that looked like a post-mortem cast of Our Town stumbled about in the trees , bumping into the living and emitting a turbine roar .
tr	NN	But page after page after page and nothing had appeared .
tr	NN	" We haven 't gone anywhere Captain , " the pilot said with a nervous chuckle .
tr	NNS	" My wrists were . "
tr	NN	Love does not guarantee a successful marriage . "
tr	NNS	His hits , according to some officials , rose up to the eighty-five percent range . "
tr	NNS	Now spikes of red color stained her cheeks as anger glinted in her eyes .
tr	NNS	The sun inches toward the horizon as I walk .
tr	NN	In none of them did the caller say anything .
tr	NN	" No meddling neighbors . "
tr	NN	Nausea nearly suffocated Lilly at the sight .
tr	NN	The blue-eyed cowboy shook his head .
tr	NNS	Gramps is visiting so I might be busy . "
tr	NN	" I have to admit , your grandmother had good taste in wine . "
tr	NN	Her hectic schedule made her cherish moments like these .
tr	NN	The maid answered without looking up .
tr	NNS	Questions that could be asked and answered over dinner when the dragon was more relaxed .
tr	NN	The low rectangular outlines of furniture slowly appeared around us .
tr	NN	To his right was a gaping chasm .
tr	NNS	The two diminutive male figures appeared to be standing upon the doorstep .
tr	NN	Part of her wanted to rip his heart out for using the cologne she 'd given him to impress another girl .
tr	NN	" And vice versa . "
tr	NN	A shadow shifted on his left , a twig snapped .
tr	NN	" Love makes you do strange things . "
tr	NNS	She took a step toward me , her pupils expanded to form a perfect sapphire oval .
tr	NNS	The images were artist 's sketches , but they were so life-like .
tr	NN	There was no permanent spinal damage ; the swelling on the brain had been reduced significantly .
tr	NN	A small lantern on the floor of what appeared to be a dark cavern provided the only light .
tr	NNS	" And where are your companions ? "
tr	NN	The additional soil I 'd filled the Hab with was extremely dry and greedily sucked up a lot of the humidity .
tr	NN	Well , Radcliffe thought , the embarrassment of his having walked in on the boy 's sister in the bath would quickly fade with the night ahead .
tr	NNS	These daggers in my lungs feel so real .
tr	NNS	The images jumped from one area to another as Tony spun his head in all directions in a panic .
tr	NN	Her childlike glee faded to confusion when she couldn 't see Mummy waiting in the playground .
tr	NNS	Some changes take a lot of tears .
tr	NN	The referee looked at Payton , and could see that she was able to continue , but her eyes had become different .
tr	NNS	Shouts in Arabic , cries in English .
tr	NNS	Things have changed . "
tr	NN	But if the paparazzi catch you with a woman on the eve of your engagement ... " " As of this morning there is no engagement .
tr	NNS	The handwriting was rigid , the letters carved so deeply into the paper they almost tore through it in a few spots .
tr	NN	A cupcake would also be really good about now .
tr	NNS	Then the images flashed before his eyes .
tr	NNS	Drugs and police work ?
tr	NNS	His cheekbones were high , his nose straight , his lips full , lush , and sensual .
tr	NN	A punk raised by the system , by the streets .
tr	NN	There 's an infrastructure in place , that 's for sure . "
tr	NN	And some instinct told her to keep them that way .
tr	NN	By the gods , this mortal was so dangerous to him .
tr	NNS	Animals were so much better than people .
tr	NNS	The nurses whisk me away after that .
tr	NN	Mr. Smith 's secretary sat at a large desk guarding the entrance to his office .
tr	NN	But a troll " s club was found beside the body , " said the dwarf .
tr	NNS	Things were too good .
tr	NN	Without hesitation , I type , there 's only one circumstance where I would .
tr	NN	At first Nell 's infatuation had flattered her , and she had used it .
tr	NN	" I ' l put you to bed and you ' l feel better in the morning . "
tr	NNS	The soul paintings became visions and the visions new ventures providing food and richness for the people .
tr	NN	Her ploy worked at lunch , but she was probably worried I 'd figure it out , hence this call .
tr	NNS	Skyla lies folded in my arms as Dudley appears next to me .
tr	NNS	Flames of anger licked her chest .
tr	NN	There 's honesty in his blue eyes .
tr	NNS	The female wolves remained on their knees , weeping quietly .
tr	NN	His pulse quickened as he reached into his pocket and pulled out a master key .
tr	NNS	Before I could respond , a shirtless and disheveled Stephan appeared behind Blake , looking distraught .
tr	NNS	Dogs have sharp teeth .
tr	NNS	" A few squirrels threw nuts at you . "
tr	NNS	Romulus followed his eyesight to find markings above the king 's crown .
tr	NN	His mate missed twice .
tr	NN	The sacrifice I 'm speaking of isn 't one of dying but of living . "
tr	NN	The new arrival bent over to assist Fiji , who felt ridiculously embarrassed to have a man of his age helping her .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared and a slight hissing sound parted his lips .
tr	NN	His tidy moustache added a dash of colour to his pale boyish face .
tr	NNS	And if werewolves are real , what else is roaming the night ?
tr	NN	There was a murderer on the loose who needed to be brought in .
tr	NN	A spotlight hit center stage a minute later , and the opening chords of a song strummed through the speakers .
tr	NN	The downfall of the Leprechauns had resulted soon after .
tr	NNS	Thought actions speak louder than words in your business ? "
tr	NN	My anonymity would have to come to an end .
tr	NNS	" And what are your suggestions , Mr. Chairman ? "
tr	NNS	The group members nod , sitting up straight and looking at each other in anticipation .
tr	NNS	" Blah , blah , blah , my good pals wanted to get an unguarded reaction .
tr	NNS	Power objects have proven this . "
tr	NN	" I know , ' t is quite wicked of me to speak so of the dead , but ... " She shrugged .
tr	NNS	Clearly my fighting skills were a joke and my weapon was barely sharp enough to cut a slice of bread .
tr	NNS	Things just sort of fall out of his mouth that way -- I think it is an occupational hazard .
tr	NNS	Colette 's own shortcomings overwhelmed her .
tr	NNS	Hendricks came in at Thomas 's side .
tr	NNS	If you can 't afford Rocky , there are at least half a dozen other lovely young ladies available .
tr	NNS	" By the way , my manly bits are not bits .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , my skills as an artist are limited to Visio , meaning everything comes out blocky : So , pretend it is graceful .
tr	NN	Part of me couldn 't blame her , but ... Sighing , I handed Isabelle over to Jasmine and took a step back .
tr	NN	The author of the note left for him to find .
tr	NN	" My little announcement has a lot to do with what happened last night . "
tr	NN	And there was a big jug of milk , only half drunk , by the bed .
tr	NNS	" Cars , actually , " said the sheepish old merchant as he reached out with trembling hands to retrieve his property .
tr	NN	The gleam was not her eyes .
tr	NN	A growl rumbled over the line then ... " Where is she ? "
tr	NN	That loyalty terrified me , even as I exulted in it ; I 'd try to be worthy of such devotion .
tr	NNS	Chapter Twenty-One Things were so wrong .
tr	NNS	The two cats crashed heavily together , rolling across roots and boughs , the sounds of battle disturbing the night .
tr	NNS	Flowers of various colors covered them .
tr	NNS	Doors flew open before the Hummer had fully stopped and the team piled out .
tr	NN	A heroine chased him on her own jetpack .
tr	NN	From out of nowhere , a fifth player in a red jersey skated onto the ice .
tr	NNS	Sometimes , her sentences ended abruptly .
tr	NNS	The villagers thought him a traveller .
tr	NNS	An admiral 's quarters on a nuclear aircraft carrier were quite luxurious by military standards .
tr	NN	Dean 's pulse kicked into overdrive with the booming voice .
tr	NN	But the back page here says that Roth 's body was cremated two days after he died .
tr	NNS	Carved figures hung with angelic grace , as if waiting to hear the music and come alive .
tr	NN	There was a metallic pulse that came and went .
tr	NNS	And politeness just ran out the window .
tr	NN	The bullet had just grazed his forearm .
tr	NNS	There were no immediate signs , but I didn 't want to be the cause of someone 's anxiety attack .
tr	NNS	The mattress sagged sufficiently that Gene could imagine that it was the same one that he had laid on back on April 4 , 1977 .
tr	NNS	The Italian glass factories had returned to almost 75 % of their previous production capacity , and for cash , whatever you wanted was available .
tr	NNS	" There are creatures in these hills that are quite savage . "
tr	NNS	The cameras wake up in sixty seconds . "
tr	NNS	Two gunmen had them pinned from above , and another two were positioned in the dark recesses that stretched before them .
tr	NN	No doubt , the rogue leader was weighing his options : cooperate , run like hell , or go forward with his threat .
tr	NN	Well , that seemed a silly , old-fashioned contrivance , the author reasoned .
tr	NN	The downward slide threw her into blunt , jutting branches .
tr	NNS	Certainly the villagers would have a good laugh .
tr	NN	The creep had probably been right there , listening .
tr	NNS	When the ice dragon beat its wings , the cold winds blew and the snow swirled and scurried and the world seemed to shrink and shiver .
tr	NN	Tristan 's puzzlement deepened .
tr	NN	Her kidnapper , however , kept walking until he 'd stepped onto that dais and faced the court of dragons .
tr	NN	If they had an honest intention to guide us , why is their guidance not plain ?
tr	NNS	The seats we had were good , but not the best .
tr	NNS	Despite the still heavy rain , the villagers began to frantically search amongst the wreckage in the hope of finding someone alive .
tr	NNS	The lies of the night pressed down on her spirits as she realized she 'd made a bargain with the devil for cold hard cash .
tr	NN	The dune at the foot of the gangplank shifted .
tr	NNS	" Bathing suits are optional , of course . "
tr	NNS	Moses could not speak for a moment .
tr	NNS	As if on cue , the fairies took point , one at each door .
tr	NN	The page entitled " Charges " gets my attention .
tr	NNS	Reyes didn 't move , but remained on his knees .
tr	NNS	Two more servants , waiting inside , bowed at her presence .
tr	NNS	Soldiers didn 't make much money so some tried to supplement their income .
tr	NN	' That lack of a government has invited all sorts of incursions from the outside .
tr	NNS	With other people , things needed to be explained , sentences needed to be finished .
tr	NN	Hannah 's delivery would be routine .
tr	NNS	Dim streetlights slanted in through the windows , making zigzag shadows on the cluttered floor .
tr	NNS	Looks like you got another one . "
tr	NNS	And the designers weren 't all female .
tr	NN	18 Alone in my room , chewing a mouthful of mint gum after brushing my teeth three times , I wonder what I did so wrong .
tr	NN	According to the cops , Daniel 's positive ID of Kent McRae outside the condo wasn 't enough to place him inside .
tr	NNS	Aluminum letters spelling out the company 's name hung tastefully on the wall behind the desk .
tr	NNS	Bugs delivered lines with style and flare , and great comedic timing .
tr	NN	The madness consumed me body and soul .
tr	NN	Behind that laid a pair of goggles , mandatory equipment for investigating the occasional chemical spills .
tr	NN	" What did my idiot of a son do ? "
tr	NN	His torso jerked , it was almost imperceptible , but I caught it .
tr	NN	And if it hurt her this terribly , the lack of hope , how could he bear it ?
tr	NN	The vodka is doing a good job at numbing the pain .
tr	NN	The baron said nothing for second or two as he regarded the big man curiously .
tr	NN	But the Hunter 's canoe rode the crest of the wave lightly and easily , as though this was the moment it had been waiting for .
tr	NN	Dove was always Marie 's favorite soap .
tr	NN	The dew silvered the grassy patches around Martin .
tr	NNS	" My deepest apologies , Simone .
tr	NNS	The two police captains left the chief 's office and walked together in complete silence downstairs and straight out the station 's front door .
tr	NN	The 911 operator had the address up on her screen .
tr	NN	He wouldn , t have wanted it , no , never .
tr	NN	In fact , her very posture implied ... Goodness , no .
tr	NN	The range is nothing like regular cellphones , so while we were at the orchard , it probably didn 't reach any towers consistently .
tr	NNS	Things are coming together the way I wanted them to .
tr	NNS	More muffled footsteps , then a clicking sound came through the walls .
tr	NN	The gentle rap at the door was unmistakably that of Edie May .
tr	NNS	At least the teachers seemed to get their facts straight ; or should I say straighter ?
tr	NN	His personality was charming , funny , and so down-to-earth .
tr	NN	The nausea retreated rapidly and I could feel the life returning from my limbs .
tr	NNS	through enlarged photographs and professionally typed explanations of what they were seeing .
tr	NNS	The authorities don 't have a single breadcrumb to follow .
tr	NNS	Sirens turned to full volume .
tr	NNS	It jumped out at me in the gray mass the sentences had become .
tr	NN	There 's a snag in the Pattern here .
tr	NN	The flowing gown swayed slightly as the young lady walked , and drew everyone 's attention .
tr	NNS	Things had since changed .
tr	NNS	The pirates were having a party , as they could get more resources from outside of the island .
tr	NN	Walking over to the man at the bar , the bar maid asks him if he will talk with them .
tr	NNS	" Things on Renaissance are even more , uh , informal . "
tr	NNS	Soldiers rounded up all the Congressmen in cargo trucks and took us to the country in Virginia .
tr	NNS	She combed her shaking hands through her hair , the strands suddenly unbearably sensual caressing her neck .
tr	NN	My bicep screams at me .
tr	NN	A deep tremor worked through him , and his gaze fell to her swollen belly .
tr	NN	There 's a ton of guys here , so don 't be shy . "
tr	NNS	Things should return to normal with an economic upswing like this firm experienced this last year . "
tr	NNS	Alexis could see the mobs of people and reporters congregated outside the courthouse .
tr	NN	The bastard had been too busy screaming .
tr	NNS	Magical creatures can be deadly .
tr	NNS	Gradually turning on to his back , the signs became easier to read .
tr	NNS	My in-laws are over for a bit , but that 'll keep the babies occupied .
tr	NN	Another grimace worked its way across his mouth , because he knew exactly who he felt like .
tr	NN	That option hurt more .
tr	NN	The transition to immortal was not always seamless .
tr	NN	His only obligation , his only concern , was saving Savannah 's life .
tr	NN	No great creator of the universe wants you to be slaves ! "
tr	NNS	Torches were lit around the arena , and in the center of the ring of spectators , were two shifted wolves .
tr	NN	His master at arms whispered next to him .
tr	NN	The passion he could so easily stir within her would make the nights wonderful .
tr	NNS	The wolves behind her stirred uneasily .
tr	NN	The Black Gorilla Monster grabbed him , bit into his chest and ripped his body into half .
tr	NN	In addition , any excess ( over their bid ) tax collected would be pure profit .
tr	NNS	Lights flickered in the cell , on , off , back on again , as if a generator was being powered up .
tr	NN	As the waves of Mairi 's pleasures softened , Damen 's own release reached its peak and he came with a guttural growl .
tr	NN	" The next vote is Jayme 's .
tr	NN	" What does the doll make you feel ? "
tr	NN	The autopsy showed that Justice Rayburn had ingested one pill approximately five hours before he died . "
tr	NNS	There were signs of a struggle everywhere .
tr	NN	Then its armour collapsed in on itself , and it was gone .
tr	NN	His British accent soothed me for some reason , again totally at odds with his physical appearance .
tr	NN	He hastened to place the fountain in a travel bag , linen colorless birthday of her friend Carla .
tr	NNS	The flyers fell heavily out of the sky , like steel rain .
tr	NNS	My instincts are off .
tr	NN	" I 'll let ye get settled , " the captain said .
tr	NNS	Like Custer , the Alamo defenders were like rats caught in a trap .
tr	NNS	Thruster ports seemed to be located everywhere .
tr	NNS	The nurses were expecting him to bleed profusely as soon as my dad finished , but I knew better .
tr	NNS	The scales looked dark in dim light , but in brighter light his skin ran with rainbows .
tr	NNS	" So how are your classes ? "
tr	NN	hey started talking in the line up for the free meal , then sat down together .
tr	NN	A moment later , a tube of water flowed up from the sea and ran up the rocks of the island to coil around Connor 's feet .
tr	NNS	Small frogs dotted the trunks and branches , leaping from one tree to the next , following MaryAnn 's progress .
tr	NN	That ruling would be so different here . "
tr	NNS	The blond wolves seemed as embarrassed as the father , bright banners of color on their cheeks , but the one with dark hair simply appeared pissed .
tr	NN	The plant just stared at him .
tr	NNS	For now , six variations will have to suffice . "
tr	NNS	The heaps were bodies .
tr	NNS	Luke relaxes then stands up from the bed .
tr	NN	Along with the sunshine came a deafening roar .
tr	NN	Only Wes , Elijah and I and well now you , know about this . "
tr	NN	Not the psychotic mass murderer he was rumored to be .
tr	NNS	Everywhere , there were single mothers raising a child -- or more than one -- on minimum wage .
tr	NNS	Bugs chuckled , realizing Timmy and his English ilk didn 't celebrate the holiday .
tr	NN	There was a castle behind that wall , and we were about to step into it .
tr	NN	My grandma was at the stove making dinner .
tr	NN	Speak to you tonight X. I typed in the message I wanted to send , but thought against it since she would still be in class .
tr	NN	" My grandmother actually likes you .
tr	NNS	Cadmus dropped to one knee next to her , pulling her into his strong arms .
tr	NNS	There were a couple other differences .
tr	NNS	Had the pirates removed it and put it within another container ?
tr	NN	My grandma had had a thing for lighthouses and the bathroom was done in a clearly nautical motif .
tr	NNS	The ladies convinced Ambrose he 'd be making a mistake . "
tr	NN	Though he 'd won , his balance was nowhere near what it once had been .
tr	NN	A favor , though , is different . "
tr	NNS	The fans zoomed like thunder , breaking several demon souls in a straight line .
tr	NN	The oracle tutored me .
tr	NNS	The elevators finally opened on the top floor and we all poured out of the closed metal box .
tr	NN	A sliver of ocean was visible from this vantage point and the reflection of sunlight on nearby building windows made the sunny day even brighter .
tr	NN	Love stared down at her face .
tr	NN	Its polish glowed in the fiery sunset .
tr	NNS	" The travelers walked on to an empty hut that was nothing more than a shack , and an old woman that was feeding her goat .
tr	NN	My earlier conviction that I could convince him was dust in the wind .
tr	NNS	Waves crash onto the shore , sounding like a lion 's roar , even from the distance of our car .
tr	NN	A workbench lined one wall , the tools spread out with surgical precision .
tr	NNS	There were no classrooms or cool places to study .
tr	NN	Only a respected warrior could hold a squaw .
tr	NN	My pulse plunged to normal .
tr	NN	The stench of sweating Shifter didn 't seem as bad now .
tr	NN	The death toll was so high Jason wondered how the species could last a single day .
tr	NNS	The wolves smashed against the pavement , bounced grotesquely , then lay still in broken heaps .
tr	NNS	There are two objects in the case .
tr	NN	The van was a big yellow thing , some kind of bread truck , with a boxy , windowless back .
tr	NNS	Was she faking it ?
tr	NNS	Girls giggled over a magazine , not even glancing at their phones .
tr	NN	The van bounces along every speed bump on the highway , every uneven spot .
tr	NN	" Ewan 's bark is much worse than his bite .
tr	NN	A proper domination took time , something the visit from the Council told him he didn 't have .
tr	NNS	Images of Alien came to mind .
tr	NN	" Usually just hunt and capture pirates . "
tr	NN	Everything protective and male in him rose up and flooded him with an overwhelming need to ease her discomfort .
tr	NN	The attorney , deliberately standing to one side so that all could see her answer , asked what punishment was deserved .
tr	NNS	Romulus stared down the barrel .
tr	NNS	Rawlings shrugged and took a seat .
tr	NNS	As civilization developed , the legends around these gods developed and became more elaborate .
tr	NN	The Neapolitan language was incomprehensible .
tr	NNS	Fearful chills made her skin prickle .
tr	NN	" Getting back to your issue , " he said , " the actual physical apparatus is not much of a problem .
tr	NN	Not those hood rats they always picked up at the pool hall .
tr	NN	As I opened the door , the stench of animal waste and body decay filled the air .
tr	NNS	If we make enough noise , the wolves will stay at least fifteen feet away from the teepees . "
tr	NN	She looked up at him , her amber eyes shining .
tr	NNS	Words have always had the power to change the world .
tr	NNS	In the center of the room were empty racks that likely used to hold merchandise .
tr	NN	The pitch of her voice escalated upward about three levels from a moment before .
tr	NNS	Her classmates turned away .
tr	NN	Then I didn 't know what to do , his command was no talking .
tr	NN	Her explanation sounded convincing , and the knot in Kylie 's stomach relaxed .
tr	NN	The pilot will land in New Orleans for an errand , then he 'll take off for the island .
tr	NNS	The wolves just continued to growl at Bane and take cautionary steps forward .
tr	NN	" Part of me wants to argue with you because she wanted that letter to be private .
tr	NNS	Two servants moved the screen .
tr	NN	The tube rider leveled off and slowed , then cornered around a building that resembled the planet Saturn , complete with rings .
tr	NN	One session a day on the sophisticated machine should be quite sufficient .
tr	NN	Soft candlelight lit our room from the four , tall iron holders around the head of our bed .
tr	NN	His motto had always been to help no one because no one had ever helped him .
tr	NNS	Now the footprints are overlapping with my own , smaller , footprints .
tr	NN	A warm , sweet fragrance floated upon the air .
tr	NN	" My partner is calling it in now . "
tr	NNS	Lights were going on in the large boat , first outlining the roof , then illuminating the windows of the house on deck .
tr	NNS	" If Xavier is still alive , then my aunts could be , too .
tr	NN	Then take one of the more adventurous trails depending on the direction Collin 's tracking software indicated .
tr	NNS	The glowing crystalline jewels provided enough light the hunters could make out their immediate surroundings .
tr	NNS	My face burns and my hands clench , though my answering voice could cut glass .
tr	NN	A growl came from Trent , low and primitive , shaking me to my core .
tr	NNS	These creatures inside us are like that ... that demon ? '
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared and he clenched his jaw .
tr	NNS	" Others can go on for years and years .
tr	NNS	" Those vamps just can 't seem to stay away from you . "
tr	NNS	Up close the planes looked like an armada of plane crashes .
tr	NN	Whenever he smiled , a single dimple appeared .
tr	NN	As far as he knew , the old arms master was still giving out the slaps that were meant to sting pride rather than injure flesh .
tr	NN	Only crisis makes justification for changes .
tr	NN	Her aunt Crystal was one of my closest friends . "
tr	NNS	The healers were forcing the conversion to accommodate her disintegrating heart .
tr	NN	Something wet oozed onto his hand and he snatched it away , the flashlight still clutched in his fingers .
tr	NN	The yard that centers all the buildings looks like a triangular maze with randomly placed concrete paths that cross the lawn .
tr	NNS	The werewolves rush after him .
tr	NN	Of course her success did come with a cost as Viper dropped heavily to the ground , the chain landing on top of him .
tr	NNS	Her interviews were personal and sympathetic , and celebrities who hesitated to appear on other talk shows asked to be on Dana 's show .
tr	NN	The siding was white , the shutters black , and the front door red with a gold knocker on the front .
tr	NNS	The same servants who were mysteriously absent now should have performed the deed .
tr	NN	The coffee pot chose that instant to explode .
tr	NN	A low , familiar growl vibrated against my back .
tr	NNS	The videos that I posted on the blog had to be uploaded to YouTube first before I could link them .
tr	NN	' My darling - I hope he did not hurt you . '
tr	NNS	And in between our ages are nothing but fools .
tr	NNS	" The gates automatically close at night . "
tr	NNS	The teachers were all in the staff room , enjoying coffee and whatever .
tr	NN	They ' l probably stay in there until the lightning passes . "
tr	NN	A boom sounded in the distance , and the ground vibrated as one of the buildings collapsed in a plume of smoke and rubble .
tr	NN	His low chuckle rumbled along the breeze .
tr	NNS	' The fans in the south-west ventilation shaft , ' murmured Friedrich .
tr	NN	The gentry had much looser sexual mores than humans , public displays being very common .
tr	NNS	The floors were tile , and all the walls were marked by windows with views of the water or the city .
tr	NNS	Lots of lovely water there for you to swim in . "
tr	NN	Its tail looped the very last branch .
tr	NNS	Joe gazed into her eyes , and it seemed like in that moment they were two eagles , talons gripped together , falling from the sky .
tr	NN	" As we saw before , the writing on the stone slate is the same writing in the book .
tr	NNS	The characters , locals and names included in this work are purely fictional and have no known counterparts in the real world .
tr	NNS	Two horrid rows of jagged scars glistened on the bald scalp .
tr	NN	A tal blond gentleman was standing next to Damon .
tr	NN	The little convertible we were in was flying down the freeway .
tr	NN	Spencer grabbed my bags and laid them on the cart the porter had brought over .
tr	NNS	The winds began to gust stronger .
tr	NN	The GPS icon blinked on and off , on and off .
tr	NN	A fifteenth birthday present from Mum .
tr	NNS	Things could get too messy , too quick .
tr	NNS	The dragon 's eye changes view to aft and the screen shows Lance has grabbed onto Warrior 's tail with his teeth .
tr	NNS	Others believed that they deserved the same right to live in the same world as the humans because of a higher power .
tr	NN	Who 's the bitch over there ? "
tr	NN	The demon helper wrapped his arms around her waist and picked her up .
tr	NNS	Things are usually pretty bad if I lose him like this .
tr	NNS	The resealable containers are in the cabinet to the left of the dishwasher , and the disposable forks are in the bottom drawer . "
tr	NNS	" Your fans are going to love the photos .
tr	NNS	Their banana blades clicked together as they worked in tandem like lumberjacks .
tr	NNS	The Oak King 's lands and towns remained untouched . "
tr	NN	Love pressed a button and buzzed his window back up .
tr	NNS	Too many active jumps have nudged that memory aside .
tr	NN	A smiling Leah gave Clare a little wave and walked off with Declan , who gave me the male equivalent - the head nod .
tr	NNS	His thumbs encircled her ears as he smothered her mouth with his .
tr	NN	An invisible shield seemed to drop over him , covering him in aloofness as if it were a three-piece suit .
tr	NNS	Waves and particles , atoms and electrons , even space exuded and emitted all kinds of energy , not just actual or latent .
tr	NN	My hunger balks at the thought of dying and begs me to reconsider .
tr	NN	" Lightning strike somehow caught his clothes on fire .
tr	NN	The prophecy is complete ? '
tr	NNS	Soldiers were marching , swords were drawn , blood was everywhere .
tr	NN	A noxious , gaseous discharge revolted Jason as he tucked her tail in and slowly stretched himself , and the suit , over the rest of her .
tr	NN	A single sob escapes my lips and I bring my hand up to my mouth to prevent more from coming .
tr	NNS	Lots of references came up .
tr	NNS	Barnabas hushed his trainer , " Now , now Professor .
tr	NNS	Four cruisers with flashing lights line the parking lot and a dozen officers mill about , scratching notes down as witnesses recount the scene of events .
tr	NNS	And from there his graph seemed to fall in place , its peaks and troughs corresponding with major events in history for the last billion years .
tr	NN	Could our honeymoon be over ?
tr	NN	The sheriff looked dazed , and there was blood on the side of his head , but he held his gun very steady .
tr	NNS	The weddings her mom referred to were the three she had been invited to in the past two years .
tr	NN	Her uncle , however , was a different story altogether .
tr	NNS	I need to find the car before the security guard gets back to his desk and checks the parking lot cameras .
tr	NN	Hot pitch , burning rubbish , beer spilled on the stones .
tr	NN	In the beginning , hunger overrode every other desire , every other need .
tr	NN	Throughout 1988 , his condition steadily worsened .
tr	NNS	The writings next to his wrists glow .
tr	NNS	Stacks of old Chinese food cartons littered the coffee table .
tr	NNS	" Animals are as important to a planet 's ecosystem and our survival as plants . "
tr	NNS	Samuels paused long enough to sip his coffee .
tr	NNS	No worries , you hear me ? "
tr	NNS	The warriors might 've been searching for a safe place to leave them while they sack our towns . "
tr	NN	A compulsion to believe him , whatever he said .
tr	NNS	My eyelids jerk open , spots of light blinding my pupils and I can 't see .
tr	NN	And his fucking apartment .
tr	NNS	Your authorities should know their agents .
tr	NN	But then again , my other option was Roscoe .
tr	NN	Maybe my therapist was right and I should write him .
tr	NNS	The goggles were able to perceive this spectrum of light , turning the world into a grayscale shadow of its former brightness .
tr	NN	His libido crashed and burned .
tr	NN	The fish stopped thrashing about , its spine broken .
tr	NN	The archangel studied her .
tr	NNS	Hands flew up in the air and all of them were eager to give their ideas .
tr	NN	A mass of downed power lines covered the pavement .
tr	NNS	The hallways seemed long and tedious to travel through , forming a maze that could be harboring danger at every turn .
tr	NN	Did JJ put you up to this ? "
tr	NN	So , the burial artifact must stay in Syria .
tr	NN	A teardrop fel on her hand .
tr	NN	The last abode of Darian the Seer is the stuff of legend , a mirage that has been pursued by countless doomed expeditions .
tr	NNS	These types of conversions take time .
tr	NNS	The colors did not appear on this thought of his friends .
tr	NN	A cascade of golden hair fell tumbling from beneath the shirt and swept over the gentle curve between her shoulder blades .
tr	NNS	There are quarters for you here in this installation , if you 'd like . "
tr	NN	Small recited in general terms what Fitch had told him to say , got most of it right and it was close to the truth .
tr	NNS	" Chocolate chunk cookies , " she read .
tr	NN	Apparently , the experienced investigator needed privacy .
tr	NNS	" You 're the first person to ever see me , " whispers Isaiah as he releases the lighter .
tr	NN	The thought of her mother and grandmother traveling unescorted across the entire country , from Washington to Florida , sent chills down her spine .
tr	NN	My phone buzzed and Keith 's name flashed on the screen .
tr	NNS	White spots danced in front of her eyes .
tr	NNS	" Things were in a state of chaos when we left there .
tr	NNS	Even if an MP van would be conspicuous , other types of cargo vehicles would not .
tr	NNS	When another painting was put on the easel , the members became very excited again .
tr	NNS	The histories say they drowned the slave boy in the manor 's fountain .
tr	NN	If he said yes to Cissy , the factory would go elsewhere .
tr	NNS	The blades , those were now distinct in her mind .
tr	NN	" This one still remains , " answered the bandit leader .
tr	NNS	" Then where 'd the dents come from ? "
tr	NN	Just slit the window so no one 'll see us . "
tr	NNS	The tiles on the walls were glowing white and the floor was shining black marble .
tr	NN	" Shouldn 't be too hard , " Link said .
tr	NNS	Two quick shots and they both fell and I made my way down the aisle even faster hoping to get away from the sound .
tr	NN	The referee signaled and Cory ran onto the field .
tr	NN	Love said as he reached the front path where Stuart was standing , waiting .
tr	NN	" Merci , give him room , " the diminutive teacher commanded .
tr	NN	The spark of recognition had been so subtle and yet so profound .
tr	NN	Then a medic came into view and the policeman moved away , saying something along the lines of " This doesn 't look good . "
tr	NN	The teacher began to reply in protest when she cupped her mouth once more .
tr	NN	His explanation at the Urgent Care clinic on the edge of the Rubicon development was weak and noncommittal .
tr	NNS	My efforts paid off when , a few weeks later , Sam led two major celebrities in my direction .
tr	NNS	Alexis sat in the waiting room .
tr	NN	But an eternity of watching friends , the world , change around me while I stayed the same , was going to be lonely enough .
tr	NNS	As a matter of fact , your suggestions have given me second thoughts about your religion .
tr	NNS	Words of correction formed and then dissolved on Nicole 's tongue while the very friendly Samantha stuck the pass to her lapel .
tr	NN	" Idiot , " Hudson whispered in my ear and I laughed .
tr	NN	The concierge was on the line .
tr	NNS	Elias would be furious if he knew what they were doing .
tr	NN	The swimmer waded from the waves .
tr	NN	Hartman 's glowing eye strip blinks .
tr	NN	The light pink bruise on her cheek had faded and she smoothed a layer of foundation on her skin with her fingertips .
tr	NNS	More footsteps sounded in the corridor , breaking through my thoughts .
tr	NNS	Lately , most pirates did some bounty hunting , although not all bounty hunters were traditional pirates .
tr	NNS	We ladies want to know what it was like . "
tr	NNS	Soldiers directed the other line up and over the hill , where sounds of large machinery came from the other side .
tr	NN	The mausoleum disturbed him and he imagined the effect to be reduced if surrounded by more company .
tr	NN	In many ways , Blake 's personality was similar to Grant 's , big on talk and ideas , but little in actual substance .
tr	NN	The spark ignited within him .
tr	NN	There was a pulse .
tr	NN	The only viable method would have been quick and dirty inside the car , as soon as it stopped .
tr	NNS	Others eventually distanced themselves when Brian 's behavior began to impact Liza 's social status among their peer group .
tr	NN	A twig snapped and something raced through the forest , dodging trees .
tr	NN	And just as quickly as the tears had come upon her , passion flooded through her , her emotions already volatile , ready to ignite .
tr	NNS	The blue depths had lost their usual sparkle .
tr	NN	The commentary is likewise voluminous , but does not have the canonical authority of the canon .
tr	NN	Her clothing , her demeanor , even her opening the door immediately after the knock , indicated that she wasn 't a servant .
tr	NN	The radio operator frantically twisted dials and yelled into the receiver .
tr	NN	" Well , there is a small margin of error in the calculations , but not more than a week at this stage . "
tr	NN	There was no television , which after seeing the number of books was no surprise .
tr	NN	The policeman , who 'd been reclining on the floor with his back against the wall under the windows , said nothing .
tr	NNS	Affordable facilities to watch their children weren 't in abundance , let alone close by .
tr	NN	The elf glanced back across his army .
tr	NNS	When nobody comes to pay for the funeral services , the authorities will take the house in forfeit and have the body burned with other debtors . "
tr	NN	Is the liquid evaporating out of the star bal or something ?
tr	NNS	Waves lapped against the side of the boat .
tr	NNS	Words slipped into his mind and he spoke them , " Your Grace , I realized the importance of this relic to the Holy See .
tr	NN	Viewed from this angle , the bodice of her gown left little to be imagined .
tr	NN	Katherine 's pulse raced .
tr	NNS	Two wolves broke from the woods .
tr	NN	Seconds later , the truck 's gas tank blew .
tr	NN	" My notion of right and wrong is so messed up , Luce , that my wrong is everyone else 's right .
tr	NN	The TV moved to a location of Roly Burger that Jane couldn 't place .
tr	NN	" How 's your momma ? "
tr	NN	A chandelier hung in the foyer .
tr	NNS	There were five letters in all ; two on stationary and three email printouts .
tr	NN	A stiff fan of white lace stuck up above the stark black twists of hair .
tr	NNS	Bloody spots littered her dress .
tr	NNS	" The interesting cases are also the most dangerous ones . "
tr	NN	" My bike is right here . "
tr	NN	In his head a dull roar began .
tr	NN	Her pulse picked up speed .
tr	NN	The tentacle bulged more , and Norm 's legs and torso began to slip back out .
tr	NNS	The actors keep it going , and I move on to the next job .
tr	NNS	At that time , Genghis Khan 's followers or tribesman were looting and destroying other temples .
tr	NNS	See here , our most devoted followers are the less educated , the simpler folk .
tr	NN	The sage began rolling his hands about in the air , and the levitated shells adhered to his movements , hopping over each other or twisting beneath .
tr	NN	Part of me seethed with rage , but there were tears forming in my eyes .
tr	NNS	" The goblins will be back . "
tr	NN	His uncertainty made Tessa 's heart feel as if it were expanding inside her chest , its tenderness big enough to hold them both inside it .
tr	NN	She saw Dorian and Song racing toward the animal before the flames the dragon had created weakened .
tr	NN	Her little giggle made my stomach flip .
tr	NN	In an overdramatic swooping motion , our teacher gestures me toward the front of the room .
tr	NNS	Howling winds stir wraith like clouds across the moon .
tr	NNS	There were too few roads and not enough traffic to blend in for an extended pursuit .
tr	NN	The explorers claimed that they had been betrayed by a long-ago Federation Council .
tr	NNS	The wolves lounged around the fire in human form .
tr	NNS	The images in my mind are much worse than just oozing red blood .
tr	NN	She blinked , her heart-shaped face a picture of innocence .
tr	NN	Our goal is to restore this country to good health .
tr	NNS	As he says this , the shared images of us together flash through my mind again .
tr	NNS	The fullness of his package became rigid and hard in his jeans .
tr	NNS	Even our cousins , Silas and Levi , were happy .
tr	NN	The familiar smells of simple food and old carpet comforted her and calmed her pounding heart .
tr	NN	Eric 's cub had claimed that a Collar malfunction had taken Eric down , but Graham doubted that .
tr	NN	The success of it rested on my shoulders too .
tr	NNS	Classes would be starting soon .
tr	NNS	' But hobbits can rest before they try that .
tr	NN	Within a matter of seconds , a maid appeared in the doorway .
tr	NN	" A potential mate , you mean . "
tr	NN	A single , wide , plush burgundy rug lay in the center of the room .
tr	NN	The first base unit dipped its hand into the water and lifted it out quickly .
tr	NN	The engineer unit from Benton had what proved the most crucial mission : guarding the Kentucky Hydroelectric Dam at Grand Rivers and keeping it operational .
tr	NNS	" I don 't know how I could have forgotten that you two have met , " said the duchess with exaggerated surprise .
tr	NN	Each bra had matching panties that came in twos .
tr	NN	For the moment , the northern quarter was secure .
tr	NN	" One evening a mysterious illness of mind overcame him .
tr	NN	" That steak smells like heaven . "
tr	NNS	Little rockets shot out of the open bomb , exploding in the air .
tr	NNS	Some creatures went straight into their shops and locked the doors , and others stared and whispered to each other .
tr	NN	" Some woman daddy knows ? "
tr	NN	The mesh mask she wore clung to her face , digging into its form .
tr	NN	The duke was pacing up and down the room .
tr	NN	The newcomer looked coolly at Winston and Star .
tr	NNS	Things were turning a little too cloak and dagger for her liking .
tr	NN	The master circuit of the school stood watching .
tr	NNS	Sadness weighed on her heart to see their home life magnified through what just happened .
tr	NN	The pub was much emptier now , and as I stepped outside , so were the streets .
tr	NNS	He was almost weightless , his sobs barely audible in my ears as the bus tipped and began its final slide off the edge .
tr	NN	The coughing gets louder .
tr	NNS	The physical fights are bad enough .
tr	NNS	No matter how hard I tried , social situations were always awkward .
tr	NNS	Things weren 't that simple in the universe ; he wasn 't going to get off that easy .
tr	NN	A slice of air showed through .
tr	NNS	His other organs , I knew , were dying as well .
tr	NNS	Almost all clients claimed to fall in the second category .
tr	NNS	His UN colleagues ribbed him relentlessly .
tr	NN	" This contract serves to bind the undersigned ... " His mind raced back three months to his contract signing with the GWA .
tr	NN	" The reverend wasn 't exactly a millionaire .
tr	NN	' But still would 've kept his features hidden , ' Love said .
tr	NNS	From all directions , diaphanous creatures approached with such harmonious movements that they looked as if they were dancing .
tr	NN	" When that bastard had Skye , when you thought you 'd lose her ... how did you stay sane ? "
tr	NN	There was a minor crisis when Mikey fell of a swing and scraped his knew , but a Band-Aid and a little attention quickly cured his pain .
tr	NNS	The butterflies burst back to life and started fluttering up Georgie 's throat .
tr	NNS	Satisfied clients meant a steady rise within the firm to senior associate -- and soon , he hoped , junior partner .
tr	NNS	All the leads are up there . "
tr	NN	A weave of incredible power , but restrained , so subtlety was at work here .
tr	NNS	Things here are just wrong . "
tr	NN	The dawn earlier that day had risen , misty and mysterious .
tr	NN	His entire skeleton clenched .
tr	NN	After some time , a small panel in the centre of the gate slid open .
tr	NN	Unlike a Neville Shute paperback might . '
tr	NN	My full-body blush hadn 't faded in the least by the time he returned .
tr	NNS	The first small puffs of it , coming up like cotton balls farther down the river .
tr	NN	A zing of electricity darted through my center .
tr	NN	The exchange had gone as planned , right down to him not having quite enough money .
tr	NNS	The oceans of this world are freshwater , but near the shore a translucent silt rich with zooplankton buoys the body like salinity .
tr	NNS	Unnamed sources had plenty to say .
tr	NNS	Seven horn blasts in total sounded from the mainland .
tr	NNS	Her dyed red locks were unmistakable .
tr	NNS	Victor , Greta , and Brett were gathered around the bed , their expressions somber .
tr	NN	Only an idiot would keep that thing near the Hab .
tr	NNS	Looks like it I finally get to put them to use . "
tr	NNS	The grasses stirred as something raced low through them , cutting across the meadow like the fin of a shark through water .
tr	NNS	Reyes gasped out , wiping sweat from his brow .
tr	NN	" No wonder Madeleine 's blowing a gasket . "
tr	NN	A shiny wrapper tossed about at his feet in a sporadic breeze .
tr	NNS	Things will only get worse .
tr	NN	" Who did his unit report to at the GRU ? "
tr	NN	The tank is full .
tr	NN	The barkeep shook his head .
tr	NNS	Diggs glanced at me in apology .
tr	NN	If anything happens to the only child , there 's no backup .
tr	NN	" You can pick him up in the morning , " the sheriff said with a jovial smile .
tr	NNS	Things she could hardly wait to explore with him .
tr	NN	" That the defense of this city be satisfactory not a priority ?
tr	NNS	The letters on the page shifted and turned until she was able to read it .
tr	NN	My film partner is being difficult , and last night was awful .
tr	NNS	Images passed through his mind of prehistoric birds and searing lava , maybe the sounds of iron clanking .
tr	NN	There was no visible damage to any of the buildings .
tr	NN	The dawn of another day is not far off .
tr	NN	White marble sculpted its base and crown , with towering pillars encircling it .
tr	NNS	Things have been very hard for him lately .
tr	NN	The agent held delay put them all in danger .
tr	NNS	Those rites are what permit you to move on , so if you don 't deal with the remains , you can never deal with the memories .
tr	NN	His bitter chuckle made my blood run cold .
tr	NNS	The drink recipes she 's come up with are going to make this whole Tea company idea work , and work big .
tr	NNS	At the base of the tree the bird called home , were two halves of a previously perfect , white sphere .
tr	NN	The pavement is baking the rubber off of shoe soles and car tires .
tr	NNS	Where in the hell were the teachers ?
tr	NN	Silk and his father could ; neither of them ever mentioned it to her , though .
tr	NN	A blast shield came down over the dome , completely shutting out our view .
tr	NN	" A concept , " Cheryl reiterated as she glanced at Alex who shrugged .
tr	NN	Any funding is under my jurisdiction .
tr	NNS	The fights seem to happen almost every night now , over anything , over nothing , and they 're worse each time .
tr	NNS	There were only a few spots where light came in , more than enough to see his way .
tr	NNS	" When he broke his hand , his fans cried for him .
tr	NNS	Dark runes disfigured her cheeks and brow .
tr	NN	Carrie Granger 's arrest and sentencing had been a mistake , one the government honchos had found out about too late to fix .
tr	NNS	Her movements are like watching a graceful dancer .
tr	NN	Despite being a pulped mess , the redhead from Oklahoma sprang out of her bed .
tr	NN	" God works in mysterious ways , " my pa told me .
tr	NNS	The three detectives took the elevator first and Charlie rode up with the two uniforms .
tr	NNS	Three wolves were missing , all of whom resided in Canada .
tr	NNS	His thumbs were now gently stroking her jaw , she felt his touch vibrantly and she bit her lip to try not to react to it .
tr	NN	If these photos hit the media without Gabrielle 's having admitted the affair , the senator would simply claim the photos were a cruel forgery .
tr	NNS	Cheese and onion potato chips help you think .
tr	NN	His body language was so clear that Matt laughed out loud .
tr	NNS	So many variables , and yet , they were all wrong .
tr	NNS	His thumbs flicked the peaks back and forth while his mouth moved downward to kiss her belly .
tr	NN	The wing drove a hard cross over both Cory and Manny to the back post .
tr	NNS	Her instincts were right .
tr	NN	Somewhere in the oral history tapes there was reference to laying a concrete slab .
tr	NN	" You 're funny , Shifter , " the gang leader said , even as Dougal gave Graham a serious nod .
tr	NN	The senator cleared his throat .
tr	NN	A pulse ripped through the air , flying outward .
tr	NNS	From floor to ceiling , rows of dusty books filled with knowledge sat waiting to be rediscovered .
tr	NN	The dizziness had gone , or never come .
tr	NN	His chuckle was melancholy .
tr	NNS	Girls are more like cats .
tr	NNS	Chilling possibilities were slithering in his brain .
tr	NNS	Waves after waves bounced off the detected ships and were immediately recorded in all six of the fleet 's shipboard computers .
tr	NNS	Lights flashed from below .
tr	NNS	Things are never easy in life , so you need to learn the best way to fight your own battles now . '
tr	NN	Her eyes blink then she smiles .
tr	NN	The convent stood on the crest of the botanical gardens , overlooking the town of Daylesford , Victoria and was an impressive nineteenth - century gothic mansion .
tr	NN	All that mattered was that she was in his arms again .
tr	NN	The Dark Lord 's prison Two weeks later Cassie opened her eyes to discover she was shrouded in a thick mist .
tr	NN	" And what 's Sattler 's theory ? "
tr	NNS	No strings attached . "
tr	NNS	Around them , dinosaurs stirred and turned their heads , looking at the boys .
tr	NNS	Muscles tightened with nerves and need .
tr	NN	A particularly heavy mass of air lifted the gauzy curtains and we both watched as they fluttered slowly back down .
tr	NNS	The posters had been free because they knew me at the travel agency down at the mall .
tr	NN	There was a large bump already forming in the middle of his forehead .
tr	NN	" There 's pasta in the fridge that I made for dinner .
tr	NN	Whenever Michael took a few faltering steps forward , there was a faint rustling that ceased whenever he halted .
tr	NNS	The suits were one piece boiler type garments made of some shiny type material .
tr	NNS	Their tongues danced , mating so beautifully that she heated up as much behind her breastbone as she did everywhere else .
tr	NN	Jazz thought about Borden , his geeky leathers , his soft , sharply intelligent eyes .
tr	NN	Around the Queen 's neck was an identical silver pendant , a jewel set in the centre .
tr	NN	The roar and rattle intensified .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared a little as his thoughts raced .
tr	NN	" There was a witness ? "
tr	NNS	Their offers would include a sizeable sum settled on this estate .
tr	NNS	The workings of the mind look out through the face and alter it .
tr	NN	The metal tin moved to the beast 's mouth and tilted as it dropped its head back to allow the brown liquid to flow down its throat .
tr	NNS	Cadmus wrapped me in his arms and I buried my face against his chest , inhaling his delicious scent .
tr	NN	A large force has somehow come up behind us , " said the lieutenant breathlessly .
tr	NNS	" Things to do and all that .
tr	NNS	Even so , the relentless suns and Gorn 's unforgiving landscape would soon break even a super warrior like Arn .
tr	NNS	" No , the mages have scattered to the four corners of the world .
tr	NN	" My illness is tearing us apart .
tr	NN	The rustling grew louder and the trees exploded in red .
tr	NNS	My footprints burned holes into the ground .
tr	NN	It was his uncle 's who was in the army or something , " the leader said .
tr	NNS	Sadness gripped her as she started the car .
tr	NNS	My experiences at A. V. Designs so far , indicated they didn 't tolerate folks strolling around without authorization .
tr	NNS	" What are the codes to ? "
tr	NN	The pilot turned off the faucet , which had been releasing scolding hot water , for nearly twenty minutes .
tr	NNS	Words can 't even describe it .
tr	NN	My hunger starts taking notice .
tr	NN	The lack of sincerity was epic .
tr	NN	But was the rivalry between Queens or women ?
tr	NN	" All things come to an end , " the Elder to the left whispered hoarsely .
tr	NNS	His warriors all raised their weapons , roaring it back to their lord .
tr	NNS	The freaks are already rushing everywhere about me , helping me shed my garment .
tr	NNS	The flakes melt into my warm glove .
tr	NN	Perhaps prayer or great sacrifice might save his soul , but there is no guarantee . "
tr	NN	A loud whistle rings out and I jump out of bed , racing to Glitch .
tr	NN	The deputy parked his vehicle at the curb and after she 'd spoken with him , he stalked into the house with his weapon drawn .
tr	NNS	Apparently my actions had sprayed a little beer out of the newly acquired bottle .
tr	NN	The lightning flashed through the windows , and I heard the cold spray hit the pavement outside .
tr	NN	The ox collapsed to its knees , too tired to twitch away the flies .
tr	NNS	At the back of the dirigible the cells exploded one by one .
tr	NNS	There were high racks of camouflage gear in every conceivable shade of green and brown , in sizes down to infant sleepers .
tr	NN	" You real y think so ? "
tr	NN	When the wind blew it open , the sliver of light revealed a swinging cord in front of James ' face .
tr	NNS	Apparently my shyness didn 't translate too well through the glass partition .
tr	NN	There was an old legend ... what was it , now ?
tr	NNS	Survival instincts shifted into high gear , shutting down all thoughts except securing the area and protecting Paige .
tr	NNS	The wolves muttered again .
tr	NNS	Lots of actresses work when pregnant .
tr	NNS	Molecular grains of sand seeped in through the seam in the elevator door .
tr	NN	My right calf protested in agony and I shifted the weight back over to my left side .
tr	NNS	Questions abounded until everyone felt confident in Matt 's prognosis .
tr	NN	For a moment the firelight gleamed red , so that his eyes glowed like a wolf 's in the night .
tr	NNS	The bursts lasted only heartbeats , but it was enough to do the job .
tr	NN	I asked , my vocal cords straining , my Lycan form making it tough to be clear .
tr	NNS	Others I would hold a fashion magazine in my lap and we 'd decide if the upcoming trends were hits or misses .
tr	NNS	I had successfully saved the group from death , there were no more zombies in the street in front of me .
tr	NNS	Two passengers are all I can fit . "
tr	NNS	My instincts tell me to trust him .
tr	NN	The kitten had already sprung free .
tr	NN	An investigator at the scene said that Gene was still strapped in his seat .
tr	NN	The hatch slammed shut again .
tr	NNS	As she focuses on me , her pupils shrink a little .
tr	NNS	How about the horrible texts and things like that ? "
tr	NNS	The signs bore the same tired vitriol that had been hurled at the Breed for two decades now : Go Back Where You Came From !
tr	NN	Her pulse hammered in her ears .
tr	NNS	Several paces behind her , a much older woman trailed in a plain brown dress with a white apron that marked her as the lady 's maid .
tr	NNS	The latest surgery drugs used ultraviolet light as a catalyst to remove the medication immediately from the system , instead of leaving the patient groggy and confused .
tr	NN	It ' l quiet your mind .
tr	NNS	" Any objections if I take the front bedroom ?
tr	NNS	" Things aren 't sometimes as straight and as narrow as your mother would like to have them . "
tr	NN	Zack summoned his power , felt it flow through him , making everything seem sharper , brighter , as he changed into his wolf form .
tr	NN	Perhaps ' t was something she ate . "
tr	NNS	Guns held no terror for him .
tr	NN	His growls grew dark as he gave her what she 'd been disintegrating for , in the exact force and pace .
tr	NN	Unfortunately , the warehouse 's condition was similar to that of the other nearby buildings .
tr	NN	Shooting one of those ponies hadn 't taken extra time and was a bonus distraction .
tr	NN	There was a tarp , but I didn 't want to wrap her body in that .
tr	NN	Jenny 's little brother Joey had a fake snake made out of it .
tr	NN	" My injection , " she whispered .
tr	NNS	For some , the movements and small talk were stiff ; demeanor to be expected from people suddenly thrown into a room with perfect strangers .
tr	NN	His iron shod boots allowed no purchase and he fell back into the water .
tr	NNS	Delores , Eric , Jorge and I watched in silence .
tr	NN	Each player gets three throws per round .
tr	NN	Right below the nape of her neck is a small silhouette of trees in black ink .
tr	NNS	A few more coins to the bartender sent a few bottles of rum their way , despite their existing drunkenness .
tr	NN	His video showed the wall panels collapsing .
tr	NNS	Lots and lots of it , " Rafe said knowingly .
tr	NNS	Regardless , the skyscrapers here did exactly as their name suggested .
tr	NN	A rustle told him they were no longer alone .
tr	NN	" What 's your sequence ? "
tr	NNS	The tailor gnomes clapped like happy seals , and the nurse nodded approvingly .
tr	NNS	Marius looked back at Haven and winked right before another shudder ran through the chopper .
tr	NNS	Two eggs okay ? "
tr	NNS	Hands sweating under the pillow .
tr	NNS	Apparently , there were limits to how low Trent was willing to go to lose Paige .
tr	NNS	Even as she spoke , bits of their conversation played through her mind .
tr	NN	From there , the clothing was optional ... and mostly optional .
tr	NN	Like anyone , his first instinct was to retreat from such a private moment , but instead he followed his training and moved closer .
tr	NN	Evan 's description of Mitchell 's childhood explained exactly why he 'd evaded Kate 's questions that first night .
tr	NN	" Happy birthday , Jared , " I whispered against his skin .
tr	NN	Love and Muddy Puddles Cecily Anne Paterson Published by Cecily Anne Paterson All rights reserved .
tr	NN	The fellow was a chief .
tr	NN	The captain of the galleon joined him , and together they strode up the dock .
tr	NN	So what was the next option ?
tr	NNS	However there are many strings of events and occurrences that do matter and they all intertwine and weave together to form the fabric of history .
tr	NN	Like he was nothing more than a lifeless wax model .
tr	NNS	" The protocols shut down all computer networks , wifi signals , and cell signals .
tr	NNS	The sea caps rise and fall spewing frothy foam like a rabid animal .
tr	NN	Kramer 's cruel timbre echoed across the dimly-lit bay .
tr	NN	There was no pulse , no sign of life .
tr	NNS	Their hopes sank , but he picked up on the buttons .
tr	NN	Given the crime scene and the empty safe that was so carefully hidden , robbery seems the likelier motive .
tr	NNS	He could smell their scents , the aromas heightened due to their sexual arousal .
tr	NNS	Tris smiles a little and faces the target .
tr	NNS	If you do , there are consequences . "
tr	NNS	" Others like you . "
tr	NNS	" After six months the headaches start and you bore each other to tears . "
tr	NN	The Gypsy clan leader had already gathered his men .
tr	NN	The snare was tightening around him .
tr	NN	The captain bellowed to his men .
tr	NN	" The mountain at the Hub of the world , sir ?
tr	NN	With his preternatural reflexes , Chance snatched it before it touched .
tr	NNS	Our ancestors started with nothing - forced onto coffin ships from Scotland .
tr	NNS	Rising suns and pass code boxes appeared immediately .
tr	NN	The name ' JP ' didn 't work because parts of the new territories were outside this geographical area .
tr	NNS	Though I would never admit it to them , the twins had a point about taking risks .
tr	NNS	Those footsteps were growing closer .
tr	NNS	Any attempts to enter and retrieve it were unsuccessful . "
tr	NNS	The floors were all alike .
tr	NN	The ranch is a small , self-contained , self-governing pueblo .
tr	NNS	There were slim figures at the bottom , foreshortened because they were seen from above .
tr	NN	Braden 's laptop was open , surrounded by papers and clippings .
tr	NN	Part of me wishes that you were here with me so I could do this in person , but we both know that 's impossible .
tr	NN	Though the wolf 's behavior , ' t wasn 't normal . "
tr	NNS	The texts , were they , like , harassing ? "
tr	NN	His thrusts grew more urgent and fierce ; his hold on my breasts became tighter .
tr	NN	Sizzling adrenaline flooded me and I slipped backwards silently , silently and always in control .
tr	NN	If we could just get out of here ... The glint of a new blade caught the corner of my eye .
tr	NNS	Apparently those hits didn 't count .
tr	NN	" Maybe your stint in the library inspired you to pen your memoirs . "
tr	NNS	Waves lifted and froze into waist-high walls .
tr	NN	There was the bare twig on which a moment before it had stood .
tr	NN	A stack of photo albums crashed to the floor .
tr	NNS	Thin chains forged by an immortal blacksmith encased her wrists and ankles .
tr	NN	A bundle of burning scrub tumbled into the channel .
tr	NNS	As we got closer to Morgan , the gems sensed their creator and wanted to go to him , because they were destined to .
tr	NNS	The chili had come from a Crock-Pot , which was still simmering away .
tr	NNS	How had so many warriors managed to encircle them ?
tr	NNS	" What are her symptoms ? "
tr	NNS	Our kisses became a hug , our bodies pressed together , my breath hitching in my throat .
tr	NN	The nightgown reached just to the top of her thighs .
tr	NN	The paint was peeling off in places and looked to have been built around the same time as their jeep .
tr	NN	A name badge hung from around his neck .
tr	NNS	Things tended not to change .
tr	NNS	Our dinner reservations include silverware and fine china , but I can 't send you back to class hungry , so eat . "
tr	NNS	Her movements subsided as she lapsed into helpless abandon , moaning , giving herself fully over to him .
tr	NNS	No personal items were unaccounted for .
tr	NNS	The Officials are encroaching ever nearer .
tr	NNS	My biggest fears were that I 'd told her my secret .
tr	NN	The Death of Rats shook its skull . '
tr	NN	There was a wide landing halfway up where the dogleg reversed direction .
tr	NNS	Informative posters clinging to the walls displayed what exactly people were paying fifty cents to look at .
tr	NNS	In return , Errol 's classmates also shared their stories down below the rainbow and the clouds .
tr	NNS	But the countess stood and looked blissfully smiling into the mirror .
tr	NNS	When they get back to Colorado earlier than planned , Timothy 's classmates are talking , texting , and posting messages online about the incident .
tr	NNS	Others crowded around vid screens .
tr	NNS	Six puzzled expressions shot back at him .
tr	NNS	The authorities have proven that they can 't handle him .
tr	NNS	There were two colorful butterflies seeming to play follow the leader as they lazily flapped through the air .
tr	NN	A little bump on the head is nothing . "
tr	NN	While the boxers were resting , the audience cheered wildly , liking the excitement that those boxers brought to the fight .
tr	NNS	Pity their efforts are for nothing . "
tr	NN	The damaged transport , bearing Unified Worlds crest and registration numbers , had opened fire .
tr	NN	Your engagement to my cousin has absolutely nothing to do with me . '
tr	NNS	" Do werewolves do that ? "
tr	NN	How had the murderer known so quickly that the body had been found ?
tr	NN	An unearthly shriek right out of a B horror movie rocked the underground tunnel .
tr	NNS	Then footsteps , hard and heavy , running down .
tr	NN	That bundle had likely been Jane .
tr	NN	" In my experience theory and reality are distant cousins .
tr	NN	The map made our destination seem so close , although it was probably a week 's walk away , in my mind I was nearly there already .
tr	NN	The ominous , swirling mass churned faster and faster .
tr	NNS	Even if we survived the plane crashing , the chances of not drowning were slim .
tr	NN	Once we had left the village , his manner had become more suspicious .
tr	NNS	There were cabinets on both sides of the hall , making it into an elongated storage area .
tr	NN	A perfect martini materializes before me .
tr	NN	That pain medicine in the bottle won 't help .
tr	NNS	Starbucks towers over everyone in the marketplace .
tr	NN	The supervisor in charge was a small man , small framed .
tr	NNS	Both these expressions have , as it were , inadvertently escaped from Christian poetry .
tr	NNS	His kisses left me breathless , dizzy and craving more .
tr	NN	Ronan 's posture was wound tight .
tr	NN	My escorts weren 't naive , inexperienced little things .
tr	NN	A calculating gleam darkened Artemis 's eyes .
tr	NN	The lieutenant leading the group was a tall blond .
tr	NN	The plumbing must have been a nightmare .
tr	NN	The dwarf already was a small figure in the distance .
tr	NN	" Yeah , and I was a little busy panicking over the plane hurtling toward the ground , " Jazz said .
tr	NNS	No servants tried to follow him .
tr	NNS	All the werewolves were now in human form .
tr	NN	There was a chorus of assent from people around the room and Theo shot me regretful glance .
tr	NN	There was a gentle click followed by a spark off the tail of the cart .
tr	NNS	The strands had changed , as he expected .
tr	NN	The steam from his coffee curled up around his withered face and he was smiling .
tr	NN	This year , that student is Nan .
tr	NN	The mate looked up from the cooler and said , " We 've got our limit on everything .
tr	NNS	Eventually , the meetings ended , and he was left to write his report .
tr	NNS	My teachers , my friends , none of them can know what happened to me .
tr	NNS	Looks like you 're ready to huff and puff and blow my house down . "
tr	NNS	Cassius started running , sprinting in the direction of his little sister 's room .
tr	NN	Here comes the nausea I have missed so much .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of Aimee were constantly with me , hovering in the back of my mind .
tr	NNS	When the wagons stopped in front of the palace doors thirteen tiny dancers twirled out on their toes before the crowd .
tr	NNS	The explanations sounded overly glib to him , but Star seemed to be impressed .
tr	NNS	Withholding resources is how they keep cities in line .
tr	NNS	" Ouija boards are always ambiguous .
tr	NNS	The wetness would make the ash stick to his clothing , and his suit would be absolutely ruined .
tr	NNS	" Yeah , the ladies have us in never , never land .
tr	NNS	His cheekbones were sharp , and his eyes were green , the exact same shade as Lake 's .
tr	NNS	The flyers around town say you killed a couple of men , but nothing like this . "
tr	NNS	The other members of the council filtered out of the throne room until only James , my mother and I remained .
tr	NN	Love is a rarity in our wor ... home .
tr	NNS	Looks like I caught you in time . '
tr	NNS	The mattress was still warm from his body .
tr	NN	Part of me ached to be in his arms , but another part warned me not to lose sight of my family and home .
tr	NNS	Images suddenly flashed through my mind .
tr	NN	A werewolf stepped from behind a tree .
tr	NN	Dougal 's muzzle was down , almost on the ground , his ears back , tail tucked underneath him .
tr	NNS	Others lounged by the stream and dipped their claws into the current .
tr	NN	My core was throbbing at the memory of Logan 's hands gliding over my skin ; the bite of the sunburn and the cool of the cream .
tr	NN	Maybe ' t is the way of things in the world , but it doesn 't have to be that way for us . "
tr	NNS	Things went downhill for me , fast !
tr	NN	' Heinrich , ' Love said .
tr	NNS	No piercings or tattoos or any other marks .
tr	NN	The bullet not only missed this artery but also his heart by a couple mere inches .
tr	NN	The colonel motioned to one of his lieutenants to tie off a white flag .
tr	NNS	Several wolves that jumped up to attack us and were turned into fiery ash as they touched the light emanating from the pentagram .
tr	NN	" And the guardian is waiting for you .
tr	NN	The archway disappeared under vines as they wound around one another and climbed up the walls .
tr	NNS	Several shots boomed and my chin jerked up .
tr	NN	Why would an attacking archer put the lights out ?
tr	NN	A low growl ripped from between my teeth .
tr	NN	Her direct wording left Dennis feeling unsure of how to proceed , as did the conciseness of her question .
tr	NN	The warrior slammed into the wall .
tr	NNS	Reyes shackled his wrists , Lucien his ankles .
tr	NN	About an hour later the van ground to a halt , and then moved forward cautiously , and the driver was speaking to somebody .
tr	NN	There was no explanation .
tr	NNS	The colors bled and changed , going olive green , then a dreadful grayish cemetery tone with steely streaks .
tr	NN	Their rescuer says something else , and she adds , " He says there are many dangers .
tr	NN	" My sanity demands it !
tr	NNS	Flowers have a spiritual nutrition that you just can 't measure . "
tr	NN	The design was true , but there is no way to draw power from a place where none grows .
tr	NNS	What other scraps of information were going to be tossed at him ?
tr	NN	Maddy gave me one of those disgusted , disapproving looks that only a mother can give .
tr	NNS	His attempts to protect me were irritating .
tr	NNS	Hands so shaky they could barely hold onto my clutch .
tr	NN	Something immense and heavy thundered against the door .
tr	NNS	Cadmus drew back the bow string gracefully , just as Ares and Apollo had before him .
tr	NNS	" The fights don 't start for hours , warrior . "
tr	NNS	Her only jewels glinted at the cuffs of her dress and in a brooch pinned to its collar .
tr	NNS	The boards began to give , and Anna found herself helping with the hooked end of the hammer .
tr	NNS	His stifled sobs finally faded into an occasional hitched breath , and eventually he fell asleep .
tr	NN	" Where is your master ? "
tr	NNS	Romulus shook his head .
tr	NN	The hood was up , and two cables trailed out of the engine and onto the ground .
tr	NNS	Flames erupted on the ground floor of the house .
tr	NNS	There were thousands upon thousands of us on this planet and I would guess that the majority of them have never experienced what we have . "
tr	NNS	Looks like you 're the screw-up tonight .
tr	NNS	Her hunger pangs awoke her from sleep in the early afternoon .
tr	NN	A black van immediately pulled up and she quickly jumped in the side door .
tr	NN	And , of course , there is always the option of dancing the sisal two-step . '
tr	NNS	Her eyelids fluttered open , revealing a pair of velvet brown eyes .
tr	NN	The bandit leader grinned at Saul showing a mouth full of black and yellow teeth .
tr	NN	The medical examiner had arrived .
tr	NNS	Moses did not regard these deaths in the same way that he did Dinah 's , because these people were more than likely guilty .
tr	NNS	" As big as those shoes clowns wear . "
tr	NN	The gryphon didn 't move .
tr	NN	The glowy aura around her starts to shift and change and , I don 't know the right word , undulate ?
tr	NN	I 'm telling you the option is always here , okay ?
tr	NNS	Alistair 's demands were greater and far more comprehensive .
tr	NN	Our other option was to call my parents , but I wanted to avoid that if at all possible .
tr	NN	All manner of things might come up over the course of the next week or two that would make the job more difficult .
tr	NN	The receptionist looked at me with a little smirk playing on her lips .
tr	NN	Again a chuckle came from Kiara .
tr	NNS	Upstairs the scene was just as Ella had described it .
tr	NN	An unspoken command given .
tr	NNS	The banks and large companies were the first to burn .
tr	NNS	My Blues CDs carpeted the tile floor .
tr	NNS	Flames burned beneath his touch , stoked the devotion I 'd eternally hold for him .
tr	NN	" And my father-in-law went into town ; he won 't be home until very late . "
tr	NN	The deputy was unmoved .
tr	NN	" Sir , my offense took place years ago .
tr	NNS	Kris with a K. " Well , it turns out slaughtering and destroying is what scratches that little itch in just the right way . "
tr	NNS	By high school , most teachers knew better than to call on me , that I 'd often be frozen by fear or fumbling in ignorance .
tr	NNS	There were three deaths I can 't prove but suspect were murder and one attempted murder I can prove . "
tr	NN	" Our medicine is powerless .
tr	NN	Love opened the door stepped inside and stopped .
tr	NNS	Lights from the police and fire vehicles flashed ahead and clouds of black smoke billowed into the sky .
tr	NN	" Because of your ability to charm Eli when they couldn 't .
tr	NNS	Even the dancers who wore just pasties were nothing next to her .
tr	NN	Part of me wondered how I 'd ever wound up here , in this time , in this place .
tr	NNS	The metal shackles were cutting into my flesh .
tr	NNS	Her regrets of helping him withered at once as he talked about his chat with Christine .
tr	NNS	There was a reason mages heated their homes with wood .
tr	NNS	Reyes desired that girl more than he desired a hammer to the skull .
tr	NNS	There were thousands to feed , but even then , Thomas didn 't see how they were going to even scratch the surface of all the food .
tr	NNS	' Any guesses audience ... ' The judge kept the nerves of everyone raising high .
tr	NNS	" With all due respect , sir , his insurance claims are coming in at an accelerated rate .
tr	NNS	The cousins found themselves flying in a starship right above Nina .
tr	NNS	Walking calmed Jenny a little .
tr	NN	A harsh , reverberating clang filled the ship .
tr	NNS	There were oceans of pearls and beads sewn into the silky sheath , so many that the dress appeared to be made of crushed diamonds and clouds .
tr	NNS	There are four distinct types of our kind .
tr	NNS	The welcome addresses were even longer in person than they seemed in print .
tr	NN	The foliage burst open .
tr	NN	Love and marriage were not on the table .
tr	NNS	There were no witnesses to the explosion and no explanations as to why it occurred two miles offshore in an area not known for diving .
tr	NN	Although she wore jeans and cowboy boots , her bearing made her outfit seem far more formal than it was .
tr	NN	The tip of her blade wavered above my cheek .
tr	NN	Murderous intent mingled with magic and I was completely focused on the looming battle ; but something familiar about the leader forced me to second guess myself .
tr	NN	The canoe became the passage and the paddle was love beyond knowledge .
tr	NN	A shard of glass has jammed into my heart .
tr	NN	" And your uncle was an arms inspector at the time , checking up on Libya 's promise to give up their weapons of mass destruction .
tr	NNS	The immortals killed you off . "
tr	NNS	Our testing centers are not working at all .
tr	NNS	And the surgical techniques would become more standardized in the future .
tr	NN	Because the blood had to work endlessly on all the soft human tissue .
tr	NN	The following day Lara visited three more banks .
tr	NNS	And the villagers would keep watch with us .
tr	NNS	The warriors shouted , again and again , this was by far , the greatest battle they had witnessed in many cycles .
tr	NN	My little warrior princess . "
tr	NNS	Whatever did this , the effects wore off on me and could wear off on them as well .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids fluttered down .
tr	NNS	A media is never an end unto itself ; it is just a means .
tr	NNS	Happy clients like my work .
tr	NNS	Both his siblings lived in Chicago and even though they didn 't live very far away , he still missed them .
tr	NN	After receiving the stitches , the cub is surprisingly playful and energetic .
tr	NNS	There were many beautifully crafted petals that encompassed the entire bowl .
tr	NNS	On Renaissance there were very few second chances , and he 'd already used up his quota for a year .
tr	NNS	Looks like a major panic on . "
tr	NN	A loud boom vibrated the truck , and a bal of smoke and fire rol ed into the sky .
tr	NNS	But as Sara knew too well , appearances were often deceiving .
tr	NN	No , not a request , a demand , making me wonder if this was her usual MO or something Gabe had concocted to see me again .
tr	NNS	As such , readers with an eye to historical accuracy will doubtless find many details within these pages that do not meet their expectations .
tr	NNS	However , in werewolf form the instincts are harder to deny . "
tr	NNS	Her attentions were unschooled , innocent , and all the more effective because of it .
tr	NN	Why should his indifference make the slightest impact on her ?
tr	NN	What if a ghoul came along , I would never know ?
tr	NN	But the Christmas festival was the real news , and the banquet later at " the castle . "
tr	NNS	Framed prints of fruits and vegetables hung on the wal s at intervals .
tr	NNS	Other members of Society slap their fins on the surface of the water .
tr	NNS	Other hobbies of Amber 's include : drawing , baking , arts and crafts , motorcycles , hockey and archery .
tr	NNS	" Things could be worse . "
tr	NN	The rampage seemed to have no end , even in its brief last minutes .
tr	NN	A hose ran down past her face to the engine , where the fuel dripped onto a hot plate and vaporized .
tr	NN	The leader , recognizing the crisis said , " It 's help time , everyone . "
tr	NNS	shouts Adam as I bat him away from the front .
tr	NN	Lab partner is trying to steal you from me . "
tr	NN	Maybe the plane crash was the best thing that could have happened .
tr	NN	Storm 's frown dips further .
tr	NN	Part of him wanted to reply in kind , but he knew that would be playing into Buzz ' hand .
tr	NNS	But the stakes were so much higher now , the odds so much more uncertain .
tr	NN	The warrior in her refused to accept this defeat .
tr	NNS	Fall classes had begun and I was annoyed that my Psych professor sent out a last minute email with new text requirements .
tr	NN	Our awkward positioning kept my breasts pretty close to his face , and he was taking advantage of it with his hands and mouth .
tr	NN	The bastard inside had activated the charge , set to a timer .
tr	NN	A sob escapes and I muffle it with my hand .
tr	NN	" They prepare to run , " growled the captain .
tr	NN	It was my own dresser that looked back at me , my own tangled pale blue sheets wrapped around my legs .
tr	NNS	Things he 'd brushed away long ago and forced himself not to think about .
tr	NNS	Many leaders had fallen .
tr	NN	First , the government uses its financing to create corporations .
tr	NNS	At one point , our blades became locked together , each man struggling to overpower the other .
tr	NNS	My fears quickly melted away , turning instead to fascination .
tr	NN	Another tremor shakes Oliver , and he crinkles his nose as if he has smelled something unpleasant .
tr	NNS	Detention centers would be a better suited name , than health retreats .
tr	NN	Reality moved back in to this vortex we 'd stepped in then , and everything crappy my life had become in the last week surfaced again .
tr	NN	' I see him , ' Love said , and pointed .
tr	NN	The young priest raised his cup of coffee to make a toast .
tr	NN	Part of her didn 't regret what had transpired between them Saturday night .
tr	NN	Growing up , his royal status didn 't save him from anymore heartbreaks than the average man .
tr	NN	" The perpetrator keeps howling up and down the tunnels .
tr	NN	The captain of this vessel has a few issues of his own , so he 's in agreement .
tr	NNS	Families fight , Lil , but then they make up .
tr	NNS	Things started out great for us .
tr	NN	Shame and relief crash simultaneously over me , rendering me speechless as Emerson turns to take me in .
tr	NN	Their escorts knew the exact time they had to pass the checkpoints on the trails .
tr	NN	A twig snapped off to her right and she held her breath .
tr	NN	The archer removed three arrows from his quiver , and on his first try , split the apple in two .
tr	NN	The natural inclination was to run , get past an open area , but movement always drew the eye .
tr	NN	The vicar stood at the top of the steps beaming down at them as they climbed out and ascended the steps .
tr	NNS	Her classmates since elementary school remained seated .
tr	NN	But again , appeal was a lame word when describing his impact .
tr	NN	A chorus of cheers and murmured greetings rose from the others .
tr	NNS	Words escape me as a hundred different scenarios quickly flash before my eyes .
tr	NN	The spider he was on was this reddish brown colour , with the Ryder sitting behind all its eyes and teeth at the front . '
tr	NN	" The arrangement is for wheat by the bushel .
tr	NNS	" But the reserve funds from your sister 's retainer are running low . "
tr	NN	" The scar on my arm is from slicing it on a rock when the boat crashed and I was thrown into the water .
tr	NNS	Titanium spikes rode the knuckles of their fingerless leather gloves , making each blow a savage shredding of flesh and muscle .
tr	NN	From the corridor came the heavy thud of boots on the metal floor .
tr	NNS	" Enlightened minds like yourself ? "
tr	NN	" My Grandma told me about you a few times , but I didn 't realize she was talking about you . "
tr	NN	The clink of glassware and the ripples of conversation became a white noise that hummed in the background .
tr	NNS	There were paintings on all the gallery walls , and on a couple of floor standing screens as well .
tr	NN	A second later , a soft click sounded .
tr	NNS	" How can characters in a dream tell how real they are ?
tr	NNS	But her actions were so inconsistent with that .
tr	NNS	The other two guardians were kneeling silently in the presence of the King and Queen ; completely disturbed .
tr	NNS	But as she got older these ghosts became more visible , more enduring .
tr	NNS	The paintings were still there .
tr	NN	A spark jumped on Shane 's Collar .
tr	NN	Maybe his prophecy doesn 't hold true any longer . "
tr	NNS	The remaining warriors held their tongues .
tr	NNS	Out in the rear courtyard other members of staff showed customers to larger vehicles .
tr	NN	Totally fake , " Hanna countered .
tr	NNS	Eventually , their species grew to believe that they were the true residents of our home .
tr	NNS	Others say it takes away a person 's free will .
tr	NNS	Only the teachers talked to her and even they seemed to do it out of necessity .
tr	NNS	There are canvas cots in the den , but no one feels like venturing out of Julie 's room .
tr	NNS	Others stayed behind , and when the Sioux sent ten chiefs to try a second time to negotiate for peace , the Hurons killed them too . "
tr	NNS	Grey overalls nodded his head at his crew .
tr	NN	My uncle thought it was foolish , but when they uncovered something shiny or valuable , he was the first person on hand . "
tr	NNS	Lots of people would be as cowardly as me if they were brave enough . "
tr	NNS	Most corporate big shots had gotten where they were by working overtime , downtime , double time and time and a half .
tr	NN	Just like that , the sheriff stopped talking and stared at Moody .
tr	NN	Their bark glistened eerily under the glow of my flashlight .
tr	NN	Only the gentle rustling of the wind tapping tree branches against the windows answered .
tr	NN	Love looked over the top of Stuart 's car .
tr	NN	The envoy had already decided that he could not wait for the outcome of the power struggle .
tr	NNS	The wolves were all around , pulled from their wanderings by the sound of the wreck and the smell of the living .
tr	NN	There was chili and sour cream all over the carpet .
tr	NNS	The clinical symptoms of such infections were invariably neurological in nature , usually affecting the brain .
tr	NN	The inability to recall simple information was beginning to scare her .
tr	NN	But instead the reverse happened .
tr	NN	The older commander stood still .
tr	NNS	The bulbs dangle from a cord strung along the old streetlights .
tr	NNS	Words weren 't really my thing since I was shamelessly checking her out .
tr	NN	When they first walked into the room , the map of the kingdom on the far wall drew their eyes .
tr	NNS	Waves of guilt washed through me and I had no idea who I felt it for ... Denny or Kellan ?
tr	NNS	More footprints pounded the sand , advancing toward him .
tr	NNS	On the trees hung strips of red cloth and moccasins .
tr	NNS	The ghosts that were haunting her in ways the spirits never would ?
tr	NNS	One by one , motors started and the boats began pulling away from the dock .
tr	NN	" My twin sister . "
tr	NNS	Your cousins are away in England at present , and I am in need of some company .
tr	NN	" Ho , peasant , " the priest challenged in a friendly but authoritative tone .
tr	NN	The misery of the past couple of days gathered into a twist of knots in his gut .
tr	NNS	" So , what classes do you have ? "
tr	NNS	Yer fellow companions are with yer god now . "
tr	NN	" Young people never do , Constance , " Adam 's grandmother said , chuckling .
tr	NNS	" Don 't freak out - " " I guess you do know me , " I snapped , nostrils flaring .
tr	NN	The mayor stood frozen , staring at me for several seconds .
tr	NNS	" When the ghosts start getting closer . "
tr	NNS	Hard wood floors were in most areas of our home .
tr	NNS	The villains lay dead , scattered about and crushed by falling debris .
tr	NNS	Our stakes stopped them dead in their tracks . '
tr	NNS	There were so many designs .
tr	NN	" Trust me , dealing with attorneys and lawsuits isn 't how I thought I 'd be spending my retirement . "
tr	NNS	The constant texts he sent and the phone calls made her feel loved and cared for .
tr	NN	' The recording isn 't great , but the songs are .
tr	NNS	Though there was no sign of rain , the dampness in the air no longer had the day 's warmth to counter it .
tr	NNS	" But your efforts paid off . "
tr	NNS	His footsteps were steady .
tr	NN	Actually , freezing didn 't even come close to describing the walls of ice encasing his body .
tr	NNS	Things looked bad for the bats .
tr	NN	If we 're not alive , there 's no benefit to me keeping my gift anyway ! "
tr	NN	Their writing was of a much more complex nature and Jason was unable to comprehend its meaning .
tr	NNS	" These cliffs by the ocean were remote , but fall en angels built their cities underground as a precaution .
tr	NN	The sneeze was violent enough to dislodge a long mane of dark brown hair that had been gathered and tucked down the back of his suit .
tr	NN	There was a clank of silverware .
tr	NN	The growl was still hissing through his lips , but he knew that he was beaten .
tr	NNS	The mattress appeared to have been filled with a mixture of straw and feathers , providing a surface that was remarkably lumpy and poked at the skin .
tr	NN	This method ensured they were unable to smell the alcohol on his breath , and he was less likely to slur his words at shouting volume .
tr	NNS	His priorities were on his own family now .
tr	NN	Perhaps the war gods wil shine on us tonight . "
tr	NN	The witness would testify in exchange for commutation of the remainder of his sentence .
tr	NN	The Observer Program tells us that their world is poison to our bodies , and how we could never survive life on the other side .
tr	NNS	At one point most scholars believed that it was the arrival of the Aryan people in India about 1500 BCE that spawned the religion .
tr	NN	There 's no sharing of each other .
tr	NN	In the saddle of an out-of-control animal , a rider either had the right impulses or suffered from their lack by hitting the ground .
tr	NN	The blacksmith climbed into the little metal seat in the middle of the machinery and took up the reins .
tr	NNS	Runes flashed through his mind .
tr	NNS	Five kneels in front of it , wiping muck off the familiar wooden surface .
tr	NNS	" My apologies if I caused offense , " the prime minister said .
tr	NNS	Reyes was as hard as a rock , every nerve ending alive .
tr	NNS	" Our data networks are in a worse state .
tr	NNS	Looks like he still doesn 't have to shave .
tr	NN	Morning gave way to noon time and everyone lined up for lunch .
tr	NNS	Small white spots splattered throughout the larger pair of wings .
tr	NN	In the corner of the room , his ' success ' howled louder than ever before .
tr	NN	The thin white cable that had twisted around Buddy 's leg like a silk rope was sinking into his flesh .
tr	NN	The pretense of civility disappeared .
tr	NNS	Brave warriors would bring them back to the Villages for all to see .
tr	NN	And that sick bastard seemed to have become fixated on her .
tr	NN	But he didn , t bother to change now .
tr	NNS	Within seconds , and to the accompaniment of gales of laughter , the captives stood naked and exposed to view .
tr	NNS	Moses especially liked the train ride .
tr	NN	During the cold war , the government established several remote facilities in the area to test weapons systems and carry out various research projects .
tr	NNS	The servants had outdone themselves this year .
tr	NN	But fame brought its own disasters ; Exhibit One was Bill Pomeroy 's topple from the heights of local theater celebrity .
tr	NN	I hit the platform from two stories up , an awkward landing that made my teeth rattle like pebbles in a landslide .
tr	NN	The fastest option at that point had been to hire a hack and Stokes had left promptly to do so .
tr	NN	The young Warden went on .
tr	NNS	" Okay , my instincts tell me you 're dangerous and powerful .
tr	NN	His command paralyzed her body , trapped her helplessly on the floor .
tr	NN	The old duke had been handsome , but a monster , with nasty , cold eyes that made you know you were a toad beneath his heel .
tr	NNS	Even dusted a few of the artifact cases in the stacks .
tr	NNS	Two heavily armed Enforcement Agents climbed out of the vehicle and caught her in the blinding beam of a flashlight .
tr	NNS	The countess has me very well set up . "
tr	NN	The willow was shaking and he could hear the humming .
tr	NN	The goal was to reach my chambers and hopefully hide out there until everything had blown over .
tr	NNS	" Our supplies , " Jeff said .
tr	NN	But the gratitude they both felt was only partly due to the other .
tr	NNS	The signs only reminded him that his dream of reaching the Deep probably wouldn 't happen after all .
tr	NNS	The media has similar fate ; either struggling for survival or indulging in insurance of abundance .
tr	NNS	Soldiers ran past , yelling to each other over the noise .
tr	NN	The old privilege remains : they are people from birth , even as mewling , mindless , screaming bags of want .
tr	NNS	The twins won 't even remember this Christmas , but they have an enormous pile of presents underneath the tree . "
tr	NNS	There are many roads on this planet .
tr	NNS	' Things would be so different .
tr	NN	Karen sidestepped across the room , standing between Zed and Barbara , protective instinct guiding her .
tr	NNS	Dangerous Beans stepped back .
tr	NNS	Greg 's keening sobs turned the chill morning air to ice .
tr	NNS	Laser blasts struck all around Mac as he dove behind the desk .
tr	NNS	Even then ... chances are slim . "
tr	NN	And your accent isn 't real convincing anyway . "
tr	NNS	The blades were dull and did not penetrate .
tr	NN	" For one hundred and twenty years , our venom has been useless . "
tr	NNS	There are no other feasible solutions .
tr	NNS	Words weren 't necessary at that point .
tr	NN	She held it up between her index fingers and thumb , her pinky stuck up like Vanna White presenting a prize .
tr	NNS	It took her a moment to realize he was showing her a Mark a few inches above his heart .
tr	NNS	His extremities were long past numb and his joints felt as if they were frozen in place .
tr	NN	The blank slate must have receptors that match the environment .
tr	NNS	The following screens explained how Islam really is the heritage of Spanish-speaking peoples and they should return to it with all their hearts .
tr	NNS	His movements brought a breeze of clashing scents : excitement , fear , and ... roses ?
tr	NNS	The peaks and troughs smoothed out .
tr	NN	The stolen chandelier grows dim as a desert wind pushes through the open doors of the room .
tr	NNS	No spies have reported any unusual activity among the known members of Valentine 's old Circle .
tr	NN	His bike looked new .
tr	NNS	Meat juices flooded my mouth and I couldn 't help the rumble of pleasure that rolled up my throat .
tr	NN	" All right , " the assistant captain grinned , clapping Todd on the back .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids fluttered and she looked up at him , bewildered .
tr	NNS	Things hadn 't gotten much better since .
tr	NN	Part of me put that down to my very long dry spell since the last time that a man kissed me .
tr	NN	His valet stepped inside the doors .
tr	NNS	Eventually , the surrounding figures knowing there was a meeting needing to happen here , drinks were quickly deposited and activities moved elsewhere .
tr	NNS	" How are your university classes going ? "
tr	NNS	After that there were no dwarves left alive inside , and he took all their wealth for himself .
tr	NN	There was also the flashback of Theresa and the day he got the scar across his eye .
tr	NNS	Poetry fans seated nearby turned and glared and shushed .
tr	NNS	Werewolves were terrible gossips , especially about their own .
tr	NN	The roar of twin jet engines fading away with Doppler affect .
tr	NN	There was an oval-shaped door ajar .
tr	NNS	" Bugs , " she told him .
tr	NN	His partner grunted his disbelief .
tr	NNS	Several large metal filing cabinets lined one wall .
tr	NNS	" True , Chloë , your abilities are different , and it will take more than accepting who and what you are .
tr	NNS	Mab 's eyelids fluttered like she might faint .
tr	NN	Obviously culled by the beautiful Lady Gilbert , the maid gave a reluctant shrug .
tr	NN	When is your sentence over ? "
tr	NN	For someone who is thinking about marriage , well ... " " It isn 't a good sign , " her grandmother said flatly .
tr	NN	A murmuring broke out as everyone turned to the monitors in front of them .
tr	NNS	The uniforms looked familiar -- the boy that had welcomed them earlier had been wearing one .
tr	NN	The vampire hunter named Rand .
tr	NNS	Images of Will would flash across my mind , and I could feel myself blushing .
tr	NN	Her cl * t was swollen .
tr	NNS	Parts of me extend and contract for no reason .
tr	NNS	Maris had killed a man once and nearly died for it , and that act had eaten away at him every single day since it happened .
tr	NNS	Cale 's eyelids flickered .
tr	NNS	My supporters allowed me to take control of the coup , but they wouldn 't let me kill him .
tr	NNS	The stiffness eased out of my limbs as I imagined them to be soft and malleable like clay , instead of unyielding like marble .
tr	NNS	The strands bounced right back into place .
tr	NN	That unease only deepened when the butler gave a regretful shake of his head .
tr	NN	' The beacon , ' Kaspar breathed , a look of realization dawning on his face .
tr	NN	" Who is a better kisser ? "
tr	NNS	My movements ceased and Stefan bucked against me , urging me to continue .
tr	NNS	Their jaws punctured flesh , injecting lethal poison .
tr	NN	Love listened and made comments .
tr	NNS	" Things were really starting to get interesting . "
tr	NN	The declaration of war against me personally I can also understand .
tr	NN	" So , your assessment of him has ... changed ? "
tr	NN	The tractor slowly approached and Hill called out , " That 's it ! "
tr	NNS	Reyes slept like the dead and had not awakened once .
tr	NNS	Things are changing and we don 't have a moment to lose . "
tr	NN	There was a sudden clattering somewhere deep inside the house .
tr	NN	' The Master paid me a call .
tr	NNS	Along the aisles ushers moved to their predetermined places .
tr	NN	No wonder Indie seemed so strong and self-sufficient .
tr	NNS	The creatures used an unknown transportation and so traveled at an unknown speed .
tr	NN	The lovely blond inclined her head and left the room , leaving me with three adorable women with a flair for the colorful .
tr	NN	His only condition for moving mid-season was that he got to start .
tr	NNS	The squeals of delight that soon sounded from inside the room quickly identified who that was .
tr	NNS	Traditional Santa hats adorned their heads .
tr	NNS	His shots all hit the stranger 's bare chest .
tr	NNS	Both suggestions were nixed but only after rigorous debate .
tr	NNS	Did hallucinations have a scent ?
tr	NN	There was the barest sliver of moon overhead , but with my enhanced eyesight , I could see clearly .
tr	NNS	Bottles of expensive spirits glowed briefly in the torchlight .
tr	NN	His compromise was to remain standing , right in front of me , as a second line of defense .
tr	NNS	Things didn 't look good .
tr	NN	And the paralysis that had deepened with each incredible word out of Aris 's mouth shattered .
tr	NN	The lab tech shook his head , bewildered .
tr	NNS	His defensive hackles rose .
tr	NN	His charm was poisonous .
tr	NNS	If you 're already nervous then chances are you 're curiosity about the situation is at the brink .
tr	NN	She shrugged it over her head and looked down at the wrinkles , a road map pressed into the cotton by the weight of their bodies .
tr	NNS	The healers had never forgotten their ties to the Lycans and the city of Tidus .
tr	NN	" Whatever you have on tap is fine . "
tr	NNS	Hannah 's sobs tore into Riley 's heart like the edge of a dull , rusty knife .
tr	NNS	Doors slam shut and anxious motors rumble to life .
tr	NN	When Jonas had finally gone out to tell him that he had a grandson , Emerson 's roar of approval had shaken the building .
tr	NN	The damage may have been hundreds of years old , but more than likely it was caused by a tremor at the time of the Cataclysm .
tr	NN	When , suddenly an electric discharge hit her suit .
tr	NN	The garage was full of a wide array of exercise equipment , and weapons .
tr	NNS	His movements grew rougher as he said , " Not yet , Ellie .
tr	NNS	Few cases had only a mother from the very beginning .
tr	NNS	Nobody trusts werewolves , and they 're all doing business with one .
tr	NN	Your cousin Hadley was the vampire .
tr	NNS	Others fought back with a little hot dog stand on the corner .
tr	NNS	Fifteen more werewolves followed us .
tr	NN	TV , the very idea seemed almost decadent .
tr	NNS	" Plans , " I said .
tr	NNS	One of her frequencies cramped and seized , the one Quinlan had accessed earlier .
tr	NNS	How in the world were those three siblings ?
tr	NN	Your email is safe and will never be shared , and you can unsubscribe at any time .
tr	NN	The ape departed , quiet as a mouse .
tr	NN	No British accent , she thought .
tr	NNS	The werewolves moved back for her , but Duncan saw them inhale deeply and frown at her .
tr	NNS	Fairy tales promised us white knights on gleaming horses who would ride in , slay the monsters , and sweep us away to our happily ever after .
tr	NNS	Things were going quite well , for once .
tr	NNS	Of course , certain items had to be made for inter-species people , especially since Lea had a tail instead of legs .
tr	NNS	Their seats would indeed be the envy of everyone present , but they 'd earned them with blood , sweat and loyalty .
tr	NN	The dwarf was lying on the pavement .
tr	NN	Any idiot can slap paint on a canvas . "
tr	NNS	Smoke and flames still poured from the ruined window , but no one chased me .
tr	NNS	Where are the passengers ? "
tr	NN	" Your contract is not with me .
tr	NNS	" Continue , " the duchess ordered hoarsely .
tr	NN	All at once , a high-pitched giggle swirled down the corridor .
tr	NN	" You 're with the Council , " the second rogue hissed .
tr	NN	A grimace crossed the bodyguard 's face .
tr	NNS	Sentinels were the best - and I 'd been one of the best .
tr	NN	A beastly roar rises up in me , and I force myself to swallow it down .
tr	NN	The Guild had amassed quite a few unconventional weapons over the years .
tr	NNS	" Things came up ... " He snorted irritably and I looked back .
tr	NN	At that moment , lightning struck just off the port wing , and she jerked with fright .
tr	NNS	There were footsteps in the corridor , very soft .
tr	NN	Its xenon headlight beams lit up his face in bizarre relief .
tr	NN	What was she trading ?
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared as if he smelled a challenge and promptly rolled up his sleeves .
tr	NN	The stupid fucker wasn 't her responsibility or her fault .
tr	NNS	Things were fast and tumultuous at first .
tr	NN	A deep , sad appreciation for everything Jazz didn 't say about that ordeal .
tr	NNS	Cassius got a strange sinking feeling in the pit of his stomach .
tr	NNS	On the edge of each were black letters , separated by black lines .
tr	NN	The invisible noose around her neck tightened by a fraction of an inch , and it took Esther a moment before she could speak .
tr	NN	The receptionist was doing her best to study a list on a scroll .
tr	NN	There 's a Bug escort waiting for us at the bottom of the ramp .
tr	NNS	Others were more dog like , standing on all fours , digging up the earth with long stone claws .
tr	NNS	The gates opened , and Jon pulled the car around the long circular drive , parking behind what had to be his brother 's brand new Bentley .
tr	NN	The scout leader took an angry step forward .
tr	NN	Finally a shuddering sob erupted from a deep place in his chest .
tr	NN	The skinny hooker was scrambling , trying to get off of the floor .
tr	NN	A vacation wasn 't a time when he stopped , merely adjusted his schedule slightly .
tr	NN	There 's no one left that would be shipping goods into such chaos , " the admiral said .
tr	NNS	Yes , the signs were all there .
tr	NNS	And your pals left you behind to take their fall ?
tr	NN	" Ok , Steph , see you soon . "
tr	NNS	Lights flickered in the ceiling and from the open doorways on either side of the hall .
tr	NN	There was no hesitation in my voice .
tr	NN	Because that was what a good partner did .
tr	NNS	She lay still in the cooling air of the room , uncovered and watching the slow movement of the fan blades near the ceiling .
tr	NN	Aunt Syl 's only vice was clothing .
tr	NNS	But preliminary tests show no signs of Infernal blood .
tr	NN	The short medic left the cell then returned a moment later with a wheel chair .
tr	NNS	Erebus pulled open the gate .
tr	NNS	See , at this point , for our dear Baritone , the Earth 's oceans were bereft of their usual vastness .
tr	NNS	Girls made things worse .
tr	NN	The passion in him left her trembling .
tr	NN	Her red wig was askew so that her fake hair covered one eye .
tr	NNS	His trousers are all black , baggy , and he has some kind of orange colored emblem on his shoulder that I don 't recognize .
tr	NN	In his memory , the stroke from the governor 's walking stick still burned across his face .
tr	NNS	Images flash through my mind .
tr	NN	A sob hitched in her chest and she sniffled against me .
tr	NN	the homicide investigator inquired .
tr	NNS	Henrietta 's expressions soured , she took several steps back from Marcia , just as her cheeks paled .
tr	NN	" There 's never been a time limit set on trading parties or visitors , " the colonel said .
tr	NN	His mother 's prescribed medicine was always a constant threat .
tr	NNS	No matter how many times she had snuck a peak at the fights in the Pit , the vast winnings always took her breath away .
tr	NN	In an instant ; loud , tumultuous applause and cheers erupted from the crowd .
tr	NNS	Mounted torches burned with smoky brightness .
tr	NNS	Looks like you 're not the only woman the President recruited . "
tr	NNS	The critters , he thought , watch the critters .
tr	NNS	Those gates were open and completely unguarded .
tr	NNS	Things went smoothly after that .
tr	NN	The radio operator pulled off his earphones .
tr	NNS	My heart rips open again with every acknowledgment of her existence .
tr	NN	Even the reflection off her nose stud dimmed .
tr	NN	Love hoped it wouldn 't stay .
tr	NN	That orgasm 's mine , and I 'm trusting you to hold it for me . "
tr	NN	And a rocking chair .
tr	NNS	Thoughts , distant , fled with her absence .
tr	NNS	The ceilings are extraordinarily tall in here , the walls paneled with cherry and framed with stone .
tr	NN	But not nearly as impressed as they were with the motor home Jase and Luis were traveling in .
tr	NN	The mob began to shake off its astonishment .
tr	NNS	All evil villains beware ... a new hero is in town !
tr	NNS	As soon as they started the engine , Hector 's other crew members turned and saw them .
tr	NNS	Believe me , those skills are rare .
tr	NNS	Few members of the court of Versailles visited the chapel unless His Majesty was in attendance .
tr	NN	The duvet lifted at the same time as he heard Amy 's voice say , " You can 't hide under that duvet , Jake .
tr	NN	Kale 's struggles were subsiding into random flinches and spasms .
tr	NN	Its moist leathery belly was turning the dry filth on the window into a gooey mess .
tr	NNS	Not just the leaders , but everyone . "
tr	NN	The photograph shook as I handed it back to Bill .
tr	NNS	Dramatic red velvet drapes framed the big bay window that offered a full view into Ali 's old bedroom .
tr	NNS	The letters he sent to Edward and Eadie betrayed his remorse as well as his sorrow .
tr	NN	Kate 's pasta had sauce on it but bore only traces of truffles .
tr	NNS	The flags on some of the shops in the town had given her the idea .
tr	NN	The premonition was of Savannah , Faye , and Parker all dying .
tr	NN	Her grandmother had called it the Sight , but to Cassie it was more like a voice - an inner voice , a voice at her core .
tr	NNS	These leaks have made us all leery .
tr	NN	The soil here is rich , and when it embraces you , its healing properties rejuvenate you .
tr	NN	Apparently the unit commander must have sent a man or two to do the same on foot .
tr	NNS	The long , drugging kisses made her feel as if the bed was spinning out of control beneath her and her body was no longer her own .
tr	NNS	Rain drops began to fall , hot and heavy , landing on the exposed parts of the ground with a splash .
tr	NNS	Her belongings would likely still be within .
tr	NNS	His ancestors ' paintings would surely be glaring at me now .
tr	NN	But the kitten seemed to like the name .
tr	NNS	Looks like hell , but then when you work it , it pops out .
tr	NNS	Flames appeared , crawling up from his hands to his upper arms .
tr	NNS	Quick , heavy footsteps stride down the hall accompanied by the jingle of spurs .
tr	NNS	" Shit , shit , shit , her punches are really heavy .
tr	NNS	The roads were quiet and as they approached Chippenham .
tr	NN	The whistle goes off across the field , and the team gets into formation .
tr	NNS	" Many wolves wouldn 't be as honorable towards a lost beautiful human such as yourself . "
tr	NN	Strict military style discipline was rare , but was a part of every citizen 's life and training .
tr	NN	After the rain the previous night , the vineyard sparkled in the sunlight .
tr	NN	" I wish I knew what you two 're jabbering about , " the blacksmith sighed at them .
tr	NN	The Amaranth tribe has been protecting this jewel for a millennium .
tr	NN	His ease and earthy understanding of his father 's sexual nature made her smile .
tr	NNS	In front of us , there are two seas : one far-off ocean of deep blue and one seething mass of horses and men .
tr	NNS	At first images arose .
tr	NN	His escort of advisors began to follow him until he turned around and addressed them .
tr	NNS	Maris shrugged out of her coat and into the Kevlar vest .
tr	NN	There was a rustle in the underbrush and the little girl appeared .
tr	NN	That bullet never even touched you .
tr	NN	There was a soft click as the door opened , but no sound of footsteps .
tr	NN	No , Dad 's Swiss Army flashlight works .
tr	NN	In went the coin .
tr	NNS	The water sprites looked at each other as they considered this .
tr	NNS	The servants will hear you . "
tr	NN	Every inch of her body that came in contact with his felt hot .
tr	NNS	The strains of guitar music flowing out from the restaurant are nearly indecipherable over the heavy heartbeat in my ears .
tr	NNS	Names , characters , businesses , places , events and incidents are either the products of the author 's imagination or used in a fictitious manner .
tr	NN	My uncle became my guardian . "
tr	NNS	Names and characters are the product of the author 's imagination and any resemblance to actual persons , living or dead , is entirely coincidental .
tr	NNS	The silvery wisps that hung from the stone had turned an inky black - in fact the entire world was starting to darken every second .
tr	NNS	The ripples from her gentle touch on the world had transformed every person 's life to one degree or another .
tr	NN	Among the hailstorm of fear and confusion , a fine , barely-there sliver of ... of happiness filled me like a wisp of smoke .
tr	NN	Another bullet burned through the air , this time slicing past my ear and drawing blood .
tr	NNS	The only items inside it were the small table he set her down on , a single chair , and a very horny master vampire .
tr	NN	The master can do whatever she likes . '
tr	NN	The transport is very bad and it takes a long time and much effort to get the coffee to the local factory .
tr	NNS	Kelly 's abilities naturally progressed and her innate tendency to place others before herself made her ideal for waitressing .
tr	NN	A narrow , gloomy stairwell opened up beneath me .
tr	NN	That creep might hurt another girl .
tr	NN	" Yes , " the colonel barked .
tr	NNS	Jessamine 's eyelids fluttered .
tr	NNS	She never once summoned the blue fire while she worked , yet to Brice , her paintings seemed birthed of magic none-the-less .
tr	NN	A low zombie growl , no , it was much worse .
tr	NN	The camp leader glanced at the call log .
tr	NN	Another muted mumble from Roddy , fading quickly with the rapid shuffle of footsteps along the outside walkway , gave him a sharp prompt .
tr	NN	The agents interact on the board to attain a goal , just the way the chess pieces move to win a game .
tr	NN	A small curl of tawny chest hair escaped the confines of his tank top , matching the light dusting on his powerful forearms and thighs .
tr	NN	Maybe a condom full of feelers is all Ellis needs to keep him satisfied .
tr	NNS	Others had purely personal meanings .
tr	NNS	His motives were murky .
tr	NNS	Maybe his companions wore different kinds of shoes , ones with soles that didn 't pick up enough dust to stick to the polish .
tr	NNS	Two graying pillows huddled against the metal headboard .
tr	NNS	Images of him unmoving on his bed of pastries sneaked into my conscience .
tr	NNS	Romulus lifted his head from between his paws and watched him warily .
tr	NNS	My attempts to slam the door are futile .
tr	NNS	When Forte walked in , couples and trios of people had spread out among the tables in the candle-lit lounge area .
tr	NN	The skeleton waved as it passed by Cheryl .
tr	NN	Her flowing gown making her look like she was sitting in a cloud of glowing silver threads .
tr	NN	A faux waterfall cascaded down the left side of the building .
tr	NN	One condition will change .
tr	NN	But how could a mere slave complain ?
tr	NN	The license plate tracking software installed in the cameras had also been very effective , and the police had apprehended several wanted criminals .
tr	NNS	The gates opened and Jack started down the dirt road .
tr	NN	" Our race was the first to harness white magic for promoting peace and friendship .
tr	NN	There was no bike though , no amount of searching or wishing would make it appear .
tr	NN	During the third waking period after the station , a spectral radiance began to grow again .
tr	NN	There 's a trading harbour not far from here .
tr	NN	The glint in his eyes told her he 'd phrased the question that way on purpose .
tr	NN	The yard looked more summery now , but it was still ugly .
tr	NN	In the tree his partner finally bent the elm 's branches close enough to the roof to leap off .
tr	NN	There is a wonderful museum not on the beaten path , so to speak , which is filled with Greek artifacts .
tr	NNS	Kids who wanted nothing to do with me growing up were suddenly my best friends , doing interviews with every tabloid on the supermarket rack .
tr	NNS	Gramps says she 's been practicing late or something .
tr	NN	" Welcome to the sunny south , " the pilot continued .
tr	NN	After a few minutes the shots sounded again , this time Jayden caught a glimpse of the perpetrator .
tr	NNS	The ripples of the bear 's submersion subsided .
tr	NN	I smirked , landing on a list of songs by the latest teen pop star craze .
tr	NNS	Black spots danced before my eyes , and I took in a deep , raspy breath , and shrieked her ears off .
tr	NNS	" Things around here are about to change dramatically - for the better .
tr	NNS	The accusations are foolish .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids fluttered open .
tr	NNS	" The media must have been horrible . "
tr	NN	The captain says again , " Brace for landing . "
tr	NN	The spark lasted only a short while , but it was heady when he got there .
tr	NN	The old pilot , Jake , nodded and indicated at the control panel .
tr	NNS	Dark Shadowhunters in red gear began to pour into the room .
tr	NNS	Their media is easy to manipulate ; it seems they will do anything for a story .
tr	NN	From there , the referee counted all the way to ten and ended the match in Tania 's favor .
tr	NN	The German ambassador rose from his chair and walked over to a large wall screen where images of the enemy facility were displayed .
tr	NN	A secretary stopped dead in her tracks and stared .
tr	NNS	His fears weren 't irrational ; he wasn 't just a grown man still scared of the dark .
tr	NNS	During the flight , the changes in her expressive face had entranced him .
tr	NNS	The edges of the holes bore the marks of teeth .
tr	NN	The pit of her stomach dropped as it lifted and she could taste the dust of the warehouse on her tongue .
tr	NNS	Myles had been speaking out of frustration more than anything else , but he didn 't apologize .
tr	NNS	Things hadn 't improved with Fade .
tr	NN	The golden rope wrapped around the target multiple times .
tr	NNS	The fullness of your Ancestral power will be like nothing you 've ever known . "
tr	NN	A sob caught in Terri 's throat .
tr	NN	Part of me knew what I was feeling was ridiculous , but it still seemed like the world had stopped spinning .
tr	NNS	Most werewolves were a good deal larger than he .
tr	NN	Then the chase was on .
tr	NN	" The surgery was long , but the doctors said it was successful . "
tr	NNS	There were six wood huts clustered near the water , but they were run-down and looked empty .
tr	NNS	Bottles looked at the clock .
tr	NNS	The creaks moved to the staircase and I could count the steps as they descended .
tr	NNS	In the distance , sirens blared .
tr	NN	Furthermore , his accent seemed to change as everyone continued to talk .
tr	NNS	The handlers walk through the entryway , stomping purposely toward the steps , toward me .
tr	NNS	For miles along the beach in both directions , the hotels and condos sat quietly and waited for the day .
tr	NNS	Flames seemed to be shooting out of his forehead .
tr	NNS	All persons in the store turned to Lina in search of answers .
tr	NN	Hank , momentarily frozen in place , lunged for Julie , encircling her within a grateful embrace , Julie returning his adoration with a sly grin .
tr	NNS	His predictions ultimately proved to be accurate .
tr	NN	The new parking garage extension anchored the north end of the downtown strip .
tr	NNS	No doubt , our actions were going to change our future in a good or bad way .
tr	NNS	So many creatures , even ... jaguar .
tr	NNS	Cars are honking behind Ashton 's car .
tr	NN	The spark in his eyes said she needn 't limit her practice to the language .
tr	NN	Poetic justice , wouldn 't you say ? "
tr	NNS	Others like to think of it as justice .
tr	NN	Ronan 's chat with her had informed her that she didn 't even need to be close to him for him to survive .
tr	NN	The ninth terminal is yet to be established and it shall be what produces the needed void . "
tr	NN	His father-in-law gave him a job at the family owned fast food restaurant in a busy mall in Vancouver so he is making a living .
tr	NN	The fleet was stretched too thin , hunting those very suited men , there was no defense . "
tr	NN	There was a click followed by an amazing display of ... nothing .
tr	NN	A thick canyon sliced across the far side .
tr	NN	The butcher draws a knife across the neck right in that spot because it 's one of the life centers of the body .
tr	NN	Despair and loneliness crashed into me like the waves of an angry ocean , ready to pull me under , to suffocate me in its power .
tr	NN	But the bastard hadn 't counted on Jackie .
tr	NN	The third operator was at a full sprint toward the Briefing Room .
tr	NN	The tape went silent .
tr	NNS	Classes had started and were passing in a blur , and I was still working at the cafe .
tr	NN	And the grove she 's talking about does actually happen to be along ley lines .
tr	NN	Every last instinct told Sam to go to Dianna .
tr	NNS	Others , well , others are awful , detailed , and almost consuming .
tr	NN	There was no reasoning with him when he was like this .
tr	NN	Its human outline grew as it hurtled towards me .
tr	NN	In the doorway , Franco 's cute secretary watched the encounter .
tr	NNS	Random flakes spilled all over the counter and on the floor .
tr	NNS	" These first floors belong to Magister Oswin . "
tr	NNS	Then powerful jaws would lunge and grab , twisting , tearing , pulling , beneath the murky water in a frenzy of splashing and blood .
tr	NN	The acrid stench assailed the slave girls ' nostrils and they all began whining and yelling .
tr	NNS	The pigs squealed as the bolts passed through them and suddenly vanished , fading in a second as if nothing was there .
tr	NNS	Will whispers , then gives me another quick kiss .
tr	NNS	By this point , the other travelers were long-gone .
tr	NNS	Violet silk scarves formed a winding trail , leading from the bedroom to the room next door .
tr	NN	The predator within him wanted to throw away the needle , lower his mouth to her skin , bite in deep .
tr	NNS	" Then your witnesses are lying .
tr	NN	When the stones hummed and lit the ring , the vortex swallowed the travelers whole .
tr	NNS	Yet the precious resources they had nurtured remained .
tr	NN	The station 's northeast and the sun 's behind us on the left .
tr	NN	Makes the transition go a lot faster . "
tr	NN	Her mate soon saw another , and the two of them flew off .
tr	NNS	His nostrils filled with the scent of her hair and skin .
tr	NN	" Hello , Ms. Obvious , I sorta deduced that from your dazed and confused expression .
tr	NN	What had that ghoul infected her with ?
tr	NN	A horrific boom shatters glass in a one-mile radius and forces everyone on the street to the pavement .
tr	NN	The damage to her body was so severe that it was beyond repair .
tr	NN	" The second moral to be drawn from last night 's events is a more cheering one .
tr	NNS	Our activities ranged from the typical tourist attractions , like the Statue of Liberty , to strolling through festivals and eating our way through the city .
tr	NN	At least a slug knows its place . "
tr	NNS	" The laces won 't budge .
tr	NNS	His footsteps echoed in the chamber inside the hill .
tr	NN	" The pot put me on .
tr	NN	I was fuming mad , the steam practically rose from my head .
tr	NNS	She made your favorite breakfast today -- sausage patties , scrambled eggs , biscuits with sausage gravy and strong coffee . "
tr	NNS	In this day of online booksellers , readers like to know what other readers think .
tr	NNS	The captives yelled all at once .
tr	NNS	The batteries were up , the starters turned over , but they would not fire .
tr	NN	The coroner had gotten an even earlier start than I 'd expected .
tr	NN	No blue lightning crackled from her back like the long legs of a nightmare insect .
tr	NNS	The dancers performed near the bonfire to the chants of the women with noise shakers in their hands and to the beat of the tribal drummers .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of Billie were haunting him .
tr	NNS	Looks like it 's already the perfect color .
tr	NN	" Or perhaps there is a rival ?
tr	NNS	But recent experiments had proven otherwise .
tr	NNS	" Families expand , so if you don 't increase the size of the pie , the pieces will get smaller with each generation . "
tr	NNS	" There are several explanations for that .
tr	NNS	All characters in this book are fictitious , and any resemblance to real persons , living or dead is coincidental .
tr	NN	His clothing looked ragged , too , as if he 'd been in some sort of conflict .
tr	NN	" Since that sheriff is my problem .
tr	NNS	And the city colors are far more pleasant than I expected .
tr	NNS	Now that he wasn 't looking into the flashlight , his pupils were huge .
tr	NNS	His movements were hard to predict and his speed and agility were impressive for an older man that is .
tr	NNS	As for the Huguenot troops , French authorities never allowed Protestants to land in Louisiana , so there were no troops to recruit .
tr	NNS	" The passengers can enter ; it 's cold but fresh in here .
tr	NN	Part of my fear when pregnant had been that my body was lost to me forever .
tr	NNS	A few scholarship offers had come his way , but he opted to join the Navy after graduation .
tr	NNS	The flakes were as big as any she had ever seen , and Abby 's mouth dropped at the sight of them .
tr	NN	And , almost fifty percent of the time there is no explanation for what really causes loss of consciousness . "
tr	NNS	There are always consequences .
tr	NNS	Dogs barked , a siren sounded and shouts came from the building .
tr	NN	A log popped in the fire , and she remembered that there was something else to discuss with her brother before she fell asleep .
tr	NN	The agent in him demanded that he stop her .
tr	NN	The dread arrested him and his pulse escalated .
tr	NN	" Because chivalry is a load of overblown horseshit ? "
tr	NN	This beautiful blond wore a tight leather outfit .
tr	NNS	Things would go from bad to disastrous .
tr	NNS	Wings sprouted from its back and its limbs thickened , sprouting grasping claws .
tr	NNS	" There 's a few newspapers on the computer .
tr	NN	My art , my salvation , would also be my revenge . "
tr	NN	The rope added extra reassurance .
tr	NNS	Things were out of control in the world , that had made him uneasy for years .
tr	NNS	The warrants are on the line as we speak .
tr	NNS	But ... just thinking his Annabelle 's name filled him with excitement .
tr	NNS	Things were taking a vastly different turn from what she was prepared to deal with this morning .
tr	NNS	More shots rang out , blasting sand from between Tucker 's legs and by his left hand .
tr	NN	Her first release was hard and fast , her muscles tightening until the sensitive nerve endings were on fire , but he didn 't stop .
tr	NNS	Chills ran up his spine as she told them , " Give a girl some room to breathe , guys . "
tr	NNS	The three other couples , I guess are the married children of my grandparents .
tr	NN	But the fin appeared again , this time charging straight toward the middle of the boat .
tr	NN	The receptionist said , " We have a cancellation .
tr	NN	The recovery of the Orb was only a step - an important one - but only a beginning . "
tr	NN	Real y , I do not know how you ladies do it , run around dressed in long skirts al day every day . "
tr	NN	The frantic beating of his heart knocked against his chest as he silently got out of the truck .
tr	NN	" When will my lord be needing this potion ? "
tr	NNS	Burning torches lined the walls and I scrambled to the entrance of Sam 's cell .
tr	NNS	In the past , his kisses have been very delicate and smooth .
tr	NN	The trick is getting him to find the time to read it and render his judgment or pass it along .
tr	NN	Part of me wanted to ask her out , but the other part had no interest in a girl like her .
tr	NN	Part of her wanted to refuse Alexander 's invitation .
tr	NNS	The chains merely accentuated what was already there , what had been simmering between them from that first kiss in the foyer of the Ocean Club .
tr	NNS	Many potions call for these things .
tr	NNS	There were no registration documents to be found in the pickup .
tr	NN	The thud of Kylie 's feet hitting the earth echoed , and the smell of rain hung in the air .
tr	NN	Let 's chat sometime , would love to here from you .
tr	NN	" The bullet just grazed him , right ? "
tr	NN	The Catholic guilt immediately slipped into her soul .
tr	NN	" In the beginning , the tribe settled in this harbor and became skilled ship builders and fishermen .
tr	NN	The van rolled slowly down a darkened back road in the pouring rain .
tr	NNS	Gramps grabs his stick and points it at the car .
tr	NNS	When he did not show up for a trial on Monday morning , his law clerks panicked and called the FBI .
tr	NN	" How could a two-bit operator save up this kind of money ? "
tr	NNS	Most supernatural creatures would kill and I mean kill to get a chance to become a Siren . "
tr	NNS	Two figures emerged , unsmiling faces in white shirts with dark ties , dark trousers , the usual uniform .
tr	NN	In the back was an alter raised above all else in the room .
tr	NN	When she turned into the parking lot , the blue sedan continued on down the road without slowing down .
tr	NN	" I don 't recognize you , " the mobile extension of the giant computer said , her voice tinny and shrill .
tr	NNS	The tower 's relative emptiness gave the illusion of being larger than it actually was .
tr	NNS	When song and dance is with you , journeys are full of incessant joy and satisfaction .
tr	NN	The milk ... " Damn it , Caden ... " I cursed in garbled speech as I drifted off into a drug-induced sleep .
tr	NNS	Stacks nodded , giving Dr. Hernandez his approval .
tr	NNS	There were court rolls and quill and ink before them and saddlebags , yet unpacked , at Andrew 's side .
tr	NNS	Romulus put his finger to his lips , but one turn later , Viktor had his answer .
tr	NNS	" No worries , I live with Rick , remember .
tr	NN	Moments later , the white flutter moved out from behind the barrel for a few moments before it disappeared again .
tr	NNS	Even the best blades we import from Frankland cannot do this . "
tr	NN	" Rob , the coin is gold -- Spanish , I think -- 250 years old .
tr	NNS	Then my sobs subsided as suspicion broke through my grief .
tr	NNS	The images rushed toward her in the split second she realized she was about to die .
tr	NNS	" Things , " she said and didn 't bother to explain .
tr	NNS	An emptiness rumbled through her stomach as delicious aromas rose to her of pastries , hot breads , coffee .
tr	NNS	Flames shot high into the air momentarily illuminating the small campsite .
tr	NN	The colonel turned back to Celeste .
tr	NNS	His footsteps slow when he approaches me .
tr	NNS	Others might have concerns about Brandon , but she saw deeper .
tr	NNS	Looks like you got most of it out . "
tr	NNS	The wind speeds and rainfall estimates suggest this storm will be three to four times as fierce as the prior one .
tr	NNS	The politeness sounded odd coming out of Bickel 's suit speaker .
tr	NNS	My eyelids drooped and my heart stopped .
tr	NNS	Marius had to suck in his gut and scoot in sideways in order to fit .
tr	NN	Chance marched down the hallway .
tr	NN	" I admire your spirit , boy , " the knight continued .
tr	NN	The theory is they hid it somewhere , intending to come back for it when the war was won . "
tr	NN	The temperature gauge indicated that , outside , it had dropped another degree .
tr	NNS	Her fingernails bit deeper into his skin , as if she couldn 't get close enough .
tr	NN	The initiative lies all on your side .
tr	NNS	Her hair was drawn tight , the strands wrapped around his fingers as he held his fist firm .
tr	NN	The vista was of the back lawn and wooded area .
tr	NNS	Two attendants quickly pulled four more chairs over for the men .
tr	NN	Is the information contained in these documents true and correct ? "
tr	NNS	Those two idiots tried to amputate her leg the other day ! "
tr	NN	" I will wait here in case a messenger comes " said his Uncle .
tr	NN	Why was the crucifix there ?
tr	NNS	Courtney Cole 126 With My Last Breath , Book Three The warriors in the front automatically backed away from the sound and I couldn 't blame them .
tr	NNS	Maris stepped from behind a tree , her black eyes glittering with rage .
tr	NNS	" These figures don 't match . "
tr	NNS	The other supernaturals find it too emotionally stimulating ... or I guess I could call it intimidating . "
tr	NNS	Now , servants and passing soldiers began staring at us .
tr	NNS	There were semi-formal suits , which you might wear as a lord with no special occasion in mind , and even swimwear of a sort .
tr	NN	um ... there was a plane crash late last night ... " He trailed off .
tr	NN	Her agony clawed at his heart , and Thomas recognized anew how much he loved his daughter .
tr	NNS	Others have started out that way .
tr	NN	" Another rider , " he said .
tr	NN	Lie to me , princess .
tr	NN	The brunette , once again , had her head down to the computer , her fingers clicking away at the keys .
tr	NNS	For three days the duchess hadn 't spoken a single personal word to her , except to criticize , lecture , instruct , or command .
tr	NN	A multitude of objections gathered on her tongue , but " No , " was all her quickly tiring brain could manage .
tr	NN	Her resolve firmed just as he came at her with another one of those sinfully sweet kisses aimed straight at her heart .
tr	NN	The sinful twinkle returned to his eyes .
tr	NNS	And then there was the media .
tr	NN	" He 's gone hunting , " the elder said .
tr	NN	In a last breathless moment , the buggy left the final piece of crumbling roadway and plunged into the void .
tr	NNS	Questions didn 't bother Patrick .
tr	NN	Did my terrible accent offend her ?
tr	NN	The yelling ceased , but the hum of murmured voices continued to pervade the room .
tr	NN	The stench emanating from her cape of animal carcasses was nearly equal to the woman 's aura of power .
tr	NN	The compulsion held me in place so I couldn 't escape or go anywhere .
tr	NN	Leftover soup and stale bread made up our breakfast .
tr	NNS	Their tongues met and slid around each other like two snakes on a wet pole .
tr	NN	Apparently your schedule fills up quickly and I need to make advance arrangements . "
tr	NN	Every nerve in my body already felt like it was vibrating , but with each forceful stroke Sebastian strummed my arousal just a little more .
tr	NN	The majority of the clothes were jeans and tee-shirts , things she could wear to class and blend in with the rest of the student population .
tr	NN	" Why would an IRS agent try to harm you ? "
tr	NN	Reese 's giggle and their audience 's applause kept Eric from slanting his mouth over Marissa 's to take advantage of her surrender .
tr	NN	The maid had received a horrifying surprise when she bustled inside to clean the place that morning .
tr	NN	A big heap of trouble is what you are .
tr	NNS	Serena spots fins ahead , bobbing near the surface .
tr	NNS	Those expert digits rubbed on her folds before easily finding her cl * t and jockeying it till she was soaking his fingers in juice .
tr	NN	For today at least , diplomacy and trade would be the order of the day .
tr	NNS	" All tests are artificial . "
tr	NN	" What are you all whispering about ? "
tr	NN	A great mane of white hair grew back from her forehead , falling about her almost magically .
tr	NN	The whistle from a slow-moving locomotive carried across a desolate valley .
tr	NNS	The seas around the island would become tranquil again , and safe .
tr	NNS	The repairs are expensive , so it 's going to take some time . "
tr	NNS	The pines were roaring on the height , The winds were moaning in the night .
tr	NNS	The sobs were soft at first , but then they intensified .
tr	NN	The village folk had made him a shield to replace the one he 'd lost fighting the ogre .
tr	NNS	There were a few boxed dinners , a few cans of soup , but very little else .
tr	NN	The medication must contain an inhibitor that settles my frazzled nerves .
tr	NN	A small bouquet of fresh flowers from Carole 's garden decorated each top .
tr	NN	And heart-stopping in that Sara had no idea whose gun it came from , or who , if anyone , the bullet had hit .
tr	NNS	Your visitors include children , so travelling with the boys will give me more opportunity to build detail into the report .
tr	NN	There was something evil lurking in that man .
tr	NNS	Marius accelerated and drove toward the boulders .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of the car dropped away and all I could think of was how much I didn 't want to party with anyone tonight .
tr	NNS	The elves and their god truly were one .
tr	NN	Those kills had been justified -- this death was not .
tr	NN	Her motto echoed in her head .
tr	NNS	Things were becoming a little clearer now .
tr	NNS	Lots of caffeine will totally douse the feeling I have to pass out on the stairs .
tr	NNS	Of course , most fans were watching the show , not surfing the net , but there would be a few who would see it soon .
tr	NNS	The dirt floors were no different than those in Alexandria except that they were beaten harder and there wasn 't so much dust .
tr	NNS	Our shares were double that , and we gave up half of ours to them .
tr	NNS	Nicodemus sailed to the next car on the train and landed in a crouch , facing us .
tr	NN	A siren suddenly began to sound above us .
tr	NNS	Alarmed shouts reached my ears .
tr	NNS	And after Sienna ... " Hunter , " Lucien muttered , his blades already unsheathed .
tr	NNS	The winds he generated gave Fields the impression that he was in a hurricane .
tr	NNS	There are huge areas that are ruined .
tr	NN	The staircase circled down until they reached the bottom , where it opened up to a great cavern of a room .
tr	NN	This maneuver brought more laughter that quickened the girls pace across the lawn .
tr	NN	The aged dwarf , with his own clock and his own grudges and stories .
tr	NN	The drill sergeant started to laugh at her this time .
tr	NNS	" Perhaps the sails of a ship loom beyond the ocean 's unsteady horizon as we speak . "
tr	NNS	His thumbs made light circles on my wrists and my body clenched at the almost tender motion .
tr	NN	My abduction was a success .
tr	NN	The goddess doesn 't like anyone getting the better of her and most especially not when it 's a mortal she owns . "
tr	NN	A deep chuckle sent a shiver down her spine .
tr	NNS	Feeling him so close , all worries pushed aside ... The cool shower was revitalizing in more ways than one .
tr	NN	Lea 's announcement made Nicole 's already stretched nerves snarl .
tr	NNS	The blank spaces where churches once stood are empty pockets of brightness against the blackness of buildings .
tr	NNS	The spaghetti almost didn 't make it to the strainer .
tr	NNS	Looks like a masuk execution . "
tr	NNS	Bottles sped away , not even hearing what Stan called out to him .
tr	NN	" Jack , you head home now in case there 's a ransom demand before I get there with tech support .
tr	NN	Memory , once waked , will play the tyrant .
tr	NN	The idiot kidnapped Arthur !
tr	NNS	Toxicity levels indicate it might make us sick . "
tr	NNS	But even as she grew warmer and calmer and her eyes became accustomed to the darkness , the vague images and emotions slipped away .
tr	NN	The lack of definition of the chest beneath pale , elaborately embroidered robes defined the stranger as a man .
tr	NNS	There were daggers already strapped to his ankles and throwing stars attached to his belt .
tr	NNS	The goblins roared with a sudden burst of shrill cries .
tr	NNS	A short " Hello " or even a short smile would have been enough just because they know each other .
tr	NN	Eventually the script just ... ran out , and there was nothing left to say , no way to improvise happiness .
tr	NNS	But right now , the temperatures were hovering around thirty , and right now , the snow wasn 't going anywhere except higher .
tr	NN	The moon shone outside the window as a warm breeze ran over us .
tr	NN	Her weakness sickened her .
tr	NNS	The letters I sent to my family returned with similar sentiments .
tr	NNS	The objects stitched into the lining of my robes were my diaries .
tr	NNS	Sharmila shouts , face bright , lit by the flames of the burning demons around her .
tr	NNS	The members of this Association , saved water by bathing once in two days , yet they smelled so nice with flavours of the modern deodorants .
tr	NNS	Her instincts told her it wasn 't something evil .
tr	NN	His absence cut me so deeply that it physically hurt .
tr	NNS	Words escaped her a couple times , but she backed to contemplation .
tr	NNS	Your passions run high , your blood hot .
tr	NN	One student said it was better than a Hollywood martial arts movie .
tr	NN	My goal is to raise as few eyebrows as possible .
tr	NNS	The runes surrounding it had begun to glow .
tr	NN	Her mascara made spider legs out of her eyelashes .
tr	NNS	The aliens would be for everyone .
tr	NN	A sob ripped through Micah as she cowered against the counter .
tr	NNS	Without Hermes 's companionship , my summers weren 't much better than my winters anymore .
tr	NN	There was a stack of hundred dollar bills included inside .
tr	NN	The stench was much greater than usual , the hum of insects drawn to the water now filling my ears .
tr	NN	Love was how all these knots started to unravel in the first place .
tr	NNS	" What are you ladies drinking ? "
tr	NN	A chorus of " ooh " and " aah " erupted from the growing crowd .
tr	NNS	Surely there are logical explanations for the other two deaths .
tr	NNS	Words I remembered writing , flowed over the top of the page .
tr	NN	" What 's your work schedule like the rest of the week ? "
tr	NN	The younger woman 's lack of bitterness and anger toward Grant impressed her .
tr	NNS	" Three roads , " Bertram said .
tr	NNS	Cassius always had been the strong one in the family .
tr	NN	Where is the tablet ? "
tr	NNS	Others will ignore copyright laws whenever they please .
tr	NNS	Her instincts had been right , and this news was all the validation she needed .
tr	NNS	Two held flash grenades that would stun the kidnappers , while two more agents stood poised ready with a battering ram .
tr	NNS	Angelus didn 't respond , but he didn 't need to .
tr	NNS	Once through the gap , the passengers dived back to their places and the raft plopped back level again .
tr	NNS	The tightness in her shoulders relaxed .
tr	NN	Had the bastard been waiting in the bushes ?
tr	NNS	That is not all that you gave him though , your teachings also provided him with a unique understanding and loving heart , one that forgives .
tr	NN	' Who 's your mistress ?
tr	NNS	Alexis looks pleased with her discovery .
tr	NNS	As the first couple of shelves hit the ground the black figures stood there in confusion .
tr	NNS	" Not the best sales pitch you could make . "
tr	NNS	" There are more trials ahead on this island .
tr	NN	Then came the long , slow slide of her wet lips .
tr	NNS	Jackson backed off , returning to my side , still growling and feral , his hackles raised .
tr	NN	Thick , off-white carpeting , with a startling level of cleanliness that Kaylee was unaccustomed to , covered the floor .
tr	NNS	Others say an ocean ... a green ocean with monsters .
tr	NN	" That 's not yours to decide , " the guardian shot back .
tr	NNS	Daphne showed surprise , the other party members only annoyance .
tr	NNS	Ninety degrees is hot to us , too .
tr	NNS	Once you are delivered , the wolves say they will allow the maidens ashore again .
tr	NNS	His early investments had brought him great wealth when he was quite young .
tr	NNS	Three hills loomed near the lake , each crowned with a mighty keep , from which reserve forces could sally to harass assailing armies .
tr	NN	His reputation on the street was that he got the job done ... whatever the " job " was , efficiently and without fuss .
tr	NNS	Even with the door just a couple inches open he could hear furious voices arguing .
tr	NNS	Instantly the night insects went silent .
tr	NNS	Looks like he 's had some adventures .
tr	NNS	Their living quarters contain normal bedrooms , and you are welcome to see that for yourself . "
tr	NN	The tightly moulded bodice was beautifully beaded with tiny crystals , as was the hem and lower half of the gloriously wide skirt .
tr	NN	When he kissed her again , an unexpected tremor ran through her .
tr	NNS	Things like that . "
tr	NN	The circular town square had little cardboard shops .
tr	NN	The video has abruptly switched to the logo of the Constitutional Convention set against a backdrop of the skyline of Kansas City .
tr	NNS	Things were less formal between them when they were away from others .
tr	NN	Suddenly there was a loud clank .
tr	NNS	Words tumbled forth unchecked .
tr	NNS	6 IT WAS LATE AFTERNOON when Reuben returned from Sonoma .
tr	NN	On page two there is a map .
tr	NNS	Cold chills replaced the warmth of her anger .
tr	NN	35 flinched and 22 gasped .
tr	NNS	Her delayed movements suggested she hadn 't slept much during the night , or else had had restless dreams .
tr	NNS	My heart races anxiously .
tr	NNS	The mattress dipped as she sat down beside Susannah .
tr	NNS	Hands were on my shoulders and I turned around and buried myself in Jessie 's chest .
tr	NN	Since they believed in themselves and their cause , a remnant of the original idea of Templar honor , their momentum continued from the day before .
tr	NN	" Tell me about it , " the aid said .
tr	NN	The challenge showed in his eyes .
tr	NNS	Those sirens are waiting and you know I 'm never one to leave them to sing alone . "
tr	NN	" Man , the air conditioning must work overtime in this old house .
tr	NNS	Things were so unusual now that I started to wonder if they 'd ever get back to normal .
tr	NN	Link breathed in again , gagging from the stench .
tr	NNS	" What are your origins , Oakes ? "
tr	NNS	Lots of bugs and they 're everywhere .
tr	NNS	But the contents of my dream said otherwise .
tr	NNS	All those screaming fans in the audience had been for Shaken Dirty .
tr	NN	" Another vampire hunt will destroy our people . "
tr	NNS	" There are too many witnesses here .
tr	NNS	Images of heartbroken girls from long ago rose to taunt me , but I shut them down .
tr	NN	The rumbling continued , and Calliope scrambled to her feet , every trace of dignity gone .
tr	NNS	Her report cards said the same thing , year after year : " Nicola is a bright girl , but she often acts without thinking . "
tr	NN	In those cases though the heroine always got a happy ending .
tr	NN	And hey , when you leave , make sure you shut the door and don 't just break it down . "
tr	NNS	Why do we Americans say that ?
tr	NN	Sigmar 's eldest nodded at the woman .
tr	NN	The guy 's posture relaxed .
tr	NN	Had her grandmother slept in ?
tr	NNS	His letters always looked like they were running from something .
tr	NN	Even a tourist could find the restaurant .
tr	NN	Hopefully his treatment of her now would compel her to disregard him when the time came .
tr	NNS	Flames shoot out of my hands .
tr	NNS	The stiffness of his joints quickly moved up to his knees as the crackling and tightening of his limbs ensued .
tr	NNS	His shots went wild .
tr	NN	the dragon uttered cheerfully .
tr	NNS	Suddenly ripples appeared in the dust plane , interrupting the light .
tr	NN	The blunt announcement gave nothing away except her name .
tr	NNS	Her movements were agonizingly slow and I wanted to scream for her to hurry up , but I knew I couldn 't .
tr	NNS	The fireflies disbanded and came back down .
tr	NNS	Alexis begins searching through boxes , tossing them aside .
tr	NN	Every Christmas cartoon polar bears go on TV and sell us Diet Coke .
tr	NN	It was pandemonium as Ms. Cope from the front office and Mr. Varner the math teacher tried to line everyone up alphabetically .
tr	NNS	My mind races through a series of fantasies , the main one being me as a London housewife with a chubby baby called Henry .
tr	NN	Slowly , nausea turned into raging thirst .
tr	NN	Glancing back to Ilia , Link notes her thoughtful expression as she stares into the distance .
tr	NNS	His attempts to gain access to the netherworld could somehow open up an opportunity that they would not otherwise have .
tr	NN	Link bent down to pick it up .
tr	NN	With a mighty heave , Connie 's widow upturned the urn and the ashes spilled out into the sea .
tr	NN	The absence of anyone created a vacuum feeling , pulling me into the room and chilling my bones .
tr	NN	The captain was already nodding in agreement as Lucian turned back to her .
tr	NN	The throbbing on his cheek and around the tender flesh of his eye screamed in protest as he gently touched the area where Katherine had hit him .
tr	NNS	Several couples were already mid-way through a scene .
tr	NN	There was never a conviction . "
tr	NN	The priest who officiated was a gentle , kindly old man who was clearly not a Cultist .
tr	NNS	More slugs cracked and hummed through the air .
tr	NN	Charming 's sister 's icon lit up then went to voice mail .
tr	NNS	Cassius was waiting on the other side .
tr	NN	Stones had been whitewashed , clothing bleached grey or tan .
tr	NNS	If your men can follow his instructions , the creatures of the Wasteland will never get out of Crystal Gorge . "
tr	NNS	If they give it to a foreigner , the fans will probably revolt . "
tr	NN	The human race cannot survive without that trust and , when it is broken , you lose a part of yourself .
tr	NN	" What 's the third option ? "
tr	NNS	Your sources are -- " " It was a guess .
tr	NN	The laptop gave another one of its sinister sneers : " You will have to do better than that , I am afraid .
tr	NNS	" What are her chances ?
tr	NNS	The warriors approved of me .
tr	NNS	Just inches above the water , the flyer churned the placid water .
tr	NN	The unfamiliar deep timbre of a boy 's voice rolled down her spine , and she slowed , glancing over her shoulder .
tr	NN	No turbulence aloft this time , and it should be clear the entire way . "
tr	NN	The trick is not to let it destroy your trust in others when it happens .
tr	NN	The liquid trickled like fire down her throat .
tr	NNS	These dark creatures only know conquest and placing other beings in slavery and will stop at nothing short of jeopardizing their own survival .
tr	NN	" There 's a federal agent ... " Jasper covered his mouth .
tr	NN	The only option was to get her car and drive Adam to the nearest hospital .
tr	NNS	Aris kept his eyes on Selene as Nikolas disappeared , monitoring her expression , trying to fathom her thoughts .
tr	NN	" The Cat 's Meow .
tr	NNS	The ceilings were just eight feet high , so he easily reached the cord and pulled the folding stairs down .
tr	NNS	Things were okay for a while .
tr	NNS	The media simply condemned the incident , calling it a desperate act of a few deeply disturbed individuals .
tr	NNS	The torches continued burning .
tr	NNS	The discs fell to floor .
tr	NNS	Two nurses came in the room and one had a cart that had a plastic box for a baby .
tr	NNS	The colors and detail were amazing .
tr	NN	Her bundle of belongings hung heavy against her hip .
tr	NNS	And the planets that circle them are just huge cultures , containing different nutrient mixtures and different life forms .
tr	NNS	But the bees work on , coming and going ... busy as bees .
tr	NNS	The roads weren 't clear , but traffic moved in a steady flow .
tr	NNS	Hands went up across the room and I grinned .
tr	NN	' But a debt only becomes a burden if you do not want to pay it .
tr	NNS	Whoever was behind the hot tub murders had a background in intelligence .
tr	NN	The night 's blissful aura subdued the grief and regret that had just re awakened within him .
tr	NN	A popping log on the hearth abruptly brought her back to the dingy little parlor .
tr	NN	" Look at it this way , " she said , " a scar is better than bleeding . "
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , his formidable battle skills hadn 't been enough when Sydney had tricked him into splitting up from her when the Alchemists had come after her .
tr	NNS	The council members were arguing about how best to defend themselves from the barbarous nomads who themselves fled before a great force from the east .
tr	NNS	The priorities were Mechanical and all aspects of food production .
tr	NNS	Next to me all my companions cheered .
tr	NN	And a Lupine , for crying out loud .
tr	NN	And overall , the siren call of her life 's blood running through her veins like a warm red river .
tr	NN	It was like a shard of glass cutting his heart .
tr	NNS	Things like silk sheets and beautiful homes , infinity pools , sunsets over the ocean , and hundred thousand dollar cars .
tr	NNS	Now all the teachers at Middleton Prep looked at Jake with a glint of worry .
tr	NNS	What were the chances it 'd be anyone else ?
tr	NNS	" There were no prints on the recovered phone .
tr	NNS	On the right side , there were three rows of hangers housing military tanks and jets .
tr	NN	The Child will descend from him . '
tr	NN	" Does the defense have anything to add ? "
tr	NNS	No matter what his greater hope was , murdering innocents was and always would be the worst kind of evil .
tr	NNS	Others had many questions but Betty had few answers .
tr	NNS	There are no guarantees .
tr	NNS	Her sobs seized her .
tr	NN	A kitten who thought he was a dog because his ears were too big had grabbed her daughter 's attention like nothing else .
tr	NN	Her pulse pounded in her blood .
tr	NN	The stench was worse than ever when she turned the top slat aside .
tr	NNS	The rows of ominous humans floating in jars were on all sides .
tr	NN	They have existed for over 29,000 years peacefully on planet Mercian , " views the mountain , nodding .
tr	NNS	I opened my mouth , drawing the damp air over my tongue , sampling it , my nostrils flared .
tr	NNS	The thunderbolts had gone , the daggers erased .
tr	NNS	The villagers wore long faces , some wailed with zealous abandon ( probably relatives to the kidnapped children ) , while others wept .
tr	NNS	However our species has guarded this quadrant for all time .
tr	NN	The proof of something she 'd spent the last week alternately denying and forcing out of her mind sent her reeling .
tr	NNS	His movements were sturdy and strong , and his eyes held a calm focus that nothing would deter .
tr	NN	The harp gleamed in the sun as the last wrapping came off .
tr	NNS	At astonishing speed the worms would come and go from these hatches .
tr	NN	There was a soft click , and the door opened , admitting Alec and Jace .
tr	NN	The loudspeaker crackled , announcing flights , theirs ending the list .
tr	NN	The reserve she 'd shown around all other men disappeared as if it had never existed .
tr	NNS	The ogres beneath me shouted in alarm .
tr	NN	Before she reached the stall the nausea faded .
tr	NN	Pure adrenaline kept me going , but I was losing focus .
tr	NN	The wing or fin disappears into the coral , suggesting the rest of the aircraft might be buried beneath .
tr	NNS	Police , security , athletes , some that were just in the right age bracket -- they had raw talent but they weren 't hard trained .
tr	NNS	' My companions are perfectly capable .
tr	NN	Just as he got the words out , the sedan slid into the gravel on the opposite side of the road .
tr	NNS	Words can 't describe what I feel when I 'm with you .
tr	NN	A staircase went up each side of the room , and a large corridor cut through the middle leading to a blazing fire pit .
tr	NNS	The locks presented no problem .
tr	NNS	Wouldn 't the cats follow the rats ?
tr	NN	The migraine had even softened a little .
tr	NNS	Werewolves really only wanted one thing and she gave that to him the last time she saw him .
tr	NN	His posture was perfect and his white teeth glimmered in the coming darkness .
tr	NN	Wasn 't the one hundred fifty grand enough for you ?
tr	NN	The last sedan drove around the wrecks of the first two vehicles , clipped the bumper of the second car and kept coming .
tr	NNS	Then there were the hugs , when her mom wasn 't good at giving them .
tr	NN	The townsfolk murmured and pushed one another as they tried to get out of the way .
tr	NNS	The winds were invisible to the others down below .
tr	NN	The birthmark was obscured .
tr	NN	" The evil siren deserves what was stolen from her . "
tr	NNS	Things will get back to normal soon . "
tr	NNS	Her face markings were a lopsided mask of black with a stripe of orange down the middle .
tr	NN	" Ghost walker ? "
tr	NN	" That it does , " the agent replied .
tr	NNS	As one , as the three of them watched the scene , the bits and pieces flew together , zooming in to form the picture .
tr	NNS	His footsteps sounded right above my head .
tr	NNS	Others maintained a small moat of open space .
tr	NN	The euphoria I had experienced at Gabriel 's penthouse and briefly in his office was with me all the time .
tr	NNS	" There are two types of paternity tests .
tr	NN	" Your ultimate goal is world domination . "
tr	NN	And the choking smell of earth nearby .
tr	NN	Immediately guilt constricted her chest .
tr	NN	The old gentleman gave her a kindly smile as he stood to greet her with a hug .
tr	NNS	Soldiers ran , kicking doors down and dragging families from their homes , seeming to the unwitting eye like the invaders that had doomed their planet .
tr	NNS	The gallons of liquor he drank in his lifetime didn 't help either .
tr	NNS	Six more wolves walked into the moonlit circle , pulling Chad and Jeremy with them .
tr	NNS	There are three minds .
tr	NNS	Of course , your drinks are on the house .
tr	NN	Kira 's survival instinct kicked in and she searched the room for an opening .
tr	NN	The mating ritual had begun .
tr	NN	The canine glared at him with mock anger .
tr	NNS	Things are pretty dug in over there and it may be a while before we can get the Germans moving backwards .
tr	NN	CHAPTER 26 Frito 's round belly bounced back and forth as we silently walked up the dirt driveway to the shepherds house .
tr	NNS	" What were our losses ? "
tr	NN	Your degree will help me get the office straightened out .
tr	NN	This seething , noisy , green inferno was more than my shattered nerves could stand .
tr	NN	There 's an art to it .
tr	NN	The booze was eating her brain , and he knew it .
tr	NN	the operator asks when I tell her the situation .
tr	NN	The liquid in this pot is alcoholic , and we add vinegar to it .
tr	NNS	The images you see are only photographs of events long past .
tr	NN	Not that she 'd let the captain know any of that .
tr	NNS	His eyelids drooped , languorous and heavy , and his voice when he spoke was thick .
tr	NN	Sloane 's rental blocked Grace 's minivan .
tr	NN	The sheriff hesitated , then said ; " Your brother was hurt this afternoon in a two car collision .
tr	NN	The other patrons either ignored us or gave us a very wide berth .
tr	NNS	The risks are just too great .
tr	NNS	" But last night the screens were working at full strength . "
tr	NNS	Stole our minds , * garbled * back .
tr	NNS	Her instincts told her Gregori was powerful .
tr	NN	A cold thrill of fear spreads through me .
tr	NNS	The eighties videos still baffle me today .
tr	NN	And the duct tape .
tr	NNS	Doors opened and closed behind us .
tr	NN	There was duct tape over her mouth and her hands were tied in front of her .
tr	NN	: Ok well think of this conversation , the odds were against me .
tr	NNS	" Two burgers and a closed mouth coming up . "
tr	NN	There 's a photograph of her on the next page , her mouth in a firm line , wisps of brown hair hanging around her face .
tr	NN	My only option was to get stronger and face them without fear after I mastered my new power .
tr	NN	The spider gave up .
tr	NNS	Under the T-shirts , oversized jogging trousers were worn to hide the leg metal , and then VIN placed new track shoes over his new metal feet .
tr	NN	Part of me wondered if she wanted me to lose my temper and fight her .
tr	NN	My staff can handle things here , " the admiral offered .
tr	NNS	The tightness in Dennis ' chest relented somewhat , although he wasn 't sure how he should feel .
tr	NNS	" What do the ladies make of such a quirk ? "
tr	NN	Another tremor moved through him as he lowered his head .
tr	NN	However , just then there was a bustle of activity down the hall and Monique came gliding out of the library .
tr	NN	The Jeep sped down her street .
tr	NNS	Others zipped by the scene on bikes .
tr	NN	The studio was starting to cast Suddenly It 's Spring and Dore urged me to get my rewrites finished quickly .
tr	NN	His hunger is yours .
tr	NNS	" No masks , " she repeated , her tongue sliding into my mouth .
tr	NNS	The other concepts had all declined in confusion .
tr	NNS	The symptoms of her mental illness were immediate .
tr	NNS	The creatures wouldn 't touch the flames or bright light .
tr	NNS	There are no limits . "
tr	NN	The amusement factor he might achieve for himself might be counterproductive in the long term .
tr	NN	" There 's an innocence and goodness in you that 's rare , special .
tr	NN	The dungeon was plain and dull .
tr	NN	My young ward gets an upgrade ! "
tr	NN	" The sin of pride , " Gran said .
tr	NN	Fuck , the orgasm had been amazing but nowhere near to what he truly wanted .
tr	NNS	The items in my store have very specific uses .
tr	NNS	Her brilliant ideas were often disasters in the making unless Emily caught them in time .
tr	NNS	My spies in the Alliance keep me informed . "
tr	NN	The warrior crept to the door of the house and tried to open it ; it was unlocked .
tr	NN	" As you can imagine , their little showdown with my brother and Abraham did not go according to plan .
tr	NNS	Interstellar crafts should be able to lift-off by morning .
tr	NNS	The followers of Yeshua are mostly simple people . "
tr	NNS	" Things you know aren 't there ? "
tr	NNS	The facts had looked pretty damning in the beginning .
tr	NNS	Chills coursed through her when she heard another weeping - before being instantly silenced .
tr	NN	" Blessed be the Lord our God who art in Heaven , " the leader intoned .
tr	NNS	Ten elevators serviced the hotel .
tr	NN	Not only is she a commoner , but she 's engaged . "
tr	NN	There 's just enough protein in the pasta to prevent wasting disease and just enough fresh fruit to keep the scurvy subclinical .
tr	NN	What proof have I that they are not ?
tr	NNS	" Things are looking very tight . "
tr	NNS	Bugs laughed and nodded his head in agreement .
tr	NN	But the deity of my metaphysics is not that of conventional belief , but one grounded in the laws of the cosmos .
tr	NNS	The world above spun , but Petr ... His body contorted and he threw his head back , mouth gaping open in a silent howl .
tr	NN	They ' l just have ones that don 't imply either of us .
tr	NN	The captain stood up and said grimly , " I hope it won 't ever come to that . "
tr	NN	Just as I was wondering how I 'd make it through like this , a soft accent spoke to me from the doorway .
tr	NNS	The actors sobbed and moaned dramatically .
tr	NNS	Looks like I take off for good at the end of this weekend . "
tr	NNS	These cases were rare and only happened if you were a suspect running from the law .
tr	NNS	The butterflies came back again .
tr	NNS	It was slow going with the crutch , and every time his right foot scraped against the ground , slivers of fire raced up his leg .
tr	NN	There was now a third potential player in this morbid tragedy .
tr	NNS	Two Lights could share one color , but no two living Creatures of the Light shared both colors .
tr	NNS	The dwarves came down from Mount Chesney , and the beavers traveled from the river .
tr	NN	What does recovery mean ? "
tr	NN	Eventually , boredom , curiosity , or both had driven Tony to watch David train .
tr	NN	In case of attack , there was a shield that could be deployed around the city .
tr	NNS	Underneath sprouted rows of watermelon , cabbage , broccoli , carrots and green onion with wide areas dedicated to spindly looking spices and herbs .
tr	NNS	Words and phrases echoed all about , but he couldn 't understand it all .
tr	NNS	Only three more tests , and she would finally be one of them .
tr	NN	The trio of enemies fell , their spears retracting once they hit the ground .
tr	NN	His uncle pinches my cheek , hard .
tr	NNS	The gunmen reacted in accordance with their training , turning their weapons on the scientists and opening fire .
tr	NN	Part of me wants to see her all the time .
tr	NNS	Things were sketchy from there .
tr	NNS	To the east , the hills continued to rise to meet the mountains , but to the north and west was flatter land .
tr	NNS	Four Shadowhunters dressed in red were looking around in shock and surprise .
tr	NN	The scuffle went on around her .
tr	NNS	Just a couple more inches and his fingers free from their terrible burden .
tr	NNS	The most important supplies are down there .
tr	NN	And the dragon wasn 't moving .
tr	NN	Now that the buzz was gone , the whispering turned to a full on yell .
tr	NNS	Myles could imagine Gertie doing precisely what she 'd said .
tr	NNS	No worries about his balls glowing just yet , because he was pretty damn sure they 'd retreated deep inside his body in search of warmer territory .
tr	NNS	Things were going to get worse before they got better , which was probably why I was having trouble dealing .
tr	NNS	" Lights are out . "
tr	NNS	Two figures stepped out from the trees .
tr	NN	" And what is the benefit of the disaster in Upland ? "
tr	NNS	Both statements were equally true , no matter how contradictory .
tr	NN	" So , there 's a murderer roaming the streets of New York ? "
tr	NNS	Aurelius , standing behind me , moved me toward a seat .
tr	NNS	His colleagues are stunned .
tr	NN	This treatment was going nowhere .
tr	NN	A large gentleman emerged from the rear of the limousine .
tr	NN	The pressure gauge was inching to the left , moving so slow it was hard to tell .
tr	NN	But the big Victorian was a lifeless shell , its front door wide open to the street .
tr	NN	Immediately inclination told him to leave unobserved , as he had approached .
tr	NN	The lever was too heavy .
tr	NN	The referee , now accustomed to seeing players on the ground , never blew the whistle .
tr	NNS	Chills ran down her spine as her memories shot her into a place and time she didn 't want to go .
tr	NN	The priest was a family friend .
tr	NNS	Things moved below the surface of it .
tr	NN	The test strip soaked up the drop of blood he 'd extracted , and the monitor beeped to show it had enough .
tr	NN	The male tender , cloaked in the guise of Faustus Valerius , smiled .
tr	NNS	Suit seals slithered under his gloved fingers as he secured them .
tr	NN	The senator was a werewolf .
tr	NNS	No one in Stillwater had wanted to give the person they held responsible for the reverend 's disappearance any breaks .
tr	NNS	His thumbs kept rubbing , sliding my mind clear away .
tr	NNS	Names that made him sick just to hear them .
tr	NN	A spotlight shone through the front window , and everyone who was standing ducked down .
tr	NNS	Already the first arrivals had roasting pigs on spits and tents set up with pots of coffee percolating right outside .
tr	NNS	The sparse gas streetlights had just started to come on .
tr	NNS	My heart cramps and a lump forms in my throat .
tr	NN	A true gentleman wouldn 't have followed you up to the hayloft after the wedding reception .
tr	NNS	Black spots dot her vision .
tr	NN	Rina 's demand sounded hoarse to her own ears .
tr	NNS	But there weren 't any fans in the section of the vineyard where she walked .
tr	NNS	Looks like we have a deal . "
tr	NNS	" And what are the consequences of losing it ? "
tr	NN	The man 's dossier rested on the seat next to him .
tr	NNS	As soon as she walked into her office , several team members approached her with both problems and solutions .
tr	NN	" A mountain fell into the ocean and a large wave silenced everybody on the island . "
tr	NN	Did a bloody comforter have to be taken to a professional cleaner ?
tr	NNS	On her feet she wore a pair of boots , the strings made of purple dragon hair .
tr	NNS	" My offers are always the best , Angel . "
tr	NN	His giant bicep bulged as he pointed to the floor .
tr	NN	My leg tingled and heat spread up my thigh .
tr	NN	But there is no ill intent in him ; at least not toward you , of that I 'm sure . "
tr	NNS	My own chains weighed me down ; they crushed my chest and constricted my breathing .
tr	NN	The mirror mesh was perfectly flexible , smooth , and resilient .
tr	NNS	Myles had brought his flashlight , but he didn 't dare use it .
tr	NN	A familiar black haze descended over his vision .
tr	NN	Her blush intensified as he kissed her neck .
tr	NNS	So why do your figures upset it ? "
tr	NNS	Things between him and Luke were better than they 'd been a few months ago , but they still weren 't quite settled .
tr	NN	An old-fashioned record player in the front of the aged ballroom attempted to play a scratched album of tunes from the fifties .
tr	NNS	" There are so few chances to do any kind of good in this job , but the medicines will reach the good doctor 's hospital . "
tr	NN	" Fair warning , " the clown shrugged .
tr	NN	" No kidding , " the author said , " I 've completely run out of ideas for this story .
tr	NN	Here must be their history , their ancient sciences , their lost art , all recorded in gold .
tr	NN	There is a tap on my passenger side window .
tr	NNS	His instincts told him she was far too docile .
tr	NNS	Looks like I chose well .
tr	NN	The author of the text they 'd studied seemed to think that it had myriad uses .
tr	NNS	" The rockets are causing the water to boil . "
tr	NNS	Luc 's fingernails dug into his palms .
tr	NN	The nearest ghoul was the closest threat , but not the greatest opportunity .
tr	NNS	Reyes held her gaze , his nostrils flaring .
tr	NN	How big is the gap ? "
tr	NNS	Flames shot up into the sky and she turned to run , but scaled forearms grabbed her around the waist , pulling her close .
tr	NNS	Inside , Nicola 's instincts were churning .
tr	NN	The intern wheeled his gurney inside .
tr	NN	The partner is in with him right now I believe , and he should be calling the associate any moment .
tr	NNS	The media loves to hype up my life .
tr	NN	The gunfire drowned out his words .
tr	NN	His chest was bare , his shirt slit open along the right side where claws had torn it apart , along with his skin .
tr	NNS	Slowly their movements became erratic then finally stopped .
tr	NN	The dragon was more like solid brick .
tr	NN	A leader can 't always do what they wish , even if the waters seem too welcome to resist .
tr	NN	When no answer came to his repeated knocking , the inspector let himself in using the key Mrs. Marsh had lent him .
tr	NN	Today , the moron hid behind a pair of shades , but he had the sense to keep his distance .
tr	NNS	The most popular colors would be ivory , champagne , and light metallics , but white is a must . "
tr	NNS	Hundreds , no , thousands more Scots wait , their pikes still up in tight formation and bright against the sun .
tr	NNS	Doors to ballroom upon ballroom lined the hall .
tr	NN	Your patrons will be curious , but they won 't look too hard .
tr	NN	" No offense , but I 've already got my - " " No . "
tr	NNS	" No surprising changes , one giant continent , teaming with life . "
tr	NNS	All her classmates had gone home and she was the only one left .
tr	NNS	At first , its origins felt unusual and -- for a man who had never been stabbed before -- deeply foreign .
tr	NNS	" Police , " screamed one of the four officers behind them .
tr	NNS	Her weekly visits increased to several times a week .
tr	NNS	Elias groped for another way to get the information Willow would demand from him .
tr	NN	A spotlight flared and flooded the top of the steps .
tr	NNS	His classes the only ones Andy really enjoyed .
tr	NN	My analysis gave me roughly one hundred and thirty-two possibilities .
tr	NN	The backseat felt delicious .
tr	NNS	And there were tales of Caleb Jones , as well . "
tr	NNS	Moses was surprised to hear this .
tr	NN	A switchboard operator came on the line , and Julia asked to speak to Abby Warner .
tr	NNS	Logan 's voice booms inside my head like the crash of an annoying cymbal .
tr	NNS	If the mirror doesn 't kill you , the effects are temporary . "
tr	NNS	Things got worse at that point .
tr	NN	In my world formality is everything . "
tr	NN	" The defense will accept number one . "
tr	NNS	These assailants were fighting six other warriors of much smaller stature , on foot .
tr	NNS	" These mushrooms let me remember her , but they block out everything else .
tr	NN	There was an open pavilion where they could relax in the shade of its roof , while they waited for the convening of the council .
tr	NNS	When he opened them to look at me , his pupils were enormous and his irises were rolling to the back of his head .
tr	NN	" Love is a beauty of life .
tr	NNS	Maks paused and sipped his drink .
tr	NNS	Her footsteps were light on the ground .
tr	NNS	The bridesmaids consisted of Claire , Suzy , Ava , and Emma .
tr	NN	Grief and anger swamped her .
tr	NNS	Her sobs started in earnest , and she gave up trying to hold them back .
tr	NNS	Images of priests chanting over him : memories of an awesome pain rising within , the pain of his bones reshaping .
tr	NNS	The chances of attending senior prom with him would go up significantly if I could somehow get him to ask me to the Christmas dance .
tr	NNS	What was it Dangerous Beans had said ?
tr	NN	Your uncle sent us to find you . "
tr	NNS	" My classes are good and nobody hassles me .
tr	NNS	Sweeping arcs took out monster after monster and didn 't allow any glowing eyes to get near .
tr	NNS	Angelus only looked angrier .
tr	NNS	Like Dawson 's pupils had been .
tr	NN	As the curtain finally rose , albeit after a series of false starts , the long awaited dance exhibition finally got under way .
tr	NNS	Her skates felt like lead weights , dragging her down .
tr	NNS	Pressure releases in my chest and confusion takes its place .
tr	NN	What an idiot he was .
tr	NNS	Its jaws opened slowly , showing a row of fanged teeth spilling greenish drool .
tr	NNS	Human siblings often left together .
tr	NN	A rustle of movement signaled Thomas ' emergence from his study .
tr	NN	A review may cost you a minute , but it may eventually help someone find his way home .
tr	NN	" What no voodoo inbuilt time sensor ? "
tr	NN	" Hmm ... " the secretary said .
tr	NN	The front page told the story of the incident all those years ago .
tr	NNS	There were thousands of records .
tr	NN	The mob looked on derisively .
tr	NN	Love punched a couple of buttons on his mobile , swore silently , and was about to give up when the picture scrolled into view .
tr	NNS	First , her eight cousins in San Francisco had all fallen in love .
tr	NNS	From the back of the room blasts of red came flooding towards us .
tr	NNS	Looks like we 're ready to roll .
tr	NN	As I did , the bookcase closed by itself again .
tr	NN	Part of me wanted to look away or cave to the pain , but I didn 't .
tr	NNS	The gunmen behind the center car turned on her .
tr	NNS	Waves of crystal blue water moved slowly across the lake .
tr	NN	" There 's enough infrastructure left to facilitate training .
tr	NN	And chaos had definitely erupted .
tr	NNS	Moses asked , assuming that the children must be out ' exploring ' again .
tr	NN	The young fellow looked around at his sniggering friends with a smugly self-congratulatory expression .
tr	NN	This factory was in early development so we weren 't positive we 'd be able to bring people back to life at that time . "
tr	NNS	His actions thus far imply he has no formal magic training either . "
tr	NN	A bout of murmuring enveloped the crowd .
tr	NN	My daddy would kill you . "
tr	NN	" The stake through the heart only paralyzes ; it does not kill .
tr	NNS	On the West monitor four figures were visible on the driveway .
tr	NNS	His protective instincts roared to life .
tr	NNS	Of course , any zombies inside the mortuary now knew he had arrived .
tr	NNS	" How are the negotiations going ? "
tr	NN	" Hey , Nick , " the trombone player called to him as he made it across and neared the entrance .
tr	NNS	The chains began to tug at her , pulling her forward , but she held her ground .
tr	NN	" Lieutenant Song , please begin rounding up a team to evaluate the condition of the arboretum .
tr	NN	Her belly bulged , festooned with drooping nipples .
tr	NNS	Mom 's sales pitch interrupted my Italian fantasy .
tr	NN	Chance waved as he went , and I followed him out .
tr	NN	My deep inhale did not go unnoticed by my family .
tr	NNS	So the fights finally began as programmed , but without the usual salute to the King , as he had not returned .
tr	NN	The crash came again and the nails on the door hinges came loose .
tr	NNS	Doors open at eight for visitors and it is located at the Clearwater School of Cosmetology in the Auxiliary room .
tr	NN	I hear the beast before I see it , a ferocious roar rattling the walls around us .
tr	NN	The deputy froze , cocked his head sideways and glared at Andy through thick sunglasses .
tr	NNS	Words poisonous as red ants swarmed the minds of village men with intent to paralyze with greed .
tr	NN	That art store that takes Ginny 's quilts .
tr	NN	" Whole setup looks like something out of Star Wars . "
tr	NN	She didn 't want to touch him , his electricity would only confuse her more .
tr	NN	The email was all she needed to spring her into action .
tr	NN	The fanfare ended ; the musicians struck up a cheerful tune .
tr	NNS	Bugs made his way over to the bar and retrieved a sealed bottle of brandy , which he promptly cracked open for communal consumption .
tr	NNS	Even his pitiful attempts to wipe the blood away had done little more than spread it across his face .
tr	NN	Part of him wanted to go talk to her right then , but it wasn 't practical .
tr	NNS	The rats , as one rat , moved forward .
tr	NNS	" Morning sweetheart , " Bugs coughed while taking a sip of warm tea .
tr	NN	A rare transport moved past the window outside .
tr	NN	Unable to go to the aid of his sister ship , the captain of the Carlisle witnessed the entire battle through his glass .
tr	NN	The lights twinkle and some heavy rock music plays so loudly I can barely hear the screams from inside the cages .
tr	NNS	The natural oak floors and 1940 's style kitchen disappointed only daddy , who had hoped for , " Some repairs he could do . "
tr	NN	A nervous flutter rose from her belly into her throat .
tr	NNS	The heated gusts of him breathing harder steamed through her damp hair .
tr	NNS	One second Reyes was on the far side of the room , the next he was at Aeron 's side , gripping the man 's wrist .
tr	NN	The paint is peeling from it , it 's old and it 's rusty , but it 's as familiar to me as my own hand .
tr	NNS	The wooden gates were large , but they closed surprisingly easily , responding to the combined strength of Tyler 's pirates .
tr	NN	A new resolve sets in .
tr	NN	There was a layer of tissue paper .
tr	NN	The attorney tipped his head toward Santa .
tr	NN	The squad leader studies the ground every few seconds , as the group makes their way through the forest .
tr	NN	The guitar player was just getting to the second chorus when Rowen stepped out from behind the front door .
tr	NN	The police scanner squawked again and he listened , then relaxed .
tr	NNS	But her boldness had nothing to do with his response as Dorian said , " I can 't . "
tr	NN	" Our working theory , " Luc said , " is that Michael Donovan was made a vampire mostly without his consent .
tr	NN	A sheen of sweat glistened on the young lord 's forehead .
tr	NN	An instinct bred into the wolf .
tr	NN	The red wig I had on was real hair and fit me like a glove , flowing nicely over my shoulders .
tr	NNS	" Things are going to be tough until I get this straightened out .
tr	NN	And bitch got what she deserved . "
tr	NN	His silken drawl suddenly became clipped .
tr	NN	Terror surged within her and suddenly the tent disappeared into a black chasm .
tr	NNS	My original three class members are still with me and we share a deep bond .
tr	NNS	Marius spoke up at once : " Is there nothing that can persuade you to stop ? "
tr	NN	Terror struck me as I thought of the only person who brought fear to the hearts of most immortals .
tr	NN	The trio , like animals caught out of shadow , awaited some act from the Giant .
tr	NN	The knight screamed in pain , removed his helmet and tossed it .
tr	NNS	Others cautioned of deer , grades , and curves .
tr	NNS	The gates started opening on their own .
tr	NN	The bodice was fitted and tight to my waist , and then it flared out in a large bell shape .
tr	NNS	Yes , the Society cats will have their claws out , but we don 't need to live in Society .
tr	NNS	The huts are in poor condition , some fallen in on themselves .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared as he looked down at her with so much intensity that she could hardly hold his gaze .
tr	NN	Static electricity surged through him , more than that , his body heated , shuddered .
tr	NN	Her rival -- Poseidon -- would delight in snatching up such a prize . "
tr	NN	The dead spider didn 't move , which meant that either he wasn 't faking it , or he was really , really good at it .
tr	NNS	Reyes massaged his jaw .
tr	NNS	His kisses seemed to render me stupid .
tr	NNS	The authorities will clamor for answers to questions I don 't want voiced , let alone answered .
tr	NNS	The receipts showed both of their names on an account and the dollar amounts she was depositing .
tr	NNS	The strands whirled upward through the channels in his chest and back in wider swings that reached over the water .
tr	NNS	The creatures were trying to create a stronghold .
tr	NNS	' What are a few measly thousands to you when you 're feathering your nest with Max Hart 's billions ?
tr	NN	At once the stench of rotting eggs mixed with decomposing flesh spewed into the still air .
tr	NN	The coin was good enough to keep his pockets filled .
tr	NN	The introduction of another man into the family brings fresh complications to the fragile peace established after Jude 's arrival .
tr	NN	A dusty brown leather stonemason apron draped heavily over the back of the swing .
tr	NNS	Obviously sitting spots aren 't a problem .
tr	NNS	There are some leftovers in the fridge , if you do get hungry .
tr	NNS	The leather seats are cool against the back of my legs .
tr	NN	The prophecy did say an incident would create an opportunity for great profit . "
tr	NN	' Here , ' Love said .
tr	NN	" I wouldn 't drag God into this , " the sergeant said absently as he shifted his attention to his other armpit .
tr	NN	A knee-jerk reaction Link could not control snaps his left hand around his sword handle .
tr	NN	The werewolf stared at me and didn 't change his expression .
tr	NN	Her chef still comes fer supplies , an ' he ain 't said anythin ' about her bein ' unwell . "
tr	NNS	My tentacles pull through the sand with little resistance .
tr	NN	After what seemed like hours the warrior turned and walked off a short distance and Sarah let out her breath .
tr	NN	There was a triple thunk as both door locks and the trunk lock unlatched .
tr	NN	The older pilot turned his face away , and his grip produced pain .
tr	NN	The notion was ludicrous .
tr	NNS	Small insects suddenly poured into the room .
tr	NN	Work on the show will have finished for the season .
tr	NN	There was a tap at the door , and Maya turned , yellow dress in place , hair still bundled in a towel .
tr	NN	The maneuver , which stimulated her both in front and in back , was driving her insane with wanting .
tr	NN	" Well ... goodnight Ari . "
tr	NNS	Questions mean safety . "
tr	NN	" And it " s so easy to have em , when your mind isn " t firmly on the job .
tr	NN	There was a stack of magazines on the bed in front of him .
tr	NN	A thin sheen of sweat coated his arm muscles and neck and his T-shirt was darkened in the center with perspiration .
tr	NN	After a few minutes the administrator said " At the start of the meeting he told me that his daughters are huge Katy Perry fans " .
tr	NN	" When does my daddy get home ? "
tr	NNS	These letters were a direct link to history , a personal connection to some of the most momentous events of the previous century .
tr	NNS	My nostrils flared so big with irritation that I actually saw them flare , in front of my face .
tr	NNS	The , uh ... drugs really messed me up . "
tr	NN	The vid ends then .
tr	NN	Then the steam began to part , flowing through the open door behind me .
tr	NN	" The spectral analysis isn 't quite right . "
tr	NN	A chuckle escaped Mr. Neville 's lips .
tr	NN	Soon , the second tractor pulled up with the rest of the picker 's pick and waited to unload .
tr	NNS	The front seats were spotless and carefully ordered .
tr	NN	Not the barren soil between the rocks that I 'd smelled so far , but fertile soil .
tr	NN	" Nay , ' t is just as we told you .
tr	NN	" Ok , it 's sort of appropriate isn 't it .
tr	NN	I returned my attention to Della , who was still sitting there , her body passive but her mind clearly engaged .
tr	NN	The workbench is metal .
tr	NN	" Your master is lying on the ground , gravely wounded , and all you can think of is your belly ? "
tr	NN	There was a little plop as he took the cork out of the little flask , and then he tipped my head back by force .
tr	NN	The dark amber of his eyes flashed showing how close his wolf was to the surface .
tr	NN	A magnificent waterfall cascaded into a clear and sparkling lake .
tr	NNS	Besides , my negotiations with the fey are not going as well as I would desire . "
tr	NNS	Dark creatures haunt our borders .
tr	NNS	Her footsteps seemed to march in time with the school 's " between classes " classical music .
tr	NN	A flashback of my grandmother giving it to me washes over me , and I feel horrible for even acting like it could be worth nothing .
tr	NN	Her mass of blonde curls covered her face as she let out a scream before ripping the man 's heart out .
tr	NNS	" Girls and aliens don 't watch gaming videos on YouTube , Dean .
tr	NN	" My master told me it is the original Board , a gift to us from the Old Creatures .
tr	NN	The growl sounded a lot more intriguing than fighting with obnoxious breath .
tr	NNS	But there was something menacing about him even in this menacing world .
tr	NN	" I ' l get to know Elena better , and I 'm sure I ' l like her .
tr	NNS	The possibilities are endless and this is only just the beginning .
tr	NNS	The parking attendants were still busy parking people 's cars who were arriving so they were able to retrieve Sal 's car quickly .
tr	NN	Like the main cavern above the room stretched the width of the ship .
tr	NN	The timely interruption diverted the flow of the conversation , allowing William to avoid commenting on Mary Ellen 's personal observation .
tr	NNS	" No objections , " Jonah gravely said .
tr	NNS	Air kisses follow as he bends down and awkwardly embraces me .
tr	NNS	According to him , many areas of the body have their own built-in programs for regrowing themselves if they 're damaged .
tr	NN	A Biloxi resort announced that it now served " Whites only . "
tr	NN	Love and kisses , Sugar Pie . ' "
tr	NNS	Eat enough fatty burgers and the inevitable will happen .
tr	NNS	Others in the room didn 't have such protection .
tr	NN	You ' l have to introduce me to Preston .
tr	NNS	Whenever she stopped touching him , all signs of life would vanish , but he never wept again .
tr	NNS	Her cronies caught me in less than a day .
tr	NN	The only illumination came from Colt 's desk lamp .
tr	NN	Simple as that and you can 't say no .
tr	NNS	As soon as we reconstituted on the other side , harsh winds and frozen snow chilled us to the bones .
tr	NNS	" Things happen for a reason , Kevin .
tr	NN	" Oh man , I thought I was late , " the student says as he spots us in the hallway .
tr	NN	" Reverend Serenity , " Captain Wisdom addressed her most formally , " Our 27th Legion is soon to be overwhelmed and its every soldier slain .
tr	NN	' The Masters never left ! '
tr	NN	The train 's shrill whistle blasted again .
tr	NNS	Violin bows jerked in surprise across the strings , producing a harsh cacophony of squeals .
tr	NN	There was a big-screen television she had personally bought for the club along with two gaming stations .
tr	NNS	Gramps cleared his throat , and I glanced up at him .
tr	NN	The cramp that had built up in his muscles started to recede .
tr	NN	A thin strip of light bled through the small part in the heavy drapes .
tr	NN	" This tradition has worked for hundreds of years , why change something if it isn 't broken . "
tr	NN	There is a faint bruise on my left cheek from getting slapped , and the rest of my bruises are covered up by my clothing .
tr	NN	A young Air Force captain strode in with a middle-aged man in a light grey suit .
tr	NNS	Apparently impromptu weddings were a big theme .
tr	NNS	Flames filled the back of the aircraft ; she could feel the heat .
tr	NNS	His fingernails and toenails tingled .
tr	NN	Her sash slipped unnoticed to the floor .
tr	NNS	The three not so wise detectives began to throw ideas around , stimulated by Prentice .
tr	NNS	Your organs will liquefy and piss from every orifice in your body .
tr	NNS	Disastrous consequences like uprisings and rioting can erupt if government alters or opposes culture .
tr	NN	Unfortunately , the diversion doesn 't last long , and my chest tightens painfully .
tr	NNS	There were a few wisps of clouds above me and they were painted red and orange by the sunset , and somehow green got in there .
tr	NN	Obviously , the left tank 's losing pressure . "
tr	NN	Only the stench of guano disturbed the tranquility .
tr	NNS	The creatures didn 't stand a chance and I was going to make sure they tasted my wrath to its full extent .
tr	NN	The raven snored gently on top of his skull , counting dead sheep .
tr	NN	The bard smiled sadly .
tr	NN	The bullet wasn 't in too far .
tr	NN	Maybe even a proper bard , if he 'd started when he was younger . "
tr	NNS	The images were confusing but not threatening .
tr	NN	The route at the ford was not complete .
tr	NNS	Anyway , the pink dolphins began to herd fish into the grotto so that I could learn how to feed myself .
tr	NNS	Reyes opened his eyes and crawled up her soft body .
tr	NN	A hundred ( exactly ) yards away , the Bergamo end zone was gold and black .
tr	NN	The unknown predator took the bait .
tr	NN	A stylist was the one person you could pour out all your secrets to .
tr	NNS	Little wisps of smoke still lifted off ugly bald patches and the smell of burnt rubber was overwhelming .
tr	NN	Summer 's grandmother cut in to ask , " He never told you ? "
tr	NN	Any containment of that quarantine zone would be impossible .
tr	NN	Dressed in black robes , the Druid priest had looked down upon him and smiled cruelly .
tr	NN	There so often is , mate . '
tr	NNS	The boat shudders to a stop and I look up .
tr	NNS	The thuds came closer .
tr	NN	" My hip throbs dreadfully . "
tr	NN	This gap worries me because the street grapevine could scupper the whole thing .
tr	NN	A clear vertical tube ran from floor to domed ceiling on his right .
tr	NN	" And to be excited about the miracle of life , even if it meant your husband 's death , would not be a sin , either .
tr	NN	The suturing gel filled the gap of the wound and the raw flesh tingled .
tr	NNS	Hephaestus scanned her and was about to speak when she added , " I 'm not injured . "
tr	NN	The common assessment was , " You can depend on Hap . "
tr	NN	The air assault was but the vanguard of the ground offensive .
tr	NNS	" Green apples never give me a stomachache .
tr	NNS	The emptiness of the cavern , the sterile quality of the air , surprised Lily , as though nothing had ever happened there .
tr	NNS	The hides he did not sell , Jurek forced her to sew into a gruesome cloak that trailed behind her on the ground .
tr	NN	The god 's scowl loosened slightly .
tr	NN	" The bastard who raped her managed to shatter the crystal chalice , didn 't he ? "
tr	NNS	The thin strands of hard , black stone twisted and curved their way down until they connected with the bottom section .
tr	NN	The plumbing hadn 't worked in a long time and the little bathroom had become a storage room of sorts .
tr	NNS	Out beyond those stars yawn the gulfs from whence my mindless mistresses have sent me .
tr	NNS	Witches and demons use them but demons shouldn 't . "
tr	NNS	The creatures she saw weren 't Vampires , but she wanted to keep an eye on Fiero nonetheless .
tr	NN	Their Prince had clearly lost it and everyone had received the memo .
tr	NNS	His kisses turned more passionate , too , with no intention of stopping soon .
tr	NN	His uncle had taught him well .
tr	NNS	The healers could not tell if it was the sickness beginning or the sight of her dead husband that caused her to miscarry .
tr	NN	Her taco salad really was good , now that she paid attention to it .
tr	NN	' The bulldog 's bark is definitely harsher than his bite . '
tr	NN	And her noose still tight enough she couldn 't call for help .
tr	NNS	Kris managed to splutter out through his laughter .
tr	NN	The stench of unspeakably filthy dogs and the byproducts thereof , was overpowering in here .
tr	NN	There was a clear strip of tape covering both their mouths , and tears had stained red tracks down Laila 's cheeks .
tr	NNS	All his instincts went on full alert .
tr	NN	Remote and fertile , a wooden , lifeless hearth goddess made suddenly real .
tr	NN	The window ledge was low , supporting a large filthy window .
tr	NNS	Yet , those speeches produced no effect on the workers blinded by a need for power .
tr	NN	" I 'm fascinated by your ability to adapt to a hearing loss , " the priest said . " '
tr	NNS	My instincts told me Colette was a good person .
tr	NN	Once he 'd recovered , he turned to Troy to supply answers , the same way Faith had moments earlier .
tr	NN	Thanking her , the maid bobbed a curtsy , then exited the room , leaving Anthony alone .
tr	NN	Part of me really wanted to end it all , to stop burying the pain inside me , but part of me was scared of the what-ifs .
tr	NN	The captain was looking at Dud sternly .
tr	NN	The core was the familiar Aon of healing , but there were dozens of lines and curves at the sides .
tr	NNS	" No worries , Soph , " he whispered in my ear , soothing me almost immediately .
tr	NN	Her hatred for the men who used her , and Titian before her , turned to ice .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of how the last time Gabriel visited me in the afternoon flashed through my mind .
tr	NN	His accent was clearly that of the English establishment .
tr	NN	Its tail had a jagged hook on the end and its claws looked sharp enough to rip a tree from the ground .
tr	NN	Periodic icing had reduced the swelling and , aside from the broken skin , his ankle looked close to normal .
tr	NN	Some miracle might have produced it , yet the stages of the discovery were distinct and probable .
tr	NN	The fellow came pushing into the thicket , making a great deal of noise .
tr	NN	The surveillance came in crisply , although he had to adjust for light .
tr	NN	Their clothing shimmered with riches , their pale faces were pure , but it was more ... something more that identified them ... Their very essence .
tr	NNS	His attempts to call Ilya and Ivan were unsuccessful and went straight to voicemail .
tr	NNS	The bouts with his disease grew stronger every day and the messiah 's ability to focus dwindled in direct proportion .
tr	NNS	As were his warriors .
tr	NN	The compulsion to thrust overtook him , and she responded with a guttural moan that said she liked it .
tr	NNS	Two long rows of people stood , backs to the walls , stretching down a hallway .
tr	NNS	However , two colours prevailed over the others : a light pink and a pale blue .
tr	NNS	There plain for all to see were the footprints of two hobbits , one somewhat smaller than the other .
tr	NN	Some instinct insisted that she concentrate .
tr	NN	With the arrival of that line to shore our determination slackened .
tr	NNS	On the ground nearby , two dark figures lay , one pinning the other to the ground .
tr	NNS	Flames sprung up with a series of dry pops as bubbles of sap in the wood burst .
tr	NN	And get this , a runner just went missing yesterday . "
tr	NNS	Most hotels have them to purchase .
tr	NNS	The middle-sized rats appeared before the entrance .
tr	NNS	The gates thumped closed .
tr	NNS	The negotiations finished as Dip called for silence .
tr	NN	There was a challenge in his words .
tr	NN	Horror and panic etched Riley 's face .
tr	NNS	The interviews began , and his hopes dwindled .
tr	NN	" Get up and back in line , " came the command from the guard .
tr	NNS	Plus , teachers usually tend to call on people in the front of the class .
tr	NNS	Also there are the official claims that these were the result of temperature inversions , and how these came about .
tr	NNS	called out Coral , as his mount tried to regain stability without crashing into whatever invisible barrier they were up against .
tr	NNS	If Jack was married , the shares his mother left in trust would become Jack 's outright .
tr	NN	The first option carried disappointment and shame , but the second carried personal guilt .
tr	NN	On the third day , dawn crept across the starry ceiling .
tr	NN	Like a mirage , the clearing eluded her .
tr	NNS	Questions tumbled through her mind , but the warm stone at her back and the sunshine on her face soon put a stop to the questions .
tr	NN	" Excuse us , Prince , " the maid said .
tr	NN	A good EOD agent would .
tr	NNS	Even the creatures of the night , sensing the coming day had gone to sleep .
tr	NN	There is a hierarchy among smugglers ; drug dealers are the bottom feeders of the profession .
tr	NNS	" The horde downstairs bought this for you .
tr	NNS	Two more sessions of walking brought no end .
tr	NN	" Love like that . "
tr	NNS	The chills and goose bumps the topic provided were exhilarating .
tr	NNS	Tavi 's instincts screamed at him to take the offensive and drive the fight off the rooftop , but he knew it would be a deadly mistake .
tr	NNS	And what was millions to a man who thought in billions ?
tr	NNS	The old images I 'd used returned to me , as fresh as if it were yesterday .
tr	NN	" This bullet ... My chest feels ... like it 's on fire . "
tr	NN	" That 's true enough , " the chaplain added .
tr	NN	There was no proof that it was from him .
tr	NN	The warp and weft strained to hold together .
tr	NN	The lord of the manor was inspecting his holdings .
tr	NNS	Words would need to suffice to subdue this mutinous talk .
tr	NN	The follower , like a big , heartless child tugging the white slip over her head .
tr	NN	The incessant beeping made her squint as she climbed up the stool .
tr	NNS	All new recruits are to convene in the Physical Training Arena in two minutes .
tr	NNS	The experiments couldn 't be going well though .
tr	NN	Her jab did jumpstart my brain , however .
tr	NN	" A death sentence is over the top for their crime , don 't you think ? "
tr	NN	An aura of subtle blues , pinks and greens radiate from his being .
tr	NN	the minion asked him , still huddling there on the middle dais steps .
tr	NNS	How could the rats kill them all ?
tr	NNS	A million different possibilities flitted through my mind as the prospect of him dying soared throughout my thoughts .
tr	NNS	Bugs are slow but methodical when they work , and they would have left no centimeter unexamined .
tr	NNS	My instincts screamed for me to take a step back , but I refused .
tr	NN	A dart burst from the gun and lodged in Connor 's throat .
tr	NN	The appreciation in her sister 's voice jammed a shard of fear into her chest .
tr	NN	After this , another agent stepped forward .
tr	NNS	What were the chances that fate would gift him with another woman who was even close ?
tr	NN	Another bout of dizziness took over and she dropped that train of thought .
tr	NN	" Ok , so now I understand why I shouldn 't have interrupted the trial .
tr	NN	The poet needed a larger outlet than the Violet 9 , and Hank wasn 't ready to move on .
tr	NN	Connor 's posture sunk .
tr	NNS	There were three footsteps , very close together , the floor creaking like a shot , and then the shoe was snatched from Gansey 's hand .
tr	NN	The writing had vanished .
tr	NN	Another stimulation , she thought .
tr	NNS	The improvements worked , and Richards never got closer to combat than a laboratory in Santa Monica .
tr	NNS	Lots of great food , smiling faces , laughter .
tr	NN	The raven leapt into the air . '
tr	NNS	Sirens , then , he had never encountered .
tr	NN	This umbrella is full of holes . "
tr	NN	The dragon gets closer and Franks suddenly pulls the trigger as the cannon shoots the dragon right in the face .
tr	NN	The guilt was eating him up .
tr	NN	The tail actually flicked its tongue , arching over the dog 's back to stare at us .
tr	NNS	These changes have a purpose , and you and I are meant to be together .
tr	NN	" A gentleman would let the lady win ! "
tr	NNS	" Honey , all the shifters are changing .
tr	NNS	Just as no two paintings are the same , even if painted in the same style . "
tr	NN	He couldn , t look at her .
tr	NN	Would his uncle ever tell him everything ?
tr	NNS	Timothy grins and says , " Actually , I 'm a first year medical student . "
tr	NNS	Lots of Nephilim do .
tr	NNS	After my sire was murdered , lovers gave me the protection other vampires took for granted .
tr	NN	The soothing roar of the engine was like the strings of a well-played violin .
tr	NNS	Nerves flutter through me just thinking about it .
tr	NN	A hunger that I felt , but ... His gaze collided with mine , and now his pupils were completely vertical .
tr	NN	Her beloved uncle , whom she 'd loved as a child , but who didn 't seem to recognize she was growing up when she reached puberty .
tr	NN	The weeping grew louder .
tr	NNS	Thank God vampire bites weren 't deadly to his kind .
tr	NN	Storm is on her knees in front of Mia in a second .
tr	NN	No more alligator handbags .
tr	NNS	The speeches were winding down .
tr	NNS	Proper feeding pools meant that their charges wouldn 't become accustomed to taking food from human hands .
tr	NN	Jack raised his eyebrows , amused at my comment , a devilish cocky smirk on his face .
tr	NNS	The two ladies sat cheerfully drinking tea while Cloud was on his feet demonstrating another boxing tournament as Lee looked on laughing .
tr	NNS	Cassius must have felt my muscles tighten as if he knew my every thought .
tr	NNS	Outside , there were signs of a struggle , and the pavement was stained with blood .
tr	NN	No other squad will have them anyway . "
tr	NN	The city folk did not stand a chance .
tr	NN	My adrenaline was racing again and I determined to hold on if nothing else .
tr	NN	Jed 's observation was mild , but it made me wonder just how tired I looked .
tr	NN	' Have no answer to that , ' Love said .
tr	NNS	Others drifted to one place or another on pieces of the ship 's debris , and still others were simply never to be heard from again .
tr	NN	A chuckle flowed around the room ; some of the tension faded .
tr	NN	Neal teaching Alice how to make Jiffy Pop .
tr	NN	Where 's the other wheelbarrow ? "
tr	NNS	My bag lands loudly on the floor as I drop it down , and I take a deep breath before turning back to him .
tr	NN	The author never subscribed to that , but was interested in the data presented by Jim Marrs in his book Alien Agenda , Harper and Collins 1998 .
tr	NN	His principal goon , Vincent , was standing behind him .
tr	NN	The chiding in his voice snapped her last straw .
tr	NN	Part of her didn 't even want to .
tr	NNS	His facial expressions changed often , and he drew his brows tight over his eyes while his lips pressed together .
tr	NN	The Creator , who is this Creator ?
tr	NNS	The elves held the ropes taught , their strength surprising for their youthful stature .
tr	NNS	Sirens shrieked and lights flashed .
tr	NN	His boyish charm could make the Queen blush .
tr	NNS	As a result , her grandmother 's scrambled eggs tasted like rubber .
tr	NNS	The dampness of the morning had burned off , but the ground was still soggy .
tr	NN	Opening three days early twisted as a warning in his bowels .
tr	NNS	Lots of bulletproof glass , small apertures to speak through , and stainless steel trays let into the counter where documents could be transferred .
tr	NNS	Our prayers are a fortress .
tr	NNS	The wolves had made a truce with him long ago .
tr	NNS	" What are her skills ?
tr	NNS	More shocked expressions and tears stared back .
tr	NNS	Others had surrendered and were being tied up to the railings .
tr	NN	Who is the escrow agent ? "
tr	NN	No active partner bills less than sixty a week - most of it at the maximum rate . "
tr	NN	Fearing he may lose advantage gained , the old runner set off on his penultimate circuit with renewed vigour .
tr	NN	But the diary didn 't give him the answers he was looking for .
tr	NNS	" The gnomes have much reason to fear us .
tr	NNS	Things became much easier when you had a clear sense of the benefit to be had for taking someone out of action .
tr	NN	His tribe lived in grass huts , built inside the earth .
tr	NN	The ritual controlled him .
tr	NN	Or did that prophecy refer to the dead walking , as they did already ?
tr	NN	But instinct is a bitch .
tr	NNS	Some household appliances like microwaves and telephones will transmit frequencies this finder can detect .
tr	NN	His first instinct was to somehow kill them , but they had only been doing what they needed to do to survive .
tr	NNS	Who are your suspects ? "
tr	NNS	No shyness , only desire .
tr	NN	" Oh , great gods Jupiter , Juno and Minerva , " the chief priest shouted .
tr	NN	Only the particular runner I 'm trying to attract today will really notice .
tr	NNS	" Things would be so much easier if you were alone .
tr	NNS	The other wolves , hearing , came close , protecting the pup .
tr	NN	With a last desperate attempt the wraith struck out , knocking Lucien 's head fiercely against the door .
tr	NN	The psychiatrist placed a hand on his shoulder .
tr	NNS	Nihil runs towards the barricades , disappears behind a heap of rubble ; three shots in a row .
tr	NNS	The members of Black Diamond had never liked me .
tr	NN	Suddenly , the theory his grandfather had told him of his great uncle 's disappearance , was looking more plausible .
tr	NNS	Looks like you were just grazed .
tr	NNS	Flaming brands appeared over the brink and clustered thickly at the breach .
tr	NN	His widow had guessed that perhaps he had found out that he wouldn 't be needed after all .
tr	NNS	The duchess lifted her brows and smiled .
tr	NNS	Hands grip harder to draw more power .
tr	NNS	Looks like sunset 's only a few hours away .
tr	NN	" The kindergarten teacher had her baby , but the administration hasn 't named a replacement yet .
tr	NN	Within moments , the tip of his bald head had sunk beneath the crest of the dune .
tr	NNS	These philosophers , I mean . "
tr	NNS	Shouts came from the bar .
tr	NNS	The horns had increased in frequency since dawn .
tr	NNS	Drake 's nostrils flared as the scent of warm , fresh blood filled the air .
tr	NN	An angel coming out of the opening sky , floating down on the sun 's rays to tell Josh he 's in danger of going to hell .
tr	NN	The knight backed to a nearby tree and leaned his weight upon it .
tr	NNS	The implants will guard them both .
tr	NNS	Delores and I nodded .
tr	NN	The founder of a dynasty is usually vigorous and gifted , but as the centuries roll by , his successors become progressively less so .
tr	NN	An eyeball had popped out in the process and was eagerly absorbed by the attached electrical cord .
tr	NNS	Things could have gone worse .
tr	NNS	There are literally endless planets in the multiverse , and quite a lot of them have beings that have all sorts of abilities .
tr	NN	Nate Highsmith 's Texas twang broke the air and her concentration .
tr	NN	To my surprise , the Anderson pack leader - Connor Anderson - had arrived with the Alliance , along with his sister Gracie .
tr	NN	The rope was swiftly playing out .
tr	NNS	Gramps raised his hand before quickly adding , " I know you ladies like to think that we can read your minds , but we can 't .
tr	NNS	The swirling colors project onto the floor and wash the room in dazzling and beautiful lights .
tr	NNS	Their expressions were grave , their voices hushed and serious .
tr	NNS	The clowns left , disappointed .
tr	NN	The language which humans created and used in societal conversations naturally imbibed this primeval negativity .
tr	NN	" Our daddy died an hour ago . "
tr	NN	Her badge said her name was Cindy .
tr	NN	' Let 's probe around a bit before we go blundering in .
tr	NNS	There are always anxious mothers too .
tr	NNS	Others can go for a bigger plug while others can 't .
tr	NN	There isn 't any infection yet .
tr	NNS	And , indeed , though they had a great advantage of numbers , the mercenaries looked terrified .
tr	NNS	Thoughts raced through my head suddenly .
tr	NN	Tell me , were you so considerate of your Roman brothers ? "
tr	NNS	The twins were the only ones who watched television .
tr	NNS	The companions lowered themselves to the natural bed and , as usual , leaned against each other to rest .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , even Asher 's mad acting skills couldn 't get us past the guards blocking Dr. Avery 's office .
tr	NN	" Ok , you , " she pointed at the female TED , " Go get me a suit like yours . "
tr	NNS	My changes aren 't big .
tr	NN	A soft drawl breaks my trance .
tr	NNS	Odysseus winced as the hall erupted in shouts .
tr	NNS	" How are the tours going ? "
tr	NN	A cough tore my attention away from him , and I looked up to see James lingering near the doorway .
tr	NNS	There are no restrictions on this case .
tr	NNS	Lights came on in the neighbouring house as we stepped onto the lawn .
tr	NN	Ze backdrop goes wherever we do . '
tr	NN	A blaring siren cut over the clamour of the docks .
tr	NNS	Two dark figures stood out in the center of the frozen water .
tr	NN	There was an archway there that she hadn 't noticed before .
tr	NNS	But mercenaries do not fight with the same vigor as well motivated troops .
tr	NNS	Sometimes androids do that . "
tr	NNS	The spikes had completely crushed the throne and the tips had almost reached the ground .
tr	NN	A brief exchange of words from the hallway alerted Max to Caroline 's return .
tr	NNS	His footsteps grow louder the closer to the bathroom he gets .
tr	NNS	Alexis calls out cheerfully , announcing her reentry into the studio , not even caring that she 's interrupting the number .
tr	NN	A standard Glock didn 't have an external safety .
tr	NNS	Looks like some sort of sports area . "
tr	NN	There was the weakness he was looking for .
tr	NN	This chick was cool .
tr	NNS	" Love apples , " Rachel said absently .
tr	NN	Hopefully her uncle wouldn 't be too mad .
tr	NNS	Girls like it when you go all honorable on 'em .
tr	NN	Then the dark belly of the Havoc streaked overhead at treetop level .
tr	NN	There 's a huge range of gifts out there , and some of them are more powerful than others . "
tr	NN	" My great-grandmother , " Owen replied .
tr	NN	Part of me was still furious .
tr	NNS	That the caresses , the kisses , the whispers of " I love you " were all an act to acquire my complete trust .
tr	NN	And that bitch always gets what and who she wants . "
tr	NN	The rider took off his helmet , emblazoned with a white skull and crossbones , unleashing shoulder-length jagged purple hair with black undertones .
tr	NN	The live thug fought back all the harder as I plunged my spikes into his face and chest .
tr	NNS	Lights glow inside translucent black boxes .
tr	NN	The studio erupted around her in a babble of questions .
tr	NN	Yet his boot struck the hatch that his sword pinned down , and the tile was so wet that his legs slipped out from under him .
tr	NN	A bullet fired from his 9mm would surely be fatal .
tr	NN	" When is your equipment going to get here , so you can start your search for other entrances ? "
tr	NNS	" Things didn 't go like I 'd hoped . "
tr	NNS	The images fall away as I blink and try to open my text messages .
tr	NN	A vicar masquerading as Captain Ahab , thought Matson , although he was enjoying every second of the battle .
tr	NN	His secretary brought refreshments then left to copy the documents .
tr	NN	Link shouted before he could stop himself .
tr	NN	The stove and refrigerator Mara had ordered arrived on schedule .
tr	NN	Ghost , Kittie , Jaffe , and Mandalay , the only other female , were facing me .
tr	NN	As Sarah realizes what 's coming , the nausea returns .
tr	NN	The impromptu tour took all of two minutes .
tr	NN	The shrieking started when some of the bad vamps and werewolves pulled out crossbows loaded with wooden arrows and started shooting .
tr	NN	The sedan provided a smoother ride than the Tahoe .
tr	NN	Learning wisdom isn 't easy . "
tr	NN	Her grandmother widened her eyes as she took the cell .
tr	NNS	Looks like a perfect cover to me .
tr	NN	Every full belly in the hall churned at the thought of Odin 's hunger and thirst .
tr	NNS	The newly loyal members of her pack , including her subdued brother , rose and followed at a respectful distance .
tr	NN	" No darling , sit down .
tr	NNS	Her fingernails burned into Ivan 's skin .
tr	NNS	Those materials wouldn 't hold up under the long term use of any building and could cause injuries .
tr	NNS	There were no fireworks in his chest ; he felt empty and cold .
tr	NN	Then , the hunt would begin .
tr	NN	Because the fug folk don 't allow anyone else to fix the boilers , or any of their equipment .
tr	NN	Part of our success in getting around difficulties has been the presence of men in armour .
tr	NNS	All the characters and events portrayed in this book are fictitious , and any resemblance to real people or events is purely coincidental .
tr	NN	" And if by some miracle we managed to get around his heightened security and succeed , the government would live on without him .
tr	NN	The dragon chuckled at his little pun , and the notes sent shivers through the crew and cast alike .
tr	NN	" Why is a Russian agent following me ? "
tr	NN	His T-shirt looked as well worn as his jeans , except it didn 't have any holes in it .
tr	NN	The pup 's tail wagged in earnest .
tr	NNS	There are techniques you can use that will help you to maintain your garden , and so many of them should happen outside of the bedroom . "
tr	NN	The family diplomat , she always tried her best to soothe over arguments and hurt feelings .
tr	NN	The television over the bar was showing a baseball game .
tr	NNS	The containers are too heavy for her . "
tr	NN	The adrenaline wore off and Tom shook as he realized how close to death he had come .
tr	NNS	Dragons mated for life .
tr	NNS	Sadness fills his voice .
tr	NN	The night chorus rose , missing Sam 's plaintive voice but gorgeous nonetheless .
tr	NN	" Even mediocre folk like me get celebrated for a night . "
tr	NNS	Three pairs of eyes questioned my sanity .
tr	NN	A thud vibrated through the wall as though a giant bolder had rammed into it , and I jumped .
tr	NN	The comfort factor she found so important had always been there , and that was something she could count on , and so could he .
tr	NNS	" Your ancestors have been able to heal others with their hands for hundreds of years .
tr	NNS	Even his two cousins , Mats and Klara , were anxious to show him how much they were pulling their weight .
tr	NNS	His thick blond locks dropped casually over one ice blue eye .
tr	NN	There was a thud as he closed the outer door and locked it shut .
tr	NN	A vicious slit stretched across his right cheek ; Thomas could see teeth through the raw , festering wound .
tr	NNS	The roads are a mess and several times I had to get off and lift the bike over a crack in the asphalt .
tr	NNS	And were both mothers in it ?
tr	NN	His libido was on hold indefinitely .
tr	NNS	But more evil warriors found them , battling them until they no longer felt safe there .
tr	NN	Part of me wanted to stomp Browning 's miserable ass into a paste and feed him to the crocs . "
tr	NNS	Your fans deserve answers from you . "
tr	NN	There was no pretense in her tears when they exhumed her cousin 's body , placed it in an ugly black bag , and carried it away .
tr	NNS	The werewolves were searching the floor above them .
tr	NNS	How many millions of people were there in Paris ?
tr	NNS	Anxious chills squirmed through my body .
tr	NN	Chance walked ahead , apparently trusting me to deal with the situation .
tr	NNS	Lots of head shaking , some pointing up the road .
tr	NNS	Ahead , through the dark forest , sirens flashed .
tr	NN	" All the modern conveniences .
tr	NNS	The grasses bent and swayed ever so slightly .
tr	NN	The caller ID listed Sophia 's number .
tr	NN	The townhouse was getting quite crowded with everyone here .
tr	NNS	Three figures waited in the hall , blocking their exit , lights pulsing around them .
tr	NNS	The seats were silky expensive looking leather .
tr	NNS	Vibrant gold coins , so bright they shimmered , even in the dark .
tr	NNS	After that exchange , both boxers created distance , and the audience was left speechless .
tr	NNS	' The twins didn 't say .
tr	NNS	From behind them several small rats run out from the trees into the open , towards the water .
tr	NNS	" You losers messed up everything for me at home and I want you to fix it ! "
tr	NN	There was no higher honor in Nick 's mind .
tr	NN	The receptionist , noticing her strained face , smiled tightly and pointed a perfectly manicured nail towards the waiting area .
tr	NN	The second map shows the destination .
tr	NNS	" Why are seals winking at us ? "
tr	NNS	The tales he used to tell had become legendary .
tr	NN	Love did not always endure .
tr	NN	" Report status of all supplies once you get them aboard and inspected . "
tr	NN	Even though her mind was stuffed full of fear at the prospect of the masquerade tomorrow night , a quick pinch of nerves got her attention .
tr	NN	" The younger folk driven you out of the inner world have they ?
tr	NNS	Maris had seen the aftermath of Kiel 's " campaigns " all too often .
tr	NN	Ironically , her immortality was the making of Martinique 's own hands .
tr	NNS	Look , the vamps run the town .
tr	NN	You see , my revenge on you will be that this will forever be hanging over you .
tr	NNS	The characters are visiting Fisherman 's Wharf in San Francisco .
tr	NN	There is not a single wrinkle on her face .
tr	NN	Forever dusk and dawn 's a million years away .
tr	NN	A muffled boom sounded from somewhere far below , and the office shuddered .
tr	NN	Our leader shrugged disdainfully , and said , " You isn 't inspiring us with any dread .
tr	NN	But my sleep schedule hasn 't adjusted : I 'm still sleeping ten hours a night .
tr	NNS	Other insects grew fungus in gardens for food .
tr	NN	The cameraman can 't get a good shot of her face , but ... her costume looks great .
tr	NN	" I think we 'd all like to know , " said Tuck , and she swung down from the lowest branch , landing on her feet .
tr	NNS	Things seem so decided . "
tr	NN	The strong acidic stench of fresh leavings hung in the air .
tr	NNS	" Just like Diana means moon goddess . "
tr	NN	" It is as you said , no success shall go unpunished . "
tr	NN	The pilot came back around to turn upwind and landed the aircraft smoothly .
tr	NNS	" All right , the first time I found this island it was completely surrounded by the reef , the one ye 've all seen .
tr	NN	Part of me trusts him .
tr	NNS	The bone chains pulled and tugged at Spider 's flesh , and Fat Charlie could see the pain in his face .
tr	NN	The committee has found the shipper 's financials .
tr	NN	" Possibly , " agreed the superhero , surprising Derrick .
tr	NNS	Rats ran by his feet .
tr	NN	" A diary she keeps erasing , changing !
tr	NNS	Many outsiders would not stop to think that they might be about to kill the only heir to the throne .
tr	NN	The archway that it had been magnified to a degree so intense that I regretted the truth I 'd just spoken .
tr	NNS	Not all the members of my team are anchors .
tr	NNS	Looks like an angel .
tr	NNS	I want him to love me the way Hephaestus does , too .
tr	NNS	The edges of her mouth turned downward .
tr	NNS	Lots , really , except lately , he 'd been only getting it on with his hand .
tr	NNS	In the movies , villains always wanted to explain themselves .
tr	NNS	Comforting smells of tomato sauce and garlic swirled through the air .
tr	NN	Her pulse was still racing , and she felt lightheaded .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , those few wins kept me coming back .
tr	NNS	Those currents can whip you under quickly even with a life vest on and who knows where the kelp is growing .
tr	NN	How does this ritual work ? "
tr	NN	In 1895 , plumbing was available only in large towns , so even Durango would not have any .
tr	NN	Wounded Eagle 's uncle had been a good parent to him , always being slow to anger .
tr	NN	When they wake up the next morning , the milk is sitting on a shelf in the kitchen area .
tr	NNS	Still forty-eight floors was a long way .
tr	NNS	The board members weren 't aware of the fact that I retained a hard copy of that meeting , signed by both Morrison and myself .
tr	NNS	" Sorry , fellas , " Jarrett said .
tr	NNS	When you give off a smell like that , male wolves will come running .
tr	NNS	The effects of a push would affect the user as well as whatever it was used on , but he was prepared .
tr	NNS	There standing inches away from her was a large orange dragon .
tr	NN	The momentum of the fall rolled him to the side of the maintenance road and to the top of the embankment .
tr	NN	There was no aura around him .
tr	NN	The last patrons were slow to leave tonight . '
tr	NNS	His companions ate with gusto , drowning out the bland tastes with liberal quantities of vodka .
tr	NNS	If his instincts were right ?
tr	NN	" Transfer , " the second Healer said .
tr	NNS	The sandals she left by the bed .
tr	NN	" A werewolf , you know shapeshifters ? "
tr	NNS	" There are no guarantees .
tr	NNS	Images began to flicker through Cricket 's mind .
tr	NNS	Delores gave us both a resigned look .
tr	NNS	And there are thousands of missing children . "
tr	NN	His comrade replied , ' I think there 's someone behind us . '
tr	NNS	There were movements from several of the other mounds of furs as the others came awake .
tr	NN	A vegetable can 't sing . "
tr	NN	There was a determination about her .
tr	NN	The doorknob turned and I jumped .
tr	NN	The equipment looked ancient , but clean ; somebody had been here - presumably Kim - and had taken care to put everything in working order .
tr	NNS	The thirty members had each sent a delegation with three members .
tr	NNS	Muscles relaxed and loosened .
tr	NN	Meanwhile a maintenance van is parking in front of the skyscraper where the young man lives .
tr	NNS	Others sat pinned to the earth , flailed by their own spears .
tr	NNS	Marius got out of his dune buggy and slowly approached the house .
tr	NN	The teacher dropped her arm from writing on the Smart Board .
tr	NN	" Uh-huh , " the pilot said .
tr	NNS	Others remained , frozen with terror .
tr	NNS	Soft sobs echoed against the hard stone .
tr	NNS	Swallowed , the effects of pain relief came on after about half an hour and did not leave him with hallucinations .
tr	NN	The release had been mind-numbing , but perhaps all immortal sex was better .
tr	NN	The buggy came to a complete stop , both of the horsemen barely visible in front of it as dust clouded around the group for a moment .
tr	NN	The persistent snake struck him again on the leg , but it felt distant .
tr	NNS	His kisses really did have the power to change lives .
tr	NN	" The clown , " Stacy said gravely .
tr	NNS	The red leather bench seats were soft and the engine , when Garrett fired it up , sounded like the purr of a mighty beast .
tr	NN	Before he could answer , Daemon strolled down the aisle , his acute gaze drifting over Bethany 's upturned face .
tr	NN	The lack of sensation and movement ability that Markus is experiencing right now is temporary but will eventually become permanent . "
tr	NNS	But there are footsteps coming up the stairs .
tr	NN	The ferry banged into the dock ; stilled .
tr	NNS	Fresh grapes wait for us on a golden platter , and I lead Ares to the nest of pillows .
tr	NN	The gas tank was only about a third full .
tr	NN	The television switched back to Anna at the news desk .
tr	NN	Then her reflection disappeared , along with the shadows , leaving only the symbol .
tr	NNS	The palace servants overseeing these so-called festivities paid close attention to those who grew unruly , and escorted the offenders out before anything untoward could happen .
tr	NNS	Images of the woman he 'd known in the past were hazy , but recollections of what he 'd felt at the time were fairly clear .
tr	NNS	* The wedding was a blur of strange people , exotic smells and pulsing sounds .
tr	NN	Part of me speaks up , saying it 's her own fault .
tr	NNS	That the owls are warning her . "
tr	NNS	Looks like you 're staring at an oncoming train .
tr	NNS	Others began the descent towards the gorge and the safety from the fire that it represented .
tr	NNS	Dogs have evolved over many thousands of years alongside Man .
tr	NNS	There 's some unsavory types in the building . "
tr	NN	The sealing was complete .
tr	NNS	His judgments were always under scrutiny , always an eye watching .
tr	NNS	While werewolves heal notoriously fast , continued beatings will take their toll .
tr	NN	Apparently aged denim was a fashion statement - though I had no idea what statement it could possibly make .
tr	NNS	At that point the other assailants started to advance on Tasha .
tr	NN	My Master and I returned to the Vale not long after that , and I took up other studies .
tr	NNS	The harder Jenny tried not to imagine what Julian might do to them , the quicker the images crowded into her mind .
tr	NNS	" In your case , as you 've already learned , your physical abilities will become heightened .
tr	NN	Sometimes the reads are a little off . "
tr	NNS	Nerves smoothed with the first hints of anger .
tr	NNS	" All couples fight .
tr	NNS	Shouts of You 're it !
tr	NN	The same conviction he wanted her to eat , sleep and breathe .
tr	NNS	He stared at her , rendered wordless for one of the first times in his life .
tr	NNS	The tightness between my shoulder blades seemed to ease a little with his promise .
tr	NNS	IED blasts turn everything in their wake into projectiles .
tr	NN	The factory is amazing , and I am learning so much .
tr	NNS	" What are your ideas for this room ? "
tr	NNS	Others had tried running over the zombies and sheer numbers stopped them .
tr	NN	Then , the absence of cars makes it easier to run .
tr	NNS	The job losses since the election are accelerating . "
tr	NN	Your convention is today . "
tr	NNS	Your aunts have waited a very long time to meet you .
tr	NN	On der other hand ... a dwarf wouldn " t know one troll from another , right ?
tr	NN	With that , our teacher left Sector 7 all alone .
tr	NN	* * * CHAPTER 17 The blood has dried , leaving dark , tacky patches on the metal floor .
tr	NN	A bull fighter gracefully sidestepping a charging bovine .
tr	NN	The crate exploded showering them both in wooden shrapnel .
tr	NNS	Cracked computer screens and stacks of hard drives lay on the floor .
tr	NNS	Only those thick rods of metal separated their faces as he leaned in .
tr	NN	A healer can 't heal the wounds inflicted by another healer for several days , sometimes weeks .
tr	NNS	The flags were white with a golden crown above two crossed swords in their centers .
tr	NNS	Kris breathed out , stealing a glimpse of me .
tr	NN	The captain sat in the chair and motioned for them to sit on the emerald green couch .
tr	NN	The priest rubbed his greasy palms together .
tr	NNS	Don 't forget , trains also have sleeping cars for ... sleeping . "
tr	NNS	Most immortals waited centuries , even millennia to find a life mate .
tr	NN	Light and hope bloomed in his eyes ; they glowed with warmth and love .
tr	NN	The real trick is going to be to make certain others don 't get to her first .
tr	NNS	The trousers fit awfully tight too and were a tad short at the ankles .
tr	NNS	The visitors grew impatient .
tr	NNS	Its jaws were very strong . "
tr	NNS	Her belongings are much like an owner and pet relationship .
tr	NNS	Goss didn 't attempt to hide the interest in his eyes as he surveyed the bed-and-breakfast 's owner .
tr	NNS	Those four blasts meant " Fire , total involvement , Current Control sector . "
tr	NNS	When I swung back to straight , there was a face inches from mine .
tr	NN	A clamoring ensued with each delegate enthusiastically moving forward to add his name to the pact .
tr	NNS	The ghostly paintings on the wall taunted her : " Run away !
tr	NN	" No offense , but , I got to her .
tr	NN	Anyone skulking around is not here with good intentions .
tr	NNS	The teachers at school couldn 't win against Tuck .
tr	NN	There 's a hierarchy of command and the Inquisitor is near the top .
tr	NNS	Even in frigid temperatures , shifters lounged outside along the row of Harley-Davidson and Indian motorcycles that lined the pavement in front of the door .
tr	NNS	Alexis asks as she raises the blade to Emma 's throat .
tr	NNS	Words eluded me as Al left me with a kiss on the back of my hand .
tr	NN	The only other benefit was the potential for gleaning information that could help stop these killings from ever taking place .
tr	NN	Outside , the bright clothing of the populace blinded Brand .
tr	NN	There was a ramp for wheelchairs leading up to the front door .
tr	NN	Her chosen was a magnifying lens through which she hoped to better understand the aspirations of both good and evil creatures .
tr	NNS	Lots of the hands were limp .
tr	NNS	Others fell in the water , feet unable to find the bottom , and were swept up with the tide and taken out to sea .
tr	NN	The routine seemed practiced .
tr	NNS	Things were spiraling out of our control , but Logan didn 't hesitate .
tr	NN	Once the light had paled to shadow , Stanton and Kate peered forward into the void , the coast was clear .
tr	NN	Who 's our leader , now ?
tr	NN	A bright red pattern blossomed across Henry 's cheek , and at last he shook his head and came to .
tr	NNS	Cassius looked at Tina .
tr	NN	There were a multitude of reasons why I didn 't want him to touch me .
tr	NNS	Things like computers , paperwork , and suchlike .
tr	NNS	The space gates were portals connecting a star cluster to the seventy one others .
tr	NNS	Both items , however , implied that his mother didn 't think he could care for himself .
tr	NNS	37 Manfred ( looking both ways ) went back to his own place .
tr	NNS	Worried the grains of sand would shel ? "
tr	NN	The liquid was a bit thicker than regular water .
tr	NN	The gunman 's bullet had grazed his side , barely scraping him , while his own had sunk into the man 's right shoulder .
tr	NN	Each thrust was a new peak and my body tensed and let go each time .
tr	NN	Even the yard had turned into a jungle , and I didn 't doubt Mom had fired the lawn service I 'd hired for her .
tr	NNS	The hovering fairies also bowed their heads and Jared felt awkward .
tr	NN	That sneaky bastard was already creeping back into my head , consuming me , and my foolish heart just wouldn 't stop loving him .
tr	NN	The education was first rate but I had purposely gotten a degree in business to separate myself from any thought of a ministerial line of work .
tr	NNS	The tall metal gates guarding the entrance to the complex were hanging off their hinges when we reached them .
tr	NNS	Once the site was evacuated , thirty different cameras would provide coverage of the area .
tr	NNS	Three direct hits shattered what remained of the ship .
tr	NNS	Two more mech wolves emerged from the gloom and accompanied Nilo on his slow progress down the hall .
tr	NN	And lack of any records , really .
tr	NNS	His attempts kept me interested , and distracted .
tr	NNS	There are a few more disciplined members , and most are obedient when given proper incentive , be it advantages or threats .
tr	NN	The mob levied its fury on Mikey McGill as he fought his way toward the end of the pier to escape .
tr	NN	Lassiter looked to chuckle in response , his stifled smile showing her that he was happy to see her .
tr	NN	Hades 's massive three-headed guardian of the Underworld couldn 't hurt the dead , but Pollux wasn 't afraid of a dog .
tr	NN	The footman ran back to the door and immediately started yelling questions through the door while desperately trying to open it .
tr	NNS	His razor discs gather around him , humming with power .
tr	NN	The thong came off next , and then she was naked and on display for the two sexiest guys she 'd ever encountered .
tr	NNS	A few taps of his fingers across the keyboard disabled the surveillance on Ryder 's cell .
tr	NNS	Shopping centers are out as well .
tr	NN	His accent was much better than mine .
tr	NN	From denim pants , denim shirt , to denim jacket .
tr	NNS	And the wolves are more than just dogs .
tr	NN	Her teeth nipped , scraped , teased .
tr	NN	Fuel range with full tanks is 325 miles at optimum altitude , 12,000 feet .
tr	NNS	Normally , the movements of humans appeared very slow to her .
tr	NN	" A priest , obviously , " thought Mark .
tr	NN	His glamour flickered for the first time , his reptilian side clamoring to be seen .
tr	NN	" Morning Ellie . "
tr	NNS	Questions flooded my mind , but no answers bothered to push them away .
tr	NN	There wasn 't an inch of her body that he didn 't explore .
tr	NN	The enemy thinned and the remaining few realized they couldn 't win and backed up .
tr	NNS	" His clientele consists of seniors who are living on fixed incomes and hoarding their savings for the kids .
tr	NN	" It 's ... how she ... fights , " the dwarf wheezed , trying to breathe .
tr	NNS	The seats are so stiff .
tr	NNS	Girls , this is your sister Della , " Nile said , standing to my left .
tr	NNS	His instincts pushed him on and he knew when he found the right door .
tr	NN	The vows were in Italian , since this particular coven had its origins in the medieval Roman world .
tr	NNS	The wolves didn 't like to go out on the ice .
tr	NN	" Her reputation is going to spread and I don 't want my aunt to hear about this .
tr	NNS	By the shoreline , zombies made a buffet of our people .
tr	NN	Like five interceptions fol owed by a fumble .
tr	NN	By a quarter to ten in the morning all the resolve had leaked out of Lane 's body like he had accepted something inevitable .
tr	NN	Then , I went to the Light Shrine the building was based around , The Light Place .
tr	NNS	About half the cylinders on the old bus managed to achieve combustion , with the other half searching for fuel and spark .
tr	NNS	There were several varieties of wine on the list , not to mention cocktails .
tr	NN	Her agony was worse for him than his own , his rage at his impotence growing until he was consumed with it .
tr	NNS	" But no creatures on foot ?
tr	NN	The guilt still ate at him .
tr	NNS	Glowing LCD screens appeared as people used their cell phones to see their surroundings .
tr	NNS	Here , decaying factories and crumbling houses waited on the edge of urban renewal .
tr	NN	My captain had a fourteenth share .
tr	NNS	His own wrists ached in sympathy .
tr	NN	And apparently , " she says , pulling away to read from the screen , " the conflict is ongoing . "
tr	NNS	The images wouldn 't stop .
tr	NN	The diary fell from Gail 's grasp .
tr	NNS	Then why did those promises seem so impossible to keep ?
tr	NN	His divorce was really ugly and it cost him a pretty penny .
tr	NN	A rumbling came from above .
tr	NNS	" There are two types of teachers .
tr	NNS	Dark Spanish moss hung from the trees as the full moon , draped in clouds , reflected eerily in the black velvet waves of the water .
tr	NN	At least , the receptionist had not said he was dead .
tr	NNS	" My sincere apologies , sir .
tr	NN	His concentration was broke by the sound of heavy footfalls from outside of the room , getting closer .
tr	NNS	Engineering classes tended not to have many girls , and those they did have usually weren 't anywhere near cute .
tr	NNS	Bombing runs had turned the streets into twisting craters with sparks flying from the ground and geysers erupting from broken pipes .
tr	NN	The large jaguar missed and hit the ground just inches from her head .
tr	NN	The flashlight snapped off , and the heat of her arm became everything .
tr	NNS	What would more losses take from us ?
tr	NN	The lead rider spurred his horse forward and was quickly followed by his associates .
tr	NNS	And the sneakers themselves were sort of blurry .
tr	NN	A low chuckle rumbled from deep inside Tuck 's chest .
tr	NNS	The same villains who killed Aaron have tried to kill him .
tr	NNS	Squires appears to have a bright career ahead .
tr	NN	A creak broke the silence , coming from the stairs , but it was too dark to see anyone .
tr	NN	The pit of my stomach twists .
tr	NNS	Why did the deathly images keep replaying in her mind ?
tr	NNS	- - - - - - As soon as the gravedigger was out of sight two figures stepped from the shadows of the surrounding trees .
tr	NNS	Sting operations , raids , ambushes ... Aside from being strongly discouraged because of their inevitable attention-grabbing value , they weren 't in Alec 's repertoire .
tr	NNS	If Ty wasn 't already jaded by life , his missing persons and cheating spouses cases would leave him sour on romance .
tr	NN	" Those horses can pull us without a problem , " said the Prophet .
tr	NNS	Things that could only hurt him more .
tr	NN	Being an attorney , a very skilled one , meant that his father 's wishes wouldn 't stand in his way .
tr	NNS	Their movements were slow and awkward , as though they had not moved in a very long time .
tr	NN	Part of my contract with my client was that I would keep his identity completely secret .
tr	NNS	One blue fingernail taps on her flawless chin as she studies us , pausing for a moment on certain members of the vigilantes .
tr	NNS	Chicken strips would be good . "
tr	NNS	Others however looked nervous and were fidgeting around like school children being told off by the headmaster .
tr	NN	Emerson 's murderer had killed Clark .
tr	NNS	The cousins wormed their way through the crowd to the centre of the ancient church .
tr	NNS	All week the media are abuzz about the Writ but manage to stay on message that it is all tea bagger social treason and racism or worse .
tr	NN	The pattern of Egyptian sarcophagi on silk stared back with eerie voids for eyes .
tr	NNS	Cars slowly passed them as men , women , and children alike stared out their windows like watching a traffic accident .
tr	NN	Including telephone equipment and a full computer set up .
tr	NNS	The first blasts destroyed the lone Twin Otter on the ice .
tr	NNS	" The specifics of what happened or how he escaped are still uncertain .
tr	NNS	There were more mysteries to solve , more secrets to uncover .
tr	NN	* * * Isabelle : Happy Birthday I never told Gabe my birthday was coming .
tr	NNS	Names and faces were flashing through Dave 's mind .
tr	NN	What the hell is that chip doing in my brain ?
tr	NN	A loud whistle pierced Angie 's hearing .
tr	NN	Either option didn 't feel all that great .
tr	NNS	My instincts told me that he knew something he wasn 't revealing .
tr	NNS	Back and forth the zombies went as if former soldiers still fixated on a long-lost mission .
tr	NN	The crystal chandelier sparkles above the dance floor .
tr	NNS	On this western side there were fewer signs of the dragon 's marauding feet , and there was some grass for their ponies .
tr	NNS	A Proposal SEVERAL WEEKS LATER Cassie Things changed once the article came out with all of Vanessa 's revelations .
tr	NNS	Words to live by .
tr	NN	Impulsive and in de pen dent . "
tr	NN	A spider doesn 't have jaws - or teeth - so it can 't chew its food .
tr	NNS	Solange stopped abruptly and turned to face him , her movements uncoordinated , like a jerky puppet .
tr	NN	A puff of dirt poured down .
tr	NNS	Very crude , the blades had a rigid edge that , in most cases , seemed to cut like a set of teeth .
tr	NNS	The images in my head of those three dead girls didn 't help much , either .
tr	NN	" So , flattery doesn 't work .
tr	NNS	Nerves creep up my stomach and try to choke me .
tr	NNS	" Get downstairs or the fun will start without you . "
tr	NN	" Where 's your token ? "
tr	NNS	' Those jewels seem to be deeply involved in the children 's dreams .
tr	NN	Her weakness was already receding , as if he 'd shot a jolt of strength into her veins .
tr	NNS	Chapter Two Things start happening more quickly than I can even register , all of them occurring in a huge colorful blur .
tr	NN	There is no limit except the imagination .
tr	NNS	The couples she saw in the pack were always sweet together .
tr	NN	But there was no applause .
tr	NN	" That 's no excuse , " the senator replied .
tr	NN	If I could focus on the other , the heartbreak wouldn 't feel so bad .
tr	NNS	It was obvious that the events that came alive in his mind were disturbing him , images were vivid before his eyes again .
tr	NN	" The sheriff up in Colorado has finally figured out that Melba Thorn was murdered .
tr	NN	My hip is aching . "
tr	NNS	The colours of the sea and the sky changed constantly and inspired her .
tr	NNS	The creatures would probably keep sending one or two in at a time in order to keep three of the stronger fighters occupied .
tr	NN	The redhead spoke to her in a low voice .
tr	NNS	Sadness tightened his chest .
tr	NN	Gone are the hugs and smiles , the carefree love .
tr	NNS	All day long police and animal control cars patrolled the suburbs and school in case the wolves showed up again .
tr	NN	By the time she reached the lifts , Love had already forgotten their encounter .
tr	NN	" Right here , sweetheart , " I murmured , brushing a kiss across her lips .
tr	NNS	Some actors were in it for the fame .
tr	NN	Same sculpted cheekbones and chiseled jaw .
tr	NN	Your dragon is totally rockin ' the look , Skyler added , admiringly .
tr	NNS	There are three spires jutting up toward the sky .
tr	NN	His thick brown robe glided over the floor like a maple leaf pushed by a storm .
tr	NN	Her eyes were wide and darkened with a traitorous awareness when he slowly lifted his head to sweep his midnight gaze over her flushed countenance .
tr	NN	The inspector looked down again .
tr	NN	The trio acted the part of businessmen , but somehow they didn 't feel that way to him .
tr	NN	The studio had hired the talented Academy Award-winning arranger and composer Sid Ramin .
tr	NN	A tiny flutter of hope stirred like the life she looked forward to feeling move inside her .
tr	NNS	" Your paintings should be in a gallery . "
tr	NN	Stepping toward Todd , the beefy investigator caught the bat in his palm before the swing had reached full momentum .
tr	NN	I bothers no-one , an ' no-one bothers me . '
tr	NNS	There were no pools of mascara smearing underneath her eyes ; god knows a girl like Nancy wore falsies .
tr	NN	The spider webs he cleared with the spear .
tr	NN	" Alfredo on the trousers , water dumped on the mix , Sara 's breasts leaking through her dress , the valet scraped my car .
tr	NNS	The screens followed the ship as it accelerated and disappeared to hyperspace with a black flash in its wake .
tr	NNS	The vamps arrived immediately after .
tr	NN	A flash cove is our Rooster Charlie .
tr	NNS	Things aren 't going to calm down anytime soon .
tr	NNS	There were no stores of food , and precious little wood .
tr	NNS	Two years later , when we released a follow up album , sales soared and fans seemed to find us wherever we went .
tr	NNS	That was the cause , zombies had ruled the world .
tr	NN	" No offense , but you 're not getting on Runner .
tr	NNS	His thrusts became even harder .
tr	NNS	All her fears about the pregnancy and impending motherhood had gone away , and now she just felt excitement when she thought of holding her twin babies .
tr	NN	The bedchamber was warm and smelled of nature - wood and meadow .
tr	NN	" Where 's my window ledge ? "
tr	NN	There was an altercation . "
tr	NNS	A few weeks ago his biggest worries had been getting decent grades and perfecting his curveball .
tr	NNS	Something inhuman and monstrous about the statue that spoke of worlds and times far , far removed from this .
tr	NN	Seriously , the odour is so bad that I think my vision is being blurred ! "
tr	NNS	His movements are intensifying as he draws closer to his sworn enemy .
tr	NN	After a few moments , their teacher appeared in the doorway .
tr	NNS	SUVs , pickup trucks , even motorcycles .
tr	NN	But his pulse had slowed more with each passing minute .
tr	NN	The angel made a good point .
tr	NN	That single sentence spoke volumes .
tr	NNS	Many great warriors gathered around the battle pit , they were from all the tribes and they all waited eagerly for the challenge to begin .
tr	NNS	With the weigh-in done , both boxers dressed .
tr	NNS	Things seemed to weigh heavily enough on Gansey as it was .
tr	NN	" This prophecy of ours has nudged people a bit now and then .
tr	NNS	" No media , no drama , " Amanda confirmed with a sigh .
tr	NNS	The twins had never kept anything from each other and they weren 't about to start now just because they were about to be married .
tr	NNS	Cade 's buddies had started a game of pool and wanted him to play .
tr	NNS	Gramps mimics my set jaw , which makes me immediately pull mine back in .
tr	NN	How many low points can one career have ?
tr	NN	Part of the staircase still stood .
tr	NN	Her pinky touched his side and he shivered .
tr	NN	In its place was a yawning chasm breathing fire and smoke .
tr	NNS	A few kisses were all they 'd ever shared , and yet she wanted to throttle him .
tr	NNS	The ideas came only to be dismissed .
tr	NN	My stepmother and one of my best friends had been librarians .
tr	NN	A loud creak split the dead silence , as if to make my intrusion that much more obvious .
tr	NN	The warrior hadn 't long to mourn , as voracious ghouls closed in and bashed him in the helmet .
tr	NN	Did their justice lack all logic ?
tr	NNS	Barnabas moved , coming to sit beside me with a lot of space between us .
tr	NNS	His gaze searches mine , and it 's so intense that I have to break away .
tr	NN	But Elena 's euphoria was clouding her judgment , and she couldn 't control herself .
tr	NNS	" And , " the duchess continued .
tr	NN	An excellent hunter of all manner of difficult prey . "
tr	NNS	Then the letters stopped arriving .
tr	NN	That red Jeep of yours is easy enough to tell them apart .
tr	NN	" My lord , let me investigate .
tr	NN	When they reached the river , a beaming Alicia and her fireman , Jack , were waiting for them .
tr	NNS	Things were looking more than serious .
tr	NN	A feeding tube from a small purse sized bag rested beside the arm it was in .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared , the only sign that he was paying attention to me .
tr	NN	When the first model appeared , the applause died and the flashes began .
tr	NNS	Things no one could explain , no matter how much science you want to put on it .
tr	NNS	The few pennies saved on a tin of tea may not seem much in and of themselves , but over time the money saved will accumulate . "
tr	NN	A pulse of light flared within him , clearing his addled mind and allowing him to think straight .
tr	NN	Worse , her undertaking forced her to walk among the rowdy sailors mingling on the docks .
tr	NN	Her cancer had metastasized ; there was nothing they could do .
tr	NN	A faint blush seeped across her cheeks , and she dropped her face and chewed on her lip .
tr	NN	The robot video scanner moved left and right across the spacecraft hull .
tr	NNS	But the soft cushions of the sofa and his large , male body prevented her from moving .
tr	NNS	Images of my previous attackers flashed through my mind again .
tr	NNS	' The tests just came back from crime forensics .
tr	NNS	Green hills rolled under a sky layered with clouds , stacked like sheets of linen .
tr	NN	The superior glint in his smile made me uneasy .
tr	NNS	Images of Slade and Elena making love in his bed tortured her vision .
tr	NN	" Their indifference will cause a lot more to suffer and die than if they joined us . "
tr	NNS	In her mind images flashed of them together .
tr	NNS	Cooper kisses me sweetly and then starts singing , " Let it go , let it go . "
tr	NN	Where was the great Romeo player she 'd expected him to be ?
tr	NNS	Heavy footsteps crunched through the leaves .
tr	NN	The rider had the presence of mind to throw himself from the saddle .
tr	NNS	The detectives asked for a copy of the legal waiver that I had her sign prior to my treatments , and they left with that .
tr	NNS	" Families want sons to carry on the family name .
tr	NNS	There were hiking trails , and maybe if the beast connected with nature , it 'd calm down .
tr	NNS	" The limits of perception are as prescribed .
tr	NN	Before Will and Jem , a great curving staircase swept upward , toward the shadowy first floor .
tr	NN	The football came back to him .
tr	NN	The plant goes into its mouth .
tr	NN	And daddy was going to be a pirate .
tr	NNS	Reyes was close to hopping on a plane to New York , but knew he could not stray very far from Maddox 's side .
tr	NNS	Sadness settled over Eve , weighing her down .
tr	NN	Sin 's mane and tail were rippling unnaturally slowly , like they were in a high wind , but being filmed in slow motion .
tr	NNS	Elias threw the broken pool cue on the bar and walked around , grabbing himself a beer from the fridge .
tr	NNS	Even the technicians who had just put him together arrived in their exercise clothes and joined the group waiting for the exercises to begin .
tr	NN	Neither defense nor prosecution wanted to make a mistake .
tr	NN	Another explanation awaited us .
tr	NNS	Rivers and lakes covered most of the land , ranges of mountains and circles of plains and deserts dotted the spaces in between .
tr	NN	The theory forms slowly , but as it takes hold there is a certain weight that seems to follow it .
tr	NN	" And a new addition soon . "
tr	NN	Happy birthday Adam , " Wayne said and moved stray bangs from his eyes .
tr	NNS	" I knew it , " Bugs growled with relief , having already taken the extreme action he did earlier in the day .
tr	NNS	The creatures tumbled to the ground and began thrashing in frustration .
tr	NNS	Memories blurred into each other until they became a composite of seasons and scents , their origins obscured .
tr	NN	Especial y considering she didn 't know if vampires were dead or not .
tr	NN	The first footman still holding him let go , and Sam half fell into the hall .
tr	NN	The bushy brunette grinned and swallowed her mouthful of food .
tr	NN	The valet shrugged , as if to say " Whatever , man , " then climbed into the car and revved the engine .
tr	NN	The plant flinched from her touch , curling its leaves and rolling all its stems into a tight ball .
tr	NNS	Hands clamped on his wrists .
tr	NN	Every nerve in my body feels alive , with his tongue in my mouth and my sex unbearably stretched .
tr	NN	The balcony overlooked acres upon acres of flat , neatly trimmed grass , surrounded by a stone wall .
tr	NNS	Reyes had not proven himself to be evil .
tr	NNS	Words grew harsh , then calmed somewhat .
tr	NNS	Werewolves were always more beasts than men .
tr	NNS	Even if the risk is low , the stakes are high .
tr	NN	And the more they experiment and discover , the weirder it gets .
tr	NN	The accent was off .
tr	NNS	Dragons left the prison of time .
tr	NN	An intersection loomed ahead , and he leaped the remaining distance just as gunfire blasted from behind .
tr	NN	This time Zack was more ready for her and charged forward first , aiming his lance low .
tr	NN	The square grew larger and larger until it was roughly the size of a movie screen .
tr	NN	The exclamation comes from Leon Boise .
tr	NN	Building surveillance watched him from all four corners .
tr	NNS	" Yes , Mistress " the two Werewolves said in unison .
tr	NN	The dwarf stirred his coffee and took a sip .
tr	NNS	" The winds died before , and it came for us . "
tr	NN	" And your American accent wasn 't too shabby either , by the way .
tr	NNS	But your actions are those of a knight .
tr	NNS	How would the patrols protect builders and planters ?
tr	NNS	Here and there in the pale morning light , a few fragile wisps of fog clung like cotton to the canopy of trees .
tr	NN	" Since when does the FBI hire vampires ? "
tr	NNS	But of course such actions would have made him seem crazy , and elicit suspicion .
tr	NN	' There 's only the lieutenant , ' the sergeant said , in a tone that implied they 'd be wasting their time talking to him .
tr	NN	The women folk are downstairs .
tr	NNS	After a number of failures and only one success previously , the project leaders were anxious to have another .
tr	NN	Down in the hole , the " click " of the gun 's mechanism sounded like an explosion in Matt 's ears .
tr	NN	The blood drinker was aware of the surveillance suddenly .
tr	NNS	Television cameras from all over the world recorded the spectacle .
tr	NN	" The pilot flew with me just like that , dangling from the line , to the nearest hospital .
tr	NNS	Things had been quiet for a very long time , but he knew that it would never stay that way .
tr	NN	Now that he was gone , my isolation stood out in sharper relief .
tr	NN	Link scrunched up his forehead .
tr	NN	Her overburdened belly filled with a new life led the way .
tr	NNS	Three nations with incongruous natures , fenced in by walls of rock with lofty passes and endless trails .
tr	NNS	Several hundred wild cats and wolves being roasted slowly alive together would not have compared with it .
tr	NN	His wet silk robe stuck to his back like a piece of dead skin .
tr	NNS	The uniforms crawled all over me .
tr	NNS	Even so , handlers aren 't the only thing to fear .
tr	NNS	Cassius simply understood that standing beside his master gave him all the power and none of the responsibility .
tr	NNS	These posters , " she tore down the paper sheet , " they have gone up everywhere .
tr	NN	Then a tiny spark flickers in the center .
tr	NNS	She could hear her breath , usually controlled when she ran distances , pounding in her ears .
tr	NNS	There are purple areas where the two mix , and these are known as swing states .
tr	NNS	Girls loved the fact that he was open and confident ; I liked that about him myself .
tr	NNS	Chills made colonies of goose bumps along my arms and legs .
tr	NN	" The lieutenant was not specific . "
tr	NNS	Others will be here to guard you , to make sure the Lords don 't intend to harm you , so don 't fret .
tr	NNS	And my seamstress is out of town , and I know you can 't stand the sight of me , but you 're my only hope .
tr	NN	Frankly , that monstrosity looked like the frame of a large house enveloped in cobwebs to me .
tr	NNS	There are colleges , universities and other educational institutions in every nook and corner of our neighborhood churning out professional graduates .
tr	NNS	Earth users trapped dummies in the ground , letting fire users swoop in for the kill .
tr	NN	The deputy seemed proud of the fact he had thought ahead .
tr	NNS	The beautiful red-haired twins wanted in now !
tr	NN	There were no mentions of his birth , childhood , education , nothing that could tell us more about the man .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of their time in bed that morning set off a fluttering of desire .
tr	NNS	More shouts and another scream , followed by crashes and a loud thud .
tr	NNS	While basketballs share one syllable of their name and a similar shape to crystal balls , overall the two species are drastically different . "
tr	NN	The whole concept was foreign to her .
tr	NN	* * Morning came much quicker than I would have liked , bringing with it a slight drizzle .
tr	NNS	The raindrops snap at us Like falling monsters , Biting at the windshield In a suicidal dive .
tr	NN	My theory had holes in it , though .
tr	NN	And the photograph of me with my parents at the beach smiles back at me .
tr	NN	Her soothing manner masked a businesslike grip , however , and George was carted off .
tr	NNS	Not while I was there , not when there were thousands of human beings in The Catacombs capable of fighting back .
tr	NNS	Words are just that . "
tr	NN	But my darling , Zane , know that I am always there with you .
tr	NNS	In front of an audience of billions , relatives and friends reported they had the impression of speaking to him .
tr	NNS	Reyes tracked with him , passing through solid stone .
tr	NN	As he echoed her earlier thoughts , the rough timbre of his voice touched her soul .
tr	NNS	The members of the tribe shifted and horrifying howls , like cats in heat , lifted up into the night .
tr	NNS	Things had really piled up while I was gone , but I finally managed to finish everything that needed to be done .
tr	NNS	A few drops landed on my t-shirt but it was dark and I hoped she wouldn 't notice .
tr	NNS	Her movements became fast and jerky , but she still did not answer .
tr	NNS	" Because speed limits are stupid . "
tr	NN	While they needed intense heat to kill the cancer below , a volcanic eruption was not an option , definitely not here .
tr	NNS	~ ~ * ~ ~ Things weren 't weird after sex with Brodie .
tr	NN	Soon , my hatred for you may outweigh my desire for you to sit my throne .
tr	NN	So the captain of the ship had two choices , hand them or set them adrift . "
tr	NN	The adrenaline was receding , replaced by a throbbing in every muscle of his body .
tr	NNS	The creatures churned in a frenzy that did not allow his eyes to fix on any one of the things .
tr	NN	" That old goat , you mean ? "
tr	NN	His hesitation spoke volumes .
tr	NNS	His pupils were getting bigger covering his irises making them look black .
tr	NN	" A travel agent huh ? "
tr	NNS	Others need to wait a bit longer .
tr	NNS	Her pupils flared and a flush danced across her throat and cheeks .
tr	NNS	Thick , black metal bars ran perpendicular to the ground , ending in sharp spikes several feet overhead .
tr	NN	Once he is quiet , the leader raps out another order .
tr	NNS	Questions ran across the girl 's face , her eyes darting between Aly and me .
tr	NNS	After all , how many long shots had brought her here ?
tr	NN	In the reflection , mascara streaked her cheeks and her face was puffy and red .
tr	NN	" The cafeteria or the bedrooms . "
tr	NN	Halfway across , the ranger saw the cop shake his head at all the activity .
tr	NN	A trickle of unease made Clay kick off his blankets and get out of bed so he could wander over to the window .
tr	NNS	Her siblings , now fully aware of what they were up against , were unusually quiet .
tr	NN	The slayer leaned back again .
tr	NN	What madness could have befallen the governor of the south , to fall in love with a soldier ?
tr	NN	But Sam 's lack of an appetite did make me wonder again what he was up to with this sudden band camaraderie .
tr	NN	The parties were over , the packing was beginning .
tr	NNS	Achilles ran to Ian , circling his legs .
tr	NNS	The fairies beat their wings and the boys were pulled along as they relocated to a wider spread .
tr	NNS	The colors of the heavens were blood red , surrounded by shades of orange and pink .
tr	NN	Her integrity was suspect .
tr	NNS	My minions have been lacking , but my full guard has amassed .
tr	NN	" We need to send the kids home , " a senior Boy Scout leader decided , and the others concurred .
tr	NNS	Two pillows lie on the floor next to the bed .
tr	NNS	My footsteps are loud on the marble floors and anyone in a hundred yard vicinity can hear me coming .
tr	NN	His captain nudged close behind and the elite guard trailed farther back still .
tr	NNS	Girls had flowers in their hair , and the clothing round the place were bright with color .
tr	NNS	How people are envious of everyone ?
tr	NN	The milk is local though , and there 's a little honey in it from one of my hives . '
tr	NNS	Another two warriors held maces that were round river stones they had affixed to wooden handles .
tr	NNS	The goblins carried in piles of wood and lit bonfires to light the darkening mountainside .
tr	NNS	All colors are beauty in my eyes .
tr	NN	A castle of grey stone stood on a distant hill and the dark mass of an army moved on the hills in front of it .
tr	NN	" What 's your accent ... you British ? "
tr	NNS	Unnecessary lies just added to the burden .
tr	NN	But when she wheeled sideways through the apex of her leap , afforded time to breathe in and out twice , the realisation hit .
tr	NN	" Memory care . "
tr	NN	Surely no settlement could be wholly unprotected .
tr	NN	The van lurches again but he maintains control .
tr	NNS	The drinks shook as I brought them out on a tray .
tr	NN	His loyalty was touching , but I came close to wincing as he struggled to shore up his statement with facts .
tr	NNS	Looks like our conversation just migrated back into Skyla territory .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids were heavy but not in a bad way .
tr	NNS	And if you and Jenna had filed a report about the incident in the market the authorities could see a pattern to his behavior . "
tr	NN	The novice scurried over .
tr	NN	Kourtney was a savior , a benevolent woman bestowing care and nurturing on a child unable to fend for herself .
tr	NN	The rustling of leaves behind him made him turn .
tr	NN	Your ease with technology is incredible .
tr	NNS	Warning signs and yellow caution tape created a labyrinth between the broken mausoleums , uprooted trees , and cracked gravestones in the new section of the cemetery .
tr	NNS	Words might help , if they didn 't hinder .
tr	NNS	There were pictures of her and Ali on the front page , the headlines reported that they had spent the night together in the forest .
tr	NN	Somehow , after that , detention didn 't hurt so badly .
tr	NNS	Surrounding the Holy Wagons , a host of elite mounted warriors , all in identical bronze armor .
tr	NN	Sometimes that goal is just , like ending slavery in the Civil War .
tr	NN	Since , the rebel 's leaving .
tr	NN	Part of it was also about being able to take care of myself , to defend myself against Reapers and monsters .
tr	NNS	Things have gone so well thus far that I don 't want to jinx the success by switching my wardrobe .
tr	NNS	The carbonated drinks are flat .
tr	NN	No angel would give up their place in Heaven if they weren 't evil . "
tr	NNS	Two forks rang at the same time , then three , four .
tr	NNS	" The Officials say a lot of things , and I don 't trust a word they say . "
tr	NN	The crime scene tape was everywhere so Bootsy stepped out of the office and sat on a bench .
tr	NNS	Huge paintings , sumptuous fabrics , and warm cream walls wrapped the lobby in supreme opulence .
tr	NNS	The granite cliffs on either side rise up to eighty feet high .
tr	NNS	These uncontrollable rages deeply frightened him , but he eventually found ways to contain them .
tr	NNS	Although I pitied them for the limited food variety , their underground quarters were surprisingly comfortable .
tr	NN	Just a sentence or a statement may start a person thinking about the things that God has created .
tr	NNS	Their dresses , belted tightly about the waist and reaching nearly to their ankles , fell in crisp pleats and rustled when they walked .
tr	NNS	Silly hobbits , foolish , yes foolish !
tr	NN	' A tearful reunion , you brought home the prodigal daughter , and we all lived happily ever after . '
tr	NNS	" The security cameras only show a finely dressed young man entering hanger three with the Asian .
tr	NNS	Demetrius shook his head .
tr	NNS	Who in their right mind comes up with the prices the entertainment industry demands ?
tr	NN	Chapter Two A NEW HOME Uncle Stewart 's charcoal gray Buick sedan had pulled up to the curb when I came out .
tr	NN	Every objection they brought up she had already thought of .
tr	NNS	His clients sang his praises all around town .
tr	NN	The author has created a cast of intriguing , real life characters and themes .
tr	NNS	Several bystanders who were trying to get past the fire , who did not see what was going on , became victims of those bullets .
tr	NN	Her head is going to hurt pretty badly but other than that , there 's no permanent damage .
tr	NN	" Praise the True Mother , " the healer breathed .
tr	NN	Then , as I reached for the switch to turn off the lights a glint of metal caught my eye .
tr	NNS	Two ladies were working busily to treat the wounds .
tr	NN	Morning , noon and night , this man loved to rock her world .
tr	NNS	A couple wet drops of something landed on my cheek and began to burn .
tr	NN	The author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction , which have been used without permission .
tr	NNS	Flowers of every kind grew -- their colors so vivid , so full of life .
tr	NN	The ward on the door dissolved , and Jaden glided past him into the house .
tr	NN	" My reward is to see you happy , my lady . "
tr	NN	The mob had stopped traffic in all directions , trapping inside the square those now desperate to get out .
tr	NNS	Lots of things here seem to be vicious and ugly .
tr	NN	His lips fol owed the path with feathery kisses al the way to my breast .
tr	NNS	My parents ' expressions are so worn , and yet they stare at me like I 'm their last hope for survival .
tr	NN	A sustained whirlwind raised the leaves aloft , swirling through the evening like oversized snowflakes .
tr	NN	The implication was obvious ; Nolan didn 't want to see her and was , in fact , doing his best to avoid her .
tr	NN	The flutter over her arrival had definitely added a spice to her move to the stuck-up , overly pretentious gated community .
tr	NN	The intruder from the night before kept his mind from wandering back to the picture of Myra naked and aroused in his bed .
tr	NNS	If word got out , the palace gates would swarm with people from all over the world , begging her to revive their loved ones .
tr	NN	Another creak sounded from the opposite direction .
tr	NN	" You 're going to the Natali , " Ferry said .
tr	NN	" Your sauce , " says Ricky , " it sings in the mouth . "
tr	NNS	The images continued to shift , fading in and out of the walls .
tr	NNS	A few dozen emails had arrived and Mark was going through them one at a time .
tr	NN	Stephanie 's arrival on the staircase landing adjacent to their balcony put a halt to any further private conversation .
tr	NN	A boot emerged from the opened door , sought solid ground and landed on the pavement .
tr	NNS	At that , the youngest ladies chattered excitedly and , surrounding the tub , all began to plunge their hands into it , alarming Susan .
tr	NNS	Things had gotten too mixed up , and if the school hated me , fine .
tr	NN	And , unfortunately , no mere mortal ran so fast .
tr	NNS	The three witnesses would tally the votes and the secretary would relate the result back to the chairman .
tr	NN	Kate 's first , spurring instinct was to refuse the task - an option she knew she dared not attempt .
tr	NN	" Dr. Smith is currently indisposed , " the operator said .
tr	NN	Even his accent was sexy .
tr	NN	The captain nodded sympathetically .
tr	NNS	Tiny flakes of snow gently touched the glass in front of him melting almost immediately , leaving snaking little rivers in their wake .
tr	NNS	Two pairs of gloved hands , one huge , the other thinner and more wiry , yanked wood away from the hole .
tr	NN	Then , as quickly , her entire posture changed .
tr	NN	This poor alligator doesn 't ask for anyone to come hunting him .
tr	NN	" That reasoning was kind of dodgy . "
tr	NNS	Fishing villages dotted the dark blue shores , and beyond them , the savannah spread out from the lake to the horizon : a huge empty space .
tr	NNS	Just then the chains on each corner of the bucket started rising towards the boom shaft that extended out of the helicopter 's side above the door .
tr	NNS	Things fell into place then , and Shawn turned to Mr. Clearwater in disbelief .
tr	NNS	Not long ago , the city patrols would have arrested him on sight .
tr	NNS	Families split up , fathers walk away , and the kids just have to cope .
tr	NN	But my neighbor had several through the years , and I sort of got attached to a couple of them .
tr	NN	All but the weasel faced man .
tr	NN	The Master gave her one of his looks , and she sat back .
tr	NNS	Things like that came and went , whether you wanted them to or not .
tr	NNS	The only three shots he fired were to the north , after a coyote he was tracking . "
tr	NN	The mass fled upward and filled the arched dome of the room with fluttering shadows .
tr	NN	My guardian always told me that I should never talk to anyone unless it is under their permission .
tr	NN	Part of the Originator 's plan was to keep the Soviets guessing and the world wondering .
tr	NNS	" So the drops she used were not prescription ? "
tr	NN	The pub was a blue collar watering hole , and being early , only had a couple of customers propping up the bar .
tr	NN	Lift the lamp and the table top will slide open from the middle ; a hidden lever will rise up .
tr	NNS	In Mrs Rankin 's office two possibilities filled Barry 's mind .
tr	NNS	Ignored chances I should have taken .
tr	NN	His fake accent would never fool a local .
tr	NN	" The senator 's daughter ?
tr	NNS	Three shots came from different places along the eastern skyline , where three rifles had been poised for just such a showing .
tr	NN	A sliver of shame cut through me .
tr	NNS	The temperatures are finally starting to go down , but it 'll be forever before the sea levels do the same .
tr	NNS	Samuels took the glass from Annie 's hand , giving her one of his quick smiles .
tr	NN	An adult would either be unaffected by the process entirely , or killed outright . "
tr	NNS	Elias shook his head in feigned disappointment and moved over to the woman at the end .
tr	NNS	The email addresses weren 't instantly familiar - they looked like personal accounts - but the signatures were .
tr	NNS	Killing innocents was unforgivable ; he knew he was already damned for it .
tr	NNS	Their visits helped with the terrible depression he now felt about his incurable condition .
tr	NNS	Things started getting interesting when I actually started working .
tr	NN	Your employer will no longer be the Republic , but one of our four distinguished corps , where you can apply for a fulfilling career . "
tr	NN	The once unruly flash mob of eighth grade cowards now stood silent .
tr	NNS	At this very moment , there are millions of animals with their teeth in the throats of other animals who are squealing in utter terror .
tr	NN	Thinking of Dracula reminded her of her nightmare and she lifted a hand to her throat , then laughed self-consciously .
tr	NNS	The possibilities of ' what if 's ' are endless and each one produces a hundred more variables .
tr	NN	His fame and fortune made no difference at all to her .
tr	NN	" Tuff , " said the weasel .
tr	NNS	Things like a drivers license , passport , birth certificate -- if the north pole issues such things ! "
tr	NN	Jazz shot her a look .
tr	NN	A balcony overlooked the space , and a chamber orchestra was tuning , preparing for the dances to come .
tr	NNS	Was she avoiding him ?
tr	NNS	Things like this don 't happen to normal people .
tr	NNS	Our chances are dreadful , but at least we have a chance .
tr	NNS	The eggs and toast came as he finished his last bite of melon .
tr	NNS	Looks like they ´ re arguing , but about what ?
tr	NN	What if the oracle wasn 't as wise and magical as everybody thinks ?
tr	NN	Victoria angled back slightly against the arm of the settee , her torso turned toward Sebastian while her feet remained planted on the floor .
tr	NN	There was a stack of files on his desk , cases he could not now bring himself to think about .
tr	NN	The lieutenant was finally growing a backbone .
tr	NNS	Her movements were well practiced .
tr	NNS	" There 's a two bedroom available downstairs . "
tr	NNS	Behind me , the footsteps halted for just an instant , and then continued , faster than before .
tr	NNS	Normally , my antics when I was half drunk and high on blood kept her in stitches .
tr	NNS	The gold frames of his glasses only accented his gaze .
tr	NNS	" Who were those creatures in the forest ? "
tr	NN	Opening what appeared to be a pantry , he pretended not to hear her .
tr	NN	The dull roar of conversation in the ballroom was comfortable after the to-do downstairs .
tr	NN	There was a woman 's shriek , then the sound of several women screaming .
tr	NN	... out of the flood , to get out of the blood , boom , boom , boom ... Boom , boom , boom !
tr	NNS	Six more inches and we could have been holding hands .
tr	NNS	Others accepted it without question .
tr	NN	Just another small strike , but those should add up . "
tr	NNS	Things moved in the mist , evil things , creatures of the night .
tr	NNS	Blue screens usually mean death when it comes to computers . "
tr	NN	The parlor had been off a long central gangway on the first floor .
tr	NNS	Even here cameras monitored the area , capturing their entry .
tr	NNS	Behind me were the rolling hills of pine that soared up the nearby cliffs and undulated inland .
tr	NN	A map , " he added , as the word came to him .
tr	NNS	Things could go wrong . "
tr	NNS	Toward the end , two large electronic boards loom on both sides of the track .
tr	NN	The petty thief had been a surprise bonus .
tr	NNS	" These interviews , she was spending a lot of time on them and they were making her angry and depressed .
tr	NN	The session developed with Johnny and the Used Ones ' songs earning compliments but not Christine 's heart .
tr	NN	The trim would hide the transmitter .
tr	NNS	" Second chances , " Jackson whispered against my hair at the closing scene where they painfully parted .
tr	NNS	As nighttime comes , fireflies emerge from along the high grass ... thousands of them .
tr	NNS	Others clambered his direction .
tr	NN	" That sounds a little more profitable , " his partner said with renewed interest .
tr	NN	" The God King 's sacrifice was not an empty gesture , Vessel , " the priest said .
tr	NNS	The additions were larger than the original house .
tr	NN	Reality dragged her back into the throne room , entering to hear the tail end of a tirade from the Prince .
tr	NNS	Others in the crowd cheered and echoed the farmer 's sentence , " To the noose ! "
tr	NN	A red birthmark shaded the left side of his face .
tr	NNS	The markings look like deformed crosses . "
tr	NN	Lust slammed into her as he grasped her hips .
tr	NNS	Above him , the flashing red insects no longer floated aimlessly .
tr	NNS	About five feet away , someone downstairs pulled the cord that opened the ladder to the crawl space .
tr	NNS	" Of course , the claims of becoming immune to iron are completely false .
tr	NN	Her brother 's outlook changes abruptly .
tr	NN	" Will wonders never cease , " Storm said from behind her .
tr	NN	" The coast is clear , " his uncle told him .
tr	NN	" Deputy , " the sheriff said .
tr	NN	In other words , this mass of air is not just brute force .
tr	NN	His Glock occupied the bedside table .
tr	NN	Moments later , Love stopped at a red light and pulled out his mobile from inside his jacket .
tr	NN	The audience will lap it up . "
tr	NNS	Thick flakes of snow drifted down ; already the sidewalks were covered and the sky had grown darker .
tr	NNS	Initial meetings with newly appointed stakeholders often carried complex undercurrents as various factions jostled to establish their influence .
tr	NNS	Besides all of the talk about execution and judiciary courts had me nervous .
tr	NNS	Several ideas crossed his mind as his thinking became less chaotic .
tr	NNS	The images we shared did not do him justice .
tr	NN	Unsure if he is even inside a mountain anymore , the utter lack of wind assures him he is .
tr	NNS	Especially before his sister-in-law came home and started poking around .
tr	NNS	The few remaining items we could carry or eat as we marched on toward Camp Brandt .
tr	NNS	Things are about to get very dangerous .
tr	NNS	Tiny pin pricks danced across my skin , like the waking of a sleeping limb .
tr	NNS	The servants flocked to the table filling my cup full of berry juice and placing a hot bowl of gooey pink porridge in front of me .
tr	NN	The referee quickly stepped between them and ordered Lea to head back to a neutral corner .
tr	NN	But The Program is careful .
tr	NNS	The bridesmaids wore gray silk .
tr	NNS	Huge ideas churned in Star 's mind , and a romantic new future beckoned from beyond the mountain peaks .
tr	NNS	These letters make me more than a little nervous . "
tr	NNS	Your cameras aren 't working , he added , so we can 't see anything where you are .
tr	NNS	The polished squares mirrored the radiant full moon which , plucked from its stillness , fell melting from the heavens .
tr	NNS	What are the chances that you 'd be able to hold on to him ? "
tr	NNS	Both boxers prepared themselves for anything in the next round and waited for the bell .
tr	NN	Luna 's pulse skyrocketed at Janet 's implication , but she shook her head and adopted a businesslike tone .
tr	NNS	Looks up thru the swamp trees and sky .
tr	NNS	In the long , narrow hallway , flickering bulbs gave everything an ugly , sallow tint .
tr	NNS	The teachers moved out .
tr	NN	The large wooded panel rested on a small concrete wall and was held between two concrete pillars .
tr	NN	A wicked glint filled his blue eyes .
tr	NNS	The cost of a child on elvish society is significant , and as such , most elves simply do not bother .
tr	NNS	The Green Party members were the patsies for that .
tr	NNS	Things happened to me while I was gone .
tr	NNS	" These cards are devilish . "
tr	NNS	Several metal filing cabinets , a copier machine and a small break area make up the rest of the office .
tr	NN	" So , we 're going to have a new student here , " says the principal , greeting Marie with a warm smile .
tr	NN	The goal is to see how long you can hold it in before releasing it .
tr	NN	He had to get her to sit down long enough to listen and there was only one way to do that , make her his captive audience .
tr	NNS	Things were working out well .
tr	NNS	Finally the light spots disappeared and my eyes focused .
tr	NNS	The dark elves had a woman with them and several men .
tr	NN	You never call , is your Skype broken ? "
tr	NN	The air-conditioning is bliss against my reddened skin , which has started to prickle after only a few moments outside .
tr	NNS	The possibilities are amazing ! '
tr	NNS	Screams of pain came from behind a curtain that had been pulled around one of the beds .
tr	NN	A vine rose from the bed like a thorny green serpent .
tr	NNS	At its top , strands of iron curled in wide spirals like branches of a dead tree , forming the bars of a spherical cage .
tr	NN	A spray nozzle lay beside the sink and I grabbed it up , aimed at the two men nearby , and pulled the trigger .
tr	NN	The term stuck and has become widely used in modern day .
tr	NNS	At the snap of a finger , a dozen squirrels would rush down from the treetops with the enthusiasm of a dog playing fetch .
tr	NNS	" The markings were not what the killer was in search off , this are the insignia of the killer . "
tr	NNS	Heavy footsteps come this way .
tr	NN	Romantic medieval literature was my specialty .
tr	NNS	The werewolves paused , unsure if they wanted to munch on someone who yelled at herself .
tr	NNS	Fragrant puffs of smoke rose from the cups .
tr	NNS	I mean , all the signs are that I had a great holiday .
tr	NN	James Barr 's medical condition was the complicating factor .
tr	NNS	The media jumped on the case , involving politicians and journalists in the dispute , with the effect of dividing the population into heated factions .
tr	NNS	The splashes of pink , orange , and green made me think of a new painting .
tr	NNS	My movements from one hold to the next are now so ingrained that I easily accomplish the climb despite the predawn darkness .
tr	NN	Maybe this lunch arrangement would go smoothly after all .
tr	NNS	Even in the moonlight , their vivid colors stood out against the darkness .
tr	NNS	Sirens wailed in the distance .
tr	NNS	There were about five zombies approaching the SUV .
tr	NN	My grandma , Geraldine , could see the future .
tr	NN	" o ho . .
tr	NN	Vibrating softly , a huge bullet of golden and grey energy shot out of the small gun with great concentration , accelerating towards her .
tr	NNS	Your levels came in as pure . "
tr	NN	A mossy white gap between the bank and the border of Atlas trees was no more than thirty feet wide .
tr	NNS	No losses hit so close to home as the two scientists .
tr	NN	The troll nodded and turned to face the distant troll encampment .
tr	NN	" The mauve velvet , " said Alyce .
tr	NNS	No positioning satellites register , sorry .
tr	NNS	There were no signs of humanity at all .
tr	NN	Part of me wants to call him on the charade and put some direct questions to him , especially after all he 's revealed tonight .
tr	NNS	The concepts were confident they would remain unaffected .
tr	NNS	" What are the chances that the two of us would find these two halves , and not even in the same section of beach ? "
tr	NNS	Ah , the joys of hormones and jet lag .
tr	NN	A thin but very wide waterfall made up the wall opposite , tucked behind a low stone barrier .
tr	NNS	Two roads diverged and I let my stepfather rape me .
tr	NNS	The mother 's sobs rang out with others ' screams .
tr	NNS	For a long , horrified moment she stared at him , speech skills and thought processes gone , only blind instincts left .
tr	NN	Its tail lashed out eagerly behind it , and yellow drool dripped from the corners of its mouth .
tr	NNS	There were still corner bars and a tiny , family-run grocery store , though a Wal-Mart also loomed on the hill just outside the town .
tr	NNS	The cats gave her a look to indicate that they were intending to go somewhere else in any case and strolled off , licking their chops .
tr	NN	And an accidental shooting they 're calling assault with a deadly weapon . "
tr	NN	Only consolation is knowing they 'll get fat and die of heart attacks and leave rich young widows who like working-class guys like me . "
tr	NN	" They 'll all be dead in the morning , " the sergeant said with a coarse laugh .
tr	NNS	His aviator sunglasses hid his dark eyes , but his smile showed approval of my bikini .
tr	NNS	Rats and the occasional dog wandered nearby , and the water from some runoff dripped incessantly .
tr	NN	That bacon cheeseburger had better show up fast , because holding her tongue was damn difficult .
tr	NNS	His clients expected glamour .
tr	NN	The opponent 's best player got free after a series of screens and got the ball .
tr	NNS	The characters are able to earn merits and flaws as the game progresses .
tr	NN	' Of course there 's no lounge in the lobby .
tr	NN	These programs model biological processes by creating virtual agents inside the computer and then letting the agents interact to solve real-world problems .
tr	NN	her pimply lab partner asked .
tr	NNS	Domesticated rats are a lot different than their crazy wild cousins .
tr	NN	" But what good was her vow when it was choking the life out of her ? "
tr	NNS	Her horns were a gazelle 's , black and ridged , flowing up off her brow and back in a scimitar sweep .
tr	NN	The only explanation was that time must have stopped .
tr	NNS	Chapter Seven Bishop Adrenaline races through me , making me feel higher than any drug ever has .
tr	NN	A spotlight suddenly snapped on in the middle of the dark stage .
tr	NN	The teacher stood at the head of the table and surveyed us with a smirk .
tr	NNS	The wooden boards creaked as we rolled slowly across the decrepit covered bridge to get to a parking area .
tr	NNS	The action scenes the author has written are well thought out and exciting .
tr	NNS	Several figures appeared over the threshold and slowly crossed the polished floor .
tr	NN	" As you wish , " the envoy responded .
tr	NNS	The human Sentinels were simply useless against Vain Glory .
tr	NN	The captain moved away , giving orders to a group of men .
tr	NNS	Things like that just don 't seem that important anymore .
tr	NNS	The omelets were cheesy and gooey with all sorts of perfectly cooked , fresh vegetables and the french toast was thick and steaming .
tr	NNS	The last drops trickled from his fingers and loins .
tr	NN	The leopard huffed a little , a more friendly sound than the mountain lion had made , then it butted Diego solidly in the stomach .
tr	NN	The absence of his promised prey threw the beasts balance askew as it stumbled forward .
tr	NN	The buck stopped at Donovan 's office .
tr	NN	Or central Party ... or Religious heads ... ' ' Some places ... ' ' Control !
tr	NN	And then the applause began .
tr	NNS	Was he avoiding me until he could come to terms with his feelings ?
tr	NNS	The twins and I explained the limitations to her .
tr	NN	The referee tossed the ball in the air and the game started .
tr	NNS	But authorities didn 't want prisoners or anyone privy to sensitive information to have full reign of their Imps .
tr	NN	The cocaine would induce respiratory and cardiac arrest .
tr	NNS	The equations at the roots of our problems were complex , and we were far too exhausted to solve them .
tr	NN	The maelstrom lasted for just under a minute and then Loc heard the telltale whine of an AGP 's engines as it swooped past .
tr	NN	Understandably , his aura of danger and mystery added to his personality would make him an unholy temptation to most women .
tr	NN	" Oh please come , " An auburn haired woman wearing square glasses said .
tr	NN	The boom was barely audible over the rotors .
tr	NN	Even the receptionist in the doctor 's rooms had noticed Guy 's concern about her .
tr	NN	An eternity seemed to pass before he reached the wagons .
tr	NN	And , of course , there was the abduction and rape of Merrie Callahan , and then his subsequent murder . "
tr	NN	The Master commands it - and so does UL . ' .
tr	NNS	Hunger pangs reminded Allie that she hadn 't had dinner yet .
tr	NNS	My chains rattled as I stuck my arm out , sure I was about to fall .
tr	NN	" The cobra does battle with the mongoose , and dies because he does not believe he can be defeated . "
tr	NNS	Others nodded their heads .
tr	NNS	Majestic colors ran from every part of the garden , like a colorful paradise .
tr	NN	My theory was that she was afraid she sucked and she enjoyed singing so much that it would ruin it for her forever .
tr	NNS	Maybe some documents that didn 't get shredded .
tr	NN	The Sector Lift exchange we are entering makes the crowd look bigger than it really is .
tr	NN	His morning ritual accomplished , he whistled in the dogs , watching the scene above him while he waited for them .
tr	NN	The pit was three tall men deep and Marley had injured his leg in the fall .
tr	NNS	Marius scowled at the tall man and orange light flared briefly in his eyes , then faded .
tr	NNS	The vamps who 'd attacked him tonight sure hadn 't been the blending variety .
tr	NNS	Girls were like aliens , and as far as he was concerned , Ridley was their queen .
tr	NNS	Large metal cabinets full of God knows what cramped the corridor we traveled and the heat dampened my brow with a fine sheet of sweat .
tr	NNS	Beans barked suddenly , leaping up .
tr	NNS	Two more bikes rolled into view .
tr	NNS	" Cars are cars .
tr	NN	The bubbly personality was missing .
tr	NN	The snowplow operator was putting out flares when the police cruiser pulled up , blocking the intersection .
tr	NNS	Minutes later , the actors trickle in and I work on a scene with two of the supporting cast members first .
tr	NN	A few moments later , my cell unit erupted in a series of beeps .
tr	NNS	Skyler 's fingernails dug into his thigh , but she didn 't speak or retaliate .
tr	NN	The beading has rubbed my skin raw all night . "
tr	NNS	Both punches turned into a simultaneous exchange , the first punches to cleanly land in the entire match .
tr	NN	After all , that deep , rumbling growl was pretty unmistakable .
tr	NN	And then there is the chase , the all elusive chase .
tr	NN	Our teacher is the source of the most amazing knowledge . "
tr	NNS	Dressed in spotless white , anyone 's true colours can come to the surface .
tr	NNS	The crows hadn 't begun their infuriating squawking yet , like a slack bow across loose violin strings .
tr	NN	' Only a tour guide ? '
tr	NN	The transition was painful , but once complete I took to my new identity like a fish to water .
tr	NN	A large-screen television hung over the fireplace and two overstuffed chairs sat in front of a big bay window overlooking the front yard .
tr	NN	The gas kept filling the room .
tr	NNS	Others shook their heads and made gestures to suggest she was crazy .
tr	NN	A crown sat upon his head .
tr	NNS	The less the better if we are to hope our letters might get through .
tr	NNS	Little glancing kisses that do nothing but fan my desire , nothing but make me want more .
tr	NNS	As he spoke , his pupils widened .
tr	NNS	Scheduling jazz ensemble rehearsals was even more of a pain .
tr	NN	The explanation was most likely very simple .
tr	NNS	" Sometimes responsibilities get in the way .
tr	NNS	But by that age , the differences between us were becoming apparent .
tr	NN	Your wisdom , your patience , your intelligence , and your honor are all traits I have sought in a partner for years .
tr	NNS	The edges of his vision faded into gray mist .
tr	NNS	Her protective instincts made me laugh , considering I 'd fought more than most town guards .
tr	NN	In extended use , oracle may also refer to the site of the oracle , and to the oracular utterances themselves .
tr	NN	After they had finished eating , a porter - the first Matthew had seen since boarding the train - came and cleared away the empty dishes .
tr	NN	The wild gleam in his eyes told her he wasn 't joking .
tr	NNS	" The Sphinx warriors are different from us , perhaps you should meet with them tonight . "
tr	NNS	Their supplies were low but not desperate .
tr	NNS	The traitors could not steal or force the women to give over their gift , and not even death could undo the binding .
tr	NN	The slave waited beside the wraith , her head tipped submissively down , or maybe it was the weight of the chain dragging down her ears .
tr	NNS	" Souls are cheap .
tr	NN	" Good , " said the cameraman .
tr	NNS	There was a terrible tightness in Destiny 's chest .
tr	NN	Seconds later , the rumbling of the alien ship had returned .
tr	NN	An elegantly crafted bridge hung across the basin , allowing for passage .
tr	NNS	The drums took most of the day-long session .
tr	NNS	Things started to happen .
tr	NNS	The scrolls would be safe until ... well , I guess until more enlightened minds could discover them . "
tr	NN	All seemingly in order , Arun the helper stood up , and drew breath to begin his chanting .
tr	NN	With my white shirt hanging open and decked out in matching lingerie , my goal was to project more sex appeal than " lovely . "
tr	NN	The van rocketed forward , picking up speed .
tr	NN	The square was full of people as the proceedings began .
tr	NN	A trio of shelves holds a small tin cup , an assortment of hooks , and a spool of fishing line .
tr	NNS	" My apologies , " he said quietly .
tr	NNS	" Your kisses are good and all but I have a scholarship and I can 't risk my grades falling . "
tr	NN	" Your conspiracy theory is mucking things up in your brain .
tr	NN	As he spoke , the cowboy inched toward the door .
tr	NNS	" The wolves are my brothers .
tr	NNS	There were no access terminals to the system outside the cockpit .
tr	NNS	The teachers along with their aides led their students to their respective classrooms .
tr	NNS	Would wonders never cease ?
tr	NNS	Her footsteps crunched through the sand as she walked away .
tr	NN	This madness was maddening .
tr	NNS	Lights ran along the walls ahead of us and the tunnel kept going on like that for some distance .
tr	NNS	The detectives looked at one another in surprise .
tr	NNS	Or hobbits go down to join the Dead ones and light little candles .
tr	NN	The ' escort ' was my best friend ; she was dating a billionaire whose reputation was already fragile .
tr	NNS	Her fingernails sparked , circuitry pulsing with green light , and a thought struck me .
tr	NNS	There are always gangs of marauders , scavengers wandering the city .
tr	NN	The rat bastard actually removed my head .
tr	NNS	The teachers hadn 't sussed me out yet , but the kids had .
tr	NN	Reid 's bullet struck the lock with a dull metallic twang .
tr	NN	Silver 's window buzzed shut .
tr	NN	" My uncle will be here by six , he never misses a meal , especially when I 'm cooking . "
tr	NNS	Werewolves weren 't much for changing routines .
tr	NN	Barely able to dodge in time , the shield nicks the man 's helm as his head jerks backward to avoid the collision .
tr	NNS	Names 're Jari and Jarl , girl and boy .
tr	NNS	Girls are always talking about electricity in their romance , but none are too happy to actually be electrocuted , apparently .
tr	NNS	Her chest shudders to a halt and she feels his arms tighten around her small form .
tr	NN	The range of scents she could single out , but not yet identify , was alarming .
tr	NNS	" Things turned out quite well up there , and the pay you offered is very attractive .
tr	NNS	The generations of survivors that were left had endured such unthinkable chaos it was difficult to accept that time was now running out .
tr	NN	My euphoria evaporated as Eric instantly sat on the bed and pinned my shoulders .
tr	NNS	Their pursuers were relentless .
tr	NN	' He gave me a valuable gold one , ' the chit says in a way that made my hand itch to slap her .
tr	NNS	My remaining siblings and I were years apart .
tr	NN	His partner did offer him a weak smile , but he wasn 't hiding the worry in his eyes .
tr	NNS	Others step up and take an active interest in Haven 's communal health .
tr	NNS	No pills , no huffing , no cocaine , no crack pipes - " " Oh my god Mom ! "
tr	NN	He 'd probably be there at that very moment , the hunter mused to himself as he took another swig from his mug .
tr	NN	Breedlove 's instinct knew what was going to happen next .
tr	NNS	Small mumbled whispers trickled out from his lips .
tr	NNS	Gentle kisses on my left shoulder sent butterflies to my stomach and I giggled just knowing how good he 'd made me feel .
tr	NN	Perhaps the villain isn 't trying to drive her mad , but to go so far as to cause her death .
tr	NN	Standing there was a young messenger angel , bent over in exhaustion .
tr	NN	The referee got between the boxers and ordered Lea back to a neutral corner .
tr	NN	The commander began to explain .
tr	NNS	Though I run regularly to keep the muscles strong , making my way up and down steep slopes today had made that leg feel wobbly .
tr	NNS	Apparently those qualities had followed him into this other part of his life too , in spite of the fact he now straddled a threadbare moral line .
tr	NN	" That I cannot deny , " the captain conveyed .
tr	NN	Perhaps this beating would earn Joey some respect backstage .
tr	NN	Love shouted for everyone to get down and aimed his weapon .
tr	NN	Hopeful y the mind reader was already in the know .
tr	NN	By this time , the stench was more than I could bear .
tr	NNS	Heavy footsteps approach , pause outside .
tr	NN	" Poor old fellow , " the sergeant of Marines said , coming close to peer after them , for a glimpse inside the tower .
tr	NN	Then suddenly an announcement blared from speakers in the ceilings .
tr	NN	A settlement now can save you a lot of grief later .
tr	NN	The clang of the impact numbed his arm to the elbow , and the report of the blow was echoed by the feral scream of his attacker .
tr	NNS	' The diaries are captivating , but I think it 's time to put dinner on . '
tr	NN	The written exam had gone very well , but the driving test came next .
tr	NNS	For a split second Amber froze .
tr	NN	Dirt and rubble began piling into the basement , as the entire structure was caving in above them .
tr	NN	The guilt had gnawed at him all day , but Mira 's explanation helped .
tr	NN	The next ramp up would probably involve kicking out at inanimate objects and becoming uncontrollably abusive , even to those he loved .
tr	NNS	Girls were giggling and whispering .
tr	NNS	" My apologies , " Darius said with a very slight bow .
tr	NN	Whoever did it , did the world a favour .
tr	NN	The moment she mentioned him , I stopped dressing and looked at her , confused at the fae and humans calling him their commander .
tr	NNS	His followers stood trial before the chiefs and elders of the several tribes that had been tormented by their evil .
tr	NNS	Dripping tongues whipped toward Hugo .
tr	NN	" The duel was not his idea .
tr	NNS	Waves of mortification rolled over me .
tr	NNS	Dogs began barking outdoors .
tr	NNS	Others gathered in front of the door to block his way .
tr	NN	A thin trickle of blood ran down his shirt .
tr	NNS	Looks like whoever did this took Lem by surprise , shot the dog and maybe didn 't plan on Nik being out here .
tr	NN	The sensitivity crackled across her nerve endings .
tr	NNS	The old lady downstairs had rung environmental health when she first smelt the decomposition , and they had in turn called in the police .
tr	NN	My torn pattern mocks me .
tr	NNS	" There are many differences between your country and my own and you have lost much , but there is more to this land than you realise .
tr	NN	She leaned over cautiously , her balance maintained by her death grip on him .
tr	NN	Love and compassion makes you understand that the true wisdom is not in reaching but in traveling well .
tr	NN	The stench of smoke and spilled liquor hung like fog in the air .
tr	NN	The snake squeezed tighter , threatening to crush my vital organs , to end me .
tr	NNS	Waves of apprehension emanated from him .
tr	NNS	Looks like a shack . "
tr	NN	Was the farce truly over ?
tr	NNS	" Hey , those Sullivan Auto ads I hear all the time on the radio are his , aren 't they ? "
tr	NNS	Reyes would rather die than lose her , and I would rather lose you than hurt him . "
tr	NNS	Lots of people like their steak rare .
tr	NN	His silver aura shimmered around him like a halo .
tr	NNS	Plastic forks never lasted an entire lunch .
tr	NN	The instinct to help Nina was so , so strong .
tr	NN	Luckily the vent headed in the opposite direction of the monsters and it didn 't go up or down .
tr	NNS	" Oh oh , your brilliant ideas usually border on terrifying . "
tr	NNS	The ideas they tossed back and forth about what a certain dream could mean .
tr	NN	The gap wavered and cleared , and showed a different scene on the far side .
tr	NNS	Established thousands of cycles ago by the elders to help maintain peace and serenity at the palace itself .
tr	NN	Apollo 's pen swept over the paper .
tr	NNS	The drinks aren 't a good idea .
tr	NN	Her hunter moved closer , and the circle of guards opened to let both him and his companion through .
tr	NN	Another bullet hit the water right beside me , and I dove away .
tr	NNS	" Things have definitely gotten complicated . "
tr	NN	" Happy birthday to me , " he whispered as they climbed in the shower .
tr	NNS	Cars rolled by steadily , and in the distance one or two of them honked their horns .
tr	NN	The dean motioned for the officers , and the guys on the stairs parted for them as they ascended .
tr	NNS	His writings were brilliant in light of the impact they made on his religious obsession .
tr	NN	a teacher , a staff sergeant , burst into the gym .
tr	NNS	Then all three pairs of eyes snapped open their lids and living eyes focused down on me .
tr	NNS	Things like leaving his clothes on the floor , or forgetting to put his plate in the dishwasher .
tr	NNS	Their losses were greater in number , but ours were dearer to us .
tr	NNS	Things never were a cake walk between them .
tr	NNS	The wolves leapt for him , eyes glowing hotly in the night .
tr	NN	The warrior from the river had come up to the village and was waiting to escort the soldiers and Jean-Baptiste back to their rafts .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately for them , the more rural areas anticipated the crush of people and set up defensive positions to stem the tide .
tr	NN	Was booze really the only thing he cared about ?
tr	NN	But her appetite was also lessening with each passing meal .
tr	NN	The leading Zero was now clearly labouring after taking hits from the Corsairs and Cully -- perhaps his shots had wounded the pilot ?
tr	NN	The angel falls back , her arms askew , head lolling off the edge of the bench in a swoon .
tr	NNS	Rats stank of panic .
tr	NN	The doors slide open .
tr	NN	Kylie put Socks down so he could attack Del a. For some reason , the kitten loved her Donald Duck slippers .
tr	NNS	As if from nowhere , servants appeared with more pastries , with plates of fruit , with wine .
tr	NNS	The Moscow newspapers are full of that crap . "
tr	NNS	Behind her the wolves are restless , hungry .
tr	NNS	" Your Highness , my husband has injured his jaw and will have difficulty speaking .
tr	NN	The defense attorney went on .
tr	NN	The commander in chief had arrived with a small guard .
tr	NNS	My insecurities and my nerves about the wedding weekend were just as much to blame .
tr	NNS	More stone chips from the monument rained down upon us , and we ducked down even further behind the protective wall .
tr	NNS	Our satellites were the perfect bait . "
tr	NN	And the steam left her .
tr	NNS	However his recent experiences had removed some of his usual timidity .
tr	NNS	Her colleagues look at each other , smiling .
tr	NN	" We 're hit , " the pilot announces .
tr	NN	No hesitation stalled her words or need for her to think about it .
tr	NN	Her elation spread to encompass her entire body and she laughed in sheer bliss .
tr	NNS	Things moved so damn fast ... He was so close ... Then he heard the sound of her unraveling in his arms .
tr	NNS	The three suspects crossed the road and headed in the direction of the town 's largest market .
tr	NN	And the neighbor said - " " Who was from Ireland ? "
tr	NN	Her corset suddenly felt more restrictive .
tr	NN	The audience chuckled and cackled .
tr	NN	A low deep growl emanates from the caves for a moment .
tr	NN	The smaller plaque next to Sarah 's said , Lord Hart Graham Mackenzie , Beloved Son , June 7 , 1876 .
tr	NNS	Real worries would close in soon enough , and for now she just wanted to enjoy her time with Danny .
tr	NNS	His pills were under your mattress .
tr	NN	Their passion seems to influence those in direct contact with them . "
tr	NNS	His kisses were gentle , coaxing , completely undemanding .
tr	NNS	The creatures were featureless .
tr	NN	It is just malicious rumors , " the captain countered .
tr	NNS	Not too hard to dodge for someone with the right resources and savvy . "
tr	NN	Inside , a lantern glowed on a small white kitchen table around which sat four white chairs .
tr	NN	After ten years , the arrangement was working fine .
tr	NNS	Elena 's fingernails scraped the underside of Gray 's wrist .
tr	NN	And last , a big , plump , snowman cookie jar that Regan told Sonia they were going to fill by baking Christmas cookies .
tr	NNS	Frantic whispers between Emerson and Fanta interrupted his plan .
tr	NNS	Myles looked tired , as if he 'd put in a couple of very long days .
tr	NNS	Already his minions were roaming the nearby city , scouring it for traces of those he sought .
tr	NNS	As Rory watched , the edges of the thought wobbled , crumbling away .
tr	NNS	For a touch of drama media cameras scan the clapping heads .
tr	NN	The tuxedo he wore only made him look even more handsome and perfectly outlined the raw strength of his body .
tr	NNS	Except for the ear holes , the two hats looked much the same to Dunk .
tr	NNS	My buddies and I were in Vegas for Spring Break .
tr	NNS	The chances of getting caught were too great .
tr	NNS	Things would change around here .
tr	NN	A nightclub in Dallas was our destination for the evening and it was definitely upscale with what I considered high-class call girls at the bar .
tr	NNS	The best minds in the future have collaborated together for centuries to make technological advances like this .
tr	NNS	Most family members grow up and see each other only a few times a year .
tr	NNS	His dilated pupils and flaring nostrils suggested he did .
tr	NNS	" Too many , " all the siblings answered at once .
tr	NN	The pond wasn 't far .
tr	NNS	The warriors of Bloodstone immediately advanced to the hill towards their leader .
tr	NN	The stems felt crumpled in his hand .
tr	NNS	The large electronic titanium gates open with a hiss as we approach .
tr	NN	" How was your vacation there ? "
tr	NN	Link could barely speak .
tr	NNS	Things I learned from Mother Abbess , too .
tr	NN	The policeman was back , a cup of coffee in his hands .
tr	NN	Actually , the balance was me .
tr	NNS	The alpha tendencies in him stirred the dominant in her .
tr	NNS	" Others simply changed .
tr	NNS	At that moment two images competed for space in my mind .
tr	NNS	From the entrance , the hallways splayed out into two separate wings lined with the separate rooms of all the nuns .
tr	NNS	There were old ladies with their hunched husbands .
tr	NNS	" What do your instincts tell you ? "
tr	NN	A stench of wood smoke drifted in the wind towards them .
tr	NN	" Why , you infernal scoundrel , " said the admiral , " nothing of the sort ever happened , and you know it .
tr	NNS	Witches make pacts with the dark one so that they 're able to draw power from those that surround them . "
tr	NN	The flutter of his tongue over her pulse made her gasp .
tr	NNS	The different properties help with various types of energy . "
tr	NN	A knight was shouting at a holy man .
tr	NN	" In any damn tongue , boy , " added another fellow .
tr	NNS	Three more shadowy creatures jumped through the wall after it , and they each ran to a different corner of the room .
tr	NN	There 's a click .
tr	NNS	But my instincts said something very different than the paranoia raging in my head .
tr	NNS	The whispers were coming from the other side of the curtains hanging from my bed , and they weren 't voices I recognized .
tr	NN	The other hunter was a stranger .
tr	NN	No meat spun on the spit above the fire , no pot bubbled with stew .
tr	NN	He bent over her , his body posture protective .
tr	NNS	The possibilities weren 't promising .
tr	NN	Your grandmother sends her love . "
tr	NNS	There are no restrictions on either of you sending letters here , so all you have to do is send them to me !
tr	NN	One conflict might grant us generations of peace ! "
tr	NNS	The mattress was on the floor with unpacked boxes scattered throughout the small space .
tr	NNS	Looks like you 're getting settled . "
tr	NNS	Did all couples begin to pick up mannerisms from each other ?
tr	NN	Storm cursed under his breath .
tr	NNS	The tunnels are very short range and I can choose what frequencies pass through them .
tr	NNS	The uranium deposits in Virginia alone are worth an estimated $ 20 billion , but no one really knows for sure .
tr	NN	She didn 't argue , just watched him over the rim of her glass .
tr	NNS	Usually situations like this were an inside job , but I 'm just hypnotizing , guessing blindly .
tr	NN	Sometime between getting home and emerging from the shower , dusk had given way to a very dark night outside .
tr	NNS	But their expressions remained .
tr	NN	The dungeon erupted with laughter again .
tr	NNS	Things were just starting to heat up . "
tr	NNS	" But sometimes the myths get parts wrong . "
tr	NN	The contract with Jack simply put the loss of this property and all that went with it on hold for a year .
tr	NN	The instinct to go to him was so strong it was almost painful .
tr	NNS	The butterflies in my stomach danced for joy , and I took another sip of champagne to quiet them .
tr	NN	A mumble of voices surrounded her .
tr	NNS	My nostrils will seal shut in protest .
tr	NNS	In this pool , the prostitutes also washed , such that they washed in the sinful blood of Ahab .
tr	NN	My pulse pitched at that realization .
tr	NNS	Even now , Guardians or Enforcers could be coming . "
tr	NN	Another deafening crash resounded through the ceiling .
tr	NN	" Ok , I get it , Ellery , please stop . "
tr	NNS	The pastel colors stand out like flowers among the brown and wheat tones of the parched dirt .
tr	NN	The redhead gazed at me with a patient expression , as though she had been expecting me .
tr	NN	Jenny 's lack of any further argument only confirmed that suspicion for me .
tr	NNS	Only the slimmest metal frames held each pane in place .
tr	NNS	The ferns bracketing the front door were back to being a lush green , and someone had fixed the sag in the porch .
tr	NN	A fine tremor ran through her body .
tr	NN	Her daddy would have given her a candy bar if she did boo-boo lip .
tr	NNS	But then little red flags began to unfurl , then wave frantically .
tr	NNS	" The dancers will be out soon .
tr	NN	" But not a true werewolf , because no self-respecting wolf would stink like that . "
tr	NNS	Her sobs sounded tinny over the microphone .
tr	NN	But Danny 's aggravation is inescapable .
tr	NNS	Screams echoed down the hallway from every corner of the school .
tr	NN	" Ah , trading up are you ? "
tr	NNS	There are not many time travelers still available . "
tr	NN	His laptop was on the coffee table .
tr	NNS	Maris stretched and sighed with pleasure .
tr	NNS	But Julie 's instincts told her that something wasn 't right .
tr	NN	A new player has arrived . "
tr	NN	The range and fluency of his cursing caused the president 's eyebrows to rise ever so slowly .
tr	NN	the belligerent drunk demanded , pointing at me with a half-empty beer bottle .
tr	NN	Part of me could understand how appealing that must have been .
tr	NNS	The mattress dipped beneath them .
tr	NN	If he 's only going to sleep ... " The chit didn 't answer right away and Gladys frowned .
tr	NNS	The goats are satisfied too , full and back to their routine of wandering till they get empty again .
tr	NNS	" Things like chemical compounds , building materials , parts and energy cells depends on what current projects the masters are running at any moment .
tr	NN	A fading scar on my left arm was a constant reminder of that day .
tr	NNS	" Ghost wolves , " Edward mused .
tr	NNS	His opponents sat waiting for him at the casino with only minutes remaining for the contest to begin .
tr	NNS	Loud creaks came from the hinges until the door stopped against a wall .
tr	NN	His pulse hammered against her fingers .
tr	NN	" There is an old legend of a magic waterfall .
tr	NN	The warm timbre of his voice made her skin tingle with anticipation .
tr	NN	she said , an irritating whine affecting her voice .
tr	NN	The kitchen oven ran off propane .
tr	NN	A spark of desire ignited in me and I reached up and brought his mouth down to mine to kiss him .
tr	NN	His hunger gone , his mood restored , he paid the bill leaving a generous tip and wandered along the quay .
tr	NNS	The goblins came upon them like the crashing of a mighty river against an immovable stone .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , the same news media showed increasing numbers of National Guardsmen being deployed .
tr	NN	With no place to go or deeper trouble to get into , instinct drove him to action .
tr	NNS	The door locks clicked open with minimal noise , and Brennan eased the door open with his gloved fingertips .
tr	NN	My subconscious was a step ahead of me ; images of the two demons materialized .
tr	NNS	Myles didn 't believe Ink could move that fast , not with his handicap .
tr	NN	Back then , the main crop had been sugar cane .
tr	NNS	270 degrees , expect flak in two minutes . "
tr	NNS	Without time objects had no dimension to achieve motion .
tr	NNS	Blimey , how do mothers cope with this every day ?
tr	NN	There was a kindness left in me .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids were almost half lidded , and her grin was a little forced .
tr	NN	The healing chant stopped abruptly at her softly spoken words .
tr	NN	The pub was surprisingly busy .
tr	NNS	All other creatures that go on four legs have remained thankfully silent . "
tr	NN	His tie was loose , but mostly hidden behind a stained brown apron .
tr	NNS	His six followers were fighting valiantly .
tr	NNS	He titled his head , his movements morbid as he sniffed the air like a beast .
tr	NN	" Poor fellow has a lot of yard work to catch up on . "
tr	NNS	" Great minds , " John said as he kissed Alexis ' cheek .
tr	NNS	Your stupid insecurities kicked in because your dad was never around .
tr	NNS	Heavy , thumping footsteps vibrated through the metal floor .
tr	NNS	Things were getting intense .
tr	NNS	Metal rims sparked against the hot pavement as rubber tread flew off in molten chunks .
tr	NNS	The hanging drapes that covered the bleak stone walls were almost universally blue now , and the golden lambskin rugs had been replaced with white ones .
tr	NN	The umbrella from our little bistro table on the wide sidewalk casts a shadow across my shoulders , and I almost shiver .
tr	NNS	Several ceiling fans whirled lazily , and were low enough that I always felt a bit nervous about one of them whirling into my eyebrows .
tr	NNS	Things have been tight at work and -- " Jim slammed down his fist and the table vibrated with a low clang .
tr	NN	Its prow crashed into the dock , shaking the whole wharf .
tr	NNS	No sobs , no accusations , not even a peep escaped her lips .
tr	NNS	Guns came up in all directions .
tr	NN	An unseen owl hooted in the trees .
tr	NNS	The documents I held fell before me .
tr	NNS	" My promises are much more reliable than some human might make . "
tr	NN	The gas filled the chamber quickly and soon she could barely make out Suspicious , let alone the others .
tr	NN	" Love , as long as I 'm with you , nothing else matters .
tr	NNS	And yet persons here and there declined to migrate ; that , even to those involved , constituted a perplexing irrationality .
tr	NN	The werewolf could sure move fast when he wanted to haul ass .
tr	NNS	The council members talked amongst themselves with whispers .
tr	NN	Her attorney would have everything in order for them by evening .
tr	NN	Vegetable gardening would definitely be in there somewhere .
tr	NNS	Words poured out in a hot river .
tr	NNS	Lie detecting is just so boring . "
tr	NN	The TV cast a strange bluish glow on his skin , his hair poking up in an unruly pattern .
tr	NNS	" I understand , Your Highness , " she said , bowing her head , mocking the prince .
tr	NNS	Different generations have different patterns .
tr	NNS	Thoughts floated about but were gently pushed aside so that a warm emptiness was maintained .
tr	NN	Its pale grey fur is strikingly contrasted by its vivid yellow eyes .
tr	NNS	Its hills and mountains became taller .
tr	NNS	All around us , the lush slopes of the Andes towered in the distance .
tr	NN	" A fortnight of sunshine , and today must be overcast ! "
tr	NNS	The other Jets joined Nate , staring down the lethal corridor in despair .
tr	NN	A short giggle escaped Aly , and she hiked up on her toes and planted a playful kiss to my lips .
tr	NNS	Things had suddenly gone from bad to worse .
tr	NNS	" Orders are usually next-day delivery . "
tr	NN	The fan whirred above , ruffling the hairs on my thighs like plankton in a rough surf .
tr	NNS	Social skills were never his strong point .
tr	NN	A raspy , wheezing sound came from the other side of the door , grabbing everyone 's attention .
tr	NNS	Two tests , both showing the same results , could not be wrong .
tr	NN	Her grandmother looked startled .
tr	NNS	Some half-dozen menacing brands stuck out of the furnace , glowing red with heat .
tr	NNS	The wolves had never been much for talking to any of us .
tr	NN	Her angel hadn 't said anything , hadn 't revealed himself , but had somehow managed to make the human leave .
tr	NNS	A large black Mercedes sat idling at the curb .
tr	NNS	' Our mothers leave us to go hungry ! '
tr	NNS	Things went downhill fast and my mental health took a real hit .
tr	NNS	Were any teachers looking at the empty desk and frowning , or was Horace camping out at the police station waiting for news ?
tr	NN	The applause was thunderous , punctuated by a few approving yells .
tr	NNS	Myles slowed everything down so he could memorize her body , enjoy it and let her enjoy his .
tr	NN	The therapist had asked how I 'd felt before I found a note , if didn 't remember what I was doing before then .
tr	NNS	There were two solutions : leave the best friend behind or forget about the girl .
tr	NNS	The wolves were shifting around them .
tr	NN	The kitten meowed with what Kylie hoped was a yes .
tr	NN	The outer layer of concrete chunks turned to white powder .
tr	NN	" Let 's see , there 's the black T-shirt with black jeans .
tr	NN	The dwarf slapped at me , but his blows were wild , and his hands clattered off the bars instead of hitting me .
tr	NNS	Their drinks came then , providing a distraction .
tr	NNS	Things had moved fast once that hole burned through the carpet in their temporary quarters .
tr	NN	Only a policeman was with him inside the stationary and , except for the whirring of the expressway , there was an almost uncomfortable silence .
tr	NNS	There are no vegetables to be had .
tr	NNS	Things happen , and most of the time , they 're beyond our control .
tr	NNS	Things rustled in the bushes , and a breeze wafted the scent of cabbages over the endless fields .
tr	NNS	Others now near old age still knelt daily , something they had done for decades .
tr	NNS	Questions filled Jain 's mind , but she asked none of them .
tr	NNS	The characters are realistic and interesting .
tr	NN	Her pulse was an ocean in her ears .
tr	NNS	" If you break these rules , the consequences can be as severe as a complete memory wipe . "
tr	NN	The rider pulled the hood of his cloak back , long , dark silver hair spilling out , and ... an eye patch .
tr	NN	To her utter mortification the audience began to clap , whether in sympathy or to mock , she didn 't know .
tr	NN	My fifteenth birthday was coming up and for some reason I was excited .
tr	NNS	My instincts are all telling me that something 's wrong .
tr	NNS	Questions tumbled around her head like a pair of tennis shoes in the dryer .
tr	NNS	Their movements scattered a few birds but they were off in the distance and weren 't overly concerned about the giant yellow bird flying towards them .
tr	NN	The sergeant in charge of the fort does the reasonable thing -- they pack their bags and head back over the mountains .
tr	NNS	" A hundred thousand shares at forty-two fifty , " Clay said proudly .
tr	NN	A few more punches and blocks , kicks and blocks , and Lew stumbled back with a hand pressed to his side .
tr	NNS	Seconds later , great clasps of thunder echoed over the valley .
tr	NN	With an evil grin , the hunter jabbed Edna in the arm with a needle .
tr	NN	There was no hesitation .
tr	NNS	Facial expressions carry lots of meaning and display many of our feelings where words fall short .
tr	NN	A second footman approached and held out a hand to help her down .
tr	NN	But just how much profit did the museum make each year ?
tr	NN	His golden robe graced the top of the matching sandals on his feet .
tr	NN	Kylie actual y felt proud of herself for figuring it out .
tr	NNS	Sirens blared in the distance .
tr	NN	The tomb will be opening shortly .
tr	NNS	Alexis walked towards the light at the end of the hallway .
tr	NNS	Flames lashed out at him , forcing a retreat .
tr	NNS	The legends have turned the word ' wizard ' into a fable .
tr	NN	Her first instinct was to pull for the surface , but the chain vibrated in a way she 'd never felt before , a powerful warning .
tr	NN	Once again , the low timbre of his voice startled him .
tr	NN	The strange melodic chanting of words in an ancient tongue shimmered in her mind and provided her with some solace .
tr	NN	A twinkle appears in her eye , like it used to before she was sick .
tr	NN	The broth cleans the thick clots of blood out of my mouth .
tr	NNS	The items they serve out at Burbage are sometimes ... questionable . "
tr	NN	Every building Lara put up was a challenge .
tr	NNS	There were no signs of any moving corridors and no sound of any nearby Expressway .
tr	NN	Andrew 's pendant is still lying on the bed when Gabriel slams his and Jonathan 's down in frustration .
tr	NN	A small thrill shot through me , but I stifled it .
tr	NN	Any pretense she didn 't belong to him was over .
tr	NNS	The two axes of concentration of energy and duration of events mean we show the physical world running on the downward curve , obeying Entropy .
tr	NNS	And awfully middle aged , in a frowning , pastel suited way that neither me or Nina will ever have .
tr	NNS	The teachers were all women and had that same accent as my grandmother , as did the other girls attending the school .
tr	NNS	The chances of a swarm stumbling through this grove of pines were admittedly slim .
tr	NN	That negative balance at the bottom of the page was too terrifying to wait for an e-mail response .
tr	NNS	Adonis shook his head , and his blond curls fell into his eyes .
tr	NN	And the prophecy says that the technology comes from the Antichrist .
tr	NNS	The abyss was between us now .
tr	NN	The bastard would die .
tr	NNS	Maybe , teachers automatically entered bad grades because he and Megan missed so many classes ?
tr	NN	Another cough and Patterson paled .
tr	NN	But revenge wouldn 't solve anything .
tr	NN	At some point the overeager dragon pulled his leather leggings down to his knees .
tr	NN	The townsfolk are not stupid .
tr	NNS	Most biblical scholars agree that the flood would have taken place around 2300 BCE , during the Early Bronze Age .
tr	NNS	Classes are coming to an end and I don 't have a lot of homework left to do .
tr	NNS	And when you stood out , the wolves licked their chops .
tr	NNS	The two dog-like creatures had grown quiet and seemed to be sticking close to the group as they started to run silently through the forest .
tr	NNS	Eyes wide , the twins took off .
tr	NN	" Ok , so where are you ? "
tr	NNS	Some figures shaped like mountains and buildings made up the bottom of the motif .
tr	NNS	Of the very few that had been found , the passengers were gone , disappeared to God knows where .
tr	NNS	Things are heating up . "
tr	NN	My uncle Monty , the high school basketball coach , had been living in our house while we were away .
tr	NN	Subject # 30 was frozen until he was needed in the forest village , " said The Manager .
tr	NNS	Light bulbs twinkle to life , illuminating the corridors and chasing away the darkness .
tr	NN	While he was trying to shake it off , the hunter came after me .
tr	NNS	Speaking of , my wrists really hurt .
tr	NNS	Before long the first music fans arrived .
tr	NN	The sergeant cautiously opened the hatch in the horse 's belly .
tr	NNS	Flowers of every color bloomed , petals floating from them and dancing to the ground .
tr	NNS	The nurses cleaned her up and lifted her onto a new bed , which caused more pain for a moment .
tr	NN	The mausoleum backed onto one of the four great hills of the cemetery ; it was a private area away from any other graves .
tr	NNS	Her hacking skills were probably ten times his own .
tr	NN	The uniformed policeman gave us baleful looks : he had been robbed of his prey .
tr	NN	For heaven 's sake , how much damage could a tiny little innocent tree frog do , after all ?
tr	NN	So maybe there was a basketball player she was hoping to see , and maybe to dance for .
tr	NN	The prophecy couldn 't have made it more obvious unless it had said his name .
tr	NN	But he was so pumped up on adrenaline , the precaution had no doubt been unnecessary .
tr	NN	The payoff was worth it .
tr	NNS	The two combined created a mixture of emotions that buzzed through the air and made me nauseous .
tr	NN	But the question was , would Sweet Dove have taken his memories of being in this house before ?
tr	NNS	" All sources of energy in our Universe run down .
tr	NN	Your night viewing equipment will be invaluable . '
tr	NNS	" Guns scare the crap out of him , but good luck getting him to admit it .
tr	NN	With a single look and a nod , the young barkeep instructed the young boy to go on buffing the tables .
tr	NN	Only a laptop and a book were on the surface .
tr	NNS	Suddenly , runes appeared on his cheeks and forehead .
tr	NNS	Questions are racing through my head so quickly I 'm hardly aware of anything around me .
tr	NNS	Anyway , she told herself , wolves don 't attack people .
tr	NN	I slide beneath one horse as it rears up , its rider jerked at the end of the lead .
tr	NNS	The other two streams of power pounded against the walls making it sound like someone was knocking on them like a crazed lunatic .
tr	NN	The raven stayed there until the moment I came out of my mother 's womb and started crying .
tr	NNS	The twins were always strong fighters , even as young children , but since Ere fell , they 've fought like men possessed .
tr	NN	Everything north of Missouri will be so cold that crops won 't grow .
tr	NN	Love , deep and abiding , suddenly radiated from the Marat girl like heat from a stove .
tr	NN	The stone pavement felt cold as I dropped to my knees .
tr	NNS	" Any super soldier programs we ever heard about were complete flops .
tr	NNS	The Render drones flailed helplessly , swirling around them on the surface of the rising water .
tr	NN	There was a general scuffle to get out of the way .
tr	NN	The colonel couldn 't save your legs .
tr	NN	Her gratitude morphed into pure wickedness .
tr	NN	The farther he went down the hill , his motion became more erratic .
tr	NNS	But the testosterone levels in the room had reached a new high the moment she 'd entered .
tr	NN	Jazz sipped cola and scanned the mirrors again .
tr	NN	The guilt and regret didn 't cloud her eyes .
tr	NN	The medic pushed the gurney into the emergency room .
tr	NNS	Your cards didn 't tell you her name ? "
tr	NNS	Jewels had said something to make him start working again .
tr	NN	" Which alone must be of material benefit , and perhaps with these pavilions also - " The secretary was shaking his head .
tr	NN	Her greeting is friendly .
tr	NN	The castle was the ghost of itself .
tr	NN	The robe was too big and its material too strong to tear up .
tr	NN	Her pulse raced , and her breath came quickly as she reached for something , anything at all , that might allow her to get her bearings .
tr	NNS	Perhaps the ladies and effeminate men in the audience can imagine a huge bar of Toblerone tempting you from the cupboard .
tr	NNS	Your cookies suck ass .
tr	NN	A little closer to the lake a heap of sacking slid sideways .
tr	NNS	Sadness shoves its way into my heart .
tr	NNS	Folks were saying it was because so many of the men had gone off to fight in the war .
tr	NN	One kelp vine snaked skyward and a cold light , like luciferase , touched its tip .
tr	NN	Either Sam 's own pitch was close to perfect , or he wanted mine badly enough that he 'd thought through the pros and the cons .
tr	NNS	But their efforts weren 't sufficiently concerted .
tr	NN	his body language said .
tr	NNS	Gentle sobs were waking Jez from his deep cold slumber .
tr	NNS	" How do ghosts do that without air ? "
tr	NNS	The flakes would turn to rain where I stood . "
tr	NNS	Images of Duncan distracted her like a magic spell .
tr	NNS	Short wisps of hair framed her face making her look small and feminine .
tr	NNS	" Things have changed . "
tr	NNS	Their expressions brought otherwise to full focus .
tr	NN	The savory fragrance of his recipe makes my stomach growl in eager anticipation .
tr	NNS	But before he 'd taken more than a half dozen steps in my direction , two more Reapers had moved to block him .
tr	NN	A normal engagement ring after this evening would have seemed just wrong .
tr	NNS	Almost as if they 'd heard the challenge , the lightbulb creatures started moving , walking forward .
tr	NN	His agony was worth sparing hers .
tr	NN	Tell them you hunt vampires and see if they think you 're a safe bet as husband material .
tr	NNS	The only ghosts were the answering echoes of their footsteps .
tr	NN	As was his resolve .
tr	NN	Just shut up , bitch , " Kate said .
tr	NNS	And as he fought , more images filled her head .
tr	NN	Love said nothing as he raised his hand to the door .
tr	NNS	Alicia asked , her extremities still stunned by the development .
tr	NNS	Internet searches do not come up with anything about her other than stories related to her marriage .
tr	NNS	Others stopped and looked at him with horror ; he was suddenly bellowing and screaming .
tr	NNS	The last few defenders gathered about the Dragon 's Teeth .
tr	NN	But his reputation suggested he wasn 't an innocent , either .
tr	NN	You ' l draw attention to yourselves .
tr	NN	No other angel could make him laugh as much as Devlin had , and none could take his place .
tr	NN	But the castle had stood , and so had the Kindred .
tr	NNS	Things won 't look so bad when you 're not exhausted .
tr	NN	Darnell 's scowl deepened as he rubbed thoughtfully at his chin and focused on Bishop and Lloyd .
tr	NN	Her own yard was an embarrassment , not that Alix spent much time worrying about grass and stuff like that .
tr	NN	Oh , there was the nausea from the toad 's rumblings , certainly , but that was par for the course .
tr	NN	Eddie was in his garage , the door open , playing around on his guitar .
tr	NNS	Looks like we 'll be kicked to the curb together . "
tr	NNS	Things are not going so well for Grey House at the moment . "
tr	NN	His inability to move didn 't extend to his lips .
tr	NNS	Rotting boards crisscrossed the lower windows .
tr	NN	Where was the proof ?
tr	NNS	Muscles clenched in places that had lain dormant for too long .
tr	NNS	" There are thousands upon thousands , Eno .
tr	NN	" Where 's your proof ? "
tr	NNS	If you hadn 't come when you did , those creatures would have eaten me for dinner . "
tr	NN	The fellow wasn 't giving me much time to think about this offer , and he 'd given me even less information to decide what to do .
tr	NN	The lighter flared and Ben bent his head toward the flame .
tr	NNS	" -- various claims of responsibility have already begun to surface on jihadist websites from groups with Al Qaeda connections .
tr	NN	" He 's alive , " the agent announced .
tr	NNS	Others sat in their chairs yelling praises to God , or praying quietly to God .
tr	NN	Her goodbye exchange with Mr. Middleton had given Lacy even more cause for hope .
tr	NN	There 's a stack of bills that have to be paid in the second from the top drawer of my filing cabinet .
tr	NNS	Then the dwarves bowed low before their Gate , but words stuck in their throats .
tr	NNS	As one , the members of the Council stood .
tr	NN	The barbiturate coma had been a nightmare of darkness , of nothingness , which he didn 't want to experience again , even in a mild form .
tr	NNS	Still , his boldness accompanied a strange and dangerous naiveté that did not allow him to appreciate the full consequences of his actions at times .
tr	NN	A rainbow of colors swirled on top of table .
tr	NNS	Two tall lean clowns that appeared to be twins , were pulling pieces of tubing out and setting up something to the side of the arena .
tr	NN	" This punk Rhodes is nothing .
tr	NN	" And my appreciation of strong drink . "
tr	NNS	As such , my landing strips are always the same .
tr	NN	The stench was astonishing .
tr	NN	" And what a foolish thing that was , " her uncle said .
tr	NN	The sheriff had to be the meanest man alive .
tr	NN	The medic straightened and returned to his normal tone of voice .
tr	NN	However , as he stepped out of the van and cast his stare towards South Leeds Stadium , a grimace passed over his lips .
tr	NNS	" All businessmen , " Golden said .
tr	NNS	There weren 't even four empty seats , indicating where Spencer , Aria , Emily , and Hanna should be sitting .
tr	NN	" It will give me great pleasure killing the last paladin , " said the werewolf .
tr	NN	" So now my friend Zelda has the same problem with her little Ziggy and I 'm trying to remember the name of that diet .
tr	NNS	Had the witnesses known it was his brother or had they , too , believed Brent 's pretense ?
tr	NN	The cool dew on his face told him it was very early .
tr	NNS	Lights on the ceilings flashed red .
tr	NNS	" I saw it all from a distance , " nodded red trousers .
tr	NNS	The winds were too cold and crisp to make it without a heat source .
tr	NNS	Images blurred , re-formed in different perspective .
tr	NN	The moon goddess was her mother 's favorite , even prompting her to name her daughter after one of the moon 's many titles .
tr	NN	The dragon moved languidly over its hoard .
tr	NNS	Once a network is formed , multiple members of the network can bring a weaker telepath into their group .
tr	NN	Chance interrupted our conversation by plopping in the booth beside me .
tr	NNS	There were four floors below us , arranged in identical , expanding , smooth circular terraces not dissimilar to those of an ancient Roman arena .
tr	NN	Every instinct screams to protect her , to fight .
tr	NNS	How often do Metro trains come ?
tr	NN	" Dat " s right , " said a troll .
tr	NN	" Blue Team you are good to go , " said the Captain quietly into his throat mike .
tr	NNS	The butterflies assembled on the small riverbank , forming a wall against the quiet river behind them .
tr	NN	A cable and harness dropped down .
tr	NNS	But even so , his intervals of consciousness were only about ten minutes at a time , a few times a day .
tr	NNS	Things look bad . "
tr	NNS	Girls jumped up from the sagging sofa and miscellaneous easy chairs and rushed to crowd around Nell Smith .
tr	NN	At the grocery store his usual routine was to grab just the essentials and juggle everything in his arms .
tr	NNS	Diggs and I transferred Einstein and my things to the speedboat , and Hammond pulled up anchor and piloted away .
tr	NNS	Marius walked over to the railing , still grumbling , and stood next to Colton .
tr	NNS	Her unbelievable locks will turn to serpents at the first opportune moment . "
tr	NN	My secrecy was about to bite me in the ass .
tr	NN	And secrecy - " I turned around to look at Blade .
tr	NNS	His pupils had widened , the darkness swallowing the blue of his eyes .
tr	NN	The development of nuclear weapons technology may the be single most significant creation of science .
tr	NNS	Four werewolves ran before us , and then vanished .
tr	NN	Love wasn 't something I was looking for .
tr	NN	For a split second her pulse paused , time stopped , and an illogical message flitted through her brain .
tr	NN	On this one night , his dark clothing and long black coat fit right in .
tr	NN	The sharing of information worked in reverse , too , so he knew damn well what he was doing to her .
tr	NN	The resultant click boomed like a gong to his ears .
tr	NN	Terror had had time to drain away a little .
tr	NN	The canoe made a landing at the river 's " edge while Janet scrambled down the rocky bank .
tr	NNS	And food sources would eventually disappear .
tr	NNS	Nearby couples watched with admiration when they effortlessly executed fairly complicated twirls and dips .
tr	NN	Our ritual was to wave , so we did .
tr	NN	The small red chip lay next to the microphone .
tr	NNS	Things are getting hot around here .
tr	NN	" That y ' all were dating , " she said , looking at me apologetically .
tr	NN	There 's proof you didn 't , so why would he still think you 're behind it ? "
tr	NNS	Things are ... easier this way . "
tr	NNS	Others have been using that model for a long time , with infinite subtlety and patience .
tr	NNS	Then Duncan turned to Abbey , " My brother races sailboats . "
tr	NN	The automobile started immediately .
tr	NN	From a business and monetary standpoint , the damage from the first fire had been extensive enough to put her deadline in jeopardy .
tr	NN	The agent asks , " Who 's he ? "
tr	NNS	The magical coils dissolved as they made contact .
tr	NNS	" We like the dark , " said the dwarves .
tr	NNS	Things are starting to feel strange , distant .
tr	NN	I reach over and open it to the last page , with Jesse 's narrow scrawl , his last entry : Scar = Resilient .
tr	NN	One deep inhale and a shaky exhale , careful to blow the smoke away from me , and only then did he say a word .
tr	NN	" When the world was born , as was our entire race .
tr	NN	The real voodoo isn 't along these streets .
tr	NNS	Things will never be the same . "
tr	NN	" Her aura reads in funny colors to me , but I believe she really loves you . "
tr	NNS	Reyes finally released her and turned slightly so that Angelica came into his line of sight .
tr	NN	With his chest uncovered , the energy pulse sunk into his muscles and set fire to his insides .
tr	NNS	These trousers have fit me for almost a year . "
tr	NN	A pretty blush spread up her cheeks , and she made no move to push his hand away .
tr	NNS	Nerves were ragged , especially with the locals .
tr	NN	" Yes , well ... " My grandmother looks up at me without an ounce of shame .
tr	NNS	Most rats will overlook the fact that he 's unbalanced , because he 'll be telling them exactly what they want to hear .
tr	NN	There was a metallic clang as his head struck metal , a sharp pain , and then Barnes landed on top of him , grunting and cursing .
tr	NNS	His hopes quickly deflated .
tr	NN	The discomfort of a full bladder was not a topic she wished to pursue .
tr	NNS	Doors were closing . "
tr	NN	" Skip ... " The sheriff sighed , then smoothed his bushy mustache before turning his attention back to Constance .
tr	NN	" And there 's a great wisdom to letting the press troop through this house at their leisure as well . "
tr	NNS	With each slow stride ahead , more murmurs die out .
tr	NNS	Things like this haven , t been used in a laboratory in decades . "
tr	NN	" Fine fellow , Douglas , he commented . "
tr	NN	Their first exchange of words was neither brilliant nor witty .
tr	NN	" Love is only part of it .
tr	NN	In his world there was honor among thieves in a sense .
tr	NNS	His footsteps boomed with great confidence down the stairwell , but caution has staid his tread as it did mine .
tr	NNS	Words stuck in her throat .
tr	NNS	Some pirates flew after us while others made the night lively by still blazing away at us .
tr	NNS	Girls like a well-groomed Wolf . "
tr	NN	Her robe altered from an all-encompassing shroud to a tightly fit and strategically cut gown .
tr	NN	Nimble thinking , the Sphinx said , dark eyes twinkling .
tr	NNS	My efforts paid off .
tr	NN	His balcony filled with thick , noxious smoke until Conrad disappeared ... Jayne sat up sharply .
tr	NNS	" There were two pairs of tickets .
tr	NNS	He held out his own , upper arms bent at his sides , forearms perpendicular to his body , palms facing up .
tr	NNS	How many coffees have you had ?
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , the criminal gangs had found plenty of other weapons , with the result that urban Canada was overwhelmed .
tr	NNS	Suddenly figures materialized in the dust ahead of them .
tr	NNS	The landscapes grew darker , colder , more dangerous , harder to control .
tr	NNS	The footsteps certainly sounded heavy enough .
tr	NN	His moustache quivered nervously .
tr	NN	" The ruby , " Arlen whispered , and Alice tightened her grasp on her arm .
tr	NNS	The wolves behind him had caught up and latched themselves onto his ankles .
tr	NN	In fact , the poor husky would already be dead if not for the herculean efforts of Dr. Edmund Dent .
tr	NNS	" Married couples make love , Jolene .
tr	NNS	" They 'd butcher their own meat , grow their own vegetables , mill flour .
tr	NN	A museum sounded a bit boring , but at least they 'd be out of the rain .
tr	NNS	Things are so much better about that now , but back then it was chaos .
tr	NNS	Things can stop ' in ' time , but time itself can 't stop .
tr	NN	The pilot tipped his hat .
tr	NN	His secretary paused slightly on the other line before responding , " Yes , Ms. Carmichael .
tr	NNS	Do clowns bother you ? "
tr	NNS	Sirens were much louder outside the car .
tr	NNS	Dissenting churches came in as many different varieties as their were people in churches .
tr	NNS	Instead , a huge laboratory space opened ahead of him , shining with stainless steel and smooth disinfected , spotless surfaces .
tr	NNS	Her pupils are so dilated that her eyes look black and enormous .
tr	NNS	Both boxers arrived at the arena and received the cheers from the audience .
tr	NNS	A dozen switches beat her , ripping her clothing .
tr	NNS	The locations seemed to be near dense jungle , where water was relatively scarce .
tr	NNS	Those types never try to run off .
tr	NN	Anna 's appetite disappeared as she started to come to the realization that she knew nothing of being a mother .
tr	NN	Love arrived , got rid of the lingering fan club , spoke to the officer on the scene and had the hero ushered into an ambulance .
tr	NNS	These vile creatures attack us for our supplies of jelly beans .
tr	NNS	' Fortunately , your symptoms are at the mild end of the scale .
tr	NNS	The warriors cried out in one long animal scream .
tr	NN	The vendor nodded politely to Maxwell and then said , " Looking lovely today , Ms. Maddy . "
tr	NN	There was no scarring or tissue damage .
tr	NN	The prognosis does not look good . "
tr	NN	The tips of its claws struck Guardian magic , amber sparks crackling upwards as if from a campfire .
tr	NN	It had been Uncle Macon 's problem with Lila , Link 's with Ridley .
tr	NN	But hey , if you 're into that kind of stuff , then you 'll get what I 'm talking about . "
tr	NNS	Dark creatures that I don 't understand , nor wish to understand .
tr	NN	Obviously , the troublemaker didn 't know this area very well .
tr	NN	The scary guys were walking in a group towards the crowd , and then from my right , more Fallen shifted in .
tr	NN	Amos Thompson 's white buffalo stood amid the dunes surrounding Winkler 's beach house , guarding the property with two of Winkler 's wolves .
tr	NN	Yet another term associated with witchcraft . )
tr	NNS	All roads lead to home . "
tr	NN	The turbulence was getting worse , as evidenced by the increasing bumps and shudders .
tr	NNS	The creatures that had haunted her dreams and waking nightmares for years , were back after a year 's absence .
tr	NNS	On the left , thin puffs of grey dust shot out of the office complex windows .
tr	NN	Red tape meant nothing in the aftermath of the earthquake .
tr	NNS	Her hackles came up at the disgraced part .
tr	NN	What little I knew about old Mr. Thorne 's personality indicated he was a misanthrope , intensely difficult to be around , but completely without malice .
tr	NNS	When the young man went through his last day , the listening figures rocketed up .
tr	NNS	The screens changed to a camera view of Main Street .
tr	NN	" Ah , little one , your integrity does not factor into the vampire code .
tr	NN	The presentation hesitated for a moment .
tr	NNS	His stress levels shot up .
tr	NN	The heap had stopped moving .
tr	NNS	Two small objects fell from the jersey as I tossed it towards Theo , and I bent to retrieve them .
tr	NNS	The mattress was soft and more comfortable than the one I had been forced to lie on for the last three days .
tr	NN	His self-deprecating charm would be out of place in the face of such bald honesty and sincerity .
tr	NN	The Light of the Morning Star fell down from the ceiling .
tr	NN	The porcelain sprayed away in tiny , chiming splinters .
tr	NNS	The stores on either side were open and seemed to be doing a standard amount of business .
tr	NN	And eventually the dark peeled back layer by layer , and with imperceptible gradations the sky feathered to a delicate pale blue .
tr	NNS	" The ghosts of the past will haunt you for years and the certainties of the future will elude you until you take command of your lives .
tr	NN	The stack of bills inside told him everything he needed to know about the old lady .
tr	NNS	Skip classes , smoke a little weed .
tr	NNS	The wooden slats ripped at the creatures , tearing bloodless gashes that they never felt .
tr	NNS	The pirates then played at the shore , with rum in their hands .
tr	NNS	With only 65 seconds remaining , Mario 's chances did not look good since a field goal was all the Rams needed .
tr	NN	As she returned to the car , his complete lack of interest made her that much more adamant to come back and learn how to fly .
tr	NNS	Despite a crack across his face that sent stinging exploding under his skin , Carmine 's heavy eyelids closed .
tr	NNS	" There were attempts to find a cure before , but I haven 't heard of any successful ones that actually turned vampires back to humans .
tr	NNS	My efforts gained momentum as the ice nearer the shore solidified beneath me .
tr	NNS	Screams assaulted my eardrums .
tr	NN	The naughty nursing student wasn 't endangering his health , nor was he my patient .
tr	NNS	Maks shook his head .
tr	NN	As you may have noticed , my uncle is not quite right in the head .
tr	NNS	The visitors abused the bikes , and the tourism operators did very little maintenance .
tr	NNS	The suits from Excelsior were all very sorry .
tr	NN	Your goal is a simple one -- don 't get hit . "
tr	NN	My bra hung loose around my shoulders , and the top button of my jeans was undone .
tr	NN	The bark of foxes mingled with the growls of wolves .
tr	NN	The roaring torrent is deep and wide -- and loud that clarion voice replied . "
tr	NN	" Or if not obvious , " replied Millie , " still more than a tad unnatural .
tr	NN	The flashlight she held illuminated the room in sections .
tr	NN	The bastard knew how hot he was and he wasn 't ashamed of flaunting it .
tr	NN	Reality flooded her mind - how she couldn 't afford to walk away , that was , if he offered her the job .
tr	NNS	Wasting valuable resources was not something he was willing to do .
tr	NNS	Trading e-mails was better than nothing but they weren 't a substitute for face-to-face communication .
tr	NNS	Herman 's jaws slowed for a second , but he said nothing .
tr	NNS	" Old wives ' tales have a touch of truth . "
tr	NN	Yes , your ma knew the way all right .
tr	NN	Was this strange pulse a thing for which the brains were unprepared ?
tr	NNS	Two figures in scrubs moved across the screen , working in what appeared to be a NICU , a neonatal intensive care unit .
tr	NN	Now a great weariness came down on him like a cloud .
tr	NN	How much Ethan , your father 's partner in crime , took from your father to make you immortal ? "
tr	NNS	Fat drops of rain pelted us as we rolled up to the wraparound porch .
tr	NN	" This interim just ' ere we join with the enemy , however , is irksome .
tr	NNS	Things would certainly be different , this Christmas .
tr	NNS	The dwarves hunkered behind the columns and wept .
tr	NNS	" How far down did these pirates bury their treasure ? "
tr	NN	The majority were barefoot , dirty feet bouncing excitedly on the dusty road .
tr	NN	A goblet appeared : a golden chalice with burning red rubies embedded in its swirls .
tr	NNS	These creatures actually have babies , or pups , that learn shape shifting as early as 12 in human years .
tr	NN	" A revolution in music , " I declared , reverently setting them on the floor .
tr	NNS	The beatings had begun , only escalating through the years .
tr	NN	A guardian they didn 't even know .
tr	NN	" A little goodnight kiss ? "
tr	NN	Not a word gentry used very often .
tr	NN	" Excuse - Oh , Thane , " the siren said , his voice as lovely as a symphony .
tr	NN	In the hallway before us , as the walls pulsed and the floor shook , a dark mass appeared , and I nearly peed myself .
tr	NN	That land agent back there in Fairplay said there was a lake down there and that the land borders it on one side . "
tr	NN	The gold pendant hung right over the cleft of her breasts .
tr	NNS	Things seemed almost strained between them .
tr	NNS	Alexis and her people fought from beginning to the end to destroy their type of global extremism .
tr	NNS	Its depths seemed to gape at her , hungry , aching .
tr	NN	" That wool makes me itch all over . "
tr	NNS	Lights glittered on the mountain .
tr	NN	Where Cage 's stupid declaration wouldn 't scare them off , loyalty to me would .
tr	NN	" Guess texting for a pizza is out of the question . "
tr	NNS	Security cameras , café equipment , consulting practice documents , research projects , accounts payable ... everything . "
tr	NNS	The swarms were all around us , hanging back by the clusters .
tr	NN	The rope tightened ; Heather grasped the primary rope , using her arms to help pull herself up the cliff face .
tr	NN	Then again , following instinct was something every Druid man and woman was taught to do from birth .
tr	NN	her grandmother announced happily , letting the camera drop back around her neck .
tr	NN	The lack of words told everything .
tr	NN	The dwarf followed my gaze , frowned , and nodded .
tr	NN	A roar washed over the car along with the strange wind , forming itself into words .
tr	NNS	The ceiling fans turned off , ending the soft hum that until recently had filled the room .
tr	NNS	The noxious fumes filled the room quicker than I could blink .
tr	NN	But basketball is too fast , too reactive .
tr	NN	The pilot competently studied his console for a moment .
tr	NNS	These abilities allowed humans to manipulate , control , and even destroy the world around them .
tr	NNS	Their minds were spinning with whom they would side for if such a thing happened .
tr	NNS	" Things were great while you were gone !
tr	NNS	The bare wooden floors made a bit of an echo , footsteps clacking unnaturally loud .
tr	NNS	The footsteps could be anyone .
tr	NNS	" So , what classes do you share with Rigel ? "
tr	NN	Her ardent declaration slid through his mind like fragrant smoke , chasing away the shadows that had steadily encroached on him over the last two days .
tr	NNS	Two rows of zombies , followed by skeletal warriors , vampires , werewolves and various unrecognized monsters , filed into the dining hall .
tr	NNS	Nerves rocked through him , but he held his ground , glared at me while he spoke .
tr	NNS	Two steps later , the bulbs brightened with a whirr of electric current .
tr	NN	A moment later she blurted , " The lord wanted only young and pretty maids to serve in the chambers . "
tr	NN	The maid reappeared as we stepped onto the first floor , and led us to a small front bedroom .
tr	NNS	Lilla 's warriors were always brave and valiant , so why did I feel scared and homesick ?
tr	NNS	Flames scorched my already heated skin .
tr	NNS	Myles rearranged the piles of paper on his desk as he digested what he 'd been told .
tr	NN	If it weren 't for us , his race wouldn 't exist . "
tr	NN	The leader of this mission , Crewe , stands aloof and takes no notice of us .
tr	NNS	" Do these changes of gravity happen often .
tr	NNS	Cassius released one of his arms , but kept a tight hold of me with his remaining arm .
tr	NN	Lucky for Mrs. Favreau her granddaughter had exploded in a burning ball of fire .
tr	NN	The saliva was building up in my mouth just thinking about someone doing that to my wife .
tr	NNS	Chartres leaped from his horse , threw the reins to a footman , and offered his arm to his sister .
tr	NN	" Raegan 's birthday is coming up , too .
tr	NN	Even worse , if he did say anything the captain would throw him overboard , personally .
tr	NNS	Your chances of escaping are zero , so you might as well accept that you 'll die today .
tr	NNS	Werewolves are about four times the size of a normal wolf , so there 's no question about the difference . "
tr	NNS	" Things , at home , I don 't know if they 'll be OK . "
tr	NN	How it was only through old Brien , his distant relative , that he had found status and family again .
tr	NN	" I can 't believe it , " responded the pilot in shock .
tr	NN	Terror drove a steel gloved fist into his heart .
tr	NN	A low chuckle escaped Olsson 's lips .
tr	NNS	The fingernails of her free hand curled into her palm as she heard Clay move to the window .
tr	NNS	Words and colours could not describe the sight .
tr	NN	The headmaster is coming , and I made sure he heard about your great escape . "
tr	NN	The troll put one of Joey 's arms over her own shoulder and Jade took the other .
tr	NNS	Sam 's actions proved it .
tr	NN	It 's ok , really , " I said , stepping towards the door .
tr	NN	" Look out , they 've got guns , " his partner shrieked , reaching for the phone and his sidearm .
tr	NNS	Things are happening in the spiritual realm that he is intimately involved with .
tr	NN	" I 've heard a lot about you , " the secretary said , smiling .
tr	NN	Same concept as the Mormon priesthood , although we 're not Mormons .
tr	NN	" Of course , " the dean said .
tr	NN	The captain appeared and dragged out some boards from the floor of the boat to form a ramp .
tr	NNS	Elias didn 't appear in the mood to be yanked .
tr	NNS	" When you tuck it into your jeans , your tits look amazing . "
tr	NN	What progress I 'd made wilted in the face of such pain .
tr	NNS	" Your quarters are here . "
tr	NN	The tail in the mixed evening traffic was easy .
tr	NNS	" There are three low ranking members of the ship 's crew waiting for you outside your cabin .
tr	NNS	In the organics ' hands are bent signs .
tr	NN	If the resistance grows , the government and the military will do anything they can to stop it .
tr	NNS	Some types of cold have nothing to do with skin and blankets , but are a cold of heart and soul .
tr	NN	The lifeboat rapidly left the two boys behind as it continued with the wild swirl of the maelstrom .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately for them , all signs show the star is in the process of going supernova .
tr	NNS	Screams rang out here and there .
tr	NNS	Screams and shouts greeted us .
tr	NN	Thinking of Kate made me feel awful and I tried to block out the pain .
tr	NNS	Amazingly , neither the goblins nor additional Minions of Death had caught up to them .
tr	NNS	From the periphery , the mech wolves began to close in on them .
tr	NN	Hot seed spurted inside her , pulsing deep ... so deep ... His muscles tensed .
tr	NN	" So something 's got ta give . "
tr	NNS	" Naturally , " the twins answered in unison .
tr	NNS	Starbucks turns slowly back to the window and sighs .
tr	NNS	Those vital vein clogging creatures won 't do you any good . "
tr	NNS	Reyes , who had his arm wrapped around a human female 's waist , stepped into the light , but they were gone a moment later .
tr	NNS	Thoughts ran wild across her head , none staying long enough to catch and take root .
tr	NNS	Then the drips turn into drizzle , and Ryan grabs my hand .
tr	NNS	On each , three previously unseen dark spots rotated in Chris 's direction , two small spots above one large spot .
tr	NNS	Things got a little energetic , that 's all .
tr	NN	" But the puppet didn 't talk .
tr	NN	Even a simple innocent stroke sent heat throughout her body .
tr	NNS	Without moving their heads , cats can detect motion over a visual field of two hundred and eight degrees .
tr	NNS	There 's a puppy downstairs going crazy because he wants to see you and there is work to be done . "
tr	NN	The exercise was making his leg hurt , but the skies were turning dark and he wanted to hurry before nightfall came .
tr	NN	Her pulse leaped as he turned her onto a smaller trail , one off the beaten path that lead into a cluster of trees .
tr	NNS	Harlin curses , glancing away .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids were lead weights .
tr	NNS	More cottages dotted the woodlands as they neared the village .
tr	NN	How had the temp jumped fifteen degrees that quickly ?
tr	NNS	Rafe felt a sudden and uncomfortable sensation in the pit of his stomach , caused by the ruthless removal of all his solid facts .
tr	NNS	Still , the demands of the day , the strictures of routine , helped a great deal .
tr	NN	Even a novice like Tony Grant knew that .
tr	NNS	The expressions of the front door guards were as blank as I 'd ever seen them .
tr	NN	The fallen log right here , remember ?
tr	NN	The wounded intruder lay beside the kill , its chest inflating in perfect rhythm with the wind .
tr	NNS	After the attack , the five Asian colleagues gave Ahmed a " wide berth , " and avoided him at every opportunity .
tr	NN	Grim determination claimed his young face .
tr	NNS	A few cobwebs draped over the books from the ceiling lights , connecting the shelves and books in dusty lines .
tr	NN	Despite his reservations , his only option was to trust his brother .
tr	NN	" Just milk , please . "
tr	NNS	The drones that had been spared stumbled off to dispose of the body of their old master .
tr	NN	The docking port was big enough to fly a capital ship through and was unshielded .
tr	NN	The siren roared , drowning out the music .
tr	NN	Truly , the leopard can change his shorts .
tr	NNS	To the citizens of Lock Core , the tales were legendary , and often retold .
tr	NN	In what universe does a few smashed up rose petals cost more than a microwave oven ?
tr	NN	Mac 's studio had been at the very top of the house , their aerie away from the world .
tr	NN	A fire dragon , wherever it was , was hitting this man 's mind with the power of a speeding truck .
tr	NN	" The sector government is very firm on that .
tr	NNS	There are thousands of pianists out there , playing their fingers to the bone , and there are only about four or five superstars .
tr	NN	The progression of the leukemia had slowed considerably .
tr	NN	Kylie 's spine went ramrod straight .
tr	NN	Their excited shrieking gave her the shivers .
tr	NNS	Gramps puts his hand on my shoulder .
tr	NNS	" Who are the twins ? "
tr	NNS	Every moment counts , the longer it remains open , the more of the Dark Army we must face .
tr	NN	Plus some fucker bit you this morning , and you still haven 't done nothing about it . "
tr	NN	" An added bonus is that he 'll be difficult to defeat .
tr	NNS	" Every year these roads get worse .
tr	NNS	The elevators went no farther than this level , and the stairs ended here as well .
tr	NN	So far , the balance remained .
tr	NNS	Not identical twins as she 'd first thought .
tr	NNS	The butterflies in my stomach started flapping in earnest .
tr	NN	The hound gave her a disapproving look , but he licked her hand as she scratched him , his chubby body shuddering with delight .
tr	NN	Only then does he notice that much of her body is exposed , the lace only hiding the most private parts .
tr	NNS	Things are going to change in Cape Falls .
tr	NN	Besides , this time grandmother said it should be her last house moving .
tr	NN	A dart pinned one of her pants legs to the ground , taking off a piece of material as her slide made it rip .
tr	NNS	New clients visiting Forte Security were likely to be confronted with her hulking African-American form blocking the entrance to the interior offices if they showed up unannounced .
tr	NN	A sheer white veil covered her face .
tr	NN	Instead , the commander ordered his men to disband , to aim their spears toward the horses , and break apart the Roman cavalry lines . "
tr	NNS	But his worries were unfounded .
tr	NNS	Whatever you want , no strings attached . "
tr	NN	Every workable copper mine !
tr	NNS	Too many factors converged to land us in this mess , nothing he could 've prevented .
tr	NNS	The shark 's gills went still and its lifeless body lay motionless on the deck .
tr	NN	The wood paneling was lighter , the furniture different , more modern .
tr	NN	Her audience shifted in their seats guiltily .
tr	NNS	There were sharp grooves on the hilt , and those grooves bit at his hand , drawing even more blood .
tr	NN	Link was smart enough to know a Dark Caster 's eyes when he saw them .
tr	NNS	The first settlers had brought the pins with them for the express purpose of building their defenses .
tr	NNS	Several members jumped out of their seats and applauded .
tr	NNS	But certain types of personalities are almost always present .
tr	NN	The sergeant pulled Sardines out of his pocket .
tr	NNS	Looks like something came across the body and just plain sucked everything right off ' em ! "
tr	NN	" I 'm afraid Grant here is right , " the lieutenant agreed .
tr	NN	On the other side of the room , a young knight rolled his eyes as a nobleman kept talking to him .
tr	NNS	The antiques and artifacts that once hung peacefully on the walls and rafters now lay shattered on the chilling wooden floor .
tr	NN	The older gentleman held out his hand .
tr	NN	It 's not much , just a photograph of a snow-covered lobster trap .
tr	NN	From behind her , the sloshing of water in Alec 's boots was clearly audible .
tr	NNS	Her followers couldn 't even pick a different instrument .
tr	NNS	Reyes nodded and spun on his heel .
tr	NN	The only reasoning was that Bob was having a nightmare about his captivity and still carried around some emotional problems with his torture .
tr	NNS	If he failed , the authorities or the cartel survivors would ensure that he either went to prison or was murdered .
tr	NN	In contrast to the footman , this fellow knew the business of the blade .
tr	NNS	Afterward , white petals will rain down on me , scattered by the priests , by the guests , by my parents .
tr	NN	Ian 's growl broke their kiss .
tr	NNS	Things will work out .
tr	NNS	Driving a brand new Mercedes SUV .
tr	NNS	A few drops of water splashed onto her richly embroidered green satin skirt .
tr	NN	The water tank gave a small chirp and the water started to drain .
tr	NN	" The leader with his anger held , The ones who hunt the horse .
tr	NN	" I 'm never going to forgive you , " she whispered , her eyes sherry and her face flushed .
tr	NNS	The images seemed to warp the very stone , as if those things really existed within it .
tr	NN	' Our singer can sing . '
tr	NN	The general description fit .
tr	NN	" A good luck charm , " I said .
tr	NN	The federal agent , Gunner , was right by her side .
tr	NNS	Things in Syria haven 't moved .
tr	NN	" Oh , but you , re especially hungry , aren , t you ? "
tr	NN	The rope slithered up into the fog , and then he heard the sound of the timber sliding back into the garret .
tr	NN	Our one stroke of luck came when we found Jasmine 's horse nibbling on some grass .
tr	NNS	Chartres plucked the lace at her throat .
tr	NNS	There were shouts , laughter , cat calls and wolf whistles from the audience .
tr	NN	The mechanism kept turning slowly and suddenly the cracked stone on top of the altar began shaking .
tr	NN	His father 's scowl deepened at Shaheen 's ready counter .
tr	NN	The leader sets off , running up and down the accelerating strips .
tr	NNS	The bulbs were ready to go in now that it was early April .
tr	NNS	The edges of her embarrassment developed in her blushing cheeks .
tr	NNS	Based on the same reaction I get from our other caste mates when you are mentioned , their mothers did the same .
tr	NNS	Elias said before wiping himself down .
tr	NN	" The charm spell ? "
tr	NNS	The sirens were drawing close .
tr	NN	" My neighbor works here .
tr	NN	There was a control panel on the wall with a blinking red light at eye level .
tr	NNS	And the only witnesses will be the endless supply of glue , paintbrushes , and tissue paper .
tr	NNS	Reyes stared at her for a long , hard moment .
tr	NNS	All around us , members of King Arthur 's court laughed and danced and ate .
tr	NNS	" These creatures can be dangerous . "
tr	NN	Maybe the embarrassment hurt more than the blow .
tr	NN	" Had some time ranching " he described lamely , gut wrenching while he fought against choking .
tr	NN	" Rescue flares ? "
tr	NNS	Their texts endanger others .
tr	NNS	Savage gangs roamed the land bent on surviving for one more day even if it meant eating their best friend .
tr	NNS	His abilities were quite formidable .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , the changes that he became aware of concerning Alexander and Maurice caused him to spontaneously reveal his secret life to her .
tr	NN	The injured shooter rolled around the ground wailing for a few moments whilst Breedlove and the tall man gazed at one another in utter silence .
tr	NNS	There are thousands of pages of the above-mentioned scholars to be read and reread .
tr	NN	Love said , as he watched Stuart pull out another bag .
tr	NNS	Kris and I have switched towns like mad .
tr	NN	A rainbow of fire swept across the gym , drowning the hunters in a maelstrom of energy .
tr	NNS	The giant tentacles coiled backward , perhaps waiting for their next unsuspecting prey .
tr	NNS	The chains rattled as I tried to stand but my balance failed me and I fell back down onto my knees .
tr	NN	The priest lay motionless at the base of the stove , his face sizzling .
tr	NN	The faint stirring was as much as he could muster from her , and Charlie 's heart sank slowly as the embrace continued .
tr	NNS	" Folks , unfortunately , I promised you several ladders than just the few you see here at the dwelling .
tr	NN	His hesitation was evident .
tr	NN	A tablet and pen were on the table near his elbow , along with an untouched cup of coffee provided by MacNeil .
tr	NNS	Girls may make you mad and make you crazy , but one day , a girl 's going to make you very happy . "
tr	NN	The mechanism turned in circles several times , unlike the previous ones .
tr	NN	Their entry into the building had been perfect .
tr	NNS	Dense planes of muscles stood out under his smooth skin , tempting her fingers to roam over him , memorizing every ridge and hollow .
tr	NNS	Two shots cracked in the night .
tr	NNS	CHAPTER 21 Things were a blur after that .
tr	NNS	Elias , exhausted , but feeling the sense of calm in the air , spoke up .
tr	NN	The spins pick up again , but it feels like my head and not the room .
tr	NNS	Things just got out of hand , that 's all .
tr	NNS	Looks like they bought it .
tr	NN	The archangel wanted his firm to be the one responsible for the identification and vanquishing of this new demon .
tr	NNS	The potions flew out of her hands , smashing against the hard cave wall .
tr	NNS	Her episodes were predictable in length and times , as most cases are , and at this point , Sera had it down to a science .
tr	NN	" How will attending an autopsy help get our feet wet ? "
tr	NNS	Within seconds the erratic areas steadied and began pulsing in a healthy fashion .
tr	NNS	My worries were still there , but for the moment , I floated above them , warm with the memory of Sam .
tr	NNS	My footsteps echoed throughout the capacious room the hal opened up to , encased by a hundred dirty windows .
tr	NNS	" The drugs don 't completely negate my psychic abilities .
tr	NN	The strange , feral gleam in the man 's eye made Hank want to turn around and run out the door .
tr	NN	And neither could the audience .
tr	NNS	Cars lined the streets near the church every Sunday , but no service was held inside .
tr	NNS	" I think history pretty well supports that hypothesis , Mercer .
tr	NN	The Master paused and nodded slowly before turning back to the Noble .
tr	NNS	Her vamp hunting instincts were definitely starting to kick in .
tr	NN	A damp musk tinged the air .
tr	NNS	All the possibilities of success and failure are dancing in your eyes . "
tr	NNS	Flames surged upward , reaching for the hole at the top of the hut .
tr	NNS	Tyson and Sam stifle chuckles and I shoot them a look .
tr	NNS	Growing up as a princess of the White Kingdom , my tutors had taught me about all the artifacts of power which my Father had inherited .
tr	NNS	The footsteps grew closer still , and Charlie watched as an impossible figure emerged from the darkness .
tr	NN	Her orgasm had been fantastic .
tr	NNS	His thumbs slid beneath her chin , tilting back her head to meet his curious gaze .
tr	NN	The local police sergeant stood well outside the tent as though washing his hands of the affair .
tr	NN	With Ferrero , there was always a crisis .
tr	NNS	The cliffs loomed now , dead trees and chunks of scattered rock coming into focus .
tr	NNS	His footsteps slowed as he walked towards the door .
tr	NN	At first Cricket thought the uncle was protecting his niece .
tr	NNS	" Animals make sense . "
tr	NNS	Looks factory-made to me . "
tr	NNS	When a woman was killed in broad daylight , strangled and thrust carelessly into a haystack , the rumours flared into panic .
tr	NN	The platoon leader glanced over at Chesney , touching his earphone , and gathered himself into a crouch .
tr	NNS	The old wooden boards sagged and creaked and moaned , but held under my weight .
tr	NN	" My bike 's chained to that tree . "
tr	NN	A retaliation strike will devastate their forces , create panic , and shatter the organization . "
tr	NN	Part of me almost hoped she would try the new machine without reading my warning .
tr	NN	A beige sedan followed a blue full-sized truck into the park .
tr	NNS	Nearly as many variations as anyone could possibly think of , but which one was it ?
tr	NNS	There were no roads to bring supplies , so I had no clue how it would 've been done .
tr	NN	" My angel has a more unusual life than I thought ... " he murmured .
tr	NN	The student left in a flurry of goodbyes , gathered books and thrown scarves .
tr	NNS	Young male wolves gained their abilities after their first shift .
tr	NNS	The breakers tripped , but it was too late .
tr	NNS	Others might use it to kill as well and escape the consequences in this fashion . "
tr	NN	For which we drive through the Cascade mountain range three times a year .
tr	NN	The picnic on Sunday went by slowly , and the entire day in general , even more slowly .
tr	NNS	So , without destinies , the passengers on the bus were silent , and they seldom twitched or moved .
tr	NN	No radiation from the fallout will melt his bones to liquid .
tr	NN	The captain grinned at the young trader .
tr	NN	Just behind her , the black dragon was quick to follow .
tr	NN	There was a wet prickle of sweat on the back of her neck .
tr	NNS	See that 's the problem , new versions of you turn up so quickly that people stopped paying attention to the deaths long ago . "
tr	NN	" That bastard deserved to be stuffed like a thanksgiving turkey by some 300 pound guy named Tiny . "
tr	NN	Hot seed spurted from him and onto the tub .
tr	NNS	The fireflies moved around her , giving the effect of a spotlight shining on her .
tr	NNS	Many fans are somewhat enamored of her , which is okay , because I am , too .
tr	NNS	Though this building seemed to be closed to the public , the ruins were a tourist attraction , giving the guards an easy supply of food .
tr	NN	The stench was in his nostrils , along with the pungent scent of terror .
tr	NN	One 4-hour EVA per day spent on work , the rest of the time to relax In the Hab .
tr	NN	" There 's the ranch ! "
tr	NNS	The wolves would be coming out at any time now .
tr	NN	The priest was dimly curious about where Innocent had been all day , but curiosity could wait .
tr	NN	Its long spiked tail swung like a nervous cat 's through the air .
tr	NN	The player varied the tempo and the emphasis , working further into the piece , exploring its edges without losing its rhythmic heart .
tr	NNS	The eight warriors still on their horses turned and retreated down the canyon leaving their dead and wounded where they lay .
tr	NN	The guilt that I carry around in me will briefly die and I 'll slowly die right along with it .
tr	NN	My orgasm created no pause in the action , though .
tr	NN	My favourite exercise was probably what they called ' marksmanship ' but we called ' shooting ' in loud voices .
tr	NN	" The dating wasn 't exact . "
tr	NN	For that matter , her uncle could even be on the council .
tr	NNS	Rufus looked over with a mild grin .
tr	NN	A layer of the same colored scales surrounded the eyes .
tr	NNS	Together , the goons rammed the door trying their best to bust through .
tr	NN	The operation took over an hour .
tr	NNS	If they revealed themselves , the shapeshifters would attack .
tr	NN	The page brought a fresh quill .
tr	NNS	The cool mattress pressed against her back .
tr	NN	Explains my dad , my uncle nods in both agreement and understanding .
tr	NN	" Maybe the concierge can git me a map or directions .
tr	NN	When Vlad pulled all of the way out , guilt assailed me .
tr	NN	Did the runner explain what has transpired ? "
tr	NN	A flutter of giggles answers for her , followed by hammering on the door .
tr	NN	As a sophomore , the hunger got worse .
tr	NN	" My lord , it 's raining heavily - " The man in the cape gave a nod in the direction of the tavern .
tr	NN	Terror built inside her .
tr	NN	In a blink of an eye , a bullet shot through Ken 's leg .
tr	NN	Our merger and acquisition attorneys will arrive from New York this afternoon .
tr	NNS	Her sudden , deep blush confirmed it .
tr	NN	His snort of laughter warned her , but before she could react , he clamped one arm around her waist and launched them skyward .
tr	NNS	" But his instincts to protect others are very strong in him .
tr	NN	The referee ordered Lea , who started to head to the said corner .
tr	NN	This time however , there certainly was some improvement compared to the last experience .
tr	NNS	Bugs could only laugh to himself at the wonderfully entertaining gall of his newest hire .
tr	NNS	" Thankfully , my spies found out all we needed to know .
tr	NN	The notion of having the conference first doesn 't seem to occur to people .
tr	NN	The caller says , " We need you at the hospital . "
tr	NNS	There were no websites bookmarked , no suspicious emails .
tr	NN	In a moment of weakness , guilt swarms me .
tr	NNS	In his mind even the little rats talk to him . "
tr	NNS	Things like this just didn 't happen to good , American girls .
tr	NN	Too much damage left in his wake , and he wouldn 't care .
tr	NN	Whether or not the musicians wanted to be saved , the raft was going to collide with the bank .
tr	NNS	The red letters flash in my mind .
tr	NN	The pilot was a veteran , which is why he was sent for the General and his very important passengers in the first place .
tr	NN	My left eyelid fluttered , but my right eye was swollen shut .
tr	NN	The dragon reared her head , breathing in the storm and loving every minute of it .
tr	NNS	Things can get pretty wild down here . "
tr	NNS	The slopes looked like fluffy clouds that had fallen to the ground .
tr	NNS	The possibilities were too horrible for her to consider .
tr	NN	This huge purple bruise has formed there .
tr	NNS	The values changed along with the technique , and this song I could recognize for sure .
tr	NN	The remaining tank resumed the advance , perhaps realizing that its tormentor didn 't need to show his face to fire his deadly weapon .
tr	NNS	Even his regular TV appearances had stopped .
tr	NN	" My agent takes nearly half of the price . "
tr	NNS	Things began to happen at an accelerating , confusing pace then .
tr	NN	Reality was that he was a captive of a cruel and pagan people .
tr	NN	Pen writing takes precision and time .
tr	NNS	" Others will perform those executions .
tr	NNS	The shots had ceased and the jeeps were getting closer .
tr	NN	The only illumination in the room was Will 's glowing stone , its light sunk down now to an ember between his fingers .
tr	NNS	No solutions anyway ... " " No Ashu , it is rather the contrary .
tr	NN	shouted the leader of the mob , but we crowded more closely about him .
tr	NNS	All her worries would go .
tr	NN	The roar of the shotgun stifled all other sounds .
tr	NN	The transport drifted down and the space station filled the view out the window .
tr	NNS	But that same year , the assailants actually came up with a nefarious innovation .
tr	NN	Because there 's no other explanation for that ! "
tr	NNS	His worst fears -- confirmed .
tr	NN	The damage to its side had continued to spark and crackle with unknown effects to its internal hardware .
tr	NNS	The countess appeared at Madeline 's side with a glass of water .
tr	NNS	Her wrists were already raw from trying .
tr	NN	A sob escaped her throat , then another one , then another one .
tr	NN	Such wisdom did little good if it simply remained in the head of a hermit who never again ventured forth from his retreat .
tr	NNS	Both boxers spent the rest of the minute to rest and plan their attacks .
tr	NN	Just as I open the car door , a football hits my windshield .
tr	NNS	Finally , his classmates caught him but they were not prepared by his falling weight .
tr	NNS	There were two seats , one high on a sort of throne , and the other in front of that one and below it .
tr	NNS	Sweat drops pooled on her forehead .
tr	NN	The winch had been an add-on from a previous owner .
tr	NN	Anger , annoyance and frustration all fused into a cocktail of heat and rage as she grabbed his shirt collar .
tr	NNS	Hilda 's aspirations were firmly on the rise , whereas Jack Smyth had issues to confront .
tr	NNS	There were several cameras hovering around above our heads , beaming live feed out to the world .
tr	NN	" You have to , " the traveler responds .
tr	NN	" Maybe a little guilt is a good thing .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids slid closed when he grasped her sides , his hands so big on her body , and rubbed his thumbs over her .
tr	NN	" She shot him with an arrow , ' t is true , but that is not what killed him .
tr	NNS	Her kisses were pure and sweet with just the right amount of hunger and passion .
tr	NNS	The three Alphas had taken it upon themselves to secure the woods .
tr	NN	Her reflection faced her in the mirror , her pale face seeming even whiter in the black window , enhancing the worry in her dark grey eyes .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately those communication skills didn 't extend to people .
tr	NN	Her perfect tail fin shone pale against the dark sand .
tr	NN	His reserve had always been notable .
tr	NNS	The letters were all marked return to sender .
tr	NNS	Pale strips of skin showed through on the backs of his hands .
tr	NNS	His face inches closer to my cheek and he brushes his soft lips against my skin .
tr	NN	My Advance 1 ballet exam was in June 2007 .
tr	NN	A leggy redhead in her twenties blinked in wide-eyed surprise .
tr	NN	A long sliver of wood from the ship 's bow had pierced his chest .
tr	NN	The superior courthouse in Santa Clara County is a white , four-story building on North First Street .
tr	NNS	My eyelids begin closing and I feel him shifting me so I can sleep .
tr	NN	The twinkle brought out the gold flecks in his irises , which she used to admire so much .
tr	NNS	The creatures parted reluctantly , snarling as he passed .
tr	NN	My next option is to walk away , and if he persists then can I resort to defensive action . "
tr	NNS	" What are the chances of arranging for another jet ?
tr	NN	Love found a spot and pulled in .
tr	NN	There was an eruption .
tr	NNS	Things went as planned with Jefferson keeping to his word .
tr	NN	The young captain was afraid , and he wasn 't afraid often .
tr	NN	" You are looking well , Sarah , " the captain observed casually .
tr	NNS	Words that would be twisted , tainted , mutilated into something grotesque and unrecognizable .
tr	NN	" The Defense report ? "
tr	NN	By the time the van was warm enough to crawl out , condensation fogged all the glass .
tr	NN	Her bra swiftly followed .
tr	NN	The nerve of the woman , Tabitha thought and tried to pull away .
tr	NN	The little cub was still , her breathing deep and even .
tr	NN	" We need to do a search , " Chad commanded , his body on instant alert .
tr	NNS	Our spies tell us Ackerman is busy counting its money and stashing it away to pay off the lawyers when the storm hits .
tr	NNS	Looks like the Hab is completely deflated and collapsed .
tr	NN	" Your virginity isn 't worth your life .
tr	NN	" Our Stefan has that effect on people .
tr	NN	A roar like an angry sea monster .
tr	NNS	Sadness fills me , as if it 's spreading from Abe 's body to mine .
tr	NNS	And the helpers know this .
tr	NNS	But drugs and disease tainted the blood and left a bad taste in his mouth .
tr	NN	My chuckle was a bit on the watery side , so I cleared my throat .
tr	NNS	Their flowery hats rose about a foot into the air , draped with silk to match their dresses .
tr	NNS	Its red depths seemed to laugh at her , mocking her pain .
tr	NNS	Things sure had changed quickly .
tr	NN	" She just needs a little handling , " the stable master added mildly .
tr	NNS	The pirates removed the noose and cut Jeff 's hands free before escorting him to the Captain 's quarters .
tr	NNS	Several frantic footsteps echo from the hallway and he is gone .
tr	NNS	Her actions were desperate , and probably well-thought .
tr	NN	The colonel had seen everything through the " eyes " of the drone , but needed more information before making a decision .
tr	NN	" There 's always a ton of amazing parties during Labor Day weekend . "
tr	NN	the sheriff said to the paramedic , lightly elbowing him in the ribs .
tr	NN	The pucker turned into a fully developed frown .
tr	NN	A sharp jab at her naked arm was the only response .
tr	NN	The young slave called Will returned with two bowls on a platter .
tr	NN	" You cannot stay , " the leader called from the doorway .
tr	NN	The bastard didn 't deserve to live .
tr	NNS	Alexis , was my godmother centuries ago and my mother 's best friend long before the Gothic Wars .
tr	NNS	Others clasped to either end .
tr	NN	I ' l go wake Cade . "
tr	NN	Cain stood up in a rush , clenching his fists , " Don 't doubt my resolve , boy !
tr	NNS	29 IT 'S ALMOST OVER , VIN READ .
tr	NN	Laughing , Rachel shut the wooden door and locked it , then turned to find herself in Sabin 's arms .
tr	NN	A terrible wailing started to form in my throat , but , perversely , a sudden sensation of water trickling over my foot reassured me .
tr	NNS	Aurelius smiled , lifted me up and settled me on his bed .
tr	NN	" He should stop for the night when he sees the pass is guarded , " the captain said , looking at the Prince .
tr	NNS	Looks like they 're from hospitals ... no , more like research facilities .
tr	NNS	" Casper 's ancestors were really into the gothic look . "
tr	NNS	Delores digs into her purse and pulls out her phone .
tr	NNS	Her face went a shade lighter , but other than that , there were no other signs of shock or doubt on her face .
tr	NNS	Moses is all out . "
tr	NN	" The pattern is slightly wrong . "
tr	NNS	The deep space reconnaissance satellites told the grim news that they were on their way .
tr	NN	The sharp thrust of the building seemed at home amid the jagged peaks , as if it had grown there naturally .
tr	NN	His command of English was admirable , but there were understandable gaps .
tr	NNS	Maggie 's hopes of eavesdropping faded .
tr	NN	A black tentacle came looping down to him then from the night sky .
tr	NNS	The pastel striped cushions were the same color as the wallpaper .
tr	NNS	Until shooting all the episodes for the show is over .
tr	NNS	Things were turning ugly .
tr	NNS	The cliffs here are slanted , like a child shoved them over , and they block most of the wind and all of the waves .
tr	NN	" Going home was never our intent , my lady .
tr	NNS	He leaned forward , checking street signs , then turned left .
tr	NNS	" There are fees involved when doing a transaction that go to paying the people that support the chain .
tr	NN	The violent lightening strike jarred George awake .
tr	NNS	but the servants were holding plates of food that seemed even more exotic than those down below .
tr	NNS	Soldiers came around the corner .
tr	NN	The bastard deserves whatever he gets . "
tr	NN	Along the runway , the audience remained abuzz .
tr	NNS	Looks like an alley , but a car can fit .
tr	NNS	His muttered curses filled the air with puffy clouds .
tr	NN	The race was fast .
tr	NN	The sprawling resort of a house had a pull on his heart nowhere else had .
tr	NN	A gorgeous nak * d guy at her mercy .
tr	NNS	Ouija boards and seances , and so on .
tr	NNS	His footsteps echoed through the room as he ran down it .
tr	NNS	The worms had to burn , which meant he had to burn with them .
tr	NNS	" Things are going to be a little dicey for a little bit .
tr	NN	The knight died immediately with the axe stuck across his chest .
tr	NN	Aside from a few people dozing on benches , the depot was empty .
tr	NN	No adult could crawl inside there apart from a small kid like her .
tr	NNS	Girls at school had thought it was a joke and stopped him in the hallway , in class , outside school , everywhere to kiss him .
tr	NNS	Certain big changes fade , and some of the minor ones have greater impact over time .
tr	NN	" Lucas ' weakness is animals .
tr	NNS	Her aunts would know where Mairi was and her friend would be fine .
tr	NNS	Elias thought about it .
tr	NNS	Marius knows it is hard .
tr	NN	Shade and night were their operating parameters .
tr	NNS	Starbucks watches him , fingering a laser rifle .
tr	NN	Suddenly there 's a prickle of cold air across my cheeks , over my arms .
tr	NN	" What was his reasoning ? "
tr	NNS	The earlier witnesses have since altered their details to fit more closely with the newer renditions .
tr	NNS	Things are always more complicated when you can touch them .
tr	NNS	To the best of his knowledge , even immortals could not kill other immortals with their powers , and he had no powers himself .
tr	NN	" I think she 's worth her keep , " the elder had said .
tr	NN	The baron pulled all the strings and was the brain behind the actions .
tr	NN	A quarter of an hour went by , and the black wall hadn 't moved a bit .
tr	NNS	His pursuers would have no chance of following him in the car if he managed that .
tr	NNS	The members of the Vampire Council , myself among them , stood to one side of the Great Hall .
tr	NN	The squid had no way to breathe , Norman . "
tr	NNS	My classes were going much smoother now that I had the constant support of my two favorite people .
tr	NNS	Then , he presses play to show the gun going off .
tr	NN	Periodically the snake would charge him , but never with the prolonged vigor of the earlier attacks .
tr	NN	The outlines of the continents were surprisingly indistinct .
tr	NN	The model turned her head to see what was going on , and the tiny movement made my already slick hands lose hold of her .
tr	NNS	Once again , his instincts had stood him in good stead .
tr	NNS	But there was something plaintive about her request that made it impossible to turn her down .
tr	NNS	The reins tangled in the harnesses .
tr	NN	And then , as if in slow motion , I watched her bravado crumple .
tr	NNS	There were billions of people in the world , and we could be related to any number of them .
tr	NN	" My grandmother , " he said .
tr	NNS	" Social media , " Sloane interjected , picking up on what Briggs had said earlier .
tr	NNS	Doors slammed in Franco 's expression .
tr	NN	Imagining her in a few months , her belly round with his baby ... His heart gave an aching leap .
tr	NNS	The bystanders , horrified to see this happen , remarked , " What kind of a plan was that ? "
tr	NNS	Screams and shouts rose up almost immediately , and with them , a cry I hadn 't expected .
tr	NNS	Normally in novels , the characters do not realize that the fateful moment has passed until it is too late .
tr	NN	Bring a grown-up sucked sometimes .
tr	NNS	" Fair winds , Grant , " Nicole said as she hugged her brother-in-law , nearly tearing up again .
tr	NNS	When Lea opened , a few members entered and headed to the locker room to get in their uniforms .
tr	NNS	Jackal fans roared in outrage , demanding a card for that trick , but the referees didn 't move .
tr	NN	" On my life , I will guide you , " the werewolf said smiling and putting his hand over his heart in a gallant pledge .
tr	NN	Part of the illusion Neil blamed on his black hair , which he 'd gelled up in short spikes around his skull .
tr	NN	her grandma snaps , " but I know what he is .
tr	NNS	The hard peaks on her chest were tempting the hell out of me .
tr	NNS	But the library catacombs might contain the answer to that most horrible of questions .
tr	NNS	Images of her making love to him filled his head .
tr	NN	The damage he was doing to the surrounding walls and buildings was beyond belief .
tr	NNS	' All species and breeds , remember ? '
tr	NNS	Different creatures have different eyes .
tr	NNS	Those targets were too big and Dorian too good a shot for him to be " accidentally " making such close calls .
tr	NN	Their mission log predicts their arrival in about five hours . "
tr	NNS	More and more the villages , towns , and " cities " of Earth died and were swallowed by the Cities .
tr	NN	Does pen not meet paper any more ?
tr	NN	Now able to get a good foothold , the rebel pulled back on the belt again until the coughing went silent and the guard slumped over .
tr	NNS	So when they get excited their pupils dilate and it looks like their eyes have changed colour from grey to black .
tr	NNS	" Things are great .
tr	NNS	Your sales are up there with the best of them , but you need to get to work on time from now on , okay ? "
tr	NN	The squid glared at him in an accusatory fashion that was so natural to those accusing , from the plaintiff 's spot .
tr	NN	Now there was some pep in his step .
tr	NN	There was a small bruise on his left cheek , just below the eye .
tr	NNS	My early attempts failed as gymnasiums appeared and were used to their full capacity .
tr	NNS	" His belongings are still unclaimed .
tr	NNS	There were oranges and yellows and reds and pinks .
tr	NNS	His species were of the earth , needing the richness of the soil for rest and rejuvenation .
tr	NN	The old captain , standing atop a large wooden crate , was a fiery man with a bushy black beard and a heavily lined face .
tr	NNS	Dressed in black velvet with diamonds twinkling at her throat , the countess presided at the head of the table .
tr	NN	The strike came from behind .
tr	NN	Once the conversation was done , the attorney addressed Dr. Dorn .
tr	NNS	" Lots and lots of wall sex ! "
tr	NN	A growl escaped his throat .
tr	NNS	Things are not well in the oceans and I hope to find some answers in the archives . "
tr	NNS	The dwarves fled , for they knew that their strip malls and SUV 's were lost .
tr	NNS	There were hardly any personal effects besides the pills and bandages .
tr	NN	Reality smashed me , Scar was gone , and he wouldn 't come back , ever again .
tr	NNS	My temples are still throbbing with the sound of his music .
tr	NNS	Only true creatures of Gorn , had the six sense of direction , they always knew exactly where they were .
tr	NN	The writing on the plaque seemed completely foreign to him , but eerily familiar at the same time .
tr	NN	A cursory exam of the tunnels offered no other chalked clues as to where Jolie might have gone .
tr	NN	My appetite vanishes instantly .
tr	NN	His scowl said he 'd be even angrier if she didn 't tell him .
tr	NNS	Things might have been a bit tricky otherwise .
tr	NNS	A loud crack sounded from above him , but he ignored it and grabbed her arm , his fingernails digging viciously into her flesh .
tr	NNS	Will sobs subsided and he took a tissue box on the table and dabbed his eyes .
tr	NN	A scary bullet hole .
tr	NN	Even to my own ears my defense sounded weak .
tr	NN	And the empty suitcase sitting next to the closet .
tr	NN	If possible , steam would have been billowing out of Christian 's ears .
tr	NN	A thin layer of soil encased her all over , even the rippling shape of her long hair .
tr	NNS	The regrets of mean things said and good things not said when there was time .
tr	NN	His thrust became uneven and when she reached around to hold his butt , she knew he 'd lost it just as she had .
tr	NNS	Their sirens become distant again .
tr	NN	The kidnapping and threats had interrupted our investigation .
tr	NNS	Others had come to the porch , witches all !
tr	NN	And how bleak her outlook must be .
tr	NNS	The twins tumbled in the shallows as their blue boat rolled into shore with the wave .
tr	NN	The intruder quickly knocked the remaining man unconscious .
tr	NNS	Those foul creatures were sure to be around the next corner , or above them , or else waiting in the shadows .
tr	NNS	The members don 't appreciate women in the men 's locker room . "
tr	NN	Gap 's cellar was a dark place to hide and sleep .
tr	NNS	The chips said nothing about the smells being different now . "
tr	NNS	" Bugs and I have been working on some other things we think could be just as crowd pleasing . "
tr	NNS	Fifty feet from floor to ceiling , the full dimensions of the place remained unknown .
tr	NN	The click through rate was really low so it seems like there isn 't much affinity between the database and Vector .
tr	NNS	Diggs called to me with a grimace .
tr	NN	His clothing rustled , and then his hands caressed her bare bottom .
tr	NN	And the Dark Race hesitated .
tr	NNS	" Things are not always as they appear , eh , Mr. Forte ? "
tr	NNS	The passengers applauded the spectacle which only served to make the pests cry all the louder .
tr	NN	Terror swept through the hall .
tr	NNS	" But there are many millions of Fae in Faerie .
tr	NN	A nasty divorce was raging .
tr	NN	The best option was to keep things between us as surface as possible .
tr	NNS	" My ancestors knew their responsibilities and obligations and took them seriously . "
tr	NN	Your daddy has a very important job and he can 't just leave it to be with us whenever we want him to . "
tr	NNS	For a moment there is abject silence then voices or rather chants come to my ears .
tr	NNS	There were even a few more passengers willing to see the world , and most of them were young .
tr	NN	As her father 's older brother , and the head of the Wentworth family , her uncle had fallen naturally into the paternal role .
tr	NNS	Funerals -- possibilities abound . '
tr	NN	The uncle said nothing , only shook his head slightly .
tr	NNS	FORTUNE Fortune 's footsteps fell noiselessly into the mist as she strode down the corridor with Death at her side .
tr	NNS	Marius barked laughter and Colton couldn 't help but smile .
tr	NNS	Two figures straddled the beast 's back , Goat and another , obscured behind him .
tr	NNS	After I scanned my wrist , the gates opened , uttering my name in a computerized drone .
tr	NNS	Ancient writings lined his arms and a long black cloak swirled around his feet .
tr	NNS	" Things are changing . "
tr	NN	His guardian angel laid his hand on Toby 's head .
tr	NN	His partner , Hubert , tackled him to the floor .
tr	NNS	" Too many calories , " I teased .
tr	NN	The organization became defunct in 1959 , though its key players remained active in UFO research well into the 1970 's and on .
tr	NN	Pretty young pup , isn 't he ?
tr	NNS	The two FBI Agents shifted in their seats .
tr	NN	Love is love . "
tr	NNS	Rawlings had torn the marriage contract in half , and with it every last shred of hope Emma had left .
tr	NN	Your precious honor demands that you face me as a man . "
tr	NNS	Alexis looked around her cell .
tr	NNS	These costumes really played a part in the whole Renaissance fair experience .
tr	NNS	In biology , there were already whispers of trouble between Weston and me .
tr	NN	At what point will your envy take over ?
tr	NN	The herbal liquid brought a soothing relief to the aching , searing wound .
tr	NN	Blasting up through the cracks in the earth , the lava pours out in a specific shape , gradually forming a rectangular cage of molten liquid .
tr	NN	9 Gabrielle Ashe gazed absently out the window of Senator Sexton 's limousine as it moved through the morning traffic toward Sexton 's office building .
tr	NN	The Lightning dragon attached to it pulled himself from the ground , three others doing the same from different spots .
tr	NNS	Looks like a bunch of women and children , mostly ? "
tr	NN	The angel tugged his shirt over his head and braced his hands on his knees .
tr	NNS	" Maybe the drinks are helping . "
tr	NNS	Other moneyed Americans followed his lead , and Asheville eventually came to be known as an artistic and culinary destination throughout the South .
tr	NN	There was a ping .
tr	NNS	Winter winds blew the snow off of the frozen surface and left little traction for them .
tr	NNS	The stiffness had faded away from his body .
tr	NNS	There are no ancient Indian legends , no songs from early settlers .
tr	NNS	My new surroundings were just as depressing as the previous .
tr	NN	The massive ruby chandelier above them followed him as he moved .
tr	NNS	Good thing my companions were all awake and preparing for a fight .
tr	NN	" The rogue stabbed her just a few months ago .
tr	NN	A sultry smile on her face , she wore a thin robe that drooped around her shoulders , the outline of her underwear clearly visible .
tr	NNS	Others simply looked about in confused terror , wishing for some escape .
tr	NN	The elderly master held the crystal before him , giving a moment 's intense stare at it .
tr	NN	My parents snort a little clearly not liking the situation any more than they did when they came in .
tr	NN	If picking me up from work was surreal , grocery shopping was an illusion .
tr	NN	The gleam in his eyes frightened both of them .
tr	NN	My grandmother loves me and wishes she could take care of me forever , but she 's most likely gone now .
tr	NNS	Presently the sobs ceased .
tr	NN	A low growl rang from Reyes .
tr	NN	The chip itself was a fabulous success and not just because of its low price .
tr	NNS	The pillows on my window bench formed a perfect reading chair and my bay window kept me connected with the changing forest .
tr	NNS	The calculations , I have taken them as far as I can go , but the rest will have to be figured by those more proficient .
tr	NN	The Battle Upon this relatively cooler slope we turned and stood to fight -- with doubtful hope .
tr	NN	A little compulsion will tell us right away if he 's being honest or not . "
tr	NN	Of course the snake had not whispered to him -- she had !
tr	NNS	Two deaths , wasn 't it ?
tr	NNS	My apologies , " he said overly theatrical with his gestures .
tr	NN	the 911 operator asked .
tr	NNS	The sirens grew closer .
tr	NNS	Things she could do to him .
tr	NN	His aura started flickering to that black color again .
tr	NN	The knight came around toward Amira again .
tr	NN	It didn , t take much ingenuity now to close in on the life story of Laura J. Dennys .
tr	NNS	Her curled fingernails rasped against my clothing as she began to undo my buttons .
tr	NN	The captain took two shuffling steps , then fell to his knees .
tr	NN	A grand staircase led up from the entry hall to the second floor .
tr	NNS	Muddy roads made for unsure footing and rain hindered visibility .
tr	NN	" Collecting proof of your conquests may not be crazy , but I 'm pretty sure everyone would agree that murder is a serious problem . "
tr	NN	The gryphon had been flying high when he had heard his baby wail .
tr	NNS	The roads are beginning to slick over and all molecules are slowing , slowing , taking long breaths .
tr	NN	A trickle of wind pushed strands of Mistral 's hair across my body , pulling strands free from his long ponytail .
tr	NNS	Dario 's nostrils flared .
tr	NN	My uncle was Charlie Harper .
tr	NN	Anger and fear made it temperamental .
tr	NN	The operator gave me several numbers but none of them worked . "
tr	NNS	The eggs were a little tasteless .
tr	NN	Their employer asked me to fly his jet back to Miami .
tr	NN	An elegantly dressed footman awaited her at the top of the steps .
tr	NNS	Words written in blood dripped down the stone .
tr	NN	Or the bard simply decide to perform a ballad in the town square , before offering around his hat ?
tr	NN	Pale translucent liquid spilled out , carrying with it small knots of yellow slime .
tr	NN	A rustle of fabric , soft footsteps , and Walter stood by my side , looking every bit as aged as he had on the rooftop .
tr	NNS	Shorter strands slipped free , curving around my cheeks .
tr	NN	As I was getting to my feet , Marcie 's diary caught my eye .
tr	NN	A sharp clang filled the air , followed by the sound of screeching tires .
tr	NN	' My Year 11 history teacher asked me in class what it was like to be related to a senator .
tr	NNS	My thumbs went to work texting Trisha .
tr	NNS	Soon our tongues began to mingle and we were completely caught up in each other to pay any attention to the loud whistling in the crowd .
tr	NN	A huge jar of tomato paste crashed into the beast 's side .
tr	NN	The broken tail rose up into the air and the helicopter flipped end over end .
tr	NN	When I moved into my apartment , my neighbor mentioned her sister was going to rent my unit , but I had already signed the lease .
tr	NN	Even after a couple years spent in isolation from much of the world , Storm knew when he was being given an olive branch of trust .
tr	NNS	The movements of the bubble grew quite violent , and , bizarrely it seemed as if the bubble was drowning within the liquid .
tr	NNS	Things were quiet for a few minutes , then we heard Libby crying .
tr	NNS	Chess had to be alive .
tr	NN	" The thrill of the chase is half the fun , don 't you think ? "
tr	NNS	There were several chuckles in the audience and Jonathan waited for them to subside .
tr	NN	A robe very much like Victoria 's .
tr	NNS	Things just never worked out that way .
tr	NN	The art of faith forgotten , the art of faith denied .
tr	NNS	Others waved their spears and clashed the shafts against their shields .
tr	NN	His weaving flashlight showed Elena something she hadn 't noticed before .
tr	NNS	If it 's an energy field , the stun grenades won 't get through it .
tr	NNS	Two large shadow tentacles rose up beside Saga as they began bashing through the front lines .
tr	NNS	The murmurs grew more pronounced , swelling with excitement .
tr	NN	A rustle to the left drew her attention .
tr	NNS	The ladies always go for him .
tr	NNS	Images rose up suddenly in her brain , like a fountain turned on , pouring fourth visions instead of water .
tr	NN	The posture made him appear smaller than he was , less challenging , just another Shifter in the bunch .
tr	NN	How many women is this politician dating at once ?
tr	NN	Queen Jezebel 's castle looked like a nightmare floating in the darkest place of the soul .
tr	NNS	Danes sing all the time as a way of marking events together : weddings , baptisms , birthdays , family get-togethers , barbecues , parties .
tr	NN	The bump and grind song ended and another started .
tr	NNS	Their pursuers had gotten through the upper door .
tr	NN	Will daddy cut you off of your colossal allowance if you displease him ?
tr	NNS	The footsteps creaking up the stairs pulled me away from my river of thoughts .
tr	NN	" Sorry , mister , but you don 't need this anymore and I do .
tr	NNS	Whatever it was , my best attempts to swallow it were foiled first by my suspicion and then by my gag reflex .
tr	NNS	But his fears were unnecessary .
tr	NNS	Alexis finished putting on her shoes and smiled .
tr	NN	Each stroke was more powerful than the last , pushing her higher until she hovered right on the edge of great precipice .
tr	NNS	Girls never fall for this stuff !
tr	NN	" What a jackass , " the corporal muttered to his companions .
tr	NNS	For one thing , the classes were ridiculously simple .
tr	NNS	In thundering applause the actors had made their bows before parting to let the 13 's gather in a nervous line .
tr	NNS	There was no professional politeness with Grady .
tr	NN	The implication was clear .
tr	NN	A career cop although you wouldn 't know just looking at her .
tr	NNS	More shots came his way , keeping him close to the floor .
tr	NNS	All our fights would focus on how Faith 's wild rebellion reflected on the family .
tr	NNS	The twins turned four on Aug. 4 .
tr	NNS	There were two new episodes of Jeff 'd Up on the DVR , a rerun and an hour-long Christmas special .
tr	NN	The brain chip didn 't do anything by itself .
tr	NN	There was a gin and tonic in his hands .
tr	NNS	Above her head , fluorescent mushrooms appeared suspended in midair , growing on the trunks of trees that blended in with the night .
tr	NNS	Outside the window , pin-point pricks of brightness flickered against a blackness that seemed to be trying to claw its way into the room .
tr	NNS	The bars of light spilling between the boards on my window paint wide yellow stripes across the crumbling plaster on the far wall .
tr	NN	A hockey player and the drum captain , who had friends and a girlfriend .
tr	NN	The quill pen made quiet scratching noises as it flew across the paper , carving black strokes into the dry white paper .
tr	NN	The calf parted from the knee , and I threw it across the room .
tr	NNS	Things can get pretty confusing back here . "
tr	NN	My uncle reads the bible every day .
tr	NNS	Our ancestors invented it long ago .
tr	NN	The audience erupted into a loud applause while the performer folded his hands and placed them in front at waist height .
tr	NN	One deputy said , " As soon as we find out anything , we 'll let you know . "
tr	NN	What a vacation this would be .
tr	NNS	Its sweet juices had barely touched my lips when Sofie entered .
tr	NNS	Then footsteps sounded , the slam of a door .
tr	NN	The stench of smoke invaded his nostrils .
tr	NNS	" There are so many mysteries in the spiritual world of God .
tr	NNS	Artistic types must live here .
tr	NNS	The clattering strains of the Youth March sounded from the back of the plaza .
tr	NNS	Brown rats were chewing something in the bushes .
tr	NNS	And furthermore , typically these types often frequented the local pub for drinks after work .
tr	NNS	Things are changing , but this time I 'm not afraid .
tr	NNS	In the light of the setting sun , the castle hallways were awash with red and orange and gold , the colors bleeding together .
tr	NN	But there was a limit to what she would ignore , and her mentor had more than surpassed it .
tr	NN	The town 's folk decided to send a Beast Tongue to the Glass Castle in the clouds .
tr	NN	A jump beacon set like that was obviously meant to destroy us .
tr	NN	A good crop could produce a bale an acre .
tr	NN	Suddenly the rope came away in his hand ; it had been rendered useless by the rough cut of a blade .
tr	NN	Your grandma said we should show you the ropes , since you 're new in town and don 't know anyone in school .
tr	NN	" Your final exam , madam , " he offered , pushing an envelope into her hands .
tr	NNS	The ramifications of the type of memory loss we were talking about couldn 't process properly .
tr	NNS	Filing cabinets lined both walls like dance partners at an old English ball .
tr	NNS	The creatures that do are bacteria .
tr	NNS	" What are you ladies drinking tonight ? "
tr	NNS	The fireworks burst to life overhead .
tr	NN	Nirvana The ultimate goal of the Buddhist path is release from the round of phenomenal existence with its inherent suffering .
tr	NNS	Names didn 't matter .
tr	NNS	The Tanks will have the same driver who took them to Devil 's Shadow .
tr	NNS	Checking out hotels , restaurants , vacant buildings or anywhere the usual ones go . "
tr	NN	Another figure made its way towards the wounded woman behind the pillar , an ivory headed cane in hand .
tr	NN	" We have adopted a zero tolerance policy on virtually everything , " declared the Corporal .
tr	NNS	" And how much are the attorneys ' fees ? "
tr	NNS	Some areas of the world shifted quickly from warm to cold and many species had died out as a result .
tr	NN	" But the papers say he blowed it off his head in an accident , " the other twin reminded him .
tr	NNS	But the excessive blues were not what surprised me the most .
tr	NN	One passenger was not as impressed .
tr	NN	A bruise was forming on her face and blades of grass in her hair clung to the tangled mess .
tr	NN	There 's something fishy about him , but you should be safe enough in the house .
tr	NNS	Myles and I will be with you .
tr	NNS	Her instincts knew this man .
tr	NN	And then there 's the Grand Opening .
tr	NN	There was no rebel in me now .
tr	NNS	Four floors underground was not a great place to be during seismic events .
tr	NNS	There were other continents , of course .
tr	NNS	The associates surrounded him and glared downward .
tr	NNS	Nerves are on edge .
tr	NN	" Your little tirade only makes you hotter . "
tr	NN	By the way , your Mustang is only seven miles an hour faster than mine .
tr	NN	As time starts to slow , the angel of death falls upon him , her remorseless expression shining through her vessel 's face as time stops completely .
tr	NNS	Whatever drugs he 'd done prior to coming to the hotel were obviously on the verge of kicking in .
tr	NN	And Storm pinched his eyes as well .
tr	NNS	Your commands mean nothing here . "
tr	NNS	The other Jets were out of commission .
tr	NNS	The pills were for Bug .
tr	NN	" Because if it is , just fucking say so !
tr	NN	The captain walked away , disappearing behind the tall hedges .
tr	NN	Her small blue sedan sat in the same spot it had when he 'd left .
tr	NN	The first stroke came so swiftly I almost didn 't see it coming .
tr	NN	" The parlor , " she replied .
tr	NNS	" No cameras , " she assured him , her smile still in place .
tr	NN	The government doesn 't care for the Corrupt .
tr	NNS	The bed creaks and dips and he leans over me .
tr	NN	The blazing illumination pointed at Wade revealed ... Oh God .
tr	NNS	Still , the double fours caused a momentary panic on my part .
tr	NNS	Several dancers milled among the patrons , chatting , touching , taking them by the hand and leading them up a spiral staircase to private rooms .
tr	NN	" A divorce , " Rich repeated .
tr	NN	" OK , Love , open your eyes . "
tr	NN	Still pumping gently into her hand held in-between us , the very tip of me started grazing over the wetness of her , over and over .
tr	NNS	All the wolves looked strong and fit .
tr	NN	The second pitch was even slower , and Tally made contact .
tr	NNS	Our morning runs will continue as usual .
tr	NN	Love can do that . "
tr	NNS	There were bits of rancid meat and blood all over me and the floor .
tr	NN	The man Kellan knew cleared his throat , quite loudly , and we both looked over at him .
tr	NN	Lust burned through her , dark and dirty .
tr	NN	Back into the lobby again , eyes streaming , lungs stinging with smoke .
tr	NN	Before him a staircase led up ten feet then split only to join again at a landing above .
tr	NN	The unfamiliar reflection taunted him with visions of Iseo 's suffering in the spirit world .
tr	NNS	The swarms were changing fast , almost minute to minute .
tr	NN	My vacation is over .
tr	NNS	" What did the monitors show ? "
tr	NNS	There are at least four other villages on the island . "
tr	NNS	Faded white letters stamped on the side of the ship read , The S.S. Misery .
tr	NNS	The blades were so loud that I didn 't bother trying to talk .
tr	NNS	Muscles flexed with tension under her hands .
tr	NNS	The stores along Main Street were intact .
tr	NN	The herald strode to the door of the Salon of Mars and thumped his staff three times on the parquet .
tr	NN	As if the wrong crystal pattern could call her out as an interloper in Elliot Starc 's elegant world .
tr	NNS	There 's nothing but sports schedules and research data on city planning on that console .
tr	NN	All my dread over what Cade had just revealed vanished as more lights came to life and shaded figures began to emerge from the trees .
tr	NN	His guilt was eating at him .
tr	NNS	Red flares lit up his vision briefly .
tr	NNS	Reyes had to strain to hear , his demon growing louder with every second that passed .
tr	NNS	Things just didn 't work out like I expected . "
tr	NN	But the landlord wasn 't there yet either .
tr	NN	His guilt wouldn 't let him .
tr	NN	A narrow gravel driveway makes a figure eight inside the cemetery fence , to allow for parking at funerals and for easier access to the graves .
tr	NNS	Flowers dotted gently sloping hills in shades of fuchsia , teal , and violet , leaving Selena open-mouthed and stunned .
tr	NN	The iron clattered and hissed against the stainless steel sink , smoking and steaming as the ruined waffle ran out the sides .
tr	NN	" We need a room , " said the cowboy .
tr	NN	The mineral inside flared white and exploded .
tr	NN	A slight hesitation followed .
tr	NNS	Even a few sentences can make all the difference .
tr	NN	Anyhow , the storeroom with the tickets had a full-length mirror .
tr	NNS	The ladies served veal , with wine , and dessert .
tr	NN	The reflection it gave of the candles nearby flickered , swirled , and faded .
tr	NNS	He rushed to the passenger 's side to help a woman down , his movements as tender as Shaheen 's were with her .
tr	NNS	" The seats were very velvety and purple , and smelled like this type of butter in France that 's sweeter than American butter .
tr	NNS	My eyelids grew heavier as the minutes ticked by .
tr	NN	The redhead was still behind the desk .
tr	NNS	Camille 's eyelids grew heavy and she scrutinized her chair and the sofa nearby .
tr	NN	His tail thumped once against the backseat , and then he shifted around to lay his head on Molly 's shoulder .
tr	NN	Chance didn 't come to find me because he just couldn 't stand to be without me for even a moment longer .
tr	NNS	One a ' them nurses might see me in this getup an ' be overcome by m ' physical attractions . "
tr	NN	Then turning to Daniel , " Danny , see if you can get us a pot of coffee .
tr	NNS	" Where 's your gallows ? "
tr	NNS	His carelessness was going to teach him a very tough lesson .
tr	NNS	Afternoon classes were fine .
tr	NN	Even McCarthy 's prison didn 't seem this daunting , but then , he was a state inmate , not federal .
tr	NNS	Thoroughbred bloodlines are worse than the royal families of Europe .
tr	NN	Her assessment no longer hinged on the fact that she saw Chan .
tr	NN	" I see it too , " the hermit answered , drawing away from the candlelight .
tr	NN	The deep blue velvet jumpsuit that encased the baby 's sturdy body .
tr	NNS	There were no signs of struggle .
tr	NN	The Lunar colony is man 's frontier not just physically , but psychologically , too .
tr	NN	Part of that includes your receptiveness to her . "
tr	NN	Once Lea was upstairs , her trio of friends approached Alonso , and they looked worried about something .
tr	NN	If the tunnels existed , no slave ever found them , and not for lack of looking .
tr	NN	Sure , the domineering , air going out when he came in the room thing was incredibly sexy , but I knew that he was kind .
tr	NNS	The ancestors ignored Scarlett .
tr	NNS	Under his scrutiny , my movements grow clumsy .
tr	NNS	If he was right , the consequences would be grave , not that it would change anything .
tr	NNS	His thumbs wiped the remaining tears from my eyes .
tr	NNS	Most actors have an entourage and Ryan Hendricks had a big one .
tr	NNS	On that note in the spirit of things the losers have to buy the winners drinks for a week !
tr	NN	" Ok , go ahead . "
tr	NN	A widow lived there by herself .
tr	NNS	Animals of all species gravitated toward Kane .
tr	NNS	Things were running smoothly and I was enjoying my shift with my extended family , when I swear I could feel the air molecules thicken .
tr	NNS	There were no fairy tales that talked about what happened to the princess once her demons took over .
tr	NN	Sliding off the bench , Jack knelt with her and took her into his arms , his true passion renewed .
tr	NNS	Others claimed the choppers were silent alien probes .
tr	NN	Her black garb disappeared against the night , and her face , pale and beautiful , seemed to float toward them .
tr	NNS	The tunnels are narrow , uncomfortable , and hot and moist as if the PCs are inside a living breathing beast .
tr	NN	There 's a big tip in this for you on payoff . "
tr	NNS	Alexis looked up at Amanda , who just stared at her .
tr	NN	A grunt answered him .
tr	NNS	Things looked grim for him .
tr	NNS	" So the legends say . "
tr	NN	Her spark simmered into a quaint smile .
tr	NN	Their grandmother helped folks to separate the gooey warm caramel rolls to keep the line moving .
tr	NNS	Day traders wear whatever they want . "
tr	NN	The dazzle paint makes the ship look like a zebra .
tr	NN	The thud echoed through the hollow walls of the trailer , and Veronica startled .
tr	NN	" Guy Malouf , our solicitor has everything that you need .
tr	NNS	" Your Highness , are you the father of the child my daughter is carrying ? "
tr	NNS	The nuns had warned her against kisses , against the sin and danger and pain that kisses led to .
tr	NN	The fragrance calls to me .
tr	NNS	" My belongings are in here . "
tr	NNS	' Orders from above , ' he said , beginning to lose his cool .
tr	NNS	Others liked the idea of no longer hiding , of letting their cruelty reign , but they didn 't like the rules and tyranny of the palace .
tr	NNS	Muscles I wasn 't even aware I 'd been flexing , relaxed as I slumped against the countertop .
tr	NN	" Poison Ivy ! "
tr	NNS	These materials degraded at a specific rate that was predictable and if inert materials were used the body would process them normally .
tr	NN	The young Warlord nodded wearily and closed his eyes .
tr	NNS	Did drugs make you spout out romantic stuff like that ?
tr	NN	The operation really happened ? '
tr	NN	A trick played on the poor , weak-minded guard . "
tr	NNS	The only break was a large gate made of twenty or thirty black iron bars , the upper tips ending in spikes .
tr	NNS	Horrible images began to emerge and I thought of nothing but Tyler as they passed .
tr	NN	" And what kind of ' service ' does this little tramp , this piece of baggage , need ? "
tr	NN	The lack of seat backings made her seem about to lose balance and fall off the wooden bench .
tr	NNS	The footsteps passed back the other way , over his head .
tr	NNS	No further letters appeared on the screen .
tr	NN	Frothy white liquid pulsed across the tile .
tr	NNS	' You ain 't gon na probe me like them aliens are ya ?
tr	NNS	Others need windows opened to give them glimpses of chances they never dreamed were there for them . "
tr	NNS	Aidan grins and wraps his arms around my shoulders in response , resting his clasped hands lightly on the back of my neck .
tr	NNS	Shifter wolves could lie in the sun and soak up warmth , relaxing to the point of sleep , but still being alert .
tr	NNS	The saddlebags of the two horses revealed clothes , food , and a few coins .
tr	NNS	Then there are restaurants , bars and clubs , particularly casinos .
tr	NNS	But when it comes to coffee , do lovers of this drink refrain from their daily java jolt on Sunday ?
tr	NNS	Screams audible through the walls .
tr	NN	A lick , a touch from Luke , and she felt the pull from her nipple to her core , becoming fully aroused all over again .
tr	NNS	Starbucks is saying something too , but all I can think about is Cabal .
tr	NN	" Where 's your loyalty ? "
tr	NNS	If I don 't make it back , chances are it 's because I was captured by British soldiers .
tr	NN	The north calls . "
tr	NNS	" And these rawhide strips are for chewing .
tr	NNS	Everyone worries about their future , especially when they 're about to get married and are starting a future with someone else . "
tr	NN	The copilot 's click echoed as he responded .
tr	NN	Even the teacher understood that .
tr	NN	Her lack of endearment doesn 't go unnoticed , but for some inexplicable reason , the text still makes me smile .
tr	NN	Within moments , the graveyard morphed into a park .
tr	NN	Sometimes a limb , claw or fang breaks through and bundles us over , bruising or cutting us .
tr	NN	" And coroner 's reports , with photos of the body .
tr	NNS	" The ladies had nothing to wear . "
tr	NN	He slid his fathomless eyes to me , the misery on his face reflected in their endless depths .
tr	NNS	The picturesque surroundings did little to alleviate his heavy heart .
tr	NN	The radiance she had , when he first saw her on Terra , was slowly disappearing .
tr	NNS	The equations , if correct , were the same cross cultures , and worlds , if that was even a possibility .
tr	NNS	The other beggars that wandered the streets were not as kind as you might think they might be be to others like themselves .
tr	NN	Where had Storm been in recent years not to know what she was talking about ?
tr	NNS	Shouts echoed , chasing them down the stairs .
tr	NNS	Waves of despondency washed over her .
tr	NNS	Violet hooked the chain in its groove , then opened the door the four inches that would allow .
tr	NNS	When he opened his eyes , the half dozen dolphins had become twenty .
tr	NNS	His footsteps were light as he approached , to check if the Ghouls were dead .
tr	NN	Posing as a representative from a prospective employer , the caller found a Rice professor of political science who 'd taught and who remembered Kerr .
tr	NN	The thick rug ran from his bed to the edge of his bedroom door like a path through a dark forest .
tr	NNS	I 've witnessed great touchdowns , but frankly , sports fans , this one tops the list .
tr	NN	But her first instinct was to protect Graeme from further harm .
tr	NNS	Skulls kept eye contact with Mary , as Richard continued to apply pressure to his head with the gun .
tr	NNS	Pate 's nostrils flared a bit and his green eyes narrowed on her .
tr	NN	The hunter grew more comfortable with the idea as Borland poured them another round from his tankard .
tr	NNS	More zombies have found their way into the small space that used to be our patio .
tr	NNS	" There were seven werewolves and four others that looked human but didn 't smell human . "
tr	NNS	There were many fine mansions and upscale proprietors in the Central District .
tr	NN	The orgasm he 'd given her had taken her completely by surprise .
tr	NNS	Flames penetrated the ancestors ' chests as if the fire started in their hearts and spread upward and out from there .
tr	NNS	In real life ( as opposed to movies ) high kicks are risky and energy draining : The knee and the groin are much more reliable targets .
tr	NNS	Twenty-six werewolves exited vehicles quickly .
tr	NNS	Inquiring minds want to know . "
tr	NNS	These two facts are the foundation of all clear thinking about ourselves and the universe we live in .
tr	NN	His flashlight was at arm 's length from his body , to lure gunfire away from the center of his body .
tr	NNS	Bugs looked at Timmy with concern as his friend pulled the book from beneath his coat .
tr	NN	Slow and steady wins the race , his father had always said .
tr	NN	There was a click , and the mechanical hum faded from the background .
tr	NN	Every protective instinct in Aria 's body kicked in .
tr	NNS	Different images flitted in and out , of many others who had been slain right where I was lying .
tr	NN	The government never did know what a bundle of scholarship and talent he was ; it never knew him at all .
tr	NNS	My grapes are the best . "
tr	NNS	The sky was dark , the roads mostly deserted .
tr	NN	But in most of the movies , the gift didn , t have much of a purpose .
tr	NNS	Hands began to rise - and trumpets began to howl .
tr	NNS	Things stirred in the growing light .
tr	NNS	His colleagues had other ways of describing him .
tr	NNS	Hell , there wasn 't anything boyish about Dawson .
tr	NNS	The tickets say July six .
tr	NNS	Things had changed so fast .
tr	NN	Another contraction seized her as she stumbled into her alcove .
tr	NNS	Looks like you 're fainting .
tr	NN	Their guard captain just called me .
tr	NNS	Orange extension cords coiled like snakes .
tr	NNS	Send images to make the brain believe that something horrible and painful is happening ; images that will make it break down and die .
tr	NN	The deputy carefully picked up the composites , walked behind the counter and tacked them on the bulletin board .
tr	NN	My grandmother hasn 't had to babysit me in quite some time . "
tr	NN	" No television , " Dermot said .
tr	NN	The dragon lay defeated , whimpering , like a beaten dog at the bottom of a dank grave .
tr	NN	A real doomsday scenario , if ever there was one .
tr	NNS	Girls are out of this . "
tr	NNS	Others stood quietly and watched an obviously annoyed Officer Lucas survey the scene .
tr	NN	Any idiot knows that . '
tr	NNS	Others will seek to use you likewise . "
tr	NN	His mouth clamped shut .
tr	NN	No one said , " Hey , kiddo , " and no one told me everything was going to be okay .
tr	NN	She spoke softly , but her determination was unmistakable , a spine of steel wrapped in silk .
tr	NNS	Soon those races will swarm and attack us , hoping to destroy the vampires at long last . "
tr	NN	Simple as that , if you think you can find your way around this world be my guest .
tr	NN	The hunter took a sniff .
tr	NNS	" That those ideas are strange and feeble ?
tr	NNS	All the signs were there .
tr	NNS	" The dark followers have been searching for them for centuries .
tr	NN	In the meantime , the same maid passed by again , and picked up the infant .
tr	NNS	No zombies were near me .
tr	NNS	There were risks out in the open on the road , but it was far faster than " breaking brush " - walking in the jungle .
tr	NN	" At the sheriff 's office . "
tr	NNS	Lights and devices are everywhere .
tr	NNS	His footsteps were the only sound in the darkness and even he admitted he had to strain to hear them .
tr	NNS	The drinks are on the house . "
tr	NN	The dragon that was teaching the class flew off to retrieve him .
tr	NN	Why , if the Empire had these weapons ... . "
tr	NNS	Witches were feared and mistrusted , used only for their purchased spells .
tr	NNS	The steel chains did the work for him .
tr	NN	For her , the epitome of life was to bask in her father 's light .
tr	NNS	The pirates had caught the Provencal crew off guard .
tr	NN	" The fiction you created about vampires is hilarious .
tr	NNS	His kisses were frenzied , the need in him strong .
tr	NN	The van swung towards the center line .
tr	NN	A majority of his music is emotional , heavy , dark , intense and sad .
tr	NN	Our only requirement was to be home in time for dinner .
tr	NN	Her grandmother smiled kindly .
tr	NNS	The creatures , after they have been released , began to sprout all over the countries , making a breeding ground .
tr	NN	Apparently the hockey player had arrived .
tr	NNS	" Two shots of espresso , two mint leaves , one sugar cube and three Reese 's Pieces . "
tr	NN	An observer would have thought he was just randomly wandering around the entire city , perhaps avoiding the Judgement Master .
tr	NNS	* * * " Her leathers , blades and boots are missing . "
tr	NN	The farther he went out he noticed the colors to become less vibrant , eventually turning into a uniform silver or grey .
tr	NNS	Rufus had noticed about half a mile back but he hadn 't said anything .
tr	NN	The last time Sylvia spent the night was very eerie and unsettling .
tr	NNS	Others had described to her an anger that made a red haze before their eyes but she 'd never experienced it .
tr	NNS	Emma objects to my use of the word Oriental .
tr	NN	Maybe the suitcase should continue to wait right where it was .
tr	NN	Personally , the notion of buying a used sex manual ( of any sexuality ) was a bit sketchy to me .
tr	NN	A fine sheen of cold sweat broke out over my forehead and my stomach turned .
tr	NN	Love shook his head .
tr	NN	My inability to recall the feelings surrounding my relationship with Cassie did make it hard to share in the grief everyone felt over her sudden death .
tr	NN	The morning gong rang , sealing my fate .
tr	NN	The studio had started a junior writer division and I told Julian Johnson I would like to be in it .
tr	NNS	Where once thick , blond curls had crowned his head , only wisps of fine hair remained .
tr	NNS	Animals are wonderful , but never enough to take the place of the right guy .
tr	NNS	Its gates lay in ruin ; but over the barricade of beams and stones within no enemy as yet had passed .
tr	NN	And if anything , the Ward chick was reluctantly grateful for Miss Gore 's interference and tactics .
tr	NNS	The binary suns thus reigned unhindered over the whole of Kratos .
tr	NNS	The other two uniformed colleagues rushed to their stricken friend and without looking back Grimes discharged another two rounds to discourage pursuit .
tr	NNS	The dwarves rushed out of their great gate ; but there was the dragon waiting for them .
tr	NNS	His clients wanted that result .
tr	NNS	Hendricks grinned and put down his mug .
tr	NNS	The shots came slow and steady , the sound of serious shooters aiming for the inner rings .
tr	NNS	In this case there were some investors who wanted to buy the property from me immediately .
tr	NNS	The passengers and the aliens stared outside .
tr	NNS	The fatigue poisons dwindled away , like everything else .
tr	NN	The heap of tattered clothing and battered flesh started to move .
tr	NNS	Things were getting complicated and more serious than ever .
tr	NN	The receptionist - Mandy , according to her name plate - blinked at her words .
tr	NNS	Eventually , her eyelids started to droop , and then finally sleep snuck in and took her .
tr	NN	The captain pulled on the bell cord .
tr	NN	The usher rapped his staff .
tr	NNS	The same blades I had used in the tournament .
tr	NNS	And the teachers here have taught me lots of things , but I need more .
tr	NN	Lust and thirst were pumping through his system , driven by his dead heart , and he wanted to have his way .
tr	NN	The largest specimen ever recorded measured fifty-four feet long and weighed close to two tons , and it was determined to be only a year old !
tr	NN	My uncle lived in a small village near the coast .
tr	NNS	The girlfriends will double as translators and indigenous guides .
tr	NN	And miracle of miracles , Angie had gotten her a recommendation from Dr. Layton at USC .
tr	NN	The mob operated underground and this was pure underbelly stuff they were dealing with .
tr	NNS	The cleaners had a key .
tr	NNS	There were hugs and tears all around as the three men met for the first time in months .
tr	NNS	In the daily mail there were four more anonymous Frosty Christmas cards , these postmarked in Rochester , Fort Worth , Green Bay , and St. Louis .
tr	NN	But he hadn , t dared to sleep .
tr	NN	A handy tip : When angels say " be not afraid , " you should be afraid .
tr	NNS	Most roads in Rubicon Ranch eventually wound to the desert .
tr	NN	There was only her hunger for the man taking her , reclaiming her , mastering her body .
tr	NN	But technique and even theatrical quality was one thing .
tr	NN	Riley turned to us , an amused look on his face .
tr	NN	But there was something nagging at her consciousness .
tr	NN	Like the cord went out into space and just ended .
tr	NNS	Smells , sounds , and lights started to whip by us as we flew at high speed into the demon atmosphere .
tr	NN	The challenge to getting information out of this guy wouldn 't be getting him to talk ; it would be getting him to actually say something .
tr	NN	" Outside of correctional facilities the range of these things is not very good .
tr	NNS	Looks like Liam is still picking them pretty , " he held his hand out to me , and I shook it , but immediately felt uneasy .
tr	NNS	Red flags began flashing through his brain , but his body was doing its best to ignore them .
tr	NN	In the same way , an apple seed doesn 't try to become a tomato .
tr	NN	Simon 's absence was a good indication that the Others were somehow involved , and informing her backers was money in the bank for her .
tr	NN	" A man obsessed will do anything for the woman he loves , and I do love my Claire . "
tr	NNS	At the Corn Exchange , where he owns a seat , the traders cheer him on the floor .
tr	NN	Just north of the Archangel , Patch pulled me off the walkway .
tr	NNS	Stefano 's nostrils flared .
tr	NN	' Yes , the skulking fellow that we saw with his nose in the pool down yonder .
tr	NNS	These traits have given you entrance into the Fringe . "
tr	NN	Anger and fear commingled with flashes of images and bits of random knowledge .
tr	NN	The rhythmic growl of his snores faded away as she lost herself in the text .
tr	NN	Each click of my heels was another reminder that we were alone , just me and Tristan , or Mr. Blake .
tr	NN	A tiny quirk creased one corner of his extremely attractive mouth .
tr	NNS	A dozen men and women clad in exquisitely tailored , blood-red suits stood on the auditorium stage .
tr	NNS	There were several exits , presumably off to different trenches .
tr	NN	A click of an armed weapon sounded from the portal and then another one behind Rock .
tr	NNS	But damn , those cookies are good . "
tr	NNS	His eyelids closed slightly as he examined the stranger 's face .
tr	NN	This gorgeous rogue had turned her world upside down and given no explanation for his reckless , unpredictable behavior .
tr	NN	There is no bacon .
tr	NNS	" Maybe , " she teased , his kisses felt like heaven and that slow desire swirled around in the bottom of her stomach .
tr	NNS	" You ladies were amazing .
tr	NN	There was definite progress .
tr	NN	Its agent in charge from Philadelphia was here checking out whether this was racism , hurting minorities or whatever . "
tr	NN	Her goal was to run the two miles in under nineteen minutes although Laura had twenty minutes to complete the two miles .
tr	NNS	Some members of the orchestra 's Board have a tendency to see intrigues behind every door . "
tr	NN	Her cart collided with his .
tr	NNS	And the hunger pangs made even the rocks scattered across the ground look slightly appetizing .
tr	NNS	Dark outlines appeared in the mist and the voice in my mind erupted with cries to run !
tr	NN	' Your guitarist mate can lead us to the singer ? '
tr	NN	He was currently laughing at something a beautiful brunette was saying to him .
tr	NN	The tarp slid away from our cage .
tr	NNS	The nameplate tiles on the wall read CITY HALL in block lettering .
tr	NNS	As well , the Japanese fans didn 't seem to care about Mac 's nationality .
tr	NNS	The only logical hypothesis I could come up with was that the Ring had adjusted the strength of its signal .
tr	NN	The clothing fit on a disturbing level , even the undergarments .
tr	NNS	The gates slammed shut with a metallic screech .
tr	NN	Alexia took the lead , despite her damp dress hindering her stride , her parasol raised against the vicious sun .
tr	NN	Chance went sprawling , and his luck tablet bounced out of his pocket when he hit the ground .
tr	NNS	Gramps rolls his eyes .
tr	NNS	Demetrius smirked at the expression on her face .
tr	NNS	Things were moving too fast for her to understand ; she felt as if all she could do was follow the path of least resistance .
tr	NN	A scowl darkened his features , and then he seemed to go from anger to gentleness in one blink of his eyes .
tr	NNS	The two goons exit the Cadillac and approach a young lad leaning against a wall outside a pool hall .
tr	NN	No fucking excuses this time , Marky ! "
tr	NNS	The shouts from without disappeared .
tr	NNS	Soldiers bustled outside , some guarding , others going about their regular duty as they prepared for possible retaliation from Ramon 's remaining men .
tr	NN	The warrior stalked over to him .
tr	NNS	Even language changes , and the same word can mean different things depending on how , where , and when it was said .
tr	NNS	" The tests will most likely come when you least expect them .
tr	NN	After a few , the glove compartment popped open and then another did , too .
tr	NN	There was noticeable hesitation , but Jackson shook it .
tr	NNS	Her vocal cords felt shredded -- just like her heart .
tr	NN	" There 's no accounting for who you love , right ? "
tr	NN	A dimple buries itself in her cheek .
tr	NN	There was too much damage .
tr	NNS	The lighter flicks and then the smell of cigarette smoke flows through the air .
tr	NNS	The jagged edges of the crystal sent sparks of white light as Echo moved toward it .
tr	NNS	Things are great , actually . "
tr	NNS	Logan lands one more punch square across my jaw , and I land flat against the concrete one last time .
tr	NNS	Even his caresses did not help .
tr	NNS	My mattress was lumpy and too small , and the straw was prickly .
tr	NNS	He flipped on , checked the private ads of old furniture and cars .
tr	NNS	In fact , the equations that had led her here should have been obvious all along .
tr	NNS	Romulus looked up at Viktor , whose expectations had been shattered .
tr	NN	No trick could stop his mind from worrying about what new dangers the morning would bring .
tr	NN	On the one hand an agent for the Chinese on the other in business for himself probably unknown to the Chinese .
tr	NNS	The images of his life raced away from him , into the distance .
tr	NN	There was a hunter following us . '
tr	NN	Instantly my hunger cinches around my neck , strangling me with the desire to hurt her .
tr	NNS	Several drugs highways pass through here .
tr	NNS	" Things are different now .
tr	NN	The panic-stricken horse reared and its hoof landed on Alex 's back .
tr	NNS	Your fears on that score are over ; there is no threat now from " the world " to you or Laura .
tr	NNS	There were shots , for God 's sake . "
tr	NN	" Well , you don 't need to graduate to tame wild snakes , " the mayor teased .
tr	NNS	" The weddings on the hill are splendid .
tr	NN	" Where did your grandmother get the sets of fake ID ? "
tr	NNS	Further out , two dolphins worked a shoal of mullet .
tr	NN	A trickle of blood hung on his brow and his sea green eyes were frantic .
tr	NNS	Kimo 's notebooks showed little indication of scholarship , but they did reveal him to be a prolific poet .
tr	NNS	Images of the plaza appeared , but the distance was such that no faces could be seen .
tr	NNS	The concealed creatures hissed threateningly .
tr	NN	Until she remembered that Case had been standing near Mrs. Price 's desk at the start of class .
tr	NN	The implication was obvious .
tr	NN	" My mistress grows increasingly creative in her ways to torment me . "
tr	NNS	Soldiers are coming ! "
tr	NNS	" Who are the groupies ? "
tr	NN	Eveline 's declaration had surprised them all .
tr	NN	Sure , the camp leader was older , but not by many years .
tr	NN	Every stroke of hair against that phantom evidence of life and death was like kindling thrown into the fire of his blazing guilt .
tr	NNS	Electric gates closed with a clang behind the car .
tr	NNS	" Your Highness , " Yaris said .
tr	NN	The winner was my dad , so he and Colton started off the game .
tr	NN	The pen fell from Trenton 's mouth to the floor , and he bent down to pick it up .
tr	NN	Now everyone wil know the truth ! "
tr	NN	The familiar purple haze warmed the horizon to the east .
tr	NNS	Anna Bell smirks then points her stick back at him .
tr	NNS	A few pairs of your father 's socks might help .
tr	NNS	" The newspapers call him ' the Magellan of the Air . '
tr	NN	The sheriff breathed a sigh of relief and gestured for Eve and Claire to come out .
tr	NN	No , the gown wasn 't translucent .
tr	NNS	Chills went down my back , and I looked back and saw the others watching me go .
tr	NNS	Reyes held up the walkie-talkie .
tr	NN	The last crewmen wrapped a thick red silk scarf around the women 's eyes and everyone seemed pleased with the results .
tr	NN	A nosy neighbor was more likely to call the police if they saw anything suspicious .
tr	NNS	The preliminary DNA tests came back , and we are a match .
tr	NNS	There were blood drips on the upholstery .
tr	NN	His honor at home and in the community might survive intact .
tr	NNS	There were other members of a Fillmore family as well .
tr	NN	Another roar parted his lips , the pleasure and pain an intoxicating blend he couldn 't fight .
tr	NNS	The goblins stopped , as startled by the appearance of Eduard and his companions as the companions were at the sight of the goblins .
tr	NNS	Where were the thousands of people wearing the white masks ?
tr	NN	' I hear you , mate , ' Love said .
tr	NNS	All defenses went down around her because she knew him better then anyone .
tr	NN	I 'm sure ' t is nothing ye can do .
tr	NN	The other option remained that she was Sibyl Godwin , the reincarnation of the legendary Beatrice .
tr	NNS	The screens faded to a fine gray static .
tr	NNS	Kris retracted his hand and stared at her , " Why do you insist on resisting me .
tr	NNS	Still drying pools of blood covered most of the floor , with red paw prints connecting them .
tr	NN	Her pulse thumped in her throat .
tr	NNS	His nostrils widened and he inhaled as he slowly scanned the line of trees surrounding them .
tr	NN	The implication seemed to be that if the Prince did not drink , drinking would be thrust upon him .
tr	NN	Backing a step to consider his options , his boot crunched on something on the floor .
tr	NN	My old partner from the force stays here and guards the camp from snoops and feds .
tr	NNS	No more explanations of who they are and why they behave the way they do . "
tr	NNS	Even the fireflies had retreated into the gloomy night .
tr	NNS	Outside the gates , five hundred enemy warriors charged towards us .
tr	NNS	The werewolves are closing in .
tr	NN	How hard it was for her to stand in the home her grandmother had made for them without Gran 's steadfast presence any more .
tr	NNS	Sadness and regret just didn 't fit him .
tr	NN	A wooden staircase led up to an office suite with a large window that overlooked the bay .
tr	NNS	Used to be they fought every day ; Maynard more often if yeh count ' em troublesome pub fights and such .
tr	NNS	The suns arced three quarters of the way across the sky in the time it took Kate to exhaust herself .
tr	NNS	Endless images of elk flashed through my mind , some just lying in the snow , others walking , running , or suddenly appearing , then vanishing .
tr	NNS	The next morning the companions woke early in order to prepare for the busy day ahead of them .
tr	NNS	There were bars on the windows , a security screen on the front door .
tr	NNS	There above them were ripples of water reflecting light .
tr	NN	My lack of sleep was strictly because I had two things on my mind : our kiss , and Charlie 's reaction to our kiss .
tr	NNS	The colors were slowly coming to life ; the sun illuminated the brightly painted homes and the swirls of bright blue in the ocean .
tr	NN	Jazz doubted it was her first trip to the city .
tr	NN	" Where is the Andersons ' cottage ? "
tr	NN	the sergeant cried , and as one , the troop turned and rode off , back the way they had come .
tr	NNS	" Whatever you might think of me , " he said kindly , " the facts are that this is a very dangerous cult .
tr	NN	Just then , an exceptionally shrill whistle along with a shout echoed up from the bottom of the hill .
tr	NNS	The four visitors remained on the step , listening to every word .
tr	NN	Her lack of willpower disgusted her .
tr	NN	Link grabbed his shoulders and shook him gently .
tr	NN	The shrink had to be wrong .
tr	NN	Silver for the demon towers , And bronze to summon wicked powers .
tr	NNS	For the moment , birds sang to them , squirrels played in their branches , and the sun was never ending .
tr	NN	The second cub clung to Graham 's head and made little growling noises .
tr	NNS	More glass smashed and the man screeched again , the sound bouncing off the curved walls .
tr	NNS	Soft , green moss grows atop the makeshift mattress , more inviting than you might think .
tr	NNS	Her skills showed her rough tutelage and she was proved to be inferior as Cora 's blade entered her abdomen .
tr	NN	The corporal grabbed her by the shoulders at the same time and pushed her to the ladder .
tr	NN	Max 's foresight in arranging for his students to set up a public address system allowed those outside to participate .
tr	NN	For instance , the instinct for formality , if there is such a thing , would cause me to ask permission to sit down .
tr	NN	That U2 guitarist swears by his . '
tr	NNS	Tight quarters , but he was happy he had a place , and I liked to be anywhere that wasn 't home .
tr	NN	The settlement had been famous for centuries past as a burial ground for anyone that claimed the uneven landscape of Stonehill as their home .
tr	NN	A bullet grazed his cheek .
tr	NNS	The trail winds towards an ominous looking mine set in the foot of the mountains .
tr	NN	The second lever was ... " There ! "
tr	NN	His posture slackened a little .
tr	NNS	Golden globes of shimmering luminescence floated around the lobby .
tr	NNS	Two attendants heaved open the heavy double doors to Tomas ' study .
tr	NNS	These lovely ladies are going to escort me to my dressing room , and I will be dancing with fire for you shortly . "
tr	NNS	His kisses grew shorter , more fervent .
tr	NN	My range of interests is Lilliputian .
tr	NNS	Things like this always do . "
tr	NNS	The aliens had been busy , setting up a large complex on the surface and aggressively exploiting the planet 's resources .
tr	NNS	" Others have captured all sorts of creatures .
tr	NN	Reality had come to call .
tr	NNS	As we clambered down the fire escape , shouts echoed from the front of the building .
tr	NNS	At least his movements didn 't indicate suspicion .
tr	NNS	His dress trousers molded about his calves and thighs most stunningly .
tr	NN	But Theresa 's schedule was completely different , if only because of Kevin .
tr	NN	For those few minutes Love hadn 't been in full control .
tr	NN	The pavement tore off the skin on his lower arms .
tr	NN	Her language was usually mild , but there were some occasions that called for swear words , and this was one of them .
tr	NNS	These ideas have come from Hindu beliefs and I am very skeptical about those personally .
tr	NN	The last tip she picked up had made her several hundred thousand dollars richer .
tr	NNS	There are at least a dozen tunnels that split off in all directions .
tr	NN	The hood was empty .
tr	NNS	The little Luck shudders as we push past the atmosphere and into stark , silent reaches where I feel most at home .
tr	NN	An insolent smile twisted Seth 's lips .
tr	NN	In the year 2075 , there is a colony of thirty thousand humans on the moon , and the moon still orbits the earth .
tr	NN	" My good knight , you must seek this dragon out and slay him so that he never visits our village again ! "
tr	NNS	The flashlights from the officers changed direction and their footsteps moved to investigate the noise .
tr	NN	The entire operation there should 've taken less than an hour .
tr	NN	A dark mass filled the doorway , roughly the same size as Dean 's wraith .
tr	NNS	Moses sat himself down on the ground in front of the bench .
tr	NN	Part of me says yes , like it 's some kind of great trauma , something like ... " Kellen trailed off , burdened by recollection .
tr	NNS	Others , like myself have more forceful personalities .
tr	NNS	The two cousins in Kansas were the last of the lot and they were Don 's relatives , not mine .
tr	NNS	The mothers stand on the beach watching the ship disappear .
tr	NNS	Dark passions once again stirred within him , making the air feel as thick as honey .
tr	NNS	His shimmering scales were every bit as beautiful as the horde he guarded .
tr	NN	Where was her loyalty ?
tr	NN	There was a distinct challenge in her voice .
tr	NNS	" Things weren 't so cheerful for a while there last night .
tr	NN	The plant will reopen on Monday .
tr	NNS	Such beautiful creatures they were .
tr	NNS	So , there 's no worries . "
tr	NNS	After a lengthy pause Lee 's eyelids opened , revealing his narrowed brown eyes staring straight into the hellish face of the man .
tr	NN	His hatred of me is legendary .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids fluttered and her vision dimmed .
tr	NNS	Looks like we 'll need all our strength tomorrow , so try to get some rest .
tr	NN	Where 's my sweater ?
tr	NN	" There 's no other logical explanation . "
tr	NN	A fan of gray char crackled from its broken seals and its motors lay silent .
tr	NN	The skeleton tried to claw John , but another bolt of energy hit it in the chest turning it to dust .
tr	NNS	Surely the healers would find a way to help her .
tr	NN	Eleanor 's running route took her through Battersea Park on a circuitous route around the boating lake and then back across the Thames to Belgravia .
tr	NNS	Words scrolled across the computer screens , which were wowing with interference .
tr	NNS	" Even the most commercial trappings of the malls today reflect the old pagan ways and the Christian ways woven together . "
tr	NNS	The kisses had been awkward , the caresses even more so .
tr	NNS	No worries , we 'll get you there . "
tr	NNS	Aris cleared his throat , an obvious interjection .
tr	NN	A ghoul climbs from each mound .
tr	NN	On one side , a small balcony offered a view of the surrounding undulating hills .
tr	NNS	There were prayers and rosaries , and I said none but sat quietly with Liz , who stared straight ahead at the casket .
tr	NNS	My pulse raced , a wordless answer .
tr	NN	The light emanating from the stones shot into the air , like extended arms .
tr	NNS	Things are about to get ugly . "
tr	NN	A big bullet hole .
tr	NNS	Her twists , which she 'd gotten redone for the wedding , were hanging down and she was dressed in jeans and a simple sweater .
tr	NN	The email icon appeared in the corner of his screen .
tr	NN	A trio of plain chairs sat behind each of the tables .
tr	NNS	The colors flowed and mixed .
tr	NN	" The Last Chance prides itself on being a friendly place . "
tr	NNS	The pawns die first .
tr	NN	A tumble of confusing emotions rumbled through her .
tr	NNS	Words are wind , Egg .
tr	NNS	And the grapes she kept popping in there .
tr	NN	Otherwise was a concept with several pathways out of it .
tr	NN	But the adults ' inability to see him clearly wasn 't proof against this sort of insistent declaration , and he could feel the puzzlement around him .
tr	NNS	His followers pressed in on him like groupies around a rock star .
tr	NN	There was no optical illusion at play .
tr	NN	Stop the throbbing need to end your life ? "
tr	NNS	Long strands of spiderweb clenched his neck , stretching upward , growing more transparent with each inch until they finally vanished about three feet above his head .
tr	NNS	The goblins , seeing their leader vanish thus leaving them behind , made for a quick retreat though the opening in the wall .
tr	NNS	' Talking in riddles is a very good way to keep from being exposed as a fraud . ' '
tr	NN	Love held her gaze and smiled .
tr	NNS	Its strains reached out and wove themselves around Liza , freezing her in place .
tr	NNS	The other band members dropped their jaw at the decorations , silk curtains , detailed wall paintings and tidiness .
tr	NN	" No offense , " he said to Raja .
tr	NN	Instead of a vocal response , the leader gave hand signals and the squad began advancing toward the southwest corner .
tr	NN	The spider was crawling out , dragging the impaling pin behind .
tr	NN	The Dwarf bowed slightly .
tr	NNS	There were quite a few improvements in medical care , and a minor dermal injury like that was a pretty easy fix .
tr	NNS	Those idiots set off a blast that left my ears ringing for hours . "
tr	NN	Another lever reversed direction , but that would not be required .
tr	NNS	The Officials give Thalia a wide berth for some reason , and then thirty of them waltz into our home and turn it upside down .
tr	NN	There was the thunk of a plate , the scent of fresh bread .
tr	NN	The notion of just letting everything fall into place was completely alien to his nature .
tr	NN	Another female student with long blonde hair was working on what looked like a little box with a screen and a flat camera .
tr	NN	The footman trotted back to us from the stair , his young eyes wide and excited .
tr	NN	Love was a fleeting , fickle emotion that he 'd never had much use for .
tr	NN	The next tap had an unsheathed nail at the end of it .
tr	NN	Alex 's absence to me was torment and annoyance at the same time .
tr	NN	" Your chariot awaits . "
tr	NN	Today , strange as it was , had started out as a normal day .
tr	NNS	There were many other great warriors beside him .
tr	NN	A footman opened the carriage door .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids fluttered down and then she was kissing him back , her innocence and her eagerness more powerful than any aphrodisiac .
tr	NNS	' Anyway ... cats can talk to rats , OK ?
tr	NN	" My uncle , " he said .
tr	NN	Your mate tried to break my woman , and for that reason , I can 't let her come here while you still have her . "
tr	NNS	The smugness in her tone made Egwene hesitate .
tr	NN	Both Storm and Tia wondered .
tr	NNS	" Your Highness , " he snarled from between clenched teeth .
tr	NN	His darling did no such thing .
tr	NNS	The figures hesitated when they saw it .
tr	NNS	Upstairs , she took care of the empty guest rooms first , then made her way to the room where he 'd slept .
tr	NNS	At dusk , servants would whisk away the flowers and replace them with branching candelabra and new tapers .
tr	NN	The little cottage was single story and white with black trim and shutters to close during the harsh winter storms .
tr	NN	His blissful reunion with Moya and his great city had once again come to an end .
tr	NN	Once the legions start fighting each other , the Empire will really disintegrate . "
tr	NNS	The creatures didn 't bite however .
tr	NN	His passion was addicting and she wanted the whole of it for herself .
tr	NN	" Change stations now , " the recording announced .
tr	NNS	Where 's Pallas 's quarters ? "
tr	NN	The melody drifted across the lawn , and the cheering died down to listen to the slow song .
tr	NN	The sentence remained incomplete as Dollop rolled to his left at the final second , leaving Hugo to take the full force of the falling slab .
tr	NN	The thrill of glory rushed through his veins , and his only thought was to cut them down , to crush them beneath his heel .
tr	NNS	The galaxies are drifting further away , and the stars within the galaxies are moving apart from each other , and the same applies to the molecules .
tr	NN	The other captain sighed .
tr	NNS	Two zombies further away started running towards me and then a warm tingling sensation took over .
tr	NNS	There were a few other zombies dressed like Officer Romero , but most of the people were normal in their clothes and physical appearances .
tr	NNS	" Many curses are crap , but ... " Shock shrugged .
tr	NNS	The sirens drew near .
tr	NN	It seemed to press closer , a velvet shroud that sent a trickle of unease down Grace 's spine .
tr	NNS	Necessary repairs , or the Mustang wouldn 't be passing inspection .
tr	NNS	We had a lot of drug addicts , former prostitutes , runaways , abused girls . "
tr	NN	Swirling steam rose to capture the bright sunlight , taking on glowing life .
tr	NN	Upon impact , a glass panel behind Simon shattered outwardly allowing the cold winter wind into the chamber .
tr	NNS	So much planning and tedious preparations had gone into it , so a decision had to be made on whether or not to cancel it .
tr	NNS	The apples smelt incredible .
tr	NNS	All dwarves had their favourite and there was great rivalry between the different areas and families as to the best .
tr	NNS	" No worries , he 's still a bit put out with me . "
tr	NNS	Others found pleasure in the act .
tr	NNS	Certain creatures have sharp ears .
tr	NNS	Her French , she was proud to say , sounded as good as his Italian had last night .
tr	NNS	My subsequent actions were not heroic because I never decided .
tr	NNS	" The vamps will follow the scent of your blood .
tr	NNS	Waves of exhaustion washed over him , and a great lassitude drained him of all consciously directed thought .
tr	NN	Another violent quake shook the facility , accompanied by a muffled boom as something gave way .
tr	NN	It was early morning , the sun 's orange glow beaming across the water as Butch threw in his fishing nets .
tr	NN	This ' scavenger hunt ' wasn 't just for her amusement .
tr	NNS	Apparently their mothers had left the doors open when they unpacked everything .
tr	NN	The sheriff also used the counterfeit money when he would go to cattle auctions all over Colorado .
tr	NN	A redhead writhed against the gold pole center stage , generous hips pumping .
tr	NNS	As the minutes ticked by , the tightness in her chest became unbearable .
tr	NN	As if sensing the escalated threat , the buck struggled to stand but its hind leg was ruined .
tr	NNS	Chartres cut in before Yves could reply .
tr	NN	There 's your papa . "
tr	NN	Grocery shopping was a part of Kelly 's regular routine on Saturdays .
tr	NNS	The side effects don 't bother me , the noises keep me awake and alert as I could ever be .
tr	NN	The clatter of the arriving tray jolted her from her daydream .
tr	NN	The jar tipped and rolled , scattering little paper hearts over the sheets .
tr	NN	Had the bullet gone all the way through ?
tr	NN	Sometimes the watching watchman inside every copper " s head could use an extra pair of eyes .
tr	NNS	Hands slid up and down burning bodies and when he suddenly turned and walked her backward toward the bed , she kept pace .
tr	NNS	Questions had chased away the dreamlike confusion in his eyes , but he said nothing , just withdrew his hand .
tr	NN	Some carrier inflection of Bickel 's voice , a subtly shaded overtone , told Timberlake that Bickel had been worried about him .
tr	NN	Another extra tap on the gas and the rear of the Jeep popped upward and rolled on to the tracks .
tr	NN	A devilish glint appeared in his eyes .
tr	NN	I mean , there is no secondary theory , perhaps , of spontaneous development ?
tr	NNS	So ancient these paintings were .
tr	NNS	There were shouts and call to arms .
tr	NN	Figures race into the trees , turning to shadow as soon as they leave the small circumference of brightness cast by the fire .
tr	NN	Yet , still , there was the reference to dinner ... perhaps Sheba was getting hungry .
tr	NN	The lamp didn 't want to come with me , and it didn 't want to stay on my desk .
tr	NN	Link wasn 't about to try to teleport himself anywhere .
tr	NN	Thank you madam , ' my student overjoyed .
tr	NN	Light , heat , water and nutrition are the necessary attributes for sustained plant growth . "
tr	NN	A thunk sounded behind Alec 's seat .
tr	NNS	The winds were high this evening , the ocean more turbulent than usual .
tr	NNS	The twins , of course , knew exactly what he meant by that .
tr	NNS	The spotlights trailed over the crowd until they reached the stage and the lead singer .
tr	NNS	" What are a few slivers ?
tr	NNS	The dancers didn 't interest me , with the impossible shapes they made of their bodies and the sensuality of skin touching skin .
tr	NNS	There were low murmurs , and then the front door slammed .
tr	NN	" My grandmother called you my guardian angel . "
tr	NNS	A few footprints were visible , but most of the area was packed down with spots that had been gouged out to the dirt beneath the snow .
tr	NNS	Cassius felt fury surge through him ; with all the strength left in him , he forced himself to stay frozen in place .
tr	NN	The main factor , as he saw it , was finding the right person to spend the rest of your life with .
tr	NN	The command was undeniable .
tr	NN	" The balance is shifting in the Nexus , Zoey .
tr	NN	The welfare of Earth hangs on your doing so and , as you have told me , your own career . "
tr	NNS	" Why thank you , Sir , " Bugs replied .
tr	NN	' My employer has a right to know about these little squabbles , wouldn 't you say ? '
tr	NNS	So heavily accented that it was hard to make out what letters the hand flowered symbols were supposed to represent .
tr	NN	The priest pursed his lips plucking at his notes , ' There 's no need to get personal .
tr	NNS	Thank heavens metals bars separated them or she 'd be shark food .
tr	NNS	Lots of hits came back .
tr	NN	There was a vulnerable honesty in her words .
tr	NNS	" Things have certainly changed . "
tr	NNS	Do steroids cancel out a sedative ?
tr	NNS	How far do those tunnels go ?
tr	NN	A growl ripped the air : Major Canis shot through the doorway and tackled Romulus .
tr	NNS	" Your aunts were there , and some others from our clan . "
tr	NNS	The priest attendants will forbid you from leaving .
tr	NNS	There were emeralds and sapphires , in abundance , but there were also diamonds and not a small amount of those either .
tr	NN	When the pair was that sharp and the defenses so weak , a kindness - ^ any kindness -- was almost unbearable .
tr	NN	The audience fell quiet .
tr	NN	Even with his ears covered , the thunderous roar was painfully loud .
tr	NN	The younger Robbie exclaims , apparently forgetting our earlier introductions .
tr	NN	The beating for having killed his master would be a momentary indignity , all too soon lost behind " Yes , Sa ' han .
tr	NN	Your charm reconciles Who custom rigorously divided ; All become brothers , Where your gentle wing rests .
tr	NNS	When a mission follows an unexpected tangent the previous protocols are rescinded .
tr	NN	Only a poof of papery dust as the slug collapses .
tr	NNS	Twenty eight zombies were a lot of zombies , and they were only a few yards away from them .
tr	NN	The good twin took over the bad twin 's body , but now the bad twin is making the good twin do bad things .
tr	NN	The tramp spoke for the third time .
tr	NN	The runner counted down and then made a mad dash .
tr	NN	There was her apron , torn and bloody , and a piece of her calico dress and the remnants of the ribbon that held back her hair .
tr	NN	The student , high above , could just barely see him retrieve another knife from his hip .
tr	NN	His left sleeve was still pushed up , the bloody rag wrapped around his forearm .
tr	NN	His declaration felt like a slap .
tr	NN	Anger and guilt wash over Dax 's face as he lowers his gun .
tr	NNS	Hands reached out to steady me .
tr	NNS	Nuclear materials were splitting and moving towards each of the new cells .
tr	NN	Employing the same subtlety with which it had moved to Matthew 's leg , the dragon turned and slithered up under the poncho .
tr	NNS	The ladies of the staff have promised to go all out in their preparation of the meal . "
tr	NN	But embarrassment kept her from voicing them .
tr	NN	The control panel continued speaking to the room .
tr	NNS	Bottles counted the empties .
tr	NN	In here , the north wind blows right in . "
tr	NNS	Where the creatures would emerge .
tr	NNS	" There are no cat fights in the Mist , John . "
tr	NNS	The characters and events portrayed in this book are fictitious .
tr	NNS	His demands were straightforward and honest , but in the end , it wouldn 't have mattered if she tried to be boring .
tr	NNS	Their murmurs over my health and potential attacks on the boat I barely heard as I lost sight of Drac .
tr	NN	" You are speaking to the marcher lord , " the rider said .
tr	NN	Inside the envelop was a small quarter sized stone attached to a silver necklace .
tr	NN	Every nerve in her body wanted to leap screaming through her skin in revulsion as he leaned toward her .
tr	NNS	Lots of beaming and a book token . "
tr	NNS	" Gentlemen , the funds are in our account so the closing is complete .
tr	NN	Sloane 's giggle echoed down the hallway .
tr	NNS	How about meddling relatives who are dead ?
tr	NNS	Two rows of pale blue partitions formed a wide central aisle that stretched to the back wall .
tr	NN	" His uncle said he didn 't think he was the right fit for the company . "
tr	NNS	Their food supplies were running out , and in the hearts of all there was only acceptance of the fate which awaited them .
tr	NNS	Bottles looked back and forth .
tr	NN	It seemed like , I don 't know , there was a little spark or something there last night . "
tr	NN	The turbulence in the air dropped the plane a few feet , and kept Blake in his leather seat .
tr	NN	Besides , your grandmother has a sort of sixth sense .
tr	NNS	" My instincts are telling me straight , but there 's a breeze that 's to the right .
tr	NNS	On the railing there were still the seals of the big pieces of yellow ribbon with some black writings .
tr	NN	The vinyl moaned as the deputy sat and flipped over the coffee mug in front of him .
tr	NN	The cub , who would maintain his human form until about age three or four , had dark hair like Sean , and gray eyes like Andrea .
tr	NN	" The first assault was beaten back , but not broken .
tr	NNS	Our letters of marque fortified ?
tr	NNS	Things were not adding up .
tr	NNS	His thumbs draw little circles on my cheeks as his fingers thread into the hair at my temples .
tr	NNS	Plasma screens hung from a dozen different places from the ceiling : each one giving a different view of the spectacle .
tr	NNS	Then , her survival instincts , for herself and the children , kicked into gear .
tr	NNS	Belief made people do things that they otherwise wouldn 't - and whether the belief had substance or not , the consequent actions certainly did .
tr	NN	" What is the explanation , Emerson ? "
tr	NNS	Such ideas help no one ! "
tr	NNS	Three figures stepped out into creation .
tr	NNS	His burns hurt like a bitch , and the ropes just cut right into the blisters , making the wounds throb and ache even more .
tr	NNS	Two rows of cream metal lockers cover the entire surface of every wall ; each with a name printed on the door and a combination lock .
tr	NNS	Things fell over in the room .
tr	NN	What 's the sentence ? "
tr	NN	His ninth birthday had been just the month before , in October .
tr	NN	The chuckle that escaped my mouth sounded sick and demented .
tr	NNS	" My apologies , Mr. Thorne , " the judge intoned .
tr	NN	( The author worked as a salvage crew on a derailment when young .
tr	NNS	Comfortable leathers chairs and couches surrounded them , looking on a 52 inch HD TV set in a walnut cabinet .
tr	NN	the sheriff said again .
tr	NN	There was no television at the cottage .
tr	NN	Stunned , an elf fell from the top of the barricade .
tr	NNS	Without the demands of the economy , the mines , factories and the shipyards would die , as would the communities they supported .
tr	NNS	Yet the specifics remained shrouded in darkness .
tr	NNS	The gnomes stole our entire community 's future -- we should at least put a dent in theirs . "
tr	NN	Now a gamble , with potentially catastrophic results , was the last resort he had left .
tr	NN	The rumbling sounds of her stomach echoed in the empty room .
tr	NNS	The small black plastic seats lined the side of the shuttle , facing the one bigger chair for the officer .
tr	NNS	Her black sneakers paused in front of us .
tr	NNS	The wolves had size and speed on their side , but the Forsaken moved with a grim inevitability and were surprisingly hard to kill .
tr	NN	Covered in werewolf blood , the bullet penetrated the beast 's hide .
tr	NN	A treacherous thrill ran through her entire body .
tr	NNS	" The materials were easy enough . "
tr	NNS	Two apples and two apples are four apples .
tr	NN	A dimple creased one cheek .
tr	NN	An overwhelming , disgusting stench came to her when he breathed directly into her face .
tr	NNS	His origins would remain a mystery to everyone but him from here on out .
tr	NNS	There were thirteen in all , though only ten were occupied , their bars fashioned of pitted , black iron that glowed sickly green .
tr	NNS	Several cameras had picked up pieces of Dr. Archibald Polk 's path across the Mall .
tr	NN	His own bloody stupidity was how he 'd ended up there .
tr	NN	The stumpy fellow shrugged .
tr	NNS	Unlike our moon , these two satellites were most likely asteroids that got caught in the gravitational pull of Mars .
tr	NN	With a nod , the priest dove headlong through the narrow hole and rolled into a ready crouch beside Erin .
tr	NN	" You do not need to understand the Council 's motivations , " My Master spat coldly .
tr	NNS	Frigid winds locked around him , burned through layers of protective clothing , froze a path to his lungs .
tr	NN	The uncertainty of the younger 's voice halts my teetering , but will their decision pull me from the edge ?
tr	NNS	Looks like this is the tenth ! "
tr	NNS	Flames burst through the floor beams of the porch as the door bursts open .
tr	NNS	Maris scowled , and Caroline drew back with the eye shadow brush in her hand .
tr	NN	Even the pavement reinforced that feeling , with crushed shells imbedded in the surface instead of gravel .
tr	NNS	Powerful spotlights running off vehicle engines illuminated the area , showing thick vegetation all the way round .
tr	NNS	Sometimes fights broke out but they were friendly for the most part , just ways of letting off pent-up aggression and testing their strength .
tr	NNS	Things have changed and so have I. " I can 't accept it .
tr	NN	" Anyone see a sign that says , Underworld This Way ?
tr	NNS	" Small crew quarters , I take it ? "
tr	NNS	Things she wasn 't proud of .
tr	NN	There was no bra and no panties .
tr	NNS	Without expression , the drones watched as their master closed in .
tr	NNS	The ever changing colors passed slowly by .
tr	NN	The organization operated through individual cells around the world , each running independently , none having the complete picture .
tr	NN	There 's a creak and a crack of light filters into the tunnel .
tr	NN	The inspector stood rooted in place for a moment , two moments , as dismay and frustration whirled helter-skelter about his thoughts .
tr	NNS	Curious to know what they had killed she headed out of the hall .
tr	NNS	The neat rows he had seen from above were not shrubs or new saplings .
tr	NN	His partner sat bare-chested as Elizabeth treated the gunshot wound to his shoulder .
tr	NN	Only the slush piled at the roadsides discloses that the snow was ever here .
tr	NN	A mass of people walked between them , and when they passed by , she was gone .
tr	NNS	Discarded food containers littered the table and the floor near the trashcan .
tr	NNS	However , several members of The Council , including , obviously , myself , saw the wisdom of rescinding that particular edict .
tr	NN	Love parked the car and went straight in to see Fitch .
tr	NN	' Part one is over .
tr	NN	Dear old uncle was never rich from the start , but he did have the property .
tr	NNS	The roads were muddy , and Pappy drove even slower than usual .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids shuddered as she went into a trance .
tr	NNS	And why had the wolves assisted him ?
tr	NNS	A few stray passengers milled around the station porch .
tr	NN	His goal led him to enter a creative writing competition at the age of 10 , which , sadly , he did not win .
tr	NNS	The gangs tried once to come up into the mountains , but they didn 't try a second time , if you know what I mean . "
tr	NNS	The hums of crickets and the bellows of bullfrogs filled in the quiet .
tr	NNS	" The funeral rites for the Citadel dead are about to begin .
tr	NNS	Why couldn 't these situations balance each other ?
tr	NNS	There were standard Indian trails , but you can 't assume the Indians knew all the best trails .
tr	NN	Terror made the fingers in her hand go numb , and the tin cup fell to the ground .
tr	NN	The machinery screamed in protest , and before I could think about what I was doing , I jumped at her , grabbing her gun arm .
tr	NNS	But there are changes in life and in your body all the time .
tr	NNS	His meetings were generally efficient and communicative .
tr	NNS	Three dark , cloaked figures , cowls pulled up to hide their faces stood there .
tr	NN	What a sick joke does that same human misery make if we have the power but not the wit or the will to change it ?
tr	NN	And if that hadn 't been evidence enough to prove his theory , the mind-blowing tightness surrounding him now was .
tr	NNS	Sadness spread among the tribe .
tr	NN	" There was no physical proof linking them to the fire .
tr	NN	It was owned and run by Mr. Kent , the fairly popular actor turned movie maker mogul .
tr	NN	" A pleasant sentiment , my dear man , " Breeze said .
tr	NNS	Another two zombies turned their attention toward her .
tr	NNS	Cars and taxis filled the streets , the lights glowing overhead in the frosty air .
tr	NN	Ok , well some normal people did , but not me .
tr	NN	The voices mutter beside me , " ... okay ... , " then the engines rumble .
tr	NN	The baron clung to the humour as his lifeblood ran in a torrent onto its robes .
tr	NNS	Without warning cameras started to flash .
tr	NN	Stopping by the Porsche , the archangel faced her with narrowed eyes .
tr	NNS	Rufus and James Dean both lived on this side .
tr	NNS	There were cool effects that made it easier to see each other from far away .
tr	NNS	The wipers still did their to and fro in polite unison , and with little clicks .
tr	NNS	His warm whispers were in my ear , saying he was sorry .
tr	NNS	Even wolves who liked pain would be protesting a little .
tr	NN	The same rope the betrayer used in Jerusalem . "
tr	NN	The dragon did not look around once . "
tr	NN	Holding his sword straight out before him as if it were a lance , the newcomer plowed unerringly into Hugh 's opponent .
tr	NN	Instead of disappearing through the arch , the last model made a sharp turn back toward the runway .
tr	NNS	All mysteries solved and so on ? "
tr	NN	Her keyboard was silent now .
tr	NN	The children moved toward the ponds until they spied on the far bank , the landmark described on the map .
tr	NN	The operator called in one night to announce that Chinese ships were unloading troops and supplies in Geraldton , four hours north of Perth .
tr	NN	The pencil stops tapping .
tr	NNS	In the winter the ducks would come and peck on the patio doors , brazenly looking for food .
tr	NNS	' Those cords have cut me like wires ; but my feet are getting warm again .
tr	NN	" What a gorgeous view ! "
tr	NN	The madness of man is bad enough , but the madness of a God ?
tr	NNS	" My sources say he might be making a move into the world 's oldest profession , so there 's that . "
tr	NNS	When he stepped outside , soft flakes of snow fell to the earth .
tr	NNS	The shots took Nicodemus by surprise and stole his balance .
tr	NN	A warrior or a squeamish wuss ?
tr	NN	Every penny she earned went into her college fund .
tr	NNS	Whoever jumps here takes great pride in it .
tr	NN	The sheer magnitude of the towering peaks seemed to put things into perspective , shrinking his problems and making him feel less encumbered .
tr	NNS	The upper levels are pitch black .
tr	NNS	Small clips of time keep slipping away .
tr	NN	her twin asked groggily .
tr	NN	But a new chef was with us , and I was eager to measure Miguel 's food against Juan 's .
tr	NNS	The remaining members of the crowd swarmed the employee 's body .
tr	NNS	The other ladies embraced him in turn .
tr	NN	There was wire mesh over the windows and an air of neglect about the exterior .
tr	NN	Then the roar starts again as the four in the arena separate and head off , each into their own triangle .
tr	NNS	Malevolent eyes peered at him from every building , unspeakable creatures emerged from the sewer grates as soon as he passed over them .
tr	NN	" Phase one is complete : we 've procured the crystal .
tr	NNS	" I know , soon , more Lights should be able to feel it .
tr	NNS	Thankfully the tennis courts weren 't that far from her house .
tr	NNS	" Yeah , we 'll need you and Leland for a few other things during the show , " Bugs added .
tr	NN	Oh , ho , ho , ' t is no wonder , thar 's nothin ' but the sweet trade fer me . "
tr	NNS	Probably the local stores would make a year 's worth of profits before the day was out !
tr	NNS	' Those jewels I brought with me as a young bride were very precious to me , but I have sacrificed them for Nicholas 's sake .
tr	NNS	" The consequences are too big . "
tr	NNS	Passing the second door the young woman shudders visibly .
tr	NNS	My wrists slide around in the blood as I shred my flesh under the buckle .
tr	NN	His agony was too terrible for her to bear .
tr	NN	The first was listed as Rory Davenport , a student registered at Glasgow University , reading Philosophy and Politics .
tr	NN	" A Kappa pledge just told his whole house we hooked up in a hayloft . "
tr	NN	His reflection faded away , revealing an empty cavern room , torches lighting its cool damp walls .
tr	NNS	My sources tell me you are still in the same business , working for Montoya . "
tr	NN	My Elder remained silent .
tr	NN	The venom had been in his eyes all along , but in her desperation to feel loved and alive , Victoria had ignored it .
tr	NNS	Her actions were those of true affection .
tr	NN	A distinctive older gentleman entered the room as well .
tr	NNS	His abilities , however , were stunning .
tr	NN	The mob fled in all directions .
tr	NNS	The two-dimensional figures exited the cottage , and the view flashed to the exterior .
tr	NNS	Both detectives narrowed their eyes , then nodded in near unison .
tr	NNS	" My grandparents are waiting outside with Anthony , probably just as apprehensive about all of this as you are .
tr	NN	" The Program is coming for me . "
tr	NNS	2 World governments , after a brief , rather understandable " What the hell ? "
tr	NN	Before he could comment , however , a chuckle greeted him from the other side of the table .
tr	NN	His lack of status had made it difficult to break into the medical community .
tr	NNS	" Continue repairs to damaged systems as ordered , but integrate sub-human into upgrade programing " .
tr	NNS	A dozen or so white cloaked figures were climbing some ledges in the distance to their left .
tr	NN	She 's going to think I 'm a player , a perv .
tr	NN	Across the street , a faded billboard advertised some sort of fair , depicting a Ferris wheel and carnival rides .
tr	NNS	Furthermore , the villagers were frightening the children , which she refused to let continue .
tr	NN	Part of the reason she left in the first place was to find adventure .
tr	NNS	The two servants looked a little surprised that the doctor their lady had come to consult was this striking young gentleman in evening dress .
tr	NN	Love didn 't always come easy , but I had prayed for this opportunity .
tr	NNS	" But , intelligent or not , those types still tend to be uneducated .
tr	NNS	All the single ladies are wishing they were you right now . "
tr	NNS	Building supplies were always a bit short , but we made do the best we could .
tr	NNS	Mille 's soft snores filled the dim room .
tr	NNS	More chains rattled together .
tr	NNS	And after a few minutes her eyelids started to fall .
tr	NN	" That 's why I called you here , " the sheriff answered .
tr	NN	" The lord carried the dead one all the way . "
tr	NN	" What 's my offense ? "
tr	NNS	Delores glanced at her .
tr	NN	The nausea is near constant now .
tr	NNS	There weren 't even any security cameras for me to avoid .
tr	NN	Tessa 's mother Kim answered just as the answering machine went off .
tr	NNS	A few raindrops landed on Spencer 's head .
tr	NNS	The two detectives went through the door with Griffin giving me a hard look .
tr	NNS	The couch had been overturned , its cushions sliced open with foam spilling out of them .
tr	NNS	Her movements jostled Will 's sunglasses down on his nose .
tr	NN	The log would be hard to move , even after he cut it up .
tr	NN	The trio obediently followed the man over the bridge spanning the chasm in which the unseen River flowed , pointing out all the architectural wonders about them .
tr	NN	Even her survival instinct had finally kicked in .
tr	NN	Chance tilted to get a look at the tall , angular man filling his plate at the buffet table .
tr	NNS	The trousers were an inch short , but they would do .
tr	NN	And usually if they got close enough to use the sword a bullet had stopped them short of their goal .
tr	NNS	My eyelids grew heavier , but still the door stayed closed .
tr	NN	Trenton 's left dimple sunk in when he grinned .
tr	NN	My secretary sent some shampoo and flea medicine with your new clothes as well . "
tr	NNS	The paintings become a whirlwind of colors as the air picks up .
tr	NNS	The stakes aren 't so high with the rest of your cohort .
tr	NNS	Not very many standards ... But there were some levels of crazy I just couldn 't mess with .
tr	NN	The paint can dropped into the lake .
tr	NNS	Looks like they 've found a friend in one another , and this makes me happy .
tr	NNS	Erebus studied her as she put the rest of the packages inside the delivery boxes .
tr	NNS	The effects of these words were so dramatic that Annie actually felt a bit ashamed .
tr	NNS	My pulse races despite every year we 've spent together .
tr	NNS	There were half finished hobbies scattered across this table and that .
tr	NNS	The monitor 's images illuminated Cassian 's angular face in harsh relief and shadows .
tr	NNS	" And when do the visitors come ? "
tr	NN	A thrill travels down my spine .
tr	NNS	In the distance , spotlights studded a chain-link fence that gleamed a bright , molten silver , with the razor wire on top shimmering like pointed diamonds .
tr	NN	Whatever is a rebel of my standing to do ?
tr	NN	A thin sheen of sweat covered his olive skin .
tr	NN	" Yeah , my mate is the fairest in all the land .
tr	NNS	" According to Dauntless law , only Dauntless leaders can perform an execution .
tr	NNS	Then the tentacles started swinging around the habitat again .
tr	NN	Prophet protested , of course , but Roach was implacable .
tr	NN	The white scar running down the side of his cheek was more noticeable now that he had been spending more time outside and his skin was tanned .
tr	NN	The soft murmuring of many voices whispered in her ear .
tr	NN	The introduction went on , skipping the three creatures at the end .
tr	NNS	Her blond locks toss about her head as she searches the ground with a pensive look .
tr	NNS	The landscapes are stunning , and the wine is rich and delicious . "
tr	NNS	Rising levels of uneasiness warned me the conversation was heading to a direction that could not meet a good end as I finished speaking that sentence .
tr	NN	" The DVD was Connor 's idea , so if it helps , we owe him big .
tr	NN	Love knew exactly to whom the little dog would go .
tr	NNS	There were dresses and skirts and pants , blouses and pullovers and casual tops with both short and long sleeves .
tr	NNS	Girls don 't fight like this .
tr	NNS	Elias rocked on his booted heels .
tr	NN	Tabitha looked at Angela , " Oh hell , " Angela said , " the television is still on the news broadcast . "
tr	NN	Had sentiment overruled reason ?
tr	NNS	" My apologies , " Tarkin flicked the splinter away with two fingers .
tr	NNS	The whispers are all asking each other who he is and if he 's single .
tr	NN	The bodice was golden , velvet and the dress , satin , yellow with swoops of material that arced from panel to panel .
tr	NNS	The images that once again entered Allie 's mind threatened to make her ill .
tr	NNS	The electrically hardened trains had been the difference in making sure that people received the support needed to survive until spring .
tr	NN	You are right , we were brothers once , " the angel remarked .
tr	NNS	And then , there are the frogs .
tr	NNS	Aris yelled , still facing the other direction .
tr	NN	" There is no chick . "
tr	NNS	The media amplified disputes with no holds barred , that exasperated minds leading to bloody clashes .
tr	NNS	Sure , there were risks , he could get caught , but he felt confident they 'd never be able to lock him up .
tr	NN	the dragon answered , somewhat pleased .
tr	NN	A cascade of loose ebony curls framed her pale heart-shaped face .
tr	NN	Her savior stared back at her with piercing green intensity .
tr	NN	This gentleman managed to make her feel like a gullible schoolgirl .
tr	NNS	Before them stood a heavy door , engraved with wrought iron moulds resembling dark , legendary creatures found only in the myths of the deepest caverns .
tr	NN	A roar of surprise affronted the mage then .
tr	NNS	How are preparations going for this afternoon ? "
tr	NNS	The worst lies are almost always silence - or else truth , tainted with just enough deception to rot it to the core .
tr	NNS	Thoughts like that only make things worse . "
tr	NNS	There were pools of light beneath the street lamps on the path , but they didn 't reach very far .
tr	NNS	But our sources tell us Paxton was hoping to meet up with her biological family in Tucson .
tr	NN	Its tip rose from the floor and it seemed to sniff the air .
tr	NN	The little blue stenographer 's stool , from which Candy had been wont to flash her gorgeous gams , was unoccupied .
tr	NN	His tail tip ended in an arrowhead .
tr	NN	There was no uncertainty any more ; no excitement .
tr	NN	Space Age Love Song I found an alien , an alien princess she was by my bedside .
tr	NN	That installation fearlessly let his friends and admirers know that not only was our relationship imperfect , but he himself lacked confidence and swagger .
tr	NNS	The shadowy figures rustled in the darkness again .
tr	NN	The pilot was skilled , maneuvering through the heavy canopy to give his gunner the best advantage .
tr	NN	The spotlight was very much on them and Susan was fraught with nerves .
tr	NNS	' There are a dozen hotels within a fifteen minute walk of here , and what if he got another cab ?
tr	NN	The grandmother died in her sleep six years later and Forte was virtually homeless at age 13 .
tr	NNS	Bristle types , head sizes , neck features ... " This is worse than buying a car . "
tr	NN	" The curry smells amazing .
tr	NNS	There were no roads here , no cars , only twisting little alleys , and bridges arching over canals whose water was as green as malachite .
tr	NNS	There were hardly any servants .
tr	NNS	Things seemed complicated enough right then as a kid .
tr	NN	The feather moved down her breast .
tr	NNS	Her expressions of gratitude last night had made him feel ashamed .
tr	NN	Wisdom , reserve , meditation , secrecy .
tr	NNS	Reyes held her , but kept his gaze on Torin .
tr	NN	" Part of it is from my dowry , which was substantial .
tr	NNS	There are also whispers of a great treasure in this place , if one is bold enough to go after it .
tr	NNS	" Ten lovers , two wives , and a few dozen anonymous encounters when loneliness got the better of my standards . "
tr	NNS	The mall sprawled before us , two levels of stores , all glass , pale tile , enormous vaulted skylights interrupted by white arches .
tr	NNS	The costumes and set are perfect , the audience rapt and engaged , and the acting effortless .
tr	NN	" A kindly old fraud who presides over his two acres with tottering good humor , dispensing advice and tea to wanderers .
tr	NNS	My observation skills had completely deteriorated .
tr	NN	I touched the plastic in my pocket as I introduced Will , making a mental note to show him the totem ASAP .
tr	NN	As he leaned forward , his parka hood nearly met hers , sealing off the snowy world .
tr	NNS	The gaps between the door tightened until not even an insect could crawl through .
tr	NNS	Nerves tightened my body a little , and I grabbed on to his hips , waiting for the pain I knew was supposed to come .
tr	NNS	The colors twisted and churned until at last they burst into pure white light and from them walked The Mother herself , the Goddess Vesta .
tr	NNS	" Those images , do you think they were real ? "
tr	NN	At that moment , a huge roller was passing through the town and the dock lagoon had swelled into a rounded , glassy hill .
tr	NNS	Thoughts like that will only make me blush .
tr	NN	There was little distinction separating the kitchen from the living room .
tr	NNS	Americus made no reply as he continued working the rope .
tr	NN	The implication could not have been clearer if she 'd spelled it out for him word by word .
tr	NN	The only subject Deborah talked about was her new job .
tr	NN	But Cal 's specialty was healing magic , and his attack spells were weak .
tr	NN	" The ambassador wishes me to convey her admiration for your incisive questions this morning .
tr	NN	* * * The ferry was docking on Bainbridge Island when Michael 's cell phone rang .
tr	NN	Then everything north of his jaw slid off , hitting the floor with a thud that was echoed by his body moments later .
tr	NN	Way to overreact , Sis , I think , and press DELETE .
tr	NNS	the Black Jester demands , flustered that the girl is in harm 's way again .
tr	NN	The gleam of elegance reflected all through the place had withstood for eight thousand years .
tr	NNS	The wolves ran headlong into the fire .
tr	NN	A much older Ashe than the one he 'd last seen stood before him .
tr	NNS	The detectives would have found Shifters at the end of the trail .
tr	NN	" Good , " The Author said , " It 's about time you did something useful other than increase my word count .
tr	NN	The warmed flannel of his shirt was soft against her fingertips , the scent of him and the crisp air filling her senses .
tr	NNS	Families didn 't need to know , but military colleagues would wonder , even in private .
tr	NNS	The coaches were talking to each other on the sideline .
tr	NNS	Many civil servants had joined the ranks and so mini ministerial departments had been formed .
tr	NN	A flat , eerie chuckle answers him .
tr	NNS	" What were the pills you were popping last night ? "
tr	NNS	The creatures appeared to be indifferent to the weather , favoring neither hot climates nor cold , sunny areas nor rainy locales .
tr	NN	But the torso was visible , covered in so much dust and grime he couldn 't tell at first if he saw a male or female .
tr	NNS	Come on , movies say a lot of crap .
tr	NN	The crisis in South Carolina had resulted in the bombardment of Fort Sumter , which had fanned the flames of war .
tr	NN	the traveler tells us .
tr	NN	And the way one unruly curl fell across his forehead no matter how he slicked it back .
tr	NNS	Calliope 's accusations hang over my head like black clouds .
tr	NN	The van rocked to a halt .
tr	NN	The real Pansy , Jazz was sure .
tr	NNS	All substances appeared to be negative , except one .
tr	NN	The terrified undertone in his words pierces my heart , and I nod again , but this time I actually mean it .
tr	NNS	The pirates had grown up with tales of men wearing black who would jump out from shadows and slit your throat before you even knew it .
tr	NN	A crocodile has climbed two steps up the grand staircase .
tr	NNS	Doors opened and men disappeared screaming .
tr	NN	A nugget of guilt resided in the pit of her stomach at the knowledge , but she forced herself to ignore it .
tr	NNS	Even the restaurants and clubs she frequented overpriced their alcoholic drinks , so when she did order one she favored those that were least expensive .
tr	NNS	And all the roads and signs look the same .
tr	NNS	Reyes stepped out of the way and the little blonde rushed forward .
tr	NNS	Images played as on a reel , pictures of perfection .
tr	NNS	The images produced in the psychic corridor never reacted to outside illumination .
tr	NN	Season starts in May . "
tr	NNS	The scans look good , though .
tr	NN	The electricity surged and Duncan 's entire body began to glow .
tr	NNS	Gold hoops glittered from between the crimped mass of her hair .
tr	NN	Small consolation since he knew that wasn 't proof positive .
tr	NNS	Because of the smell of the older one , the villagers left her to herself .
tr	NNS	Words didn 't come .
tr	NN	A spark of pride returned to Deni 's eyes .
tr	NNS	Her footsteps slowed as her mind and heart softened .
tr	NNS	Cassius gripped both of my shoulders and turned me back to him .
tr	NNS	Things probably weren 't any easier for her right now , and I wanted her to have all the help she could get .
tr	NN	The ale sloshed out onto the table , slapping onto the man 's wrist and the edge of his sleeve .
tr	NN	The television was on in the living room , squawking an annoying product jingle that grated on Ice 's raw nerves .
tr	NNS	Bugs could see the whole thing coming together .
tr	NN	Ghost considered for a moment .
tr	NN	A blush warmed Stacy 's cheeks .
tr	NN	The rock mystic leaped at her as she struggled to her feet -- but this time she was ready .
tr	NN	Still , the angel did not reply .
tr	NN	' Careful , ' Love said .
tr	NN	But the icon should have blown up along with the building .
tr	NN	But before I can worry about my attendance record , the crash of shattering glass catches my ear from downstairs .
tr	NNS	The creatures came once , only once , and after raining havoc , creating chaos , they disappeared forevermore .
tr	NNS	The murmurs in the marble took on a darker , harsher cadence , almost as if they didn 't like Sebastian 's words .
tr	NN	His declaration of love in the back room at Susannah 's Garden had been the most beautiful thing Alix had ever heard .
tr	NN	The sudden echoing roar was their only warning .
tr	NNS	Paul 's eyelids fluttered open as he righted himself .
tr	NN	The dark elf paused looking for support from those around him .
tr	NNS	" There are thousands , so we can 't fight them .
tr	NNS	There are several couples making out in the hallway , in seriously overt sessions of PDA .
tr	NN	The cowboy hit the barn floor rolling and managed somehow to deposit Matthew in one piece .
tr	NN	On cue another elderly gentleman walked up to Emma and bowed .
tr	NN	In the event that one or both of us is dismount , combat will continue until one part , that being you , discontinues combat .
tr	NNS	Others inject the heroin through needles under the watchful eye of police who ensure they don 't leave the needles on the ground .
tr	NN	The angel backed up a bit .
tr	NNS	Additionally , there are two other factors .
tr	NNS	There were no other colours but emerald and black .
tr	NNS	Freaks had children ; that meant breeding .
tr	NNS	When did the Others start shifting into human form ?
tr	NNS	Already exhausted , I knew unless Jared saved us , my abilities would be worthless .
tr	NN	The house shooter wore a black vest with gold embroidery .
tr	NN	Jo 's pencil tapped an irritated rhythm on the file .
tr	NNS	The responsibilities of a land owner weighed heavily on him .
tr	NNS	With every word he spoke , her defenses rose higher .
tr	NN	The tremor in my voice was evident .
tr	NNS	" There are tests . "
tr	NNS	Once deposited there , these funds escaped the oversight of practically everyone in the world .
tr	NNS	Some drunk Americans told him there was an illegal oil rig on the Gulf .
tr	NNS	" Yes , Your Highness , when we first escorted her here , " a soldier responded .
tr	NNS	No more quarantine tape blocks the street off , no more plague patrols hang around outside the house .
tr	NN	The Go player who had annoyed him on his first night in town was sitting on a stool in a corner , playing a banjo .
tr	NN	A strong stench of dried sweat and foul breath emanated from the man .
tr	NN	The government and people were always out to get him .
tr	NNS	" But his warriors do not ! "
tr	NN	Dave 's chip wasn 't easy .
tr	NNS	Bugs turned with a resolute mind and walked away as Brock followed .
tr	NNS	But the goblins had already surrounded them and they were slain quicker than those that remained behind to fight .
tr	NN	' My master and I seek the house of Gunnar , son of Carl the Brave , of the tribe of the Rus . "
tr	NNS	Looks like this nail near the sidewall did us in . "
tr	NNS	In the flickering light of the candles , the designs seemed to writhe and swirl .
tr	NNS	Lots of bandages stained with blood were still in there .
tr	NN	" You should go , " Jazz said .
tr	NN	The backyard is a mess , but dad is thrilled .
tr	NNS	The binoculars , " she added .
tr	NN	The trio snuck into the nearest hospital room , turned on the television , and booted the patient out into the hallway .
tr	NN	Your momma was taking two dresses to be cleaned . "
tr	NN	My contract ends on the sixth and I 'm booked to leave Auckland the next day .
tr	NN	His lack of manners annoyed me , but I ignored that trying to listen to what he had to say .
tr	NNS	Marius suddenly cried out and sat straight up as if someone had splashed a bucket of ice water over his face .
tr	NN	How could her design work ?
tr	NNS	" Reading what Professor Sands ? "
tr	NN	The Fox 's explanation seemed too plain and evident to allow me any hope of doubt .
tr	NN	But also just as it did before , my pulse plummets with disappointment when I see that it 's not .
tr	NNS	And in Holly 's life , there were always consequences .
tr	NNS	Waves of arrogant self-importance radiated from them .
tr	NN	, the village leader , Micah , exclaimed , walking up to the pair with his arms spread out wide .
tr	NNS	Families doubt when there 's too much blood . "
tr	NN	He didn , t know .
tr	NN	The squirrel scurried out of his den as the wolf watched him .
tr	NN	His accent had got thicker , emphasising the man 's distress .
tr	NNS	Then the messengers left .
tr	NNS	Their lands still shook and if any Outlander had been awake , they would have fallen to their knees and prayed to the Gods for mercy .
tr	NNS	These predictions tended , however , to run toward the nonspecific .
tr	NN	Chance couldn 't do this , not again .
tr	NN	Ok , so are you game for one more job ? "
tr	NN	This nameless kitten , which was currently terrorising him , had been one of two kittens given to him on Christmas Eve .
tr	NNS	How were the twins after I left ? "
tr	NN	His daddy made a funny noise .
tr	NN	The caller ID flashed on the screen .
tr	NNS	The bikes found a section of the wall where the angle increased into a short free fall .
tr	NNS	Its ceilings were average height , but it extended far , disappearing into the darkness .
tr	NNS	The twins popped up in the seat in front of them .
tr	NN	Third division protects the top officials of government and the National Workers ' Party .
tr	NNS	The last few shots had run off with my filter .
tr	NN	In the seriousness of the moment , my haze sharpened and he stopped spinning .
tr	NN	Another werewolf showed up to help Ace guard Marcie 's boys , but that 's it .
tr	NNS	The remaining fourteen crew members , via life rafts , eventually washed up onto Skull Island , where they were soon rescued .
tr	NNS	The Jesuit teachers could teach a geography of the possible .
tr	NNS	When she smiles , shyness turns her face even rosier .
tr	NNS	Pushing their shields forward to catch any blows , the nomad warriors began swinging their blades at the stranger .
tr	NN	Jack 's praise pushed aside any embarrassment that had started to creep in .
tr	NNS	Roving gangs worked over the crowds of desperate people until they too ran out of food .
tr	NNS	The cliffs are near vertical and appear to be about 1000 feet high .
tr	NN	A falling shard caught my cheek .
tr	NNS	Myles stopped him once again .
tr	NN	" Morning , my Aya , Did you sleep well ? "
tr	NN	Part of Elizabeth 's power was the deep enchantment she somehow held over most of the people in Captive 's Sound .
tr	NN	There was a festival on Sixth and Market Street , and the area was crowded with pedestrians .
tr	NN	There was a stench of burning sage and something tart and heavy like gasoline , and he thought he saw a figure dragging something along the ground .
tr	NNS	The dancers that were entering the dance ground were in sharp contrast to the muted tans and browns of the high desert .
tr	NN	A single loose curl fell against her temple .
tr	NNS	The expressions on their faces told him with one glance that neither of them were pleased with the direction of their conversation .
tr	NNS	Specialty items , things Lowe 's wouldn 't have .
tr	NN	Isaac 's giggle lifted a heavy burden from James .
tr	NN	Her together and loving personality that day was a veneer hiding the destructive person she was .
tr	NNS	The grasses here were greener , still smoldering .
tr	NN	Picking cotton was not something anyone would volunteer to do .
tr	NN	" Where is the notebook ? "
tr	NN	Indeed , my comm is already alight with demands for information .
tr	NNS	Muscles corded and twisted beneath the Cane 's thick fur , quivering with effort .
tr	NNS	" The pupils in this case were very instructive , and it was pretty dense of me not to catch on sooner .
tr	NN	His inability to speak , to so much as look at her , made Sam 's heart sink .
tr	NNS	Looks aside , she was obviously smart and savvy , and she knew how to twist humans around her fingers .
tr	NNS	The wolves circled him , their eyes glowing yellow through the mist .
tr	NNS	Booted footsteps left the hut and the door clattered shut .
tr	NNS	Now that he 'd gotten to his feet , the drugs he 'd been given weren 't sitting well .
tr	NN	The coin gleamed in the dark and she caught it cleanly , then peered at it .
tr	NNS	Your ancestors used me as a weapon , to destroy their enemies .
tr	NNS	For some reason my fans don 't think of me as a Mike . "
tr	NN	Her Collar hangover was starting to fade .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared when he saw them together .
tr	NNS	Kids from all over the city attended .
tr	NN	The surprise assault had taken everyone off guard , and the rest of the men pulled back as the two wrestled on the ground .
tr	NNS	Observing through squinting eyes , the two halves , that were revealing this monumental opening , slowed before clunking into place .
tr	NNS	" The chances of either one of those are very slim , Kylie .
tr	NNS	The fireworks tore across the heavens , burning brighter as they picked up speed before finally dipping out of sight below the line of the horizon .
tr	NN	The cottage was just as cosy ; we were drinking expensive wine and letting the dishes from dinner get burnt clean by the dishwasher .
tr	NN	The Jeep barrels down the street to the house .
tr	NNS	The fleas called their goodbyes and dove beneath the blankets , looking forward to a meal of the farmer and his wife .
tr	NNS	The footsteps crunched through the snow right behind him , only two steps .
tr	NN	An exquisite radiance flooded her with near frightening power .
tr	NNS	There were no German uniforms in sight , and the café was busier today than yesterday .
tr	NNS	Casting directors had already made fifty percent of the choice before you even opened your mouth .
tr	NN	The page reloaded and displayed all the account information for the coin as well as the latest transactions .
tr	NN	A taunting snort slipped through his nose and he just barely shook his head .
tr	NN	Goody , that fucking worked for me .
tr	NNS	How had his opponents orchestrated this so quietly ?
tr	NNS	Clothing racks lay on their sides , having been tipped by the force of spraying water .
tr	NNS	The floors are still tile , but they are polished to perfection , and there are windows everywhere .
tr	NN	The tank , drained and cut out of the system , gradually fell into disrepair .
tr	NNS	However , our spies have been able to determine where they may make landfall . "
tr	NN	The TV is in the den , which has a shaggy rug and wood walls .
tr	NN	All the furry melted for a moment .
tr	NN	The redhead looked madder than ever , and her husband looked like he wanted to run away and hide .
tr	NN	There 's also a new bra and a pair of panties , both in sunshine yellow and both costing more than my entire lingerie drawer at home .
tr	NN	His body language was an eloquent rejection of any supernatural influences being involved , but Kate refused to let him mock her theory before he understood it .
tr	NNS	The flash cards contained vocabulary words for their English final tomorrow .
tr	NNS	Apparently , Mrs. Voss 's abundant social skills had failed her .
tr	NNS	The raging currents of fiery music crashed like powerful waves , churning the atmosphere .
tr	NN	The launch sequence seemed like it lasted several hours , but in reality we were out of the atmosphere within a half hour .
tr	NNS	The symptoms were all there .
tr	NNS	His eyes were wide , pupils luminous .
tr	NN	Your only option is to wait .
tr	NNS	As soon as they all see me , they 're worried expressions relax .
tr	NN	Perhaps her lack of reaction to Tomas was merely because she 'd thought of him as Beth 's .
tr	NN	And an apple core came tumbling gently through the air .
tr	NNS	" What are your grandparents doing here ? "
tr	NNS	The first 2 codes did not , but the third one did .
tr	NNS	The Christmas cards she 'd received , she 'd hung on the wall in a festive display .
tr	NN	" The pendant rejected the venom .
tr	NN	Part of me knew I should get up and start my day , but I was just so comfortable .
tr	NN	The light streaming up lit their faces grotesquely .
tr	NNS	" The ladies are with Pitman . "
tr	NNS	Hendricks is the only one who works alone .
tr	NNS	And his hopes that his memories of her had been exaggerated disintegrated like a wisp of cloud under a tropical sun .
tr	NN	His cute dimple appeared .
tr	NNS	These hills , Wilmot explained , would form the bastions of our defense .
tr	NNS	Flames shimmered at her fingertips , tiny pinpoints of light that flashed , bright and blinding as the sun .
tr	NNS	The credits rolled across the screen .
tr	NN	The squirrel danced back and forth , barely a foot from Henry 's nose , flicked its tail and dashed away .
tr	NN	Surrounded by conversations , music and mechanical sounds , the scratch of the lead across the paper was inaudible in the coffee shop .
tr	NNS	Makes me feel like the night me da locked me in a crypt for spilling his gin .
tr	NNS	A dozen wolves formed a circle around her and Drake .
tr	NNS	Did mansions have servants ' entrances these days ?
tr	NNS	His sunglasses were crooked and cracked .
tr	NNS	Once the project was underway , preparations began , and each of them did his part to put all of its various pieces into place .
tr	NNS	" Where do the passageways lead to ? "
tr	NNS	But our experiences have not been so different .
tr	NNS	" The only life signs we see are the Jaegers and the Arash soldiers . "
tr	NNS	" Broncos fans are loyal .
tr	NN	The psychiatrist spoke : " Relax .
tr	NN	Why didn 't the landlord take possession and sell my stuff for back rent ? "
tr	NN	No bullet pierced through me , no shot was fired and this man was laughing like he was on drugs .
tr	NN	This vacation seems to only get better and better and we 've hardly arrived aboard ship , Mother . "
tr	NNS	Things I want to know , even if it 's going to rip me open .
tr	NN	The thrust of the attack seemed to be centered on the main house and the prison .
tr	NN	His briefcase seemed too old to exist .
tr	NN	There was only one explanation .
tr	NN	The squirrel held its ground , yelling defiantly in both directions .
tr	NN	Her inability to make wise decisions kept Cheyenne playing the heavy .
tr	NN	This booth was empty and we sat in it .
tr	NN	All that mattered was that her baby was okay .
tr	NN	The white Mustang was parked out front , its engine purring , exhaust melting into the fog .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids fluttered closed and she let out a deep , contented sigh .
tr	NN	Now this Taylor fellow wanted to mess around in there and expected the engine to run better afterwards .
tr	NN	" Lie 's , it 's nothing but lies . "
tr	NNS	The servants had been laying the tables for lunch .
tr	NN	Both Cat and I had known he wasn 't right for months .
tr	NNS	The small supplies that they had brought with them from the farmhouse had lasted only a few days .
tr	NNS	" I have to admit , the contents of that sack have kept me wondering for over two days now .
tr	NN	The Persian carpet looked real .
tr	NNS	" Why can 't the grapes dream of canals on the hills of Amsterdam ? "
tr	NN	Lieutenant Jones was still there in the courtyard , surrounded by smoke , shouting orders as his men scurried about .
tr	NNS	Supposedly his two aunts were what they called eccentric . "
tr	NN	The sheriff met Ron outside the Long Shot Hotel and followed Ron inside .
tr	NN	A slur of voices drifted in and out .
tr	NN	My whole welfare rests on making you look like a genius . "
tr	NN	My secretary timidly opens the door , fear written across her face .
tr	NNS	As of this morning , there were three more deaths in the Guangdong province of China , and one in Zhejiang .
tr	NN	A blank canvas set on an easel swayed against its tethers , straining to hold ground against the mountain wind .
tr	NN	The reverend comes home from the church , sees the light on in the barn and walks down to see how the tractor 's coming along .
tr	NN	And hey , get your mind out of the gutter , I wasn 't taking off that many layers .
tr	NNS	Alexis could see Walter 's smile through his bearded face .
tr	NNS	Several servants rumbled a trolley along the corridor .
tr	NN	The release when it came was like a nuclear explosion in her body .
tr	NNS	In the darkened sitting room , while George and Kumiko slept upstairs , the tiles looked at one another across the bookshelves .
tr	NN	The prophecy claims we have to get there .
tr	NN	The log showed him signing in fourteen hours later .
tr	NN	The plant still had the rods and nuclear reactors from 1986 incident and we reinforced them to comply with 2004 safety standards .
tr	NN	My body is accelerating , my flight pattern is getting faster .
tr	NNS	Other ideas popped into her mind and she scribbled them down as fast as she could .
tr	NN	" You ' l learn whispering doesn 't help . "
tr	NN	A twig snapped off to his right , and his whole body surged with energy as he whipped around .
tr	NNS	Kris dropped her mouth open .
tr	NN	Before I could ask what he meant , a chorus of howls split the night .
tr	NNS	Thomas Gratton doesn 't answer right away , just continues gazing at the evening sun lighting the roof tiles to brilliant orange-red .
tr	NN	The elder explained who the two hunters were and retold the events of the previous night and what they had found buried in the woods .
tr	NNS	Hippie freaks could ruin the place .
tr	NN	The leader glared briefly at her to signal she heard and disapproved .
tr	NN	More honesty , even though keeping that last sentence to himself might have helped his cause with her .
tr	NN	The momentum pitched her off balance .
tr	NN	Needless to say , the government got intrigued and finally sued them . "
tr	NNS	Families and tourists made their way past the doors of the station .
tr	NN	" Where 's your proof ? "
tr	NNS	Her face relaxes and her hands fall to her side .
tr	NN	In front of him , an older gentleman frowned and impatiently tapped his toe .
tr	NN	Storm 's making veal parmesan and I 'm modeling my new outfits .
tr	NN	The stunning Carrara marble rose from the floor in roughly hewn jagged cuts .
tr	NN	And if there was any justice in this world , the recording angel ought to have written this monumental effort down to Steve 's credit .
tr	NN	But who was Michael 's tennis partner and who were the members of the football team that Ben played with ?
tr	NNS	Others were unrolling the hose to aim through the door Toby had just exited .
tr	NNS	Rough calluses grated against her delicate pale skin .
tr	NNS	Flower petals lined the aisle , courtesy of a handsome flower boy named Evan .
tr	NN	The roar filled her being again and her birthmark came back to life .
tr	NN	" Aly will always be enough , " shot from my mouth as my only defense .
tr	NNS	Lots of supers have them .
tr	NNS	And those clients made up the bulk of Lexi 's income .
tr	NNS	The sun dips lower in the sky ahead of them , and their shadows are the only things that follow them , stretching long and distorted behind .
tr	NNS	She opened her mouth to speak again and he swooped on it , his own passions aroused by her refusal to acknowledge the powerful chemistry between them .
tr	NN	" The kidnapper claimed to have a high-power rifle trained on the duffel bag and threatened to shoot if the money was not transferred .
tr	NNS	There were no immediate signs of anything suspicious -- just an empty flat , that 's all .
tr	NN	There were a good fifty of them , perhaps more .
tr	NN	A subtly swirling vortex daring his eyes to move closer .
tr	NNS	Both races of elves enjoyed spiral staircases , however .
tr	NN	Your lack of experience may be ... a problem . "
tr	NNS	Yet the ephemeral attributes of time would not allow the opportunity to smell the roses .
tr	NN	The tiny backyard was full of adults and children who were all running to get the food inside .
tr	NNS	The chances of roulette had not adjusted themselves to her claims ; and a strange man had thrust himself between her and her intentions .
tr	NN	The roar of the passing traffic grew as she railed at him , her talent gathering the sound waves and stirring them like a tempest .
tr	NN	Then , the belle back steps from the beau , running out the lounge room into the hallway .
tr	NN	" That 's your grandfather 's territory , " Chance pointed out .
tr	NN	" Every strike felt as if you 'd snap , shatter , like porcelain .
tr	NN	A birthday gift . "
tr	NN	On top of one laid a laptop , a phone , pen , a notebook , and nothing else .
tr	NN	The snowy owl came drifting through the forest of dead trees .
tr	NN	The honor of the moment warmed through him , hardening his resolve , if not his bones .
tr	NNS	Their motives remain a mystery , but Link feels as though he cannot afford to wait and find out .
tr	NN	However , summer vacation beats out its sister vacations -- spring and winter break .
tr	NN	There was a readiness in them ... Trying for subtlety , I glanced at my watch while scoping out their bodies .
tr	NN	Her shoulders caved downward , her spine rounded .
tr	NNS	Others believed it was a manipulation of Jesus by Russo .
tr	NN	Of course there was no art .
tr	NN	My insecurity about my body and lack of self-worth , affected how I viewed what happened .
tr	NNS	Men 's minds are messy places and Noise is like the active , breathing face of that mess .
tr	NNS	Right on his cue two blasts of energy screamed past him to reach their mark .
tr	NNS	The fumes stung her nose and made her eyes water .
tr	NN	" A great chase , Angelina , " he teased .
tr	NN	In the opposite corner was a contraption that looked like an old-fashioned telescope .
tr	NN	The description wasn 't for a strawberry at all .
tr	NNS	His thumbs pecked out a message to the other agents .
tr	NNS	" Our birthdays are in the same week . "
tr	NN	Personally , my virginity never bothered me until I met you ... " She was in a panic .
tr	NN	" Aye , I 'll take that dagger , " the captain said as he stepped forward .
tr	NN	But they aren 't there , just that focused , intent look , a little grimmer now .
tr	NN	" So , not a big fan of vegetables .
tr	NN	Pure lust is rushing through my veins .
tr	NNS	A mattress creaked through his earpiece , spiking his pulse rate .
tr	NN	A panel slid sideways to reveal a dimly lit space beyond .
tr	NN	A creak and a groan , and the metal bar drew back .
tr	NN	The doctor-patient privilege survives death , including death by one 's own hand , which clearly is the case here . "
tr	NNS	Hands seized her as she entered .
tr	NNS	" Our wolves like each other . "
tr	NNS	The art galleries and antique shops that shut down in winter opened early as well .
tr	NN	The unicorn turned and trotted towards the castle .
tr	NN	A red Maserati convertible pulled out of traffic and drove down the Metrorail tracks toward the hospital .
tr	NN	A tall blonde pushed through the crowd , knocking kids out of the way .
tr	NN	The solar cell efficiency for today was 92.5 % .
tr	NNS	Up near the dark wooden headboard , there were pillows lining the mattress , making the top of the blankets look lumpy .
tr	NN	One little jar isn 't going to keep a hungry bear occupied for long . "
tr	NNS	Questions , emotions , fears and hopes filled my head , but all I could do was stare at it .
tr	NN	This theory also offered an alternative explanation as to why he 'd been so " kind " about keeping what Leanne had done to himself .
tr	NN	Second , your innocence seems to be almost intact .
tr	NN	A television show he watched a couple of years ago said that any fall above thirty feet was probably not survivable .
tr	NN	A soft whistle from behind redirected her attention .
tr	NNS	" Realistically , the leaks are of little consequence to either of us .
tr	NN	But , the demand for energy is enormous , especially in this country .
tr	NN	The once sweet fragrance of the candle evaporated .
tr	NNS	Our tongues tangled as my thumbs skimmed lower .
tr	NN	The unknown werewolf was noticeably absent this time .
tr	NN	" Just fucking drive ! "
tr	NN	Only the crucifix was much larger than any ring of keys .
tr	NNS	My hallucinations , however , are all quite mad .
tr	NNS	Their suits defeated the night 's bitter chill .
tr	NN	His fluorescent white fur seemed to brighten up everything around him giving the animal an angelic appearance .
tr	NN	Ridley 's proof that becoming a vampire does not make you a monster . "
tr	NN	" Their most obvious function is this conversation .
tr	NN	But the stench seemed to be closing in all around me .
tr	NNS	The bystanders in the lobby , stunned for a breath , emptied in all directions with screams and shouts .
tr	NN	All that glamour , all that fear and suspicion , is what keeps the trod alive .
tr	NNS	Now that you 're here , only the serious cases will have to go to Regiment . "
tr	NN	Accident compensation will only partially finance it . "
tr	NN	That determination was driving her past her limit .
tr	NNS	As soon as he was gone the wolves pounced and I cried out .
tr	NN	The captain will save his ship only if he can finish their rhymes and solve their riddles .
tr	NN	Do whatever you have to , " my mommy begged with tears streaming down her face .
tr	NN	The concept was overwhelming .
tr	NNS	Quickly , the ladies repacked the boxes and bundled her out of the room .
tr	NN	And now the death toll has increased by two . "
tr	NNS	Marius shook his head .
tr	NNS	In that moment his instincts failed him , that spilt second of distraction cost him dearly .
tr	NNS	There really were no other good candidates , so the next day they hunted around the climbing areas where they had caught him every time so far .
tr	NN	The day Zach deemed me as cured was the day I proposed .
tr	NN	Dangerous intent displayed on her face .
tr	NNS	Hands scratched at Rhyme 's shirt and pulled at his hair as he swung his weapon madly .
tr	NN	Love and freedom were luxuries that Ava hadn 't experienced in a long time .
tr	NN	There was a murmuring from the Nephilim behind him , but Jace couldn 't listen .
tr	NN	The cart began to slow as it climbed the steep lane towards the church and the two dozen or so mourners walking behind adjusted their pace accordingly .
tr	NNS	The ambulance attendants came rushing up the stairs like they were going to a fire .
tr	NN	There was a little lever on the side of the handle .
tr	NN	A single pendant hung from the slender chain .
tr	NN	There was more applause , and a woman seated across the room gathered her things and stood .
tr	NNS	" My servants managed to clear up that earlier problem we discussed .
tr	NN	The gown was a full skirt starting at her h * ps and the bodice tight against her tiny frame .
tr	NN	The headquarters was on a street corner .
tr	NN	The excited leap of her pulse sent a warning .
tr	NN	The castle is in turmoil . "
tr	NN	" Well , at least now there 's proof I have one . "
tr	NN	The teacher seemed friendly and she welcomed him to the class .
tr	NN	Meredith 's theory is still true .
tr	NN	The only difficulty reported by the drug company was a slight increase in blood pressure during the first few weeks of drug termination .
tr	NN	Her coin would grow warm , and although she could resist it at first , she knew she wouldn 't be able to resist it for long .
tr	NNS	Upstairs , Julie closed the door to the master bedroom , stepped over to the wide window that overlooked the acres of neatly tended grape vines .
tr	NNS	The other Jets remained as immobile as wax figures .
tr	NNS	Long reeds of red hair flew above the spray , scarlet skirts ballooning .
tr	NNS	Thoughts spin in my brain , burrowing into murkiness faster than a grub burrowing into soil .
tr	NN	" How are your pilot and co-pilot on protection ? "
tr	NN	All fifty of them seemed to gasp at the same time .
tr	NN	" So , " the policeman said .
tr	NN	Love cannot exist without choice . "
tr	NNS	Images of Aster and Franny bombarded Jason : recent memories , fresh and vivid .
tr	NNS	All the spy gadgets and granola bars in my backpack wouldn 't help me in what were probably the catacombs under Paris .
tr	NN	' There was a fellow from plant in here earlier , on a half-day .
tr	NN	In Fairfax , the operator at the NRO 's central switchboard was getting impatient .
tr	NN	Besides the plaster , all manner of trash littered the hallway .
tr	NNS	Hand movements spread the molecules in the first place .
tr	NNS	Sean presses his lips gently to mine and a surge of guilt nearly strangles me .
tr	NN	Torn orange safety tape hung from the gym 's double doors , hanging against the dull gray metal .
tr	NNS	" Oh , his English skills are fine .
tr	NNS	The ogres have a matriarchal society .
tr	NN	Inside the silo , all that mattered was continuity because continuity meant survival .
tr	NN	What if her grandma tells her parents , and they tell someone else ?
tr	NNS	About two inches of snow covered the ground , but it was the light , fluffy stuff that didn 't stick to your shoes .
tr	NN	" The Dream mentioned a ' plague that was not a plague , ' and that has me a bit confused . "
tr	NN	Part of me doesn 't care about what 's smart or what makes sense .
tr	NNS	" Things were already so weird that this seems like just more of the same . "
tr	NNS	The captains had not broadcast the details , but even the lowliest cadet or crewman could tell that a shadow lay upon them .
tr	NNS	Things we don 't know about , ' he whispered .
tr	NN	A mortal would have been struggling under the weight of one , but Bricker lifted out the pair as if they were feather-light .
tr	NN	" If you need to check the actual components , there 's an easy reference . "
tr	NNS	Things are fine there .
tr	NNS	Looks like the bottom of a pair of skates . "
tr	NNS	The roads were empty , there were no lights emanating from the houses , all decent citizens were at sleep .
tr	NNS	Only half the Gray strands broke immediately .
tr	NNS	Most captains have transported slaves at one time or another . "
tr	NNS	His lands closer , but still hits nothing but water .
tr	NNS	Huge , gaunt wolves there were .
tr	NNS	These symptoms can create a chaotic existence , and DID sufferers tend to self-medicate . "
tr	NNS	Quiet sobs filled the air , along with whispered fears and recriminations .
tr	NN	Right , there were Undead .
tr	NNS	Heavy footsteps sounded , and a few seconds later , two giants stepped out onto the balcony .
tr	NNS	And Dangerous Beans hadn 't even realized he 'd made the challenge .
tr	NNS	Panic riddles though my body .
tr	NNS	There are also family members with significant allowances .
tr	NNS	A few flakes of snow had convinced most of the regulars that going home sober might be a very good idea .
tr	NN	And the juicy steak I brought will keep that boy busy . "
tr	NN	The priest turned and offered her help , gloved palm upturned in an old-fashioned , almost courtly gesture .
tr	NNS	" Where are the cats ? "
tr	NNS	A wickedness , thick as smoke , covers Paragon .
tr	NNS	Things are coming to a head all around the place .
tr	NN	Of course , her uncle was pulling the protective role , but it made her uncomfortable to be questioned about Dawson .
tr	NNS	As she stirred beside him , strands of her thoughts became clear to him .
tr	NN	" A thief could have plucked it out .
tr	NN	His uncle rose and paced the small area behind his desk .
tr	NNS	Looks like this dog just might have its day . "
tr	NN	" Part of my assignment is to go with you everywhere and find out what your job is really like .
tr	NNS	" What are these mysteries it talks about ? "
tr	NN	The doll was more important now than ever .
tr	NN	His snake crawled right into bed with me to warm up before he slithered back to his own cubicle to sleep later .
tr	NNS	" Can movies do that ? "
tr	NNS	The elves were the first to charge .
tr	NNS	Two funerals in three months , in the same family , were rare .
tr	NNS	There was something greenish about it , and it seemed to pulse .
tr	NNS	His trousers brushed her skirt .
tr	NNS	Chills shot straight to my core when I heard the bed groan under his weight .
tr	NNS	When those men arrived at the hospital , the media were going to know about it .
tr	NN	" You have quite a family , " the receptionist said , unaware of the hostile glare Nina shot at Gretchen .
tr	NN	The panel to the right of the door was a flat square of glowing blue glass .
tr	NN	His reward had been betrayal .
tr	NN	Part of her tried to stop her fall ; part of her watched the events unfold with crystal clarity .
tr	NNS	The crime scene technicians had taken fingerprints from every surface Mark , or whoever the kidnapper was , might have touched .
tr	NNS	The duchess was now standing between the two of them .
tr	NN	The future mayor of Last Chance gave him a big American smile filled with very white teeth .
tr	NN	The widow came to the boy 's defense .
tr	NN	If the chill didn 't kill them , the lack of water would .
tr	NNS	Gramps practically shouted before wrapping his burly arms around me , the smell of tobacco lingering on his clothes .
tr	NN	A bullet ricocheted into the room and Ares pressed against the wall .
tr	NNS	" Families , clans , houses , whatever .
tr	NN	Hanna 's first instinct was to crouch behind a pole .
tr	NN	His career has been his life companion .
tr	NN	Instead of pain , a cascade of pure sensation flowed over her .
tr	NN	Then the inspector ran .
tr	NN	Is there a faster route ?
tr	NNS	As if in answer to his prediction , a few drops hit me , pattering on the suede leather of the jacket .
tr	NNS	stated Candice before Simon could open his mouth .
tr	NNS	There were wall cabinets she opened to find strange utensils , pots , pans , dishes , cups .
tr	NNS	The seats appeared to have been shaped out of the same rock that prevailed throughout the island .
tr	NN	Of course , the concept of rehab didn 't exist that many centuries ago .
tr	NN	The ritual has been going on for centuries .
tr	NN	A proper commander is always calm , approachable , and authoritative .
tr	NNS	Hot currents sizzled down to settle between her thighs .
tr	NNS	Reyes stalked toward the open door .
tr	NNS	Flames appear behind him .
tr	NN	" Well , the government is effectively bankrupt , as we all know .
tr	NN	" What is this mortal doing here ?
tr	NNS	The drugs would burn through his brain , leaving him a hollowed husk .
tr	NN	The map looked like it was very old and old it was .
tr	NNS	And chances like this don 't come around very often .
tr	NN	The hub has eight seats and two corridors heading off in opposite directions .
tr	NNS	The hallways consisted of crown molding , antique fixtures , and vibrant colors .
tr	NN	His grandmother grew up poor in rural Arkansas during the Great Depression , working hard in the rice fields to feed her family .
tr	NNS	Dragons were awesome beings , so humans should quake in fear .
tr	NNS	Things are floating everywhere .
tr	NN	Anyway the poor unfortunate can either go out and marry the first man that will have her , or shun social functions altogether , out of pride .
tr	NNS	Reyes , what you 're doing feels so good .
tr	NNS	The increases in invitations are coming from mothers of unmarried girls .
tr	NNS	Looks like they never found that poor man . "
tr	NN	The senator whitened , Silver 's face went cold , and Jeremy 's fists clenched , the air in the room suddenly alive with tension .
tr	NNS	Others couldn 't care less . "
tr	NN	the secretary asked , looking down at her papers .
tr	NNS	His cleverness caused me to laugh and I gained a greater appreciation for his sense of humor .
tr	NNS	And of course , nearly hidden among the trees and bushes , black-clad guardians paced and kept watch on everything .
tr	NN	Maybe a therapist , but it never stopped the new boys from pushing around the smallest kid . "
tr	NNS	And media around the globe covered the standoff with banner headlines .
tr	NNS	" My previous employers had no complaints . "
tr	NNS	But there were still the whispers of doubt that scratched beneath the surface .
tr	NNS	And then there were the sunglasses .
tr	NNS	All indications are that she never did return to the motel where she was staying . "
tr	NN	The arrangement works for both of us .
tr	NNS	The war drums began to beat loudly , the tribe 's warriors cried out and beat their axes on the ground .
tr	NNS	Several paintings of obscure places hung on a beam .
tr	NN	" Ok , then I must go .
tr	NN	Part of him wanted to collapse and quail .
tr	NN	The heroine of a very great tragedy , very nobly played by an actress who was a good woman in real life .
tr	NN	" An engagement 's not real unless there 's a ring on your finger . "
tr	NNS	" The defenses I put up have two sides and they don 't have an off switch .
tr	NN	" How 's the dictionary coming ? "
tr	NN	" The Reluctant Vampire , fol owed by death and yet refusing to succumb .
tr	NNS	The locations of the targets were approximate ; Florida , and Kentucky .
tr	NN	The Program took them into custody to squash any rebellion .
tr	NN	His chuckle turned into a full blown laugh .
tr	NNS	The aliens unleashed a " pain " weapon that caused any that were struck with excruciating , agonizing pain that lasted for months .
tr	NNS	Did his servants also know that she had refused his offer ?
tr	NNS	Parts that couldn 't hurt .
tr	NN	His lapse of memory is quite natural , she says , since his mind was sleeping while the alien entity ruled his body .
tr	NNS	But more and more warriors came running from the camp .
tr	NNS	His vampire instincts rushed to the fore .
tr	NNS	The wolves who 'd been foolish enough to try and hurt Holly were dead on the ground .
tr	NNS	Mages are just a superstitious lot . )
tr	NN	The policeman was standing very close , invading Murphy 's personal space , an act that infuriated Murphy .
tr	NNS	Things started getting rockier after he went to law school .
tr	NN	" That would be a mixed blessing , " the colonel murmured .
tr	NN	A scrabbling scratching sound , like someone impatiently tapping on a hard surface and then she realised what it was .
tr	NN	Link had a thick chain coiled around one fist .
tr	NN	A stack of photographs fell out .
tr	NN	The breaking dawn piercing the graying the sky peaks through the drawn shades alerting us to the morning 's arrival .
tr	NNS	Bottles shattered against the wall as they made their way around the outer edges of the fighting .
tr	NN	The twinkle in his eyes was irresistible .
tr	NN	" No kidding , " Ryder groaned .
tr	NN	Rush 's jaw clamped shut , and Lindy saw the muscles in his lean cheek jerk as a hodgepodge of doubts clouded his mind .
tr	NN	This particular email from Jon was in response to my suggestion that we change a lunch to a dinner .
tr	NN	The tapestry was swinging slightly from our movements , but otherwise there was nothing there .
tr	NNS	His servants acted hastily , and not from his orders , and he begs your forgiveness . "
tr	NNS	My sources tell me it 's with some of those church folk .
tr	NN	Suddenly , a rolled parchment fell from the top shelf and landed at my feet .
tr	NN	" Now that you mention it , sailing again is a good idea .
tr	NNS	Our kisses became more aggressive with every one of my strokes .
tr	NNS	The detectives tapped on the apartment door and entered , closing it behind them .
tr	NN	The medic gestured out toward the mountains .
tr	NNS	" Those pilgrims were wealthy beyond measure , and we were putting our lives on the line for them !
tr	NNS	The green hues of the trees were black with the night and echoing hoots .
tr	NN	A loud growl fills the room .
tr	NN	The hawk cried out , but no one noticed .
tr	NNS	In fact , the two species had been at war with each other for thousands of years .
tr	NNS	Things had been so much simpler then .
tr	NN	Another actor and an assistant stopped as well and Thomas could see he was now alone .
tr	NNS	The dwarves gave them a bewildered expression .
tr	NN	His strong sexuality was reaching her in waves , determined on drawing her to him .
tr	NN	Within the dark wood , porcelain glistened like an open oyster shell , clean and smooth and inviting .
tr	NNS	Our ancestors were constantly at battle to protect it from the humans .
tr	NN	There was a padding of feet and two solemn faces appeared round the door .
tr	NN	A cute little squirrel hopped hesitantly from under the branches .
tr	NN	The priest and Mary Ann had both been heading in that direction .
tr	NN	Then the same design goes down his other arm but with a gun and a military type hat .
tr	NN	An invisible foe continued to harm his men .
tr	NNS	The digits in the corner of the television screen showed five .
tr	NNS	Chills ran down my spine .
tr	NN	I must tell you , the courtroom was stunned .
tr	NN	My favorite policeman had prepped me for my interview .
tr	NNS	At the same time six werewolves and five vampires jumped out from behind boxes and dropped down from the ledge above us .
tr	NNS	" This species would have collapsed under its own weight if it walked around on earth . "
tr	NNS	" Son , his nurses betrayed her .
tr	NNS	" Those idiots left a pile of nails and screws in the corner , when they nailed shut the window and installed those bars .
tr	NNS	Two concert tickets and backstage passes to a group called G5 lay in the envelope .
tr	NN	Not only that , the caller hadn 't given her his name .
tr	NN	A scowl creased his forehead .
tr	NN	The knight dropped his sword , trying to shield himself from the blows and return a few of his own .
tr	NN	The first and will be the last girlfriend I will ever have , " The audience went crazy over that like teenagers over Daniel Padilla .
tr	NN	His mistress had warned him about the scientist .
tr	NN	Your grandma wanted you to have it , so I think it 's appropriate for you to be the one to keep it . "
tr	NN	No doubt , dwelling on it would send me into a tailspin , a nosedive that there 'd be no recovering from .
tr	NN	The pilot explained this was suspended matter in the water .
tr	NNS	" But this is where the fountains come in , all those fountains Salina had her giants steal from Cooper .
tr	NN	So the hunter had become the hunted .
tr	NN	" So we were supposed to go to Colony and it 's destroyed , " Ferry said .
tr	NNS	Seated on a bench along the edge of the porch , Kim nurses Adam while the fish fry .
tr	NNS	Pearl 's nostrils flared as the scent of freshly spilled blood wafted through the air .
tr	NNS	Her random offers of inclusion never ceased to perplex me .
tr	NNS	There were nurses everywhere out here , running from room to room .
tr	NN	" Your arrival is timely , to say the least .
tr	NN	The receptionist did not look amused .
tr	NNS	My oxygen levels must be dropping .
tr	NNS	Parting my lips , our tongues found one another , delicately caressing and massaging into the perfect kiss .
tr	NN	Her sister-in-law ran an after-school program for disadvantaged kids .
tr	NNS	There were four giant targets set up along one of the walls that ringed the training arena .
tr	NN	Now that cellar is out of reach of my conscious will .
tr	NNS	Slippery fluids trickled down her inner thighs and she swallowed hard as he stepped closer .
tr	NNS	And there were rows of suckers on the underside .
tr	NNS	There were quick footsteps , the kissing sound of the fridge opening and closing .
tr	NNS	Lots of money made people do bad things .
tr	NN	His red pendulum went dead .
tr	NNS	The fae 's smooth and graceful movements made it seem as if she floated rather than walked .
tr	NN	Part of her wanted to just hurt and destroy everything .
tr	NNS	Upstairs were more conventional shutters , again mainly closed against the cold of the late winter night .
tr	NN	The old duke had walked up and down these stairs , no doubt growling at his footmen and butler to jump to do whatever he commanded .
tr	NN	Its progression down through the boulder field had been slow and careful , stopping occasionally to sniff the remains of others like it .
tr	NN	Half her success was actually due to him .
tr	NNS	Alexis sat back in the chair and smiled .
tr	NN	My boot hit the first step when Lilly yelled out , " Sofie ! "
tr	NNS	" Little pigs , little pigs , let me come in . "
tr	NNS	" How are the city defenses coming ? "
tr	NN	But there wasn 't any termite mound on this side , no footholds , no way to climb it .
tr	NNS	Girls in sweats or last year 's uniforms were scrambling to obtain matching pairs from a frilly stack of pom-poms .
tr	NN	The admiral , who for a man of about sixty looked a good thirty years older , looked up as his younger employees walked into the room .
tr	NN	But all the concentration brought was a headache and a feeling of wanting to do something , something physical , to let off tension .
tr	NN	However this unit can still draw parallels between Galactic Hero Bob 's history and mannerisms and that of Joshua Cook . "
tr	NNS	Things being what they are .
tr	NN	Another bullet burned through the air .
tr	NNS	Whenever the phone rang , her hopes rose in the expectation of hearing Jeb 's voice .
tr	NNS	Now the eggs were cooking in the pan , and a pitcher of milk was cooling on the windowsill , thrown open to the cold morning breeze .
tr	NNS	Magic users filed in next .
tr	NNS	Looks like I wasn 't the one who drew the short straw after all .
tr	NNS	The documents were in the names of Lee Stevens , Rachel James and Sam Fortune , all with addresses in Murfreesboro , Tennessee .
tr	NN	Her belly grew larger and larger , and that seemed to embarrass her , for some reason .
tr	NNS	The whispers grow louder .
tr	NN	How 's your brother Tim doing ? "
tr	NNS	Many vamps aren 't much stronger than humans .
tr	NNS	The two pirates I chased down were close by -- the unconscious being dragged by the conscious .
tr	NN	Your genius proves glorious ! "
tr	NN	The icon for the core temperature flashed in his face .
tr	NN	Thinking of how her sneaking behind my back made her the ultimate snake .
tr	NN	' Where are your paint brushes ? '
tr	NNS	The tests are over . "
tr	NNS	Alexis walked over to the desk clerk .
tr	NN	In military terms the artifact was a force multiplier .
tr	NNS	There were grand pillows on the couches with golden embellishments on them .
tr	NN	A click and a squeal as something opened .
tr	NN	Still , a scared bully could become dangerous if he needed to convince himself that he was strong .
tr	NN	And then the first helper stepped up , raised the vertical pole above her foot and then bore down .
tr	NNS	Classes were just getting out for the day .
tr	NNS	And her movements had been calm enough , calculated , and might have worked on someone with less training .
tr	NN	Chance flipped it open , looking dubious .
tr	NNS	" Ladies and gentlemen , the president of the United States , " a voice announced .
tr	NN	There was no conflict of that sort evident in the vampire he just killed .
tr	NNS	" Things are slow from our side of things .
tr	NNS	His chances of conquering this world had just increased ten-fold .
tr	NNS	Where were the drugs ?
tr	NNS	The companions we meet !
tr	NN	At home , ' dating ' was something that was defined by both parties .
tr	NNS	Lighting styles and objects of unusual design set to display their intriguing character .
tr	NNS	The cushions were big enough to comfortably seat two athletes or let one curl up and nap .
tr	NN	The adoring audience fell silent .
tr	NNS	One large hand presses into my stomach , pushing me back against the outer glass door .
tr	NNS	Lucy 's wipers can barely keep up .
tr	NNS	Your tests showed that they were both pregnant .
tr	NN	The mumbling in the room increased again .
tr	NN	Between the couple and Albert , an older gentleman was napping with his head against the window .
tr	NN	The house 's one TV was in the basement , and the secondhand smoke coming out of there was strong enough to keep us away .
tr	NN	The operator picked up .
tr	NNS	With a reputation for multiple kills the rumours would spread , and no one would dare touch him .
tr	NN	However , I couldn 't keep up with him , my stamina was dwindling the longer the guns stayed in my hands .
tr	NN	The intruder was either in the hallway bathroom or in my old room .
tr	NN	Then the spider sucks that liquid out of the victim . '
tr	NN	Renewed electricity would help kidney dialysis patients , but lack of sterile needles would subject them to infections .
tr	NNS	The black stockings and the velvet ribbon .
tr	NN	The Resistance had plenty of sidearms , all of which were a lot more up-to-date .
tr	NNS	" Several myths on me have circulated over the years but few have heard of the prophecy .
tr	NNS	To their way of thinking , each species should stick to their own kind .
tr	NNS	The dark areas were already getting lighter in shade .
tr	NNS	Sirens blared in the distance , as they would for hours to come .
tr	NN	The way Abigail would cry for Sundown .
tr	NN	Sitting on top of Momma 's spell books and journals full of notes , was one small bundle wrapped in stained silk .
tr	NN	A sick fan of Michael 's . "
tr	NN	" How is the assistance to the population going on ? "
tr	NNS	More footsteps sounded nearby as the other men joined the first .
tr	NN	The command blasted through her brain and out into the air even as she shot several short streams .
tr	NNS	" Our visitors will be pleased . "
tr	NNS	Timber frames propped up sections of the walls .
tr	NNS	Lights flickered back on in the courtyard .
tr	NNS	These other nations covet these things and often wage war in order to take it for their own .
tr	NN	A sliver of caramel skin on her stomach shows when she lifts her arms .
tr	NNS	Were previous generations necessarily wiser than our own ?
tr	NNS	Fantastic creatures guarded each corner of the roof -- a dragon , a sea serpent and a merman blowing into a golden shell .
tr	NNS	Comfortable padded seats sat along the curved walls of the worm .
tr	NNS	Both wolves leapt as Sonia moved , faster than any human he 'd seen , within a blink of an eye she was between them .
tr	NNS	The warriors recognized him at once , though , for they had flown with Taha Aki 's spirit .
tr	NN	The dragon sighs and then smiles at Lisa .
tr	NNS	With his upper arm casually pressed to the wall stood Kaspar , his forearms folded across his chest , covering the unbuttoned part of his shirt .
tr	NN	The small chip rose a bit , then started to disintegrate itself in small particles .
tr	NN	The reporter 's glowing praise of Yolanda 's brownies had brought over several curious people .
tr	NNS	Questions assailed him from all sides .
tr	NN	Suddenly , the snake let him go .
tr	NN	My twenty-second birthday was the next week and we had been seeing each other for almost six years .
tr	NNS	The older members hugged one another and laughed with joy .
tr	NN	The doorknob started turning , and I rushed to intercept her .
tr	NN	" There is no debt between us , and if you bring up the matter one more time I may do something rash .
tr	NNS	Three thousand cases times the minimum of ten thousand dollars comes to thirty million , right ? "
tr	NN	There were no hesitation in him .
tr	NN	The bundle might 've hit lucky , while he might not .
tr	NNS	Screams and curses tore through the night air .
tr	NNS	* * * The snow leopard choked on the black smoke , paws scrabbling at the hole in the fuselage to find air , any air .
tr	NNS	Unless repulsive goblins routinely infiltrated the public school system .
tr	NN	" The coroner , " Frio replied .
tr	NN	The same sob rose up inside of her .
tr	NN	The mile race finished .
tr	NNS	Brian 's texts are : Does Bates know ?
tr	NNS	Others voiced their opinions , but none had a true solution to their problem .
tr	NNS	The shifters moved out behind him , followed by the Vampires and the two men .
tr	NN	The NASA administrator was silent , his expression grave .
tr	NN	The author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction , which have been used without permission .
tr	NNS	In Billy 's mind their fears were unfounded .
tr	NN	The blood hunger wasn 't his only problem .
tr	NN	" Yeah , there 's a studio off South Street .
tr	NN	JJ told me that Sam stays over at her house al the time .
tr	NNS	His shyness was sweet .
tr	NN	The old mortal questions .
tr	NN	Then the trio walked in the building , entered the elevator , and headed up to the seventh floor .
tr	NNS	Enough hits from the same IP probably triggered an alert .
tr	NN	Worse still , his laptop wasn 't on the desk .
tr	NNS	Myles walked over to the sliding glass door and found droplets of blood even there .
tr	NN	Commented on the angle of the knife , the ineffectual method of stabbing that left the victim bleeding for hours before the release of death .
tr	NNS	Rawlings , drunk sod that he was , hadn 't been able to shed any light on the situation either .
tr	NN	" No , " said the policeman .
tr	NN	Even through the blast of dirty snow , a waterfall of dark red was clearly visible .
tr	NN	The growling subsided and I glanced around the room .
tr	NN	On the dark green bedsheets of the bed was a briefcase , half open .
tr	NN	" The U.S. government will not bail out Lehman Brothers today .
tr	NN	The white scar across his cheek puckered with his slow , burning smile .
tr	NN	In his pocket , the photograph felt as if it were on fire .
tr	NN	Maybe the radiation drained him of more than cancer .
tr	NN	My pulse was racing .
tr	NN	The receptionist folded her arms and shook her head defiantly .
tr	NN	" But , bronze and copper , " Vin said .
tr	NNS	Your conclusions are logical and , I wager , quite accurate .
tr	NN	Meredith 's heart actual y seemed ready to fly out of her chest .
tr	NN	The slight tremble in his fingers helped settle her own nerves .
tr	NN	His approval of her arrogance was evident in his straining arousal .
tr	NN	Almost every inch of his skin touched almost every inch of mine .
tr	NN	Like all the office doors in this wing , there was a keypad and fingerprint scanner .
tr	NNS	Maddox 's nostrils flared .
tr	NN	" Just getting some local reaction to what 's going on around here ; any good hunter does his recon before he walks into a situation .
tr	NNS	Others use hand units to take samples .
tr	NNS	" There 's always airplanes and holidays .
tr	NNS	Looks like our Gera doesn 't need much , just to breathe in some poisoned air and by the next morning he has no brains left ! "
tr	NNS	Other female wolves could hurt other females while males could hurt other males .
tr	NN	The villain stood and smiled , " very well then , what do you say ?
tr	NN	Is there any gas left in the cylinder ?
tr	NNS	The passengers were getting off of the cars .
tr	NNS	The bars of the cage , had bent just enough in the crash landing that they could squeeze between them .
tr	NN	A momentary thrill sped through him only to be doused by reality .
tr	NN	Lust made me do stupid things .
tr	NN	But the bookcase was wonderfully stuffed with Sally 's favorite Organized Crime books , and the smell coming from the kitchen was delicious .
tr	NNS	" There are creatures who do that , yes , but I don 't believe it was one of those .
tr	NN	" Nausea , here I come . "
tr	NN	The stairwell , presumably , would go all the way down to the basement .
tr	NN	There is no honor in assassination . "
tr	NN	" Part of a mechanical clock , together with the astronomical quadrant you see below , and a procession of the Magi . "
tr	NN	Offering a single nod in response the leader turned slowly from the window , offering Pierce with the first view of his assailant .
tr	NN	This method gives you greater reach and you have more strength behind the point .
tr	NN	The tie was darker than the suit , but not by much .
tr	NNS	Things were good and Jo was content .
tr	NNS	The recruits were silent .
tr	NNS	My wrists took the impact .
tr	NN	The golden dragon was special .
tr	NN	His weakness was grappling .
tr	NNS	His actions haunted him , consumed him with guilt .
tr	NN	" There 's a reasonable explanation for it . "
tr	NNS	Those creatures had me hauled out into full sunlight when he showed up with Marco and Cori .
tr	NN	Just the reflection of light off it could cause blindness .
tr	NN	A plume of sapphire blue spread out from under her finger , expanding in concentric rings as it moved across the necklace .
tr	NN	So to me , the trident means vengeance .
tr	NN	Then all their cloaked running across the country would be for nothing .
tr	NNS	Others knelt and thrust spears down at us .
tr	NN	Knox 's h * ps jerk forward , wanting , needing more .
tr	NN	My landlord strode through the door .
tr	NNS	Beneath them , the two oceans crashed and fought , one light aquamarine , the other royal blue .
tr	NN	The strange and unusual vixen makes one final attempt to defeat him as she leaps over Uriel ´ s body .
tr	NNS	Others who might be similarly affected were those who were weaned too young , or those who died without baptism .
tr	NN	A tremor catapulted down her spine .
tr	NNS	My instincts proved accurate .
tr	NNS	Yes , the servants and livestock were grand news , but more important to her was the fact that Balan was home .
tr	NNS	Things of that nature developed in their own time , and in their own way if they were meant to be .
tr	NN	The boom that followed left no doubt that something terrible was happening .
tr	NNS	Tall streetlights whizzed past them , illuminating , then drowning in shadows .
tr	NN	" Ah , my good fellow , glad I was able to reach you . "
tr	NN	On the opposite side of the road was a glass-walled factory that had been left empty then reused as office space .
tr	NNS	The raindrops were bigger now , droplets of glittering water that ran along her skin and sizzled on the heat of her body .
tr	NN	" Ben , " Brooke calmly admonished .
tr	NN	A fast roar , a spin of smoke , a dance of sparks .
tr	NNS	Rufus raised one eyebrow .
tr	NN	The smells coming from the patio were making Darcy 's mouth water .
tr	NNS	There were spots of my education that had been neglected , and that whole scenario was one of them .
tr	NNS	All six cylinders are tall enough to be used as sleeping units and or corridors , or useful for other needs like storage .
tr	NN	" Stand firm ... " the young commander repeated .
tr	NN	' No , thanks , ' Love said , and smiled .
tr	NNS	Cars had passed during the fight .
tr	NN	The headmaster will never know what hit him .
tr	NNS	The immortals , having never faced the possibility of their own demise , set out to destroy the blade and its creator .
tr	NNS	The four rods lined up with the four holes of the pedestal perfectly .
tr	NN	A trickle of despair dented his heart .
tr	NNS	The goblins fled at the sight of them , but were unable to escape .
tr	NNS	" My apologies , your majesty , everyone .
tr	NNS	" CDs are on the shelf . "
tr	NNS	The emptiness of my life swallowed me like a black hole in my chest , always needing more , more , and more .
tr	NNS	The screens are already up on the table , showing the regular Capitol feed .
tr	NNS	Their wills seem to be subsumed , at least in part , by Sebastian 's .
tr	NNS	Only two wolves eventually came to help , along with Daryl , Weldon 's son .
tr	NN	His office had been contacted regarding a campaign finance issue , something Bryce would know more about than anyone else , including himself .
tr	NN	Every assault on my memory yielded less and less information .
tr	NN	The administrator came up to me so I couldn 't even follow him without involving suspicion . "
tr	NNS	But limits on what one should do to and for others should always , always be in sight . "
tr	NN	Trisha Montgomery 's description was right .
tr	NN	The convention is over and I 'm flying back home tomorrow . "
tr	NN	" Your Marine Corps career is over .
tr	NN	There was a Grand Canyon gap between the letter and Durrant 's editing notes and articles .
tr	NN	Her Grandma shook her head .
tr	NN	The surgeon said , " I don 't believe I understood you correctly , sir .
tr	NN	" Cool van " I say , getting changed .
tr	NNS	Shouts and applause interrupted him again .
tr	NNS	Barnabas walked over to the broken family with a smile of satisfaction and said , " He wagered the two of you , of course .
tr	NN	The windows shatter with a deafening boom and the wind screams in my ears .
tr	NNS	The twins sprang away from Misty and high-fived each other .
tr	NN	" She 's right , " Chance said softly .
tr	NN	How much is your ranch worth ?
tr	NNS	Others wandered with every intention of heading to one of the local bars to continue what they 'd started here .
tr	NNS	Werewolves will take care of their own .
tr	NN	There was a separate , smaller bundle in with them .
tr	NNS	Even goblins tormented her about her age and her status .
tr	NN	However , its range of attack is limited , since all legs are rooted to the ground .
tr	NN	There 's no pretending Echo is free now .
tr	NNS	Things had changed since their daughter was born , Simon 's previously fierce desire for her body seemingly diminishing .
tr	NNS	What 's downstairs that has them looking so pleased with themselves ?
tr	NNS	My lies were even starting to get on my nerves .
tr	NNS	Diggs had gotten up .
tr	NN	It 's nothing fancy , just a white cotton sundress that is comfortable and soft .
tr	NN	A coin snapped against the wooden railing .
tr	NNS	No worries , she said with pure bravado .
tr	NNS	But also the dinosaurs and the other prehistoric things .
tr	NN	The gap closed to mere metres , and Yosef made his move .
tr	NNS	As they played in the water , five figures walked onto the beach .
tr	NN	Savannah 's daddy was little more than a rumor in our family .
tr	NN	That madness , Echo guessed , could give the man unnatural strength .
tr	NNS	Things are flying at me from all sides .
tr	NN	Another roar sounded , much closer and more intense .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of him , of our past and of our future , were what had helped me survive my present .
tr	NNS	Things were quiet inside the cabin , save for the hunter 's thudding footsteps which echoed off the walls .
tr	NNS	The chances of that happening were next to nil .
tr	NN	" What 's a garter ? "
tr	NN	An elf wearing a curious tartan hat now peeked into the carriage window .
tr	NN	His appetite didn 't seem quite normal , for some reason .
tr	NN	The chandelier lit the room in a soft , romantic , golden glow .
tr	NNS	My eyelids lifted and I met her gaze .
tr	NNS	If the muck didn 't take them , the alligators would .
tr	NNS	Our clients are our only assets , so we kill ourselves for them . "
tr	NN	The coast curved up ahead ... and now she was on a collision course with it .
tr	NNS	Roman 's reporter 's instincts kicked in .
tr	NN	Even the almighty does not seem to do it .
tr	NN	How 'd shopping go with Lexie ? "
tr	NNS	Images of the fight in the dean 's office flipped through my head like a twisted photo album .
tr	NNS	The runes started to glow , highlighting his handsome face , his raven hair , and sapphire eyes .
tr	NN	The race was on Thursday , two days ' time .
tr	NNS	Her nostrils began to flare out and her face turned a slightly brighter shade of red .
tr	NN	On cue , the miniature gargoyle waddled into the room , his wings twitching and tail as stiff as a board .
tr	NN	" That motto holds true only in public .
tr	NN	Maybe the compulsion overcame him . "
tr	NN	More luxury than we had in the condo . "
tr	NNS	Not that the puny actions had hurt .
tr	NN	My grandmother looked surprised , but she nodded .
tr	NN	The investigator leaned forward .
tr	NN	" A condom is better than nothing . "
tr	NN	The mayor has been quite frustrated by the lack of progress the police have made with regard to the thief I told you about .
tr	NN	The thud of a textbook closing came from Dean 's desk .
tr	NN	Even the small sliver of light was too much and he closed his eyes again .
tr	NNS	My ideas of a ball in past history were zero .
tr	NN	The iron bit he crushes between his teeth , controlling what he is controlled with ! "
tr	NNS	All four screens were misty and green , because it was dark outside and the thermal imaging had kicked in .
tr	NNS	" And what are the facts telling you ? "
tr	NNS	Mom 's symptoms appeared more pronounced to me after the nurse had pointed them out .
tr	NN	His traitorous Scooby snack throbbed , anyway .
tr	NN	No dew was there to be found !
tr	NNS	The cameras swept round and from their positions the girls saw the solitary black lady dancing and singing .
tr	NNS	On the bank were signs that a lone canoe had been beached .
tr	NN	The intruder is a woman .
tr	NN	" ' The Boy Who Moves Things With His Mind . '
tr	NNS	The sales were extremely good .
tr	NNS	Others are going to want keep it alive and study the bird and try to find out why it did what it did .
tr	NN	The American government had taken an immediate interest in the small amounts of raw material that could be synthesised into energy product of atomic proportions .
tr	NNS	All her sentences begin with exclamations : So !
tr	NN	The receptionist nodded sagely .
tr	NNS	the urgent whispers said .
tr	NN	Her specialty is astrophysics , but she spends most of her time in meetings keeping QT running smoothly .
tr	NN	Certainly , rivalry and the occasional thuggery took place .
tr	NN	Her mother-in-law , Mary Ellen Coulson , had decorated the mansion .
tr	NN	Where 's the notebook ? "
tr	NN	" What 's the second option ? "
tr	NN	The bullet paralyzed her as if she were still human .
tr	NN	The dwarf complied , and ran the footage in slow motion .
tr	NN	The dragon made another appearance , and this time I could feel the heat of the morphing fire .
tr	NNS	Without fresh plasma , the gears would crust over and eventually sizzle out .
tr	NN	Their endeavor built strength and stamina into the team forming a team able to win against anyone , " said the old priest .
tr	NN	The author has since completed a second book which he feels is better crafted then the first one .
tr	NN	The amused smirk he often wore around Mari lined his lips .
tr	NNS	The amused expressions that sprung up around the table said nobody really believed that .
tr	NN	My great grandmother pees in her bed , too . "
tr	NNS	And experiments with Hex , the University 's thinking engine , had found that , indeed , many things are not impossible until they have been tried .
tr	NN	The van slammed on the brakes , and the scent of burning rubber filled her nose .
tr	NN	A knight suddenly stepped up , getting between them , holding out his palm and stopping Elden from getting closer to Thor .
tr	NN	The roar of deceleration on gravel signaled Chris had found the requested turnout .
tr	NNS	Have the floors refinished .
tr	NN	Every pound of the hammer was like someone beating on her heart with their fists and every scoop of the shovel dug deep down into her gut .
tr	NNS	- And wich movies have you seen of me ?
tr	NN	" True ... " " And electromagnetic radiation decays according to the square of the radius , right ? "
tr	NNS	His actions indicated it was false for him as well .
tr	NN	As he finished speaking , a spotlight lit up the group .
tr	NNS	She had to keep telling herself the twins didn 't know any better .
tr	NN	A celebratory kiss on her temple when things went well .
tr	NNS	Their pursuers herded them eastward .
tr	NN	Heavy oak creaked the hinges as the secretary he shared with three other employees poked her head inside .
tr	NN	My reflection stared back at me , pale and unfamiliar .
tr	NN	In fact discipline , or the need for it , seemed to be missing .
tr	NN	Jazz wrote it down , clicked the on-off switch on the pen nervously , and then said , " How will I recognize you ? "
tr	NNS	The stiffness wore out of his body and he began to walk more rapidly .
tr	NNS	There were more shouts , and at least one prolonged argument , but it no longer sounded like a brawl .
tr	NNS	Cartoon cats are still a yes .
tr	NNS	Before the CDC had the NIL , there were nineteen deaths in the U.S. attributed to the avian flu .
tr	NN	A sob rose in his chest .
tr	NNS	" Things are going well , but it 's good to be back .
tr	NN	As expected , the intruder lunged forward for the kill , unprepared for Lucien to swiftly vault to one side and come at him from behind .
tr	NN	The hatch swung wide , and they both dove in , tackling the Ripper , who wouldn 't stop cursing .
tr	NNS	Samuels made no comment .
tr	NN	Pretty sure The Program isn 't handing them out like greeting cards . "
tr	NN	The captain of the guard ignored this and introduced himself .
tr	NNS	The flags waved ; the acknowledgment came .
tr	NNS	17 cards means over 21 degrees each .
tr	NN	But as always , the captain acted as if it were nothin ' unusual .
tr	NNS	" There 's thousands . "
tr	NNS	Blue prints soothed and quieted the President 's mind .
tr	NNS	" All the other pupils fled , like it was a fire drill , but I stayed , standing by the headmaster 's desk . "
tr	NN	The acting captain twisted again in her seat .
tr	NN	Anonymous That email had arrived a little under an hour ago .
tr	NNS	Apparently romances appealed to a wide range of people , from schoolgirls to prison inmates .
tr	NN	" The eighteen were all tax clients .
tr	NN	Every penny I made went into my microscopic college fund .
tr	NNS	Spanish moss hung from the trees , blocking what little moonlight might 've filtered through the branches , making it seem far later than it really was .
tr	NN	The trailer wasn 't completely full , and we never took it to the gin in the middle of the day .
tr	NNS	" What do the aliens look like ? "
tr	NNS	The catacombs are notorious for being wrongly marked .
tr	NNS	But the effects had been horrifying .
tr	NN	Each Undertow squad consisted of two four-man fire teams , each led by a Sergeant .
tr	NN	When they were almost done , a fork lift operator was unloading boxes .
tr	NNS	His thumbs teased the tips , sending bolts of need straight to her center .
tr	NNS	Others might have done this already .
tr	NNS	Hands now in front of her , she twisted , grabbed and folded the chair , and positioned the metal like a shield .
tr	NN	" My dear Abigail , I understand you are alone tonight ?
tr	NNS	Two displaced sofa cushions lay on the floor .
tr	NNS	Josh braced in the open door of the Army 's Blackhawk helicopter , bitter winds howling .
tr	NNS	Lights burned on the fifth floor .
tr	NN	The madness ebbed as time seemed to slow .
tr	NNS	His male cousins had all been older when they 'd finally found theirs .
tr	NN	' Drunken little weasel ' was probably the kindest thing I heard said of him .
tr	NNS	There were so many apologies I didn 't even know where to start .
tr	NN	The runner didn 't wait for him to address him because he was panicking .
tr	NN	A secretary answers phones and types letters .
tr	NNS	Chartres withdrew his hand , smiling at her , laughing silently at her shocked expression .
tr	NNS	These creatures would surely be able to tell if he lied .
tr	NNS	There are four forks in front of me .
tr	NN	Yet his every male instinct demanded he stay where he was .
tr	NNS	Marius changed his mind .
tr	NN	A termite mound rose up close to the fence , cutting a couple of feet from its height .
tr	NNS	Maybe my instincts were only agreeing with her .
tr	NN	' A gentleman never tells . '
tr	NN	The left gauge was the speedometer .
tr	NNS	Shelby booms , and everyone repeats her word and cheers .
tr	NNS	The hotel arrangements are in your travel documents .
tr	NN	Love pulled another envelope .
tr	NNS	The thirteen pirates glanced at each other and roared with laughter at their friend 's humiliation .
tr	NN	A scowl tugged at the corners of Jonah 's mouth as he shot her a glance .
tr	NNS	There were no rats , but there was another rusted drain cover which opened into a tunnel just big enough for him to walk through .
tr	NNS	Several elves made speeches .
tr	NN	" The sacrifice has willingly returned to us .
tr	NNS	The drinks slowed , but they didn 't stop .
tr	NNS	The members of the senior staff are getting suspicious .
tr	NNS	" Things are progressing nicely .
tr	NN	The yard was under water from the night 's rain , and Carl wondered how the animals would fare in the open in this weather .
tr	NNS	Some teachers tried to help ; others ignored it .
tr	NN	Why hasn 't your landlord put up adequate lighting anyway ? "
tr	NN	The women 's division was the hopeless slouch in the GWA family .
tr	NNS	In short order , the shiny black binoculars lay exposed .
tr	NN	Her former sister-in-law looked as if she were about to burst into tears .
tr	NNS	Images flashed by her , of people and places , but she didn 't stop to look .
tr	NN	A pit began to form in his stomach .
tr	NN	Why was her heart beating so hard ?
tr	NN	The principal had even called in the police on more than one occasion .
tr	NNS	Yet there were no guarantees the attackers were gone .
tr	NN	A second bike passes us in the distance .
tr	NNS	The chains fell away , and Alec , dropping the blade to the floor , reached forward to take Magnus by the shoulders and help him up .
tr	NN	The weakness will wear off .
tr	NN	Her lack of an accent revealed her to be as much a stranger here as I was .
tr	NN	Boom , boom , boom , boom .
tr	NN	His crotch was a thick , rigid flagpole , bowed to the left and straining for release inside his tight pants .
tr	NNS	Blood drops become one heavy stream in just seconds , but he shows no signs of discomfort .
tr	NN	A tremor moved through her .
tr	NN	The man grunted then said he 'd fixed the air-con but had been phoning to order a new filter for it .
tr	NN	Derek 's secretary came chasing after him .
tr	NN	A menacing chuckle rumbled in his chest .
tr	NNS	The villagers circulated freely , and had much merriment pointing at the exposed parts of the captives , pinching fat breasts , or examining teeth .
tr	NN	Maybe my neighbor Clement had been out late .
tr	NNS	Would any gas fumes still be lingering in the tanks all these years later ?
tr	NN	Besides , my landlord loves calling the cops .
tr	NN	The plant is running at full capacity , and we still aren 't generating enough contribution to cover the overhead .
tr	NN	the fellow with the quick questions asked me .
tr	NNS	I puffed out a small laugh and gave up , my awkward attempts at holding my e-reader with the two of them wedged against me proved fruitless .
tr	NN	Reality dawned like a sledgehammer to her solar plexus .
tr	NNS	Shadowhunters ( other than Silent Brothers ) do not typically do scholarly work when young .
tr	NNS	Red bulbs on the walls in the cavern flashed ; the ground began to shake .
tr	NN	And as I did , the umbrella popped open like the visual punchline of a slapstick act .
tr	NNS	My worst fears had come true ; Tristan had found me .
tr	NNS	Your wolves need a male alpha and a female alpha for things to run smoothly .
tr	NNS	The quick bursts were almost terrible in their bright light beauty against the otherwise blackness of his room .
tr	NNS	The fireworks , though , sound exactly like them . "
tr	NN	The streams opened holes in the new ceiling , and pushed us through into the Temporal Chamber .
tr	NN	The demon master is by far the most powerful foe I 've ever faced .
tr	NN	Part of the allure of the Rusty Nail was the quiet .
tr	NNS	The anger seeps away from his eyes and sadness seems to replace it .
tr	NNS	Her waning hopes rebounded .
tr	NNS	While tragedy was a major catalyst , few clients actually remained steadfast in their path to change after the initial shock of losing someone wore off .
tr	NN	With replacement parts and power the main scanner was able to function again and after a short time it was able to pick up small energy traces .
tr	NNS	Instead , his thumbs worked a gentle massage along the arch of her instep .
tr	NN	The author is one Marcus Antonius Marcellus .
tr	NN	" Love equates with this coherence I possess of you , McKie . "
tr	NN	Then , from outside , came a low , repeating pulse of noise , some kind of deep buzz or static , surging in short waves .
tr	NNS	The videos are my personal tapes , but they only last for so long . "
tr	NN	A growl rumbled in his chest when he could no longer avoid the prospect .
tr	NNS	His fans went from feeling heartbroken to feeling betrayed .
tr	NNS	Lights hung from the ceiling , and the walls were plastered with pictures and maps .
tr	NNS	Had the magic users found them and come back to finish them off ?
tr	NNS	There are witnesses . "
tr	NN	Even the leech is telling you to .
tr	NN	' Yes , ' Love said .
tr	NNS	The captives needed no further prompting .
tr	NNS	The two new companions waited at the bottom of the wood pile .
tr	NN	" Well I think he looked a proper rogue , " countered a younger maid with a hint of admiration .
tr	NN	Wild applause filled the air , and if I hadn 't felt humiliated enough before , now I wanted to die .
tr	NN	Her subconscious had registered the effects .
tr	NNS	Antiques stores , art galleries , jewelers , gift shops , bookstores , and restaurants abounded .
tr	NN	The jade urn was less than five yards away .
tr	NNS	Agents 2 and 3 forced them to sit down as Agent 1 again crossed his arms .
tr	NNS	Hephaestus felt weak from his own blood loss , but he forced himself to stand tall and pull the rod up with him .
tr	NN	My pulse picked up when I recognized the crest in the seal .
tr	NNS	Other couples have survived and we will , too . "
tr	NN	The consultant was happy to show me to a dressing room , happier still when she saw my money .
tr	NN	So the surreptitious weekday cleaner had to be the good doctor herself .
tr	NNS	Cole 's movements stilled momentarily , appreciating the feel of her warmth .
tr	NNS	When I return to myself , I 'm sweating , my knuckles bloodied , chips of stone hacked out of the walls of my cell .
tr	NNS	The cats were toll for bridge crossings .
tr	NN	The muck on Boots 's coat had deposited a dirty residue on the bottom of the tub .
tr	NN	As they entered , the stench of rotting meat and dung was nearly overpowering .
tr	NNS	And whores took the places of young lovers .
tr	NNS	Our clients are very -- particular .
tr	NN	Our landlord helps move the larger items that mom and I can 't lift on our own .
tr	NN	His breathing became hard , his inhaling was thinning .
tr	NNS	Delicate wire frames rested on a face very similar to mine .
tr	NNS	Agents are everywhere , trying to discredit me , destroy my reputation and hasten my demise .
tr	NNS	Looks like you 're going to have a grandson coming into the world without the benefit of wedlock . "
tr	NNS	A million butterflies took wing .
tr	NNS	But the marbles keep tugging after the demon , urging us to follow .
tr	NNS	Strangers on Tide land could mean a raid .
tr	NNS	The possibilities are endless . "
tr	NNS	The sirens blared relentlessly , giving Emily a headache .
tr	NNS	The other quarters murmur indignantly among themselves .
tr	NN	The race was halfway through .
tr	NN	The vicar led the colonel down the path to the vicarage , glancing back at Celeste .
tr	NNS	The couples paired up .
tr	NN	The tank was on top of the building where the water warmed in the sun .
tr	NN	Without trying her apartment first , gut instinct told Roman exactly where to find her .
tr	NN	The intruder motioned for him to walk over to the tree line away from the house .
tr	NN	My hunger leaps up to the forefront of my mind , nearly taking control .
tr	NN	A great , great , great ... great granddaughter if you will . "
tr	NNS	Your Gramps is a genius . "
tr	NN	The commander of the Red sat and rubbed the stubble growing on his chin as he thought .
tr	NNS	Originally made with a shoulder stock and a long barrel for accuracy , the gun lobbed 40mm grenades , one shot at a time .
tr	NN	A big ram held a book and read to a bear , a rabbit stacked on a turtle , and other forest creatures .
tr	NNS	" Our mothers called me every day to talk about the wedding .
tr	NN	The God 's will awaken and new times will come .
tr	NN	The dust pattern on the wall behind it showed clearly where it normally rested .
tr	NNS	" Where are your attendants ? "
tr	NNS	Things aren 't going to be right .
tr	NN	Even village folk and children had more bearing than she did on the future .
tr	NN	As I 've told you before , the baking powder I have in my plane is highly illegal in Ohio . "
tr	NNS	There are billions of galaxies further out in the cosmos , at even more incredible distances !
tr	NN	Not a particularly heroic natural defense , but perfect for someone like me .
tr	NNS	And still the images shifted again , making her feel like Alice falling down the rabbit hole .
tr	NN	But that night , the booze felt great , as the warmth of the wine in my stomach spread through my body .
tr	NNS	Lights flickered around them .
tr	NNS	Others think it 's going to happen regardless so why bother ? "
tr	NNS	On the outskirts of town , patrols worked their way among the banana trees .
tr	NNS	" Things would become complicated if they saw you now . "
tr	NNS	The wolves didn 't realize that this was just a trick .
tr	NNS	Those movies came out 25 years ago .
tr	NN	There was a definite pattern here .
tr	NNS	" And the cameras caught nothing ? "
tr	NNS	Her fingernails bit into his skin , and he heard her chair scrape over the vinyl floor .
tr	NN	The recording had that scratchy Victrola sound .
tr	NN	On the left side of his chest , there was a heart chained with two crossed chains .
tr	NNS	All these figures stacked on top of each other .
tr	NNS	" The werewolves will dispense justice in this case , if they can track the Smith woman down .
tr	NNS	More ideas filled his head .
tr	NN	The barber set the bloody knife on a tray and washed his hands while the Healer sealed the blood vessels .
tr	NN	" No , but I can be really encouraging , " the redhead said brightly .
tr	NNS	My wrists aren 't bothering me at all . "
tr	NN	" But ... erm ... my unit is so small , it wouldn 't be practical . "
tr	NNS	All the passengers thanked the Gods for the respite .
tr	NNS	In the room , there were only two empty seats - one at the back and one next to me .
tr	NNS	There are individual tests and the horse is judged against a standard instead of against the other competitors ?
tr	NN	" His suffering is like our own , like all other persons ' .
tr	NNS	Once bonded , the chains would create a proximity issue .
tr	NN	The paint in almost every room looked as though it had just been redone .
tr	NN	Brains spattered against the walls , and I smelled its death , a stench fit to empty my stomach .
tr	NNS	Officials from both parties sat at the conference table on the other side of the room .
tr	NNS	" All the witnesses are your own troops . "
tr	NNS	The leaks have been plugged .
tr	NN	Today , if all went well , would be no different .
tr	NN	Morning is arriving and the sky is a shade of pastel watercolors .
tr	NNS	The contents looked identical to the earlier meal , except a round object of reddish color , which rolled against the edge of the tray .
tr	NN	But clarity of mind was not something that was coming easily at just that moment .
tr	NN	The knight pressed them once in close .
tr	NNS	The seats were bucket style , so I could barely see over the dashboard , but he fit behind the wheel just fine .
tr	NN	The damage made Valeria slide back .
tr	NNS	His footsteps drew near and I prepared myself .
tr	NNS	Dogs knew this a long time ago .
tr	NN	The publisher had come through , wanting more of Jess .
tr	NNS	Saul 's footsteps were a quiet thud in the distance .
tr	NNS	The helmets also have a water tube which extends when touched and automatically retracts the wearer is finished .
tr	NN	" Her grandmother had a stroke last week . "
tr	NNS	Lights moved across the stage , too dim to show any real features of the band members .
tr	NNS	And by the time they 'd showered , dressed and packed , the stores were open .
tr	NNS	Random insects crashed into the lights and spiraled to their deaths .
tr	NN	An owl hoots somewhere outside my window , and my room is full of drifting dark shapes .
tr	NN	His accent was growing thicker , more pronounced , with each word he spoke .
tr	NN	His opponent 's bullet ripped into his stomach an inch to the left of his navel .
tr	NN	Suddenly , green pulp squirted from it like pimple juice .
tr	NN	There was a large courtyard made up of fountains and olive trees with several other native varieties of Greek vegetation .
tr	NN	Static electricity crackled as her curls snapped back .
tr	NNS	Dragons , larger than the ones on her forearms , clearly branded on her flesh .
tr	NN	But the colonel recognized that Caleb was not the enemy and he ordered his men to stand down .
tr	NN	" My grandmother , mother 's side . "
tr	NN	The Blaire that came back wasn 't the same one that left .
tr	NNS	All the colors seem brighter and different from the Bay Area .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of her uncle and Lukas alternated in waves causing her emotions to run hot and cold in exhausting intervals .
tr	NNS	Names and titles all jumbled together .
tr	NNS	My characters are suffering .
tr	NNS	Large monitors at either end of the landing stations showed the view from the ships nose as they nudged against the atmosphere .
tr	NN	The intruder moved it towards the ground .
tr	NN	And so has the attitude , Poison added .
tr	NN	His father could have been talking about many things , his inquiry interpreted many different ways , especially with the state of his dementia .
tr	NNS	Squires slammed the door , spun the large ringed key , and tossed it into a far corner .
tr	NN	Beaver fur is very soft and the skins are used for making very good clothes .
tr	NN	An appreciative growl escaped his throat .
tr	NN	" A big stupid smelly jerk with hemorrhoids . "
tr	NN	A large crystal chandelier hung in the center of the room .
tr	NNS	Others were pouring bullets into various other rooms .
tr	NNS	Rand 's living arrangements were only going to add fuel to the rumors .
tr	NN	The merriment faded from his face .
tr	NN	Shocked distaste flashed across her features .
tr	NN	Some angel whispered in our ears that this was a once in a lifetime weekend that should only reverberate in our memories and no place else .
tr	NN	Perhaps the stair went down to some sort of maintenance area .
tr	NNS	He made his appearance in 1971 as all the astrology , new age types were trying to deal with a new decade and the Vietnam war .
tr	NNS	" Your letters got us through .
tr	NN	An angel had come , an angel to my mother , and no man had been my father , but what did such a thing mean ?
tr	NNS	These objects were the antique store 's spare inventory , the things fewer people would want to buy .
tr	NN	Well , no wonder Faith had pushed for this little one-on-one .
tr	NN	His route was the most advantageous to showing off the neighborhood , not always the shortest way to the house .
tr	NNS	Reyes reached out , twined his fingers with hers .
tr	NN	A new stab of fear pierced him .
tr	NNS	True sobs wracked her and she cowered away .
tr	NN	The tape was solid evidence .
tr	NNS	" Your commands are obeyed , your lordship . "
tr	NN	" When has dealing with our past ever been easy ? "
tr	NN	A tiny strip of shallow water , the ford , about 5 yards wide , ran across the length of the river .
tr	NN	" My great great great great Grandfather was a witch hunter -- you ever heard of witch hunting ? "
tr	NN	Kevin teacher stood up again , looking to Ms. Lee standing in the back of the classroom for an explanation , getting only a shrug in return .
tr	NN	Instead , the television flipped on , its synthetic tunes slicing into the otherwise quiet of the living room .
tr	NNS	The countess removed a wrapped bundle from her desk drawer and set it on top .
tr	NNS	Where human 's lifespans assuming proper nutrition and medical care had approached 95 years , various species could live to be well over 350 years old .
tr	NNS	The designs matched the tattoo on his right shoulder and biceps .
tr	NNS	The fumes decree that it 's extremely alcoholic , so I tip some into my weak tea .
tr	NN	His moustache looked particularly menacing .
tr	NN	Terror had passed , and despair had set in for the long haul .
tr	NN	A nap was out of the question now , of course ; there wasn 't a chance she was going to sleep .
tr	NNS	But to the more prosaic : The greatest mystery the universe offers is not life but Size .
tr	NNS	Caiaphas 's supporters wanted to take the accused outside the city walls and stone him . "
tr	NNS	Even minor creature comforts impressed me these days .
tr	NNS	The colors were definitely mild ; terse even .
tr	NN	Her immediate goal was to take charge of one of the three surviving drug labs , specifically the one located in Portland , Oregon .
tr	NN	" Centurion , " said the actor playing Caiaphas , " as God gives me speed , thy folly is great indeed .
tr	NN	The language became comprehensible after about your fifth visit .
tr	NNS	Small , wet flakes flew into Dmitri 's face .
tr	NNS	Some members of Remy 's group had started it by making a pile of goods in one of the aisles and lighting it on fire .
tr	NNS	Richmond 's shiny skyscrapers rose high , occasionally bordered by older brick or cement buildings .
tr	NN	Each unit was about as large as a refrigerator laid on its side .
tr	NN	So far , the kitten has not seemed the least bit troubled by malevolent spirits .
tr	NNS	Her psychic abilities were strong when it came to reading energy and auras .
tr	NN	Link tried again , just as we had all night .
tr	NN	" Any old iron , sixpence a load ! "
tr	NN	" Too openly strike against the high king would expose themselves as traitors to all of the realm ! "
tr	NNS	Where did these creatures come from ?
tr	NNS	The man 's footsteps moved methodically through the dilapidated old shack , searching , slowly , room by room .
tr	NNS	My few visits there still spark memories too dramatic to include such details .
tr	NNS	But the figures had stepped back out of the lighted opening , and with horror he heard a familiar sound .
tr	NNS	There are thousands of people inside ! "
tr	NNS	" The wolves owed me a favor , so I asked them to watch over you .
tr	NN	Yuri 's introduction cut off the young beauty 's sentence before she could complete it .
tr	NNS	Their bulky EVA suits rendered them nearly identical .
tr	NNS	The chances of vampire Nikki protecting her were still incredibly slim , but slim was better than none .
tr	NN	His valet would have a fit .
tr	NNS	The twins rushed into Hal 's arms for one last hug and he whispered something into both of their ears .
tr	NN	In her hand , there was a long thin tipped trident that discharged great power .
tr	NN	The second archer is down , but before I can load the third bolt , the last remaining archer turns and fires in my direction .
tr	NNS	The club members were milling about , talking to one another and discussing the auction .
tr	NNS	Rafe 's grandparents sat together , holding hands .
tr	NNS	What do these fairies look like ?
tr	NN	His pulse thumped harder .
tr	NN	The murmuring continued when at last , a gruff , insistent voice growled , " Give me the girl . "
tr	NNS	The cramps in my legs were painful !
tr	NNS	But even the nurses looked unfamiliar .
tr	NNS	Screams sounded just outside the closed door , and shadows twisted and writhed on the other side of the wide slats .
tr	NN	The policeman said , " We found him and the van with the unconscious women up the road a bit at an abandoned property .
tr	NNS	At the bend , there were five more goons , holding coil rifles of an older design .
tr	NN	The Tribune Enterprises television station . "
tr	NN	The walled courtyard was quiet and still .
tr	NN	This voice Hanna knew instantly .
tr	NNS	Then the warriors did fan out , surrounding the queen 's chambers that they knew lay just ahead .
tr	NN	But his bicep was too large and he couldn 't reach .
tr	NNS	Shouts and yelling erupted as things went from bad to worse .
tr	NN	Part of me didn 't want to know , but the other part was occasionally brazen .
tr	NN	A sob caught in my throat .
tr	NN	The grove was alive .
tr	NN	Besides , this explanation put together some pieces of the puzzle that was Dorian Masters .
tr	NN	" Our uncle took over our care .
tr	NN	His arched beak bobbed as he went , and he wrapped his robes tighter around his exposed front pair of arms .
tr	NN	The roar of police sirens rose in the distance behind it .
tr	NNS	Preston stood in the door jamb , his forearms resting on the sides of the entry .
tr	NNS	The Youth League members , dressed in their crisp brown uniforms , marched down the aisle with jack boots stomping , drums beating , and banner flying .
tr	NN	Welcome a complete personality rewrite ?
tr	NN	Monarch 's pulse misses a beat when the Higher says my name .
tr	NN	" A handsome bachelor will remedy this appalling wholesomeness . "
tr	NNS	All the other ladies followed her lead .
tr	NNS	There were a few items of dirty clothing , some canned food , and a half-eaten loaf of stale bread .
tr	NNS	Rolling green hills , like she had never seen before , stretched out as far as she could see .
tr	NNS	" Her tutors say they 've never seen a student progress so rapidly through her political texts . "
tr	NN	" I would , " the other rider said , as his magnificent pale steed moved into the forming circle .
tr	NN	The woman 's accent is thicker , more Canadian than any I 've heard so far .
tr	NNS	The pairs call to each other and when they 're close , the chemicals react .
tr	NN	The pilot says , " I think they 're more afraid that we won 't bring ' em the free beer . "
tr	NNS	Now the vamps were looking to take back what they thought of as theirs .
tr	NN	Part of me is happy .
tr	NNS	Held in steel grips , the pirates could not fight back .
tr	NN	Or rather , governor " senator Femi said as we all laughed to it .
tr	NN	A Norm maid bustled into the Cinema a few minutes later with a delicate china teapot and two matching teacups on a silver tray .
tr	NN	The sergeant leaned into the car .
tr	NNS	No visible signs of trauma , and an otherwise healthy man found dead in a sealed toilet on an international ferry .
tr	NNS	Alaric 's nostrils flared and his lips tightened .
tr	NNS	The other council members looked at one another , expressions puzzled or alarmed .
tr	NN	" No , " her teacher promised , rubbing at the graffiti .
tr	NN	The medicine the doctors had given him was easily taking care of the splitting headache he had .
tr	NNS	If President Davis ever lost power , these evil actions would return to haunt him .
tr	NNS	Wings unfurled and cut out the sky .
tr	NNS	The twins had grown into a right pair of little brawlers , just like their mum .
tr	NN	One bullet was in his back .
tr	NN	a chorus of voices yelled back from all over the ship .
tr	NNS	As soon as I stood up and could see a wider landscape , my fears eased and I knew we 'd found water .
tr	NN	" What does this fellow want ? "
tr	NNS	Dark colours covered the bed and windows .
tr	NNS	From its roots that wound out of the stream , a moss covered the tree far up its trunk .
tr	NN	" Our race is dying !
tr	NN	A thrill ran through me at his words .
tr	NN	The former tenant had disappeared one night , leaving no forwarding address , not an uncommon event in the Cove .
tr	NN	His language was very bad .
tr	NNS	But warriors don 't flee from danger , and , someday , he 'd be the bravest warrior ever .
tr	NNS	Teagan 's eyelids fluttered as she tried to process his implication .
tr	NN	After the incident the Philippine government issued declaration of war against the Peoples Republic of China , with international press covering the press release .
tr	NN	Just then , a massive crash and sounds of breaking glass shot forth from the cockpit , and the door before him buckled with an impact .
tr	NNS	Things were about to get at least a little more interesting .
tr	NNS	Thankfully her movements only seemed to encourage him .
tr	NN	The homecoming was so sweet and sharp she swallowed a sudden lump in her throat .
tr	NNS	Others clambered up from the boat .
tr	NNS	The gossip rags are rife with speculation over my intentions , and now I cannot even enjoy a respite in my own home ! "
tr	NNS	His black trousers and tunic jacket received the same treatment as the shirt .
tr	NNS	Soldiers can only shoot at Cubans if Cubans shoot first .
tr	NNS	The hackles rose on my neck as the black scarf dropped in the wind .
tr	NNS	Flowers woven into soft tresses made it even lovelier than he remembered .
tr	NNS	" There were always too many cameras on us .
tr	NNS	Instead , her pupils had grown huge with desire .
tr	NN	" But the thief wants us to know he 's angry . "
tr	NN	The genius in the system was how they communicated .
tr	NN	Before your visa had expired , then the traveler must leave .
tr	NNS	The last signs of life flicker out as the doctor stops struggling and falls limp .
tr	NNS	How long has the duchess known them ?
tr	NNS	The designs on the earlier jacket covers were sexy .
tr	NNS	My eyelids gradually open and I turn my head toward her .
tr	NNS	Others flew across the street to perch on streetlights .
tr	NN	The ornate wrought iron , glass , and wood doors across the courtyard opened .
tr	NN	There was an old dragon under grey stone ; his red eyes blinked as he lay alone .
tr	NN	The ignominious bastard can do my bidding for the rest of eternity . "
tr	NN	The lieutenant remained before her , staring at her , smiling .
tr	NNS	Small blue markings decorated her scalp , like so much scientific nomenclature tattooed in place .
tr	NNS	" But there are other werewolves out there who could have joined the unit .
tr	NN	Just do me a favor , show it to your boss .
tr	NNS	Nothing remotely resembled the Mansion on Benson Hill .
tr	NN	Her gratitude to him was all the greater because of the contrast of his behaviour with the treatment she had been used to in her former life .
tr	NN	The bird overheard screeched and I jumped , stuffing my cold hands into my pockets .
tr	NNS	Saliva pools in my mouth and I know it is coming .
tr	NN	" Your papa has been extremely successful in his career .
tr	NNS	Beneath them pilgrims built bonfires on the beach .
tr	NN	" My partner says you work on cases for the Salinas PD .
tr	NN	" The Program learned about The Treatment , and my contract was up .
tr	NN	The van started to shake , and then it slid out of the way .
tr	NNS	The Classes couldn 't come soon enough .
tr	NNS	If smashing the bottle hadn 't made him stand out , his attempts to scramble over the upside down shopping trolley brought everyone 's gaze upon him .
tr	NN	Part of it was because I couldn 't afford it . "
tr	NN	" The milk sounds good .
tr	NN	" The bastard probably won 't even let me buy my girl dinner .
tr	NNS	And what were the consequences ?
tr	NN	" Yes , a goddess can hope . "
tr	NNS	The countess cleared her throat .
tr	NN	The pilot shook his head , " I don 't know !
tr	NNS	shouts Marx , waving the knife at Nadia .
tr	NNS	The little woodland elves , pigmented green , helped complicate the human racial scene .
tr	NN	The captain seemed lost in thought , even more so than usual .
tr	NN	What 's your status ?
tr	NNS	Of course her prints had been all over a knife .
tr	NNS	My heart races and I can 't stop sweating .
tr	NN	This time Huxley flinched so hard that he spilled wine over his shirt .
tr	NN	The name Courtney hung in the air like a bad smell .
tr	NNS	" My apologies , Colonel .
tr	NN	" No , but prison is where we 're trying to put him .
tr	NNS	The wetness from her soft skin left my own damp .
tr	NN	The roar of the crowd mixed with the pounding of her heart in her ears as she sprinted toward Zach .
tr	NN	" When I saw the crash and those guys trying to stuff you in that trunk ... " His hand fell away from her .
tr	NNS	Most poisons attack the internal organs and give outward signs that can lead to diagnosis and antidote .
tr	NNS	There are flashlights , batteries , candles and matches , along with a small supply of water , soda , and snacks against one of the walls .
tr	NN	I just don , t know what to do for you , myself . "
tr	NN	There is a flashlight in the bureau if you need it . "
tr	NN	' I suppose you are right , there is wisdom in your words Saul .
tr	NNS	Stainless steel letters above the elevator from which we 'd just emerged spelled out WOMEN 'S WEAR , MALL .
tr	NN	A lone scratch ran above his wrist .
tr	NNS	There are risks in any sort of transfer . "
tr	NNS	My surroundings had changed .
tr	NN	" Yes , " the witness answered , chaffing against the restraint of a one-word answer .
tr	NNS	" There are big gaps in the coverage . "
tr	NN	The goal had fired up the team and shifted the momentum in their favor .
tr	NNS	The weddings got to her .
tr	NNS	Sometimes the authorities would send any money found on the bodies or something of sentimental value to their surviving heirs . "
tr	NNS	The beggars stopped singing , except for Arnold Sideways , who tended to live in his own small world . '
tr	NNS	Let them show their long , humorless faces to each other .
tr	NN	There was an enormous roar of sound , and Walker 's foot slammed another of the taken holders to the cave floor .
tr	NNS	" No explanations needed .
tr	NNS	The less she planned , the more unpredictable her movements were , increased the difficulty Jackson would experience trying to finding her .
tr	NNS	Those growls grew louder , wisps of their fingers brushing him as the circle they flew around tightened further still .
tr	NN	" Your efforts are greatly appreciated , " the senator ended the transmission .
tr	NNS	But often , readers don 't leave them .
tr	NN	The new Death raised his cowl .
tr	NN	This ward would have to stay just words until I figured out what the hell an ash tree looked like .
tr	NNS	Looks like Otter Flats .
tr	NN	A hatch in the door flew open .
tr	NNS	Anyway , the twins and I left the Vale and started north the first thing the next morning .
tr	NN	A low growl rose from Ryan 's throat as this first hurdle was overcome .
tr	NNS	Screams and cries from far below echoed into the apartment .
tr	NNS	Reyes relayed the conversation , word for word , unconcerned by his rapt audience .
tr	NN	" When 's the leadership race ? "
tr	NN	The Grand Hall was ostentatiously decorated with white flowers , the stems wrapped with red , satin fabric .
tr	NNS	My parents ' expressions did little to conceal their shock .
tr	NN	A whistle brought our attention back to the field for the kickoff .
tr	NNS	Lifting their cups the warriors drank deeply .
tr	NNS	Inside sources say there may be a glimmer of hope for her .
tr	NN	Not exactly a romantic reunion , but I 'd take what I could get , especially since we 'd both survived the fight .
tr	NNS	The screens all flashed " EMERGENCY - LIFE SUPPORT SYSTEMS . "
tr	NNS	Others ran back towards the tunnel or pressed themselves against the walls .
tr	NNS	Aris waved his blade , indicating that Thomas should walk forward .
tr	NN	" I 'll look into it , " the county attorney replied .
tr	NN	The trio had been heading steadily up the stairs that were carved in to the rocks .
tr	NNS	All the signs were there before , if I 'd really paid attention , but of course I never realized .
tr	NNS	" When will these idiots realize we make the creator pay for the crimes of his young ? "
tr	NNS	The footprints disappear into the wall .
tr	NN	" Oh no , " said the chaplain .
tr	NNS	The warriors found seats in the pavilions at the plaza and began to eat their food .
tr	NN	The principal of the high school spoke into the microphone .
tr	NN	The raw demand in his kiss and his hard body pressing me into the bed made my nerve endings flare with blinding sensation .
tr	NN	Her booth 's merchandise had sold out within an hour of opening .
tr	NN	The fright had done more harm .
tr	NN	The werewolf regained his composure .
tr	NNS	The 50s ghost movies tended to be more somber , while the truly malevolent cinematic spirits really came forth in the 1970s .
tr	NN	A long hesitation came before she made a halfhearted walk over to sit next to Mike .
tr	NN	Somewhere far away , a faint rumbling sounds , and combined with the bizarre storm , it resembles thunder .
tr	NN	During their telephone conversation , the colonel hadn 't been able to give Bob an exact date .
tr	NN	Link felt John 's teeth sink into his neck .
tr	NNS	His companions were shaking their heads emphatically , and she had to smile .
tr	NN	Another tentacle thrust through the wall and tripped him up .
tr	NN	A maid to help you dress , a nurse for when you are sick .
tr	NN	The gamble had paid off by proving to lead her to getting Zero entered into the games .
tr	NNS	Holo scenes turned some sections of web work into fantasy worlds , further removing the occupants from the worries of life aboard the Orbiter .
tr	NN	The operation was to begin in less than an hour .
tr	NN	As Lighthouse receded into the distance , the rim of Hamelin Crater came in to view .
tr	NNS	Business deals are becoming far more complicated than they used to be .
tr	NNS	But what were the chances another nomad would find what he had found ?
tr	NNS	And the chances of my survival were very slim .
tr	NNS	The possibilities were endless .
tr	NN	Then there was a stirring among them and two emerged , a man and a woman , their eyes reflecting Hekate 's torches as though burnished within .
tr	NN	Henry 's diary was here .
tr	NN	The Master set you a task , and you haven 't finished it yet . '
tr	NN	This ritual , which he performed monthly , often took him two days .
tr	NNS	The footsteps were odd sounding too .
tr	NN	And as her breath was stolen from her , madness took hold and the burning craft , her new home , disappeared as well .
tr	NNS	Cadmus leveled a dark gaze at her .
tr	NNS	Lots of good stuff to eat there . "
tr	NN	On the other side of the pool , a waterfall that was coming from above the ceiling was flowing into it .
tr	NNS	Her instincts were against his advice .
tr	NNS	Looks like it isn 't . "
tr	NN	The archer passed a sneer at Gaston , but the sage innocently looked skyward in the opposite direction .
tr	NN	I ' l leave you a trail in ... " He thought for a second and then chuckled once .
tr	NNS	This deep in the forest , tree frogs should have been screaming in the trees , but it was only March .
tr	NN	The applause seemed to last forever , and it was awesome .
tr	NN	The Jeep stopped , blocking her way , and forcing her to halt herself .
tr	NNS	The blades she gripped were vibrating with her rage .
tr	NNS	Clearly his priorities weren 't that great either .
tr	NNS	Apparently there were cousins and grandparents too , on both sides . "
tr	NNS	So no more apologies ok ? "
tr	NNS	My defenses crawled into every crevice of my body , spreading its barbed wire protective coating all around .
tr	NNS	Things had been better , and with a high , very high level of literacy world wide society was finally much more civil and progressive .
tr	NNS	Things were suddenly falling into place .
tr	NNS	" Others shouldn 't have had to die .
tr	NNS	Others had tried to take her life .
tr	NN	No pun intended . "
tr	NN	A spark of electricity jumped from one to the next , around to four of her fingers ; one of her nails was still broken .
tr	NN	Del 's posture had degenerated until he resembled a pile of tweed suits put out to go to the cleaners .
tr	NNS	The emptiness of my life was to begin at once .
tr	NNS	No noticeable effects were initially observed and all test groups were prepared and placed in the chambers .
tr	NNS	" These planets positively brim with life in every pore of their existence .
tr	NNS	Quickly the other members of the unit check in .
tr	NNS	All the servants of the castle walked in a solemn parade of black cloth and tears .
tr	NN	The discharge may very well destroy my pack , but it will not reach my partners and me here .
tr	NN	But her personality -- or at least the way many of her fellow students would have described it -- was simply not forceful enough .
tr	NN	" That old rogue knows something . "
tr	NN	My goal is for Jolene to be as excited about this addition to our family as we are .
tr	NN	A cord made of solid sliver braiding sat around her waist , and a matching piece hung around one wrist .
tr	NNS	' Now , caps of sporting teams we don 't follow . '
tr	NN	On the third day , the entire Caddo tribe came together on the banks of the river to welcome the newborn babies into their midst .
tr	NN	The author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction , which have been used without permission .
tr	NNS	The mounted animal masks on the walls vibrated .
tr	NNS	Things are growing distant .
tr	NNS	Demon culpability : The vilest of all demons whispers insecurities into the ears of anyone within reach and causes crippling , at times life-threatening self-doubt .
tr	NN	The very notion was alien to them .
tr	NN	Love took a step back .
tr	NNS	The emergency exits emptied into a neighboring underground parking garage .
tr	NN	The tip of his little finger was squashed between the doorframe and the instrument panel .
tr	NN	t is quiet this time of year .
tr	NN	Every deep stroke sent shock waves coursing through her , through him .
tr	NN	There was some jerky shifting as I tugged off his T-shirt and he took off my shorts , then our bodies rejoined , skin on skin .
tr	NN	His gloom overrode the excitement of the new smartphones Dylan had purchased for each of his brothers .
tr	NN	The lack of response upsets him more .
tr	NNS	" No worries , Garrett , " she told him , keeping her voice light in spite of the knot of pain clogging her throat .
tr	NNS	Short bursts of pain beat a staccato rhythm deep in her chest and she leaned into him , memorizing everything she could in that instant .
tr	NN	The Hindu tradition acknowledges that there are many paths by which people may seek and experience religious understanding and direction .
tr	NN	' What would your uncle want ?
tr	NN	In turn the envoy reported moderate losses , mostly from the mounted troops .
tr	NN	But the maid stood her ground .
tr	NNS	Small , white ruffles trimmed the edges of the coral overlay that split at the front , revealing pure white ruffles that cascaded down to the ground .
tr	NNS	Alexis sat up quickly and looked around the room .
tr	NN	" But Sir , our orders are to take you both to Richmond , " the pilot complained .
tr	NN	The old willow dominated the block , like a huge umbrella blotting out the hot sun .
tr	NNS	Perhaps they didn 't have to do anything , perhaps the creatures could kill them simply by looking at them .
tr	NNS	In the end , his actions would always be the same .
tr	NNS	The two dim spots remained .
tr	NN	An arrival of thunderstorms threatened the city with the indescribable scent of heavy moisture in the air .
tr	NNS	The classmates were excited to fulfill an important task .
tr	NN	The sergeant , not unkindly , herded Jack down the hall while saying over his shoulder to Nate , " Chief will see you now .
tr	NN	A loud whistle pierced the eerie silence of the battlefield .
tr	NN	The strange prophecy seemed to echo a time long before when something else had emerged from the magma .
tr	NN	The captain was carrying a thick log .
tr	NN	Chance leaned forward , finally seeming interested in the conversation .
tr	NNS	Scar took off his mask , black hair strands tumbled down his eyes .
tr	NNS	Their hats are the same except the States flag embroidered on the side has a white cross emblem in the corner instead of stars .
tr	NNS	Every species adjusted to the quantum shift in their genetic makeup .
tr	NNS	Rags seemed happy to be in his new home .
tr	NN	His facial tissue zig-zags side to side from the right temple across the right eyebrow , the upper nose bridge down to the lower left earlobe .
tr	NN	" Your government claims to have no knowledge of sending the order . "
tr	NNS	The blades spun faster .
tr	NNS	The shores move by in silence , bringing rock and pine and oak past .
tr	NN	The bloodshot , beady eyes flickered to the prince as he leaned in .
tr	NN	Riddick glanced at Waters , then held his arms towards Tanya .
tr	NN	His Irish accent was less obvious than last spring .
tr	NN	A map of the city , obviously , but I 'm not sure what the markers mean .
tr	NNS	The stainless steel appliances were sleek and modern .
tr	NN	" The militia will set them on fire as quick as they can come in past us .
tr	NN	The tape bothered him , and the wound was already beginning to heal .
tr	NNS	The drugs are destroying us , and I can 't take it anymore . "
tr	NN	The coroner was a jovial sort .
tr	NN	In spite of their bulky suits the squad moved with a grace that MacIntosh envied .
tr	NNS	Two roads diverged in a yellow wood .
tr	NNS	" Your colleges would sentence you to death ? "
tr	NN	The other route was slightly longer , but with only two stop signs .
tr	NNS	But werewolves are good to have on one 's side in a fight . "
tr	NN	The proof of that may have been this most recent problem .
tr	NN	There was no damage in the cortex so the diagnosis was predictable , expressive aphasia .
tr	NN	The dent was about three times bigger .
tr	NNS	" Your chances are far better at trial . "
tr	NNS	The diaries gave May many hours of pleasure , pain , and contemplation .
tr	NNS	" Early effects of the poison are restlessness , excitability of hearing and vision , and convulsions . "
tr	NN	The brown haze returned in the distance .
tr	NNS	Animals are enough to keep us going , and strong , but it takes more of their blood to fully sate us . "
tr	NN	Link , who couldn 't add two-digit numbers , always sensed when my uncle and I were about to start fighting .
tr	NN	The translucent tube suddenly went gray and he could tell they were outside the fortress .
tr	NN	With each step they took , his lust for her climbed higher and higher , too .
tr	NNS	The footsteps disappeared into the distance and I waited , rigid , until several minutes had passed and I heard nothing .
tr	NN	The rim of melted Hershey bar around his lips made Matt remember the last time he 'd seen the boy .
tr	NN	An older gentleman immediately cut his shirt off and started poking at his arm , sending white hot fire down to the tips of his toes .
tr	NN	A trickle of sand and gravel fell down the slope .
tr	NNS	Diggs closed the shades against the first glimmer of dawn while I got under the blankets .
tr	NN	But though he made contact - he thought he made contact - the Master seemed to slide away as though transporting .
tr	NNS	" The invaders continue to try their luck at the Norfolk Naval Compound .
tr	NN	The salt and pepper jar clattered inside the metal holder .
tr	NN	Behind him , the factory blew .
tr	NN	The mingling of mist and sprays of sunshine beaming down from above the trees spoke of the power and magic that Holiday had mentioned .
tr	NNS	Lights danced before his eyes , and his vision blurred .
tr	NNS	Things would get much simpler when the humans finally left .
tr	NNS	Her fingernails were polished red , and somehow that seemed very weird .
tr	NNS	The bars behind him shut closed and we were left alone .
tr	NN	The control panel angles under the window , rows of desks behind it .
tr	NN	Her veil in place , Jewell turned to look at the image of herself in he mirror .
tr	NN	An injury like that cost him his college contract , but he should have recuperated where he 'd have his former team 's support .
tr	NNS	To her surprise , the dwarves heard her and immediately began forming ranks beside the elves .
tr	NN	A troll possessed skin too thick to be pierced by a bullet .
tr	NNS	" Anyways , these fellas are in too big a hurry to fight .
tr	NNS	At least these lizards think I am ; I 'm good enough for them .
tr	NN	A lash of fire whipped up just behind her .
tr	NN	The concept proved completely foreign to me .
tr	NNS	Upstairs he floated past walls adorned with platinum discs and knocked on the rose wood door .
tr	NNS	Things like oil and water .
tr	NN	His brother Daemon moved with the same feline grace .
tr	NN	" Where does this bastard live ? "
tr	NN	Maybe the electricity was becoming too much for him too and was messing with his head or something .
tr	NNS	A few passengers - eleven of us , in fact - have fallen asleep .
tr	NN	Her mistrust of boys faltered .
tr	NN	My first instinct was to call Michael and ask him to come take me to the nursery , but I knew that wouldn 't work .
tr	NN	A vine with purple flowers seemed to twine around his ankle .
tr	NNS	But the chains are too tight and only slice at my skin .
tr	NNS	The scenes skipped then repeated .
tr	NN	His mental development was slow , but he was alive and in relatively little pain .
tr	NN	There was appreciation in his eyes when he appraised her appearance .
tr	NNS	There were more owls hooting in the shadows now .
tr	NNS	" There are three facilities fighting over her .
tr	NNS	This early on , explanations would jeopardize our balance .
tr	NN	The bay was still cold from decompression .
tr	NNS	My curiosity peaks as I 've never been in a mirror maze before .
tr	NN	A stake in the heart will kill you .
tr	NN	" Cassie has never liked cribbage , " her grandma explained .
tr	NN	The agony burned through him , but he didn 't let Holly go .
tr	NNS	The butterflies in her stomach danced to the rhythm of her erratic heartbeat .
tr	NNS	Half a dozen lockers lined the left wall , and I opened the one Noelle pointed to .
tr	NN	The canoe tipped and I lost my balance .
tr	NNS	These institutions correctly focus on things like love but the meaning is wrong -- in the way they give you the information .
tr	NNS	" Other wolves can 't do that ? "
tr	NN	" Your medicine would have helped a human with the same injuries . "
tr	NN	My paranoia factor was running high .
tr	NN	Yet , after months in exile , the plant had refused to die .
tr	NNS	Towards the back , there were paintings everywhere on both floors .
tr	NNS	Dangerous Beans was difficult to deal with .
tr	NN	My pulse was pounding , my breath short .
tr	NN	Every pulse is a jolt straight to my core , so intense that the sensations ripple up my belly and down my legs as well .
tr	NNS	The roads have cleared enough to allow the snow ploughs to pass , and once they 've been through , the ambulances are permitted to follow .
tr	NN	His thinning blond hair was plastered to his scalp , his tie , a brilliant blue , brought out his eyes .
tr	NNS	The creatures inside , were making plaintive noises , wailing and screaming , as usual .
tr	NN	The reverend was a man of God .
tr	NN	Still , an unshakable dread had settled over me .
tr	NNS	The razor talons on his feet dug into the sand as he walked toward her .
tr	NNS	But goblins , now , they makes sense today .
tr	NN	An ugly looking scar runs down his right cheek reaching to his chiseled jaw .
tr	NN	" All we see are women on the move , " the captain said .
tr	NNS	There were footsteps on the stairway .
tr	NN	Her assent came out more like a purr of contentment .
tr	NN	' One of the other five , I would think , ' Prophet said .
tr	NN	At some point the teacher came over and had a look at what I had on screen .
tr	NNS	I want footage from outdoor cameras , indoor cameras , elevators , stairwells .
tr	NN	The supreme leader in Israel clipped off the end to a cigar .
tr	NNS	" Where are her belongings ? "
tr	NNS	Shouts started to accompany the pounding .
tr	NN	The knight agreed to save him and arranged to slip out of town with the sorcerer undetected . "
tr	NNS	Girls always wanted a second round with a Buchanan .
tr	NNS	Her footsteps crunched on dirt and loose rocks , while a refreshing alienation smoothed every gritty sound .
tr	NN	Even my subconscious is against me .
tr	NN	Part of me wishes he 'd lie to me , say something to placate the fear .
tr	NN	There was a chorus of ' Yes , sir . '
tr	NN	Silently the lieutenant followed him as he descended the stone walkway .
tr	NN	His technique will slip and he will fight to win , perhaps not cleanly . "
tr	NNS	Reyes , say yes .
tr	NN	That peculiar tour only made her want this island more .
tr	NN	Thinking of Henry hurt , and the morning brought no reprieve .
tr	NNS	Were there other deaths which hadn 't been recorded , or was Annie in some way special ?
tr	NNS	Police wearing armored gear and slapping riot batons against their thighs lined the aisles and the back wall .
tr	NNS	Cars already lined the driveway and the street out front .
tr	NN	A baton tap on Timmy 's shoulder ended the gab session .
tr	NN	The sexy baritone carried on the wind , leaving her no choice but to stop .
tr	NN	Since we had imported her from the Achaeans , the goddess had gradually subsumed quite a few old fashioned Trojan deities .
tr	NN	The cord around her neck gave way and the wishbone came away in his hand , and for an instant she felt bereft without it .
tr	NNS	It 's not funny , creatures like you making threats like that . "
tr	NN	" The lace is vintage .
tr	NNS	Three warriors broke from their pack to address Barlow .
tr	NN	The captain was listening in on the conversion .
tr	NNS	" My hopes , as you call them , are perpetually up when you 're in the vicinity . "
tr	NNS	I turned slowly , my movements burdened by what had just occurred .
tr	NNS	Tangled ferns grew almost as tall as small trees , and on the floor thousands of insects moved rotting leaves and vegetation .
tr	NN	The darkening allowed her to see inside , where two workers were cutting an unconscious warrior down .
tr	NNS	Your grandparents , " she said , emphasizing that they should be considered Travis and Cammie 's grandmother and grandfather .
tr	NN	The panicked waving as he disappeared into the hull gave the entirely opposite impression he 'd been aiming for .
tr	NNS	The sudden tightness in my chest surprises me with its strength .
tr	NNS	The long - delayed arrest in the Anderson Point murders had received a fair amount of coverage because of the drama at the end .
tr	NNS	His kisses were hungry and needy and just what she wanted .
tr	NNS	" My servants clean my toilet . "
tr	NNS	" After the collective leaders made such a big deal about Cash and his uprising - " " His what ? "
tr	NN	The balance in the checkbook was only thirty-seven dollars .
tr	NN	The entire factory must be nearly a million square feet , though most of that was the factory floor and warehouse .
tr	NNS	Hopefully , the national news media wouldn 't pick up the story .
tr	NNS	Small footsteps interrupted Isabella 's intended answer .
tr	NN	" A true leader empowers the people he rules . "
tr	NNS	His mind relaxed , his worries melted away .
tr	NN	" Reality isn 't the things we see , or hear , or feel - there 's a lot going on there , under the surface .
tr	NNS	Tabloid headlines never bothered the guy .
tr	NN	The chasm looked like the inside of a massive column .
tr	NN	" My friend Sookie has some information that she shared with me .
tr	NN	My schedule is too full . "
tr	NNS	There were other races armed and uniformed but Vain Glory did not recognize them .
tr	NN	Perhaps exercise would clear his head and make him see what he should do .
tr	NNS	" Maybe the drinks should too .
tr	NNS	But the main objects of our attention were roads and highways .
tr	NNS	A few pilgrims walked passed them , up the trail flanked by sand dunes and sea grasses .
tr	NN	The stench of an old -- though hardly unclean -- man filled my nostrils .
tr	NNS	Male gorillas first developed a spot of gray above each ear , and as the years passed more body hair turned gray .
tr	NNS	Their great sails fluttered and snapped , tacking the coastal breeze .
tr	NN	Lately , the sparkle in Dare 's gaze had been genuine , no longer a cover for old pain and guilt .
tr	NNS	Certainly there were rival factions within the Church , just as there were in any large realm or organization .
tr	NNS	( exits down center into audience .
tr	NN	Only the core of Ryan 's selected scientists from over the years , thirty-six very clever men and women , attended the second meeting .
tr	NNS	Wesley 's African delegation was badly shaken , their high hopes shattered but they all survived .
tr	NNS	Things have changed in the last few days .
tr	NNS	In any case , elves are lucky , just like some dwarves who are always lucky ! "
tr	NN	The mob would attack .
tr	NNS	His footsteps were light as they echoed down the short hall , and then his bedroom door clicked closed .
tr	NNS	Abruptly , more shots exploded , shook the walls .
tr	NNS	Myles raised one hand against the glare of the sun .
tr	NN	The bastard came after my mother with an aluminum baseball bat and cracked her skull .
tr	NN	His agitation was understandable .
tr	NNS	Chopper blades stirred a cloudy void waiting to swallow him , and his partner as well .
tr	NN	Its absence , along with mine , must have filled in a lot of the blanks for her , on what really went down at school .
tr	NNS	" How are the tickets for this game ? "
tr	NNS	There were two suits on the wall .
tr	NN	The click of the door that a footman closed behind her seemed to signal the end of Ainsley 's old life .
tr	NNS	" There are some losses we never get over . "
tr	NN	If he rolled left or right , the leopard would correct its course and pounce .
tr	NNS	My colors were silver and blue ; I shared a color with Luke : blue .
tr	NN	The dimple in her left cheek was a sign she was deliberately toying with my interest .
tr	NNS	The triangles on top were narrow , and though the back was not quite a thong , it was close .
tr	NN	Stil , I know now and so should the British government .
tr	NN	" Seems to me a newcomer to the community has as much right to apply for this job as someone who lives nearby . "
tr	NNS	Her pupils spread wide as she shook her head .
tr	NN	But there was a lane directly across from me .
tr	NNS	The elves and the faeries was one thing , but seeing angels up close took his breath away .
tr	NN	His commander stepped through the haze , his black hair askew , his robe dirty , torn and speckled with blood .
tr	NN	The fountain machinery creaked to life , clanking and groaning .
tr	NNS	Marius stood twenty feet away , on the other side of the room .
tr	NN	As we shut the kitchen door behind us , there is a loud crash of glass and the sound of something thud to the ground .
tr	NNS	From what he 'd observed , their abilities never turned against them although it was always a possibility with their strength .
tr	NNS	Major political figures addressed these young men and women .
tr	NNS	Destroying dark creatures are an exception because their sole purpose is to destroy life .
tr	NN	The bearded hunter began to ponder about tattoos and the ability to focus .
tr	NN	The knight is alive , at least for now .
tr	NN	A maelstrom of visions and senses engulfed me .
tr	NN	" Link didn 't put me up to anything .
tr	NN	The other implication was even more offensive .
tr	NNS	Sirens were never good news .
tr	NNS	The twins continued their thin treble wails of distress but remained inside their respective baskets .
tr	NN	The sedative market as a whole continued on , unscathed .
tr	NN	What a rebel he was .
tr	NNS	His kisses moved down to her neck and then lower .
tr	NNS	His robotic movements merely mimicked the motions he had done for so many years .
tr	NNS	Perfect cheekbones framed a perfect nose .
tr	NN	" The bullet 's still inside her .
tr	NN	There was no hesitation as I took a deep breath and threw my body forward .
tr	NNS	Others , like him , had chosen to believe that they could come through the other side .
tr	NN	A tremendous clang sounds , like a hammer hitting an anvil , and the man 's grip holds true while the sword is launched backward .
tr	NNS	The suns rose low in the west .
tr	NN	His fervor took root in the form of dread .
tr	NN	The bounty hunter leaps past with a well-timed spring , hits the stone floor with his hands , and tucks into a neat roll .
tr	NNS	Chapter Three My parents ' urgent whispers , coming from the kitchen , wrench me from sleep .
tr	NN	Her career was about to take an exciting change of direction .
tr	NN	This option had worked out better for both sides .
tr	NN	My master 's . "
tr	NNS	The members of the Tiny Mind Committee ducked and leaned out of his line of fire .
tr	NN	For them , the purity and beauty his planet once stood for was only a fading memory .
tr	NNS	Paper trails were a bitch , and yeah , witches tracked that kind of thing .
tr	NNS	But like I said , there are other explanations as well . "
tr	NN	Love knew that one all too well .
tr	NN	And in the past , your particular glamour aura only shifts that way when you have spoken about the Iron Queen . "
tr	NN	This all didn ´ t just happen by accident .
tr	NNS	The different creatures all intermingled recklessly .
tr	NN	From there , instinct was all I had .
tr	NN	Maybe again my language fails me , for easy implies far too much - even in my own mind .
tr	NNS	Fuzzy images began to flood my mind .
tr	NNS	" The first letters are the same .
tr	NN	A fine layer of dust attested to how long she 'd been away .
tr	NN	The approval of one 's own conscience is a very heady draught ; and specially for those who are not accustomed to it .
tr	NNS	The man shook his head , " nay lad , the competitors will have studied the sword since birth .
tr	NNS	Looks like we 've got some early mornings ahead of us . "
tr	NNS	And the jewels would probably fall off by third period .
tr	NNS	Lots of dyes contain chemicals that fluoresce .
tr	NN	Theo 's theory on rendezvous of any sort was that something unexpected always happened .
tr	NN	He actual y went while the rest of them were finishing breakfast .
tr	NNS	Roger 's footsteps grew louder ; at one point it seemed as if he bumped into a wall or a door .
tr	NNS	But like always , his kisses make me forget my confusion .
tr	NNS	" Things are going to start looking up .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids flew up .
tr	NN	Some petty bitch sees a male she wants and goes after him in one way or another .
tr	NNS	Agents worked on the top two floors , and the bottom floor was occupied by the secretaries .
tr	NN	The floor 's design allowed Bill a 360-degree walking view of the operations below .
tr	NN	The dragon flew on .
tr	NNS	Three quick blasts came back at him .
tr	NN	The lovely Italian vixen then retrieved an envelope from her purse .
tr	NNS	" You 're beautiful , " Benjamin murmurs , his hazel eyes on me .
tr	NNS	" So where are the Alabama coaches ? "
tr	NNS	If the creature knocks over the elixir , the seats will fly into the air and cast the citizens to their death . "
tr	NN	Her instinct was to push back , walk away , get out of this before he really hurt her .
tr	NN	Love ( and the other L word ) were no excuse , and she deserved to hear that .
tr	NNS	The members all traded with each other to get things they wanted .
tr	NNS	The elves had been dragging their feet .
tr	NN	" What 's my status ?
tr	NN	The full frontal assault has never failed me before , and I was at a loss .
tr	NN	This strange warrior had killed or wounded six of them , nearly half their warriors , in the span of a few minutes .
tr	NN	The loft seemed different somehow .
tr	NNS	No roads or trails for ground transport traversed the Mt. Erebus forest .
tr	NN	The pot hit the wall next to the archway and fell to the floor .
tr	NNS	Suddenly the clients don 't seem so frightening .
tr	NN	The last neighbor left less than an hour ago , patting her arm and telling her how much her gran would be missed .
tr	NNS	All her classmates , even Billy , were attending to the wounded .
tr	NNS	The gossip rags are holding her up for ridicule and the radio stations are running contests about why she ran .
tr	NN	The recognition that he wasn 't , in fact , omnipotent , as everyone seemed to think he was , offered her some small measure of reassurance .
tr	NN	His uncle strode into the office , security on his heels but always ten paces behind .
tr	NN	A deafening rumble echoed all around them and dust billowed up and choked the gorge .
tr	NNS	Is there something magical about turning eighteen ?
tr	NNS	his voice breaks and the words come out as a high-pitched croak .
tr	NNS	Looks like you saw a ghost . "
tr	NNS	He was a solid man with greying hair , goggles tucked into the pocket of his shirt .
tr	NNS	The seas are now going east and it is you who will be swept away .
tr	NN	This gentleman was a farmer that sold his farm somewhere East , and bought an apartment in town .
tr	NNS	With each step , my surroundings change , and I have to shift my illusion to change with it .
tr	NNS	There was no moss on the telephone poles and no spiders building webs , so I couldn 't know north or south .
tr	NN	" Morning breath . "
tr	NN	This night , a revolution of a different type was occurring .
tr	NNS	Raging winds threatened to send high waves even further inland .
tr	NN	You don , t look sick to me , by the way .
tr	NN	The racket they made while they smashed up the house was .
tr	NNS	Words caught in her throat the moment her eyes fell on him .
tr	NN	After separating them and making sure that they were ready to fight , the referee let the match continue .
tr	NN	14 Michigan SHE continued on to Detroit .
tr	NNS	Only the werewolves know where they 're buried .
tr	NN	Why are all these masks winking ? "
tr	NN	The hunger that has been gnawing at me since she walked in flares .
tr	NNS	The villagers protect him in some sort of odd way , but he also looks out for them .
tr	NNS	Things like that . "
tr	NNS	The Others looked at humans and did not see conquerors .
tr	NN	" The bike , " he said , crossing his arms over his chest and narrowing his eyes on me .
tr	NN	" Marry her , " his employer repeated .
tr	NN	Her release was so intense she felt as if she were breaking apart .
tr	NN	A sob shook my body , and I dropped to the ground .
tr	NN	His tail began to wag .
tr	NN	Chloe 's diary sits nestled between the two of them , opened .
tr	NN	My best mate was a horse .
tr	NNS	There were some crude characters scratched into the bronze , or into the mould that created it ; it was hard to say .
tr	NNS	All roads are closed .
tr	NNS	At least corporate spies aren 't inclined to cut your fingers or remove all your teeth . "
tr	NNS	Last I heard on the news , the courts are making an example out of him .
tr	NN	A spotlight illuminated the top and center of the staircase on the second floor , and Madeline made her grand entrance .
tr	NN	The suitcase was large and heavy , as she didn 't know for how long she would be gone .
tr	NNS	The two immortals evaluated each other .
tr	NN	His Mustang headed toward Lucinda 's place on Polk Street .
tr	NNS	The warriors sat together , making comments on the days past and the days ahead .
tr	NNS	His thumbs brushed against her backside , drawing over the tender flesh at her center and Savannah 's breathing hitched .
tr	NNS	Within the limits of video resolution , the two figures appeared to be identical in every respect .
tr	NN	A radio transmitter in my possession has the capacity to disarm or to trigger the device .
tr	NN	A siren from the ambulance room sounded , covering up any response I might have heard .
tr	NNS	The wooden floors were wet from the traffic and sagged from years of use .
tr	NNS	My prints are on file with the Immigration guys . "
tr	NNS	Words stumbled over each other in lame vainglory .
tr	NNS	A few drops slid horizontally before falling to the ground .
tr	NNS	The two pairs of boots turned and walked away .
tr	NNS	The tall letters had graffiti covering them from artists and vandals over the years and their work only added to the mess .
tr	NNS	The drinks arrived , the waitress giving him the once over twice .
tr	NNS	Words , of course , that brought his brow dropping low once more so that he scowled all over again .
tr	NN	One I ´ ll never forget .
tr	NN	The concierge shows Derrick where he can keep the luggage until our departure .
tr	NN	What was your intent when you and I were in each other 's arms in your bedroom ?
tr	NN	The dread that soaked the air did not seem to affect Alcide .
tr	NN	Probably from freezers going bad that contained my favorite vice , ice cream , Chunky Monkey to be exact .
tr	NN	There , framed by the flames of death was a squad of three men in red uniforms .
tr	NN	* * Tristan watched the sergeant from Communications leave the room .
tr	NNS	The special bulbs burned out quickly , after maybe ten shots . "
tr	NNS	As did the visits .
tr	NN	My hunger begins to roil and beg for nourishment .
tr	NNS	The blasts had damaged the engine .
tr	NN	Was this dwarf for real ?
tr	NNS	" The legends say the path to the crown is perilous .
tr	NN	At the end of the cord was a tiny noose , and at the end of the noose , a monkey wearing a brocade vest .
tr	NNS	Things were blurry and tough to look at for long .
tr	NN	The clamor seemed to echo the muddled state of my mind .
tr	NN	A tremor shook underfoot , and a geyser of superheated water and steam jetted into the night sky , accompanied by a sonorous roar .
tr	NN	A tremor raced through him .
tr	NN	Slowly , the uncertainty left Bonnie 's face , and she nodded .
tr	NN	" Yes ... " A twig snapped behind Greg .
tr	NN	The pitch and roll beneath me had to be waves , which meant I was on a boat .
tr	NN	Too much damage from the drug use that had ravaged her body .
tr	NN	Ship 's captain said I 'd find you here .
tr	NNS	Gage presses out a sigh , and the night lights up with his vaporous sadness .
tr	NNS	The butterflies in my chest betray my nervousness , " what do I do ? "
tr	NNS	Reyes lifted his own gun .
tr	NN	The Marks ' hierarchy started at the bottom with the newbies and topped off with Alec , the original and most badass Mark of them all .
tr	NNS	" The very workings of their bodies are magic , Meredith .
tr	NN	Her pulse pounded in several places throughout her body .
tr	NN	" Throw her on the bed , " ordered the leader as he followed in the larger man carrying the girl .
tr	NNS	So if he was in those tunnels , chances were high that so were her stupid , stupid cousins .
tr	NNS	But once the newness faded , an emptiness grew .
tr	NN	That conflict had deprived him of one lung , which was why he now labored with each breath .
tr	NN	" The literature reports only on four previously that died of natural causes , and we - " " Natural causes ? "
tr	NNS	Right now authorities have more questions than they have answers .
tr	NNS	The depths of the forest were ominous and had secrets hidden under each tree and danger lurking behind each bush .
tr	NNS	Family courts with kids aren 't something I agree to deal with .
tr	NNS	The pillows that once adorned the sofa were now all around the room .
tr	NN	Emerald liquid splashed from the spout to the basin , giving off a fruity scent .
tr	NN	All that mattered was doing my job well .
tr	NNS	Cars huddled around late night restaurants and bars .
tr	NN	The shell 's control panel was basically a belt of innumerable gadgets , circuits , and microcomputers .
tr	NNS	My captives did so and stood trembling slightly in the ever present wind .
tr	NN	" An arrest is still going to add weight when he goes before the judge .
tr	NN	The police sergeant dropped to his knees beside the little clergyman 's still and crumpled form , and let out a brief , quiet , keening moan .
tr	NNS	Her predictions are right about half the time - which is quite remarkable .
tr	NN	The black haze engulfed me as it had on the surface .
tr	NNS	" Yeah , all my patrons have decided it best to stay home instead of going out in the storm .
tr	NNS	As she stepped back , two cats came running through the kitchen , chasing each other .
tr	NNS	Nicodemus watched me , eyes steady , his knife hand perfectly still .
tr	NNS	Others shouted : " Beat the bastard !
tr	NN	At the base of the statue , there was a plaque that listed the names of all the fallen marines .
tr	NNS	Girls are weird like that .
tr	NN	There is no fanfare when I walk away from New Terra , when I climb the ramp and run toward the cockpit .
tr	NN	My grandmother didn 't even come to my mom 's funeral .
tr	NN	Instantly , specialised spy software started installing itself on the mobile .
tr	NN	His momentum was strong enough to knock the cop to the ground .
tr	NNS	her grandparents looked at each other and she could feel her mother shudder as she was braiding Sophie 's hair .
tr	NNS	" In the meantime , the guest quarters will be fine , Sally .
tr	NNS	Looks like Kitten 's about to kill him . "
tr	NN	Sweet Dove turned to him and smiled .
tr	NN	The hatch at the far end slowly opened .
tr	NN	" The software is still working at enhancing the image , but I thought you 'd want to see this right away . "
tr	NNS	You 'll have to send someone else anyway , there are more new realities than there are of us . "
tr	NN	College football scouts going to be sniffing around you this year .
tr	NNS	It was a smile that held a thousand fireside chats , a hundred dozen questions asked and answered , endless lifetimes of knowledge collected and remembered .
tr	NN	Soft candlelight had the fairies ' shimmering bodies sparkling in the twilight .
tr	NNS	The last few inches of his page remained conspicuously blank .
tr	NN	Contact with the jurors of any type or manner would result in stiff sanctions , monetary penalties , maybe a mistrial , perhaps disbarment and death .
tr	NN	There was a cheap DVD player sitting on top of it , but almost everything else small enough to carry was gone .
tr	NNS	There weren 't cameras hidden there any longer .
tr	NNS	" No , the pills helped . "
tr	NNS	Words danced to life on the page like leaves falling from trees and caught on a breeze .
tr	NN	Nay , ' t is more 'n an order . '
tr	NNS	There are other shifters missing .
tr	NN	A street cleaner in green coveralls moved past them , pushing his dumpster cart , picking up stray bullfight handbills , discarded maps and tour brochures .
tr	NN	Usually the explanation of how to create a wormhole requires the invocation of a black hole .
tr	NNS	Even her new friend Georgia was flying .
tr	NN	That living Seventh Child shall seek to inherit the Kingdom of the Veil , and should he claim his right , all your strength shall fail .
tr	NN	That Louisiana squirrel has disobeyed my orders ! "
tr	NNS	Valerius wiped the blood from his lips .
tr	NNS	Gramps is staring at the untouched pie .
tr	NN	What reason would the equipment halt ?
tr	NNS	The sirens of the patrol cars were now slicing up the night with their shrill pulsing wails .
tr	NNS	Thirsty visitors could care less that he hadn 't made a dent in his paperwork nor should they .
tr	NN	The stench of death was like a cloud about him .
tr	NN	Maybe a little irritating for Mom to listen to , but I figured she 'd forgive me .
tr	NN	" By the way , there 's a suitcase in the back of the car .
tr	NNS	Car horns blared and a few pedestrians shook fists at the massive vehicle .
tr	NN	His lantern shattered against the floor , spilling flaming oil into the room .
tr	NN	When these deliveries had finished , a small dragon flew down the gorge towards them , with many baskets slung over its shoulders .
tr	NN	The sheriff swore and jerked his gun toward Gunner .
tr	NN	Her guilt and fear now fed her wild , exhaustive sessions of study .
tr	NNS	" Certainly the coaches wouldn 't be stupid enough to whisper terrible things into boys ' ears just to see if they 'd do them .
tr	NNS	Barrister 's bookshelves lined the wall , lined with antique volumes .
tr	NN	Out of the shadows there , something indistinct took shape .
tr	NN	She careful y dabbed under my eyes .
tr	NNS	Others stood their ground and raised their cellphone cameras to record what was obviously a looming disaster .
tr	NNS	" How have the new batteries been working out for you , Madeline ? "
tr	NN	Their prey had never been this foolish .
tr	NN	" Money , " the taller rogue managed to choke out .
tr	NNS	Moses moaned in dismay .
tr	NNS	" Pick any seat you want , fellas , " the driver said , grinning at their surprise .
tr	NNS	" Even if you kill them , " Robin says , " the other Sentinels will realize they 're missing .
tr	NNS	The twins dragged themselves to the sink , both sets of eyes glaring at him .
tr	NN	The assembly burst into applause .
tr	NN	The cowboy was rummaging through the Undertaker Man 's pockets .
tr	NN	The priest looked at him .
tr	NNS	There are a few bars on the route and I thought that I would quench my thirst with a beer or two . "
tr	NN	Some time later , her appetite reminded her that it was time to eat something .
tr	NN	And he couldn , t really hope for that creature to come either .
tr	NN	Again the spider hit the pinpoint .
tr	NNS	Marius found he couldn 't take his eyes off this one .
tr	NN	The landing was like landing on a mattress with just a little swish and push down , then a small spring up and stop .
tr	NNS	Alexis was not about making a scene or embarrassing Xavier , but that 's what Anthony was thriving for .
tr	NN	" The wording is usually reversed .
tr	NNS	Her tits were shaking all over the place as she begged me to suck them .
tr	NN	A small sob escaped her as she reluctantly released him and stepped away .
tr	NNS	Looks like I won 't be able to cover the whole surface of the Hab with fertile soil .
tr	NN	Her hatred of him and his father was too great .
tr	NNS	Myles hoped he was better at farming than softball .
tr	NN	Not only was the limb flimsy , but the weight of the cat sent the tops of the trees swaying .
tr	NNS	Her long blond locks swayed from side to side , brushing against her back and her short pleated skirt .
tr	NN	After Preston explained his previous use of the range , the sergeant seemed quite interested in a conversation .
tr	NN	The ice shivered and tiny cracks radiated through the surface as more blows shook the gate .
tr	NNS	Where were the fathers who ought to be molding them into true men ?
tr	NNS	Band members get two free tickets , and you 're one of the lucky recipients . "
tr	NN	The pup wandered out of her line of sight .
tr	NN	Her determination was inspiring and sexy .
tr	NNS	Things got loud and aggravating , and the whole time , her heart hurt .
tr	NNS	Looks like I 've found me own slice of it . "
tr	NN	" A little personality challenged , but okay . "
tr	NNS	The first two items didn 't count , they were already hers , she thought , but the rest she had earned .
tr	NN	The pirate captain stood beside John , close enough to know that John was overcome with emotion , but he didn 't seem to notice .
tr	NN	Part of him hoped she 'd follow him , beg him to come back in so they could work things out .
tr	NN	The guilt was like a constant dull ache in my chest when I was with him .
tr	NN	Which would the old seer have expected him to pick ?
tr	NNS	" The designers never programmed it in here -- it 's just a bunch of random data and programs that somehow formed a world . "
tr	NN	She had just arrived , her black suitcase unpacked in the corner .
tr	NNS	Things will get brighter , though .
tr	NN	Perhaps , for example , an adult 's theatre .
tr	NNS	Just a couple of years earlier , movies portraying life in a post-apocalyptic world had been quite popular .
tr	NN	An antique armoire adorned the wall next to the door , and an exquisite table graced the middle of the room .
tr	NN	A shelf fall ahead of me .
tr	NNS	The ghosts left Dan alone that night .
tr	NNS	The drugs and alcohol have left marks on his skin , on everything , even the way he moves , all slow motion .
tr	NNS	With a flapping of their mighty wings , both magical creatures took to the air .
tr	NNS	" There 're iron chains on the walls for some strange reason .
tr	NN	The regime was struggling to stay in power .
tr	NNS	The dresses are hot , especially the sexy librarian thing and don 't get me started on the heels . "
tr	NNS	Things get better when you make them better . "
tr	NN	His fur was a reddish color , with black points and black stripe along the ridge of his back .
tr	NN	If someone did something shitty to me , my first instinct would be to create a petition against the injustice of that act in Change.org .
tr	NN	The castle sat on the side of a cliff overlooking the Hudson River .
tr	NN	The tradition mating ritual will be next sun when I 'm eighteen .
tr	NN	' The follower isn 't a man . '
tr	NN	His partner reached the canal and stopped .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flare and he blinks .
tr	NNS	Only a few servants were up and around , for which I was grateful .
tr	NN	Jazz is straightening out the mess .
tr	NN	The next unit bowed .
tr	NN	That range of emotions was exhausting , and she wasn 't sure where she wanted their relationship to go from here .
tr	NNS	Officials filed lengthy and confusing paperwork when asked to provide evidence and wouldn 't be interviewed by reporters .
tr	NN	My hood is up .
tr	NNS	The batteries were weak , but it would shine enough light to let him see where he was going .
tr	NNS	Your companions have paid the price . "
tr	NN	In the background , there was a soft but menacing growl .
tr	NNS	" There are no guarantees we 'll ever have children . "
tr	NN	A glint of sunlight on glass told him Paul was peering back at him with binoculars .
tr	NNS	Nicodemus was not too important to add his own cream , no sugar .
tr	NN	The band 's lack of new music worried me .
tr	NNS	His high cheekbones appeared to be polished , so tight was his skin .
tr	NN	The seating chart assigned Ava to Table 10 .
tr	NN	A broken-down cart sat in the muddy yard , and rusting tools lay wherever their owner had discarded them .
tr	NN	And the miracle progeny ? "
tr	NN	The conviction of my epiphany was still strong .
tr	NN	This sentence terrified him .
tr	NNS	Moses tried to drop the baggie again but it was too late for that .
tr	NNS	" The fireworks are going to start in like ten minutes .
tr	NN	The term used to mean leaving or being away from the planet .
tr	NN	In fact , the entire settlement seemed deserted .
tr	NN	There was a benefit to having small rooms : they cooled off quickly .
tr	NNS	Vin 's instincts made her tense .
tr	NNS	Little bits of snow continue to fall , but they 're smaller now .
tr	NNS	Others were crowding closer .
tr	NN	His grin was so wide , his scar disappeared into his cheek .
tr	NN	The attorney sighed and leaned back in her leather chair .
tr	NNS	The gusts of wind came stronger and more furious by the minute until it felt like the entire contents of the beach were lodged in my hair .
tr	NN	The captain came out of a small hut and spoke to the guard .
tr	NN	" The government 's attempt to educate the masses . "
tr	NNS	Chills slid up Lydia 's spine .
tr	NN	Staring in his feet and legs , creeping upward until there was nothing .
tr	NNS	Individual screens slide up from the table , the lights dim slightly , and a hush falls over the room .
tr	NNS	" Whole wheat pancakes , blueberry sauce , and a side of turkey sausage , please . "
tr	NN	Zack , taken aback by her scream started more slowly .
tr	NNS	Mapuche poets instead write about the confusion , the diversity , and the dynamism of their environment . "
tr	NN	His one condition is that you don 't tell anyone the child is his .
tr	NNS	Not six inches away from his face was one of the nurses .
tr	NN	The range was relatively quiet and it didn 't take long to realize that she was the only woman there .
tr	NNS	Massive chandeliers of sparkling crystal dangled above the sea of demons , all staring curiously back at Zoe .
tr	NNS	Then , if she was not very careful , the suggestions would come .
tr	NNS	Their footsteps echoed in the wide expanse of the lobby .
tr	NN	The landing leads into a wide room with a floor of glass and my stomach trips over itself .
tr	NN	" No yelling , and none of them got away . "
tr	NN	That bitch has her claws out and she 's ready to sink them into your flesh .
tr	NN	A real big favor , " the older man muttered under his breath before trying to help him out of his seat again .
tr	NN	The old immaculately dressed man looked on forlornly as the workers filed out in long lines under the shrill background of the factory whistle .
tr	NN	The gleam in Naz 's eyes had twisted into a frenzied , focused hatred .
tr	NN	" What 's the route ? "
tr	NN	The throbbing in David 's head woke him .
tr	NNS	The burns ran all the way up to his shoulder , disappearing beneath his shirt , though she knew that they would also be there .
tr	NNS	The flakes were wavy and irregular , but they were as sharp as broken glass and quite sufficient to cut the hemp .
tr	NNS	The negotiations seemed to be polite but tense , then suddenly there was a handshake and Franco snapped his fingers at the waiter .
tr	NNS	Glowing globes spaced about the chamber provided steady luminance .
tr	NN	" Well ... " Her blush deepened .
tr	NN	" He 'll turn up , " the policeman said .
tr	NNS	Things were going to be like they were before .
tr	NNS	The targets within Coalition space and the lines appeared on the map .
tr	NN	' How great was that video ? '
tr	NN	But my therapist had an alternative proposal ; he would refrain from contacting the police because he thought I could be " cured " .
tr	NNS	Did the runes give them superhuman strength ?
tr	NNS	The wood floors could do with a new coat of varnish . "
tr	NNS	The tentacles fought him for possession .
tr	NN	The bullet swung her around , and sent her skidding down the incline to his left .
tr	NNS	" Her letters kept me alive over there .
tr	NNS	Words could not have explained my feelings .
tr	NNS	shouts Dredd into my face .
tr	NNS	The wipers continued to beat across the windshield .
tr	NNS	Eva 's visits were the only good thing left in her life , the only hour all week to which she looked forward .
tr	NNS	" These eggs are unbelievable .
tr	NN	A self-conscious giggle left her , and she looked up at me with a blush kissing her cheeks .
tr	NN	Psychic lightning set Hell 's twilight sky on fire .
tr	NN	A wicked gleam filled his gaze .
tr	NN	There was an opened tin of spaghetti hoops .
tr	NN	The captain nodded and said , " We will give this strategy a try . "
tr	NN	After a few passes the kitten pounced and attacked .
tr	NN	" Two porcelain fillings .
tr	NN	Even on a weeknight , the main strip was seething with neon light and fake tan .
tr	NNS	As her shiny , marble black eyes blinked repeatedly , tear fluids filled them again .
tr	NNS	" Their ancestors knew .
tr	NNS	Maybe our calculations were always off .
tr	NN	There was a rustle .
tr	NN	A black dragon emerged from Ginger 's body , flames burning through its body .
tr	NNS	Others sneered at him , and some felt an outright contempt .
tr	NNS	The still figures in the bottle disappeared .
tr	NN	Dropping out of the lab ceiling , two gravity tether emitters fire sizzling blue energy chains at Red .
tr	NN	In the moment , the toxic gas began to enter the room in small amounts .
tr	NN	" What was this venture backing ? "
tr	NN	Yuri 's government had known this all along .
tr	NNS	Under the circumstances , your actions did not break Special Ops protocol . "
tr	NN	Their leader must have been a real soldier looking for advancement and any rewards that went with it .
tr	NN	His manner and tone clearly indicated he believed such a thing to be a failing for angels and demons .
tr	NNS	Her hopes dashed but she had no one to blame but herself .
tr	NNS	The white cat stood above it , jaws gaping inches from the vulnerable black throat .
tr	NNS	My movements are efficient as I shrug into my gear .
tr	NN	Then the concierge unlocked her suite door , and she 'd stared at it once again , reminded of just how different Callie 's life had become .
tr	NNS	Thoughts like , why does his past not scare me more than it does ?
tr	NNS	The facts got hazy from there .
tr	NN	The thug swayed slightly and Jordan gave him an impatient shove that sent him staggering down the path , with Jordan behind him .
tr	NN	A glint of annoyance showed in his eyes .
tr	NNS	Despite the crowded parking lot , few patrons were inside .
tr	NN	' It 's more of a calling , ' Prophet said .
tr	NN	Some paint had peeled and flaked to reveal bolder colors hidden beneath , peeks at happier times .
tr	NNS	Most noticeable , though , was the teasing grin playing about her lips .
tr	NN	Love doesn 't come and go .
tr	NNS	I decided to make scrambled eggs , bacon , toast , and a bowl of fresh fruit .
tr	NNS	There were six possibilities and so Levi typed in the first address provided by DS Scott from Scotland Yard .
tr	NN	Nick 's partner joined them , brushing against Nick 's shoulder .
tr	NNS	Others , like Michael , had to struggle to survive .
tr	NNS	Small objects often went missing , never to be found again .
tr	NNS	Her brightly colored fingernails waved us along .
tr	NNS	The two characters Tom had spoken of were standing on either side .
tr	NN	Perhaps the warrior would reconsider .
tr	NNS	Waves surged over her feet , soaking her shoes .
tr	NN	My daddy works there .
tr	NN	The mystery caller did not show .
tr	NNS	If it makes you feel better , even the ogres have to be wary when they come through these hills .
tr	NN	The slender limb was bent and angled outward .
tr	NN	When Heart of the People awoke , Mountain Song led the drummer to witness Kane at work .
tr	NNS	How much is classes ? "
tr	NNS	Their efforts would be at a loss as there were none that could match the radiance of my mother in all her splendor .
tr	NNS	Not that the drugs or the diseases or the booze would affect him .
tr	NN	A flashlight is bouncing around in a darker area of the garage .
tr	NN	" Maybe one werewolf will be as good as another , and at least with him , I 'll be sure he isn 't on drugs . "
tr	NNS	" Things aren 't going so well ? "
tr	NN	A crash in the living room awoke Liz from her light slumber .
tr	NN	His vertigo morphed into a splitting headache .
tr	NNS	The cousins shouldn 't have appeared before the parents of the captured girl but their attempt to console these simple and kind people had been extremely touching .
tr	NN	A chuckle followed Tammy 's question .
tr	NNS	" For one thing , our priorities never seemed to align .
tr	NNS	Vivid images of what she turned in to flashed through her mind .
tr	NN	" She ' l tel you anything you want to know , " the redhead growled .
tr	NNS	The raw materials have to be here for the factory to make new cats .
tr	NNS	Small oranges were growing on some of the trees .
tr	NNS	The creatures of the Wasteland are part snake , and their fangs are venomous .
tr	NN	" We provided your mother with an escort home this evening , " the leader said in an unhurried tone that matched Victoria 's .
tr	NNS	The overturned mattress slumped against the small nightstand .
tr	NNS	Questions like , " Are you still shopping around for a ring ? "
tr	NNS	No witnesses of course , just like the last time .
tr	NN	Jordan 's grandmother turned to squint at her .
tr	NN	the homicide investigator asked , as she hugged us , starting with a very delighted Jenny .
tr	NN	The steam started to collect under the ceiling making hot , damp little clouds .
tr	NN	" I hate ' t is morning already . "
tr	NN	There was a large glass tank sitting inside the window , and a small animal lying on its back in the sun .
tr	NN	Her dowry does pose a perfect solution to my problems , but at least I would try to love her , whereas you would destroy her . "
tr	NNS	There were boards on the windows , a rough patch on the roof .
tr	NNS	Both losses had been blows to my mother .
tr	NN	A bigger than life-size sculpted troll rising from the underworld clutching a Volkswagen Beetle , located beneath the George Washington Bridge in Fremont .
tr	NNS	Names of individuals and companies used in the book , unless historical fact , are pure fiction .
tr	NN	" My birth mother .
tr	NNS	He was wearing ragged brown clothing , ripped in places , his loose trousers tied at the waist by a simple rope .
tr	NNS	Zack 's eyelids snapped open .
tr	NN	" The squad wants me to give Chris Townsend a chance . "
tr	NNS	Just remember , fairy tales do happen .
tr	NNS	Sadness settled over her like a cold , wet blanket .
tr	NNS	The membrane fans folded behind the creature 's head , and it looked back at the other two who were currently investigating their own team members .
tr	NNS	" Things are sliding downhill around here , and they 're liable to get worse .
tr	NN	An audience had formed across the street , and I was sure the cops would be there any moment to arrest them both .
tr	NNS	Lots of them , and they don 't look anything like a bunch of old movie stars , either .
tr	NN	The assembly waited in breathless anticipation for the unveiling .
tr	NNS	There were changes here , too .
tr	NNS	Things I saw , in person or on the tape .
tr	NNS	Questions were in danger of being asked in the House .
tr	NNS	There are no bearings and I can 't tell which way is up .
tr	NNS	Doors led from the kitchen to the bedrooms and the pantry .
tr	NN	Even outside the room , the stench was gagging .
tr	NN	The liquid wasn 't just blood .
tr	NNS	Adventure 's sails had caught the wind .
tr	NNS	A few inches to the right , where its perpetrator had aimed , and the knife could have caused untold damage .
tr	NNS	There were just too many instances where she was nonchalant about her safety .
tr	NN	And the weapon Palpatine wanted would return with destruction in his heart .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids fluttered open and she frowned .
tr	NNS	" There 's cameras and actors and everything .
tr	NN	The dragon was circling back , flying low , and as he came the moon rose above the eastern shore and silvered his great wings .
tr	NN	Part of me is begging for it .
tr	NN	Before that the principal had called the accident " willful destruction of a valuable part of our cultural heritage . "
tr	NN	My gardener put him through hell ; he blistered his hands laying new sprinklers and never complained once .
tr	NN	" What 's the arrangement ?
tr	NNS	Families spent weekends on the road , visiting campuses and talking to admissions counselors and trying to find the perfect fit .
tr	NN	My father 's chef could learn a few things from this woman , that 's for damn sure .
tr	NN	At that point , the speaking tube whistled .
tr	NN	The panel slides back into place and , after a short walk down another tunnel , we enter the hideout .
tr	NN	Your little pinky is more of a man than my father will ever be . "
tr	NN	Every nerve wanted him to press harder , to take me in any way he wanted .
tr	NNS	Those losers started to laugh and one of them was getting closer to me .
tr	NN	The stone marble traveled in a high , slow arc .
tr	NNS	" Things have been rather strange for me lately . "
tr	NNS	Reyes shook his head .
tr	NNS	All the Council members were still Council members , seemed quite happy with that fact and loved their new homes .
tr	NN	There was a certain requirement of privacy between the landholder and the government .
tr	NN	Now the upholstery would need to be cleaned again , and I 'd have to find someone to refinish the table .
tr	NN	a trio of voices screeched and then the triplets were there , hugging her , squealing like little hatchlings .
tr	NNS	One spark will ruin what she has left .
tr	NNS	My evil passions will have fled , for I shall meet with sympathy !
tr	NN	The twisting guilt in my stomach told me I deserved affection and sympathy from no one .
tr	NN	" Both Wyatt and the deputy went out to do some patrols .
tr	NNS	Cassius was shaking with rage .
tr	NNS	Our footsteps were quiet as a rat , when Scar brought me to an intersection , where most yellow lights hanged on the ceiling .
tr	NN	How is this glen possible ? "
tr	NNS	Sharp stone cliffs clawed at the sky , and towering waterfalls fell toward deep gorges .
tr	NN	No - " Another shriek turned my blood ice-cold .
tr	NN	Maybe a pattern would emerge .
tr	NN	His art wasn 't a painting a rich person could put in their living room or a sculpture for their yard .
tr	NNS	All the instincts in the world are worthless if you can 't work within the system .
tr	NN	" Come on , darling , " the drunk said .
tr	NNS	The gears churned so rapidly that any misstep by Jake or Kady could cost them a foot .
tr	NNS	When the first frost came , all the ice lizards came out , just as they had always done .
tr	NNS	His paws find softer snow or open ground , moving silently .
tr	NN	" The duke who owned this home , before Nathan appropriated it , was a suspicious old bird .
tr	NN	On the very edge , where the portrait met the wall , there was a sliver of space that hadn 't been there before .
tr	NN	" Just when I was starting not to worry about her , every waking moment . "
tr	NN	His trick was rather convincing , if I was a child that is .
tr	NNS	" My sources tell me it 's your drink of choice and that you even introduce yourself to people by comparing yourself to it .
tr	NN	' Your uncle 's still alive ?
tr	NN	- north , " the fellow choked , spewing water all over the street .
tr	NN	Author Note : I had so much fun writing this book .
tr	NN	Unless there was another reason ... , " the widow mused aloud , more to herself than to Iseo .
tr	NNS	The dark wood floors swallowed whatever sunlight came their way .
tr	NNS	Instead , as we were snaking along the edge of a cliff , the ruins materialized slowly , almost as if being casually unveiled .
tr	NN	But my goal was to head a firm , not acquire more gifts .
tr	NNS	Their kisses were slow and tender .
tr	NNS	Our tongues intertwine , exploring the unknown .
tr	NN	Her natural personality was to be emotional , yet she could be tortured and not cry out .
tr	NN	Now the Master drew his sword , eyes flaring .
tr	NN	Matt 's instinct was to panic and run , and it was triggering reflexes in Stefan 's head .
tr	NN	" No offense , Skip , but you seem to have an odd preoccupation with my footwear . "
tr	NN	The valet opened the cart and something far more diabolical than torture hardware was there .
tr	NN	Author 's Note I hope you enjoyed the dual love stories in book three of the Romance on the Ranch Series , Baby Kisses .
tr	NN	" This is Vic , " the goddess said , bending down to pick up the weapon .
tr	NNS	The seas were becoming much more disorganized as the competing harmonies intensified .
tr	NN	There was a definite lack of enthusiasm in her answer .
tr	NNS	All teachers were aware of the architectural tricks Morgan had built-in to the building .
tr	NN	Then a somewhat sharper roar came from the Wasteland , and the more awkward enemies abruptly stopped their charge and stood in place .
tr	NN	Like his old smoking habit , poker called to him and he used the vice for pleasure , not profit .
tr	NNS	Five films played nightly in the cinemas .
tr	NN	Elijah 's annoyance bled into unease .
tr	NNS	My improvements to his design will make capturing your monster a snap .
tr	NNS	Thereafter , all his relatives and friends came hunting apes through gullies , gaps and glens .
tr	NNS	" Animals don 't fear me .
tr	NNS	The hotels and condos stood quiet behind them .
tr	NNS	When they reached the front of the house cameras began flashing .
tr	NN	The mausoleum trembled , then finally shook violently as if an earthquake had struck it .
tr	NN	Back in the late fifties , and into the early sixties , Newmont 's vibrant downtown attracted shoppers and diners from all over the Connecticut River Valley .
tr	NN	" And I 'm not scared of anyone , except your mother of course , " the hooded leech spoke up .
tr	NNS	Things had changed drastically in twelve years and it was going to take a lot to get used to it .
tr	NN	When the original conspiracy was disbanded , the majority of those affiliated with it tottered off and disappeared . "
tr	NN	" A crude but simple , and definitely painful , means of transportation .
tr	NNS	A few neglected instincts were telling him that something was out of place , but he couldn 't work out what it was .
tr	NN	Her orgasm was too much for him .
tr	NN	The stake broke beneath his feet , and he broke Gabe 's neck with one twist of his wrist .
tr	NNS	" Both our efforts and some guessing , too .
tr	NNS	Sparse streetlights bathed us in dim orange , and we walked through their light pools quietly , listening to the lights hum as we passed .
tr	NN	Still the black cobra would not oblige the Lama .
tr	NNS	Daniel 's nostrils were flaring with every breath .
tr	NNS	After a few more shouts of " murder " and " dead woman " John could hold himself back no more .
tr	NNS	His bearings and strength were coming back with each passing second .
tr	NN	As it was , the soft drawl of his voice had curled around her stomach , making it flutter .
tr	NN	The rope wrapped around her leg as she was yanked forward by Zeus .
tr	NNS	Her suits hung on her because she 'd lost weight before Christmas , fighting off a serious infection .
tr	NNS	The slugs will expand to the size of mushrooms and blow a hole in you that you could put a mop handle through . "
tr	NNS	The drops congealed and ran down the glass .
tr	NNS	Billie , s e-mails said , " Warning . "
tr	NNS	Things were different when we lived in the city .
tr	NN	What an enigma she was .
tr	NN	The chaos would someday make perfect sense .
tr	NN	During that time , poison will not spread , acid will not burn , and blood will not flow .
tr	NNS	" My species measures our lives differently .
tr	NN	" This pond is all that 's left of the lake .
tr	NNS	The comforting aromas of coffee and bacon cooking greeted me .
tr	NN	The clump of food dislodged from her windpipe .
tr	NN	Every nerve in my body was on edge .
tr	NN	A vicious fighter , he only chose the battles he could win .
tr	NNS	Outside the gates were numerous beggars , pleading with tourists for pocket change ; inside were other reminders of the war that had raged for decades .
tr	NN	This eve , he 'd seen pretty women , but he had no interest in them .
tr	NN	The stadium style stoned seating sloped downward to a state of the art stage .
tr	NN	If you 'll forgive my saying so , this whole scenario seems less random than it appears . "
tr	NN	The hard tip of his penis pressed between her legs , but didn 't fully enter .
tr	NN	Thick maple beams stretched across the slanted ceiling , all natural and light .
tr	NN	Only , so much worse than his grief was the guilt that lingered .
tr	NNS	The three vamps were waiting for us .
tr	NN	My pulse picks up and I put a pleasant smile on my face as I turn to meet a clear green gaze .
tr	NN	The priest leaned back and his old chair creaked .
tr	NNS	Those zombies aren 't really trying to take over the world . "
tr	NNS	Smithy 's fingernails were mostly dirty and one or two were uncommonly long , especially his pinkie nail .
tr	NNS	The Walking Names made sure I can 't run , but I 'll be free someday .
tr	NN	" My lord , " Prefect said , " we simply seek a quick resolution to the conflict . "
tr	NN	Her whalebone corset -- pulled too tight by Harding -- was pinching her across the back .
tr	NNS	' The abilities each of you possess are equally important .
tr	NN	" So , my first tip is to stay away from my brother 's friends ? "
tr	NNS	The technicians began to punch pre-op parameters into the computer .
tr	NN	My pulse kicked up and my mouth dried .
tr	NN	A moment later there was a grunt , and the hand released him .
tr	NN	' I have an idea , ' Love said .
tr	NN	A tiny white kitten stared up at me , eyes as blue as the sky .
tr	NN	The powder had given her face a luminescent sheen , sparkling when the candlelight hit it just right .
tr	NNS	There 's some restrictions now that you aren 't aware of , but I think I can help you . "
tr	NN	" We have nothing to fear from them then , " the lieutenant said for it sounded like normal dragon behavior .
tr	NNS	" Large mining facilities , " he said .
tr	NN	The master can decide what to do with him . "
tr	NN	The leader let his machine gun dangle at his side as he grabbed Kelsey 's arm and shoved her roughly toward the opening .
tr	NN	Another tremor spun her round .
tr	NNS	July 4th , The fireworks were beyond awesome !
tr	NN	The bastard had almost cut Ryder 's head from his body .
tr	NNS	The soft murmurs of agreement broke Lily .
tr	NNS	The images were in full color , different scenes playing throughout , as though separate movie screens had been erected .
tr	NN	Beyond the parapet is a moldering staircase that was once inside the house , but is now exposed completely to the elements .
tr	NN	Every inch of skin seared like it was on fire , pleading for his touch .
tr	NN	Kul 's roar was deafening and the ensuing sand storm was the worst yet .
tr	NNS	Even the best Nephilim can 't hold out against those odds .
tr	NNS	The lands outside her home probably have triple the guard they did before . "
tr	NN	The Coast Guard pilot is watching the radar .
tr	NN	The unknown caller would soon be visiting Plant 1 .
tr	NNS	Her illustrations were phenomenal .
tr	NN	Around her the fragrance of the flowers began to take on his scent .
tr	NN	A tarp covered the fresh heap of dirt from grieving eyes .
tr	NNS	Lots of people are doing this at home , now that health insurance covers so little .
tr	NN	The werewolf husband ? "
tr	NNS	Any human villages that resisted , you leveled to the ground , and planted trees to erase the fact that they had ever existed .
tr	NN	Her casual reference to the record caught Susan by surprise .
tr	NN	But the US government can come and detain me anytime they feel like it -- if they thought I was engaging in prohibited behavior . "
tr	NNS	Or had the warriors simply disappeared as Lucien had done on several occasions ?
tr	NNS	Things haven 't even gotten nasty .
tr	NNS	Names of characters , places and events are all fictitious and any similarities to actual persons living or dead are of pure coincidence .
tr	NN	I look at the face , there is a horrific injury to the victims cheek .
tr	NNS	There are three spiral galaxies in the Local Group .
tr	NN	Didn 't the secrecy protect her more than it protected any of us ?
tr	NN	The spark of surprise slowly died in her eyes like a candle flame against a winter breeze .
tr	NNS	" You British fellas , you 're all real gentlemen . "
tr	NNS	Wooden floors stretched as far as she could see , all highly polished , under the dust and cobwebs .
tr	NN	Although Wolfe 's equipment looked professional enough , the garage setup gave the whole operation a kind of sketchy feel .
tr	NN	Leslie 's reputation for being ruthless was growing .
tr	NNS	After all , work colleges were almost certainly wondering around nearby and eagerly waiting to leap out with shocked expressions and pointed fingers of accusation .
tr	NNS	His instincts came to life , telling him to get out of there .
tr	NNS	Black objects moved in the white foam of the crashing sea .
tr	NNS	He rolled his eyes and showed me his watch again , " There are nine degrees between the big hand and the little hand .
tr	NN	The mayor brightened up .
tr	NN	That idiot took his boat and the fire will be here soon .
tr	NN	Love is not something that can be wasted . "
tr	NNS	" Please , sit , Your Highness , " Elena said .
tr	NNS	There are so many experiences , which we have for the first time and it is only our nature to be cautious of them .
tr	NN	Graham 's acknowledgment was more of a grunt .
tr	NN	" Well , there is one other option . "
tr	NN	The new pilot sticks close to Vel , shadowing him as he guides us around corners .
tr	NN	In the aggregate of over a hundred course corrections , there was method .
tr	NN	The art was to apologise just before making a move .
tr	NN	Urban exploration had become a real passion , but it was the darker places which really held his interest .
tr	NN	Again the ape had nimbly dodged the blow .
tr	NNS	At the end of every month there were Friday night drinks .
tr	NN	My fingers slide from the wall to the dresser pressed against it , leaving four shiny paths in the dust on top .
tr	NN	After gaining the right altitude each fighter selected their own target .
tr	NN	The sharp tip of betrayal stung through her .
tr	NNS	The companions followed him back to the other room and they each turned a chair towards the large tapestry .
tr	NN	His ire was palpable .
tr	NN	In a world where he had as yet only swum and walked , the fish 's progress gave the impression of quite an exhilarating speed .
tr	NN	Now a tremor swept through Danika 's slight frame .
tr	NNS	The courts would never allow it . "
tr	NNS	Damp bits of paper and black leaves skidded along the wet streets , plastering themselves to windows and bus stops and windshields .
tr	NNS	The costumes intrigued Frank , especially the colors .
tr	NN	This pseudo personality can be very deceptive not only to you , but to them as well .
tr	NNS	The door flings open and a thin man with black hair and a heavily scared face comes storming in .
tr	NNS	The symptoms are : fatigue , shortness of breath , pale skin , skin rash , dizziness , headache , prolonged bleeding from cuts . "
tr	NN	Was the contract even valid if the baby wasn 't Patrick 's ?
tr	NNS	" What do his texts from today say ? "
tr	NN	If you fight us , the coroner will simply assume injuries are from the crash .
tr	NN	The hawk , frightened into fast recovery , flew over the railing toward the meadow .
tr	NNS	The goblins were increasingly with her .
tr	NN	As she approached them the colonel stiffened and his gaze searched the ballroom , obviously looking for Captain Hilton .
tr	NNS	Then the spotlights mounted on the dozer were pointing directly at the smaller light so it vanished altogether .
tr	NN	The guilt of their deaths destroyed my father .
tr	NNS	But even with two hands , Arlen 's matchstick wrists didn 't have the strength to hold her .
tr	NN	Their loyalty was troubling .
tr	NNS	The wolves around us howled in unison and dropped to the forest floor to make their change .
tr	NNS	" Your teachers are more than understanding .
tr	NN	The sheriff rose to take his leave .
tr	NNS	Cadmus spun and when he saw where the dragon was at in relation to us , his jaw clenched .
tr	NN	The first squad on the scene terminated him and his family in one of the hotels , but was seen by a civilian .
tr	NNS	Things were under control with the rebels , but I 'd talked to enough shifters to know the mess was far from over .
tr	NN	The dragon had caught hold of her fur just above the right shoulder .
tr	NNS	The footsteps came to a halt .
tr	NNS	And then it began again , the world falling away , the axis tilted on the wrong diagonal .
tr	NN	The map was a giant flowchart that stretched the length of the lab , on giant notepads .
tr	NNS	The white vinyl seats creaked under their weight .
tr	NN	Had her uncle found her and carried her back home ?
tr	NNS	The letters shined and the leather straps were really cool .
tr	NNS	Energy jolts through my body and the ground trembles .
tr	NN	There was another option , one that none of them had brought up : that of giving up on reconciliation permanently .
tr	NNS	The fabrics were smooth and soft , materials sleek and shining .
tr	NNS	Lots of people from Portland work in the factory too . "
tr	NN	Burnett 's grimace deepened .
tr	NN	The visitor 's log is very slender .
tr	NNS	Kingdoms were on the verge of war because of me . "
tr	NNS	His companions shook their heads .
tr	NN	The wraith stilled for a second and then a low chuckle echoed down the hall a second before the locker doors flew open .
tr	NNS	A strong breeze blew from the North , as one , the warriors repeated the words .
tr	NNS	Suddenly , shouts erupted behind Krueger .
tr	NNS	The other werewolves were shifting .
tr	NNS	Those items are crucial to us . "
tr	NN	His dimple winked at me .
tr	NNS	There are narrow rows of shelves .
tr	NN	The tender searched the girl 's mind and found that she was already " good . "
tr	NNS	" Forget about crossing , " Grubbs shouts , towering over the small , slender girl .
tr	NNS	Images came into his mind of a path that led up the side of the mountain .
tr	NN	" Unfortunately , my guardian did not think it a good match .
tr	NNS	Sand fleas and flies didn 't take long to find me .
tr	NN	" Not if I can help it , " the sheriff said .
tr	NNS	Moments later , two figures emerged .
tr	NNS	Our tongues tangled and he tasted beautiful .
tr	NN	The jug skidded across the floor , came to rest against a support beam .
tr	NN	The audacity of the question makes me feel sick .
tr	NN	A hail of bullets hit him .
tr	NN	' Not here , uncle , ' I told him .
tr	NNS	The other passengers on the plane had already commandeered the two legitimate taxis that had been waiting .
tr	NN	Mom , they need to get strong too and comfortable in situations , hesitation will hurt them . "
tr	NNS	Witches often said it was the Heart Trees that held the power , not them . "
tr	NNS	" There are several renegade governments and terrorist groups that have a bounty on my head .
tr	NNS	There is no stress , there are no worries .
tr	NN	Eventual y , when I dropped my hidebound barriers , so did you young ones .
tr	NN	the tech called back .
tr	NNS	The ladies in waiting stopped beneath the balcony , batting their eyelashes at the guards .
tr	NNS	Suddenly shots sounded and the whole room became a chaotic scramble .
tr	NNS	Though I made no sound , footsteps began to echo through the house , heading in my direction .
tr	NN	But the flinch was the only thing Alexei got from him .
tr	NN	Another introduction appeared , keeping me from saying anything caustic in return .
tr	NN	More important to the ill-treated woman was the savior at her side .
tr	NNS	There are prom dresses in the window , as well as wedding and evening gowns .
tr	NN	My new coffee habit was already paying off .
tr	NNS	" Why didn 't the warriors simply act against them ? "
tr	NNS	The lands shall be rife with meat now that the winds have gone . "
tr	NN	The airport 's this way . "
tr	NN	But the harbour wasn 't quite empty .
tr	NNS	Others who were forced to watch this travesty cried out in horror , " The Saint is dead !
tr	NN	This network cannot afford to air a show like this . "
tr	NN	The familiar engine roar of Justin 's Camaro sounded behind them .
tr	NN	But Mrs. Dawson 's clothing isn 't going to fit anyone here . "
tr	NN	Although , " Michaels smirked , " I am curious to know how effective the brain tissue and memory regeneration fared .
tr	NNS	The ruins were within site now and they had to slow down .
tr	NNS	There 's also some letters I can 't read .
tr	NN	Although it was well past dinnertime , a sleepy chef entered the dining car and offered to make them something .
tr	NN	The crown dragged against the sheet as he bent down to her sex , inch by inch .
tr	NN	The cool , smooth texture of a wall behind her back startled her and she gasped .
tr	NN	" Hello the camp , " the lead commander called aloud .
tr	NN	The dragon bumped her chair with one of his talons .
tr	NNS	And so the offers started coming in .
tr	NNS	Marius grinned when she sat in his lap .
tr	NN	A blue tube slid out .
tr	NN	" The dawn will find his game restored . "
tr	NNS	Their tongues entwined , caressing , stroking .
tr	NNS	" Faithful followers , " he roars , " we 're here today to do justice !
tr	NN	" There is surveillance in the room .
tr	NNS	Angelus closed his eyes and continued the incantation .
tr	NNS	The goblins hated the eagles and feared them , but could not reach their lofty seats , or drive them from the mountains .
tr	NNS	But the cameras would also have to be arranged in space in some orderly structure , probably a sphere .
tr	NNS	But ladies never brought up sex .
tr	NNS	These items in his bedroom must have been the most important to him .
tr	NN	The black Jeep swerved in and hanging from it like orangutans escaped from the zoo were Shaun and his beasts .
tr	NNS	The sirens were close now and I could see red lights illuminating the trees in the distance .
tr	NNS	His sandals finally touched bottom and he let go of the thread rope .
tr	NNS	The little creatures become aware of it , and start leaping off Des and running toward me .
tr	NN	The map would give them directions to a cave .
tr	NN	" A gentleman does not offer money to another gentleman . "
tr	NNS	" Things will clear up soon , " he assures me , " and then I 'll make it up to you , I promise .
tr	NN	What a freaking idiot .
tr	NN	Love does not delight in evil but rejoices in the truth .
tr	NNS	More footsteps sounded , and another light approached .
tr	NN	Another coconut mushroom found its way into her mouth .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of the girl next door should have been tame , but Owen had to shut down the track his mind was on .
tr	NNS	Then footsteps approached out of the darkness ahead , out of the blackness of time .
tr	NNS	The servants quickly cleared the table and then closed the doors leaving my father and I in silence .
tr	NN	The bitch was even stronger than Mab had been .
tr	NN	The dragon has withered all the pleasant green , and anyway the night has come and it is cold .
tr	NNS	Her fingernails dug into his hand .
tr	NN	" If you turn back now , I 'll let you live , " said the kidnapper .
tr	NN	The gang leader moved for something under his coat .
tr	NNS	The torches flickered and danced as if they might go out .
tr	NNS	But now , when he needed that solace most of all , there was only this aching emptiness inside him .
tr	NNS	Big hits about parties , women , love , and learning to live .
tr	NNS	Thankfully , there were no new cases reported in India .
tr	NN	Her grandma swatted at her .
tr	NNS	Lights burst before my eyes as my head smacked against the stone wall .
tr	NNS	Things happen around them .
tr	NN	The first bullet caught me in the bicep , ripping my flesh and spinning me around .
tr	NN	A glint in his eye suggested his outrage was so great that he just wanted to burst out with it .
tr	NN	If you ring it , the townsfolk will know it 's safe . "
tr	NN	The parking garage had a gate that required a remote or a resident code to enter .
tr	NN	Her crown of golden hair , sky-blue eyes and creamy skin would make people take notice of her .
tr	NN	And as she wept over him , the dawn broke , the golden rays of the sun flooding the earth .
tr	NNS	Hands pulled Yuri off McBride and rolled him to the floor .
tr	NNS	From the ground beneath the gatehouse , little green wisps began to dance up from the dirt and sizzle together .
tr	NNS	What if my insecurities and my inability to trust him completely had pushed him away ?
tr	NNS	There was a tightness in the pit of her stomach that she knew only he could satisfy .
tr	NN	A cold , insidious weakness started to spread from his chest into his limbs .
tr	NNS	The only spots open near the road .
tr	NNS	Suddenly booted footsteps thumped down the staircase .
tr	NN	Surely there was a limit to how deep a hole could be .
tr	NNS	So long ago that few tales remained .
tr	NN	The description did nothing to help me .
tr	NN	So when his father , David , Sr. , asked him where he wanted to go for his 25th birthday , there was no hesitation .
tr	NNS	" Anything you 'd like , Your Highness , " she finally said , bowing slightly but the worried look on her face remained .
tr	NNS	The thousand spires rose around her .
tr	NNS	Jake slid out from under the car , shots rang out once more but they didn 't slow his vanishing feet as he ran towards the building .
tr	NNS	So far , the currents hadn 't changed back .
tr	NNS	This man 's kisses were a lot more potent than she 'd been willing to acknowledge .
tr	NN	Why did his master so desperately desire the creature ?
tr	NN	The captain is a bright boy but a bit of a stuffed shirt . "
tr	NNS	The captains were safe on their North Carolina estates .
tr	NN	But there 's always suffering , Pudge .
tr	NNS	With her eyes shut , various faint colours danced across her brain .
tr	NN	His condition has not changed .
tr	NN	What I 'd give to be forty years younger ... The stench hit Daniel instantly when he opened the door .
tr	NN	the plow operator said .
tr	NN	By the time she finishing packing , the faint dawn was stealing through the blinds .
tr	NN	Reynaud 's heavy black brows drew together , his midnight eyes staring as if with condemnation .
tr	NN	Could the captain , at least , be a Byzantine , among this Templar crew ?
tr	NNS	Looks like the fragment hit bone and went sideways . "
tr	NN	A faint sob escaped my throat at his words and I fought to keep the tears away .
tr	NN	The secretary excused herself with a polite nod at Jonas .
tr	NN	There was a click on the line , and then a new deep male voice spoke .
tr	NNS	Claire 's footsteps sounded on the porch .
tr	NNS	Others had enough strength to protect themselves .
tr	NNS	The gates to the Citadel opened and a large contingent of people began walking from it .
tr	NN	The creak of the porch swing I used to sit on and read magazines .
tr	NN	Their insatiable appetite for those things ancient , wondrous of this world , spread like a plague to leave the land pocked from archaeological looting .
tr	NNS	The edges of the room are getting fuzzy .
tr	NNS	Things like arrest , fines , or even worse -- they lengthened a guy 's contract once .
tr	NNS	Your fellow competitors are your forebears .
tr	NNS	All the Youth League members scrambled under the platform like a batch of terrified cockroaches , jettisoning their banner and drums without ceremony .
tr	NNS	Hot kisses and great sex are the first things that enter my mind .
tr	NNS	And there are some visitors that have been asking for you , when you 're ready . "
tr	NNS	All our ideas that we are special stem from being inward looking and seeing the world from our human perspective .
tr	NNS	The media would inform him soon enough , if he didn 't know already .
tr	NNS	Overall , not too many flakes fell in the office or on the desk .
tr	NNS	Things are different here . "
tr	NN	A new gown was waiting for me upon the bed , this one crisscrossed pink and creamy white .
tr	NNS	Moses yelled up the stairs impatiently .
tr	NN	Even my hacked tablet couldn 't stop that .
tr	NN	A delivery of nursery equipment was coming today , and he wanted plenty of men on hand to help build it up .
tr	NN	The square and paper both glowed with a mysterious green light as the wall split down the middle and opened up .
tr	NNS	The little creatures seemed to be conferring among themselves .
tr	NN	Grief and guilt consumed me .
tr	NNS	Muscles pulsed in his lean jaw .
tr	NN	More than that was the feeling of utter hopelessness , a seed planted from long ago that she could barely rise above .
tr	NNS	Things have just gotten to be so confusing , and my relationship with my mom has become extremely challenging .
tr	NNS	My potions only bring clarity .
tr	NN	He tripled in height , grew a lobster like claw out of one arm and a long octopus tentacle out of his other arm .
tr	NNS	As will eight other non-existent passengers who were said to have died when the ship sank that day . '
tr	NN	The bastard was still using silver .
tr	NN	The melody ends , and Raffaele lets the last note disappear in the air .
tr	NN	The guilt in his voice was agonizing to hear .
tr	NNS	Looks like they found their treble .
tr	NNS	The strands didn 't fade or change shape except to merge into the wood , following its contour .
tr	NN	" And how does a mountain fall down ? "
tr	NNS	The coaches looked normal enough to Vimes , and he said so .
tr	NN	Only a slightly higher pitch in his voice , made it distinguishable from the ambassador 's .
tr	NNS	" The possibilities are limitless .
tr	NN	the leader of Celsius roared .
tr	NNS	Thoughts and feelings began to tumble inside her like that rushing water beside the line .
tr	NNS	Marius bellowed and puffed out his chest .
tr	NNS	In that fleeting instance , the worries of family and mission responsibilities faded .
tr	NNS	Alexis sits in the front row , kicking one high-heeled foot back and forth , showing off bare legs even in the winter .
tr	NN	The bundle passes through a special hatch door built into the wall .
tr	NN	The man 's loyalty and determination in the face of such overwhelming odds is the most noble thing I have ever seen .
tr	NN	Still the snake didn 't take its eyes off me .
tr	NNS	Cadmus built a fire while I spread out our bedding to form pallets .
tr	NNS	Sadness was his thing now .
tr	NNS	When I open the door to the bathroom , the stalls are empty .
tr	NN	Ahead of her , the huge curved staircase rose to the second floor .
tr	NNS	Before we take off , the lovely attendants are serving rum punch .
tr	NN	His pained roar rang out over the valley .
tr	NN	Her flashlight illuminated a round chamber with a domed roof .
tr	NNS	Besides , milk persons don 't deliver honey . "
tr	NN	All that mattered was that Mitchell wanted Danny and her with him , which meant he 'd told her the truth last night about how he felt .
tr	NNS	Small , soft kisses that say so much more than I ever could .
tr	NNS	Crazy Pete 's sports bar .
tr	NN	Her pulse beat savagely against his fingertips .
tr	NN	A chorus of gripes and complaints ensued .
tr	NNS	The apartments on the other side of town were not as nice .
tr	NN	Yet , every tank I checked was functioning at peak efficiency , as though the entire system were tuned to a critical optimum .
tr	NN	There was no distinction between ceiling and floor .
tr	NN	As he placed his foot on the first stair , a rustle at the front door caused him to pause .
tr	NNS	Every day then , he added a stint in the gymnasium , his efforts always noted by Isaac .
tr	NN	No biting Cole . "
tr	NNS	The banks in Chicago would foreclose on her properties there , and she would lose all the money she had invested in the new building .
tr	NN	" What was a Bru parasol doing in her pocket then ? "
tr	NN	Then the standoff would begin .
tr	NNS	Looks like the two enjoyed my belated Christmas present to them : time alone .
tr	NN	Every vampire student stared at him with undisguised loathing .
tr	NNS	Things would change , of course .
tr	NN	The fellow stepped back to make way , pushing a button to end his call before offering a hand to Cale .
tr	NN	The prescription regiment was immediately shunned .
tr	NNS	And the images I had made in my head had swirled through my brain all day .
tr	NNS	" Good job today , ladies , " I said .
tr	NNS	" The twins were using the ax to chase the cattle , not the dogs .
tr	NN	The liquid seemed to contain all the nutrients the ships needed and was the only sustenance anyone had seen them ingest .
tr	NNS	Soldiers often don 't realize that armor can be used as a weapon , too .
tr	NNS	" All the minds floated around our world unconsciously .
tr	NN	The glowing red outline of his door turned yellow , and then the door slid open .
tr	NN	The screw kept turning .
tr	NNS	" Dogs and kids is good . "
tr	NN	The sergeant went up to the woman and , seizing her by the hair , dragged her out of Cesare 's way .
tr	NNS	Suddenly figures emerged from the dark doorway , and hands grabbed her arms more forcefully than she was accustomed to .
tr	NN	A plume of smoke gushed from the doorway , along with a savage burst of shrapnel .
tr	NNS	His actions don 't have to have anything to do with you .
tr	NNS	With one swift motion Alexis slices at Emma 's throat .
tr	NNS	Bridesmaids ' dresses are notorious for being unusable , and I 'd paid for this one as a good bridesmaid should .
tr	NNS	The tests I 've done are holding .
tr	NNS	The markings meant something .
tr	NN	A leader has to feel like they 've got something special to offer , though , and Jon felt like he did : police experience .
tr	NN	Could her bizarre scar have anything to do with his not seeing her ?
tr	NN	" It 's alright sweetie , just calm down .
tr	NNS	Romulus showed him the cover page .
tr	NNS	How much more proof is going to be necessary ? "
tr	NNS	Doors carefully locked and the alarm set , Jane waited for her meal to heat .
tr	NNS	The passengers disembarked onto the heavy planks of the island .
tr	NNS	" Crown jewels , " he said .
tr	NNS	The corset 's laces parted , and Cameron glided his hand inside her chemise and down her back .
tr	NN	" Ok , so you kind of have to have lived in Hanover your whole life to understand this .
tr	NN	The duke had discarded her clothes and jewelry , and spent the last three years ensuring that she had no life whatsoever .
tr	NNS	While she 's still in a coma , her cancer cells are apparently shrinking .
tr	NN	Even the most inexperienced murderer knew better than to leave fingerprints .
tr	NNS	In the van , the technicians watched the new image flash on the screen .
tr	NNS	" Our meetings only deteriorated thereafter .
tr	NNS	Lee 's fingernails popped holes in the plastic covering her vitamin water until the shredded wrapper peeled away .
tr	NN	Suddenly , the parking garage popped into my mind .
tr	NN	Our schedule at Brown would make it impossible to maintain the hours we 'd been keeping at Titan .
tr	NN	The defense lined up , and when the referee blew the whistle again , we broke into formation for the kick except Jason was the holder .
tr	NNS	The sirens are blaring , but everything drifts away from me .
tr	NNS	Hayden grins and pushes away from the lockers carefully .
tr	NNS	Moving onwards was akin to breathing .
tr	NNS	Others are ... " A woman moved in front of us , her gaze glued to the ground as she wrung her hands .
tr	NN	Then , the entire audience went silent because they knew that fists would start flying at any moment .
tr	NN	" The Guild don 't know that .
tr	NNS	Phyllis objects , but Marlene does what I ask , and in the dark I can see the light a little better .
tr	NNS	His clients suddenly seemed more sane .
tr	NN	The enclosure held cages , pens , and stakes for the more docile creatures .
tr	NNS	" So the experiences I had during the rebellion taught me to fear . "
tr	NNS	He looked away , his jaws grinding .
tr	NN	The strange chant kept repeating in Willow 's mind over and over and over again .
tr	NNS	Lots of people who can 't stand each other when they first meet end up falling in love . "
tr	NNS	Stone chips erupted from the wall and cut the skin on my exposed face and hands .
tr	NN	The dwarf must have somehow sneaked past Xavier inside , or maybe he 'd realized that Stuart was about to get tossed out .
tr	NNS	Two torches burned within , revealing a silent courtyard , and a stone hall beyond .
tr	NN	The angel hung her head .
tr	NNS	Hands rise from the darkened earth grasping my ankles , fastening them to the earth .
tr	NNS	Plaster images of the Holy One may before now have drawn to themselves the adoration they were meant to arouse for the reality .
tr	NNS	" There were many instances in past years of the police coming out .
tr	NN	My uncle , instead of just poking around , questioned Josh .
tr	NN	Every inch of her thrilled at the sensual threat in his voice and the hard-rock beat of his heart against her hands .
tr	NN	The twins ' accent wasn 't German but something else .
tr	NN	the rogue hissed , wrapping a hand around the hilt and pulling .
tr	NN	Its security panel turned green , and I breathed a sigh of relief that I still had access .
tr	NN	Susan 's snort turned into a wheezing laugh .
tr	NNS	Two thumbnail portrait shots lit up the central screen on the device when Alfonso took a time-out to respond to the interruption .
tr	NN	A twenty-year career gone .
tr	NNS	Before she could make her decision , sirens blared in the distance .
tr	NN	" Why didn 't the private investigator find these ? "
tr	NNS	There were no footsteps coming up the stairs , and the voices trailed off as they moved farther into the house , most likely underground .
tr	NNS	Two council members and a good third of the remaining Lycans have the same little tattoo that was on the assassins .
tr	NNS	Others who were hooded and robed just like him . "
tr	NNS	Along the corridor rows of upholstered armchairs stood and looked like as if no one had ever sat in them .
tr	NN	At the same moment the bike took off down the road with smoke pouring from under the rear wheel .
tr	NN	All that secrecy was pointless now anyway .
tr	NN	The pup barked happily and wagged her long , furry tail so hard that her entire backside bounced up and down .
tr	NNS	The creatures loomed over me in massive piles , trying to spit and bite at me with poison .
tr	NN	The two birds paced back and forth , their cooing mingled together like an atonal Oriental song .
tr	NNS	Nine other dark figures followed him .
tr	NN	The ferry to South Perth bobbed through the middle of it taking people to the other side .
tr	NN	" Not all in a moment , " said the student .
tr	NN	As the cadaver was about to descend on me a lead pipe from behind smashed right through its head covering me with splatter .
tr	NNS	" Two drops of my blood is all that is required to prove I am a true Jedi , not some clone freak of nature . "
tr	NN	His guardian angel let him see something .
tr	NNS	Who his followers are ? "
tr	NN	The hunter dressed like a doctor whirled around , one hand slipping into the pocket of his lab coat .
tr	NN	The fellow seemed to be on hard times , whatever his station , for his clothes were ill-fitting and coming apart at the seams .
tr	NN	The shield and pipe were futile against their numbers , especially as this group was not uniform .
tr	NNS	" What 's the matter fellas ?
tr	NN	The VCR tape went blank for an instant and then switched to another NASA press conference .
tr	NN	Edward 's toss wobbled on its way to Ashe , but it did make it .
tr	NNS	As he took the weight off each foot , the discs and the bars would retract .
tr	NNS	The batteries still had life .
tr	NNS	Parts of my insides , parts I try not to think about , unfurl as if touched for the first time .
tr	NN	The agony in his expression kills me .
tr	NN	Otherwise her daddy 's job would be on the line . "
tr	NN	The dock wasn 't very long , and the waves helped , tossing them up on shore with very little effort .
tr	NNS	Lights exploded across my vision .
tr	NN	" My boyish charm .
tr	NNS	Hopefully the Others would realize she was just trying to help Sam and not eat her for doing it .
tr	NNS	Stu 's drums dropped to hi-hat counts .
tr	NN	A thrill builds slowly in my arms and back , spreading through my body .
tr	NNS	Deep strains of my father 's voice murmured comfort , though I couldn 't make out what he said .
tr	NN	The warrior placed his hands over our mouths and whispered , " There 's a bunch of infected gathered over there .
tr	NN	Even her engagement to that Foster boy evoked envy in her so great that at times it took all her strength not to scream .
tr	NN	The adrenaline was dying down quickly .
tr	NNS	But Ian 's passions always had a way of getting doused ... by life , by circumstances ... by other people .
tr	NN	My uncle grew nuts , sir . '
tr	NN	The big Fae warrior is afraid of a little teddy bear like you . "
tr	NNS	My movements are mechanical .
tr	NNS	A single mattress of indeterminate size lay there , covered in what appeared to be an aged patchwork quilt .
tr	NNS	Two strands went into this and a good deal of planning .
tr	NNS	" There are consequences to what I did , and things we 'll have to live with for the rest of our lives .
tr	NNS	Four miniature paws with three " fingers " each were hands and feet , but instead of fingers and toes , they ended in miniature claws .
tr	NN	The addition of Imperial blood to our lines can only be of the greatest benefit . "
tr	NN	" A dragon will hatch ?
tr	NN	The dragon reared backwards , roared in pain , turned and disappeared into the mist .
tr	NNS	What perfect timing , " he amended , as the actors exited the stage .
tr	NN	His employer 's manner didn 't allow for further questions and he struggled to keep his surprise from showing .
tr	NNS	Yours for all time , XX Patrick " The kisses looked as if they had been written in blood .
tr	NN	When you truly loved someone , no sacrifice was too great .
tr	NNS	" Scrambled eggs and bacon sound okay ? "
tr	NNS	" The test wolves went ballistic .
tr	NNS	Reyes guided his horse across a narrow stone bridge that spanned a moat , and then under a portcullis .
tr	NNS	" Your responsibilities are vast .
tr	NNS	Things happen in life and you can 't control them .
tr	NN	Of course , this workout was tons better than any treadmill , and I couldn 't wait to do it again .
tr	NNS	" Why are the solar cells clean ? "
tr	NNS	With the flick of a switch , the sirens fell silent and the paramedics scurried to the back of the vehicle .
tr	NN	A boom shook the earth and a wave of air washed back over them .
tr	NN	" Who 's the hottie ? "
tr	NNS	Odysseus was actually quite pleased he hadn 't had to tell his wife he was coming here .
tr	NNS	Their defenses are firming . "
tr	NN	" I think you are lying , " the younger priest hissed .
tr	NN	Bit of a moot point now I suppose . '
tr	NN	His cursor hovered anxiously over the sender , a decisive click and the email opened .
tr	NNS	You see , my helpers had some very different notions from mine , about what was required to keep the whole thing secret .
tr	NN	Such an avenue of comparison did not really interest him .
tr	NN	" We need you to show him around , get him up to speed , " the principal told her .
tr	NN	The second bullet struck him cleanly in his temple casting blood across the door and dashboard .
tr	NN	A large predator or a hunting party had passed through the area and frightened the inhabitants .
tr	NNS	My clients are getting impatient . "
tr	NNS	Shadowhunters had their runes to protect them .
tr	NNS	His lies about Gabriel meet the people 's ears unfiltered and unchallenged , and we are later consumed with dispelling them .
tr	NNS	Hands pulled at his arm .
tr	NNS	At first their raids were very infrequent .
tr	NNS	Now , the trains didn 't run so regularly .
tr	NNS	" Let 's get down to the cargo hold and find ourselves Dodds suits .
tr	NNS	" And now my cooking skills are somewhat rusty after five years of being away from the kitchens . "
tr	NNS	The ladies looked at each other in total disbelief .
tr	NN	" Go , " said Marcia loudly and , to Jenna 's amazement , the spiral staircase started turning .
tr	NNS	The locks had fallen to the ground .
tr	NNS	The nurses clear back and the doctor kneels beside the violently convulsing man .
tr	NN	The click of heels neared just outside the door .
tr	NN	The government says it is best for everyone .
tr	NNS	Things are still pretty tense out there . "
tr	NN	" The garment you brought me .
tr	NNS	His belongings and personnel file are missing from the Leviathan .
tr	NNS	" What 's graffiti ? "
tr	NN	The flashlight darted past , accompanied by a lot of heavy breathing .
tr	NNS	The teachers said to each other that people like Irene would always be victimised by the Miss Howes of this world .
tr	NNS	The stores along both sides of the street had put out their welcome mats .
tr	NNS	Cadmus crept up on the rocks and looked around , pausing for a moment to gain his bearings and then continued to scale the wall of stone .
tr	NNS	Little insects and creatures of the night scamper around us , but we stay still , crouching together .
tr	NNS	Three immense paintings dominated the walls surrounded by smaller ones scattered tastefully to complement the larger .
tr	NNS	The chains swarmed in .
tr	NNS	Any chances of saving Lawrence Durrant 's life were fast ebbing away before he 'd even started .
tr	NN	The slave next to me was an old man .
tr	NNS	Questions Curios staring in awe .
tr	NNS	Whatever perils lay ahead of them , their foes would be women .
tr	NN	My earlier bravado with Lela had worn off .
tr	NNS	Cassius gave him a gentle smile .
tr	NNS	Strong rolls of nausea cycle through me until I start in on a series of unproductive dry heaves .
tr	NNS	The book 's edges were beginning to smolder again , giving out a kind of reddish glow amidst the lantern 's yellow light .
tr	NNS	The satellites were going to be able to pinpoint those lips if she added another glob of that sparkly , shiny goop .
tr	NN	The tremor hadn 't been an earthquake , just another aftershock .
tr	NN	" You are under arrest for engagement in piracy , " the lieutenant smiled as his compatriots raised their guns at her .
tr	NNS	Go , there are cookies waiting for you . "
tr	NNS	" Most werewolves are never fully human or fully wolf .
tr	NNS	But his objections didn 't matter .
tr	NNS	The cards could mean Jack was going to kill her , or Cain was .
tr	NN	" Did the tractor come yet ? "
tr	NNS	Even if they had a winning season , chances were good Blaine would take over next year .
tr	NNS	Where you left him ... the scavengers will have a field day .
tr	NN	His grandmother use to love sitting on the roof of the hospital .
tr	NN	Cody 's eyes f lashed with indignation .
tr	NN	The Jewel chip would retain the conversation until he was ready to retrieve it .
tr	NN	Out on the dock , somewhere out of view , a hatch rumbled open .
tr	NN	" The first page is a map of the northeast region .
tr	NNS	Things were about to get twice as hairy .
tr	NN	A puff of black powder coated him , but nothing more .
tr	NNS	Now that her thirst was gone her hunger pangs hit her hard .
tr	NN	No amateur has that much power and control .
tr	NNS	Starbucks has a new scone , called a petite vanilla bean .
tr	NN	There was a grunt from the man before he reached down and picked me up as if I weighed nothing .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared at her movement and she froze .
tr	NNS	Four locations are right on the water where land costs were high ; and everything cost more in the Ft. Lauderdale area .
tr	NN	My uncle nodded , and she smiled .
tr	NNS	But really , the normally adventurous and bold crewmembers just sat around , keeping to themselves -- not talking much .
tr	NN	At Lotte 's apartments , a footman announced her .
tr	NN	There was a metallic click as Spinner snapped the gun 's cylinder back into place .
tr	NN	The teacher , Mister Sinclair , was the classic , clichéd English man .
tr	NNS	Stacks and boxes and shelves of fabric filled the place nearly to the ceiling , and I smiled , recognizing it .
tr	NN	The arrangement weighed more than she thought and she gripped it with both hands .
tr	NN	His secretary delivered notes detailing Sir Tomas ' dealings with Inquisitors .
tr	NN	Once we were all safely on the ground , the cable raised and the Gunship took off , leaving us in solitude .
tr	NN	The gravel beneath my tires cracks , and I hate the thought of rocks kicking up and hitting the paint .
tr	NN	" But , darling , " Emma said through ragged breaths .
tr	NN	The troll looked thoughtfully at the roof , and blew out more smoke .
tr	NNS	During times of uncertainty such as we 've been through , stupid ideas can gain a foothold .
tr	NN	A shriek emanated from Sofia 's mouth as she flipped her hair aside to reveal her face .
tr	NN	Their route would be east beyond Woodlawn Woods and over a stretch of rolling grassy hills .
tr	NNS	Things are critical . '
tr	NN	A psychotic who finds it more tiring to create his fantasy world than live in the real one ?
tr	NN	A plume of bluish smoke trailed out of his mouth .
tr	NNS	The risks are , however , relatively low .
tr	NNS	Myles is a married man .
tr	NN	" The Prophet fainted in the heat and the wind .
tr	NNS	Without warning , tentacles erupted all over the ground , great spiked arms like those of an octopus but sharp and pointed like spears .
tr	NNS	Once he 's set up , the nurses will allow you to talk to him .
tr	NN	" My birth mother .
tr	NN	But there 's no reasoning with him . "
tr	NNS	Folks who work in Louisville keep building cracker box houses out here .
tr	NN	The studio went dark , the only light on the podium itself .
tr	NNS	Girls have too many friends who love gossip . "
tr	NNS	Alexis sat down and waited for John and Jason to arrive .
tr	NN	His grandmother was Xenia , Nicholas 's sister .
tr	NN	A balcony of massive wrought iron railings completely encircled the hall , allowing guests to look down on the new arrivals from a height of several stories .
tr	NN	Minutes later , a dark-colored sedan pulled up .
tr	NNS	Doors didn 't just unlock themselves .
tr	NNS	Suddenly , two shots came from nowhere , hitting Daniel and Hannah firmly in their chests .
tr	NNS	The chances were that he and Merry would be killed together with their captors , before ever the Men of Rohan were aware of them .
tr	NNS	Her footsteps made small crunching sounds through the frozen snow as she walked .
tr	NN	More intense energy requirement reference .
tr	NN	Liz 's vow surprised her .
tr	NNS	With each smoldering inhale , images of bomb sites mushroomed inside his skull .
tr	NNS	Lilith 's sobs echoed in my ears .
tr	NNS	" The winds of change are among us , my friend .
tr	NNS	Its tentacles shivered , shook , quivered uncontrollably .
tr	NN	An announcement boomed over the invisible intercom , " Players have been experiencing difficulty logging out of Zombie Wars Online .
tr	NN	Her pulse leaped when she heard the truck in the drive .
tr	NN	The white fighter rolled over on the ground to desperately defend himself , only to find the tip of the foil pressed against his neck .
tr	NNS	Jasper 's abilities affect the body physically .
tr	NNS	There were artists selling New England paintings and handcrafted foods and gifts .
tr	NN	The divorce would have to come from him .
tr	NN	My hesitation must have made her think I was somebody else , maybe , even though I had the right nametag .
tr	NNS	Things are right on schedule . "
tr	NN	A loud beeping begins to chirp as a red light flashes from behind the curtain -- its light appears ghostly , filtered through the thin fabric .
tr	NNS	The jaws of the unexpected beasts fell upon the snow to reveal an eerie glow from inside their throats .
tr	NNS	" Headmaster , Security cameras have locked on to deer breaking from the woods through the rifle range .
tr	NNS	She clutched at him , heels digging into his ass , fingernails scoring his shoulders .
tr	NNS	" The Jets won the contest .
tr	NNS	Last time I checked , ghosts didn 't stop existing or start existing because of the absence , or presence , of light .
tr	NNS	But no rats , boss . '
tr	NNS	Things are fine . "
tr	NN	Tessa , what an excel ent idea . "
tr	NN	The painful realisation hit that marriage was not a lasting thing to him .
tr	NNS	He caressed my cheek , rained kisses along the side of my neck .
tr	NN	As they drove on the windy road out of town they past cow fields .
tr	NN	The follower returns after a few minutes with a projector , that he puts on the table .
tr	NNS	Rufus refused to let his shame interfere .
tr	NNS	Hearing Jamie 's apologies made Elizabeth as angry as a storm cloud .
tr	NN	the author asked them , " I mean really ... " " Yes , " Jack said , " That would have been funny . "
tr	NN	Its condition is pristine .
tr	NN	The pilot is downstairs doing his walk around .
tr	NNS	The mages had a fire in their eyes that the regular men did not , but even they were nearing their limits .
tr	NNS	My male cousins would have outright lied . "
tr	NNS	Rustic coils of the gentlest Beauty lead Neptune 's blue ocean mist To the open sky .
tr	NN	The captain turned back to Sandra .
tr	NN	No dwarf would come close to picking up a mug of troll espresso , which was a molten chemical stew with rust sprinkled on the top .
tr	NNS	Others had brought their dogs , some of them barking and playing down near the surf .
tr	NNS	For how can ghosts speak ?
tr	NN	A primitive instinct to throw me down and fuck me , in order to relieve his body 's need .
tr	NN	The mass hysteria of the building is bulldozing my senses , raining down danger all around us .
tr	NN	The chaplain cleared his throat , and Josie zipped her lips at me .
tr	NN	Among their rabble there 's a Templar captain .
tr	NN	There was a tremor in Corinne 's voice , and Dayan gathered her closer to him protectively .
tr	NN	" Every college student in there has a laptop , and the place has free wireless .
tr	NNS	Though I never saw one , barn owls screeched constantly through the night and turkey vultures frequented the sky in the heat of day .
tr	NN	A warrior met his gaze .
tr	NN	Luckily modern scientific theory has removed the dilemma , by exposing the limitations of Newton 's paradigm .
tr	NN	( Miraculously , not a mascara smudge to be seen .
tr	NN	The guilt was killing me and I was getting a little tired of looking over my shoulders .
tr	NN	" At long last , the hunt begins . "
tr	NN	If we go now , no-one will ever know we were here . '
tr	NN	Your partner is insulting and unacceptable .
tr	NNS	Only their costumes really offered any variety .
tr	NN	A small " boombox " type unit played cassettes and local radio broadcasts .
tr	NNS	Things feel different this time , more intimate than our time in South Carolina .
tr	NNS	Dogs don 't usually attack like that unless they come from some irresponsible backyard breeder or they 've got owners who train them to be vicious . "
tr	NN	A cart , wasn 't it ?
tr	NNS	Delores reached across her desk and held my wrist firmly .
tr	NNS	" The ladies said they 'd meet you in the library . "
tr	NNS	The images that rushed through her mind crippled her ability to sustain the levitation and she collapsed against him .
tr	NN	No wonder Trevor was livid .
tr	NN	Only a trickle of blood flowed , but already the skin around the scratch had turned bright red .
tr	NN	There is no hierarchy of motes .
tr	NN	There was no other explanation .
tr	NNS	Still , 250 tickets remained very attractive when you could claim them every turn .
tr	NN	' Oh , my darling , I love you so much . '
tr	NNS	The costumes required copious amounts of baby powder to get on , and they had an unfortunate tendency to split along their seams .
tr	NNS	Her vocal cords seemed to be paralyzed .
tr	NNS	" What are our losses ? "
tr	NN	A warrior raised his spear and shouted his agreement .
tr	NN	The trio headed down the hill toward the beach .
tr	NNS	As they walked through it , doorways appeared on both sides with wooden doors that each stood about six feet high .
tr	NNS	The blue passenger door creaks , then bangs open .
tr	NNS	Young ladies get sorta ... funny on ' em . "
tr	NN	An ear-splitting shriek cracked the air -- it was laughing at her .
tr	NNS	The jolts of caffeine had raised his confidence .
tr	NNS	The emptiness inside her was spreading , engulfing her ... Her head thrashed , her face tangled in her hair .
tr	NNS	The tiered swimming pools and the unnaturally green expanse of the course beyond gave an illusion of balmy comfort .
tr	NNS	Her sobs answered in the affirmative .
tr	NNS	The streetlights cast golden , uninterrupted circles of light on the pavement .
tr	NNS	Cadmus released my arm and I stepped forward hesitantly .
tr	NNS	High cheekbones contrasted nicely with a strong , almost crooked nose .
tr	NNS	Reyes glanced at Eve and intervened .
tr	NN	There 's a small network of towns and a single city , Alicante , where the Clave meets .
tr	NN	The ferry should be there once you arrive . "
tr	NN	A wave of blackness washed over me , nausea surged up my throat as I teetered on the edge of passing out .
tr	NNS	But by then the ancestors had reached the Circle , close enough to knock Sean , Chris , and Doug out with an even stronger suffocation spell .
tr	NNS	Her internal organs are still functioning somehow , but her lungs are only operating at approximately ten percent capacity .
tr	NN	Then the vows were over .
tr	NNS	The two armed guards behind him wore muscle tanks and leather pants , their expressions expectant .
tr	NN	The pendant was only slightly thicker than it should have been because of the resonating disk hidden with in it .
tr	NNS	The couriers slid to his shiny black shoes on their knees , arms stretched above their heads , red pouches extended .
tr	NN	The unseen audience clapped .
tr	NNS	There are no guarantees in war .
tr	NN	" If we concede to putting stronger warnings on our label , our projected revenue will suffer .
tr	NNS	" Where do werewolves come from ? "
tr	NNS	the immortals broke the silence .
tr	NNS	" Things without logic are supernatural and belief in such things is superstition .
tr	NNS	But all the men 's attentions had made her feel awkward , exposed .
tr	NN	" My vote was to take away your hands and feet as an example .
tr	NNS	As promised , the temperatures had taken a bizarre drop throughout the day and she hugged her arms closer around her .
tr	NN	" So you 're educated , " observed the knight .
tr	NNS	" The vamps targeted the weakest among us , and those were often the females .
tr	NN	There was a photograph and a slip of paper with the words " this target must be eliminated quickly , do it tonight " .
tr	NNS	These histories sometimes display evidence of justice having missed its target , and not being done .
tr	NNS	Dillon spoke first " Sam , where do the servants eat ? "
tr	NN	The dock sat inside a large cove with just enough protection from the wind to give the water a smooth , glassy surface .
tr	NNS	The cousins exchanged looks of curiosity , and linking arms , they set off towards the foreground of the gleaming carriage , where Louisa Wentworth was standing .
tr	NNS	... ages ago ... last night ... When my eyes finally open , Julie 's face has changed .
tr	NNS	Due to the unavailability of landfill space , most non-biodegradable materials were illegal .
tr	NNS	Images flashed across his mind 's eye .
tr	NNS	More colorless images skipped across my mind .
tr	NNS	" When did the Classes start dying off ? "
tr	NNS	The pirates follow yet another long dark corridor , using the lights attached their weapons and hanging from clothing to guide them .
tr	NN	Her belly did feel a little tight .
tr	NN	The miracle of it raining in the dead gardens wasn 't enough to calm the cold fear .
tr	NNS	There were so many potential targets in the city .
tr	NN	Roaring , the crazed warrior kicked the chair at her feet up , grasping it in midair with her hands .
tr	NNS	With multimillion dollar government defense contracts , huge factories sprung up all over to build airplanes , tanks , bombs and supplies for the troops .
tr	NNS	Girls full on wept for months .
tr	NNS	Americus rocked slowly backward , his chair leaning precariously on its rear legs .
tr	NN	The intent behind it was ruthless .
tr	NNS	There were so many possibilities .
tr	NNS	Grandmother Earth was being torn up , pierced below its sacred top six inches , desecrated .
tr	NN	There is an explanation .
tr	NNS	These cameras were so small that they operated in clouds , delivering a constant flow of data .
tr	NNS	Huntress tried to get a lock on Jack but he was moving too fast , and Bolt kept getting in the way .
tr	NNS	Little drops of water ran down her face .
tr	NN	His dominant personality leaked from his every pore .
tr	NN	Should the temple come under serious threat from the supernatural , the preceptor wil break the jar and use the relic to defend the brotherhood . "
tr	NN	He swam back , heart beating in an almost unbearable revulsion at the monster he was approaching .
tr	NNS	Two zombies fell , their brains gushing out onto the pavement .
tr	NNS	There were three rows of three seats , enough for nine adults , and again he switched on the ignition and everything lit up on the dash .
tr	NNS	All my characters feel real when I 'm writing about them . "
tr	NN	" Abandon ship , abandon ship , " the captain yelled loudly into the vessel 's com system .
tr	NNS	The authorities didn 't feel the kidnapper intended to kill her .
tr	NNS	Or mothers persuaded to give up a child for money or a so-called better life for the baby .
tr	NN	" Apologies if I failed to properly introduce myself , " said the Gypsy leader .
tr	NNS	Various videos showed empty streets full of chaos and destruction , with occasional infected people running about .
tr	NNS	My nostrils burn and there is a chemical smell emanating from the carpet that seems stronger the longer I am in here .
tr	NNS	" My gang members ripped the breaks out of my car because I didn 't do a deal right . "
tr	NN	The carpet in this room was also green , and it felt soft , almost mushy underfoot , making me think of moss or fungus .
tr	NN	The steppe warrior abandoned his lance and threw up his arms in an attempt to regain his balance .
tr	NN	No more stairwell encounters .
tr	NN	The contract guarantees six matches . "
tr	NN	" Work , work , and more work .
tr	NNS	" The hCG levels in her blood put her at about eleven weeks .
tr	NNS	Things started out innocently enough .
tr	NNS	No , there were too many risks in cutting her free right now .
tr	NN	The agony in his eyes is nothing compared to what is racing through my veins right now .
tr	NNS	Werewolves broke in , supported by humans with guns .
tr	NN	Her grandmother beamed at her , her eyes sparkled , her skin was clear and wrinkle free .
tr	NN	In the center of the area was a monolith type monument .
tr	NN	The liquid scalded his lips , his throat .
tr	NNS	" But there are different factions , aren 't there ? "
tr	NNS	Between the fellowship and first-class refreshments , however , the ladies come back again and again .
tr	NN	The cottage felt like the perfect beach house .
tr	NN	The jubilant observation from someone seated behind them brought tears to Danni 's eyes .
tr	NNS	The pearls I spilled into a silk pouch , which I tied shut and slipped into my robe .
tr	NNS	The pills evoked the memory of the psychologists and the legal drug industry .
tr	NNS	A few exchanges later and the caretaker was hanging up again .
tr	NNS	Getting pissed when other people issued commands , yes .
tr	NNS	Soldiers on horseback came racing after the people , both men and women who ran right towards us .
tr	NN	Those long , hazy days Wes would sketch me by the river , the lake , the barn .
tr	NN	The flashlight tumbled to the ground .
tr	NNS	Isotopes fans around us , at least those paying attention , groan .
tr	NNS	At his announcement , there were uneasy murmurs from the group .
tr	NN	The lantern above the front door was dark .
tr	NNS	Lots easier to get to know a hundred people than a thousand . "
tr	NN	The vine creaked and snapped .
tr	NNS	No accusations laced her tone , only sadness .
tr	NN	If we are not acting under free will then justice doesn 't apply to us .
tr	NN	The vampire venom sealed my fate .
tr	NNS	There are no wide open spaces , instead large rolling hills surrounded by trees .
tr	NN	But that little bastard was coming back with us , even if I had to carry him every step of the way . "
tr	NN	" Yes , my grandmother lives in a complex in New York .
tr	NNS	His experiments always turned the students ' world upside down as the professor tore at the students ' beliefs , shaking up their convictions .
tr	NNS	Things just weren 't working out , but they were afraid to increase their allotment without getting a direct approval from the Lord .
tr	NNS	Black Jewel chips sparkled with dark fire at the end of each thread .
tr	NN	The front page carried a picture of Linda Rayburn holding onto Hannah for dear life .
tr	NN	A young , bruised , battered , childlike , abandoned orphan .
tr	NNS	Our species is dying out , but they don 't care at all about the females , only that they want the race to go on . "
tr	NNS	Things were different now though , he had even less opportunities to satisfy his appetite than before .
tr	NNS	Soldiers were everywhere in what appeared to be a huge cave , and none of them looked friendly .
tr	NN	The cancer she has is most unfortunate but I have isolated the cancer from her blood and now have the pure DNA .
tr	NNS	If they snored , did they leave trails of bubbles that popped along the surface , bits of fishy kisses erupting into the night air .
tr	NNS	" Doing drugs is stupid . "
tr	NNS	A few seconds later , the whispers resumed , and the door creaked open and then shut as the vamps left .
tr	NN	The front page was of me and five of my students , conveniently all girls , at a local restaurant .
tr	NNS	Heavy red drapes kept the edges of the room in darkness , and rows of seats in a semi-circle faced down towards a stage .
tr	NN	The envy almost did me in .
tr	NNS	Others believed it was Santa Anna 's advance guard .
tr	NNS	Reyes asked , gaze scanning .
tr	NN	Some engagement , he wanted to say .
tr	NNS	Aris received her amazement with an enigmatic smile , one that had Selene itching to know just what stories it was hiding .
tr	NN	Again , the malfunction was a cooling issue and the reactor was put into emergency shutdown mode in case the problem became serious .
tr	NNS	There are two levers . "
tr	NN	" Your approval warms my heart .
tr	NN	Her eyes widened in fear and her lips parted , the tip of her pink tongue swept over her lower lip .
tr	NNS	Sirens sound in the distance .
tr	NNS	There were two openings leading deeper beneath the mountain ; she could catch glimpses of subterranean passages which probably extended for miles .
tr	NN	No elder had ever asked my opinion with such sincerity , like my thoughts were valuable .
tr	NN	" What does blooded mean ? "
tr	NNS	The colors were nothing like what she usually wore .
tr	NNS	The tiny digits were curled in a fist as if prepared for a fight .
tr	NNS	Her blond locks fell around her perfect face and I looked deep into her misty green eyes .
tr	NNS	His thinking abilities weren 't up too much .
tr	NNS	Peter 's nostrils flared and his lips slid back in a snarl .
tr	NNS	Bobby 's smile dips for a second , then returns .
tr	NNS	The werewolves stood guard as usual outside the temporary housing behind Ashe 's home .
tr	NNS	Dazzling chandeliers hanged upon the ceiling .
tr	NNS	The drugs are loosening my clenched muscles , taking away my inhibitions .
tr	NN	The new shield wasn 't like the old one .
tr	NN	Some Nobel Prize winner had suggested that we 'd better be prepared for alien visitations and poof : Space Councils .
tr	NN	The contract we drafted included a clause that I take a look at what James called the ' brightest star ' in the real estate business .
tr	NN	The buck smashed into the doors with its horns , throwing them wide open .
tr	NNS	Charm swathed in palm blood drew out answers staining riddles meant only for the cover of gathering fire nights .
tr	NN	He stood with his back toward her , looking out the study window , the white cotton of his shirt pulled tight across his shoulders .
tr	NN	His growl of frustration rumbled his chest against hers , but he didn 't stop her .
tr	NN	But the classy attire was poor camouflage for an iron will that had been forged in a strong fire .
tr	NNS	Her fingernails -- claws painted black -- swiped at reporters , causing them to scream in pain and draw away .
tr	NN	Socks 's fluffy black-and-white tail fell out from under the sheet .
tr	NNS	All the screens turned dark .
tr	NN	At his waist , his belly bulged outward , but otherwise his body seemed relatively physically fit .
tr	NNS	" Things are getting hard for Specter , but it shouldn 't be a surprise .
tr	NN	The sheriff is on my payroll .
tr	NNS	Small blasts of stone shower over our heads as we hustle our asses away from the Taliban camp .
tr	NN	The gown is obviously for me . "
tr	NN	A growl of exasperation slipped from her lips .
tr	NNS	Aris gave him a serene look .
tr	NN	A brief tremor of doubt crossed the Apprentice 's mind at this thought , but he pushed it away .
tr	NN	She stood up , her heart beating swiftly , and very quietly opened the door .
tr	NNS	Itself worth millions in today 's market , but nothing compared to the value of the golden and rosy cross , if it exists . "
tr	NNS	The markings will fade as you recover .
tr	NN	Another policeman came over and spoke to Sgt. Brown .
tr	NN	This organization wants to destroy the Dreamscape , and they need to be stopped .
tr	NNS	The winds carried his laughter far and made sure that news of our passing reached the ears of the one man we hoped would not hear .
tr	NNS	The love hotels were only a block further up , sharing the street with some well-known nightclubs and a sprinkling of minor bars .
tr	NN	Her publisher was due to call her any day now .
tr	NNS	When they got to the tree house the sun was up enough to light the woods the way fancy restaurants are lit by candles .
tr	NNS	More gasoline fumes hit him and he knew some of these came from the heavily loaded aircraft .
tr	NN	The werewolf whose brother I killed was clapping as he walked toward me .
tr	NNS	The village warriors looked much the worse for wear .
tr	NNS	Things that were once simple became difficult . "
tr	NNS	Templars would be scouring the countryside , which explained the relative absence of men within the confines of the fortress .
tr	NNS	There were no signs of life in the air or on the ground .
tr	NN	" My partner will send you some details that you can share with the officers working on this case .
tr	NN	A Dream Come True " They call it : ' sleep deprivation ' .
tr	NN	The gravel scrapes against my leg , which bleeds horribly .
tr	NNS	And billions of dollars ... That made people do desperate things .
tr	NNS	" My wolves look like wolves , without the human eyes to alert the hunters .
tr	NN	The ritual started at 12 in the morning and probably end at 4 since the people there have lives .
tr	NN	The sun shone in the sky yet he still didn 't feel its heat or warmth .
tr	NNS	If the answer was a definitive yes , changes to his life had to be made .
tr	NN	Reality snapped back and Colton was standing in the conference room on the eleventh floor of a building in the middle of the Montana desert .
tr	NNS	Those cameras should have recorded the bullet 's passage and allowed immediate processing of the trajectory .
tr	NNS	Sometimes Chickie 's conversational jumps were a little hard to follow .
tr	NNS	A few slaps brought the druid back to consciousness .
tr	NNS	The rehearsals looked wonderful .
tr	NN	" The gown is going to show a bit more than I am used to .
tr	NNS	My temples throbbed something fierce .
tr	NNS	Girls wrote with praise for Matt : Damn , he 's hot , he can pluck me any day , Matt rocks me .
tr	NN	Then there 's the election ... " " So , go to him .
tr	NN	The trick that makes everything survivable .
tr	NN	Any good warrior understood the importance of a strategic retreat .
tr	NN	" The disgust I feel just looking at you is enough to give me all the energy I need .
tr	NNS	" There are trains , like your Road Trains , but they travel on metal rails and are driven by electricity . "
tr	NN	Suddenly , the principal came .
tr	NNS	" Things are getting dangerous . "
tr	NNS	Lights flicked on in nearby houses .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids slammed closed .
tr	NN	There was some actor he 'd never seen before so wasn 't sure if he 'd like it or not .
tr	NNS	" Yeah , " says Steve , and he copies Ron 's movements without the ball .
tr	NN	The man driving Dougal 's bike moved it out , following the others , leaving them stranded .
tr	NNS	A tightness began to build in him , he clung to her as he fought the rising desire and lust that built rapidly within him .
tr	NNS	The fans stormed the wooden stage , tearing down the black serge curtain to follow the fleeing musicians .
tr	NNS	A dozen yards from the house , Beck halted , dropped the meat to the ground , and then walked several paces toward the woods .
tr	NNS	Few wolves ever swore Blood Oaths , because they forfeited their lives if they ever changed their minds .
tr	NNS	He landed heavily with his arms clumsily splayed out in front of him , just stopping his face a few inches from the ground .
tr	NNS	Only a dozen paces from his brother , Dmitri shouted a quick hello before throwing off his backpack and digging through it .
tr	NNS	In less than two days those planes will probably drop the memory serum virus over the experiments .
tr	NN	' No , ' Love said .
tr	NN	Surely there was some psychologically sound , socially acceptable explanation for what occurred that night .
tr	NN	In each instance the caller had stayed on the line long enough for the beep to sound .
tr	NN	Nausea washed over me , and it was all I could do to murmur along with the others and take a sip of wine .
tr	NNS	Looks pretty good , doesn 't she ?
tr	NN	My pulse jumped and my stomach dropped .
tr	NN	Simple , ' Raj said giving me the solution .
tr	NNS	Her visits are always a treat .
tr	NNS	But he didn 't think of it at the time and anyway , he again reminded himself , the coins weren 't his .
tr	NNS	The zombies moaned , and started running at Leah and Connor .
tr	NNS	Even warriors needed to pee .
tr	NN	the pilot asked Ramsey .
tr	NN	There was a soft , undeniable click after the fifth attempt .
tr	NN	That beeping was coming from their discarded pile of clothes .
tr	NN	And all this while Ashe was missing for hours . "
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , all the colleges had just gotten out for summer and jobs were scarce as the students had already snapped up most of them .
tr	NN	" After I left the state , my attorney took care of the life insurance settlements , and the lawsuit with the utility company .
tr	NNS	When he looked at her , all the worries of Kingship , seemed to melt away , like the snow in the cycle of seasons .
tr	NN	Part of her wanted to embrace the change .
tr	NN	The author claims to have buried her with her sword , along with a few other things . "
tr	NNS	" Remember , solid objects are mostly empty space , at the atomic level .
tr	NN	A good leader did that .
tr	NNS	Tiki torches lined the driveway and entrance , the small flames flickering bright in the dying light .
tr	NNS	Things had gone downhill with her ex-husband , and she and Tyler had been forced to move .
tr	NN	In Grayson 's headlights , the trailer shone dully .
tr	NNS	The terrible differences of this place where Ship had projected her compounded her sense of helplessness .
tr	NNS	" Your ancestors , " Timothy said .
tr	NNS	The first bites at her seeping leg sockets were an aggravation .
tr	NN	The blue wool sweater , complete with matching hat and scarf would do no such thing , but she enjoyed baiting him .
tr	NNS	Other additions emerged from the natural tendency to confuse common practices that predated Islam with new Islamic laws and norms .
tr	NNS	Skulls pulled Mary in close to him and passionately kissed her , before allowing her to make her way to the far end of the room .
tr	NNS	Beyond the scene of this little death in front of him the greater deaths of charred villagers fanned out from the smoking ruins of the Preserve .
tr	NNS	The creatures that took Danielle were no joke .
tr	NN	The robed dwarf waved his servants ahead .
tr	NNS	His movements were still graceful , but they were mortally graceful and , unfortunately , mortally slow .
tr	NNS	Guilt radiated from his cold eyes , pangs of remorse set his moustache to twitching .
tr	NN	The hawk caught his scalp on the way by , as I said .
tr	NNS	Then the two figures merged in the dark .
tr	NNS	Wings were pretty conspicuous , so unless he was hiding them underneath that peacoat , I didn 't think he was Fae .
tr	NNS	He wore blackened and battered , well worn battlefield armour put together from several different manufacturers .
tr	NNS	These two novels dealt closest with me though never was a word uttered that had anything to do with me or any conversation we had .
tr	NN	The strike was direct to his temple , making him lose balance and fall to the ground .
tr	NN	There just wasn 't a spark .
tr	NN	Part of her would like nothing more than to open her legs to him .
tr	NN	After all , what could a master criminal buy ?
tr	NN	" The lost veil and other capers were not my doing . "
tr	NN	Then , in November , my squad and I went back to Kosovo again .
tr	NN	There was a backup , but it didn 't last long . "
tr	NNS	Her tightness clamped harder around his length , pouring more red-hot pleasure over his flesh , until she convulsed beneath him .
tr	NN	The cottage , her peaceful life by the sea , even the garden she had no understanding of , were perfect .
tr	NNS	There were small Freaks here .
tr	NN	Your wisdom lights the dark . '
tr	NN	The boot , with its tiny steel tongue , flashed out .
tr	NN	The sub turned in profile , and he saw red boxes in its claw arms .
tr	NN	" My uncle did .
tr	NNS	She knew that something had sparked between them and if she ran into him at the bar , chances were they would talk .
tr	NNS	The characters within this novel are of widely varying upbringing .
tr	NN	Mackie jogged across the highway and entered the campus from a northwestern angle , his Glock held in a two-handed grip and pointed downward .
tr	NN	His rider , all the while , had been grossly out of position , simply struggling to stay on .
tr	NNS	Various poisons take a bit longer . "
tr	NNS	Things were drawing to a close .
tr	NN	The king 's robe floated in the soft breeze .
tr	NNS	Animals grow old , reproducing in order to continue the line .
tr	NN	" The Spanish-American War ended here when President McKinley signed the treaty on that table . "
tr	NNS	The colors were oddly shocking , though ; he hadn 't pictured colors , only physical presences .
tr	NN	Part of me thought I should just catch a plane to Orlando and then drive to Palm Bonita and do whatever I could to get to Skylar .
tr	NN	My career will be over ! "
tr	NN	Part of him hated this feminine rivalry taking place .
tr	NN	The medieval attire looked better than a classic black tuxedo and a top hat .
tr	NNS	But there is a moment everyone experiences in death .
tr	NNS	There were loose trousers , a shirt , a hooded cloak , a veil and gloves .
tr	NNS	Up above , two squirrels scamper across the canopy , causing dead leaves to flutter down as the sky makes the transition from dark to light .
tr	NN	Some radar operator flagged us as a potential drug smuggler of some type . "
tr	NNS	Oiled oak bookshelves lined each wall from floor to ceiling .
tr	NN	The deputy led the way out to his patrol car .
tr	NNS	His kisses are gentle and rough , spearmint and cigarettes .
tr	NNS	Over the past seven books , my readers have come to know Glory well .
tr	NN	Love raised his eyebrow .
tr	NNS	A few hats hung on pegs along the wall .
tr	NNS	The openings in the dense tree cover became spaced wider apart the further they flew up the mountains .
tr	NN	Chance propped open the door .
tr	NN	The gasoline ignited and burned a trail all the way to the gas tank of the car where an explosion occurred , killing the second officer inside .
tr	NN	When it dropped , its mate faced Julia , and began a slow , menacing approach .
tr	NNS	No impressive sculptures or art pieces like Rex 's flat .
tr	NNS	The younger fans ( those who weren 't roasting in Hank 's fire ) roared their support of the mad DJ .
tr	NNS	The wipers slowly cleaned the rain splatters from his view of the gas station .
tr	NNS	the ghosts moan , drifting back into the shadows of my subconscious .
tr	NN	If your brother-in-law turns out correct in his prediction , his investing before the event will be a small blip .
tr	NN	" Jesus , " the pilot said .
tr	NN	Maybe the upper pane slid down over the lower pane , too .
tr	NNS	The images wouldn 't come together for Jess though and she found herself ready to hit a writing wall .
tr	NN	The suspect had a request . "
tr	NNS	A big grin lands on my face and I am really excited to see her .
tr	NN	Morning teased at the sky , a dull , cloudless gray .
tr	NN	One sinewy forearm stretched out behind Verity 's head .
tr	NN	Suddenly , a great chorus of screams rose up inside the tunnel .
tr	NN	And when you didn 't have that bond , there was no greater misery .
tr	NNS	Lights burned in the downstairs windows of the house .
tr	NN	Chapter 8 Katy After the disastrous training session , I knew the taste of true fear each time someone neared my door .
tr	NN	There was a small shelf above the bunk and Deck set most of items there .
tr	NNS	And all the promises in the world don 't change the length of time .
tr	NN	The television was still on , though neither was paying much attention to it .
tr	NN	By the end there was still no consensus on what to do .
tr	NNS	Images ran through his head of her spread out before him like a feast .
tr	NNS	The peaks were barely visible .
tr	NN	" The mayor had roughed up Scott Grey .
tr	NN	The arrogant bastard had driven here in his own vehicle .
tr	NNS	Looks like it , but there 's nothing we can do .
tr	NN	The pallid visage looked like it might belong to Sam 's old friend .
tr	NNS	Shouts from various areas of the ship sounded .
tr	NN	The pond had a light mist over it .
tr	NNS	Long strands of very dark brown hair framed his face , reaching down just past his shoulders .
tr	NN	The referee threw the ball up between them .
tr	NN	" Well put , " the sage offered with a smile .
tr	NNS	Action shots were the best .
tr	NNS	His fingernails were perfectly manicured .
tr	NNS	Where had the packets come from ?
tr	NNS	" Our magic users are skilled in many things , but we have few who can work with metal .
tr	NN	The booth was revolving into the wall like ... Like a turnstile !
tr	NNS	Romulus shook his head .
tr	NN	On the tabletop was a plastic pink flower arrangement and a collection of dead bugs .
tr	NN	Part of me wants to believe it 's true .
tr	NN	The priest smiled fondly at Derek .
tr	NNS	The pedals are the same . "
tr	NNS	The edges of a couple of the lacy leaves had just begun to cradle Racer as if he were a lover .
tr	NNS	The servants had huddled up against the back wall as they died .
tr	NN	The output tape rolled to a stop .
tr	NN	Even a standard five-year contract would have been too long to survive among them .
tr	NNS	There 's water downstairs , so we don 't need to raid the drink machines .
tr	NNS	The guardians nodded politely at her as she walked past , both obviously tense and uncertain in her presence .
tr	NN	' And like the lingerie , ' Love said , and paused , ' salmon doesn 't fit into the overall picture .
tr	NNS	Sirens interrupted us and he ran over to the window .
tr	NN	The race even handpicked their leaders to ensure they would remain defensive . "
tr	NNS	Hands reached and pulled her out as gently as possible .
tr	NN	A spark of compassion showed in Jill 's eyes as she sensed the dark mood coming on .
tr	NNS	Where were the nurses ?
tr	NNS	The egg rolls suddenly felt as if they weighed a hundred pounds in her stomach .
tr	NNS	" Others are vampire . "
tr	NNS	Werewolves could move about freely during the day , something the vampires would never be able to do .
tr	NNS	Her shyness still didn 't allow her to volunteer for demonstrations , but she was becoming stronger and beginning to win during practice .
tr	NNS	I watch the plunging of the buildings into darkness the springing of the interiors into light the slivers and crescents and slices and cookies of the moon .
tr	NN	And vice versa . "
tr	NNS	Fresh eggs gathered that morning were being cooked along with bacon taken from the pantry .
tr	NN	Last year the average bonus for associates was nine thousand .
tr	NNS	Several floors were emitting smoke and flames .
tr	NN	Although my father never explicitly said it , the senator knew that my father thought he was a pussy .
tr	NNS	The aliens threw them all into illegal dumps . "
tr	NNS	Words appeared in his brain without bothering to come through his ears .
tr	NNS	Soldiers with swords that shone in sea greens and blues filled the room and stood to attention .
tr	NNS	His contacts at the FBI may be able to close the books on this tonight . "
tr	NN	When she stepped forward a slit opened almost to the curls concealing her sex to reveal one sleek , tanned leg .
tr	NNS	Wesley sat on the driftwood boards , a point of orange fire frozen beside his face .
tr	NNS	" Those silver coins are worth much more than four dollars .
tr	NNS	Neat freaks never put things under their bed .
tr	NN	The crowed spilt like the Red Sea as his massive shoulders bumped and bruised their way through .
tr	NNS	The rats showed up almost immediately .
tr	NN	The largest plant spoke .
tr	NN	Behind us , a roar of discovery echoed through the hall , as something poked its head in the room and bellowed for its friends .
tr	NNS	After the heavy steel door had been locked and sealed behind them , the suits let go of Dixon and respectfully stepped aside .
tr	NNS	The cameras were all around me , their lenses in my face .
tr	NNS	Or where the restrooms were .
tr	NNS	So many vampire myths had begun there .
tr	NNS	The legends say the people will come back to the Earth Mother .
tr	NN	What if the bullet ricocheted , hitting bone ?
tr	NNS	From afar the sirens started to wail , booming loudly to the rhythm of my heart 's wild beats .
tr	NNS	Lots of middle-class Americans just couldn 't relax around vamps .
tr	NNS	Black spots had appeared before Ali 's eyes .
tr	NN	His personality was so strong that it came through despite his limited means of communication .
tr	NNS	Myles twisted around to look at her .
tr	NN	But this total isolation was making him completely mad .
tr	NN	Just what was that villain up to ?
tr	NNS	Even my girlfriends sometimes act uncomfortable around me .
tr	NN	The briefcase was not in the hall as he had hoped , but he eventually found it in the study , leaning against the desk .
tr	NNS	" The items will help establish the desired connection between you and your simulacrum .
tr	NNS	Muscles bunched in her stomach and along her thigh .
tr	NNS	Sentinels , Keepers , Scouts and Jockeys all stormed into the corridors and assailed the enemy on sight .
tr	NN	' Love , in a second I 'm going to turn off the main road and stop the car . '
tr	NNS	There was a porcelain tub already filled with steaming water , rose petals floating on the surface .
tr	NNS	It being mid-afternoon , the preparations for supper were well underway .
tr	NNS	Those pools had no chance of snakes , fish , or who knew what else lurking below the surface .
tr	NNS	Folks were always on the lookout for easy bonus money on Renaissance .
tr	NN	On the other side there was a staircase , which he descended .
tr	NN	The pilot kept his secret .
tr	NNS	Reyes kept his posture rigid , his feet apart , a very dominant position .
tr	NN	" The old motto ' if we build it nobody will come , ' I suppose would be the end result . "
tr	NN	Every government 's short of cash these days but I don 't think we 're owned by RA . "
tr	NN	Each defense attorney declined to give an opening statement .
tr	NN	Only when he heard the gruff summons , did he crack the door and stick his head around . " '
tr	NN	" Your owl is in this cage here . "
tr	NNS	Girls talk too , and she wanted nothing to do with him .
tr	NNS	' Things aren 't getting any easier , pal .
tr	NNS	But first , there was Wednesday poached eggs with Caridad , a tradition that now went back more than a decade .
tr	NNS	Guns in nervous hands saw to that .
tr	NN	The one condition that would slow me down .
tr	NNS	Used by at least four million menopausal and postmenopausal women , ages forty-five to seventy-five .
tr	NN	And while his quote seemed innocuous enough , the context around it was a bit disturbing .
tr	NN	A slow sliver of apprehension pierced Amara 's spine .
tr	NNS	Others around them , the stunned ones , began stirring and shaking their heads .
tr	NN	How is the packing going ? "
tr	NNS	Cassius kept saying the word , " no , " over and over again .
tr	NNS	Things would never be okay .
tr	NNS	My fears are over .
tr	NNS	For some time the companions crawled and groped upon the ground .
tr	NN	My pulse thumped wildly against my fingers and I tightened my grip against my throat .
tr	NN	The landlord would pocket most of Kevin 's cash and maybe clean the carpet with the rest .
tr	NNS	No one dresses like Elvira at Halloween , or brings in pizza when it 's someone 's birthday .
tr	NNS	To my amazement , the other class members strolled up for their turn at congratulating me .
tr	NN	" And the winner gets to clean-up and put the game away .
tr	NN	" Now , " Merrill said , " dawn will arrive soon .
tr	NNS	Cleaned up , cheerful family tales -- food fights and flashlights hidden under bedding to stay up past midnight .
tr	NN	The agent hurried across the room and scooped the blonde into his arms .
tr	NN	The commander glared until the man looked away .
tr	NN	Before the firemen left , the investigator confirmed that there 'd been no gunshots fired .
tr	NNS	Her instincts prompt her to cross the street and cut under the I-10 overpass to get to a more populated neighborhood .
tr	NN	Part of me was aware that I had perhaps a few seconds of life remaining ; the rest of me was beyond caring .
tr	NN	Another short hop took the soldier to the top of the carriage .
tr	NN	Meeting Tony 's widow in this bar was proof of that .
tr	NN	The crew supervisor saw him get out of his car and waved .
tr	NNS	" Stars and bars on a uniform does not win battles , Captain .
tr	NN	The knight and his squire walked out of the inn yard and down the cobbled street that led towards the lake .
tr	NN	The beating went on and on , far past the point of punishment .
tr	NNS	In the south , uniforms were on parade .
tr	NNS	The stallion 's nostrils flared , smelling the air .
tr	NN	Your grandmother believes it will be alright . "
tr	NNS	Out of the wispy tendrils , two figures emerged .
tr	NNS	The tentacles were warm , as if they had blood close to the surface .
tr	NNS	" There are too many sensitive documents . "
tr	NNS	Mattresses were slashed open , grasses pulled out and strewn all over the floors .
tr	NNS	The bathroom wasn 't far at all , but once inside , the chains tugged at her .
tr	NNS	When Abby says nothing , Eric inches closer .
tr	NN	Her hunger beat at him , and he knew Aidan could feel it , too .
tr	NN	The man 's accent was clearly English .
tr	NNS	There were actually butterflies in his stomach !
tr	NN	Another enraged mechanical roar from somewhere behind her kept her running , adrenaline taking off the edge .
tr	NNS	The cards read , " Rebecca Edwards - Chief Information Officer . "
tr	NNS	Looks like some haven 't been surfacing in their usual routines recently . "
tr	NNS	My cousins , Seymour , Howard , Eddie , and Steve , were glad to see us , and we were delighted to see them .
tr	NN	Terror gripped her as voices suddenly boomed through the trees .
tr	NN	a gentleman ( another one of Sibyl 's favourites ) named Gilbert called .
tr	NN	the policeman , whose voice was unmistakably that of Sergeant Brown , asked without looking up .
tr	NNS	And the gates burst open .
tr	NN	The mistress will have your heart if you feed on him . "
tr	NNS	" These roads are common trade routes . "
tr	NNS	Things became very passionate when , in the candlelight , this woman noticed the shadow cast by my clown suit hanging on a coat rack .
tr	NN	The bastard who 'd kidnapped his sister had let her go , but she 'd died , anyway .
tr	NN	Suddenly a policeman in a bullet-proof vest came charging out of the bushes pointing a gun at me .
tr	NN	Every stroke seemed like a brand on her .
tr	NN	The warrior did not speak , but climbed down into his chair again .
tr	NNS	His head was spinning , his eyelids were heavy .
tr	NN	" There is a wonderful and graphic illustration of these issues in Vonnegut 's Slaughterhouse-Five .
tr	NN	That strong acid stink , that rank musk , that rotten armpit odor .
tr	NNS	The nurses must be starting their rounds .
tr	NNS	The footsteps stopped behind the bench .
tr	NNS	The leather seats faced each other and it had brushed chrome buttons I didn 't understand without a crumb or speck of grime anywhere around them .
tr	NNS	The images played out in her mind as if she were watching them .
tr	NNS	The three suspects crossed the road and headed in the direction of the town 's largest market .
tr	NNS	The tales in those mysterious books echoed in the back of his mind while he tried to focus on the matter at hand .
tr	NN	" Yes , the only theory I can come up with is the air at the surface is so thick that it can hold very little moisture .
tr	NNS	The island mothers and sisters begin to laugh as they see two swords dueling together in the air .
tr	NNS	Barnabas ran a hand across the back of his neck .
tr	NN	The small rectangular slit near the top snapped open , and two bloodshot eyes peered out , wary and guarded .
tr	NN	The Junta military regime would never have acknowledged that you went through their system .
tr	NNS	His eyelids fluttered slightly ; the painkillers were affecting him .
tr	NNS	Nevertheless , those scraps were not good .
tr	NN	The tiniest scratch from one of my arrows kills them instantly . "
tr	NN	" There is no backing out , Prudence .
tr	NNS	Sergei 's eyelids twitched and his eyes went wide when he saw me .
tr	NNS	Those friendly prickles spread across my chest again as Adam 's fingers moved a little , reminding me he still held my elbow .
tr	NN	" A busy city square didn 't seem the right place for the revelation . "
tr	NNS	Others start fighting them , ripping open the sacks and brawling over the contents .
tr	NNS	So the nurses went about their business while he soaked up the sight of Amelia bathed in the glow of a low lamp .
tr	NNS	" Only androids show up with false memory systems ; it 's been found ineffective in humans . "
tr	NNS	Few designers ever got that kind of opportunity .
tr	NN	The coroner and several officers came out with the black body bag containing Matt ' s body .
tr	NNS	Tanks on their own were easier to hit from the flank where the armor wasn 't as heavy .
tr	NN	" Where 's your restroom ?
tr	NNS	My surroundings were changing .
tr	NN	" Okay , " the captain said .
tr	NN	The adrenaline was still coursing through his body .
tr	NN	The tranquilizer had knocked me out of the cockpit and clear down to Shane 's guts .
tr	NNS	Americus glanced his way and nodded agreement .
tr	NNS	Several pairs of silvery eyes glistening beyond the tree 's canopy .
tr	NN	And the chandelier had fallen down , all crushed and full of soot .
tr	NNS	Indeed the hobbits felt that the hair on their heads was actually standing up , waving and curling and growing .
tr	NN	" My commander thought it was time I came home to visit my loving kin . "
tr	NN	The momentum toppled both of them to the rug .
tr	NNS	Screams from inside the armored cars reached outside , as hot molten metal sprayed throughout the inside of each car .
tr	NNS	Flames flared where they landed and chased across the oil 's surface , aiming for the leaking barrel .
tr	NN	As she brings her trident to her side , another trident pierces through the back of her wolf 's neck , pinning him to the earth .
tr	NN	The plumbing 's old , no question about that .
tr	NNS	There were no cameras down there and I wondered if anyone knew where I was .
tr	NNS	My eyelids flutter and I 'm suddenly tired , completely drained as if I 've been working all night .
tr	NN	She served us , and every time she glanced at me , a lovely blush touched her cheeks .
tr	NN	" Now ' t is not the time to speak of other women .
tr	NN	The second page showed a much more developed drawing of the same cartoon character .
tr	NN	A few minutes later my own full English arrived .
tr	NN	Won 't be big as his papa , but he 'll be strong and fast . "
tr	NNS	Her thumbs traced across his cheekbones and he held perfectly still as she went up on her toes , moved in and kissed him .
tr	NN	The Stranraer ferry had already sailed , and was turning slowly in the middle of the lough , heading for the Irish Sea .
tr	NNS	The expansive new surroundings contrasted sharply with the cramped quarters in her one room apartment .
tr	NNS	Her lover 's linguistic abilities were sadly lacking sometimes .
tr	NN	As she drew her hand from the hole into which she 'd reached , a mass of dust followed .
tr	NN	My passionate assault surprises him .
tr	NNS	Being the vanguard of the 9th , their blades were fully magical and demon proof .
tr	NNS	A purposeful mistake would be made , reservations erased and then reinstated .
tr	NN	Her grandmother needed hearing aids but refused to believe it .
tr	NN	That same old insanity rose in me .
tr	NN	The archangel had never gotten along well with other women , even easygoing ones .
tr	NNS	" How high are these cliffs ?
tr	NN	" Yes , " the healer said , and she gave me another look that was too knowing for comfort .
tr	NN	Chapter Thirteen 1 After the second part of the main course , a bout of conversation released at the dining room table .
tr	NNS	The world grew darker , colors faded to shades of grey .
tr	NNS	Questions directed at him had to be repeated before he answered .
tr	NN	The pup seemed to sense something was wrong .
tr	NN	But as she stood and looked up , a low roar and a howling wind encircled her .
tr	NN	My pulse seemed to be thrumming too weak - too fast .
tr	NNS	Holy smokes , the guy 's kisses were more intoxicating than the drinks he mixed that night at Dot 's Spot .
tr	NNS	My hopes had shattered .
tr	NN	Part of me couldn 't believe that Oliver had killed him ; the other half saw it made perfect sense .
tr	NNS	Alexis looked up at Amanda , who just stared at her .
tr	NN	The mayor clapped his hands and gesture to waiters of the inn to tend to the lord and his friend .
tr	NNS	And the twins will be only a few months old when she 's born , so they 'll have fun as cousins when they get older .
tr	NNS	Others take on new roles as the days pass .
tr	NN	Neither rider felt it necessary to spur their mounts any harder as the ground continually rose once on the Manor grounds .
tr	NNS	The other covens had their sights set on The Shade , but it seemed it was going to implode before they even stepped ashore .
tr	NNS	Soldiers around me hurried to work .
tr	NNS	The tall grasses behind the motel rustled in the breeze , filling the air with a hissing sound .
tr	NN	The mass moved and a head looked up .
tr	NNS	All apprentices and masters attended .
tr	NNS	Her footsteps trail away .
tr	NN	On the ground was a tin baking pan .
tr	NN	A small sob escaped my mouth and I felt more tears falling from my eyes .
tr	NNS	The people downstairs gasped and scattered .
tr	NN	" The ranch covers a huge area .
tr	NN	" Slow down , sweetheart , " he said .
tr	NN	A squirrel scurried out from underneath a bush .
tr	NNS	Hands rested on my shoulders , and I looked up into Evan 's eyes .
tr	NN	A kitten - " I couldn 't hold back the tears and began to cry at how sweet he 'd been to get me a kitten .
tr	NN	There was no illumination , no outward sign of its strength , but she knew it was enough .
tr	NN	There was no proof !
tr	NN	The Boy had hidden his other stash of shame in Eloy 's bedroom closet .
tr	NNS	Every species is the same .
tr	NNS	Nerves and arousal mingled and fought for dominance .
tr	NNS	Floral paintings and silk drapes gave the room a feminine feel .
tr	NNS	Touch screens were still expensive and they definitely weren 't paper thin .
tr	NNS	The fireworks continued , embroidering the sky with needles of color and light .
tr	NN	The canvas is one of the most recognizable paintings in the world !
tr	NNS	Reyes realized these humans thought the men were part of a movie .
tr	NNS	Others have a few decades .
tr	NNS	But even those areas were heavily dependent on aid coming from the developed world .
tr	NN	" And your theory is ? "
tr	NNS	Their expressions didn 't match Nikolas 's enthusiasm , but what could they say ?
tr	NNS	There were landscapes and entire worlds contained in her eyes .
tr	NNS	Normal IP programs only activated on user command ; she 'd have to watch this one if it never switched off .
tr	NN	Has all my teaching taught you no more than this ?
tr	NN	The caller asked if she could ring him back in ten minutes .
tr	NN	" Ok , Jake you show her the ropes , and the rest of you , I want to see story ideas by tomorrow . "
tr	NNS	During a birthing night , when Serena 's own mother was in labor with her , the werewolves revolted .
tr	NNS	Lastly since it was a part time job the three members of the Art Commision would get $ 500 a month .
tr	NNS	The Bugs have learned to interpret the inclination of the head as a positive response , so Vel doesn 't need to translate .
tr	NN	Love is the most beautiful thing in the world .
tr	NNS	After the board received it , several members called to ask what on earth had come over her .
tr	NNS	My servants saw your fear when you were in your ship in heaven .
tr	NNS	" But chances are good she 'll be prosecuted for murder .
tr	NNS	All the changes that were taking place in New Atlantis made it a place of unlimited potential .
tr	NNS	Doing a quick walk-through , Glen located Justin 's belongings boxed up in the bedroom closet .
tr	NN	Love was dissolving for people who were suffering from disease or starvation .
tr	NNS	Carpet , wood-paneled lockers big enough for small cars , leather recliners built for linemen , private stalls in a shower room bigger than this .
tr	NN	The nerve of that woman , Louise thought , hinting that Bill might go looking somewhere besides home .
tr	NNS	His instincts had kept him alive when all others fell , and now they told him danger was near .
tr	NN	' Willow bark ' said the Bursar .
tr	NNS	Her tits arched up toward him .
tr	NNS	" My apologies , " he offered as he sat on a nearby log .
tr	NN	Where is your human instinct ?
tr	NN	" Your tether is pointing this way . "
tr	NNS	Bugs was confident Gabriel would be the victor and had the rest of the men in similar spirits .
tr	NN	There was always some little icon blocking her vision .
tr	NNS	There were some horse reins hanging beside the saddles also .
tr	NNS	Mr. Fleming was certain of a majority , the newspapers said .
tr	NN	Depending on the mage , glamour could be another side-effect .
tr	NNS	The signs favor you on this matter . "
tr	NNS	The wolves you see before you have gathered from all over the world to unite as One Pack .
tr	NNS	The boards on the front porch squeaked underneath Shane 's black shoes .
tr	NNS	High stress levels meant heavy duty unloading .
tr	NN	There is only the hunger and the pain and the shadow of Ryan lingering behind the trees that edge each side of the road .
tr	NNS	White spots were everywhere , but he looked past them to get a good look at the brand new rainbow .
tr	NNS	There was a nice over stuffed couch and a couple love seats , and random bean bag chairs sitting around the room .
tr	NNS	No more letters have come in .
tr	NNS	A few stolen kisses and a head full of girlish dreams wouldn 't hurt anyone .
tr	NN	The rope sank down for what seemed to be around twenty feet before snagging onto the bottom .
tr	NN	And then her panicking stopped .
tr	NNS	The firebombing campaigns had done a good job in smaller outbreak areas , burning everything down to the ground , but this was large scale .
tr	NNS	The symptoms were so unpleasant that , as Lina stared up at the ceiling , she began to worry .
tr	NNS	In an economy where workers were rarely , if ever , given direct pay , kitchens had to be supported by the nobility .
tr	NNS	Their jaws dropped as they saw an expansive wood structure built into the crowns of adjacent trees sprawling across the street and into the woods .
tr	NN	The ping reverberated in the silence .
tr	NN	A glint flashed across Brick 's face .
tr	NN	Where was his angel ?
tr	NNS	My defenses are at their peak .
tr	NNS	Nerves and tendons cried out in pain .
tr	NN	Do not resist , or I will order them to bind you , " the elder threatened .
tr	NN	Suddenly , the blacksmith gestured for me to start walking , so I moved toward the door as it opened .
tr	NN	" The cleaner tidied up , folded the clothes .
tr	NNS	Folks would find out soon enough .
tr	NNS	To the east , forested slopes stretched away to a vast , barren plain .
tr	NN	He straightened up , a smug look spreading on his face .
tr	NN	Storm 's going to last through the night .
tr	NNS	The nurses took care of the superficial wounds .
tr	NN	The highway was only a few blocks from my apartment , so we were quickly on our way .
tr	NNS	The colours come from within , not from the array of paints on my palette .
tr	NN	" The next condition has to do with you Gatsby . "
tr	NN	The snort Gavin gave told him his brother hadn 't bought it .
tr	NNS	Turns out that by just doing that , and adding the ' local ' label , our sales tripled .
tr	NNS	The father 's eyelids fluttered , and there was a slight movement of the shoulders .
tr	NNS	Things were falling into place .
tr	NN	After removing a few pieces , the patches slide apart and the window disappears .
tr	NNS	As they walked , their footsteps echoed off the walls and ceilings .
tr	NN	Instead of a flashlight bulb , the tip has an open , cupped end .
tr	NNS	The heart rate increases slowly but steadily and by the end of the song , the anticipation is back .
tr	NN	A shelf supported shampoo , conditioners , body washes , ordered by size .
tr	NN	The courtroom 's balcony was full of people who wanted to watch the drama unfold .
tr	NN	Still , this preoccupation disturbed her .
tr	NN	The proof was in the snow -- bright splashes of blood that colored the white powder red .
tr	NNS	" The crowns have gone to war .
tr	NN	There was a jar of peanut butter with the top off .
tr	NN	The outlook is scaring me . "
tr	NNS	The negotiations had turned bitter and a final divorce was months away .
tr	NNS	There were four mothers in the room , bouncing sick kids on their laps while the older children played on the floor .
tr	NNS	Henry 's concepts for advanced computer processor architectures ; organic ware was the most recent hot topic on the board 's agenda .
tr	NN	The ritual continued for the next hour before the light returned to the individual monks and they completed the matter .
tr	NN	" And then there 's our balance of payments problem .
tr	NNS	The estates of the more senior nobles and that of the King relied on this obligation .
tr	NN	The mass of them grew heavier with each stone , like a sinking , tipping scale .
tr	NN	There was a sexuality about her that was mesmerizing .
tr	NN	The celebration of Saint Joseph , Mary 's husband and Jesus ' father , preceded the Annunciation .
tr	NN	The deputy sheriff requested that I guard you .
tr	NNS	Our rhythmic movements make me feel alive .
tr	NN	Her spine stiffened , which slowed her horse .
tr	NNS	Rawlings was too proud to accept money and their friendship was still too fragile .
tr	NN	If the Prince had a Princess , and Lily on the side , this soap opera had just gotten incredibly interesting .
tr	NN	A loud crash followed by snarls exploded from the hallway .
tr	NNS	Black spots climbed the hills and surrounded several pale dots down below .
tr	NNS	" Well , yeah , but - " " No buts , " Rafe said with a shake of his head .
tr	NNS	With your example , thousands would find the truth of Yeshua . "
tr	NNS	Waves rose up , cresting high , a boiling cauldron of dark rage .
tr	NNS	Lights flashed behind his closed lids .
tr	NN	CHAPTER 5 As the surroundings surfaced for me -- as if by magic -- my concentration gave away to awareness .
tr	NNS	Orders shot across the airwaves in a frenzy .
tr	NN	If you 're interested in continuing with the story , Part Two should be available June 2014 .
tr	NN	Her infatuation with Jake has been blatantly obvious since the moment I saw her , so I can imagine how painful a rejection from him would be .
tr	NN	" Take off your boots , " Eduard 's grandmother said as the trio entered .
tr	NN	They ' l keep me sane .
tr	NNS	But in truth there are many elaborate tales and stories by which men drive empathy from their hearts .
tr	NN	Hopefully , with the coming dusk and the imminent closing of the Temple , the mob would disperse naturally .
tr	NNS	These two cases are strands in the same rope , as far as I can see . "
tr	NNS	Muscles strained as he pulled himself up , up , up higher still until he swung his legs up to ... Got it .
tr	NNS	For the same reason there were no extra locks , no bolts , no bars .
tr	NN	Another layer of darkness fell on top of the room .
tr	NNS	Two vamps , unescorted by Helen , stood in the doorway , sharing the weight of a massive marble pedestal .
tr	NN	Terror pinched Tick 's nerves .
tr	NN	The small black rectangle slid with tremendous speed down the corkscrew .
tr	NN	The ruling went in his favor .
tr	NN	His pulse still raced , but for positive reasons .
tr	NNS	Though the hour was late , a few couples in evening clothes were window-shopping at the funky storefronts along the route Forte had taken .
tr	NN	Death and life are one before the Eternal .
tr	NNS	All Lorraine 's struggles did was tire her .
tr	NNS	Dark , sharp edges poked out from every inch , repelling any desire to offer a cuddle , which is probably all the beast needed .
tr	NNS	possibilities lurking in the wings .
tr	NNS	Pounding footsteps vibrated to him through the floorboards .
tr	NNS	In the office of the Lady of Titan , serene strings sounded .
tr	NN	Some other Bickel ... lone of a clone of a clone - might have to sit here confronted by this same indecision .
tr	NNS	Their tongues touched and a blissful sensation went down her spine , making her body quiver .
tr	NNS	Then small objects began to fly through the air .
tr	NN	Her posture changed when she answered the phone .
tr	NNS	Their overalls looked bulky and I guessed they were wearing protective vests .
tr	NN	Then a huge torrent of water suddenly exploded out of the puddle , creating a pillar .
tr	NNS	Logan 's efforts seemed to be doing no good .
tr	NN	A cheap travel lodge would be fantastic .
tr	NNS	The knife sails over Antonio 's gun and outstretched arm , slicing into his throat and knocking him backwards onto the floor .
tr	NNS	All supernaturals had patterns that identified their species , and these ones confirmed what her nose had picked up .
tr	NNS	Suggested Questions to Think About and Discuss 1 .
tr	NNS	But only if the gates opened and his allies appeared .
tr	NN	" This mountain has many chambers beneath its surface .
tr	NN	This werewolf was about to kill them all .
tr	NNS	Enormous posh paintings hung on the wall next to elaborately decadent décor .
tr	NN	" I 'll soon put an end to that , " hissed the angry spider climbing back onto the branch .
tr	NN	The modest improvement in her mood lasted as far as the parking lot .
tr	NNS	His fans danced , sang along , and hollered out praise , but one woman stood out from among all of them .
tr	NN	Mandy 's roar of rage cut off her thoughts .
tr	NNS	Maud 's diaries and their location never came to mind again .
tr	NN	His clothing still hung in the closet , for Christ 's sake .
tr	NNS	Preliminary tests show the most promising results we have had thus far .
tr	NN	The other twin snapped at her sister .
tr	NN	" Your uncle lives with you ? "
tr	NNS	Mind romances are much easier .
tr	NNS	Wicked forks of lightning whipped from cloud to cloud , anger he couldn 't contain .
tr	NN	Another roar burst from his lips , and he tossed it to the domed ceiling .
tr	NN	A large campfire blazed nearby , and as I moved closer , I saw the boy 's grandfather crouched next to it .
tr	NNS	Looks like we have a plan . "
tr	NN	" A goal is not simply the place a football wants to be , it 's the place YOU want to be .
tr	NN	" My Maker teaches me to read script .
tr	NNS	The risks of failure increase by the hour .
tr	NN	The wraith drifted closer and the room turned into an icebox .
tr	NN	No sweetheart we 're not .
tr	NNS	" Yes , Isabella , there are other possibilities .
tr	NNS	At one time , your ancestors guided my path , kept me informed .
tr	NN	" I don 't know , but they can 't chase us forever , " answered the leader .
tr	NNS	Witches boil the animals and pluck out their eyeballs for potions . "
tr	NNS	" Others have wondered , too . "
tr	NNS	Finally , as in the first two books , the characters in this book are fictional .
tr	NNS	The doorways of cute little boutiques blurred past me as I ran .
tr	NNS	Reyes shook his head .
tr	NN	Every nerve in my body was shaking from my encounter with the Saunders .
tr	NNS	Lives that were lost would remain lost .
tr	NNS	As you have seen , my followers and I are doing well enough without the beast .
tr	NN	The insignia on the collars of his shirt under his field jacket indicated he was a major assigned to the Signal Corps .
tr	NN	The priest spun on his heel and peered hopefully through the gloom in Lew 's direction , but the man was still out cold .
tr	NN	Jack sat up , his relaxed playful face gone , replaced by a look of desire and want .
tr	NNS	In between were individual cases of victories , which included the Mel Kenyon public television interview and a reminder that a second interview would be forthcoming .
tr	NNS	" Surely my ancestors will forgive a broken piece of furniture for something like this . "
tr	NN	" The medical examiner hasn 't filed his final report yet , but I know a girl in his office : Theresa .
tr	NN	A blush was already heating her face at the possibility of anyone finding out about their love nest , literally in the middle of the lobby .
tr	NNS	The team members were trying to impress Hector !
tr	NN	Numerous clothing and curio shops lined both sides of the streets .
tr	NNS	Once she had made two or three turns , the spots began to show up with more frequency .
tr	NNS	And congratulations on your success today , sir , " she said with complete sincerity .
tr	NNS	Wolverine fans jumped up realizing their quarterback was running wide to the left .
tr	NN	" There is no proof of her death , but many believe she is dead .
tr	NNS	Are all clients checked in , and ready for transport ? "
tr	NNS	Even tied together , the two strips weren 't enough .
tr	NNS	Coffee drinkers never get along with tea drinkers . "
tr	NNS	Thoughts were crowding my mind , and coherently expressing them wasn 't easy .
tr	NNS	If I shift a millimeter , those talons will pierce my gut .
tr	NNS	Her white sneakers had disappeared to be replaced by a pair of blue formal shoes .
tr	NNS	Words ebbed and flowed until Ben 's hefty steak arrived , along with Hector 's pasta and Vero 's Waldorf salad .
tr	NNS	Things said at University council meetings don 't count . '
tr	NN	The Egg whirred to a halt in the darkness .
tr	NN	Fritz 's black and red canvas shivered above as he steadied himself .
tr	NN	The sergeant reached Dane 's guns and started to bend down to pick them up .
tr	NNS	The contents in the box were missing .
tr	NNS	Flames climb the blackened walls of the chapel , firemen circling with hoses to keep the surrounding forest from burning .
tr	NN	His goal has been to make it to that respected place and then change the views of our people about children born to rogues .
tr	NN	Does the author use symbols to reinforce the main idea ?
tr	NNS	" Well , since then , our northeastern district sales are down substantially . "
tr	NNS	Their effects are manifest in every phase of existence now .
tr	NN	The moment the year was up , the compulsion dropped away . "
tr	NNS	Others showed nothing more than the pink shine of a new burn .
tr	NN	Her innocence and her beauty stirred him , and without examining the sudden , fierce need that flamed to life within him , he kissed her .
tr	NN	His Grandfather had been in the merchant navy .
tr	NNS	The footsteps were almost upon him now and Jamie backed further into the corner of one of the stalls trying to make himself as small as possible .
tr	NN	Grief snuck into Holiday 's voice and Kylie 's own chest swelled with the emotion .
tr	NNS	Others broke propriety and slept together before they were married .
tr	NNS	Lit torches lined the walls , two water fountains bubbled to his sides , and numerous potted trees and plants stretched out their energy to his senses .
tr	NN	The birth of Tandy seems to have gone unrecorded , so I have placed it outside Dublin for the reasons stated in the narrative .
tr	NN	Our goal has always been to make this partnership work .
tr	NNS	Those mere inches of space spark with electricity , searing my already frayed nerves .
tr	NN	" It looks good on you , " said The Manager .
tr	NNS	Things were spiraling out of control .
tr	NNS	The warriors and their miserable booty were now quite close .
tr	NNS	" There are still many variables .
tr	NN	If anything , the aggressive ripping of her shirt seemed to send her to another level of desire .
tr	NNS	Now there are thousands . "
tr	NN	Love , S. Christchurch , New Zealand December 17th , 1943 Dear S , Hello again !
tr	NN	That bastard was blocking the door that 's why I couldn 't get out !
tr	NN	Instead of answering , her grandmother rushed forward as a wolf ran at Kateri .
tr	NN	My reputation spread , and other gunmen came to challenge me .
tr	NNS	how 's your eggs ? "
tr	NNS	Her clear inner eyelids slid across her large blue orbs in a tick similar to mine .
tr	NNS	But the ideas themselves are just ideas .
tr	NN	Oh , well , blending in with the crowd had never been his forte .
tr	NN	The Rescue of the Lost Souls at All Souls Day A dark planet was rising over hell taking the earth in its cold arms .
tr	NNS	The block 's edges angled inward , like a rubber stopper .
tr	NN	" Edgar -- " " Let me explain , " Edgar said , recognizing all too clearly the dangerous spark in his friend 's eye .
tr	NN	Her description of the chap who called for the doctor has changed repeatedly , except for his Irish brogue . "
tr	NNS	My sources believe they were killed by their own guards .
tr	NNS	" All these locations are manned , and the occupants may be heavily armed .
tr	NNS	" The colors are lovely , of course , but nothing says perfection like white . "
tr	NNS	The ten companions climbed into the launch along with packs full of provisions .
tr	NNS	Thoughts like that were pointless to dwell on .
tr	NN	The lace loosens and he pulls it away .
tr	NNS	Their protective suits steamed and dripped water onto the floor making them look like prehistoric animals newly emerged from the slime .
tr	NN	At the age of 16 , Sharon 's grandmother insisted on classical voice lessons .
tr	NNS	There was nothing smug in it , but Keller looked again .
tr	NNS	Little wisps of sunshine blond hair tumbled down from her up knot to curl around her delicate , oval face .
tr	NN	The audience en masse edged along the narrow rows and up the stairs to the exits .
tr	NN	" Does my Maker believe in this God ? "
tr	NN	My new partner , Deon , was a senior student , and a great actor .
tr	NN	" No ' addition ' for us , " I say .
tr	NNS	Their jaws were so limp a dentist could have gone straight to work .
tr	NN	A growl worked its way out of my chest and into the night .
tr	NNS	The bikes reached the access road once again .
tr	NN	The referee blew the whistle and Jason stepped in under center .
tr	NNS	The signs read Quarantine Area - Do Not Enter - 50,000 Volts .
tr	NN	Only after we had retired a speed round of girl gargoyle , guy gargoyle did Bill declare us ready to work with the text .
tr	NN	The bark was cold and brittle as it scraped against the soft topside of his foot .
tr	NN	The familiar scowl was present , but there was a little gleam in his eye .
tr	NNS	Peter 's protective instincts rose instantly to the fore as he read the vulnerability in her eyes .
tr	NN	" There is a stone ledge that runs the length of the sanctuary .
tr	NNS	To each side the mountain ranges faded off into the distance .
tr	NN	" I knew I 'd be the one screwed , " Chance said , voice deepening even more , " if I had you .
tr	NNS	After they made camp that night , the two wolves eventually showed themselves at last .
tr	NNS	The facts , after all , were clear .
tr	NNS	Barnabas had made his point and headed off towards other unscrupulous dealings .
tr	NNS	Two inches from his nose , bulging from the pocket .
tr	NN	Before he could contemplate it further , a crash sounded to his left .
tr	NNS	Paint spots dotted the floor and most of the walls .
tr	NN	The illustration portrayed an ecstatic young girl zipping along , hair flying from beneath a horned Viking style helmet .
tr	NN	This seating arrangement also meant that he could keep Charity on his left .
tr	NNS	The drums were louder .
tr	NNS	All six shots landed , sending Kevin 's cones toppling in the exact order Neil called .
tr	NN	His Janie was off to the ball and all Ian could do was hang on to the coach rail and try not to fall off .
tr	NN	This time Zach spilled the story , leaving the librarian visibly saddened for what the children had seen .
tr	NNS	My directions were clear : keep your damned eyes shut .
tr	NNS	There were some realities he 'd rather not face .
tr	NN	Despair had toppled anger .
tr	NNS	Chills surged down my neck , causing the hairs to stand on end with her demands .
tr	NNS	Her closest relatives were her Aunt and Uncle in San Diego .
tr	NNS	The final foes fell and a weak cheering broke out amongst the troops .
tr	NN	There 's a scratch or two , but that 's it .
tr	NNS	" Some texts came in on your phone , by the way .
tr	NN	A loud crash came from behind me and I skidded to the side of the large ER room .
tr	NN	To their left was a large industrial style rollup garage door .
tr	NN	My T-shirt and jeans immediately found a place on the floor .
tr	NN	The jaguar stretched , looked around and sniffed the air , testing with his tongue and sensitive whiskers .
tr	NNS	Alexis is working it .
tr	NNS	Your PJ buddies can rescue you out of the ocean .
tr	NNS	Words are just interpretations of our thoughts . "
tr	NNS	Strangers generally tended to address their remarks to someone else .
tr	NN	Her ad did say she was a successful businesswoman .
tr	NN	The chase was on .
tr	NN	Though good-hearted and sweet , Ben wasn 't much of art athlete , a fact chat endlessly infuriated her ex-husband .
tr	NN	An animal growl rumbled from his throat .
tr	NN	The throbbing spread to include a spot on the swell of her breast .
tr	NNS	The quickening footsteps pass the doorway , as a blood-curdling scream sends adrenaline coursing through Kayla .
tr	NN	" What does that trumpet plant look like ? "
tr	NNS	Aris exhaled , then began to talk .
tr	NNS	Reyes tossed a quick glance over his shoulder .
tr	NN	The tape spun on .
tr	NN	There was a jug of water on the table near the door , where the two guards had been sitting earlier .
tr	NN	What was your degree ? "
tr	NN	The tapping at the door grew more insistent .
tr	NN	So the other half pound balanced her legs now , big deal .
tr	NN	Idan 's chuckles faded away as he considered the question .
tr	NN	The garage sat nearly a hundred feet from the main structure and seemed to be in no immediate danger .
tr	NN	And then a wicked cackle .
tr	NN	A blush threatens to spread over mine , but I force it away .
tr	NNS	Looks of disbelief came at her from all directions .
tr	NN	Part of her wondered if her sister had done this on purpose to delay her leaving town .
tr	NN	" Of the two powers , bronze is by far the more subtle .
tr	NN	There was a roar from the Spell Wizard , and Bryony screamed when she saw a massive fireball heading straight for her .
tr	NNS	The elevators were out .
tr	NN	Part of him wondered if that was all it would take to stop the wheel from turning .
tr	NNS	Two shots rang out at once .
tr	NN	" You 're in no position to make demands , " the leader said .
tr	NNS	Images formed in her mind .
tr	NNS	My fingernails had seen better days , but they weren 't falling off or streaked black with demon juice .
tr	NNS	What the blazes was wrong with her ?
tr	NNS	" Things I don 't think you even need to know . "
tr	NNS	To the brother 's surprise , the bloated creatures listened to the Hag and stopped sucking , convening around her , as if she were their mother .
tr	NNS	" I was unaware that you were visiting the Wise Ones , " al ' Thor said .
tr	NN	The spark in Kelly 's eyes muted to muddy brown .
tr	NNS	With each flicker of the word vacancy , her temples throbbed .
tr	NN	His inability to cope with the added load was beginning to take him down .
tr	NNS	Her punches grew weaker , then ceased .
tr	NN	The texture of the old wood came through so clearly .
tr	NN	The restraints blackened , the arm iron broke .
tr	NNS	Spanish moss trailed from the marshy trees like sooty bridal veils , at once both beautiful and sad .
tr	NNS	The three apprentices regained their bearings and surrounded the kami once again .
tr	NN	A gentle puff of steam was the only clue of his departure .
tr	NN	" Ok , thank you . "
tr	NN	Even the upstairs maid who brought in a tray of food said nothing .
tr	NN	A seemingly endless prison of trees flashed past them .
tr	NNS	The chances are , I won 't even have to speak with anyone anyway , so it might be all right . "
tr	NN	Thinking of it this way cools my temper considerably .
tr	NN	' I think you 'll find we can , ' Love said as he pulled out his badge .
tr	NNS	And these two twins were there , beautiful women with soft wavy red hair , and they knelt like angels in church with their hands folded .
tr	NNS	These scraps of lace certainly gave her confidence , something severely lacking in her right at the moment .
tr	NN	A sacrifice isn 't always death . "
tr	NN	" Either a hermit or a monk , not both , " I corrected out of habit .
tr	NNS	Others claim predators reside there who are best left alone .
tr	NN	The jaguar was female , her thick fur spotted with dark rosettes and , in spite of the rain , blood .
tr	NN	Each patient thrust brought her closer , closer to feeling his heart beat with hers .
tr	NNS	The fountains pulsed blood , and what floated on top of the liquid was not flowers but open severed hands .
tr	NN	Here also are Legolas the Elf and Gimli the Dwarf , our comrades .
tr	NNS	The colors of his uniform brightened , as if he 'd stepped into a stronger light .
tr	NN	A kiss here , a lick of my tongue there , a gentle nip or two with my teeth as I worked my way down his body .
tr	NN	Any neighbor walking by the house would have thought a mass murder was in progress .
tr	NN	Part of her knew she should have felt guilty about the invitation , but she couldn 't quite summon the emotion .
tr	NN	Here , " the attorney offered , and handed Sam the written statement .
tr	NN	The prison , while a more practical purpose is loss of freedom .
tr	NNS	In times like these , " he amended his magnum opus fiercely as he opened fire , " even poets must draw the sword ! "
tr	NNS	Their figures faded at the end of the corridor .
tr	NN	Who is your employer ? "
tr	NNS	Dogs are , by nature , creatures of instinct .
tr	NN	" No , sir , " the first mate answered .
tr	NN	A glint came into his eyes , and Sam catching the gleam in the darkness thought it far from pleasant .
tr	NNS	Lots of tourists come through for the mountains ... If you drive up there , you 'll see the wildflowers .
tr	NN	Muscle mass was appearing before my eyes .
tr	NN	The wisdom is to know that the Mineral Is Naturally Erased when it is spent on foolishness . "
tr	NN	An enormous flatscreen TV hung on the wall above a fireplace with a quartet of plush chairs centered in front of it .
tr	NN	The creak of footsteps sounded in the hall before Tiger Chandler ducked his head into the kitchen .
tr	NN	' A necessary precaution , I 'm afraid ; but one I finally hope to set right . '
tr	NNS	The chances are the bastard would have killed you when you walked out of the bush if he 'd been alive . "
tr	NNS	There were no trains , no buses , not even any real roads .
tr	NN	The dark warrior riding it reached down as the beast jumped the fire pit , grabbing a long branch of burning wood !
tr	NN	There 's folk in from all over , lookin ' for the blue coats to help .
tr	NN	Her tail flipped over her head , poised for the kill .
tr	NNS	But the experiences of being chased , learning something of the truth about his family and travelling to this place had given him new ideas .
tr	NNS	The flakes had stopped falling for now , though a look at the sky told Keeley they would begin falling again at any moment .
tr	NN	A saving grace he would take .
tr	NNS	As the roaster crows the sister 's wake up to the smell of breakfast their mothers have been busy baking .
tr	NN	The swirled pattern of primary colors of each glass knob on her white cabinets looked elegant , thanks to his craftsmanship .
tr	NN	The incoherent reproduction of the world appears to me as an enticing alternative to reality .
tr	NNS	All signs pointed to that reality , but I 'd just assumed it was another love child of Jacob 's father .
tr	NNS	Burning boards , splinters , nails , and shingles sprayed in the air , flying around a man in black .
tr	NNS	Reyes relaxed , but only slightly .
tr	NN	Their last exchange hadn 't been good .
tr	NNS	The scales on its stomach were a dull red and gold colour , while those on top were green with red flecks .
tr	NN	And there was the complication of involving someone else in the plot .
tr	NN	" So , no whispering ideas into your ear ?
tr	NNS	More than that , his own fears of losing her heightened his animal instincts , the primitive side of him that demanded he take what was his .
tr	NN	In the airport parking garage , there is a classic Mercedes convertible that I 've been playing with for several months .
tr	NN	The vow seemed far too simple for the weight of its consequences , and I turned my steely gaze toward Hank .
tr	NN	There was always agony and punishment involved in the service she gave .
tr	NNS	A few objections from Mr. Hynes couldn 't stop the story being told , of Garrity threatening to kill Coughlin .
tr	NN	Her instinct was to roll to her side , and the very instinct indeed saved her life .
tr	NN	One day several months ago , her mother-in-law had come over and packed up everything of David 's , insisting it all be taken from the house .
tr	NN	The pilot reluctantly did as he was told .
tr	NNS	The drops were no longer falling from above ; they slanted at an angle from the west .
tr	NN	Her writing partner is a bunny named Avalon who contributes to each manuscript by trying to eat it .
tr	NN	His Colt was snug in its holster , but in his upraised hand , he held a burning flare .
tr	NNS	A dozen similar ID cards , all with some minor defects , sit in a pile next to Sandor 's main computer .
tr	NN	That warrior nodded , turned and bellowed my order to someone else .
tr	NN	Immediately my shield goes up and sends it flying into the wall .
tr	NN	Her tail is only a genetic marker , passed down through the Chiefly line .
tr	NNS	Flickering images faded with age , frozen thoughts hovering precariously in dead space , a whirlwind of memories that slice through my soul .
tr	NN	My forearm is raw and bleeding when I feel the first of the beast 's legs begin to make their way up my body .
tr	NN	Reality was never to be the same .
tr	NNS	The scales went across her back as well ; all the scales sparkled with colors of the rainbow .
tr	NN	" How does your uncle connect with your ex ?
tr	NNS	Just thinking about it , my pulse increases and my heart slams against my chest .
tr	NNS	" Baby tigers are so cute . "
tr	NNS	His protective instincts wouldn 't allow him to wait passively behind .
tr	NNS	Reyes laughed , then slid his hand in her hair , cupping the back of her neck .
tr	NNS	No signs of life were detectable .
tr	NN	" Therefore my theory must be correct .
tr	NN	Jeff 's scowl deepened .
tr	NNS	Horrible burns and blinding light kept us at bay and allowed them to corner us in our homes and cut us down one by one .
tr	NNS	Things he could do to her .
tr	NN	Upon opening it , a lovely female visage appeared .
tr	NN	We ' l take care of her together . "
tr	NNS	These ladies in the camp chatted among themselves about the young couple they have rescued from the wood .
tr	NNS	But there were also differences .
tr	NN	The cottage was Aunt Pol 's domain , and she had strong feelings about people who tracked snow across her spotless floors .
tr	NN	But the impersonal encounters he preferred to seek out never involved touching or embracing or kissing .
tr	NNS	" Empty suits of armour can 't move . "
tr	NN	The gown wasn 't as fancy as one of Carlotta 's , but she wouldn 't have fit into any of those .
tr	NNS	And to make things even much more troublesome , there were two opponents against me .
tr	NN	A throaty growl rumbled from his mouth .
tr	NNS	The knockout drops would keep him under for at least an hour , and that was plenty of time .
tr	NN	A gentleman would be considerate and allow her some privacy but he was too enchanted by this side of her .
tr	NN	Either the captain himself was a member of royalty or a favorite of some king or queen .
tr	NN	The décor was indeed rustic .
tr	NN	The groaning anchor winch was still rumbling inside the ship when Butch pointed and bellowed something .
tr	NN	" Where is my uncle , anyway ?
tr	NNS	Her eyelids were heavy , but the cold denied her sleep .
tr	NNS	A few loose petals spiralled to the ground .
tr	NN	Even though that snake , James Caldwell , tried to make me out to be a liar .
tr	NNS	Then , four figures appeared from stage right .
tr	NN	The government and all are doing stuff right ?
tr	NNS	Others were of blood-soaked battlefields .
tr	NNS	The servants haven 't come back for it , too afraid of catching the contagion .
tr	NN	The two coal black wisdom filled pupils were also youthful and vibrant .
tr	NN	Terror often made a mother yell when they felt more like crying .
tr	NN	How is that science ? "
tr	NNS	Finally , it was fully stocked will all the types of communication equipment it could need .
tr	NNS	Wings , body and legs abruptly lengthened , grew and stretched .
tr	NNS	Their grins of relief vanished as they glanced across the surrounding landscape .
tr	NN	One page in The Caster Chronicles , and I can go home .
tr	NNS	The elves turned their backs ( and one moose butt ) and rode away .
tr	NNS	All full blood members died centuries past .
tr	NNS	His eyelids fluttered open .
tr	NN	" But this false arrest is bigger than just me and my husband .
tr	NNS	Flowers -- why hadn 't I thought to bring flowers ?
tr	NN	In his hand was a perfect chocolate cupcake with a candle on top .
tr	NN	The spring sunshine from the opposite window glinted off the shiny surface .
tr	NNS	Looks like I get my throw down after all , just not the one stipulated by Marshall .
tr	NNS	The fierceness of my kiss seemed to startle him , but Owen 's arms snaked around me , pulling me even closer .
tr	NNS	Gone were the tall spires -- the tallest one replaced by a cloud of smoke and dust .
tr	NN	With a furious thrust the lance flew down into the water .
tr	NNS	There are currently millions of people taking some form of these sedative drugs .
tr	NNS	Animals have become sick .
tr	NNS	His movements with the reins seemed weary , and he looked up in surprise when he saw her step away from the stable wall .
tr	NNS	The warriors had formed their own packs , Lucian and Gabriel directing them , and they were meeting the wolves on equal terms .
tr	NN	The Nomad 's arrival , had scattered the creatures , they knew the Nomads would kill them , then feast on their flesh .
tr	NNS	The visitors fell silent , respectful of the King 's representative .
tr	NN	There was more conviction in her voice this time .
tr	NNS	Before he could answer , sirens screamed through the ship and the emergency lights flashed .
tr	NNS	The villagers will use any excuse to make fun of someone .
tr	NN	A big fat zero . "
tr	NN	Outside the window behind him , dusk was gathering on the west lawn .
tr	NN	Before he was dead , another agent came racing into the room , his weapon at the ready .
tr	NN	The trick now was to make her feel good about it .
tr	NNS	Flames quickly erupted in the fireplace .
tr	NN	The desk sergeant pressed the switch to allow him entry , having alerted his two colleagues .
tr	NN	Promptly standing , her posture is not that of fear , but of insisting respect .
tr	NNS	Battle images with strange , frightening animals appeared on each side of the flame designs .
tr	NNS	" Empty apartments , " Rick said .
tr	NN	The tail raked across the boundary line of trees , over their heads .
tr	NN	The description of the big man , complete with a nasty scar behind his left ear , tweaked her immediately .
tr	NNS	" Your instincts were perfect . "
tr	NN	My birthday had been just three days ago , on Saturday .
tr	NN	Coming from the kitchen , no , through the kitchen .
tr	NNS	" How much are the repairs going to cost ? "
tr	NN	One brunette and one blonde .
tr	NNS	Things will happen at the right time . "
tr	NNS	Solar flares were continuous .
tr	NN	Every nerve ending in her body was alive and pulsing .
tr	NN	There was no option to decline .
tr	NN	A sudden shriek from the bathroom made him whirl and rush toward the door , but he found it locked .
tr	NN	The high school scenario of two teens fooling around dissolved .
tr	NNS	The would-be murders outside must have gotten impatient because suddenly a deadly barrage of bolts punched through the tent at a variety of angles .
tr	NN	The goblin quickly opened the envelope and pulled out the money .
tr	NNS	His footsteps faltered about halfway there when the Boss 's high-pitched voice called his name .
tr	NNS	There were two large blood spots on the driveway .
tr	NNS	" There are frogs and water snakes .
tr	NNS	Things look weird , sound weird .
tr	NN	" Not bad , " the captain mused aloud .
tr	NN	She was wearing William 's cloak now , the hood pulled over her bent head shadowed her features and hid her hair .
tr	NNS	Things like ex-girlfriends you can find with a Google search . "
tr	NN	Even in the midst of his lustful cravings , The Master still had enough sense to realize what that meant , and what he had lost .
tr	NN	" Your witness , " she said .
tr	NNS	Horton 's companions gave a round of applause with cheers , but were soon silenced when they saw the long , scowl faces that beleaguered them .
tr	NNS	As the sun fell , the bits would go to the cricket field and wait for the men to return .
tr	NNS	Its jaws were open but not moving .
tr	NN	The twinkle in her eyes told him she had seen Dan Jansen 's reactions too .
tr	NN	The local vodka is all right if you down it with tonic water .
tr	NNS	The two other members nodded and this time she had a harder time blinking back the tears .
tr	NN	Instead the bastard wore a triumphant grin frozen to his face by the pain and the frigid cold .
tr	NN	Microscopic analysis of the metal revealed an unusually dense atomic structure , made up of macromolecular structures of gold atoms fitted tightly together like a jigsaw puzzle .
tr	NN	From fifty feet below , a vile stench hits my nose , like rotted corpses in the summer heat .
tr	NNS	Sure , there were more than a few bizarre characters walking around .
tr	NNS	There were marble floors everywhere , which replaced the old orange carpet .
tr	NN	This conflict will come , whether we wish it or not . "
tr	NNS	" Some whores just can 't get enough of dicks . "
tr	NNS	And your churches and your chapels are the worst with all the bells .
tr	NNS	' OK , there are cameras in the corridors but if you look down it will be impossible for them to detect you .
tr	NNS	The Jets could have dragged Roman away in any direction .
tr	NN	Plus his goal was not to kill , only to distract .
tr	NN	If I may , my goddess , offer another suggestion .
tr	NN	" Poison like that doesn 't work on everyone . "
tr	NN	Dove leaps into action , hooves digging up half circles of dirt behind her , and we tear after Finn .
tr	NN	He couldn , t really feel the rain on his body , except for his eyelids .
tr	NNS	Their seats faced the back of the hall , in the balcony , in an inside row .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of Kara dominated the left side of the old brain .
tr	NNS	Demetrius bestows a kiss on young Quentin .
tr	NN	His own reputation for using his fists didn 't help .
tr	NNS	The runes were a figment of his imagination , a resilient fantasy from the previous day 's trauma .
tr	NN	Taking a quick look to his left , the bard saw several of the ' Raiders from around the campfire rushing in his direction .
tr	NNS	Nicodemus shook his head .
tr	NNS	How many members are in his little cult ? "
tr	NN	" Andra 's shield went down just as Ronan started .
tr	NN	An odd , strangled chuckle escaped him , as if he 'd been trying to hold it in and failed .
tr	NN	His suffering , his agony , had been hers .
tr	NN	the admiral questions with surprise .
tr	NN	" One coin , will buy you one pull . "
tr	NNS	There were a few clients , very few , who were actually looking for love .
tr	NNS	But the pills had led to Biff and Todd being arrested ... so maybe her kidnapping wasn 't related to Morley after all .
tr	NN	Her jaguar should be reacting adversely , but instead she looked at him sleepily and yawned .
tr	NN	The hairstyle was almost girlish .
tr	NNS	Yet the gorillas were still here .
tr	NN	The tour was one of the activities Lily had planned ahead of time to give their vacation a starting point .
tr	NNS	His light caresses sent a ripple of desire through me .
tr	NNS	Life jackets in a variety of shapes , sizes , and colors hung from them .
tr	NNS	The images were disconcerting .
tr	NNS	The prayers were my favorite , this one especially .
tr	NN	No hesitation with the kerf marks . "
tr	NNS	However small your chances of success are if you got those chances - are zero if you do not go .
tr	NN	His hair was still damp from the shower , training garb switched for a dark T-shirt and jeans .
tr	NN	Part of him knew tricking her was wrong , but the rest of him didn 't give a shit .
tr	NNS	But soon other creatures jumped from the building .
tr	NNS	Three shots rang out just as a smile spread across Moses ' face .
tr	NN	There was a far bigger predator out there tonight , hunting the woods .
tr	NN	The announcement had said the newlyweds would honeymoon in Mexico .
tr	NN	The colonel , as VIN knew , was a C-5 pilot and he found out that she had flown since she was a teenager .
tr	NNS	Animals in rotary cages slowly pulled broken engines or the rusty shells of cars along the main streets .
tr	NNS	The unknown planets and stars on the other side of the map are orange colored .
tr	NN	Eyes wide , Nurse Idiot propelled herself to the nurse 's station and shakily snatched up the phone .
tr	NNS	If he chose a twelve character phrase , the aliens may have taken over the planet by the time anybody knows the answer . "
tr	NNS	Gently rolling hills spread outward , covered in manicured lawns and dotted by other stands of palm trees .
tr	NN	" Wha ' sorta video games ? "
tr	NNS	After the dissolution all Royal Families , not just in Great Britain , lost their power and their name .
tr	NN	His tuxedo fit him perfectly .
tr	NNS	The remaining creatures began to scatter , sensing a shift in the tide as more of Gideon 's vampires emerged .
tr	NNS	Twice gangs had come close to him , but had changed their minds .
tr	NN	In the background was the peaked white tip of the Matterhorn .
tr	NNS	There was nothing flirtatious in her behavior toward me , not at all what I would have expected from the Goddess of Love .
tr	NN	After catching his eye , the captain removed his hat and waved it in salute before putting his arm behind his back and bowing deeply .
tr	NNS	Worse , fleas leapt off the comb onto me instead of back onto him .
tr	NN	" Got ta ' go sweetheart .
tr	NNS	Your withdraw symptoms are becoming more pronounced every moment . "
tr	NNS	" The pills kicking in yet ? "
tr	NN	The spider crouched and staggered as they started to crawl over its face and burrow under its skin .
tr	NN	This last batch of girls had upset him .
tr	NNS	" What are the chances this was a routine malfunction ? "
tr	NN	The general murmuring died down and the crowd took up positions to hear the customary speech .
tr	NN	There was no way Chance would let that happen .
tr	NN	Chase roused slowly , a sickly sweet , smoky stench drifting up his nostrils and pulling him out of the darkness of a thick , heavy sleep .
tr	NN	As he turned the second corner , there was a faint crash of metal from above , and he pulled up short .
tr	NN	A vine curled to the right of Sula , ending at a long , slender , black stick with a red ruby on top .
tr	NN	My Midwestern accent must have thrown him off .
tr	NN	Only the quiet rustle of the tree 's leaves greeted her back .
tr	NN	The black mountain of steel rose before them out of the waves without warning .
tr	NN	The gardener had obviously taken care to protect the plants once it had started snowing .
tr	NN	the novice said , gasping for air .
tr	NNS	The apprentices were all two-star apprentices .
tr	NNS	Something shimmered in his mind and reality started to bend and stretch into an endless tunnel .
tr	NN	Somewhere a photograph of the guy must exist .
tr	NNS	Around the table in the command conference room of the Unified Worlds Tower , the members of the Defense Directorate exchanged glances .
tr	NNS	Images of Sabrina being broken like Amelia ran through his head in a disturbing montage .
tr	NNS	Others used the cars parked along the street as cover .
tr	NN	Despite the wild chaos in the camp , Alexei 's piercing whistle caught the ponies ' attention .
tr	NN	Your treatment shall be according to your behaviour . "
tr	NN	The sergeant grunted from behind .
tr	NNS	The signs on the fronts of stores were exclusively in Russian , and the residents didn 't care if you could understand it .
tr	NN	Part of the resident torture . "
tr	NN	The roar suddenly ends and is replaced by absolute silence .
tr	NNS	When it rains the roads turn to mud , and that will stop any army dead in its tracks .
tr	NNS	The three rows of teeth winked out of sight .
tr	NNS	Things began to point at the Lone Star State in a big way now .
tr	NNS	As I was getting older , the characters and the story line changed , but the idea behind who the Unknowns were , always stayed the same .
tr	NN	Some electricity surging through his body might loosen his tongue before we kill him . "
tr	NNS	Most supernaturals had a thing about ghosts .
tr	NNS	" Guns make good threats , but vampires should die by their own weapons . "
tr	NN	A melody spreads from a corner .
tr	NNS	Amazing women warriors with supernatural skills made a good story .
tr	NN	Jazz fisted her hands .
tr	NN	The misery he heard in her voice made him ache .
tr	NNS	Two hundred feet down , horizontal galleries started to appear off the central shaft .
tr	NN	The music teacher I had as a child eventually deemed me impossible to work with .
tr	NN	A half-smile played at the corner of his mouth , giving him a playful air .
tr	NNS	" The facts are unclear , Mistress .
tr	NN	The contract is short , but if the executives love your work , " he shrugged , " you may be offered a full-time position . "
tr	NN	" I suppose that depends on what you mean by magic , " the dragon said in a low but pleasant voice .
tr	NN	Would a tape deck ?
tr	NNS	A black abyss opened before them with an unexpected blast of vanilla .
tr	NNS	Our minds went straight into battle reflex mode and we got our guns and ammunition and fired back as hard as we could .
tr	NN	Their language sounded like rapid tones and harsh notes .
tr	NNS	The torches were much brighter than those of the Forest , and she made good time back to the outer door .
tr	NN	A small jug hung at her side , protected by a snug leather holder and a strap that went over her shoulder .
tr	NN	Copper was the chief metal in a world that couldn 't work with iron .
tr	NNS	The colors made the water seem even more inviting , and she walked over to the pool to give herself time to collect her thoughts .
tr	NNS	The flyers scatter around us .
tr	NNS	In Puget Sound there are slugs that big , banana slugs .
tr	NN	The cafeteria looked like the one at school ; it had tables and chairs which led to a counter at the far end .
tr	NNS	Romulus came next , and Viktor slid in last under the shadow .
tr	NNS	Recent Runes sat down again .
tr	NN	" Happy birthday , buddy , " Kelly said as he stared out into the night sky and finished off his beer .
tr	NNS	Myles wouldn 't have thought much of it .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids started fluttering with rapid eye movement .
tr	NN	The snake was clear as day just below where his belt would hit like I 'd calculated before .
tr	NN	Her pulse did its usual skip on contact .
tr	NN	The lead singer moved forward , reclaiming his microphone .
tr	NN	A ping sounded in her ear .
tr	NNS	Fifteen documents contained both names .
tr	NN	" Early this morning a neighbor called to report an intruder on Nesbitt 's property here in Cass Lake .
tr	NN	There was a click as the lock returned into being .
tr	NN	The murderer , whatever or whoever it is , must be traveling north .
tr	NN	" Your witness , " Grover directed .
tr	NN	She felt grateful that Jason had allowed her to regain her senses , had given her the option to stop or proceed .
tr	NNS	Things happen , however , Jolene was most likely on the right track with what would probably happen to her .
tr	NN	His careful y polite inquiries yielded up neither destination nor explanation .
tr	NNS	The tightness in his throat grew even harder to fight , but fight it he did .
tr	NN	The benefit of this , of course , is that the Breath can be drawn back out again .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared as he sucked in his breath , the blood rising in his face .
tr	NN	A loud roar tore from Devon as his ribs fractured and Robert 's fingers scrambled to rip out his heart .
tr	NNS	Alexis sent three hundred of her deadliest warriors ahead of Xavier to secure and check the location inside and out for any traps .
tr	NN	A Shifter birth was an Event , apparently , and everyone attending was male .
tr	NNS	He continued to pound his ax on the ground and with each blow of the ax , the warriors cried out .
tr	NN	A bullet had grazed his neck .
tr	NN	There was no honor in that bloodshed .
tr	NN	The healing agent seals the wound and if we desire , the skin itself . "
tr	NNS	Cobblestone roads connected the busy shops .
tr	NNS	Soon the companions were all in their saddles , riding out of the stable gate into the square .
tr	NN	However , the dawn , noon , and sunset prayers do not start exactly at dawn , noon , and sunset .
tr	NNS	Of course the colors were different .
tr	NN	" Yes , cara mia .
tr	NN	Her every nerve quivered at beholding his magnificence , at entering his orbit .
tr	NN	The odour of the pill was strong and full of musk .
tr	NNS	Others were merely afraid . "
tr	NNS	And there are thousands upon thousands of undead , and their numbers grow every day , at will .
tr	NN	Part of his training as a psychiatrist had taken this into account .
tr	NN	Her h * ps pushed forward .
tr	NN	There by the door was a neatly folded stack of clothes atop the shorter cabinet .
tr	NN	Perhaps your appetite lies elsewhere . "
tr	NN	The captain nodded tightly .
tr	NN	" There 's a strong pulse .
tr	NNS	Those idiots have their decrypt box plugged into a wireless router .
tr	NNS	Just when I thought that they would be getting on the bus to check permits , the air raid sirens sounded .
tr	NN	' The paint 's cracking on the backdrop .
tr	NNS	" Her tits are glorious .
tr	NNS	The other areas of diseased lands have similar names .
tr	NN	The mere manner of his bearing commanded attention and respect .
tr	NN	" Nothing yet , " the sheriff said .
tr	NNS	Her expressions betrayed her acceptance .
tr	NN	A dwarf mine under the city !
tr	NNS	Marius was just a foot away when another bubble of yellow energy popped in his face .
tr	NNS	Various insects and animals moved about -- those that handled the cold weather well enough to function and survive .
tr	NN	Is the race fixed ? "
tr	NNS	The warriors of the tribe let out a great cry , Karn was dead , long live their new King .
tr	NNS	Cassius sat down next to me and took my hands in his .
tr	NN	The bespectacled secretary looked down on him .
tr	NNS	" Forensic technicians don 't have job-related calls after midnight .
tr	NN	Even Ogg , for whom nothing could really be a surprise , sat up and took notice .
tr	NN	The yard will be okay . "
tr	NN	Song smiled , her dark eyes gazing intently into Echo 's .
tr	NN	A low creak sounded downstairs .
tr	NNS	There were many game trails , snow mobile trails and off road tracks that cut through the woods at random .
tr	NN	" The king 's agenda is of tremendous importance and secrecy .
tr	NNS	Our tongues mingle in a sexy dance .
tr	NN	A roar of approval swept through the crowd .
tr	NNS	The werewolves we killed were obviously just there to drop off the prisoners .
tr	NNS	Lots of psychos seem like nice guys at first .
tr	NNS	Anything with warm blood in its veins became prey , species were extinct in minutes .
tr	NN	" This election is important . "
tr	NNS	Odysseus was looking for goods from inland , even from far India , brought on wagon trains from the east .
tr	NNS	The great gates swung open with the low groan of metal on metal as the old man worked the levers and gears .
tr	NNS	" And wolves do too attack humans .
tr	NNS	Things have changed since you left .
tr	NN	The applause faded into the background as her eyes locked onto me .
tr	NN	A flutter of nerves went through Kelly 's stomach , though he wasn 't sure why .
tr	NNS	The long blades tickled slightly , but he ignored them as he took a small step toward her .
tr	NN	' The frigging little bitch stabbed me .
tr	NN	A bullet went through the wall between the classrooms and struck Sarah , killing her instantly .
tr	NN	A lamp lies shattered on the wood floor .
tr	NN	Thinking of Nick made Danni think of Justin .
tr	NN	The medicine will help you sleep and take away the pain . "
tr	NN	Each seed contains as much light as your sun ! "
tr	NNS	Girls were wearing miniskirts with really cute tops .
tr	NN	What would the likes of me do with a stunningly gorgeous woman like her ?
tr	NNS	" My spies have located it . "
tr	NN	Jazz felt her eyebrows quirk again .
tr	NN	" The medication , though , it 's like I don 't even know him anymore .
tr	NN	A pattern developed between us after that .
tr	NN	Before I could recover , another searing stab seized my leg and I reached down further , crying out again .
tr	NNS	Her nostrils flared again but not in anger .
tr	NNS	Even her gray sweatpants and imprinted T-shirt said normal teen , and he appreciated the change .
tr	NN	His sacrifice saved lives .
tr	NN	The van took off at a sedate pace , with Marcos securely cuffed hand and foot behind the driver 's seat .
tr	NN	The knight was somehow not as Altair remembered him .
tr	NN	So we ' re leaving just as soon as I 'm able to move without reeling like I 'm going to fall into a million pieces . "
tr	NN	A low growl rumbled in his throat , the sound like that of a wild beast .
tr	NN	A fire pit that had been intended for cooking was going to be our heat source .
tr	NNS	The twins had not arrived to take up their post in the lobby again , if they were still keeping vigil .
tr	NN	" Your inherent grace . "
tr	NNS	How hard did their ancestors live ?
tr	NNS	The companions walked most of the day without speaking , keeping a brisk pace , stopping only for brief moments to get food and water .
tr	NNS	As the days slipped into weeks and then became a month , Elena 's fears gradually subsided .
tr	NN	The briefcase thumped to the floor .
tr	NN	" Ok shoot . "
tr	NNS	The ladies never seem to be quite sure what to make of that smile .
tr	NN	At too young an age , his innate sensuality and stunning countenance had exposed him to the lascivious interest of those who were jaded and immoral .
tr	NN	Nathan 's backyard is a large open area that slopes up the side of a hill .
tr	NNS	The roads leading to this village are not on any map .
tr	NN	The beeping continued , warning them to punch in the code to disarm the alarm .
tr	NNS	The drugs must have kicked in .
tr	NN	How sparse their literature must be without the colours of humanity allowed to fly and bloom .
tr	NN	The small celebration resumed and all pretended all was well .
tr	NN	" My Maker is safe from this ? "
tr	NN	The fridge was also well stocked with local produce , smoked salmon , venison steaks , cheese .
tr	NNS	Before long , the unicorns ' horns , and the centaurs ' bows , arrows , axes , swords , and shields were all bewitched .
tr	NNS	Rufus said in a hushed voice cleaning out his ears at the same time .
tr	NNS	What could teachers do to help people who are being bullied ?
tr	NNS	Reyes was already weak .
tr	NN	Her spine straightened with a stiff dignity .
tr	NN	The black pedestal that opened the interior of the Obelisk emerged from the ground where it slept .
tr	NNS	The castle ghosts didn 't want to go , so they had hidden in the cellar again along with all the balloons and the party stuff .
tr	NN	" You 've seen wings pop out of a man 's back , daughter , " the grandmother said staunchly .
tr	NNS	Marius swung at her again in slow motion , a wide swing that Haven easily deflected away from her body .
tr	NN	The travel agent was friendly and spoke perfect English .
tr	NNS	The two immortals take each of Julienne 's arms , clasping her between them , and somehow they exit without needing either octopus card or ticket .
tr	NNS	" My apologies for being late , " Miss Adler said as she swept briskly around to the seat behind the desk .
tr	NN	Her fur is really soft , and she smells so sweet .
tr	NN	" Ok , tell them . "
tr	NN	There was a gap in the attacks , but they started up again earlier this year .
tr	NNS	Things will get better . "
tr	NN	" What is the vendetta ? "
tr	NN	But before she could take her fist step up , a loud thud sounded from the back of the room .
tr	NN	The intruder had dragged the don from his bed .
tr	NNS	Words again flowed across the screen and the printer rattled with its text .
tr	NN	A roar started in her ears , her pulse louder than the waves rushing in with inevitability .
tr	NNS	Well , mostly , there were a few changes that were frightening and unsettling .
tr	NN	The gryphon bowed his head , then nudged me with it .
tr	NN	Then the conversation would turn to Scott , the tape recorder still rotating , still capturing everything .
tr	NNS	And the members of the Jones family , I suppose .
tr	NN	" The tail comes out first so that the baby can swim to the surface as soon as it 's free . "
tr	NN	My master , Dr. Horvath , said I should seek you out . "
tr	NNS	The aliens could be watching .
tr	NN	His orgasm would last for several minutes .
tr	NNS	There are boards that pave the way to the other side and the floor sways underneath my feet as I step onto it .
tr	NN	Everyone dismounted and the sergeant barked a few commands .
tr	NNS	Then the Slav leaders laughed .
tr	NN	As they approached , they noticed two small figures sitting on the porch steps , a bundle wrapped in a blanket at their feet .
tr	NN	His C-17 squadron motto had gone into overtime today .
tr	NN	The captain looks around , waiting for a volunteer .
tr	NN	Then , the accessory that annoyed her even to think about -- the cat collar .
tr	NNS	As much as they pretended to want the thrill of that danger , Shifter groupies didn 't like it when the danger was real .
tr	NNS	Soft strands of light were in tatters though , frayed and scorched .
tr	NN	Zero 's analysis confirmed what he was already planning ; avoid his foes strengths and make use of his own .
tr	NN	Their hatred was tangible .
tr	NN	In that way , his vows couldn 't be more real .
tr	NNS	Few items remained in the cases .
tr	NNS	The goons behind me releases me and run down the corridor , but James isn 't as easily fooled .
tr	NNS	Lots of women wear men 's shirts , and I told myself not to be paranoid about its presence .
tr	NNS	No explosive runes hidden in the steps .
tr	NNS	The woven strands held the boy 's cries , and Jaxon , as sensitive as she was , could not help but feel them .
tr	NN	The yelling proved that they were both still alive , after all .
tr	NNS	Others use it in their experiments .
tr	NN	The determination rushing through my veins muted the fiery sensation of being shot to a sharp sting .
tr	NNS	The McDonald warriors stared with open mouths at Seamus , who was soundly unconscious on the ground .
tr	NN	" A farewell tour for your music , " I said .
tr	NNS	" Our competitors do that ? "
tr	NNS	But finally his kisses began to hone in on the soft flesh of my inner thighs .
tr	NN	Their Princess didn 't need to tell them this for them to know .
tr	NNS	The tunnels were seriously creepy .
tr	NNS	There were just two areas with which she was familiar in here -- the cabinet containing her snacks , and the fridge stocked with her beverages .
tr	NNS	Other ladies of the party cast glances at the men and whispered , Cameron drawing as many gazes as Bellamy .
tr	NN	His master shifted in his sleep , giving a loud snort before breathing normally and quietly .
tr	NN	A stack of unopened envelopes lay on top of his desk , and I picked them up .
tr	NN	The lifeboat was in the street .
tr	NNS	The slide changes and a few more pictures appear .
tr	NN	The bike rode straight past when Nick and his shadow turned into the Route 38 diner 's car park .
tr	NN	The heady fragrance of the flowers filled her senses .
tr	NN	On the far side , a sparkling cascade poured into it , flowing along a series of cataracts from the neighboring , higher lands .
tr	NN	The optimism in her suggestion skated thinly over her mounting panic .
tr	NN	The iron that has pumped through my veins for two years melts , turns back to warm blood .
tr	NN	As Mamma always says , there 's no accounting for -- " She stopped to examine another lipstick .
tr	NNS	The shots hit Howard 's chest .
tr	NNS	The two inept minions charged up and out of the brush towards Camden crunching twigs underfoot as they went .
tr	NNS	Only members of the fraternity got to park in the driveway .
tr	NNS	Serena 's midnight blue scales flare , and this time she doesn 't fight back the glow growing in her hair .
tr	NN	The Sunday edition , just like I 'd planned it back in the office of The Stars and Stripes .
tr	NNS	Just as I steadied myself , the lasers returned .
tr	NN	Jazz had figured that .
tr	NNS	The twins choked in tandem on their beers .
tr	NNS	The torches gave off enough light for Rema to see the inside of her cell .
tr	NN	But if I tried that without digging a hole first , the trailer would just slide along the ground .
tr	NNS	The illustrations in colored pencil would have to come later .
tr	NNS	Moses screwed up his face to express puzzlement , but he said nothing .
tr	NN	" For what profit is it to a man if he gains the whole world but loses his own soul ? "
tr	NNS	" And warriors can 't be pretty ? "
tr	NN	The deputy she 'd spoken to seemed competent enough .
tr	NN	His father-in-law had iron gray hair and the black eyes Maris had inherited , and looked as if he ate nails for breakfast .
tr	NNS	Each species has its drawbacks and incredible wonders .
tr	NN	As our car pulled up , the valet seemed much more interested in admiring my legs and ass than giving Stefan the keys .
tr	NN	Before he could bend down to help her , the intruder stepped out of the shadows .
tr	NNS	As a string quartet played , her bridesmaids glided down the aisle , one after another .
tr	NN	Early morning sunshine was pouring through the bay window , lighting up the multicoloured wings , creating a magical sight .
tr	NNS	The elves were everywhere .
tr	NN	The tractor 's trailer drew near and both men grabbed a handle and prepared to heave .
tr	NN	The captain snarled again .
tr	NNS	In an instance my surroundings change .
tr	NN	The matron drew herself up and out , and gave Moist a smile of triumph .
tr	NNS	There were two letters waiting for Keller .
tr	NNS	The tightness of my expression loosened and I felt my body relax .
tr	NN	" The Jeep has more value . "
tr	NN	Suddenly every inch of Elena 's skin was tingling .
tr	NNS	Gradually , his thrusts became more urgent , the need more intense .
tr	NNS	All the wealthy ladies had dressed in their finest garb with freshly braided hair and precious jewelry .
tr	NN	His spine was rigid with the need to come , his stomach so taut he felt like he couldn 't move .
tr	NNS	Their spinning blades made them look like airplane motors fallen from an errant jet .
tr	NNS	His paws scarcely seemed to touch the earth as he bunched and stretched his body in great bounds .
tr	NN	Another clatter echoed and she felt almost certain that it was .
tr	NN	What proof have you ? "
tr	NNS	Several strands of pale hair fell over my face .
tr	NN	Dirt and soot stained her fingers .
tr	NN	" Stand your ground and die , " hollered the captain .
tr	NNS	Within seconds more armed figures appeared on the main wall , silent and watching .
tr	NNS	To my eyes , the defenses looked quite impenetrable .
tr	NN	Love walked over to where Heinrich was standing .
tr	NN	" An improved Spear Strike , simply hard to read , hard to tell what 's going to happen , is simply impossible to counter now .
tr	NNS	There were emails with subject lines that revealed my name , and he must have seen it .
tr	NN	My greeting comes out more hesitant than happy .
tr	NN	His junior partner at the firm , Flynn , poked his head in around mid-afternoon .
tr	NNS	The servants who were her slaves were there as well , lapping the blood from those dank stones .
tr	NN	Mona 's mouth clamped shut .
tr	NNS	The roads were patchwork , lines of tar crisscrossed segments of asphalt , like wrinkles on an old face .
tr	NNS	The villagers danced , sung , and drank wine .
tr	NN	Whose skills are useful ?
tr	NNS	Loud clanging crashes rang out again and again as an axe crashed against the rock and chomped away at the mountain .
tr	NN	At first the laboratory had been agreeable , like a crib for young children .
tr	NN	A teacher had fallen asleep at his desk , though no toxins had been found in his blood that would indicate sedation .
tr	NNS	Bugs and Timmy swung around in their seats , now looking at a group of individuals , shadowy and backlit , standing in the tavern 's entranceway .
tr	NNS	The mental images I have running through my head now are going to take a second to clear .
tr	NNS	Simple dresses hung on a line beside the temple , away from the shade of the trees .
tr	NN	The steam from his favorite coffee mug mingled with his breath to form a white cloud that rose up in sharp contrast against the clear blue sky .
tr	NNS	" The front gates are the only way in or out that I know of . "
tr	NNS	" Their paranoid minds told them that His shell was a dangerous place . "
tr	NN	" That bastard knows everything .
tr	NNS	" Our conscious minds try to find the logical and explicable to hold onto .
tr	NNS	Others weren 't as kind .
tr	NN	No , whoever they were , their employer was private .
tr	NN	Camille 's inquiry touched something inside her .
tr	NN	In the grassy strip that passed for his lawn , powerful spotlight beams crisscrossed , advertising his house .
tr	NN	A quick adjustment and the rattle stopped ; the engine ran smoothly .
tr	NN	The mayor has not issued a statement respecting Mr. Grey 's release .
tr	NN	My balance wobbled again .
tr	NN	The bullet slammed into the tree two feet to his left , splintering the wood .
tr	NNS	Two summers had come and gone before she could get free for a few weeks to come back .
tr	NN	When it comes to national security , there 's no backup in me .
tr	NN	Behind Tucker , the hatch handle squeaked , and the door banged open against the bulkhead .
tr	NN	For Fletcher , a new quarter always means a new girlfriend .
tr	NN	No pun intended . "
tr	NN	Her cream coated his cock .
tr	NNS	There were six to eight inches of new growth in only a few weeks .
tr	NNS	Hands flying , animated , she was clearly in her element when discussing her business .
tr	NNS	But no good leads turned up .
tr	NN	The waterfall was one of his favorite places in the world .
tr	NN	The specimen becomes more detailed .
tr	NNS	Behind them the winged creatures kept their distance , afraid of the fire from the machine gun mounted on the back .
tr	NNS	The opening credits were enough for me as it was . "
tr	NNS	" There 's extra boards in the shed . "
tr	NN	" Your mistress has asked something of you , Marianne . "
tr	NN	The snake glided around me in a circle as it said " You love Morgana ?
tr	NN	The soft stroke of his fingers on my skin leeches out the lingering pain .
tr	NN	And no-one wants to know anything more about those bloody geriatrics . '
tr	NN	The silver knight grinned .
tr	NNS	" My grandparents are praying for her . "
tr	NNS	Spy satellites were picking up a new flurry of activity in Russia .
tr	NN	The neighbor remained in place , like a specter that had escaped from her dreams .
tr	NNS	Would future generations be able to retrace his steps by following the faded blood spots on the ground ?
tr	NNS	Her scales were warm to the touch .
tr	NN	" Now then , about your career as Dr. Ronald Mowbray , " she said to Ingle .
tr	NN	she was no longer even looking at them , although her eyes were fixed on him , the imprint in her mind , had taken over .
tr	NNS	Looks like a storm might be brewing .
tr	NN	Look at this place , ' t is like a midden !
tr	NN	The airport is cold and unforgiving .
tr	NN	You need the strength to get away , her hunger tempted her .
tr	NN	His teaching , that environmental conditions are reflections of the inner life conditions of individual people , is profound .
tr	NNS	Or maybe the skyscrapers were the wonders of nature that man felt obligated to copy .
tr	NNS	Eve 's nostrils flared , scents intensifying with startling immediacy .
tr	NN	Anger and pain floated away as easily as her bubbles .
tr	NN	' There 's an owl watching us !
tr	NN	Each chemical designed to energize fear or flight cascaded into the next and together all hurtled throughout his body .
tr	NNS	But there are other symptoms like the blotches on her gums and she has enlarged white tonsils which do not really fit .
tr	NN	The bitch should 've gone back when Leif did .
tr	NN	" You were seen , " the commander said through blood and broken teeth .
tr	NN	" A pot can 't die !
tr	NNS	The technicians punched buttons , altering the audio frequencies , but the sound remained peculiar and indistinct .
tr	NN	Maybe Jeff 's bullet had something to do with it . "
tr	NN	A rubber boot stood upright on the sidewalk , and what looked like a hand was resting on the bushes .
tr	NNS	Two attendants came forward and prostrated themselves before the throne .
tr	NN	The dark elf knelt down in front of the Guiding Mother and bowing his head said , " I pledge my life to your protection .
tr	NN	Every inch of her body cried out for rest .
tr	NNS	In a hesitant voice she asked " These codes could be useful for some other things you know . "
tr	NN	This brat was part of the boy she -- well , her friend , Stone .
tr	NNS	The juices seeped out of the skin and spread across the plate as I cut my way through .
tr	NN	As usual , a tray awaited her .
tr	NN	What a horrid thought .
tr	NN	Still , for even a doctoral student to take an uninvited guest to a professor 's party was a bit much .
tr	NNS	" Your body 's instincts will take over , and force you to breathe . "
tr	NN	" My neighbor , Philip McGregor , swears the spirit of a young girl is wandering about his property . "
tr	NN	His briefcase would stay there until needed .
tr	NN	" A doll shop ? "
tr	NN	The gargoyle will be in statue form for at least another three hours .
tr	NN	My grandmother told me about these pictures .
tr	NNS	I sat beside her , the mattress dipping under my weight .
tr	NN	That crisis would bring on social turmoil and the whole thing unwinds .
tr	NN	There was the rustle in the distance of the beginnings of a gathering crowd .
tr	NN	" But , at the beginning of their broadcast every day , some advertisement says they never record their shows .
tr	NN	A light pepper of rain falls , refreshing us in this oppressive heat .
tr	NN	" More common than you think , " Molly said , " There 's an entire ward over at Mercy General . "
tr	NN	Somewhere up the governmental line and outside the University ( the latter which was pleased with the idea ) , a snag developed .
tr	NNS	" As it so happens , the symptoms of MS and vitamin B12 deficiency are very similar , right down to the lesions on the brain . "
tr	NN	This organization had no military capability on its own , therefore a next phase in the scheme commenced .
tr	NN	After all , the other explanation would be that he was a terrible person .
tr	NNS	The hallucinations must be starting .
tr	NN	cried the spider as everyone obeyed .
tr	NNS	Things changed since then .
tr	NN	That honesty was still apparent , though now it filled the room with her distrust .
tr	NN	" The snake 's a - " Bambi 's tail suddenly slithered up my waist , and I jerked to the side , giggling .
tr	NN	Amongst the chaos , something gleamed , sparkled .
tr	NN	The eternal bachelor is what they call him around the office .
tr	NNS	Sure enough , frogs leapt from roots to branches , from trunk to trunk .
tr	NNS	Stone floors were definitely not good for your back .
tr	NNS	" But as you 've learned , ghosts aren 't the best communicators .
tr	NN	Another blink and the Sentinel 's body launches into the air .
tr	NNS	My runs are now our runs , every day when I get off work he would somehow manage to find me .
tr	NNS	Things were so dark .
tr	NN	There was a Jeep , parked beneath a tarp and sporting a For Sale sign .
tr	NN	The landing strip was little more than a length of packed dirt .
tr	NN	The senator was in his fifties , a self-important politician .
tr	NNS	" Earlier versions were too runny , too sweet , and the chocolate shell wasn 't thick enough . "
tr	NNS	Their experiences shaped who and what they were and what they became .
tr	NN	The fridge 's fan kicked on , humming .
tr	NNS	Besides , why should these highly developed creatures care about us ?
tr	NN	Good , good , I got over two hundred million dollars in value , my five year allowance , now my father will take me seriously . "
tr	NN	The captain , standing on the top of a low tower at one corner of the square , was berating two unhappy sergeants .
tr	NNS	There were rolls on the table .
tr	NN	" On the bottom shelf of the food cart ? "
tr	NN	The Master did not often leave the House and dealt with more important matters , such as honouring the ancestors .
tr	NNS	Like I could win a dozen races , one after the other .
tr	NNS	Things are progressing well enough here .
tr	NN	" My uncle took the call from your superior and by now he probably has - " " You 're a family ? "
tr	NN	Jack 's pulse quickened .
tr	NN	His inability to accept another man 's son was part and parcel of his character .
tr	NNS	Images played on my closed eyelids and filtered into my mind .
tr	NN	" No , " said the troll .
tr	NN	A tremor went through her as he looked around with angry bemusement .
tr	NNS	Five elves sat at the table .
tr	NNS	The countess , dressed in black , leaned against the gate , holding it open .
tr	NN	Fortunately , her grandmother answered his knock , so he knew he 'd at least get inside the door .
tr	NN	The landing was slightly rough but with the luck I was having so far , I had no complaints .
tr	NN	There was a multitude of shared secrets in Antonietta 's voice .
tr	NN	' I bet , ' Prophet said .
tr	NN	Hasn 't your pack leader told you that ? "
tr	NN	No pitcher fell behind Stan Musial and survived the moment .
tr	NNS	" Damn creatures from Faerie love the cryptic . "
tr	NN	The inspector arched his eyebrows : " Is this some sort of a joke ? "
tr	NNS	At least the risks aren 't as high if Ibrahim puts this camouflage spell on us . "
tr	NNS	When I walked through the gate , their expressions were typically stoic , but they both nodded in acknowledgment .
tr	NNS	Bloody and battered MPs are struggling to their feet , disoriented -- we don 't have much time left to get out of there .
tr	NNS	Carefully , the dwarves secured the ball on the podium .
tr	NN	Like I was partner to it .
tr	NN	The sickly and the weak may go to the wall . "
tr	NN	The Sphinx gazed at Kendra with fathomless eyes .
tr	NN	A studio executive had been on a flight to New York when he encountered Pug Wells , a stewardess who fascinated him .
tr	NN	His armored attire is back just the way I found him last night .
tr	NNS	And yet , for whatever reason , the markings on the pages seemed to make sense to her .
tr	NNS	" How far out do our cameras see ? "
tr	NN	And her grandmother , knowing that one day the time stone would be hers , had taught her to love and collect rocks and minerals .
tr	NNS	Far below him the wolves howled to one another and began to run in tight pack formation .
tr	NN	Only one pigeon was visible , hunched up high in a corner .
tr	NN	Love is a kind of possession .
tr	NN	( The audience went crazy at that ) .
tr	NNS	The harbor seals used their small flippers to inch out of the crates and across the pebbled beach .
tr	NN	The design he started when he was three .
tr	NN	" Very well , " the captain said calmly as he activated his headset , opening a radio channel to the other two ships .
tr	NNS	The cats stopped in their tracks and watched me with large , solemn eyes .
tr	NN	" The speech therapist has helped Larry . "
tr	NNS	Cars whizzed along the street in a zoom , zoom rhythm .
tr	NN	The thrill of letting go tickled through her , heightening her senses .
tr	NN	" The damage an ... unqualified board member could do is terrifying . "
tr	NNS	No , solitary travelers were rare .
tr	NN	His h * ps pressed against her backside .
tr	NN	The football player stopped speaking and smiled .
tr	NNS	His pupils vanished and his eyes changed to a ghostly white color .
tr	NNS	The heavy police cruisers made hard work of the deeply rutted road , often dragging the chassis of the vehicle .
tr	NN	My gratitude must have taken her aback , because she didn 't say anything for a few seconds .
tr	NN	" The investigator Elliott hired discovered that Christian ended up in a completely different city .
tr	NNS	So many punches that she won 't be able to fight back , got it ? "
tr	NNS	Thoughts raced through my mind as I made my way down to the sixteenth floor for dinner at Eddie and Emmy 's house .
tr	NN	" The discomfort to your eyes will pass , " their escort said .
tr	NN	Where Sloane and I were neat , the Lia in my head was messy , her room a multisensory archive of the past few months .
tr	NNS	Her upraised daggers dug into the muscled flesh , slicing it apart in one fell motion .
tr	NN	The dream Nyx had sent to me over and over had been one of my future , with a home and a child - and a man .
tr	NNS	" Your boobs have grown . "
tr	NN	The highway jogged east and Gage slowed as he pulled off .
tr	NN	" Full panel of judges , open school auditions . "
tr	NNS	Other members of his family glanced down , delighted smiles on their faces .
tr	NN	And there was the entry in Sutton 's journal from May 17 : L is still ruined over T. Pull yourself together , bitch .
tr	NNS	In addition , there were door prize tickets for sale , along with a raffle of a Rolex watch .
tr	NN	" They were meeting up with the Finches , " Sutton 's grandmother said , then made a face .
tr	NNS	A few torches lit the chamber , revealing its centerpiece : an elegant marble pedestal with an iron crown sitting on it .
tr	NN	The hunter had vaulted over the railing .
tr	NN	Her nipple hardened and ached , demanding more .
tr	NN	A cough racked his body .
tr	NN	Tavi 's belly cramped with hunger and made a gurgling noise .
tr	NN	My daddy and the boys didn 't . "
tr	NNS	At the High Priestess ' command , the two warriors picked up a screaming Anais and threw him off the moving shrine onto the hard ground below .
tr	NNS	Our actions of today will not usher in peace for all time .
tr	NN	Love seemed to hit the right buttons even if they weren 't on the same wavelength .
tr	NNS	Yet , out here , the shadowy creatures with claws and burning eyes had more room to dive , with gouging fangs and grasping talons .
tr	NNS	Finally , the chandeliers darkened , until the strands of lights winding through the orchids along the staircase were the only ones still glowing .
tr	NN	Her instinct was to offer to help , but he 'd forced this outing on her , so she let him do the work .
tr	NN	" No , the fan feels good . "
tr	NN	It 's proof of my impossible journey , isn 't it ?
tr	NN	But the jar sat there and looked just as nauseating as ever .
tr	NNS	The slit pupils made its eyes look like broken mirrors .
tr	NN	A rebirth could remember everything her past lives had done , back for centuries as our games went on . "
tr	NNS	The cabinets and shelving had been with her throughout life rather than replaced .
tr	NN	And if the prophecy was to be believed , the reunion of the two children behind the Mists would be nothing less than ... chaos .
tr	NNS	The two figures drifted forward .
tr	NN	The panel moved forward an inch then stopped .
tr	NN	Part of him expected to get up in a few hours to find Mack gone and his wallet missing , but he didn 't care .
tr	NN	Behind him , the dusk outside came through the window and formed a halo about his head .
tr	NN	The Resistance couldn 't take care of me .
tr	NNS	The marble tiles were cool on the soles of her feet .
tr	NN	My pa decided to volunteer Judas to play Joseph , and Delaney McDermott to play Mary .
tr	NN	" A gentleman in VIP offered it to you . "
tr	NNS	Not just the figures in his bank account . "
tr	NNS	The facts are that it is an 18 hole competition , not a 15 , 16 or even 17 hole comp .
tr	NN	" And what does the goddess tell you now ? "
tr	NNS	His instincts had screamed that loudest of all .
tr	NN	" Her blood smells ... so unique , " Mateo said , lifting his nose into the air and inhaling deeply , " ... spicy . "
tr	NN	" The great-grandmother has been long under the earth . "
tr	NNS	The companions climbed up .
tr	NNS	Looks like the party is in full swing .
tr	NN	" The Memory rune .
tr	NNS	The pills probably helped with that , but I knew there was more .
tr	NNS	Chills break out on her skin , so I continue kissing down her neck .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of her father and his solicitor 's schemes receded into a dark corner of her heart .
tr	NN	" Oh , Brittany , " the redhead said .
tr	NNS	" Well , you ladies sure got some guts .
tr	NN	Your grandmother has gone to ground like the former intelligence agent that she probably is . "
tr	NN	A chorus of oohs sounded around the court while Jenny blushed , but she quickly regained her composure .
tr	NN	Part of being a star was learning to be alone in a mob of people , all of whom were looking at you .
tr	NNS	" Our leaders were about to do something wonderful . "
tr	NN	" I don , t know .
tr	NNS	Only thin rags of kelp remained on the surface , and she found the absence of it a loss which she could not explain .
tr	NN	My pulse is a hummingbird straining to get out of my neck .
tr	NN	" Hey , whoa , dude .
tr	NNS	After more than ten minutes the two detectives returned .
tr	NNS	The followers of the Old Way continued to serve the makers and do great good .
tr	NN	A sob escaped his throat .
tr	NNS	I tried to make it work for awhile , found little scraps of part time employment here and there .
tr	NNS	Her hypothesis , though staggeringly bold , had opened all kinds of new doors and gotten Tolland thinking in new directions .
tr	NN	Part of her wanted to take Ben and simply move away .
tr	NNS	The roads simply were not safe .
tr	NN	The stench of his rotting soul lingered .
tr	NNS	The siblings stopped talking .
tr	NNS	But by the 1970s , computer designers began to confront the inherent limitations of silicon technology .
tr	NN	Storm watched the bees clothe and surround his son , stinging and nicking him .
tr	NN	A loud thud indicated that I was free from the first room ; I turned to see the door open .
tr	NNS	Things were blurry for a few moments , then she heard Bernard giving orders .
tr	NN	The the growl became a voice .
tr	NNS	The strings were absolutely silent .
tr	NNS	The two halves were fighting all the time , exhausting him and leaving him confused .
tr	NN	There was no reasoning with Weekes , he told himself , and he was going to do what he was going to do .
tr	NN	Even now , the plant grows and threatens to take you from me .
tr	NN	" An ordinary fan couldn 't get back there without an escort from a coach . "
tr	NNS	The kisses he 'd given her at the Hall made her wonder , made her hungry .
tr	NNS	Things suck for both of us .
tr	NN	A few seconds later , the beeping slowed and I couldn 't take my eyes off of hers .
tr	NN	Jazz moved faster , reached the end of the alley and paused , looking both ways around the corner .
tr	NN	" My arrest and incarceration was necessary to stop the investigation before our government found out what we were really up to . "
tr	NNS	Little gasping sobs greeted his every touch and she arched against him asking for more .
tr	NN	" The map was right , but the portal was rerouted . "
tr	NNS	Erebus was the darkness .
tr	NN	There was a real resolve to keep a safe distance from myself and the warmth of Cassius ' touch .
tr	NN	The outline could have been nothing else .
tr	NNS	The images wouldn 't let her take the sensible approach .
tr	NNS	Except that I 'm sweating excessively because of nervousness , those freaks carried me in here like a roasted pig because I tried to escape .
tr	NN	The broth dribbled onto the countertop .
tr	NN	" If you hadn 't been there ... " My sentence trailed away .
tr	NN	Your death lust will cause chaos .
tr	NN	" The next morning at the jail , a deputy came in with some paperwork .
tr	NNS	Over the years , other targets of mine had come to clear areas like this .
tr	NN	The mayor punched me in the kidneys but didn 't have enough room to put much strength behind it .
tr	NN	My delegation consisted of five delegates , their servants , two guides and some guards to escort us during the long journey .
tr	NN	His facial bruising had reduced significantly since the accident , and he no longer had bandages around his head .
tr	NNS	The three leaders looked at each other and all three smiled .
tr	NN	" What 's the status ? "
tr	NNS	Laurel Canyon insects droned mantras in the dusk .
tr	NN	" Bring them here , " the leader said .
tr	NNS	The cameras enabled her to move around without fear of getting hurt when she teleported .
tr	NN	" But its nah like ye can apply fer an apprenticeship , ' t is a pirate ship after all . "
tr	NNS	Her fingernails dug into his back , and she made a small sound of protest against the weight of his chest .
tr	NNS	Others tell a different story .
tr	NNS	Let 's go downstairs and talk a little business , but keep in mind , there are no free lunches . "
tr	NNS	Things had been cool and uncomfortable at the shop since Deuce 's naming day .
tr	NN	But the pond in front of me is way more real , more alive , and more amazing than Murdock 's pond .
tr	NNS	Especially , potential witnesses who worked in sales and were contemplating adultery .
tr	NNS	Things were changing for Elliot .
tr	NN	The mayor , city council , and a great number of local dignitaries would be there too .
tr	NN	This guy Wendell gave me some money and I think I know where more might be stashed .
tr	NNS	There were limits to Susan 's knowledge about guns .
tr	NN	The false vicar gave an indifferent shrug .
tr	NN	When Emma shut the door , only a sliver of light poked through .
tr	NN	The renovation was coming along nicely , though Clay had seriously curtailed the budget .
tr	NN	" So where is the coin now ? "
tr	NNS	" There must be rule , yet how can creatures rule themselves ?
tr	NNS	But the stakes are high and together they race against time to save Jess 's life .
tr	NN	" That last reel was a good one . "
tr	NN	The priest smiled , waving good-bye .
tr	NNS	Flames licked the air all around me , searching for objects to engulf .
tr	NNS	" Her quarters look very old . "
tr	NNS	Words tumbled through his mind .
tr	NNS	There were the old bookshelves Byron had found at a flea market , stuffed with books and magazines .
tr	NNS	The footsteps were louder now -- nearer - nearing the bottom of the stairs .
tr	NNS	When the station opened , astrology predictions of catastrophes ... ur ... it was new and daring .
tr	NN	" Yes , " stammered the wounded ghoul , apparently in English .
tr	NNS	Her ideas were original , fresh , inventive .
tr	NNS	Several members of the women 's group were eyeing the two gender traitors , with tight-lipped expressions that made their disapproval quite clear .
tr	NN	Ghost or no ghosts , they would help her if she asked .
tr	NN	A uniformed policeman stood patiently , squinting under the bright porch light .
tr	NN	A red carpet stretched all the way to the stairs at the end of the long hallway .
tr	NN	A lucid dream in livid color , but it was just a dream nonetheless .
tr	NN	His erect posture slowly stiffened as every muscle in his body surged to alert status .
tr	NNS	Words began to form .
tr	NN	There was an audience , but I didn 't remember it till Hayes broke first and the whispers surfaced .
tr	NN	The angel wasn 't moving .
tr	NN	Did the bastard know what he and Harrington had discovered in Antarctica ?
tr	NN	The captain glanced at Helen , who was seated , with Jess behind her , gripping her shoulders .
tr	NN	The prophecy went unfulfilled .
tr	NNS	The surrounding creatures jumped on it and tore it to pieces devouring it mercilessly , twenty feet from Ramsey .
tr	NN	And this idiot knew and he said nothing ! "
tr	NNS	Things like family and friendship . "
tr	NN	Chance ran a hand through his hair .
tr	NN	A vortex of energy whirled inside .
tr	NN	The bored looks on their faces suddenly vanished as they sighted Anon .
tr	NN	My first instinct was to jump away .
tr	NN	Memory is structure , or structure is memory .
tr	NNS	Things were not right .
tr	NNS	Parts of the second story collapsed into the first , crashing down and sending a flurry of burning embers into the air .
tr	NNS	The gates opened and immediately shut when the car drove down the path leading up to the house .
tr	NNS	Werewolves don 't intrude on my father 's territory .
tr	NNS	In a world that I seldom understand , there are winds of destiny that blow when we least expect them .
tr	NN	" The transmitter is not a permanent implant .
tr	NN	A good quality carpet saw to that .
tr	NN	But that wasn 't what had me freezing in the doorway .
tr	NNS	Their deaths would be as insignificant as their lives had been .
tr	NNS	Images sprang up on the panels , showing coral and the calm swirling of sea particles .
tr	NN	This taunting went on for decades .
tr	NN	The leader crawled up to one knee , obviously trying to reason with Hal .
tr	NNS	She seemed to have appeared out of nowhere and was now moving toward me with her mouth open and long , red , acrylic fingernails raised .
tr	NN	Organ tissue and blood splattered everywhere , coating her face and hands , and Renna pressed a hand to her mouth .
tr	NNS	Two letters that had tissue papers draping a certain someone 's house .
tr	NN	" A stroll does sound nice . "
tr	NNS	Candied apples were also a dime .
tr	NN	The elderly matron of the children was taking turns flailing her arms about in dismay and embracing her recovered youngsters .
tr	NNS	My instincts tell me to run to her , but I almost got myself killed the last time I did that .
tr	NNS	All the apprentices were on the ground level and the masters were on stage at the other end .
tr	NNS	" Plans have changed .
tr	NN	Jazz , after a few unmoving seconds , answered for him .
tr	NNS	His followers were to take them to different Sanctuaries all over the Middle Kingdom .
tr	NN	Her announcement earned her a darker scowl .
tr	NNS	Those two extra inches would stretch out my fat . "
tr	NNS	His companions obeyed , turning on their possessed enemies and strategically fighting them back into the center of the battle .
tr	NN	The environment is taking a back seat now .
tr	NN	The blonde wig and heavy make-up disguised her red hair and pale skin .
tr	NNS	His unique physical traits were a blessing and curse .
tr	NN	Why should the Hand be dawdling ? "
tr	NNS	Flat sales were a factor , but nothing the company hadn 't seen many times before .
tr	NN	A large strike comes from my side as the car is literally pushed a few feet to the left .
tr	NNS	All her hopes shining through her eyes .
tr	NN	Then I realized he simply couldn , t do what he wanted unless we fought back . "
tr	NNS	" Those wolves stayed hidden until they wanted us to notice them . "
tr	NN	The streams of light that cast in through small windows were increasingly becoming clouded , as if some bluish smoke was slowly permeating the room .
tr	NNS	There weren 't enough seats in the church for everyone , and my dad keeps reminding me that he 'll be paying it off for years .
tr	NNS	There were only a few torches still lit , but she decided to follow the light and see where it took her .
tr	NNS	The hobbits now noticed that as he walked his knees hardly bent , but his legs opened in a great stride .
tr	NN	My sergeant told me the story when I wasn 't much older than you boys are now , and he was here when it actually happened .
tr	NNS	Lots of movies and books end that way .
tr	NNS	Goss wondered what the elevation was .
tr	NNS	His trousers slid to the floor .
tr	NNS	Thoughts flitted through his mind in an incomprehensible flux , like pieces of a shattered pattern .
tr	NNS	The talons flexed , relaxed .
tr	NN	Every copper spent from there has to be reported to the Province Queen .
tr	NN	No mortal could possess ... " the Dragon thought .
tr	NNS	Loose newspapers littered the ally and were blowing around randomly creating an eerie setting .
tr	NN	No offense , Kyle , but he 's not here for you .
tr	NNS	The horns on the creature 's head grew ... grew ... becoming monstrous ivory towers .
tr	NNS	His pupils have vanished completely giving him the appearance of some sort of demon .
tr	NN	By the time he 'd gone off to college the rebel pattern had become a habit .
tr	NNS	Big , dark sunglasses shielded her eyes in the late-afternoon glare .
tr	NNS	The dragon 's deep snores echoed off the walls .
tr	NN	His ex-girlfriend had found his hometown the epitome of dull and boring .
tr	NNS	His face drops and his tone turns anxious .
tr	NNS	In the scrub just off the road , two figures grappled .
tr	NNS	There were four hallways on the third floor , two to the left of the staircase , two to the right .
tr	NN	I ' l put up with it , though , if you real y like it . "
tr	NN	For the tribe to stay together in her absence was all she had hoped for .
tr	NNS	Others want you freed .
tr	NN	The illusion is brief , but it works .
tr	NNS	Aris had recovered and gotten back to his feet ; he stood right next to her .
tr	NNS	Things can go wrong .
tr	NNS	Both indoor and outdoor seating areas were shown , highlighted by a large dining hall and central courtyard .
tr	NN	" Only the autopsy can tell us that . "
tr	NNS	But as an ugly monstrosity , the images tainted by the memory of a stark black tower in the center of a blasted wasteland .
tr	NN	The convertible was a poor choice for a day like this .
tr	NNS	" Some shows , some museums , " she answered .
tr	NN	' Well , all that chanting , it was a way of reaching up to God , wasn 't it ?
tr	NN	Her mascara had left black streaks down her face , and she held the heel of her shoe in one hand .
tr	NN	The patrons look tattered , dirty .
tr	NN	The knight had a sword through his neck that simultaneously pierced the door .
tr	NNS	Bloody , dangling chains showed where the bodies had hung before they 'd been pulled apart .
tr	NN	" The fox leader hopped on the first plane and is more than likely camped out at the house waiting for us . "
tr	NNS	Nicodemus sat at the wheel , relaxed and smiling .
tr	NNS	All signs of tension eased from his handsome face .
tr	NNS	" I shall have no hat - are you certain the Japanese warriors wear no hat ?
tr	NN	The shooter from the roof and the other henchman went to grab hold of her .
tr	NN	The carpet was so thick Mac could have sworn he sunk an inch into it .
tr	NN	The suitcase clattered to the floor and I stood there facing at the official looking woman in my living room .
tr	NNS	Several more guard members make their pick , all passing Serena , until only Murphy is left .
tr	NNS	" Wren , listen close , 'cause , buddy , your chances are running slim .
tr	NN	The Master , knowing his thoughts , replied , " you may leave all but the most vital documents here , child .
tr	NN	The discharge pattern was quite unlike any of the common makes and models of blaster . "
tr	NNS	Looks like a bullet wound . "
tr	NNS	" There was never any Goddamn aliens . "
tr	NN	As his mount started running , the hail began to pelt down in earnest .
tr	NNS	The cards went around a third time .
tr	NNS	" Four versions of the same world times how many worlds ... " Terra continued , ignoring him .
tr	NNS	The young ladies paused as Wilson passed the teacups .
tr	NNS	The werewolves just kept wanting it .
tr	NN	" The Last Battle comes .
tr	NN	The Pit Priest no longer had a Nothing Box .
tr	NNS	The three Templars stil facing them turned away , eager to join the fight .
tr	NN	There were a multitude of thin corridors leading away from the lobby and into other parts of the station .
tr	NNS	The footsteps moved on .
tr	NNS	Such tribe members received an elaborate funeral where they and everyone else would say whatever profound feelings or memories they wished to elaborate upon .
tr	NN	A thrill of satisfaction danced through me .
tr	NN	Your military ID was in there .
tr	NN	No wonder Titania can 't stand to look at you .
tr	NNS	Soft , teasing kisses as he worked his way higher .
tr	NNS	" What are clear cells ? "
tr	NNS	Your credentials and experience are actually quite impressive . "
tr	NNS	As the new rumbling subsided , the warning sirens came on and screamed into the burning night .
tr	NNS	My grandparents sensed my anxiety and had anxieties of their own .
tr	NN	The goddess raised a delicate eyebrow .
tr	NN	The dragon wore an eye patch .
tr	NN	The reflection of the beam finally struck her chest .
tr	NNS	Things changed after that .
tr	NNS	With the development of their new abilities , their minds lost touch with reality .
tr	NNS	Soldiers dived out of the way as Shadow Dancer bore down on them , never slowing .
tr	NNS	Some nights , the town 's edges are alive with balls of floating wisp light .
tr	NN	The cracking twig snapped loudly in the tense stillness , accomplishing exactly what we 'd planned to .
tr	NN	The clearing went black .
tr	NN	A six-year-old wouldn 't last more than a couple of minutes .
tr	NNS	The zombies heard it too .
tr	NNS	Even fingernails were beginning to reappear on her charred fingertips .
tr	NN	The page wanted to rip free from me , but I wouldn 't let go .
tr	NN	The lead singer began to count down from ten , and everyone counted with him .
tr	NNS	There are two texts .
tr	NN	For a second Henrietta 's nausea lifted , but it was replaced with a completely unpleasant but all too familiar feeling .
tr	NNS	As we neared the house , zombies were in the doorway , I had left the door open , not thinking we would come back .
tr	NN	Every once in a while the rogue strands would invade her eyes and be brushed away by an annoyed hand .
tr	NN	In a strange way , that video helped me want to heal myself .
tr	NNS	If she stood tall and strode with confidence , the villagers reacted to her much the same way as they had before the attack .
tr	NN	Every enchanting inclination of pride and its ego , of convention and its master - social training - conspires to maintain the illusion .
tr	NN	Her kidnapper was the one who 'd made it possible for her to fight by tying her hands in front of her instead of behind her back .
tr	NNS	Valerius would sooner die than watch over a " plebeian . "
tr	NNS	At the core were 12 golden strands , each strand individually coated with a clear insulating coating to prevent frequency bleeding .
tr	NN	Ah , the oracle strikes again .
tr	NNS	My apologies , Kendra , I could have sworn I tossed that one out long ago .
tr	NNS	Others just stood up and left the room , shouting to everyone that heresy had been committed right there and then .
tr	NNS	There are four rows of Officials .
tr	NNS	Looks like things fell apart around here without me .
tr	NNS	Several bursts of deep male laughter accompanied a single , higher pitched feminine giggle .
tr	NNS	" My apologies for our delay , " Mrs. Sterling said , extending her hand to my mom , then my dad .
tr	NN	The raft lurched in response , sending up a spray of water as it swung toward the riverbank .
tr	NN	But master will have to go that way .
tr	NNS	Marius reached out and held Haven 's shoulders as she laid on the stretcher .
tr	NN	A great crash sounded , and two of the vampires burst out onto the roof .
tr	NN	The television winked off .
tr	NN	Since that Asia is being banned from the Courtyard , the explanation will satisfy him .
tr	NNS	" King and queen candidates up here with me please ! "
tr	NNS	" Too many factors changed .
tr	NNS	The members gasp , and President Shepherd looks confused .
tr	NN	" My old ma adopted a highway last year .
tr	NNS	My eyelids felt like they were stuck together and all I could hear was beeping .
tr	NN	The knight took my hand and kissed it and as he did his mask slid down .
tr	NN	The vent she needed was in an awkward position above her .
tr	NN	A wounded animal 's first instinct was survival ; he was on guard and ready to strike anything that seemed harmful toward him .
tr	NNS	No markings on the van , dammit , she needed to see something , describe something ... " Do it .
tr	NN	His skin was weather-beaten , his robe tattered and well worn .
tr	NNS	Early scans had shown that there was a large swelling present around his brain , and the patient was not responding to any stimulus .
tr	NN	" There wasn 't any air-conditioning , so we all had to put up with it . "
tr	NN	Together , the five of them made slow progress down the tunnel , all eyes intent on the bats massed above them .
tr	NN	There is no den anymore . "
tr	NN	For a moment , there 's a haze in my mind , like I only imagined what she said .
tr	NN	Thankfully , no-one did .
tr	NN	The pilot did not respond .
tr	NNS	Better than these though : These movies are not helping little girls grow up to fend for themselves .
tr	NN	The gas they 'd put into Julian 's room had to have been different than the gas they 'd put into her room .
tr	NN	" Where 's your measuring tape ? "
tr	NN	Mass reference is out of register ! "
tr	NNS	The twins wanted permission to marry .
tr	NNS	7 millions hits came back .
tr	NN	" There 's a pattern , as X said . "
tr	NN	Hex 's pen was scratching across the paper .
tr	NNS	Two qualities that would ensure that he would not make a foolish mistake .
tr	NN	Apparently , the winner gets $ 10,000 and the annual trophy , which is a huge sailboat made from crystal .
tr	NNS	Things took off from there .
tr	NN	The Stranger , struggling to comprehend this visual absence , begins to hear the sound of a harmonica .
tr	NN	" There 's honour in dying at the hands of a worthy foe .
tr	NNS	Rain drops glistened on the black metal .
tr	NNS	Flames flew from her fingers and headed right for Ryder and the others .
tr	NN	" Where does that info come from ? "
tr	NN	The majority of them were small landowners : 100 , 200 , 300 acres .
tr	NNS	Only governments and billionaires can afford to use it . "
tr	NN	Her sister-in-law had awakened her , dropped her bomb , and left her alone with Kevin .
tr	NN	The thief nodded , winced , and then said , " Sure , whatever you say . "
tr	NNS	The colors in the dusk sky filled her mind with a surge of calm .
tr	NNS	Luckily , the twins were getting easier for Sam and Maddie to handle as they approached their first birthday .
tr	NN	Eva 's hesitation in starting causes Reginald to jump back in .
tr	NN	" The pilot was injured badly but still breathing and able to talk .
tr	NN	Every instinct screamed that he must flee .
tr	NN	And the agent from the air force 's OSI who 'd questioned her was at work with some handheld device , scrolling and typing .
tr	NN	Pale blue light shone from her the same way as it had from this woman in a truck stop restaurant .
tr	NN	Even the appreciation for the food was a wordless grunt .
tr	NNS	The jagged edges of The Sun 's Heart sparkled brightly , but nothing else happened .
tr	NN	The paneling is a deep mahogany , and the tables are draped with crisp white cloths .
tr	NNS	My aunts kept me alive , no , they did more than that .
tr	NN	His charisma spread over Stacy like butter on hot bread .
tr	NN	There was a click as the line went silent .
tr	NNS	There were tests , too .
tr	NNS	' The tiles were doing well already .
tr	NNS	If they are silent out of fear then perhaps their servants would be willing to talk . "
tr	NN	As Melissa walked with Rex to his history class , the maelstrom dropped off behind them , her mind calming in slow stages .
tr	NN	There was a rustling in the backyard on the other side of the fence , and my breath stopped .
tr	NN	I made a sound and yanked my foot away , my big toe throbbing like it had been stubbed .
tr	NN	The Gothic Line was the fastest subway system in the city .
tr	NN	The Jeep draws closer and I see a dark-haired man behind the wheel and recognize the surf shop sticker on the windshield .
tr	NN	Some angel must have made his arms into steel so that he did not fall off !
tr	NN	A pucker forms at his brow as he reads the words on the screen again .
tr	NN	The passion behind those words gave Cain the impression that she was making him an offer .
tr	NNS	Washoe 's skills provoked a variety of other experiments in teaching language .
tr	NNS	" Ten acres , you said ? "
tr	NNS	Gramps and I dig in , leaning over the engine .
tr	NN	" Your papa thought I was crazy , ignoring that beautiful car .
tr	NN	" I was going to say high strung , " her grandmother said .
tr	NN	With ' Faith Practice and Study , ' there is no limit .
tr	NNS	Over a period of days or weeks , zombies tend to settle into the lethargic dopes we are all so familiar with .
tr	NN	How 's the senator taking the meteorite news ? "
tr	NN	Winston 's manner became immediately tense , cautious .
tr	NN	The Program will survive .
tr	NNS	All eight siblings together under one roof meant lots of laughs , plenty of ribbing ... and at least a couple of major arguments .
tr	NNS	Maybe all his figures meant nothing , maybe it was just the will of the Gods , or plain old luck .
tr	NN	Her shawl shimmered down her arms to pool around her feet .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of Taylor Hayes flashed through Lord 's mind .
tr	NN	The tap on her bedroom door came just as she 'd finished brushing her teeth .
tr	NN	But their government couldn 't search without concrete evidence the boys were in that crate .
tr	NNS	Then drinks are on me . "
tr	NNS	Shouts and low cries .
tr	NN	' The whale herself was our great fortune , let us not forget that ! '
tr	NNS	Things become worse when three mysterious girls begin to mar the witches ' plans .
tr	NNS	Terrible foreboding images flashed through my brain , scarring me forever .
tr	NNS	The tests would take a few days to be complete , but he wanted them to have all possible information .
tr	NNS	Looks like they are planning to drop within feet of the colony 's beacon . "
tr	NNS	The rehearsals went well .
tr	NNS	The siblings peered at each other , silent , neither sure what to do or say next .
tr	NN	No offense , but you can 't possibly be so important that -- " I cut him off .
tr	NNS	There were just so many factors to consider and reconsider .
tr	NN	The yellow Jeep sat in the driveway .
tr	NNS	Things will look better tomorrow . "
tr	NN	" Following instructions , " the attorney said .
tr	NNS	The sports bar , maybe . "
tr	NN	Secured at the waist by nothing more than a thin rope , the slit continues down the side all the way to base of the thin material .
tr	NNS	The rows of farmland stretched on and on as far as I could see , rolling over hills and down into shallow valleys .
tr	NN	The trio fanned out from there .
tr	NNS	As he assumed , the servants had a lot of their hopes invested in possessing the giant .
tr	NNS	The nuns loved him in the orphanage .
tr	NN	In a few seconds , a dark sedan drove down the street after Amanda 's Lexus .
tr	NNS	Those icy prickles turned into a veritable shower .
tr	NNS	Things would have to be accelerated due to the fear of Citizen response , and hiding in a hole wouldn 't change that .
tr	NN	" One coin , will buy you one pull . "
tr	NN	The gray mass dove in after the third .
tr	NNS	His surroundings were dimly lit by a lantern hung from a beam .
tr	NN	Finally , a sharp whistle drew Gray 's attention .
tr	NN	Ian 's siren grew louder and louder .
tr	NN	Not the leader of some two-man vigilante squad , dishing out vengeance where he saw fit .
tr	NN	The generous fellow 's contribution started a chain reaction among the regular citizens who were there .
tr	NN	His deliberate avoiding of the question unnerved me , but I was already in the wardrobe when I heard the bedroom door close .
tr	NNS	Things with Ridley weren 't like that .
tr	NNS	The images wouldn 't hold .
tr	NN	" We have lost radar contact , " said the radar operator over the intercom .
tr	NNS	Attis 's cheekbones seemed to become even starker .
tr	NNS	" There 's gallons .
tr	NNS	There were three bridesmaids , each clutching a small bouquet of flowers against her chest .
tr	NNS	The gems continued down the stairs and enveloped us in the shadows .
tr	NN	A chord progression intentionally unfinished , build-up lacking resolution : it was almost unbearable , the thought of the missing final note .
tr	NN	The Program is looking for The Treatment - that 's what this is .
tr	NNS	" There are thousands of them up there - Flattery has no idea there are that many .
tr	NN	Her cottage was on the horizon , a small white dot .
tr	NN	Her headlight was fading badly now ; maybe she should just turn it off .
tr	NNS	The roads were dirty , the huts small , and the people much less dignified than the city people they had met so far .
tr	NNS	The images are clear .
tr	NNS	Like there were four party hats and one had seven stripes instead of six .
tr	NN	Grinning , Conrad grabbed Jayne around the waist , lifted her from the chair and spun her around .
tr	NNS	" Besides , the important bits of me are naked . "
tr	NNS	Looks like you need a good meal and a warm bed with no more repairs for today .
tr	NN	loudly and threw her cocktail , glass and all , at Iris , then flew at her , claws first .
tr	NNS	The gate slams shut behind him .
tr	NN	Maybe my personal lifeguard was a late sleeper .
tr	NN	There is a balance of payments problem , and they see the production of cheap gas as a way out of their problem .
tr	NN	Luckily , the bullet hit his shoulder and passed right through .
tr	NNS	His colleagues ignored him , he couldn 't get teaching positions , and academic journals stopped publishing him entirely .
tr	NNS	Girls used to kick me and run away .
tr	NNS	Words whispered on the wind reached my ears , and the ocean sang .
tr	NNS	But inside , there were only three floors .
tr	NNS	Every morning , the local stores open , and the regulars come in for their morning newspaper , or cup of coffee .
tr	NN	" The iron wouldn 't bother you .
tr	NN	A tremble stemmed from the newly formed pile , growing in strength with each passing moment .
tr	NN	My daddy likes that idea , also .
tr	NN	When the pain was gone , its simple lack was a nearly narcotic pleasure of its own .
tr	NNS	Legendary directors had tried their hand at leading the action .
tr	NNS	The same clerks wore the same clothes and busied themselves with the same paperwork .
tr	NNS	Shadowhunters are trained to recognize shock along with other bad reactions to Marks and will treat you accordingly .
tr	NN	There was also a television , a refrigerator and another door that led out from the other side of the room .
tr	NN	The feline blinked at him with aloof indifference .
tr	NNS	Far at the horizon , the bluish hills rolled , like distant waves .
tr	NNS	Surreal figures outside the holo field became a futile blur .
tr	NN	The guard 's partner abandons his position at the steering wheel looking confused at the sudden tension that has filled the boat .
tr	NNS	His hip presses against my side as he reaches for a spoon .
tr	NNS	The mech wolves stood blocking the hallway .
tr	NN	His pulse was racing .
tr	NNS	Nerves flutter away in my belly .
tr	NNS	Their shouts of protest don 't even register on Cora 's face as she sprints to the car and unlocks it .
tr	NN	Chocolate milk brown that used to look at her as if she were some siren with glistening feathers .
tr	NN	An answering tremor ran through her , and she gave a soft chuckle .
tr	NNS	With any luck , whoever planted the surveillance cameras would scramble to remove them before the movers had a chance of finding them .
tr	NN	Knowing what was on people 's minds was my specialty .
tr	NN	The mob let out a savage roar , like some extinct African lion .
tr	NN	The chef has left some lamb chops wrapped in cling film .
tr	NN	A few minutes later , as if to make a grand entrance , Kamil 's father-in-law enters the room .
tr	NN	Once more there was a lack of surprise , a lack of emotion .
tr	NN	I couldn 't take anything , clothing included , being between us right now .
tr	NNS	The open jaws careening toward her jerked down suddenly and hit her shin , but there was no force behind the blow .
tr	NNS	Things came to a peak when Ruth went to a party in early spring and met a man from TGN .
tr	NN	The haze snaked around each one of them .
tr	NNS	Samuels had indicated that he had business with him , too .
tr	NN	What stakes could be high enough to make you play ? "
tr	NNS	asked James , his exasperation levels turned up to 100 .
tr	NN	Work at those vines covering the shed .
tr	NNS	Folks are scared and angry about it ?
tr	NNS	Thoughts and curiosity about the man she 'd chosen to marry without the coercion of a shotgun wedding .
tr	NN	There was one other reflection that was missing .
tr	NNS	The twins are at the awkward age of thirteen , so I don 't take anything that comes out of their mouth or their attitudes personally .
tr	NNS	" Lotta ghosts in Macbeth , " I offered , tapping my pen against my paper .
tr	NNS	Bohemian jewelry designers didn 't fit .
tr	NNS	The dancing warriors , though drunken and having such a wild time , started to make their way out of the circle one by one .
tr	NN	With a girl like Sallie , a constant velocity with little to no acceleration would not be acceptable ( or so James thought ) .
tr	NN	His reasoning makes no sense .
tr	NNS	More werewolf campers stepped out from behind the trees .
tr	NN	And like those miniatures , writing covered the walls here in their entirety , millions of lines , flowing all around .
tr	NNS	Strange creatures peered at him from the undergrowth on either side .
tr	NN	There 's nobody fitting that description at this point in time , now is there ? "
tr	NNS	Others say the rebels carried the field , but both sides were so decimated by the battle that peace would soon result .
tr	NN	" The insecurity was always there .
tr	NN	A squirrel , I mean .
tr	NN	No kidnapper would use the victim 's own house .
tr	NNS	" Team members will be : Brad , Conrad , Lexie , Jake , Alex , and Serena . "
tr	NNS	The only drinks they will be consuming are water and cola . "
tr	NNS	The footsteps reached the stairs , heavy against wooden floorboards .
tr	NNS	Others would have grown tired of the constant searching , yet he never did .
tr	NNS	A secret smugness filled me over the role I played , protecting these treasures .
tr	NNS	Yes , those experiences would mark a person even fifteen years after quitting the job .
tr	NNS	" How could these paintings be current ?
tr	NNS	She could see that and began smoothing out the wrinkles in her lacy dress , her golden locks shimmering down the ruffled back .
tr	NN	Or a coven could be following her .
tr	NN	The agony sears way more than it should for the size of the wound , burning from the betrayal , and tears spring up in my eyes .
tr	NN	A little pizza delivery van came squealing around the corner and pulled up abruptly beside us .
tr	NNS	Water sprites might be visions of loveliness , but they rarely possessed enough brains to fill a thimble .
tr	NN	This objection may apply to all forms or to particular aspects of war . "
tr	NN	That sentiment brought a lump to Jasmine 's throat .
tr	NNS	Things went well at first .
tr	NN	My sweet Blaire was incredibly horny .
tr	NN	There was a ledger open on his desk , a silver fountain pen on top .
tr	NNS	His lies feel like a hard slap in the face .
tr	NN	" No offense intended , of course . "
tr	NN	The dragon blinked at her sudden outburst .
tr	NN	' Your precious Jase , he never existed . '
tr	NNS	Depending how the light hit them , the tiny metal scales alternated in color from silver , purple and gold .
tr	NNS	My aged Grandma sometimes had odd conceptions .
tr	NN	A staircase , with sturdy treads formed from split logs , led up to several rooms on the second floor .
tr	NNS	Her thumbs drifted over the engorged head , feeling the slickness of his seed everywhere .
tr	NNS	Our ideas already seem to running parallel with each other . "
tr	NN	Its imperial bearing , wide wingspan , stern look ... But what was the meaning of that strange-looking lightning ?
tr	NNS	All his classmates were already inside as Viktor took a seat at the back of the class .
tr	NN	The announcement caught Jace by surprise .
tr	NNS	Their minds were along the same track at this point .
tr	NN	Her only garment was a short dress made of leaves and flowers .
tr	NN	The government will pour more money into it even if they have to borrow it from the Americans again . '
tr	NNS	There are two types of people in this world : Those who think about doing it , and those who do it .
tr	NNS	The roads were empty with no cars anywhere .
tr	NNS	Fortunately , there aren 't that many cells .
tr	NNS	" Things have been chugging along -- we 're still alive , and right now we aren 't in the best of situations .
tr	NN	Every objection from Lion only served to increase my frustration .
tr	NNS	The young rats had carefully moved aside , leaving one looking very , very alone .
tr	NN	The oily gel was pooling in various places on the ground inside the shed .
tr	NN	There were a ton of people in the station , packing into trains going north and south .
tr	NNS	Things that were precious and of great value .
tr	NN	Vincent 's exclamation of agony brought her head up .
tr	NNS	Because in the meadow of shadows and mists , the ghosts could feel every emotion .
tr	NN	The stench of his rotting flesh fading , as I take in the enormity of the beast and his undignified demise .
tr	NN	The wisp scorned , " what does it matter ?
tr	NN	The command in his eyes riled resentment .
tr	NNS	" Doors and windows are top-notch , but the elevator shaft could use some work . "
tr	NNS	Alexis took his hand .
tr	NNS	Others give a shorter span .
tr	NN	Her aura now rippled with a light blue .
tr	NNS	The small roadside villages became fewer and the traffic trickled off as they reached the valley floor .
tr	NN	The integrity of the structures around him continued to weaken .
tr	NN	His smug , self-satisfied smile dissolved and his eyes widened with astonishment .
tr	NNS	Deni 's uncontrolled instincts were punishing her now .
tr	NNS	How I was able to break into Michael 's and Josh 's minds like they were tissue paper .
tr	NNS	The roaring downstairs was louder now .
tr	NN	A real sweetheart , Bride was one of her regular clients .
tr	NNS	Thank you for your support All characters in this book are fictitious .
tr	NN	The sheriff stood watching while Gail crawled in the back seat and held Chuck upward in a sitting position .
tr	NN	After saying that , the referee left Lea .
tr	NN	I 'm obligated to you for life , " Del a teased .
tr	NN	' Could your sergeant have hidden anything in the field do you think ? '
tr	NNS	Had the gunmen used the same method of escape ?
tr	NNS	Their spines caught the sun .
tr	NN	The new species will no doubt be similar to humans -- perhaps in the image of God , whatever that might mean .
tr	NNS	Words weren 't always easy to prove , and I certainly would never expect him to .
tr	NNS	The fumes had to be messing with her mind .
tr	NNS	His efforts to discover their employer were unsuccessful .
tr	NNS	Things were getting out of hand fast , on her front porch for crying out loud , like he was a teenager .
tr	NNS	His survival instincts kicked in . "
tr	NN	An usher accepted their tickets .
tr	NN	Architectural design was much more fun .
tr	NN	As I watched , his mate fluttered down to join him on the opposite side .
tr	NNS	Words failed her because her lungs were still straining for oxygen , her throat still thick with longing .
tr	NN	Her first instinct was a vehement refusal , but she swore she saw challenge in the warrior 's eyes .
tr	NN	The illusion of natural greenery pleases me and I vary its details from time to time .
tr	NNS	" Since when are teachers allowed to give detention for failing a stupid quiz ? "
tr	NN	The boat 's launching was a major event in the life of the little village .
tr	NNS	New Mexican recruits may not be loyal to you , sir .
tr	NN	His reasoning made sense , perfect sense , but Della didn 't want to see it that way .
tr	NNS	The strong winds changed , redirecting the fire and sending the smoke cloud billowing back down the mountainside and across the dirt road .
tr	NNS	The deaths hadn 't been easy .
tr	NN	The blunt tip skated off , taking his wrist a few inches from the serrated edge of a beautiful Japanese carving knife .
tr	NNS	The trains ran twenty-four hours a day .
tr	NNS	Rufus laughed softly , squinting at the younger man to keep himself from chortling with victory .
tr	NN	" Some beach south of Sydney , " Jake responded .
tr	NNS	And then she was gone , disappearing from view , her footsteps pounding farther and farther away .
tr	NNS	There were two main differences now .
tr	NNS	' My apologies for being late , ' replied Rockwell .
tr	NN	" The carving is too short !
tr	NN	Then , I imagine , their first instinct would have been to find the cat and make sure it was all right .
tr	NNS	Families stood next to the remainders of their homes , watching as the unquenchable flames consumed the last beams .
tr	NN	The Macey parlor was comfortable enough , but Dan had a sense that he did not belong .
tr	NN	The first stirring of hope hit her , and she straightened .
tr	NN	Now , their absence made him look strange , alien even , though Tom would never speak his thoughts aloud .
tr	NN	No , that privilege went to his parents .
tr	NNS	There were no obvious signs for his death and he only had minor health problems .
tr	NNS	The other directors muttered their assent .
tr	NN	" Your grandmother is a delightful lady . "
tr	NNS	Fire packets rained down from Sasha 's tree , creating bursts of light that the archers could use to see their targets all the more clearly .
tr	NNS	Soldiers lined up the government officials along one edge .
tr	NN	" The fire inspector can only confirm arson .
tr	NN	The bra came off next , but Finn wasn 't watching my movements anymore .
tr	NN	Apparently , unbeknownst to me , my vows rested upon a loyalty to Aaron Lightner .
tr	NNS	Things I made in school , a few things by Gwen , some candy canes .
tr	NNS	My mind was blurry , darkened figures roamed around me with talon like claws .
tr	NN	Their leader was still and inhaled slowly .
tr	NN	" His accent was thick over the words , as concern filled him .
tr	NNS	Lots of people threw their possessions away instead of treasuring them .
tr	NNS	Lights were going on all through the house , and in neighboring houses as well .
tr	NN	As the sun turned west there was a gleam of yellow upon its far roof , as if the light caught the last pale leaves .
tr	NNS	Adam 's two best buddies growing up , Josh and Rob made it and so did my two closest girlfriends .
tr	NN	" What 's our budget for the month look like ? "
tr	NN	The substitute teacher , who was really nice but really old , kept looking through all the kids .
tr	NN	His briefcase was just a few steps away , and he attacked it .
tr	NN	" Your sympathy and kindness blinds you and makes you fragile and vulnerable .
tr	NNS	Her tits hung down , grazing his chest .
tr	NNS	Some witnesses were also present .
tr	NNS	Tanks alone cannot win wars !
tr	NN	" My grandmother taught me so much .
tr	NN	" There is little honor in this visit .
tr	NN	Each werewolf grabbed at one bolt and began to unscrew it as fast as possible .
tr	NN	A fake priest looked up with alarm .
tr	NN	The captain scoffed , " you are a bold little magpie , boy !
tr	NN	How had Ferry brought her here ?
tr	NN	This pathetic heap has rendered your daughter 's husband lifeless and you stand idly by and tell me to be silent ?
tr	NNS	Chills remain on my arms long after he hangs up .
tr	NN	The growls turn even more vicious .
tr	NNS	Things would be fine . "
tr	NNS	The colors increase from yellow orange to yellow and then to white at 5,800 Kelvin .
tr	NN	A gunnery sergeant was the lead ; unmoved by their questions , he and the others led the two women on their way .
tr	NN	Every defeat before now seemed like a foundation stone on which this one was built .
tr	NN	A treaty between them would improve security for all . "
tr	NN	The mayor wasn 't taking any chances with Regan .
tr	NN	But the scariest , though not the most exotic element of the creature were its eyes .
tr	NNS	Vintage posters and old projectors are part of the decor .
tr	NNS	The runes of the Book are more than illustrations .
tr	NNS	Nicodemus nodded to one of the goons .
tr	NNS	Her movements were slow and leisurely , tasting , exploring , touching .
tr	NN	" Maybe ... " Greg opened up the video file 's info to look at the details .
tr	NN	If nothing else , a leader had to be firm and decisive .
tr	NN	A whistle blew at lunchtime , and she went to look for Jeff .
tr	NNS	Things can get a little pricey . "
tr	NNS	There was his shyness , for another thing .
tr	NNS	The other two couples disappeared quickly and Dimitri took her hand as they slowly walked down the hallway towards his room .
tr	NNS	Flames erupted as a rocket left the launcher .
tr	NNS	The stakes could not be higher .
tr	NN	The senator does a double take .
tr	NN	Father Seymour finally spoke , a slight tremor in his voice : " Joe , what you have just said is highly offensive .
tr	NN	" That scenario terrifies me . "
tr	NNS	Lace , velvet and flowery fabrics predominated .
tr	NN	Todd 's ease with his nudity had her swallowing saliva down a dry throat .
tr	NN	The experimental medication , as the doctors had expected , had had no effect at all .
tr	NN	The pilot replied , " two thousand miles with our current fuel levels . "
tr	NN	The country highway I 'd driven down a million times looked like a postcard today with the trees turning yellow and red .
tr	NNS	Romulus raised his eyebrows .
tr	NNS	Something heavy lands against my shoulder , slamming my head against the floor , pinning me in place .
tr	NN	Jazz moved away a little .
tr	NN	The priest bowed before striding off purposefully , as if he , at least , knew why he was here .
tr	NNS	" Oh , yes ... the markings were three Xs on his chest .
tr	NN	The throbbing in his left hand had subsided and now he could feel nothing - except a cold draft .
tr	NN	" What prayers to you remember ? "
tr	NNS	Those two outside processes would have created their own paper trail that once set in motion , would have been almost impossible to go back and alter .
tr	NNS	His contacts in the human intelligence network had informed him that the professor had expensive tastes .
tr	NN	A see-through lacy black bra and matching thong hung inches from his face .
tr	NN	The baron was still the best option for a swift and peaceful transition , one requiring no martyrs or heroes .
tr	NN	The hail started falling , big as stones , doing damage to buildings , defenses and men alike .
tr	NN	This drunken exchange in the last hour or so was the longest conversation Steven had had in months , possibly years .
tr	NNS	" My hypothesis is that when I get off , one of them will follow .
tr	NN	Another fifty were gathering at the base , three hundred feet below .
tr	NN	CHAPTER THREE As he stepped off the red-eye from Los Angeles to New York the next morning , his email burst with a flurry of messages .
tr	NN	If I had killed you last night my goat would be alive now .
tr	NN	His absence left her feeling chilled .
tr	NNS	The female servants far outweighed the males .
tr	NN	One circumstance added plausibility .
tr	NN	Our leader blinked his eyes and scratched his head .
tr	NNS	Things like the Choosing Ceremony .
tr	NN	There was already an audience in the bleachers , mostly men with shabby clothes and desperate , unkempt looks .
tr	NNS	But even the country roads are paved and immaculate , perfect like everything else .
tr	NNS	At the same time , her hackles rose at his disapproving frown .
tr	NN	" That routine with the mouse was hilarious .
tr	NN	My grandmother is causing a huge scene , holding a bright purple sun umbrella and waving her hand like crazy to get my attention .
tr	NN	All this time , all these years ... Gradually the lane grew quiet , but Marcus 's blood raged , drowning his hearing in roaring sound .
tr	NN	Even after all this time , the guilt was unrelenting .
tr	NN	Organic cotton clothing is a hot topic these days . "
tr	NNS	In less than three years full - blown trials were taking place on the chambers .
tr	NN	The lust on the bedding in the other room reeked .
tr	NNS	The werewolves rode the elevator to the third floor without me .
tr	NNS	Then footsteps approached the door .
tr	NNS	His sentences were smooth and deliberate and laden with a heavy Arkansas accent .
tr	NN	The plant weighed more than he had expected , but the heavier the better , he thought .
tr	NN	Love said as he rolled his baseball around in his hand .
tr	NNS	Things we 've learned in the last 48 hours : - Our fathers used to work together .
tr	NN	His New York accent was heavy , whereas the tall one 's monotone droll sounded like it could have come from anywhere but the city .
tr	NN	" The canyon , " Simon suggested .
tr	NN	There is no recovery from the fate that awaits anyone who gets trapped with us .
tr	NN	There was a rumbling from Mt Vince .
tr	NNS	" Your grandparents didn 't like him at all .
tr	NNS	What if there were other creatures lurking around the floor ?
tr	NNS	" Spam artists are as common as hairballs .
tr	NNS	Her fingernails were blood soaked from trying to claw her way out of the coffin .
tr	NNS	The floors were marble , perfect and lustrous and streaming with veins of white and silver .
tr	NN	As Raphael glanced back down , a scar at the base of his throat , very white against his brown skin , flashed like a winking eye .
tr	NNS	The nine zombies that Gem had originally seen were all here , apparently , and they were feeding .
tr	NN	She had to run a pub on her own and all she had for help was Alexi the Hungry ' un chef .
tr	NN	" What 's your theory ? "
tr	NNS	His temples pounded with the beginning of a massive headache .
tr	NN	My nausea was not what she was referring to .
tr	NN	His explanation was , " He doesn 't give us enough time to get it all done .
tr	NN	The first hunter stepped closer until he came within the telling glow of Oleg 's lantern .
tr	NNS	When the waters clashed , the middle currents simply pulled the outer edges into line and carried them up stream .
tr	NN	' I 'm with you there , ' Love murmured .
tr	NNS	Things I 've never told anyone , never told him , even .
tr	NNS	Things seem out of place ... as though they don 't belong here .
tr	NN	The lack of heat proved that to be false .
tr	NN	The notion was unbearable and she spun around to face it head on .
tr	NNS	There were seven murders , and most of them happened off-screen .
tr	NNS	Others do not . "
tr	NN	The language shocked Sam .
tr	NN	Almost to a man , her audience leaned forward .
tr	NN	Are you still sure there was no intervention from anybody ? "
tr	NNS	These changes alone might be enough to allow Rolando to fight off the coercion program if he were ever to be exposed to its directives again .
tr	NN	But when Paulo pulled on a sweater and stretched himself out on the tent floor as if to sleep , claustrophobia set in .
tr	NN	' Did your tribe give you those tattoos ? '
tr	NN	There is a pattern . '
tr	NN	This setup is too sweet .
tr	NNS	Suddenly , the shiny marble floors of the TRIO hotel didn 't look relaxing at all .
tr	NNS	The mattress dipped beneath their weight .
tr	NNS	Dee 's nostrils flared .
tr	NN	A huge TV hung from the wall and a computer desk sat against one wall .
tr	NNS	Hands clasped behind you . "
tr	NNS	It seemed more populated , the roads and towns better maintained .
tr	NN	Every instinct warned her to turn and run .
tr	NN	The inspector pulled himself together , arranged his clothes .
tr	NNS	The fans behind me continued to sing .
tr	NN	A single low bark echoed to them .
tr	NN	Its white paint had aged and weathered .
tr	NNS	The blades of the turbine began to spin , and Jack suddenly looked like a kid on Christmas morning .
tr	NNS	Lots of women did .
tr	NNS	Though they wouldn 't get official confirmation until after the Thanksgiving holiday , the clients assured them that theirs was the best proposal they 'd seen .
tr	NNS	The duchess didn 't move .
tr	NN	Maybe the legend is true , and I 'm not the rightful heir .
tr	NNS	There are security cameras watching everything .
tr	NNS	The nurses said she fell asleep in the waiting room . "
tr	NN	Loud thud and the giant of a man collapsed over me .
tr	NNS	Tris just shakes her head .
tr	NN	" Which ladies were running against her ? "
tr	NN	His uncle stood in the doorway looking a little dishevelled and quite distraught .
tr	NN	The bastard had most likely allowed them that time knowing what Ren would do .
tr	NNS	" And teachers and workers are on alert looking for her .
tr	NN	The weakness of her response makes my stomach churn in a manner that I cannot understand and I wonder if it is her stomach I am feeling .
tr	NN	The damned village priest needed a few francs to get him to give up that stuffy Catholicism for just a simple marriage . "
tr	NN	The ape , perplexed , was doubtful how to broach the subject next .
tr	NN	The model can move around , but it 's Jack you want to follow . "
tr	NN	History would take a stuttering step forward and then stagger , turn and fall !
tr	NNS	After all , our pack had threatened to kill us both if we ever contacted - let alone went near - any pack members .
tr	NN	Even a small weakness would build enormous flaws over two decades ' time .
tr	NNS	Like everything else , the roads are returning to nature .
tr	NNS	The nurses were very responsive to what she was going through .
tr	NN	No explanation , and the sender was not anywhere in the building .
tr	NN	The guilt hadn 't let him .
tr	NN	A thin sheen of sweat covered her skin and her clothes clung to her , damp and uncomfortable .
tr	NNS	Granted , g * y couples in a state like Texas wouldn 't have too easy a time of it .
tr	NNS	Where are the sonic booms ?
tr	NN	Her instinct told her sooner or later they would encounter someone or something unpleasant .
tr	NNS	Samuels let out a sharp bark of laughter .
tr	NN	Besides , my uncle made it clear to me and to my parents that my presence at Hawthorne was not desired .
tr	NNS	His clientele had consisted of minor character actors .
tr	NN	Any annoyance I felt with him disappeared at the sight of his companion .
tr	NNS	" Large covens don 't work , and taking over a city -- that 's just ludicrous . "
tr	NN	The Sphinx popped open a can of apple juice and poured the contents into a frosty mug .
tr	NN	There was definitely no electricity and when KM 's scouts had identified the village as one to assist , it was easy to see why .
tr	NNS	Things were different now .
tr	NN	So the good captain had already perceived , as Painter had , that Amanda 's best chance of survival lay in everyone continuing to believe that lie .
tr	NNS	Things are not looking good .
tr	NN	The Lead Scientist sighed , relieved that Mr. Rice was gone .
tr	NNS	Living spaces opened up to the outside by way of glass accordion doors .
tr	NN	Their passion wasn 't afraid to show now that everything had been set free .
tr	NN	Perhaps higher up , no , the bark gnarled too much , objecting strenuously .
tr	NNS	The other three witnesses , like Mose , sat in wide-eyed awe at the maps and data spread out before them .
tr	NN	" Where is your notebook , by the way ?
tr	NNS	With each group came cries of relief , relatives diving under the rope to lead off their husbands , wives , children , parents , siblings .
tr	NNS	The emptiness became like a mirror , reflecting the light of the world .
tr	NN	Sometimes their clothing was the only thing that kept them from doing more than drinking from each other .
tr	NN	The first hound made a flying leap at the boar , but was stopped in midair by the boar 's cruel tusks .
tr	NN	A splinter shot into the tender skin there , but she welcomed the discomfort .
tr	NN	The convent has sent me a message .
tr	NN	His grandmother is chaperoning them for the Season . "
tr	NNS	In fact , their mothers were best friends as children .
tr	NN	My hands tremble , unable to answer , yet powerless to silence it .
tr	NNS	Lots of people talk about us . "
tr	NNS	The drapes of the plaid got in Ainsley 's way , but she easily found him .
tr	NN	His partner nodded , indicating he understood the plan .
tr	NNS	Lots of people have tattoos . "
tr	NNS	" As near as we can tell , the bites were all from the same mouth . "
tr	NNS	Shouts of terror came from the hospital .
tr	NNS	His worries fled and he found that he had become very tired all of a sudden .
tr	NN	Jazz got up so fast she felt her throbbing head swim .
tr	NNS	Maxwell exits , moving his bulky frame through the door , cursing under his breath as his head hits the top .
tr	NNS	No codes , or mail , or communication beyond their own voices .
tr	NNS	What life Barbie had as a young girl !
tr	NNS	The servants dared to meet his eyes , then looked away with darting glances .
tr	NN	His slightly melodic accent was nearly impossible to place .
tr	NN	If there is a cause , there is an explanation . "
tr	NN	She pulled the reins hard , the mount headed right at the two warriors .
tr	NN	A hunger born of two lifetimes .
tr	NNS	There were no signs of civilization - Gerald 's Garage , or a cabin .
tr	NN	" No trick , " the deep voice assured him .
tr	NN	A trickle of blood dripped from his scalp and oozed down the side of his nose .
tr	NN	Her resolve weakened -- until she stole a sideways glance at Josh .
tr	NNS	Swimming creatures darted out of their path and circled close .
tr	NNS	My surroundings were exactly the same as the last time I was here : dreary , gray and utterly lifeless .
tr	NN	Chance just watched her with those dark eyes of his .
tr	NNS	Things might be over between them , but she didn 't want him to think she 'd jumped into something with Tucker .
tr	NNS	Others say the Immortals made them . "
tr	NNS	Thinking about that now , my cards shake in my hand .
tr	NN	The only consolation was that the streambed was wide and shallow , full of packed gravel and sand .
tr	NNS	Her grandparents had decided not to tell their daughter that she was adopted , preferring not to dislodge her carefully planned world .
tr	NN	" The brotherhood has a private hangar at the airport , so we 're going there .
tr	NN	Even the administrator seemed caught up in it .
tr	NNS	The wolves behind us started to become agitated .
tr	NNS	The tests came back conclusive that she had a painful and crippling rare bone disease ; it was similar to polio .
tr	NN	Even the slightest muscle tremor wil give away his attack .
tr	NNS	Others lay next to the bus , too exhausted or weakened from their ordeal .
tr	NNS	" What are movies ? "
tr	NN	The van jerked to a halt and Jace leaped out , reaching back to lift Alec as if he weighed no more than a child .
tr	NN	" Ok " said Francis .
tr	NNS	" Such a scandalous profession you choose !
tr	NN	Chipped pink nail polish peeked through the dirt ... and blood .
tr	NN	Unfortunately , his concentration seemed to be intent on erotic thoughts this evening , and they kept zeroing in on things they had no business targeting .
tr	NN	At the command ' weapons free ' , each tank began to engage whatever enemy troops they were able to find .
tr	NNS	His defenses had dropped .
tr	NNS	Yesterday her fellow board members had mentioned where the boy had lived .
tr	NN	The lead investigator was dumb founded and shared his thoughts .
tr	NN	The dragon landed on a rock above the meadow where the children played .
tr	NNS	The cameras can 't see us there . "
tr	NN	Although some of the ink had faded , the writing was intact , with delicate letters .
tr	NN	The Woodbridge defense might be better than I thought .
tr	NNS	The tipping scales and the AZT capsules that overflow represent the power of greed that can change the balance of rationality and truth .
tr	NN	Marcus 's saying her name in that sinfully seductive voice of his had her stilling , the rest of her sentence falling away .
tr	NNS	Two boards covered two windows yet they didn 't quite meet in the middle , allowing a crack of visibility .
tr	NNS	The locations you choose must be convenient to the eastern caravan route , yet command the southern river trade .
tr	NNS	Lots of hungry mouths to feed again , so let 's get cracking . "
tr	NN	The concept is simple , but the execution will be incredibly dangerous .
tr	NNS	Hephaestus didn 't acknowledge him .
tr	NN	The sparkle was unmistakable .
tr	NNS	Your skills will come to naught . "
tr	NNS	A bleak emptiness filled his chest .
tr	NNS	Images of his family dying while he 'd been powerless to stop their torture ripped through his mind .
tr	NN	In her hand was a bouquet of wildflowers .
tr	NN	The hermit had smelled it once before , right after his Skill manifest .
tr	NN	The dragon settled on the wide verandah overlooking the sea .
tr	NNS	There aren 't any illegal substances that you can 't get in a school or prison -- except , perhaps , plutonium .
tr	NN	Every instinct urged her to rush to the warehouse and save the little girl .
tr	NN	The brash young fellow strolled over to Abe .
tr	NNS	Though he and Clara hadn 't had sex yet , few mysteries remained to be revealed .
tr	NNS	The dowager duchess said nothing , so Hawk pressed on .
tr	NN	A breaking dawn pierces through the shades of gray alerting me that we can wake the children and go searching for Jeff 's pack .
tr	NNS	It left an unfortunate side effect , if the users feet were wet , or if they walked through sand , footprints would be visible .
tr	NNS	Others suggested burning the approaching fields .
tr	NN	The Master of Horses swore furiously .
tr	NNS	The ghosts , the damned ghosts , were right .
tr	NN	The unfortunate senator answered Claudia 's description perfectly .
tr	NN	When the door swung shut , the clang seemed to echo around her .
tr	NNS	Lots of posters of classic and popular films decorated the walls , everything from Casablanca to Casino Royale .
tr	NN	Only an idiot would believe that life was supposed to be fair .
tr	NN	Tanner 's bout with a pinched nerve hadn 't slowed him one bit .
tr	NNS	Fallen ceilings and walls had blocked many routes , and Ezio had to make frequent detours .
tr	NNS	His thumbs move over the sensitive skin under my breast and my breathing becomes erratic .
tr	NNS	The fierceness with which she said the words felt good .
tr	NNS	The petals continued to fall around me , tickling my arms as they made their way to the plush ground .
tr	NNS	" Sure , the new ones of us will do pretty much the same things we did , butt hopefully the little changes will keep all safe .
tr	NN	No pun intended . "
tr	NNS	The winds finally stopped , but the destruction had been done .
tr	NNS	The two werewolves nodded .
tr	NN	The long pink gown , studded with hundreds of rhinestones on the strapless bodice , flowed behind her , making her feel like a princess .
tr	NN	The bronze sculpture was simple and yet profound .
tr	NNS	Girls could do that .
tr	NN	A sliver of ice tumbled down his back when he saw the timestamp .
tr	NN	" Go watch the cart , " the werewolf said .
tr	NN	His pulse had slowed even more since she 'd stopped the truck .
tr	NN	He stopped her on the doorstep , turned her to face him , his expression gravely intent , his eyes searing hers with a blaze of need .
tr	NNS	" My tickets are just closer to the field . "
tr	NN	But the caller had said that he could reveal the truth to Arthur .
tr	NNS	Static or silence , wild images projected onto his waking dreams - these were all he got .
tr	NNS	Your instincts will fail you . "
tr	NN	The proud daddy cut the cord and took the baby to his mother .
tr	NNS	Summers is in charge of the daily propaganda releases .
tr	NN	Love thought back to the moment to when they said goodbye .
tr	NN	" Forget the roses , " the pilot said grandly .
tr	NNS	Things are better now . "
tr	NN	" Your flattery knows no bounds .
tr	NN	A meticulous handwritten script filled the pages , along with drawings that had been done with an equally precise hand .
tr	NNS	The temperatures had soared into the hundreds with the humidity hanging out at around 100 percent .
tr	NN	Link sat in Doc 's office for the rest of the visit , but he wasn 't listening anymore .
tr	NN	But my birthday isn 't until next week .
tr	NN	My daddy says ... " By then , Sophia was no longer listening .
tr	NNS	Chess watched me , immobile , mute .
tr	NNS	Her hair left a moist spot on his uniform , the dampness cool against his overheating flesh .
tr	NN	The siding on the house behind it was the same color .
tr	NNS	Sirens rang out as hundreds of figures raced into the shipyard , some of them were alive , some were not .
tr	NN	Inside , the general 's secretary was sitting at his desk .
tr	NNS	The twins watched us all the way .
tr	NNS	" Jets and Subs probably make the most sense . "
tr	NN	" My grandmother gave that to me when I was little .
tr	NN	The camp leader confirmed what Kylie had suspected .
tr	NN	A dark mass of curly hair , wild and untamed , framed the visage of an ancient goddess .
tr	NNS	There 's so many other ideas you shared and we are now trying to work on them .
tr	NN	Now the challenge was undeniable .
tr	NNS	Runes glistened along the length of its dark shaft .
tr	NN	My appetite still hadn 't returned fully and it didn 't bother me either way whether I ate or not .
tr	NN	" I 've got something to show you , " the duke growled .
tr	NNS	" Trust me , you two gorgeous ladies will not have any trouble finding a cure for that withdrawal in London .
tr	NN	But the pinch comes when I 'm subpoenaed by the grand jury . "
tr	NNS	Twin blades of a helicopter rose steadily from the huge hole , and wet snow whirled over the frozen ground as the blades started to spin .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids slowly opened .
tr	NN	Perhaps his bully was getting bored with it , after all .
tr	NNS	There were three types of needles available .
tr	NNS	Several persons went to the windows and closed the shutters , leaving only a few faint traces of light in the room .
tr	NNS	The bees had thought he was dead .
tr	NNS	There were weird sculptures everywhere , which Cassidy called " art installations . "
tr	NNS	The guardians of the border lakes do not tolerate aggression ... unless of course they are the ones dispensing it . "
tr	NN	The medication was undoubtedly kicking in .
tr	NNS	These paintings were bright and vivid and sweet and reflected his fondness for the town .
tr	NNS	Serena stays silent , the consequences of either decision settling hard in her stomach like an iron anchor hitting the seafloor .
tr	NN	Landon 's grin was triumphant , there was his passion matched .
tr	NN	The chant broke off abruptly .
tr	NN	The ease with which he manipulates words is his greatest talent .
tr	NN	However , your Uncle has already given his approval . "
tr	NNS	Screams from the paparazzi , the fans , and I do believe a few whistles from the celebrities in the car as well .
tr	NN	The secretary wasn 't even there and she had passed many empty offices along the way .
tr	NNS	If they real y were undead , werewolves should no longer have need of that particular biological function . "
tr	NN	Call me an idiot , but I took a deep breath and walked into the rehearsal room .
tr	NN	A large plume of water erupted up the starboard side of The Owner .
tr	NN	" I 'll take care of the trouble , " the sheriff said quietly .
tr	NNS	The mattress springs creaked under his large bulk .
tr	NN	" The all-seeing , all-knowing creator of everything is clueless ? "
tr	NN	Rowling was standing in profile , her posture cramped with age .
tr	NNS	But there are no creatures on the beaches tonight .
tr	NNS	Flowers dotted the hillsides .
tr	NN	A good description since few ever left their village .
tr	NN	But beneath that bright sheen lay only death .
tr	NN	" How 's that partner of yours , my boy ? "
tr	NN	The market wasn 't very large , since Baba was very isolated up there , but it was a good day to get a good trade .
tr	NN	Simple enough in concept , but the pressure had to be applied evenly to make a clean break .
tr	NNS	The colors blur and I move as if in a fog .
tr	NNS	Names , characters , places , and incidents are either products of the author 's imagination or used facetiously .
tr	NNS	Doors silently opened and the three of them stepped into the empty car .
tr	NNS	After all , there were no ghosts .
tr	NN	No degree could offer any comparable education .
tr	NNS	A half-dozen rows of stainless steel workbenches divide the room , while various pieces of lab equipment and a few cages line the walls .
tr	NNS	Additional searches of their room were to be expected , and apparel that had not been there earlier would undoubtedly heighten the interest of those watching them .
tr	NN	When it touched the bottom the pitcher filled with an orange liquid .
tr	NN	Colin worked later than everyone , his secretary left the building a quarter of an hour before him every night .
tr	NNS	Hart wanted to laugh , mirth being all the brighter after the memories the letters had forced upon him .
tr	NNS	Things here are still messy and I have to stay until we can sort them out .
tr	NNS	" Pain pills , " Jo searched the counter for the bottle .
tr	NN	The official term for sinking , coined by none other than Mary Hightower herself , is " Gravity Fatigue . "
tr	NN	Regardless , the outline served as a nice guide so when I went to write Rome 's Evolution , my outline was more detailed .
tr	NN	Nor would any human method ever produce a unit that operated on so little power as a nerve cell .
tr	NNS	Giant plasma television screens smiled and talked to no one .
tr	NN	A warrior does not fear violence or run from confrontations .
tr	NNS	Jared 's jaws fluttered .
tr	NNS	Words to melt the coldest of hearts .
tr	NNS	The villagers were ecstatic -- fae are good luck !
tr	NN	" What 's the favor ? "
tr	NNS	Yet does the cosmos need suffering ?
tr	NNS	The other four depressed middle-aged ladies had all merged into one , and she couldn 't for the life of her remember which patient had said what .
tr	NNS	A few last shots just to keep their heads down and then she ran over to me .
tr	NNS	The assembled pirates drew their weapons : guns and swords , knives and spears , in preparation for an attack .
tr	NN	One angel looked at him , smiling slowly .
tr	NNS	His accommodations were comfortable , and he didn 't charge much for a sailor to sleep on a table -- or underneath one .
tr	NN	The other executive nodded .
tr	NN	" My mommy used to wear butterflies in her hair when she got dressed up . "
tr	NN	Doing it built in immortals an affinity between the species .
tr	NN	" The sooner this hunt is over with , the better . "
tr	NNS	Things were different before Callum . "
tr	NNS	Those little white pills have worked their voodoo magic . "
tr	NNS	Extension cords , copper wire , PVC pipe , welding rods -- not much more than that . "
tr	NN	" The spider left us stunned , and a cyclops would have finished us .
tr	NN	The sea woman dreamily , delicately , licked away the wine .
tr	NN	The armory was now in reach , and I quickly made my way inside .
tr	NN	The thief rubbed his chin , scraping off layers of filth .
tr	NN	Then , without waiting for approval , the Martian government began the construction of the fleet .
tr	NNS	The family members spread to different parts of the house , each to seek a separate peace .
tr	NNS	The spots , stripes , and shapes were all different .
tr	NN	The pilot remained with the helicopter ; his final words were disquieting .
tr	NNS	Simon 's eyelids lifted , as did his head .
tr	NNS	Unless these cells somehow muffled magical tracking .
tr	NN	The commander would have to re-establish his authority ; if he wavered , Zeal would take him down .
tr	NN	Each RUT unit seated a dozen passengers , with rows of two seats separated by an aisle in the middle .
tr	NN	Every nerve in my body was excited and on edge .
tr	NN	The tapestry had a picture of a meadow with a small lake in the center of it .
tr	NNS	Parts of words caught .
tr	NN	The routine hadn 't altered much since he 'd started scouting this particular boy out about six weeks ago .
tr	NN	Reality came crashing back and I realized we were on the street .
tr	NNS	" There are no facts ! "
tr	NNS	My measly skills would earn me a butt kicking to remember .
tr	NNS	Her furtive actions and evasive words could destroy an innocent person and allow the guilty one to escape .
tr	NN	" He 's taken , sweetie , " the brunette growled .
tr	NN	Anger and resentment filled the air , settling around his shoulders like a silk cape .
tr	NN	The Empire didn 't advance , and the soldiers dug trenches out of the range of European artillery shells , holding their position .
tr	NNS	Myles felt his eyebrows go up .
tr	NNS	After that , both boxers were resting up and waiting for the announcer to order the seconds to leave the ring .
tr	NNS	Some bits run continuously , working heart and lungs ; while other parts take an active thought to trigger , like speech or walking .
tr	NNS	The other visitors gave him a strange look .
tr	NN	There was a discordant and disapproving chorus of " Yes sir , " from the men .
tr	NNS	Former classmates of Louie testify that this news was devastating to him .
tr	NNS	But these drugs were like a truth serum .
tr	NNS	Bones dove into the room , rolling immediately to counter any frontal assault , the blades gripped in his hands seeking flesh to bury themselves into .
tr	NNS	In the distance , bluish gray hills rose into a sky so blue , it hurt the eyes .
tr	NNS	" Good ' a place ta ' start as any . "
tr	NNS	The nurses noticed it , too , and often smiled when they stopped by .
tr	NNS	There are Borgia supporters here , too .
tr	NN	The studio was a small room , full of mixing desks and monitors .
tr	NN	Where is your honour ? '
tr	NN	A useless gear that turned nothing .
tr	NN	But the pen I 'd used as a stopper was still in place and the hidden door still slightly ajar as I had left it .
tr	NN	Without the females , our race couldn 't survive .
tr	NN	If she disappears , the sheriff will come knocking on every door up here .
tr	NNS	In years past , his lovers had often said that Edwin 's bite was like shooting up on some crazy aphrodisiac .
tr	NNS	His pupils flinched an instant before his face relaxed , and I tried not to lose myself in the relief that it had worked .
tr	NN	The blister on her right foot had popped hours ago , the pain now a dull throb .
tr	NN	" And that picture you showed us -- " A Christian deity , " Jackson said .
tr	NNS	The sails hung slack for a few moments .
tr	NNS	Generally speaking , my instincts about people ( who weren 't women who might potentially end up doing adult things with me ) were pretty good .
tr	NN	The bark splintered , falling as shards to the mossy ground .
tr	NNS	The suns are rising .
tr	NNS	There were iron locks on the door .
tr	NN	The mighty shield had disappeared from my side to once more adorn his scarred forearm .
tr	NNS	The footsteps were getting closer and closer .
tr	NN	What was that term Dallas had used ?
tr	NN	There was a fuzzy outline of something that at first looked like a giant white crab coming at him .
tr	NNS	Things that could save them .
tr	NN	The network has grown to the point that you have healed and become self-aware . "
tr	NN	The bitch was pointing a gun ten inches from the bridge of her nose , and she was just sitting there , continent and calm .
tr	NNS	Bulletin boards welcoming students back lined the hallway and someone had already added their own creative decorations to several .
tr	NN	The punk puts out a hand to calm him .
tr	NN	The dull clang of his umbrella as he slid it into a brass tub .
tr	NN	Her h * ps were now moving in desperation , her breath coming in pants .
tr	NNS	Many strands in the web weren 't visible to me .
tr	NN	The siren stopped and I heard a door open in the distance , but it sounded foggy , like I was hearing it through a tunnel .
tr	NN	The shrine was in a valley up in the mountains , and there was a grotto and an altar and that sort of thing . "
tr	NNS	He escorted his visitor around the city , explained their programs and the economic and cultural influences which affected their work .
tr	NN	Love is a conquest .
tr	NN	One morning , an account executive was saying , " I 've thought of the perfect logo for the Rancho Beef Chili account .
tr	NNS	as the zombies carried him off .
tr	NNS	Finn 's nostrils flared and he advanced on Cory .
tr	NN	" Signore Antonio , " said the elder priest , the one with the sharp yet gentle features .
tr	NNS	The powerful jaws closed on empty air .
tr	NN	The tape showed eight forty-five , and the street was still empty .
tr	NN	The Program pressured him into it .
tr	NNS	The ladies behind the desk at the physical therapy entrance were nice , but Keith frowned when he saw Cora .
tr	NN	" And the dragon said silver is the answer ? "
tr	NN	Mostly my status meant that the shapeshifters might let me say a couple of words before deciding to fillet me .
tr	NNS	The switches continued to beat , but Egwene was growing numb .
tr	NNS	Before I could gather the strength to protest , four male aliens latched onto my arms and legs .
tr	NNS	His staff members were probably too scared of him to do anything but jump at his command .
tr	NN	Her pulse , I learned , was super low .
tr	NNS	" Our spies have learned that the Devourer has once again made collecting the talismans a top priority .
tr	NN	The mayor began rubbing his chin as he considered the question .
tr	NNS	Our differences only point to our similarities .
tr	NN	A goblin had her soul on the end of his fishing line , ready to reel it in .
tr	NNS	Instantly there were several hits , and they scrolled through them .
tr	NNS	" My prayers go unanswered , to whom I believe only responds in silence .
tr	NN	" Car rental is next . "
tr	NN	His chuckle is low and pained .
tr	NNS	The edges of his eyes crinkled .
tr	NN	A single grotesque limb shuddered and reached out , coiling about Bryan 's waist .
tr	NN	Love shook his head as he took a long drag of his cigarette .
tr	NNS	From the shadows behind the golden glow , four figures emerged , levitating just a few feet above the ground .
tr	NN	A fallen log lay across her path .
tr	NNS	Hephaestus coughed and then asked , " What about your probes ?
tr	NNS	The greasy blond locks fell right back in front of his ashen face .
tr	NN	The TV came on by itself .
tr	NN	A proper widow mourned for her husband for a month or so before finding a new one .
tr	NN	Jason 's soft chuckle was the last thing she heard before she floated back to sleep .
tr	NN	The troll looked Imp up and down , slowly and deliberately .
tr	NN	Soaring Dove is an amazing creature , but she can 't outrun a Cheyenne scout . "
tr	NNS	Cadmus shook his head , " This goes far beyond the Empire .
tr	NNS	The shouts and cries of the approaching players were getting louder .
tr	NNS	The edges were rough .
tr	NNS	More than a few areas felt tight , so I spent extra time on them , enjoying the sensation of her gradually melting beneath me .
tr	NNS	Skulls carefully watched over Richard , as he knelt down besides Sophia 's mangled body .
tr	NNS	" There 's a real wild party downstairs . "
tr	NNS	Lots of people made dire predictions about the end of artificial intelligence .
tr	NN	There was no hesitation .
tr	NNS	Two icy wind tunnels shot from his palms and swept over the heard of hornets .
tr	NN	The sole function of the clan was to exist .
tr	NNS	Others wept by the graveside , and laughed at stories told around the trestle tables on the verandah throughout the afternoon .
tr	NNS	Her nostrils flared as if she was trying to catch those odors once again .
tr	NN	The transport had a problem , and Gustav was sent somewhere else .
tr	NN	Though far from dependable , the mass of mammals provide sturdy enough footing to allow the boy to advance forward .
tr	NNS	Tiny rainbows slid back and forth across their surfaces .
tr	NNS	Cadmus tried arguing with her for a few minutes before he realized that it was useless and he plunked the helm onto his head in resignation .
tr	NNS	The cookies had been her idea , but he 'd take the blame for all of it .
tr	NNS	Waves of sensation threatened to take her under as she watched him use his mouth on her .
tr	NN	The cape fell to the floor as his arms captured me , pulling me close .
tr	NN	Jacques was the only one who stood silently , one hip lazily resting against the wall , regarding Mikhail with a secret mocking half-smile .
tr	NN	Fresh adrenaline made it possible for her to scramble to her feet , despite the pain the movement caused her scraped and bruised body .
tr	NN	My grandmother made goats ' cheese as well . ' '
tr	NN	The singer checked the tuning of his guitar while the other guy moved from the keyboard and picked up the electric guitar .
tr	NNS	More Virgin Soldiers went missing .
tr	NN	My annoyance turned to blatant exasperation , and my need to save them was replaced only by my obligation to do so .
tr	NN	The squad crossed in a tight diamond formation , their hasty steps light enough to change course on command .
tr	NNS	" MORE MATTER WITH LESS ART ! "
tr	NN	" It has been a long first flight though , " the dragon continued , " I must feed and rest .
tr	NN	28 Addy was at Just Like Mom 's , tallying the receipts for the day when someone banged on the door .
tr	NN	The liquid sank into the land and was gone .
tr	NNS	The artists I care about , that 's what I 'm talking about .
tr	NNS	The two mental images didn 't quite match .
tr	NN	Life or death for Larry Durrant and every local TV network and newspaper , and some beyond , covering which way it 's going to swing .
tr	NN	Such a ludicrous posse to hunt a Giant !
tr	NN	The pretty young blonde looked right at her then , and even in the distance , Kira could see a flash of bright green in her eyes .
tr	NN	After a few hours a maid came and announced that dinner was ready .
tr	NN	" Your database on four-wheeled automotive propulsion is incomplete .
tr	NN	Her posture is menacing , and I feel myself shrink back even though I 'm sure she can 't see me .
tr	NN	The ferry had been underway for about twenty minutes .
tr	NNS	If anything , the individual tongues of fire were more compelling against the black than they had been against the white disco disaster .
tr	NNS	Our inner minds carried their memories after all .
tr	NNS	Her wrists had ugly chafe marks on them , but she was ready to disregard them since she had her hands back .
tr	NNS	Lights start switching on and fluids begin to flow .
tr	NN	This agent was a person who didn 't trust anyone .
tr	NN	In the background , the priest started to speak .
tr	NNS	The two old ladies stood there , exchanging glances and staring on at Henrietta and Brick .
tr	NN	The clown clapped his hands .
tr	NN	Part of that was her fault .
tr	NNS	The three ladies offered to work on dinner so they could be alone in the house kitchen with a couple of bottles of wine .
tr	NN	The tour schedule was jam-packed .
tr	NN	The fellow seemed completely familiar with the mailroom from his first day .
tr	NN	There 's a metallic glint to the left , and I draw my eyes up .
tr	NN	Thinking of James was always her downfall .
tr	NNS	My cousins Tony and Matt were sitting lazily on the couch playing video games while Al fired up the BBQ in the backyard .
tr	NN	Or , maybe my compulsion to succeed has driven me so far over the edge that I have plummeted further into the darkness .
tr	NN	" Where is the fellow , well ?
tr	NNS	No rats appeared to interfere .
tr	NN	Our route took us near the soup kitchen , and as we went by , the side door opened and Christopher appeared .
tr	NNS	Dunk 's piss began to flow again .
tr	NN	Once you are older than that , the ritual is no longer open to you .
tr	NNS	Many mages have inadvertently killed their pets in the past , so most mages don 't rely on them anymore as a power source .
tr	NN	The multitude of vehicles clogged the driveway and spilled out to the middle of the street .
tr	NN	There was also a garage attached to the house with all of Mistral 's cars .
tr	NN	Every major politician desired admittance beyond the glass doors .
tr	NNS	However , lies have a way of catching up and causing their own damage .
tr	NN	The radiation was eating his body from the inside , and his skin was growing more grey and wrinkled with each passing day .
tr	NN	A bullet slammed into as it opened , narrowly missing her head and forcing the door from her hand .
tr	NN	The vicar turned , smiled and held up a limp hand .
tr	NN	Dashing left while she goes right , Link waits for her signal before commencing any sort of offensive .
tr	NN	The priest frowned without knowing it , and a kind of pall of concern settled in over the features of his face .
tr	NN	The sedan lurched forward .
tr	NNS	The last two classes , you two couldn 't keep your eyes off of each other and then tonight you hardly know he 's alive . "
tr	NNS	" Things happen . "
tr	NNS	Several other couples followed their lead .
tr	NN	The rider suddenly burst into a sprint at him and struck with her sickles .
tr	NNS	The trench was deserted of men , only the rats remained .
tr	NNS	The fellas just left . "
tr	NN	The backyard looked melancholy in the late autumn , the foliage thinned out and the high fence depressingly obvious .
tr	NN	A giant specimen in the lead aimed its rock ballast directly at the gondola .
tr	NNS	Bugs lifted his hand to his chin like a great thinker contemplating a new discovery .
tr	NN	The equipment wasn 't the problem .
tr	NN	The meteorite extraction pit loomed before Tolland now , pulling him from his painful reverie .
tr	NN	Her passion and only hobby , which she allowed her to have was reading .
tr	NN	The fellow had calmed himself with the idea that it was too soon , but had sworn to see Judge Alistair dead .
tr	NN	A soft sob escaped my mouth .
tr	NNS	' The twins told me .
tr	NN	A tangled trio of aspens had fallen across from her side of the river , where the bank was much steeper and the ground more unstable .
tr	NN	His adrenaline was pumping ; he needed to take advantage of this energy rush .
tr	NN	Some exercise wouldn 't go astray , either .
tr	NNS	Trick 's pupils dilate , swallowing the beautiful pale green of his irises .
tr	NNS	Screams Argus pulling out his sword again .
tr	NN	The receptionist smiled , this time with great satisfaction , lifting her perfectly manicured hands to the keyboard before her .
tr	NN	" The highway used to lead to vacation spots on Lake Superior .
tr	NN	A two-week vacation , and those towns were like their resorts .
tr	NNS	" Bake sales and car washes don 't really work over here . "
tr	NN	He 's still holding my hand , the pager still pressed against my palm .
tr	NN	Now that the sheriff had ridden off , the deputy didn 't hide his annoyance with the task he had been given .
tr	NNS	The edges of her watch scraped roughly against her wrist .
tr	NN	A second later , a fang pierced the soft flesh of her earlobe above her pierced earring .
tr	NNS	Diggs finally ventured closer .
tr	NNS	" Your grandparents are the only other family you have , Meara .
tr	NN	A single , narrow artery reached away to lose itself in the far reaches of the mist .
tr	NN	" Who was that fellow ? "
tr	NN	My backyard is the opposite of the dusty Arizona streets and gravel lawns , across the yard is lush , green grass .
tr	NNS	Now all the responsibilities were on his shoulders and he shivered about her death and the thought of his new responsibilities .
tr	NNS	Lots of fighting between species , even within species , and Miguel decided that females should be sequestered .
tr	NN	A twenty foot pane of glass sat before it , pointing out from the conical edge of the ship .
tr	NN	From the start , the agenda was about how to turn down Rosemary Barr 's request in the most tactful way possible .
tr	NNS	Things were out of order in her mind .
tr	NN	" Your grandmother and I can 't help noticing that you spend a lot of evenings by yourself .
tr	NN	The guilt had always played in the back of her mind .
tr	NN	Elise , the Ancient who appeared to us warned us against it . "
tr	NNS	The surrounding swarms buzzed , but still did not approach us .
tr	NNS	There were footsteps behind him but he dared not look back .
tr	NN	The lace bra allowed more of her cleavage to show .
tr	NN	A stab of pain sliced through his gut at that idea .
tr	NN	He shook his head and thought , Project leader leaves babbling about his grandson saving some mermaids ?
tr	NN	" There is so much kindness in Him .
tr	NN	The island hunter didn 't miss a single shot with his bow .
tr	NNS	Then its petals morphed into the famous self-portrait of Van Gogh smoking a pipe .
tr	NN	Jazz hurt all over but didn 't complain about it .
tr	NN	The thrill of victory started to build deep in her core .
tr	NNS	Nicholas whispers , " Mom must be telling him , remember he said she could feel us , maybe she can hear us as well . "
tr	NN	" All on this earth know of you , " replied the ninja .
tr	NNS	Reyes turned another corner and barred cages came into view .
tr	NN	The clear pane set at eye level had gone dark .
tr	NNS	Words fail me , she thought , surprisingly blandly .
tr	NN	Her grandmother 's bumper crashed against the parking meter hard enough to jolt her forward .
tr	NN	A tremor in her voice , Victoria said , " They supply information to terrorists and now Alfred is their supplier .
tr	NN	The likes of Gary Cooper and David Niven would never have to endure this sort of humiliation in the movies , that was for sure .
tr	NN	Jase 's schedule is as busy as Mom 's .
tr	NNS	Individual raindrops sounded against their rusty tin roof .
tr	NNS	Maybe my first instincts had been right .
tr	NN	A third spider hit her .
tr	NN	My pulse quickened as I stared at her .
tr	NN	There 's still weakness , but with the flow returned to its normal course , natural healing should complete the process I 've jump-started .
tr	NNS	" The forests are green , and they stretch for miles and miles .
tr	NN	The day I started wearing the pregnancy pants I bought from Target , my baby bump showed up .
tr	NNS	" Of course , a lot of people live here , chances are somebody is doing something exciting . "
tr	NN	The goat was dead ahead .
tr	NN	The attack made the opponent go down , the referee stopped Karen , and sent her to a neutral corner .
tr	NN	Perhaps , like the medieval Church , science believes that it is too powerful to have to worry .
tr	NN	Besides , Paul Dunne 's cold aura gave Lacey the creeps .
tr	NNS	There are currents , changes in the greater sense of things .
tr	NN	A ping of jealousy pinches inside my chest .
tr	NN	The werewolf beside her , the dark-haired one , just grunted .
tr	NNS	Romulus snarled and smashed his head into the window .
tr	NNS	The stores are tiny cubes that are infinitely cloned .
tr	NN	Her whispered praise went through his body like a jolt of lightning .
tr	NN	The government had invaded her privacy before .
tr	NNS	of a rifle being fired and the wood exploded on the post not two inches from Kell 's head .
tr	NN	Even the inability to find his emotions was a curiosity .
tr	NN	His pen stabbed a hole in the legal pad .
tr	NN	" So the pilot just lost control of the plane ? "
tr	NNS	Incidentally , many ladies like a cloak with that .
tr	NNS	The shifters and sorcerers filed into the night , but Ethan stopped me with a hand .
tr	NN	Glancing at his watch , his perpetual scowl returned .
tr	NNS	Issuing commands was not Doug 's usual style .
tr	NN	The dwarf stared at me for several seconds before he lowered his gun and let go of my arm .
tr	NN	" Alright , tradition fulfilled .
tr	NNS	Trust funds for their upkeep , left to them by their loving owners , " Sir said .
tr	NNS	Those butterflies rioted , a rumble of nerves and excitement and an unknown thrill .
tr	NN	In sum , a deep hatred grew between us and the warriors .
tr	NN	" Kid , I said , get away from that animal , " the first hunter ordered .
tr	NN	Evan 's surfer baritone made the insult sound strangely friendly .
tr	NN	The emergency landing must have rattled his brain .
tr	NNS	Gramps has no air .
tr	NN	The government hides the existence of gravity ! "
tr	NNS	Forced blooms glowed with fresh spring colors in gilded pots .
tr	NNS	His thumbs would brush over her breasts and then down to her waist .
tr	NNS	" Lights came back on last night .
tr	NN	" No , " her grandmother said .
tr	NNS	Her pupils began to shrink to tiny pinpoints , drawing Claire deeper into the peculiar spell of the girl 's eyes .
tr	NNS	Maks turned away and watched the fire crackle as cloth turned to ash .
tr	NN	" How 's your hunger ? "
tr	NNS	Eventually , the apprentices returned and sat down with them .
tr	NN	The gleam in her eyes when she was exposed to violence was a recognizable one .
tr	NN	His mane blew in the wind .
tr	NN	The roar of the crowd doubled and both men bowed in her direction .
tr	NN	The clown watched her go , a red smile extending across his white face .
tr	NNS	Reyes hadn 't found a depiction of who they did answer to , though .
tr	NN	The porcelain was calling me .
tr	NN	No , revenge meant something Biblical like an eye for an eye .
tr	NNS	Heavy drapes , closed tightly over the windows , made the cabin itself seem dark and empty .
tr	NN	Poison doubled back and got right in the bouncer ' s face .
tr	NNS	Heavy , metal footsteps approached Johannes from behind .
tr	NN	The knight smiled at him absently .
tr	NN	A young Sibyl in a hooded red robe stood in front of me , a smile on her face .
tr	NN	Jack 's art was hauntingly beautiful .
tr	NNS	The flood gates broke .
tr	NNS	All the bad vibes from this woman made Charmaine feel claustrophobic , as though her usually pleasant home office was stuffed with greasy smog .
tr	NN	" The theory was that nobles have other obligations - raising and supporting troops and so on .
tr	NNS	The images all blurred , and there was a flash , a quick glimpse .
tr	NNS	Others munched on snacks .
tr	NNS	Already its leaders were planning another assault .
tr	NN	The tap on her leg combined with the burning sensation in her lungs served to pull her from the beautiful fantasy world daydream .
tr	NNS	The mental images crashing through her mind made her legs tremble so badly that she was forced to drop into the closest chair .
tr	NN	The tube had a cornucopia shaped contraption attached to its other end .
tr	NNS	Looks like he goes there every day .
tr	NN	The constable remained in the hall , staring at the body , his pasty face shiny with sweat .
tr	NNS	What were the chances of their business catering an event he was attending ?
tr	NNS	The whores would be coming , but when they saw their queen crucified , they would retreat , knowing that I was a greater power than them .
tr	NN	Its beam width , across the stern , was forty-seven feet .
tr	NNS	Soldiers laughed again as Dom continued .
tr	NNS	High ceilings , oversized fireplace , sofas , and armchairs .
tr	NNS	Chapter Five Over the course of the next four hours , there were nine tests and three doctors .
tr	NN	If you put all these reports together there 's real passion for a cause . '
tr	NN	But her new Master had other ideas .
tr	NN	The voodoo won 't work . "
tr	NN	The dragon watched us with eyes full of intelligence and cunning , evaluating us , studying us .
tr	NN	As each second ticked on , their passion grew fiercer .
tr	NN	The cockpit was completely silent aside from the humming of the ship 's engines and the miscellaneous beeping of electronics .
tr	NNS	My captives stirred themselves and sat up straighter .
tr	NN	The main goal is still the same and what is that ? "
tr	NNS	His followers were the same .
tr	NNS	There were a few murmurs from different listeners .
tr	NN	A mechanism of slate platforms sat on tricky gears carved out of some kind of strong , whitish material .
tr	NNS	Things that did not go right , things that seemed okay at the time because we could not see the future .
tr	NNS	In the long silence that follows , soft splashes sound below .
tr	NN	If not , the contract is at-will and you can be fired at any time .
tr	NN	The majority of the callers were powerful telepaths from areas as far as Portland , Oregon wanting help in controlling the side-effects of their abilities .
tr	NNS	The studios had their own means of distribution .
tr	NN	Your little minion isn 't coming back .
tr	NN	" There 's a reward at each end of a trip like this .
tr	NNS	The edges of my vision darkened .
tr	NNS	" Things that are worth nothing are easy to come by . "
tr	NNS	Staring into my eyes , his pupils grow larger and smaller .
tr	NNS	Images flashed into Sarah 's mind .
tr	NNS	And anyway , their chances of being allowed to go to New York had disappeared .
tr	NNS	There were still too many risks .
tr	NN	" Yes , my teacher called Helen .
tr	NNS	Two coffees please over here , we 're freezing and we need a hot drink ! "
tr	NNS	" And no strenuous movement .
tr	NN	Another tray with drinks , jam , and butter was already on the desk .
tr	NN	But this map is very straightforward , nothing special except those unreadable symbols .
tr	NN	The colonel smacked his lips .
tr	NN	The cowboy then picked up the daguerreotype and blew the ash from its surface .
tr	NNS	Words of heat and wrath built like fire in her throat .
tr	NNS	Or my antics in and out of the training rooms had made me a legend in my own right .
tr	NN	The tail swung into the wall again .
tr	NNS	Waves of desire beat at her .
tr	NNS	As he spoke , he opened his wallet , took out his identification cards , credit cards , everything with an M.D. on it .
tr	NNS	Do half-breed shifters ever have different gifts ?
tr	NN	A moment later it stopped at level seven , a gentle ping followed by the doors swiftly opening .
tr	NN	" Don 't let her see this stuff , " came the command .
tr	NN	" Melinda 's birthday was just a ruse to get us all here and show the thing off , don 't you think ? "
tr	NN	There was an outdoor fire pit and the steam coming off the hot tub promised to be perfect .
tr	NNS	The cameras worked perfectly .
tr	NNS	Chapter 11 The world around the suited man seemed to blur , edges softened and movements speed up .
tr	NN	The plow operator pointed toward Jason and I .
tr	NNS	Howling creatures emerged from the night to join them .
tr	NNS	The witnesses called the slave many things : demon , ghost , and evil spirit .
tr	NNS	The tunnels were dank , dark .
tr	NNS	The blonde one Todd had dated for three months ; the dirty blonde had only required three shooters .
tr	NN	" In fact , from what I gathered there was definitely an undertone of tension between Lillian and her sister . "
tr	NN	' Where 's her lingerie ?
tr	NN	Speak of the devil , here he comes now . "
tr	NN	The slides stilled in his hands .
tr	NN	My master caused Miriam to manifest in the real world by giving her his energy .
tr	NN	The Link was as thin and weak as the sound of a single violin from a high tower .
tr	NN	she screamed , her body shaking beneath the robe , the first movement Tick had seen in several minutes .
tr	NNS	" The possibilities are endless .
tr	NNS	There were plays that we wanted to see , but they were too expensive .
tr	NN	My laptop was already charging in a little docking station next to my seat .
tr	NNS	He wanted to sleep with her , no strings attached , while he was on the campaign and too busy for anything else .
tr	NN	His momentum enabled him to tumble out the window .
tr	NN	Looking at the picture as a whole , there was no mistaking what she was doing .
tr	NNS	The figures lined up and wobbled back into the clock .
tr	NN	The militia squad wouldn 't be a problem but I wanted to be fully alert .
tr	NNS	There are mothers and fathers who have no choice but to accept the arrangement .
tr	NN	The coroner testified that Rayburn 's head trauma also occurred before he died .
tr	NNS	" The pirates have a Knight Flora with them .
tr	NN	The master circuit paused politely as Jack struggled to get the long tip of the soldering gun past the layers of wiring .
tr	NN	The bait carried away on the current , having drawn no interest whatsoever .
tr	NNS	Blood alcohol levels were sky-high " , he rolls his eyes slightly , as if to say it was only to be expected .
tr	NN	Another canoe came by .
tr	NNS	And his brands stood out clear and triumphant on her forearms .
tr	NN	The tip of his nose brushed hers .
tr	NN	The lightning struck again in the distance .
tr	NNS	There are limits to language , though , and twenty-five years of almost continual rain will exhaust almost anybody 's vocabulary .
tr	NN	His reflection , after all , was only two dimensional .
tr	NN	A sudden premonition sizzled through Lillian .
tr	NN	A wooden bookcase filled the entire wall at the end of the hall .
tr	NN	The priest was young and balding , tall and thin with cheeks as soft as a child 's .
tr	NN	The feather is in several pieces , the delicate brooch is shattered , the metal remnants bent and torn .
tr	NNS	Others started to leave while others did a few other TV interviews before things started to whine down .
tr	NN	If one had nearly made her mad with grief , what repercussions would the second exchange bring ?
tr	NN	A teacher , Ms. Suarez , prepares an announcement .
tr	NNS	Things were clear once again .
tr	NN	The diamond glint in her eyes could have cut glass .
tr	NNS	Reyes knew how to square his shoulders and give a show .
tr	NNS	" Princess , mercenaries are my people , and you don 't see me spending that much time with them .
tr	NN	There was an invisible aura of authority and importance about her .
tr	NNS	Besides their obvious anger , admirable drive , and extensive reach , the gang 's very actions were maddening .
tr	NN	The nervous tech stepped away from the forklift .
tr	NNS	And her tightness , and my thickness , made it so each drag in and out held a little slice of torture .
tr	NN	The polished tin can concede no more than its own shine -- burn it and watch the difference : - That 's as it stands .
tr	NN	The baron noticed this and whispered to him : " She was Miss Universe once , you know . "
tr	NNS	The Club members , thankfully , consider it unsportsmanlike to go after such easy acquisitions . "
tr	NNS	At Mesa College , where I studied theatre , the nuances of this land evolved into multiple stories mirroring our own world .
tr	NN	His T-shirt had a Mexican sugar skull screen-printed across the front , and she found herself staring into its hollow eyes .
tr	NN	The rumbling of the car 's idling engine muffled the words , but there was no mistaking that Dennis ' name had been called .
tr	NN	The knight suddenly appeared , demanding Sir Galahad fight him for it , when Sir Galahad won the mysterious knight disappeared , leaving the shield behind him .
tr	NN	" How 'd that video turn out ? "
tr	NNS	While businesses struggled to begin again ; thousands even committed suicide as an expression of their shame and hopelessness , for years to come .
tr	NN	The rant released a lot of built up tension .
tr	NNS	Stacks of tiles at intervals held up the floor and blocked most of my view .
tr	NN	A Northland dragon couldn 't help but screech a little when hit in the ass with lightning .
tr	NN	How long could the tour take ?
tr	NN	The author uses this fictional narrative as a platform to express various concepts ; some lost and some yet to be found .
tr	NNS	Seems to me all those beefy guys downstairs could easily overpower small search parties . "
tr	NNS	" The gates of sexual ecstasy .
tr	NNS	Folks in town are real proud of all that horror stuff you 've been writing .
tr	NNS	But then goblins don 't have to shave , and in that , his body had taken after that half of his heritage .
tr	NNS	The fans were always enthusiastic .
tr	NN	The cord seems to have been carefully estimated to allow the body to bob in and out of the water in temporary concert with the tide .
tr	NN	" Child 's play for you ! "
tr	NN	The gray core was forming some kind of a tunnel .
tr	NN	The scar on my shoulder began to prickle , as if it were waking up .
tr	NN	The sergeant was becoming a real pain in my nether regions .
tr	NNS	" The suns will rise soon . "
tr	NNS	The warriors were jumping in front of him , trying to knock him down .
tr	NN	The leader of the bunch said .
tr	NN	A dart , he saw , the kind shot by a tranquilizer gun .
tr	NNS	Screams and curses assaulted her ears .
tr	NNS	Others in the park had searched , too , and soon the police and my mother had shown up .
tr	NN	The useless hunk of brown scrap metal , laid lifeless on its side , as the mother struggled to restart its engine .
tr	NN	The accent was more New York than Michigan , lacking the intermingling of Canadian and Irish that was heard in the Upper Peninsula .
tr	NN	Obviously Kennedy 's oldest had picked up more than Grace had realized .
tr	NNS	The three patrons sitting by the long chrome counter immediately swiveled their heads in the direction of the booth .
tr	NNS	The strings moved and whined under her hand .
tr	NN	His robe was soiled , and I felt ashamed I hadn 't let him use the bathroom properly since Vermont .
tr	NNS	The strands of the popular pop song reached my ears before I even fully opened the door to the theater .
tr	NN	" Who 's your GP ? "
tr	NNS	The vibes of excitement and giddiness were still rolling off her , and I felt guilty once again for not being the daughter I could have been .
tr	NNS	As the warriors beat their weapons upon the ground and continued to call out her name .
tr	NN	But simple honesty always broke down his barriers .
tr	NNS	The twins were so engrossed in their argument that they failed to notice her entrance , which she found quite disrespectful .
tr	NN	Her twin caught her arm and dug her nails into her skin .
tr	NNS	The board members looked up at him expectantly .
tr	NNS	Girls are a lot of fun to be around .
tr	NNS	His movements were predatory , cautious .
tr	NNS	The pigs will be crawling all over Cheshire , and everyone with a sheet will get pulled in . "
tr	NN	During my senior year , my rebellion reached a high point .
tr	NNS	The cliffs to their left were the same red as the ground , but in places darker rocks were peeking through .
tr	NN	The infection 's getting worse , not better .
tr	NNS	And the drums grew louder .
tr	NN	As unfair as it may seem , a legal adult has the freedom to suddenly leave home and start a new life .
tr	NN	But the gentry aren 't our people .
tr	NNS	Their minds are on other things . "
tr	NNS	Things are just that , things .
tr	NNS	There were also several variations of the nativity and statues of angels in various postures .
tr	NN	The barber managed a final word before he fell in a pile of meat and skin . "
tr	NNS	" There are plenty more rug rats here . "
tr	NN	A straw pot reposed on one side of the room , filled with long peacock feathers .
tr	NNS	I much prefer to know what I 'm supposed to be doing from one day to the next , no strings attached . "
tr	NNS	" Others will come after us .
tr	NNS	The primal instincts that had driven him to seek Annabelle for pleasure sharpened into something dark and deadly .
tr	NNS	" The cookies last week , hiding my data pad yesterday , and now this ?
tr	NNS	Small appliances did not like too much , at the mercy of the currents .
tr	NN	the Castellano pack leader shouted hoarsely .
tr	NN	A blush covered her cheeks .
tr	NN	The sweater lay on the carpet .
tr	NN	Eric 's leopard was on her , his Collar shining in the moonlight , his big paws pinning her down .
tr	NNS	The footsteps were heading away from us .
tr	NNS	The dead hollow lay just feet away , its tentacles splayed like starfish arms from beneath the boulder that had crushed it .
tr	NN	But warm liquid ran down my hands , and began to soak into my sleeves .
tr	NN	The Dad command seemed auto matic .
tr	NN	Sometimes the blunt term fits the bill best .
tr	NN	The usual stab of loss and guilt pierced my heart , overpowering everything else .
tr	NNS	There were several newly married couples , and strangers I had never seen before .
tr	NNS	Electric batteries could not power an aircraft -- everyone knew that .
tr	NN	The scout leader scoffed .
tr	NN	There was no red carpet filling the distance between the carriage and the hotel entrance , but that didn 't lessen the atmosphere outside .
tr	NN	Her first inclination was to take the outside , but he was far better with weapons , and she was smaller .
tr	NNS	" Others who are more thoughtful make it a pleasant experience . "
tr	NNS	" Your actions have created an untenable position for us . "
tr	NNS	" Things look like they are out of control down here .
tr	NNS	All their uniforms looked alike . "
tr	NNS	All the bridesmaids wore a slightly different style dress , but they were all the same color .
tr	NNS	Even our flashlights don 't push away much of the darkness .
tr	NNS	In fact , her credentials were impressive .
tr	NN	The priest rode his horse back up to Siri 's window .
tr	NN	The concept of the helpful spirit being is believed to have originated with the totem animal guides of the shamans .
tr	NNS	The media called it the Saint Valentine 's Day Massacre Part II even though it happened in the late fall .
tr	NNS	As the Sultana changed her course , the pirates on deck hurried to obey their captain , adjusting the sails so they would catch the wind .
tr	NNS	Screams and wails replaced the happy chatter .
tr	NNS	The edges of my mouth curve into a smile .
tr	NN	The trick is to separate the lenders from the pretenders . "
tr	NNS	His movements became slightly more measured ; I could feel him regaining awareness of the world around him .
tr	NNS	The levers are for switching some of our systems over to manual control .
tr	NN	" Something grandmother taught me .
tr	NNS	Not all the creatures were horrible .
tr	NN	The sergeant fought like a berserker , but it wouldn 't be enough .
tr	NN	The coin was rolling in as word spread of the quicker , more efficient means of getting about town .
tr	NNS	She swayed as the image of the crater in the middle of the city filled her memory , the mushroom cloud of destruction the invaders had caused .
tr	NNS	A second later , several very powerful , very intrusive minds entered mine and my thoughts became displaced and chaotic .
tr	NN	A Celtic crucifix stuck to the old refrigerator .
tr	NNS	The repairs that Han 's had in mind would require hundreds of new poles and weeks of work from every man in the village .
tr	NN	" Perhaps we can discuss this in a quieter location , " the commander said .
tr	NNS	The car shudders and lurches before it stalls .
tr	NN	That theory had to have legs that you could walk into the prosecutor 's office .
tr	NN	His accent is different .
tr	NNS	Marius flew back ten feet and landed hard on his shoulder .
tr	NN	However , Part 2 was a different story .
tr	NN	" Who 's pretending ? "
tr	NN	The passage leading underground was dark , but Nolan 's own body lit the way for him .
tr	NN	" There 's nothing sexier than a woman who knows what she wants , love . "
tr	NNS	The chains were cutting into her wrist and the rats ran across her while she tried to sleep . "
tr	NN	The carpet was red and didn 't look dingy in the least .
tr	NNS	The sound of another 's footsteps startled her .
tr	NNS	If this thing breaks ... Mike 's shouts echoed in the air .
tr	NN	" So all your old equipment made it , too . "
tr	NN	" The blog said she came to stay there at a place called Angel 's , " the captain said .
tr	NNS	Both species were dominant .
tr	NNS	Maybe old lovers can do the same thing . "
tr	NNS	America 's voting age toddlers will swallow any euphemism in exchange for a bribe .
tr	NN	The torso was also female , but much younger looking , judging by the shape , very slender frame and youthful , wrinkle-free skin .
tr	NN	Not that normal cushy prison where all you had to worry about was rape , oh no .
tr	NN	There was a red aura rising from his back , and I realized that it must be demon wings .
tr	NN	My grandmother always said good hands were the mark of a good horseman . "
tr	NNS	Good thing Jacqueline wasn 't there to hear it .
tr	NN	Your development has stopped as it would naturally around this age as wolf .
tr	NN	" Male model , my ass , " she muttered , though a part of her wasn 't surprised to see he was in the Navy .
tr	NNS	There are thousands of them , and I just don 't know where to start .
tr	NN	Chance was on her floor .
tr	NNS	The servants set only one chair at the table .
tr	NNS	All the boards spring apart at once and fall on the ground around me .
tr	NNS	" Two joys of navy life , " Mary muttered disparagingly .
tr	NNS	His scales were a glossy gray , like smoked , polished glass .
tr	NNS	The footsteps of my soldiers sounded behind me , their boots crunching in the gravel .
tr	NNS	Also there are seven different water races .
tr	NN	The receptionist glared at him for a moment .
tr	NN	The only scar remaining was a small pink slash along her jawline .
tr	NN	" Acting ... Captain , " said the elderly fellow who emerged after her .
tr	NN	The liquid felt wonderfully cool and bracing in the morning air .
tr	NN	The white van was now about six cars in front .
tr	NN	The new operator , dazed with surprise , fought for control .
tr	NNS	Hephaestus and Eros sit in the middle of the hallway several rooms down , close enough that they must have heard everything .
tr	NNS	The actual sleeping quarters were on the second and third floors .
tr	NNS	His colleagues nodded , staring at the fading ripples .
tr	NN	After a moment , without a glance at either of us , the sergeant followed her .
tr	NNS	His movements were restrained , but I could tell he wanted to get rid of the fabric between us just as much as I did .
tr	NNS	His tender ministrations made her moan .
tr	NNS	Others were such things as we also think lasting : crystals , rivers , mountains , or even stars .
tr	NN	" Does his lordship wish to have any refreshments before entering ? "
tr	NNS	The headaches that precede the main symptoms , which can drive you crazy on their own , are powerful .
tr	NN	Gaea 's icon blinked in the center of the right map .
tr	NNS	The sirens were very close now ; through the windows they saw an ambulance back into the slot .
tr	NNS	Two Freaks tried to run , which unnerved me .
tr	NNS	Both boxers knew that , they both knew that the next round could be the last one .
tr	NNS	Things went smoothly as they climbed up out of the Salmon Canyon heading toward the high plateau that held New Meadows .
tr	NN	The sheriff raised his head and took a look at the man illuminated in the beam of the flashlight .
tr	NNS	The early sun braces the attentions just as the crisp air , I dare say , wouldn 't you agree ? "
tr	NNS	But the footsteps beat out a different tune .
tr	NN	The gravel crunched beneath my feet as Jared walked me up the steps to the front door .
tr	NN	the maid asked , suddenly wary .
tr	NN	The van was once again above me but the hole was not lined up with the manhole .
tr	NNS	The fans went nuts .
tr	NNS	Alexis slowly took the stand .
tr	NN	Her optimism was infectious .
tr	NNS	There are too many risks and complications that go with sleeping around to do it very often . "
tr	NN	A terrible gut-wrenching shriek from behind her followed by a muffled thud shattered her peace and brought her senses sharply back into focus .
tr	NN	The cougar took notice , but didn 't slow its advance .
tr	NN	That option surprisingly makes me sick to my stomach too .
tr	NN	Another creak rang out .
tr	NNS	There were paintings -- physical paintings -- on one side of the room now , and living plants .
tr	NN	The attorney knew a pay-off when she heard one and this was a textbook performance .
tr	NNS	Things will work out .
tr	NN	Obviously , her explanation didn 't do the trick because the anger in his eyes didn 't ease .
tr	NNS	After a sip of wine , the countess nodded .
tr	NN	The value had continued to climb .
tr	NN	" What is this psycho talking about ? "
tr	NN	The book 's creator asked : " Do you want to send Selena into the Endless Cycle ?
tr	NN	Devon 's head snapped up , a low growl escaped him as Julian launched to his feet , finally managing to stay on them .
tr	NNS	The cloaked figures had surrounded us on every side .
tr	NNS	My credits are in place and my storyline on Ranger will get extended .
tr	NN	Now , " the policeman screamed .
tr	NNS	Even her grandparents were dancing !
tr	NN	My pulse played loudly in my ears and sheer panic was beginning to wash over me .
tr	NN	After all , common wisdom says opposites attract , no ? "
tr	NNS	Looks like we 're going to have to pick a direction and hope there 's a way by . "
tr	NN	Probably because Eddie made it a habit to cheat on Olivia .
tr	NNS	Directly across the table from him , the countess righted her goblet .
tr	NNS	Looks like he 's still there . '
tr	NNS	The images in her mind were darker and more evil than I had given her credit for .
tr	NNS	Sadness filled my heart .
tr	NNS	Things were bad enough between them , so she offered her sister the only excuse she could think of .
tr	NN	And the bronze on his face made his sapphire eyes more noticeable .
tr	NNS	The disorder can be so extreme , physical appearances can actually change .
tr	NN	The lace on the bodice and along the neckline was finely detailed : every stitch stood out .
tr	NNS	The strings cut into my hips , but I didn 't even really notice .
tr	NNS	It was quiet under the water , the creatures around came to say hello or avoided me in general .
tr	NN	" Ack , your tie is off .
tr	NNS	After what felt like an eternity , his sobs eased to gentle crying , and then those eased as well .
tr	NN	Of the five creatures that strolled past only one even acknowledged its existence .
tr	NN	But the young blonde behind the desk seemed too preoccupied to complain .
tr	NNS	By two , the power lunches were losing steam , and the crowd thinned .
tr	NNS	There are some trails that lead to a lake .
tr	NNS	" It is I who must thank you , " the countess said .
tr	NN	The notion of picking up the phone didn 't instill in him the urge to run .
tr	NN	Gone was the perky , pleasant host who had welcomed him and Theresa into her home several nights ago .
tr	NNS	Things seemed at once confused and frighteningly clear .
tr	NNS	The meetings were becoming routine .
tr	NN	The sentence is death . "
tr	NNS	" Then there are the apples . "
tr	NNS	" And how many deaths is that word worth ?
tr	NN	The captain was nervous and after a pause cleared his throat .
tr	NN	The unexpected bonus had been the ricochet through the grapevine that a major incident may possibly have been inadvertently avoided in the very same Mosque .
tr	NNS	However , his wolves wouldn 't approach .
tr	NN	His torso had reminded him of a police morgue photo .
tr	NNS	My priorities can 't be right , because a petty involuntary complaint creeps in : the Doctor gave me this shirt .
tr	NN	The dean from your university is trying to call you . "
tr	NN	His h * ps began to pump upward as she used both hands to stroke him off .
tr	NN	A van that had been driving down the street abruptly veered into the parking lot .
tr	NN	The pencil between the general 's fingers snapped in his fingers , one end sailing toward Lily , the other still in his hand .
tr	NNS	" Then where are the dinosaurs ? "
tr	NN	As usual , the idiot didn 't answer .
tr	NNS	" Iraqi civilian reports an IED ahead . "
tr	NNS	Images started to blaze past his mind 's eye , images he had never seen in his vilest nightmares -- shrieks and wails rising unrelentingly like banshees .
tr	NNS	The bars shook as he hit them with what I guessed were his fists .
tr	NNS	Often found as the recreation areas of military personnel .
tr	NN	" That man 's career was too ' important ' for the bastard to make time for your wedding .
tr	NNS	" Things you don 't want to happen will , and you 'll have to be a part of it .
tr	NN	My dearest Love , How happy I am to read your letter .
tr	NN	Part of her in a Realm in which Lumina was a young researcher , fascinated by an Outsider .
tr	NN	Pete 's principal sure was angry when he called me out of my meeting .
tr	NNS	The afternoon winds usually blew strongly uphill from the west , which would fan the flames quickly .
tr	NNS	Looks like I wasn 't the only one losing it .
tr	NN	At the same time , her father 's roar of anguish filled the air .
tr	NN	His demand was very much like the one he made on her when he unleashed the psychic power that allowed him dangerous glimpses into the past .
tr	NN	The pub was mostly full .
tr	NN	Sean 's rocking becomes rhythmic .
tr	NN	His initial analysis hadn 't turned up anything of interest , but that didn 't mean that nothing was there .
tr	NNS	The dancers were sitting on the floor , contorted in positions that were natural to them , but wretched to anyone else .
tr	NNS	Images of petite and beautiful Lola popped into her mind and she pushed them aside .
tr	NN	The short stroll triggered a thought .
tr	NNS	Nerves pranced in her stomach like one of her four-legged patients .
tr	NNS	" Things have been a little weird around here the last couple of days and I just want some answers .
tr	NNS	The three siblings drank and caught up , sharing with each other what was going on in their personal lives .
tr	NNS	" Things are gon na change around here pretty quick . "
tr	NNS	All the possibilities spewed out of her in rapid fire .
tr	NNS	Crime scene technicians poured over the walls and the carpets .
tr	NN	That familiar cramp started rolling its way up my neck .
tr	NN	" Not that we are aware of , " answered the secretary , " but anything is possible .
tr	NN	His posture had changed from offense to an emotionally still fixed position .
tr	NNS	The same consequences applied .
tr	NN	The whole concept was going to blow Dexter 's mind .
tr	NN	" The machine 's internal software will render a cross section of the glacier and then print it out .
tr	NN	Its alluring sensuality was magnetic .
tr	NN	At the desk the concierge frantically mashed buttons on a phone .
tr	NNS	The shots stopped when the glass behind the sniper shattered .
tr	NN	But the highway always stays ahead of me , and there is always another mile marker , and I fear that I am thinking too hard .
tr	NN	" A neighbor found our wagon just a few miles from our cabin . "
tr	NN	But their service contract is useless because they sank into the sea . "
tr	NNS	The girl 's pigtails bounced as she nodded .
tr	NNS	Normally two or three technicians manned this hub , and when an operation was in full swing , there could be twice that number .
tr	NN	The creep must have slipped something into her Dr. Pepper .
tr	NNS	Her actions were so out of character when viewed in retrospect from a few hours ago .
tr	NNS	A few drops of rain hit me in the eye , and I wiped them away with my hand .
tr	NNS	If he remembered correctly , the kitchens opened onto the vegetable garden on the side .
tr	NNS	Even their mothers had been friends , since they 'd all grown up in the small town .
tr	NN	My arrival is more of a blessing than you can possibly understand .
tr	NNS	A few inches taller than her , I bent like a reed in her grip .
tr	NN	His mate , standing nearby , was nervously eying him up .
tr	NNS	Whether innocents needed saving or not .
tr	NN	" The icon of the bitcoin is a golden B , right , as in Bellagio ? "
tr	NN	The cord parted at the touch of the steel .
tr	NNS	There were more fantastical paintings , most of them of night scenes and schooners or great ships sailing .
tr	NN	My top aid is on his way here with my legal team .
tr	NN	Thinking of Dan brought the memory of her dream back to her .
tr	NNS	" Where are my daggers ? "
tr	NNS	The authorities in charge had all the legal right in the world .
tr	NN	A middle-aged folk singer -- a local favorite -- was setting up his modest amplifier and speakers on a platform where the ticket counter used to be .
tr	NNS	" There are cookies ? "
tr	NNS	Aren 't fathers supposed to be jealous ?
tr	NNS	Lights lit up all over the grid as the connections slammed into place .
tr	NNS	The dwarves danced around in celebration .
tr	NN	" Why has village football become so popular ? "
tr	NN	My perception of this dance was apparently dead wrong .
tr	NNS	The Antarctic winds are fierce .
tr	NNS	The figures below dared not to move an inch .
tr	NN	" Okay , I 'll send him in , " the receptionist said .
tr	NN	There was absolute chaos in the commercial enclave on the beach .
tr	NN	There was a soft , unmistakable click .
tr	NN	The sheriff spoke next .
tr	NN	Love glanced down at the bin next to Derek Butterfield 's desk .
tr	NN	But among a park full of wild animals , even that best scenario was not without its dangers .
tr	NN	The sun shone in brilliance and Kara covered her eyes .
tr	NNS	All immortals were threats .
tr	NNS	Breckenridge 's fans went crazy as the buzzer sounded first point .
tr	NNS	Half the seats were empty , a sure sign that it was not a normal Saturday .
tr	NN	Chance realized that she 'd turned on every light in the place .
tr	NN	The captain pushed open the door to what Nita expected to be the grandest room on the ship .
tr	NNS	" Oh right , my apologies , " Audrey said .
tr	NN	The bike is fine .
tr	NNS	All funerals are alike , right ?
tr	NNS	And our targets will be ? "
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared as he pulled in the scents around him .
tr	NN	And so this short-lived fellowship parted ways , with much less resignation than one might expect at such a parting .
tr	NNS	How many beatings had he taken that hadn 't required a hospital ?
tr	NN	" Fine , " the attorney said , folding the contract and placing it in his brief case .
tr	NN	Her meddling had real consequences now .
tr	NN	Wrapping his arms around me , his weeping overpowered mine .
tr	NN	There was a soft click after the fifth ring .
tr	NN	The two lane highway snaked through lush growth of palmetto and swamp willow .
tr	NNS	Proper studios have thirty-two or more .
tr	NN	The black haze appeared out of nowhere and devoured me .
tr	NN	Kids smoking pot the papers suggested .
tr	NN	Moments later the frog chorus ceased and we walked in silence again .
tr	NN	The firelight danced on the glowing tents behind them as the clan silently ate the roasted game .
tr	NNS	Things were beginning to feel surreal to him .
tr	NN	Morning brought spots of sunshine and chilly gusts of wind pressing against the battered trailer .
tr	NNS	Words pour from my lips .
tr	NN	Nor a neighbor for I had never seen any children around except for the boy at the goat farm my mother was on her way to .
tr	NN	While the stones did seem to be volcanic , no mortar glued them together .
tr	NN	The sheriff shook each of the three boys hands , and wished them luck .
tr	NNS	Reyes began the long journey back because pleasure rode his thighs , his abdomen , and his cock .
tr	NN	The headstone was clean and simple .
tr	NN	The sneering made me uneasy .
tr	NNS	The twins burst out laughing at the announcement , and Jake grinned widely , but Nicole closed her eyes and wished herself anywhere but there .
tr	NN	So , twice a year , Mountain Song treks to the Mount of Olives to dig up the prayers of the people .
tr	NN	The doorknob clicked as someone tried to open it .
tr	NNS	The relatives and friends have been busy with their colloquial talks , yet their eyes clearly focussed on me .
tr	NN	My balance was back .
tr	NNS	All my cousins crowded in with us , and James , my big brother , pulled the curtain shut .
tr	NN	Such a stern place it was , a sturdy stool in the corner , the top darkened and smoothed from years and years of use .
tr	NNS	' The servants would have been clean , but lice lived in the seams and hems of clothes . '
tr	NNS	My sobs , when they tear free , wrack me from head to toe .
tr	NN	The wraith began to shriek , an unearthly wail that reverberated throughout the house .
tr	NNS	Others believed he may have been bouncing ideas of an unknown advisor .
tr	NNS	The different strains of people , telling their different historical memories , could only make such stories mix in a paradise setting .
tr	NNS	Waves of determination and intensity radiate from him .
tr	NNS	Find a room and report back to the courtyard in five minutes , " the Master Guns commanded .
tr	NN	Its survival instinct was incredibly strong .
tr	NNS	But then , drugs were so prevalent these days at every level of society .
tr	NNS	Elias followed his movements .
tr	NN	With the heat an under stench of rotted and decaying vegetation wafted on the still air .
tr	NNS	Then his pupils dilated at the sweet scent rushing into his being .
tr	NNS	" Classes begin tomorrow ? "
tr	NNS	Diggs came in with coffee and a sandwich , and took his customary seat on the edge of my desk .
tr	NN	His uncle cuts in before he has the chance to elaborate .
tr	NN	The captain was in Barney 's living room , where he 'd been spending much of his time , fascinated by this thing called " television . "
tr	NNS	" Move faster , the wolves just killed the vampires !
tr	NN	The valet stopped short and gaped .
tr	NN	There wasn 't even a television or refrigerator . "
tr	NN	A red haze stopped rational brain function and she pressed the bell again , holding it down for maximum annoyance .
tr	NNS	The smaller Youth League members scattered about them , crying .
tr	NNS	Her contacts would be helpful to Skyler .
tr	NN	The vehicle 's siren gave a short whoop before the blue strobes lit up , bathing the alleyway in pulsating light .
tr	NNS	Animals began to cry out .
tr	NN	There was no accounting for taste .
tr	NN	" So how was the big gift exchange ? "
tr	NN	Another birthday without you , more fake smiles to hand out .
tr	NN	A crash comes out of nowhere , a sound not of water but of something solid rending , splitting , falling , followed by shrill screaming .
tr	NNS	Reyes never removed his lethal attention from Sabin .
tr	NNS	The servants claim to have heard the two arguing and then a single gunshot .
tr	NNS	In fact , most prostitutes have that quality .
tr	NN	More than that , the rope had loosened on account of Kim 's hard work .
tr	NN	The beautifully carved wooden cane he is holding might even have real diamonds set into the tip .
tr	NN	My neighbor , " she gestured toward Mrs. G , " called me because my dogs were barking .
tr	NNS	My sources , such as they are around here , say that his services don 't come cheap .
tr	NNS	Numerous pairs of yellow eyes reflected back at them .
tr	NN	The leader arrives after the rest of the group has congregated on the ledge , parting them to look down upon his prey .
tr	NN	The clatter of wood being dumped into the wood box banished from her mind all thoughts of ball gowns dusted with diamonds .
tr	NNS	The three woman creatures floated out of the room .
tr	NNS	The symptoms of the virus include , rapid heart rate , hallucinations , severe headache , vomiting and death .
tr	NN	The session was mostly due to Dexter 's paranoia .
tr	NNS	In attendance up there too were a few senior members from Arjuna 's playing past .
tr	NNS	Dark images were racing faster and faster toward her , swerving at the last minute to avoid colliding with her body .
tr	NNS	Only a few apartments had their bags ready and half of the ones who didn 't weren 't even awake .
tr	NN	" The description and the age fit . "
tr	NNS	The gates are out of alignment .
tr	NN	The reflection of miniaturized light plays tricks .
tr	NN	His nausea had faded to a faint echo of itself .
tr	NN	A uniformed deputy was speaking with Gage .
tr	NNS	Things were looking up .
tr	NN	" The only proof we have is what I 've seen -- what no one else has seen . "
tr	NN	Smoke and fire belched out of the small patch of trees that had hidden the commander .
tr	NN	The challenge on Mitch 's face dared him to argue .
tr	NN	Usually a little chat with Dennis or a visit by the dogs takes care of things .
tr	NNS	- My pals told about our relationship to other people too .
tr	NNS	Majestic marble floors led to a grand mahogany staircase .
tr	NNS	Then Randall 's jaws got wider and he latched onto Joe 's shoulder .
tr	NNS	The skin markings that were visible from within the open front of his shirt were livid with the colors of hunger .
tr	NNS	Probably even mountain goats don 't find them .
tr	NN	" We ' l fil you in . "
tr	NN	The smeared , sick graffiti seemed even more threatening at night .
tr	NN	A light rap came from the passenger side of the car .
tr	NN	The U.S. real estate market was red hot as Americans made tons of money flipping houses .
tr	NNS	My ancestors died on the battlefield not ten minutes ago ! "
tr	NNS	Screams of terror and agony followed in her wake .
tr	NNS	Most nations are cooperating .
tr	NNS	Lights were on downstairs and upstairs , but as I got closer , rock music reached me from the other side of the house .
tr	NNS	" Mostly canned vegetables , canned soups , stews , that sort of thing ? "
tr	NN	The melody changed , and he gently brought us to a halt .
tr	NNS	Their fans followed along , and the atmosphere was electric .
tr	NN	Part of me wanted to set it on fire and see if it would burn , though I doubted something as mundane as fire could destroy it .
tr	NNS	Words wouldn 't change anything .
tr	NNS	There are other tunnels that connect the kitchens , restaurants , and other maintenance buildings .
tr	NNS	There were several frames on top of the mantel .
tr	NNS	" The other goblins did not feel the call of blood . "
tr	NNS	Contrary to popular belief , wolves aren 't vicious - unless starved or rabid .
tr	NNS	Their deaths have nothing to do with you going outside .
tr	NN	His uncle came to his rescue , but that was short-lived due to monetary pressure from the Colony over Martha Blake 's debt .
tr	NN	An ingenious graduate student also found several inherent problems that were preventing the electrical generators from running at optimal performance and corrected those issues .
tr	NN	Our Master questioned him briefly and decided that he was acceptable - with all the usual provisos .
tr	NN	Thick of mind and body , Lando had been a crack baby , or so other kids at school claimed .
tr	NN	The smells of rotting wood and orange peel filled Elizabeth 's nostrils , along with another bittersweet smell that she could not identify .
tr	NN	The choir leader began gently waving his arms back and forth as the men started practicing their hymn .
tr	NN	' A Jekyll and Hyde , ' Love repeated to himself .
tr	NN	Despite the delight I felt over this truth , the powerful Ingrid would always win over weak and pathetic Camilla .
tr	NN	After that there was no stopping Antonia .
tr	NN	The werewolf growled , but stayed put .
tr	NN	The groping dizziness of topmost air was but a girdle for its loins .
tr	NNS	Both zombies were back on their feet and coming again by the time Joe had struggled back into a kneeling position .
tr	NN	The arrival of Randa seemed to put a blanket over the good humour of the morning .
tr	NNS	The other mages trailed along like a family of ducklings .
tr	NNS	The grains flowed perfectly , like tiny frozen rivulets .
tr	NN	The hulking ox didn 't leave his side .
tr	NN	The ritual was hard on her .
tr	NNS	Few hotels had robes in the rooms anymore .
tr	NNS	The winds blew and a vortex formed , a whirling pyramid of roaring blackness .
tr	NNS	Now our mothers are conspiring with each other to get us together .
tr	NN	" My daddy will hear about this .
tr	NN	A large , oak armoire rounded out the room with another oak door leading to the room beside it .
tr	NNS	Screams that cut through him like a warrior 's ax , screams of his people , the young and the old , voices he could not answer .
tr	NNS	' Wi ' a bit o ' hay .
tr	NN	" No offense , " he said calmly , " but nobody touches the Mortal Cup except us . "
tr	NNS	Myles refused to back away .
tr	NNS	" No , no passengers this time , " Matthew insisted .
tr	NN	Already the raven looked up at him , beak cracked hopefully , dependent .
tr	NN	The undoubtedly expertly crafted wiring must have simply fell prey to microscopic degradation over such a long period of time .
tr	NNS	A run-down , windowless , blue van pulls up to the curb in front of my home and lurches to a stop out front .
tr	NNS	" But the letters are ... parchment .
tr	NNS	The other wolves had finished their meal by now and were coming back to the tree .
tr	NNS	" The courts do not know what is happening , nor would they care .
tr	NN	A sob escaped my lips as complete dread took over every fiber of my being .
tr	NNS	The warriors in the sky were making the job easier , wounding every Lycan that dared to tear at the dragon .
tr	NNS	Just as he 'd suspected , her fears for April were consuming her .
tr	NNS	Rufus , Lily and James Dean crossed the bridge and found a seat with their friends .
tr	NN	The pasta arrived and she guarded her bowl .
tr	NN	As Romulus sat up next to a glowing lamp , a frog landed on the sleeve of his muddied fur coat .
tr	NNS	The leaders of the African countries wanted to have a meeting in Egypt .
tr	NNS	The wooden slats which sectioned off the glass panes resembled the shapes of freakish , square eyes .
tr	NNS	The helpers brought cool water from the lake in large pails , and washed Arun down many times a day .
tr	NN	The addict in the back of your brain can nudge its way to the front whenever the fuck it wants .
tr	NNS	Even their differences didn 't stop the desire racing through his veins .
tr	NN	The medication she was on no longer seemed to be working .
tr	NN	" What is the description of the burglar ? "
tr	NN	" Italian opera will always hold a special place in my heart . "
tr	NN	Could his new combat skills be part of the reason the oracle had placed so much importance on his participation in the upcoming quest ?
tr	NN	There 's probably a ski lodge on the other side of the ridge .
tr	NNS	Sirens , muffled and seemingly far away , but recognizable .
tr	NN	When his lips softly melt into mine , every nerve in my body comes alive .
tr	NN	Although I take my time with the first slice , my hunger gets the better of me and I devour the rest within minutes .
tr	NN	Along the ranks a sergeant or two scurried to keep the lines moving .
tr	NNS	Hands lifted her up .
tr	NN	The soup worked its magic and now here he is undoing it all .
tr	NNS	There were nine planets , the sun and moon and solar system display , but during the night , the moon display was empty .
tr	NNS	Reyes studied his friend , hoping to find signs of the warrior he 'd once been , not the monster he 'd become .
tr	NNS	" When you are gone ... Things will change . "
tr	NNS	Classes were going okay but not great before the letter .
tr	NN	If just Elizabeth was gone , then maybe there was a good explanation , but with others missing , there was reason to be concerned .
tr	NN	The family reunion is over .
tr	NN	Is the Amaranth tribe getting involved in some type of war ?
tr	NNS	These images swam up from the murkiness of his memory bank , and combining them with the light , he knew .
tr	NN	In fact , his organisation had a new post for him ; he was supposedly on his way to Mozambique within the next month .
tr	NN	His teacher seemed to concur as she corrected him on only two items .
tr	NN	Twice the turbulence had been so bad that the plane had fallen several hundred feet before recovering .
tr	NN	His fingers slide between mine as he takes my hand in his and turns his attention back to the stage .
tr	NNS	" Your instincts have always been keen , my child .
tr	NNS	There were two mentions on the website , one about Elite , Gabriel Dare to Open Club on Eden ?
tr	NN	No offense to my son , but I had more than a lifetime of hospitals years ago .
tr	NNS	Overhead streetlights lit the road and traffic was light .
tr	NNS	Sirens started as we pulled away .
tr	NNS	The edges of the maps curled up , as if they were smiling at the sight of her .
tr	NNS	The members of his team can 't believe he 's getting that close .
tr	NNS	As the road swept toward it the trees thinned out and Paul could see an ornate gatehouse tucked behind a pair of imposing , wrought iron gates .
tr	NNS	His massive head rolls to the side , then lifts a few inches from the floor .
tr	NN	Emerald , Inc. 's headquarters were in Wichita .
tr	NNS	Her instincts were screaming at her to get out of the Mercedes .
tr	NNS	Seamus sat in front where she 'd left him .
tr	NNS	There were a few monitors with images casually scrolling across the screen .
tr	NN	Within minutes the gas punctured the fuel cell and launched it straight up into the air .
tr	NNS	Things had changed though and she 'd been backed into a corner .
tr	NNS	Maybe the trucker twins had touched the envelope , after all .
tr	NN	She continued : " Call me , my studio is on the list . "
tr	NNS	His movements became brisk , even rough .
tr	NNS	The media picked it up before we did . "
tr	NNS	Maybe the Police should take a closer look at Ray 's death . "
tr	NNS	Happily , the rollers worked as intended and the module made its slow progress across the transfer block and into the hold of Red One .
tr	NNS	The male owls stayed in close formation , the female in the center , circling above the forest , climbing high into the mist .
tr	NNS	Yet , the aromas coming from the buffet table smelled delightful .
tr	NN	There was a convenient tumble of boulders nearby .
tr	NN	As it did , Vena 's choking became dry retching .
tr	NN	A gentleman would walk away .
tr	NNS	My hallucinations are . "
tr	NN	The slit fell open halfway up my thigh , exposing my leg .
tr	NNS	Things could change for you at any moment and you might not be prepared . "
tr	NNS	Until he had seen the twins kneeling before that altar .
tr	NN	Humanitarian aid , my ass , " Ed said .
tr	NNS	The creatures face twisted , not in pain but in rage as it was knocked back a few feet .
tr	NNS	Simple but beautiful fountains sparkled cheerily , making music of their own design .
tr	NNS	Sirens continued to wail .
tr	NNS	Her shyness was refreshing .
tr	NNS	Folks were pretty good about not monopolizing his time or their place at the table , and so there was a constant shift of people and places .
tr	NN	the cowboy asked as Matthew set the plates on top of the barrel next to Bax .
tr	NN	The other rider was also wearing a long dark cloak .
tr	NNS	Nerves twist my stomach into knots .
tr	NNS	The first indications were not good .
tr	NNS	Their somber expressions sought solace in the floor through downtrodden gazes .
tr	NN	The smells from their bags were growing stronger , and Steven 's stomach began to growl .
tr	NNS	Things should be better now . "
tr	NNS	What were the chances that somebody would fly all the way to Africa and follow him to the summit of a collapsed volcano ?
tr	NN	Her orgasm continued on giving him drive even as she tensed around him .
tr	NNS	Strangers still terrified me , but he wasn 't a stranger .
tr	NNS	What exactly are the symptoms ? "
tr	NN	A swoop and a slow , and they touched down on the desert floor with a thump .
tr	NN	' The snake is wisdom , and that man had none .
tr	NNS	" Dogs never marry . "
tr	NNS	A few cavalry shots whistled past him , one bullet tugging at his shirt sleeve .
tr	NN	" Love can conquer all ! "
tr	NN	" The bastard just cleared out without paying his bill . "
tr	NNS	There are few purses in this world that I would surrender my life to save .
tr	NN	" That bastard deserves to be fired . "
tr	NN	The plump little blonde settled the dog in her arms and faced me with concern .
tr	NN	Her werewolf had just spoken true ... some bonds really were meant to last forever .
tr	NN	" Your tribe has only one Healer and no War Healer .
tr	NN	The hunter crumpled to the floor , a thin trickle of blood leaking from his forehead .
tr	NN	There was even a strange sentiment of envy as well as that same pity .
tr	NN	The duke rarely visited court ; this had to be important .
tr	NNS	The three Dragons exchanged horrified looks .
tr	NN	" Where 's the TV ? "
tr	NN	His charm got him through school and when his charm couldn 't accomplish something , I tutored him .
tr	NNS	26 IT WAS NEW YEAR 'S EVE .
tr	NNS	Then there are your abilities to make people fall in love or whatever .
tr	NNS	From its belly , thousands of white-hot eruptions sent a steady stream of blue missiles streaking downward , destroying the city .
tr	NNS	Aztec legends also speak of an alien race that resemble upright reptiles .
tr	NN	He swam back to the present , looking at the attendance sheet the substitute teacher had left .
tr	NN	An option he hadn 't considered .
tr	NNS	Reyes ground his teeth together .
tr	NNS	The ridiculous restrictions on being female threatened to choke me .
tr	NN	The expected creak and required strength to open the divide never came .
tr	NNS	Several empty spots broke the perfect arrangement , making me wonder what happened to them .
tr	NN	The gunfire sounded even louder if that were possible .
tr	NNS	Moreau 's actions had stripped him of the confidence he 'd always possessed that he could protect his own .
tr	NN	Riddick took in everyone 's positions , then cautiously drew closer and knelt by Waters and the wolf .
tr	NNS	Most of al the rogue gangs are starting to rebel against the camp . "
tr	NNS	Your companions also look very strange .
tr	NNS	Other areas below the trees were a tangle of brambles and briars , but lifeless .
tr	NN	The diary is my platform .
tr	NN	My first instinct is to deny it , but I know there 's no use .
tr	NN	As he fell back , gasping for breath , there was a sharp and excruciating stab of pain from his ribs .
tr	NNS	Through the ages , new leaders and new priests adjusted the message .
tr	NNS	There are legends of shape-shifters among our people , tales told around campfires late at night . "
tr	NNS	The chips scratch my throat going down , and I cough .
tr	NN	The audience laughed and applauded .
tr	NNS	The CD player 's batteries died so I ditched it but kept the CD .
tr	NNS	The ads were just what he expected ; the sort of ads he 'd been reading and answering for fifteen years .
tr	NNS	These creatures are masters of manipulation .
tr	NNS	My fellow cats are waiting to help me clean up and get rid of all you rodents .
tr	NN	The injured player pulled his helmet off before slinging an arm over each of their shoulders .
tr	NN	The EMT student rider sat in the airway seat , at the head of the gurney .
tr	NNS	Various items lay scattered around -- tennis rackets , hockey gear , and other equipment for human games .
tr	NN	His charm was such that she grinned at him before she strode out of the room .
tr	NN	Why did your cousin Vlad have to brag so much ?
tr	NN	Each slow inch felt like pure pleasure .
tr	NN	Isn 't this the master bedroom ? "
tr	NN	" Two hundred thousand dollars , " an agent said .
tr	NNS	' But roads alone don 't take you anywhere . '
tr	NNS	Colt 's instincts told him that he wasn 't too sure she would be safe with her new security detail .
tr	NN	The galley opened off the saloon or day room , and its door was close to that of the control room .
tr	NNS	" There was something magical about that kiss .
tr	NN	The gang leader looked over at the bus , and Derek 's eyes veered away , suddenly preoccupied by the radio dial .
tr	NNS	But its batteries needed replacing , and its knee joints .
tr	NNS	The best pets are the ones who pick you . "
tr	NN	Across the way , a helicopter idled , its pilot slumped forward in his seat , engine winding down to an unmanned stop .
tr	NNS	The paintings spin in front of me .
tr	NNS	All the chants of all the priests of Ra won 't make one damn whit of difference . "
tr	NNS	In a single instant the intense movements that had been preceding came to an abrupt halt and the air was quiet , except for the heavy breathing .
tr	NNS	Lots of things can happen before they get here . "
tr	NNS	There aren 't any window locks in Mary 's time .
tr	NN	An addictive thrill that could lead him into forgetting that his self-indulgence would eventually hurt her .
tr	NN	One turkey was all they needed for now .
tr	NNS	Aris smirked at her brothers .
tr	NNS	Hands facing forward show aggression or anger , neither of which are a good thing .
tr	NN	Dee 's inhale hissed between her teeth .
tr	NNS	The police sirens passed and faded .
tr	NNS	Lots of feel good stories . "
tr	NNS	But his psychic abilities afforded him a different way of perceiving objects and other living things when there was little light available .
tr	NN	The hamster looked slightly taken aback .
tr	NN	However , the kitchenette and bathroom had to be modernised .
tr	NNS	Notice boards and logos attested to its construction in 1968 by the local chapters of the Lions and Apex Clubs .
tr	NN	An initial hesitation flamed by a surprising ember of fear tightened his chest .
tr	NNS	Additional footsteps scramble down the stairs , across the fallen leaves then everything is silent .
tr	NNS	The human warriors fell with brassy armor ringing like a bell .
tr	NNS	Shouts echo from the hall beyond our own .
tr	NNS	The strands sparkled in the light .
tr	NNS	Screams rose as debris began to fall from a shattering ceiling .
tr	NN	My fucking God-given right to be with my daughter .
tr	NNS	" There were psychotic breaks , sir .
tr	NN	" Let 's back up , " my therapist said , breaking the silence .
tr	NNS	The mothers took it worst , and blamed us men for doing nothing .
tr	NN	* Chapter 61 Galilee and Beth brought together strong , expertly applied air currents and swelling , rolling water drawn up from the soaked ground .
tr	NNS	" Well , goodnight hugs are a tradition in our family , and I 'd like one before I go to bed . "
tr	NNS	Our ancestors used to bless the animals in this night .
tr	NNS	Looks like I 've found an open door .
tr	NN	Gray 's partner , Kowalski , snorted .
tr	NN	The bullet whizzes through the air and slices through Paul 's throat .
tr	NNS	His suggestions were fine .
tr	NN	The priest brought in an extra chair , and he and Jared opened the book .
tr	NNS	On the doors were signs , " Closed until further notice . "
tr	NN	His long cape nearly touched the floor and was designed the same as his suit .
tr	NN	The priest looked absently into the middle distance between them for a moment .
tr	NN	" A coma is when one is in a state of - " began the Oracle .
tr	NN	And her noose still tight enough she couldn 't call for help .
tr	NNS	Images flashed through her mind .
tr	NN	Jazz set pen to paper , hesitated a second , and then scratched out her own messy , jerky autograph .
tr	NNS	In a way , the beatings were self-defeating .
tr	NNS	The mushrooms grew , but it wasn 't the same thing ; that felt less magical .
tr	NNS	Things she most certainly would regret .
tr	NN	A staircase with a bare bulb hanging over it led upwards .
tr	NNS	Loud yelling jarred me awake .
tr	NNS	To my surprise , the figures walked toward each other and formed a huddle .
tr	NNS	Their mouths touched , tongues tasted .
tr	NNS	Things here at the shop are busy . "
tr	NNS	Questions continue to come to his mind throughout the night and into the early morning .
tr	NN	Harry 's first instinct was to duck out of sight .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately for all involved , our little con artists decided to play both sides of the fence .
tr	NNS	Gwen 's directions to find Crewe 's home were easy to follow .
tr	NNS	The elevators to the parking garage were ahead of her and she quickened her pace .
tr	NNS	The chances of them following me to La Push were much lower than the chance of losing Jacob to Sam .
tr	NNS	What will your other clients say when they realize you aren 't a man of your word ? "
tr	NN	But the exercise didn 't do much to lift her depression .
tr	NNS	Moments later , the shackles lay on the floor .
tr	NNS	Neat and endless rows of vegetation shoot off into the distance , with the smallest of concrete pathways cutting between the leafy plants .
tr	NN	In the distance , a leather-clad , leathery thug is pointing a leather-bound Smith and Wesson at me .
tr	NNS	Looks like rain . "
tr	NNS	Meanwhile , my handlers play the card with the finesse of riverboat gamblers , knowing the debate has given the issue staying power .
tr	NN	Before they 'd even had time to steady their breathing , the pilot had called over the loudspeaker , announcing they were preparing to land .
tr	NNS	Lights flashed across Jasmine 's face .
tr	NN	" Morning Handsome . "
tr	NN	" Detective Snow , my client would like to make a statement , " the attorney said .
tr	NN	the old duke said , holding up his hands .
tr	NN	Immediately the young dragon begins taking pictures and scanning for signals .
tr	NN	" No ; I 've relaxed it recently , as you suggested , " the duke replied , rotating the obsidian ring around his thick finger .
tr	NN	Grandpa 's temp has spiked just in the last few minutes . "
tr	NNS	The twins , I imagined everyone real , so I 'm ready -- to defeat her .
tr	NN	And indeed the giant barbarian seemed as much refreshed as if she had slept the whole night on a golden bed .
tr	NN	That same week the state 's attorney and Colin McCarty reached a plea agreement .
tr	NNS	If you don 't get pulled over , chances are you 're drinking and driving .
tr	NNS	Things back the way they were . "
tr	NN	The surgeon held up a placating hand .
tr	NN	A hawk had just landed on the boat 's stern .
tr	NNS	Romulus stared at her wryly , not bothering to respond .
tr	NN	" There was a map ... with routes on them . "
tr	NNS	But then cocktails turned into shots , and it wasn 't just after supper .
tr	NNS	Too many wolves in one Pack bred all kinds of trouble .
tr	NN	There 's no basketball .
tr	NN	And , built-in washers and dryers !
tr	NN	A tremor ran through my body .
tr	NNS	Nerves knotted my throat .
tr	NN	And no scary movies . "
tr	NNS	" Dogs pick up on tiny physical signals .
tr	NNS	The shouts came from neither left nor right , but from behind , inside the hotel .
tr	NNS	The tightness in my chest was too much .
tr	NNS	Cadmus pulled me to him stoically .
tr	NNS	Things stayed that way for nearly 600 years as the remaining humans eschewed science and technology , blaming it for the near extinction of the human race .
tr	NNS	Their coffees arrived and he stirred in a spoonful of sugar .
tr	NNS	More than thirty persons got out , some of them elderly men and women , some with canes and walkers .
tr	NNS	Surely the servants knew that she never came here , that they could have their pick of all the fine treasures inside .
tr	NN	My guilt has won out .
tr	NNS	A few Council members were now casting speculative glances my way .
tr	NN	" Anything but surprising , " replied his student .
tr	NNS	The media only covers the biggest ones intensively , and even those get old after a day or two .
tr	NN	The churning in his stomach got worse .
tr	NNS	On each occasion the settlers held their weapons at the ready ... just in case .
tr	NN	An erotic master , Marcus used the entirety of his formidable skill to make certain he never left her mind for even a moment .
tr	NN	Her pulse pounded in her ears as she tried to unobtrusively brush the saw dust from her afro and clothes .
tr	NNS	Bugs asked the trio .
tr	NN	Periodically , gunfire sounded from the direction of the saloon .
tr	NNS	There weren 't even spaces between the piles of rubble that used to be buildings .
tr	NNS	The two goons on snowmobiles were already spilling vital information in hopes of immunity and new identities .
tr	NNS	Wood splinters , ripped foam cushions , black TV shards .
tr	NNS	Several cautious paces farther and the passage opens into a cavern , tall enough to jump and leap with joy within .
tr	NN	A single headlight burned and led the bus towards him .
tr	NN	The majority of the rooms were small , where a person is simply sitting at a desk , looking at a screen , typing on a keyboard .
tr	NN	The bastard loved this .
tr	NN	" Your grandmother was one powerful woman to keep that under wraps .
tr	NN	More than ever before , the isolated cottage became a warm , safe haven .
tr	NNS	Reyes let the moment breathe as his own dedication to the mission filled his mind all over again .
tr	NNS	Her defenses were too low to deal with Dare now .
tr	NNS	If I couldn 't have my human , why should those vamps get theirs ?
tr	NNS	Despite the threat of terrorist attacks which forced the Forum Committee to impose tight security measures , the meetings have been upbeat .
tr	NNS	The matched couples are there , along with Murphy in front of them , all staring into the tree line .
tr	NN	" I 'd like a word please , " calmly ordered the pilot .
tr	NNS	Nerves rocked through him and a rush of air left him on a heavy exhale .
tr	NN	The elder waved a finger in the air .
tr	NN	He reached for her , found her arm then her hip .
tr	NN	There 's no budget for more security cameras . "
tr	NNS	" What are the chances he 's in there when we get back ? "
tr	NN	Moses Jackson 's grandmother dragged the 12 year old boy and his two younger siblings to an old crusty Baptist church early that cool spring morning .
tr	NN	The roar of the train blew into the car like a windswept thunderclap .
tr	NNS	The readers of such things regard the count as One Transformed and an Ascended Master , whatever that 's supposed to mean . "
tr	NNS	Lu 's walk was neatly cleared , the sheer edges of the snow marked with a blower 's lines .
tr	NNS	Had the noble classes always just ignored their privilege ?
tr	NN	Even the television seemed ancient .
tr	NNS	Iain swung around , instincts guiding him .
tr	NN	The leader among the three -- he could only be Luther -- dressed like a foppish pirate .
tr	NN	The cow was chewing her cud .
tr	NN	Sick with worry , literally nauseated , he fought to rein in the panic .
tr	NNS	The colors are still blurry , but brighter now .
tr	NNS	" My apologies , " I whisper , my hand over the mouthpiece .
tr	NN	Their accommodation is not as good as ours is , but it 's clean and friendly .
tr	NN	The dark compulsion of the kill was on him , and on Randall , who retaliated with a gun of his own .
tr	NNS	Was he avoiding her ?
tr	NNS	The creatures burst out of the woods behind Devon .
tr	NNS	The eyelids were mechanical , the nose was much smaller and the mouth was just a small opening in the lower part of the face .
tr	NN	No answer but ... the scuffle sounded again .
tr	NN	The dragon growled at her and she fought her smile .
tr	NN	The secretary went with him about ten minutes ago .
tr	NN	" Ok -- what do you want ? "
tr	NNS	Ezra 's sandals scrape along the concrete as we start toward my mom 's Jeep .
tr	NN	The trained warrior was instantly pointing toward one of the hovering vampires .
tr	NNS	The duchess clasps her hands together as if in prayer and closes her eyes , joy lighting her young face .
tr	NNS	Hands land on my shoulders .
tr	NNS	The rolling hills quickly turned into pine covered foothills and plateaus .
tr	NNS	Sirens began to blare and orange strobe lights flashed over the walls and floor in a dizzying pattern .
tr	NNS	The strands in the woman 's mouth pull out and form a thin appendage that snakes toward her anus .
tr	NNS	The colors of the far side of the advancing armada seemed to be warped .
tr	NN	The pilot shrugged his good shoulder .
tr	NNS	Girls like me don 't go to school . "
tr	NNS	Looking again at the photograph she thought of her later meetings with some of those people , meetings her father knew nothing about .
tr	NN	Her core throbbed and wept for relief that no hot pink ginormous vibrator could ever satisfy .
tr	NN	And yet , his low baritone emerged , filling the room , giving Nicola this final piece of himself .
tr	NNS	Light footsteps ran to the door and it was wrenched open .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , not all the bees have heard about this theory .
tr	NN	Part of her was seconds away from divulging what she knew .
tr	NNS	The club members congratulated Dave and Buzz on a great match , but wanted to know more about the shooting .
tr	NN	The head MP was a master sergeant , so who was we to argue ? "
tr	NNS	Flowers was the surname given to bastards born of noble parents in the Reach .
tr	NNS	And Callie 's gentle caresses were only pushing him closer to being engulfed in a full out inferno .
tr	NNS	Others twisted fingers in their hair while staring blanking forward .
tr	NN	Summer 's grandmother , who had flown out from Minneapolis for Summer 's birthday party , smiled and said , " Congratulations on your engagement . "
tr	NNS	A snail hides in his shell , Dunk remembered .
tr	NN	When he finished , Storm kissed her neck this time .
tr	NN	Morning rapidly became lunchtime and then mid-afternoon , but they were no further southward than they had been the day before .
tr	NNS	And a few paces behind was my father , each arm clasped by a vampire , but they needn 't have bothered .
tr	NNS	Where would the targets be this time ?
tr	NNS	Their internal organs could pop as easily as bubble wrap .
tr	NN	" Don 't know the man , but I know the type , " replied the cowboy .
tr	NN	" That chip on your shoulder has gotten pretty big , pretty quick .
tr	NN	Teel 's little magic trick had certainly inspired other amorous excesses in the past few hours .
tr	NN	The publisher appreciates your support of the author 's rights .
tr	NN	With a mocking squawk the raven took wing and left the boy alone with his misery .
tr	NNS	The mattress dipped when he crawled into the bed with her .
tr	NNS	There are very few planets within his range of travel that have an abundance of clean water .
tr	NN	" My Elder really put me through a lot when it was inhabiting me .
tr	NN	" Ah , sweetheart , if you keep that up we 'll both be disappointed , " he told her .
tr	NNS	Mercifully , the effects of the powder had worn off hours earlier .
tr	NNS	Some religious functions , some Irish social gatherings , " Dan said .
tr	NN	The resounding clash is like thunder as armor crashes into armor , pikes break through shields , and swords meet .
tr	NNS	" Our species , Johnny , you 're one of us . "
tr	NNS	If you go any further the chances are you 'll turn into a dribbling idiot and be of no use to anyone . "
tr	NN	The fairy godmother waved goodbye to the bears and the frog who didn 't want to be a prince and went home to bed .
tr	NN	Part of it was the exhaustion and the fear and the fever , but there was more than that .
tr	NN	The petite brunette looked over her shoulder at Grace .
tr	NN	And a nicely decorated office , too .
tr	NN	An owl fluttered its wings while it watched for a meal .
tr	NNS	The shouts of children from the boardwalk had turned into screams .
tr	NN	My orgasm hit so fast and hard that I screamed incoherently .
tr	NN	A simple exchange of vows shouldn 't change anything .
tr	NN	The teacher 's introduction took up almost all of the time for the class , so they were dismissed when he was finished .
tr	NN	Even if the three of you decided to formally join us , that transition would begin there .
tr	NN	Her script was too thin to include anything but the songs sung by the chorus .
tr	NNS	Suspicious casually stepped over the dead and disabled as he moved to comfort the TED , rubbing his back and whispering words into his ear .
tr	NNS	Her instincts hadn 't been wrong .
tr	NNS	Lights , above the buttons , changed from green to red .
tr	NNS	Are all your friends freaks like you Chloë ? "
tr	NNS	The consequences were devastating .
tr	NNS	The bright colors of the many huge fiberglass toy soldiers all around added to the festive look of the massed state flags at the other end .
tr	NNS	Words are wind . "
tr	NNS	Soldiers past by in wheelchairs , accompanied by their attentive wives or mothers .
tr	NN	A career in politics was never good to the body .
tr	NN	" That van nearly ran me over less than an hour ago .
tr	NN	A meteorite had destroyed Pius ' personal residence when the first shower hit .
tr	NNS	And when it is actually hungry , chances are the closest prey to it will not be you . "
tr	NNS	" Folks buried their dead wherever they dropped in the old days . "
tr	NN	Though I had braced myself to gather my will and pit it against his , his next strike hammered into me like a freight train .
tr	NN	The grimace in his eyes made him look like a stubborn old man , and the expression looked wrong on his easy features .
tr	NN	" Good for you , " the commander said sarcastically .
tr	NN	Immediately in front of me were the tray pick up and the food line .
tr	NNS	Its colours were more vibrant .
tr	NN	A growl answers back , and through the dim light , she can see the gleam of sharp fangs .
tr	NNS	There was a tightness in my chest that would probably never go away .
tr	NN	Did the tractor come yet ? "
tr	NN	The hermit opened the door wide and stepped aside .
tr	NN	The dwarf shook off her daze and put her arms on my shoulders , trying to push me off .
tr	NN	The fur on Snowball 's back was rising , her tail swelling like a bottle brush .
tr	NNS	The two squad members checked their surrounds before escorting Riddick inside the protection of the distortion field .
tr	NNS	" Animals eat their young for no reason .
tr	NN	As McCreary looked on , the pilot was now in the chopper and pushed a number of switches in quick succession .
tr	NNS	Two drops of blood is not profuse bleeding , Knight .
tr	NNS	Their movements sent them skirting past another couple .
tr	NNS	When we rolled to a stop on the landing strip at the small airport , the passengers started to stand and grab their bags .
tr	NN	The word ' revolution ' is simply not in their vocabulary .
tr	NNS	Soldiers might get involved .
tr	NNS	But his attempts to help hadn 't worked and he was getting frustrated .
tr	NNS	Few bystanders stood to watch .
tr	NNS	Cadmus clenched my hand tighter .
tr	NN	There was an undertone to Charles 's voice that put me on alert .
tr	NN	" In Rosetta , there is a legend .
tr	NNS	Gramps cackles across the boat .
tr	NN	A small faction of our soldiers once defeated the great Saladin after he underestimated our knights and let his forces spread to plunder nearby towns .
tr	NN	For the first time a gleam of interest came into that cryptic face .
tr	NN	My boot landed solid in my opponent 's chest and we went down .
tr	NNS	As would millions of Bourbon drinkers worldwide .
tr	NN	" Your honor , May I have a few minutes before the cross-examination , please ? "
tr	NN	" The master wishes to speak to you . "
tr	NNS	Reyes shouldn 't have been surprised , but he was .
tr	NN	Our litigation unit lives for this sort of thing .
tr	NN	The lightning illuminated the hall , and one of the men upstairs shouted something .
tr	NNS	Amidst such caressing signs of mutual fear they parted .
tr	NNS	Werewolves aren 't the only animals to inhabit these forests -- grizzly bears , coyotes , and cougars all patrol the borders where Serena 's world ends .
tr	NN	The scowl grew on his face and he quieted .
tr	NNS	" Then your forests must be full of elephant and gorilla , yes ? "
tr	NN	" Your breakfast looks good , " the inspector said .
tr	NN	The assessment of Ross would , he felt , be reassuring to the Board .
tr	NNS	There 's too many gaps . "
tr	NNS	Lots of people go to psychics just for a laugh . "
tr	NNS	How well are the accelerometer suits working ?
tr	NNS	Moses said as they finished up their sound check in the expansive gymnasium .
tr	NN	The handkerchief plant had just put forth another fruit .
tr	NN	" If I help you in this , " said Ezio slowly , " there is a condition . "
tr	NN	The fifth and most recent extinction took out the dinosaurs , ushering in the era of mammals and altering the world forever .
tr	NNS	There were only three pairs on board which still worked .
tr	NN	IN THE TALE OF LIFE : In those days , every student of our class feared to love someone .
tr	NNS	Large wraparound sunglasses covered his eyes and part of his forehead and nose .
tr	NN	His bedchamber was empty when he stepped in and closed the door behind him .
tr	NNS	And no whispers with eyes my way .
tr	NNS	The three black Town Cars sped away .
tr	NN	" Release my friends at once , " Auron said , voice hoarse and his eyes glowed white .
tr	NNS	" Well , the experiments are for ... " she started to say , then stuttered , not sure where to go .
tr	NNS	These well-trained , seasoned warriors were skilled at handling their guns .
tr	NN	" Man your stations , you pigs , " the captain railed at his seamen , walking into their lethargic midst with enough venom .
tr	NNS	The aliens didn 't seem to understand what she 'd said , but at the moment it didn 't matter .
tr	NN	The parade lasted all of twenty-five minutes , which I figured would please my dad .
tr	NN	Her long , thick tail was whipping back and forth , her pupils wide and black , so that nearly no yellow showed .
tr	NN	Maybe he ' l relax a bit .
tr	NNS	In the remaining daylight , after the sheriff had driven back to Davy , the motorcycles roared through Midnight .
tr	NN	She had just gotten out of her last art class and her final project lay beside her , the canvas carefully wrapped and secured in brown paper .
tr	NN	The beak had a thin handle that fit inside her flat , misshapen nostrils , and prongs held it in place .
tr	NN	Dex aside , the video was pretty damn creepy .
tr	NNS	The aunts really amounted to a harem .
tr	NN	" Alive and kicking , " Storm answered .
tr	NN	Any damage that might have occurred would only be visible now in daylight .
tr	NN	To an adult the concept seemed corny , but those images had made a real impact on her when she was young .
tr	NNS	There were a few possibilities that made me sit up and take notice .
tr	NN	Real y , a trip to the library ought to be innocent enough .
tr	NNS	" Well , shifters aren 't .
tr	NN	Part of his upper torso looked as though he stuck it in a large tub of cement and allowed it to dry .
tr	NNS	What if those abilities had nothing to do with the reason they 'd given him up ?
tr	NN	" There 's no damage to the door . "
tr	NN	The bruising is severe .
tr	NN	" My loyalty is to my kin .
tr	NN	My cl * t throbbed from just hearing his voice .
tr	NNS	The creatures of Gorn survived , because they never missed an opportunity .
tr	NNS	The two girls scrubbing vegetables glanced at her frequently for approval .
tr	NNS	Of course , there were shoppers too with quirkier taste , and for those the cat and dog charms appealed .
tr	NN	A hoot of laughter drifted to us .
tr	NNS	The pupils of his eyes were dark and they matched the shiny black fur of his coat .
tr	NN	Much like Cujo , my first instinct is to attack and that would cause Vane to make me look like that poor guy over there . "
tr	NN	The tree snake stared at Liza , swaying lightly on its enormous coils .
tr	NN	The secretary looked skeptical and apologetic at the same time .
tr	NNS	All the persons present in Chamber C of the Second Wing had calmed down .
tr	NNS	Heat started to pool in her belly and she pulled him closer , their tongues warring .
tr	NN	And there 's a big Thanksgiving turkey waiting for you .
tr	NN	His posture straightens as he says it .
tr	NNS	Megan dresses stylishly and possesses a very bouncy personality .
tr	NNS	The rats would have him in seconds .
tr	NNS	Following her mysterious departure , her species no longer flaunted their immortality .
tr	NNS	But the creatures there are not at all like you and me . "
tr	NNS	Blue arcs raced outward from the burst before sputtering to an end , the tips crackling in my toes .
tr	NNS	" Oh , there 's always villains ! "
tr	NN	Still , the guidance of the gods could be a good thing , as long as it didn 't go too far .
tr	NNS	The two siblings stared at each other .
tr	NNS	Things just don 't work that way ! "
tr	NNS	The two creatures turned around to face him , brandished their spears , and swung them at Jimmy .
tr	NNS	Your wolves will not be eligible to hold office or assume a command for one hundred years .
tr	NN	The reflection : " Why should we ... ? "
tr	NNS	Kids like Hannah never thought anyone saw the hope .
tr	NNS	Looks like we 're having a psycho reunion this week ... Oh wait , it 's Mardi Gras .
tr	NN	That dark twinkle grew brighter as the other lowered his arm .
tr	NNS	The broken picture frames and torn tapestries indicated that , at a point long ago , this castle would have been very lavish .
tr	NNS	Plans were for tomorrow and the day after .
tr	NNS	But when I opened the box , there were two lonely letters and some junk fliers .
tr	NNS	The blades went through with enough force to knick a chip off of the underside of the front ribs .
tr	NNS	After the war , the werewolves just want nature , Lily .
tr	NNS	" Things with London were always intense and easy because we never talked about anything , really .
tr	NNS	The wolves had begun to kill , not caring if they drew attention from the humans .
tr	NNS	Only , the tests had been inconclusive , and we were taking the " wait and see " approach .
tr	NNS	For you , probably the possibilities will make it difficult , since you want to take the manifest from whoever ends up with it .
tr	NN	The coast was clear .
tr	NN	Love watched the exchange .
tr	NNS	But the soft kisses developed into slow shivery kisses and then into white-hot ones .
tr	NN	He couldn , t contain his excitement .
tr	NNS	" But rats aren 't loyal and they carry disease . "
tr	NNS	The werewolves broke in while Hannah Snow was in the psychologist 's office .
tr	NNS	More curses spilled from her lips as she glared at the bloody mess that was her shoulder .
tr	NN	Storm has the ability to know if someone is lying or not . "
tr	NN	" But the transport may not arrive for a month , if her crossing has been slow . "
tr	NN	After five years the business charter outlines assumed the net worth of the business would justify a sale .
tr	NN	The dragon shook his head .
tr	NNS	Romulus laughed like a bark at Viktor 's expression and waved for him to follow .
tr	NN	The tube drew away .
tr	NN	His nap had worked wonders , and his old virility was back .
tr	NNS	The remaining pirates drew their weapons and began the WOMAN hunt .
tr	NN	A vortex of mist and water spun between an SUV and her father 's silver truck , shimmering in the pale light and not making a sound .
tr	NN	Jazz is just weird like that . "
tr	NNS	" Those cats haven 't had an easy life .
tr	NN	Eric 's horrified screams filled the air .
tr	NN	Behind her , lightning speared through the aurora .
tr	NNS	Others sparred outside the ring or did bag or pad work .
tr	NN	Instead of being concerned about the knife in my hand , the dwarf immediately drew back his poker for another swing at my head .
tr	NN	The balcony wasn 't directly above his ; the platforms were staggered for privacy .
tr	NN	" And now the Empire must continue to decay and die when I was prepared to offer it new life . "
tr	NN	But before I can come , this crazy bounty hunter , he is looking for me .
tr	NNS	Her own juices coated her fingers as she found the source of her torment .
tr	NNS	" They locked us down here in chains , zombies scratched us .
tr	NN	A fat politician denounced the violence .
tr	NN	The two-week Easter vacation stretched ahead of her like a desert road : long and relentless and without relief .
tr	NNS	His footsteps echoed in the deserted corridor .
tr	NN	The parade was only now beginning to reach the Square .
tr	NN	The praise did not escape her notice , but it was hard to embrace it when she felt so stunned .
tr	NNS	Which bits of his body weren " t aching ?
tr	NN	To me , the language sounds a lot like Latin .
tr	NNS	No bloody tourist coaches or placards held high with a bearer waiving for a group to follow .
tr	NNS	In no time the boat 's outboard motors roared into life , churning the water into froth .
tr	NN	The coroner was wearing a long-sleeved black T-shirt under bright blue scrubs that brought out his dark hazel eyes and ebony skin .
tr	NNS	Orders given by a guy she barely knew .
tr	NN	But the envy she 'd felt all those years ago kept her where she was , and the expectant look on Kennedy 's face convinced her .
tr	NNS	But the emptiness in her eyes bothered me too much .
tr	NNS	The lavish jewels made Reece 's jewelry look simple and modest .
tr	NNS	His eyelids tightened and then widened as a smile unveiled a crescent of slightly uneven teeth .
tr	NNS	The colors pulsed bright and brighter .
tr	NN	Her fake smiles elicited real smiles of relief as all her friends relaxed again .
tr	NN	The flirty Leah described by Alec might have dangled her wet clothes out one side of the blanket to tempt Grayson .
tr	NNS	Things would be tight , but we could make it . "
tr	NNS	The city gates were open .
tr	NN	Its ridiculous routine and mundane classes kept getting in the way of my thoughts .
tr	NNS	But so far , no leads , " I said , and then took a bite of my bagel .
tr	NN	" The tripod is in stock .
tr	NN	Perhaps a psychiatrist might have had something to say about a musical instrument that built a wall between the player and the rest of the world .
tr	NNS	There are Colonies gunmen on the roofs .
tr	NN	And a warm thrill of pride rushed through him .
tr	NN	Besides the red blur , every rustle of leaves , every scattering of dirt gave them away .
tr	NNS	Images of him watching me , and me saying something that made his eyes light up like they did sometimes .
tr	NN	" Now don 't worry , " the stylist said , concerned by Eliot 's expression .
tr	NNS	My grandparents are really awesome .
tr	NNS	Frank said , his fears confirmed .
tr	NNS	My sudden stiffness gives Ketchup pause .
tr	NNS	The deaths of their people send ripples through their ranks , the aftermath of which we may never thoroughly understand .
tr	NN	" Taxi " I shouted , the gentleman halted roughly next to my feet .
tr	NN	Apparently cancer hadn 't gotten in the way of her teaching Persephone .
tr	NN	The passenger , at least , was someone I 'd seen before .
tr	NN	The priest couldn 't tell whether their captors had expected them to burst from their prison ; he didn 't have time to think about it .
tr	NNS	There are no long-term consequences .
tr	NN	Really the warped , dark trim between the antique walls appeared to already contain the formation of a small , natural hole .
tr	NNS	Yet those same nations control us .
tr	NN	Her braid had come undone , and her hair tumbled over her shoulders , smelling of mint shampoo .
tr	NNS	According to the harpoon class submarine 's advanced sensors , the foreign leaders were nearing the front door to the base .
tr	NN	There is a fierce challenge in the way she waits .
tr	NNS	Things that you plan to take advantage of , I thought , things you 'll sell the damn software for .
tr	NN	" The second transport will be the easiest for us to access .
tr	NN	This unemotional reporting added to Claire 's discomfort .
tr	NN	Where was her soul mate ?
tr	NNS	His English skills are impressive .
tr	NNS	Are your teachers crazy ?
tr	NNS	The mattress is unbelievable ! "
tr	NN	All the emotional havoc from earlier whirled inside her .
tr	NNS	The warriors he 'd enlisted were part of ' the rest . '
tr	NN	" Yeah , " Jazz said , and started walking again .
tr	NNS	BA bows then frowns .
tr	NN	A sharp stab of guilt pierced her for the deliberate damage she 'd done to what few articles of clothing he apparently had .
tr	NNS	As he went , the daggers he 'd managed to lodge into the wall fell to the floor with a clattering sound .
tr	NN	It 's rider had black , shiny hair , pulled back .
tr	NN	The one-time mortal gave an eerie chuckle .
tr	NNS	Once again , her wrists jerked against his grip , but he wasn 't ready to let her go yet .
tr	NN	Sure the paint was flaking a little ; revealing specks of white under its coat of brown , and the yard was a little overgrown .
tr	NNS	Her nostrils flared and her chest rose and fell with her agitated breathing .
tr	NN	Again the routine would entail more putts than an amateur probably makes in a summer of medals .
tr	NNS	Alexis told me a new Station 's planned for Sector Twelve .
tr	NN	The administrator approached , his furry eyebrows lowering .
tr	NN	The time contract negotiated in the beginning had long expired .
tr	NN	There was another mumble in the background .
tr	NNS	Reyes had taken her blood , but it hadn 't hurt at all .
tr	NN	" The value in something relates to how it is treated , Your Grace .
tr	NN	The trio fell into silence once more and at long last Angela spoke what they had all been thinking .
tr	NN	" I ' l have you know - " Izzy ran in through the gate .
tr	NN	And there 's a beef soup , and ... " Marian looked over her shoulder .
tr	NN	His sympathy didn 't erase anything .
tr	NNS	Others had dark curtains or sheets covering the windows .
tr	NN	The spatula in his hand clattered onto the cement .
tr	NN	" No way stoopid , " said the grunt next to him .
tr	NN	The same dark paneling covered the walls , and bookcases filled with what looked like the same books climbed to the high ceiling .
tr	NNS	His kisses were slow , so slow , and devastatingly thorough .
tr	NN	" Not an immense amount , but it was interesting . "
tr	NN	The circuit fell apart ; Dr. Abernathy had hung up .
tr	NNS	The dwarves ran , and the warlock escaped .
tr	NN	" Now , now , Clarissa , " her uncle said , leaning forward to set down his teacup .
tr	NN	There 's a gap in continuity .
tr	NN	" Coming , coming , " my uncle calls , his heavy steps pounding a path to the front door .
tr	NN	" Maybe there 's some medicine in one of those ? "
tr	NN	" There 's no ancient writing on its pages , though .
tr	NN	" The willow tree ... " Liz stood and mumbled , " Okay .
tr	NN	The Light and the Dark are One , Sarah , in truth .
tr	NNS	Zayne 's nostrils flared as he stepped aside .
tr	NN	A choir of giggles flow through the opposite side .
tr	NN	Part of her wanted to explore the way he made her feel and part of her wanted to play it safe .
tr	NN	On top of the closet rung , a shelf held a bunch of socks and boxers .
tr	NNS	Things that can get into his bloodstream as quickly as drugs .
tr	NN	Part of her wished Kevin were with her , but that wasn 't going to happen .
tr	NN	Why was the leader here ?
tr	NN	Only royal dragons in line for the throne could conjure portals , no other dragon can .
tr	NN	The demon lord appeared before the closed door in a crouched position .
tr	NNS	All our conventional ideas about feedback imply a certain uniformity of environment .
tr	NN	The pup is playing on the roof by the pool . "
tr	NN	The mare goddess had told me to make another wish .
tr	NNS	The throw pillows and blankets on the back of the couch match the granite in the kitchen .
tr	NN	Part of the problem was that Jennifer was feeling kind of helpless herself .
tr	NN	" Well , Mr. Fried , there is no intrigue here .
tr	NNS	The ghosts I knew were not particularly happy .
tr	NNS	Lots of people around , people in long robes , like people in the Bible .
tr	NN	Our government has been selling this technology to other countries so that they can do the same thing .
tr	NN	The flowing swish of a blue tail floated out behind her .
tr	NN	the pup cried out desperately .
tr	NN	His answering growl rumbled through his chest and his grip on her tightened .
tr	NNS	His thumbs traced her cheeks , his skin so hot she could have been pressed against the sun .
tr	NN	" Where 's your uncle ? "
tr	NNS	Your infosec protocols - information security - aren 't as strong as I like , and we 've been updating them .
tr	NNS	The sources I have work at , ah , higher levels .
tr	NNS	" Help yourselves , boys , " Charlotte said .
tr	NNS	Because of the fantastic design , cats can go longer without food than any other domestic animal .
tr	NN	Shiny forest green paint , layered thickly with years of repainting , covered each door and all the trim work .
tr	NN	There was another giggle as well but this one seemed to be coming from a corner of the room .
tr	NN	The bastard squeezed my breast ( purposefully ) as he tightened his hold to make a point .
tr	NNS	" The litter box supplies and cat chow are there . "
tr	NNS	How can these ancient creatures still exist , to descend upon us like fallen angels , angels of mercy in our people 's time of need ?
tr	NN	" As much as I hate to say it , the coven is the only lead we 've got . "
tr	NNS	" Gun shots fired at the Eden Pinnacle building . "
tr	NN	Dove , too , is a toy or possibly a dog as I lead her through the throngs of people .
tr	NN	No fake ID to get a drink whenever you visit Georgia . "
tr	NNS	But the werewolves survived the blast . "
tr	NNS	The sergeants left and Howard went back to the barricade .
tr	NNS	The letters were cold and the page was cold and the room cooled and the hairs rose on his arms , his neck .
tr	NNS	What were the chances that he would shave , get dressed , turn off the light , and leave the shower running ?
tr	NNS	" Only two guesses left . "
tr	NNS	Our contacts within the police departments and hospitals should prove helpful in this case . "
tr	NN	A flat screen TV sat on a table by the wall to her left with three ashtrays lined up in front of it .
tr	NNS	Plaster cracked and dust plumed around him .
tr	NN	Storm asked quietly , not demanding .
tr	NN	My hawk went along the line to cover , up wind ; she went in a great circle , flying with great speed .
tr	NN	The passenger didn 't have two gnarled legs , but one long , iridescent fishtail .
tr	NN	There was an exit ramp only a few miles down the road and she drove toward that , turned off when she could and parked .
tr	NN	" I 'll take it , " the attorney answered , shaking her head , plainly believing Shannon was a foolish girl .
tr	NN	A milk run . "
tr	NNS	The nurses will come and get you when he 's ready to be seen .
tr	NNS	More blue wisps penetrated the red .
tr	NN	A frying pan in his hand and a glare across his ridiculously handsome face .
tr	NN	" Where the chemical spilled on her .
tr	NN	The midnight gaze slid toward Shay .
tr	NN	Any teaching without documents , simply handed down by word of mouth , would not pass this test .
tr	NNS	If he said a word , those gut-wrenching sobs she was battling would break loose and tear her apart .
tr	NN	A good warrior fights with thirty .
tr	NN	The liquid was bitter and didn 't taste good at all but I forced it down .
tr	NNS	The twins would follow at a distance and keep an eye out while ensuring Nicole had no idea .
tr	NNS	And maybe if my dad would finally show concern for me and not the way my actions reflected on him and Kaleidoscope .
tr	NNS	The gears in her mind spun with what to tell him .
tr	NN	There was a distant mutter of thunder borne on the rising breeze .
tr	NNS	Girls wear them quite short these days .
tr	NN	The tip of his finger slipped in .
tr	NN	The goblin gave Kendra a strange , sly smile .
tr	NNS	Lights flickered on and off around us and somehow I found footing amid the chaos .
tr	NN	Saturday The government has announced HMS Illustrious is heading to the area .
tr	NNS	Jewels glittered on her fingers and power seemed to swirl in the air around her .
tr	NN	" Your deputy 's overzealous .
tr	NN	Soon , the clearing is full of the bustle and industry of nearly fifty people making camp ready for the coming night .
tr	NNS	Looks like they 're ready for you . "
tr	NN	A soft rug covered the ceramic tile floor .
tr	NN	" I don 't run a hotel , " the nun replied .
tr	NN	Somehow Dua 's madness had spoiled it .
tr	NNS	There were boot prints leading away to the east following the line of the fence .
tr	NNS	Her own thumbs dipped into the band on her thong and she pulled it off , throwing it across the room .
tr	NNS	" Some websites were claiming that her skin grew back , but most of the other websites debunked those claims ? "
tr	NN	The yelling only gets more vicious .
tr	NNS	There were sculptures , photographs , and abstract paintings .
tr	NNS	The sirens were distant .
tr	NN	The stank beneath the city tube was becoming unbearable .
tr	NNS	Screams and howls rose as the bullets found the shooters .
tr	NN	A puff of air that was laughter hit my cheek .
tr	NN	" A phoenix has to die to be born . "
tr	NNS	The runes were really going crazy now .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of seeing Trick in the buff makes my cheeks flame and my stomach flutter with excitement .
tr	NN	" Hello , Paul , " my grandmother called to him .
tr	NNS	I 'm glad they are so far off , the chances of running into someone is considerably less with each passing mile .
tr	NN	There was an aura of anticipation about her .
tr	NN	As badly as I wanted my powers back , Torin 's second prophecy sat lodged like a stone in my chest .
tr	NN	" Apparently , the fissure theory makes no sense .
tr	NNS	Her worst fears had come true .
tr	NN	" All right , " the elderly duke said with a sigh .
tr	NN	A savage thrill of triumph went through Sam .
tr	NNS	Reyes tossed the packages onto the counter and grabbed one of the loaves of bread .
tr	NNS	Hanging moss draped off of everything more than a few feet above the forest floor .
tr	NNS	Lots and lots of all colored lights so that other people would sneer at the vulgarity of the display .
tr	NN	An eternity passed before either moved .
tr	NN	" The human species or perhaps some other species . "
tr	NNS	A strange tightness clenched his gut .
tr	NNS	The letters were falling down from the darkness , and the drizzle was turning into a torrent .
tr	NN	The clearing was silent but for the sound of birds .
tr	NNS	My teal scales slowly disappeared as my legs split .
tr	NN	The young elf stirred in her sleep and then opened her clear grey eyes .
tr	NNS	Soft leather seats cushioned every curve of my body as I leaned back against the headrest .
tr	NN	Of what was now raging inside him : a multitude of forces seemed to churn within , fighting for supremacy over him .
tr	NNS	Krauss commands and the girl screams , pulls on her father .
tr	NN	The rope was twisting around her hand , trying to hold it as well .
tr	NNS	The silvery strands faded .
tr	NNS	Cars came and went .
tr	NN	A splinter pierced my heart .
tr	NN	There was a taint about them and that had raised my hackles .
tr	NNS	" All passengers come to the gate at this time . "
tr	NNS	Things got worse when I let slip about the note .
tr	NNS	The entire male species merely horrid beings meant to do nothing more than destroy all that existed around them .
tr	NN	" My uncle taught me .
tr	NN	The drill sergeant marched them outside of the classroom to a grass field next to the building .
tr	NNS	There were no roads I could see , or signposts , or even footpaths .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared with a mixture of anger and irritation .
tr	NN	" Ok , so be it .
tr	NNS	" Good day Jett , good day Avery Rose , who is your other companion , please ? "
tr	NN	How could Jensen and I spending the evening together be anything but a train wreck ?
tr	NNS	Were the changes really so obvious ?
tr	NNS	There are alligators in the lakes , and water moccasins , too -- " Now I did turn from the window .
tr	NN	Jac 's praise was like water to a drowning man .
tr	NNS	Looks like the bastard 's home .
tr	NN	There was no mistaking Rinaldi 's defensive posture , or the unspoken challenge in his eyes .
tr	NNS	And those antagonistic aliens -- which were essentially asterisks -- flickered across the screen like expiring fluorescent bulbs .
tr	NNS	The saints etched into the windows seemed to glare at Hanna in judgment .
tr	NNS	Others have taken a career -- merchant or something , and made money like that .
tr	NN	The maid knocked on her door , but Yvette ignored it .
tr	NNS	Things got a little testy in there , as you can imagine . "
tr	NN	Before she could say anything , her daddy started tickling her , and she giggled until she couldn 't breathe .
tr	NN	This pit was not a common drift of moon dust , but an enormous ravine , apparently stretching for kilometers in every direction .
tr	NNS	And antibiotics weren 't cheap !
tr	NNS	And -- much worse -- attendance among the older audience members had started to decline even after the second concert .
tr	NN	The pilot saw it and said , " Hang on ! "
tr	NNS	The elves must never know steam is kaput !
tr	NN	" A Confederate cavalry commander had captured twelve men of the Ringgold Cavalry .
tr	NN	When she opened them , the knight was standing only several feet away .
tr	NNS	The gates of hell were parting .
tr	NNS	Moses just rested his chin on the window ledge and looked blankly back at them .
tr	NNS	The whispers in his head turned to a possessive roar .
tr	NN	" Yes ... the policeman said he 'd found a letter on the passenger seat .
tr	NN	Burning steam filled Cassius 's chest like Mt. Vesuvius .
tr	NN	My spine snapped straight and I felt my teeth grind together .
tr	NN	The recording ended and so did the conversation .
tr	NN	The naked lust blazing in the dark depths of his eyes nearly had her body rippling with shock .
tr	NN	The whole snow shelf then simply gave way , careening over the edge .
tr	NN	But deliberate or not , his libido and blood pressure spiked and his throat closed up .
tr	NNS	Waves crashed against the boat .
tr	NNS	The hits didn 't sting anymore .
tr	NNS	Witches typically can cast spells and use potions .
tr	NN	Gentlemen , would a government where both truth and opinion ever be possible ? "
tr	NN	The headmaster snatched Timmy by the ear and dragged him off amidst a harsh tirade of damning words .
tr	NN	Your grandmother said my father 's called four times already . "
tr	NNS	Sadness weighted her chest as the understanding dawned .
tr	NNS	My siblings never really kept in touch and there was no real love there .
tr	NN	The cloaked rider stopped a couple dozen paces away and dismounted .
tr	NNS	What were the ghosts going to do ?
tr	NNS	Contemporary appliances made me feel a little out of my element .
tr	NNS	The wolves were all different , because they were spirit wolves and reflected the man they were inside . "
tr	NN	The referee blew the whistle .
tr	NN	The guilt that settled on my chest was making it hard to breathe .
tr	NNS	Obtaining and printing facts by any means possible , even if they revealed others ' failings , hardly qualified him for sainthood .
tr	NN	The granola bars we had earlier barely touched the surface of my hunger .
tr	NN	" And your sensitivity to her presence , your ability to see things , as you said .
tr	NN	The chatting stopped when Elaina brought them each a bowl of soup and a thick slice of bread .
tr	NN	The umbrella , however , eventually decided to behave itself , and Michael placed it over Frances 's head , to shield her from the elements .
tr	NN	The only requirement was that the sender and receiver had to possess the same collection of disks and arrange them in the same order .
tr	NNS	For the first time , the strong man 's boldness failed and his face showed fear .
tr	NN	His electromagnetic pulse crippled us and now you know the rest . "
tr	NNS	The barks of the trees felt good beneath his fingers .
tr	NN	Then the pulse faded to a weak frequency , but she knew that in its power lay the possibility of invisibility .
tr	NN	Part of her wanted to argue with him , say she 'd already made up her mind .
tr	NN	The static is so severe that I can hardly understand what he 's saying .
tr	NN	Twisting his body to the side , Link narrowly avoids one of the projectiles while shooting down the other .
tr	NNS	Things around him started spinning and he slumped to his hands and knees again .
tr	NNS	Things aren 't obviously different , all of a sudden .
tr	NN	" Thirty-one , " stated the vice .
tr	NN	Inside the room there was a massive crash .
tr	NNS	Even before the FBI confirmed that the hearts represented actual murders , the media had conceived and birthed a monster .
tr	NN	Her grandmother waved her back , shaking her head firmly .
tr	NNS	Both instances had been a lesson in pain , but neither compared to Aden 's own stabbing , when his body had been the one violated .
tr	NN	Terror tore through her at the thought .
tr	NN	The maid was protective of her mistress ' secrets , which said something about how the servants viewed Aphrodite .
tr	NNS	The gems tumbled out , smooth and cool , and with them a shining coil of gold -- the twin to Arlen 's charm .
tr	NN	A huge alligator lumbered across the road .
tr	NNS	The shots were even closer still .
tr	NNS	The ethylene levels were rising and seismic activity , well , it was hard to tell , but it seemed to be on the upswing .
tr	NN	The snack dampens my hunger for a while , but , inevitably , night falls and the song takes up its willowy call .
tr	NN	One yard had a large inflated black cat .
tr	NNS	If my brother didn 't already suspect something was up , my actions gave it away immediately .
tr	NNS	Both planes will fly back together . "
tr	NN	" The first requirement is ... you cannot tell anyone where and how you obtained the information .
tr	NNS	Looks like I 'll need some work .
tr	NN	There is no other logical explanation for the presence of the second man , since he had the training and skill to escape us . "
tr	NN	Their acid caught morning sun and sparkled , descending , and a hot grey cloud of smoke and agony rose in its wake .
tr	NN	The artifact was still on his head .
tr	NN	" Only the info you already knew .
tr	NNS	Hard , guttural sobs wracked her body as Connor rocked her back and forth .
tr	NNS	Romulus saved but a few weapons for later .
tr	NN	My weakness angers him . "
tr	NNS	Muscles bunched in his jaws , and he made a cutting gesture with the edge of his hand .
tr	NNS	The wind sprites flowing and ever changing colorful hair seemed to mold together with the woman on the wind .
tr	NN	The baby gryphon seemed to sense the change too .
tr	NNS	" Two objects can 't exist in the same space at the same time .
tr	NN	If the refugees decide they want to go back home , then aid will stop .
tr	NN	The smells are whispering to me , but I can 't understand what they are saying .
tr	NN	Its black fur rippled with huge muscles , as if a hundred crawling snakes lived under the midnight coat .
tr	NNS	Thoughts ran through my head : there was a fire in my building , or a neighbor was being attacked and needed help .
tr	NN	The theory was sorely flawed .
tr	NNS	" Only lovers die lonely deaths . "
tr	NN	the leader yelled to his men .
tr	NN	Their hatred ran deep .
tr	NNS	The air grew colder , star-like flakes descended , gracing the branches with a crystalline embrace .
tr	NN	Finally , Victor spoke again , " My debt remains unpaid . "
tr	NNS	His eyelids were once again the only thing in front of his eyes .
tr	NNS	His kisses were delicious .
tr	NNS	The taps came harder , faster , his touch no longer that of a boy 's fingers , but now heavy and strong .
tr	NNS	Others decide to go Daimon .
tr	NNS	A couple drinks are okay .
tr	NN	The wraith gave him a quick nod of thanks before resuming the fight .
tr	NN	Thus , Death as an ultimate end was unavoidable .
tr	NNS	" The fees still amount to a hundred sixty dollars .
tr	NNS	The images of what happened -- of what I did -- kept playing in my mind over and over .
tr	NN	I mean , the concept is absurd .
tr	NNS	The neckline dips , forming a thin V as it comes across my chest and down to my waist .
tr	NNS	Sirens blare above the crackling of fire .
tr	NNS	The healers figure that it 's been poisoning him , warping his sense of reality .
tr	NNS	Doors lined each side , though they were farther apart than in any hotel she 'd stayed in .
tr	NNS	But the side effects were devastating .
tr	NNS	Soldiers fell all around the room , some with shards of mortar and wood imbedded in their torsos , others bleeding from the eyes and nose .
tr	NN	" Love , in my experience , " began Clarence , " generally is a series of zany hijinks . "
tr	NN	" Business " again .
tr	NNS	Others also stopped and began to listen .
tr	NNS	Lots of them old plantation houses had escape tunnels to get away from the rebel raiders during the Revolution .
tr	NNS	As many of you know , my cousins and I have published a great variety of books since starting Campfire Publishing .
tr	NNS	Others simply want your power to enhance their own .
tr	NN	The entire balcony shuddered with the force of the blow .
tr	NNS	Ahead , the floors were muddy and sloped downwards .
tr	NN	Sweet Dove led the way , walking with a confident stride in her cream skirt and gold bra , with her mounds of fiery hair .
tr	NNS	The rites demanded that he fast until arrival .
tr	NN	The blazing firestorm here was pushing up a column of hot air .
tr	NNS	As Cass leaned down to pick up his stuff , his sunglasses tipped off his head .
tr	NNS	White tongues licked around them lazily , confident of their claim , drawing smugly back into the mass of darkness with a menacing hiss .
tr	NNS	The elves sounded high clear trumpet notes as they approached .
tr	NN	that the Death of the Discworld , for reasons of his own , once rescued a baby girl and took her to his home between the dimensions .
tr	NN	Her hunger for him made Chase dizzy , wild with disbelief , breathless with anticipation .
tr	NN	Instead a low growl came from the depth of his helm .
tr	NN	The cart turned right on the next street .
tr	NNS	Most striking , however , was the fateful pair of eyes set in his skull , following Kane to challenge him for all eternity .
tr	NNS	Things were running exactly to plan .
tr	NN	At this Toby felt a tingle down the spine , though hoped Vernon didn 't notice him squirm in his chair to give himself away .
tr	NN	His adrenaline kicked in and he folded back the sheet and sat on the edge of the bed .
tr	NNS	Their personal items littered the floor .
tr	NN	the gas tank exploded .
tr	NN	The rotating fan kept the air circulating , pulling in the spiraling smoke and dispersing it along the ceiling .
tr	NNS	' How did these weak , puny creatures manage this ? '
tr	NN	I enjoy our games C the hunt , the traps , the fights .
tr	NN	" Did the dragon teach you that before he pushed you to your knees ? "
tr	NN	The hound liked to curl up near the fire in the winter , or lie on his back in a sunbeam in the warmer months .
tr	NNS	Where were the cameras ?
tr	NNS	So long ago , so many roads traveled and so many lives lost for the sake of one child .
tr	NN	The routine was the same as the previous night except this time they set up a large tent that had been hidden in the desert previously .
tr	NN	The television was on but he wasn 't watching it .
tr	NNS	He had to admit , the emptiness of the wide space was more than a bit eerie .
tr	NNS	My fingernails press painfully into my palms .
tr	NN	His chosen mate knew how to please him very well .
tr	NNS	There were probably servants lurking in the corridors .
tr	NNS	" The chips are kind of stale and the cheese is from a can , but it 's a lot less dangerous to your health . "
tr	NN	His employer eyed him impatiently .
tr	NNS	" But everything about the twins looks wonderful .
tr	NN	The Book and the Reader I couldn 't bring myself to move for the longest time .
tr	NNS	Her socks ground inside her Converse sneakers like sandpaper , her fingernails filled up with grit , even her mouth tasted of sand .
tr	NN	The tour took nearly half an hour .
tr	NNS	She fixed him with her golden eyes and said , " Even the elves don 't lie . "
tr	NN	The priest wished us well , and then he , too , simply disappeared .
tr	NNS	Flames roared out the exterior walls and obliterated the roof .
tr	NN	His first instinct was to kick it , but with Claire watching , that would hardly make a good impression .
tr	NN	The new hairstyle had been an extravagance she regretted .
tr	NNS	On day four , the witnesses called were there to testify for Alexis ' character .
tr	NN	The Imp recorder was a way to trick panic-stricken fools into giving over evidence .
tr	NN	In his lap was the half-formed raven , its head tilted back , beak agape .
tr	NN	I 'm , ah , I am a little rusty around people I guess . "
tr	NN	Next to Dean , a stocky brunette tackled Mike and sat on his chest , slapping away the hands of several other girls .
tr	NNS	Where were her sandals ?
tr	NN	The hunger must be coming upon her , too .
tr	NN	What was his agenda ? "
tr	NNS	Gramps isn 't here .
tr	NNS	A loud crash downstairs tore him away from her .
tr	NNS	" Exactly how many wolves have worn this before me ? "
tr	NNS	Biohazard signs started to appear overhead .
tr	NN	Look here , partner Elijah .
tr	NNS	Their seats had been a couple of rows up from the fence in the right-center field bleachers .
tr	NN	After she leaves , my grandmother points to one of the wicker couches .
tr	NN	The ranch has cows , from which they get milk , butter , and cheese .
tr	NNS	And then images replaced the words -- of being pushed in the mud , slandered and insulted , of being hated and ridiculed .
tr	NN	His pulse thumped rapidly .
tr	NN	My fingertips itch but nothing like the electricity of before flows .
tr	NN	The town 's sheriff , David Turner , walked into the store , tipping his hat at the sisters .
tr	NN	" Ok , but ... " " Here 's a list of people I want you to invite . "
tr	NN	The railing ended a few feet ahead of me at the top of an equally rusty ladder , which led down onto the slated sloping roof .
tr	NN	Her new deputy threw them an odd look , but said nothing .
tr	NNS	The other three strips of metal around the windowpane came out easily then , as did the rectangle of glass .
tr	NNS	Lots stay in the forest .
tr	NN	And the celebration for a new emperor would not be one to miss , sir . "
tr	NN	A few nicely wrapped gifts found stuffed in a cardboard box in a closet couldn 't change that .
tr	NNS	Then , images flashed through his mind of Monika ... Monika , scratching that little spot .
tr	NN	The dragon set her wings to catch the wind , and the boat slowly came around to face the oncoming waves .
tr	NNS	Things just happen one after the other .
tr	NN	' When you executed your piercing , ' Love said .
tr	NNS	" Why are the servants all about so early ? "
tr	NNS	The twins dominated the conversation at the table , but Sarah welcomed the distraction as it eased the tension that was building inside of herself .
tr	NNS	Things were going pretty smooth between Jed and Joshua and they spent as much time with each other as they could over the next few weeks .
tr	NNS	" There are no ghosts anymore . "
tr	NNS	" Things are beginning to make a lot more sense now . "
tr	NN	" Part of the plan , " Bill said , though he was smiling .
tr	NNS	Things got worse from there .
tr	NNS	The squirrels finished up and scurried off .
tr	NNS	Girls in love are like ticking time bombs .
tr	NN	Chance took the lead again , but this time he tested the path with dead limbs and heavy bark .
tr	NN	The rich fragrance of sex rose up around them and he drew in a deep breath .
tr	NN	The dead man 's flashlight had fallen from his hand .
tr	NNS	The nurses are calling it shock , but I know that 's not it .
tr	NNS	Once the announcer and the referee were done with their parts , both boxers were waiting for the bell to ring .
tr	NN	Her pulse hiked up a decimal point or two .
tr	NNS	So , instead of clapping , our fans would shout the name of whatever song they wanted to hear next .
tr	NN	Love does not keep a record of wrongs ... " Did I listen to any of my words ?
tr	NNS	The servants must be in despair by now , wondering what had become of their mistress .
tr	NN	Having come to their decision , there was no hesitation and they moved with a speed that human beings could not duplicate .
tr	NNS	Holiday 's footsteps on moist earth made squishy sounds , as if Kylie 's question had added a weight to her step .
tr	NNS	Slowly , almost too slowly , the locks were clicking one by one .
tr	NN	Did that decline as you got older ? "
tr	NN	Or so her daddy always said .
tr	NN	String theory works in something like nine dimensions , maybe one of those dimensions is the Anima Mundi and occasionally it interacts with us .
tr	NN	The countryside looked as if a large white quilt had spread upon the ground .
tr	NNS	Though they were all aware of the monsters now within the room , the creatures still did not move .
tr	NN	When he pulled back , the cocky look in his eyes - the arrogant bastard !
tr	NNS	The cards kept falling , the juke kept playing , and Dutch kept buzzing .
tr	NN	The wing on that side arose from his back and spread forward , as if tied to the motion of his arm .
tr	NNS	Flames erupted from beneath the hood .
tr	NNS	Somehow , cowboy hats and Duke graduate school just didn 't go together .
tr	NNS	There are some historic spots around here . '
tr	NN	The only newbie I had any interest in was my next trainee , but we wouldn 't be paired up until tomorrow .
tr	NNS	The cells had passed on the message to the tissues and the dance had started to happen ... !
tr	NNS	" The origins are able to pick up thoughts .
tr	NN	the commander asked , taking in all of the strange things around him .
tr	NN	His tie flapped over his shoulder .
tr	NN	" The bastard actually said no . "
tr	NN	A tourist bumped into him on his way there .
tr	NN	A winner not a loser .
tr	NNS	The Delphi Center 's electronic gates parted .
tr	NN	An angry scowl disfigured its dark face .
tr	NN	The Vampire in the chair howled in agony .
tr	NNS	Marius stared at the distant house .
tr	NN	His forearm rested over mine on the armrest and he began massaging the sensitive skin between my fingers with his own .
tr	NNS	Marius reached over and grabbed her leather belt to keep her from falling out .
tr	NNS	Like an adjusting magnifying glass , the stone creatures came into view .
tr	NN	When danger arises , the mystic sets his sword 's blade ablaze in a single thought . "
tr	NNS	" My mother 's distant relatives live there .
tr	NNS	Alexis says as she shakes her head .
tr	NN	Maybe by then the electricity will be on and he can charge his cell phone or call friends in Valdosta to find out what has happened .
tr	NN	The TV had good signal because of the built-in antenna , but Lea didn 't care about it too much .
tr	NNS	The spikes made a sickening squishing sound as they turned the thing 's head to mush .
tr	NN	My euphoria lasts only until we 've reached the ship out in orbit .
tr	NN	There was a bright rug on the floor and a mirrored cupboard on one wall .
tr	NNS	Things were much simpler for a robot .
tr	NN	His wing was not strong enough for him to fly a long distance .
tr	NNS	Things between us were still awkward , but it was only polite to say , " We should walk together . "
tr	NNS	Three nurses or doctors dressed in fatigues , masks , gloves and other paraphernalia rushed by and the pair were alone .
tr	NN	Frantic progress now seized the royal household .
tr	NN	" I , er , look , let me give you my email address .
tr	NNS	Lots of people look at me and him and they don 't really get it . "
tr	NN	Sweet Dove intruded once more , approaching the table and stroking Reyes 's thigh .
tr	NNS	There were traits and attitudes I required for my hard-won survival .
tr	NNS	Hands pulled him up from his knees and onto the bed .
tr	NN	The ritual isn 't in the house .
tr	NN	" Happy birthday to you - " " Louder ! "
tr	NNS	The personal servants of the Queen always wear red , white , and blue . "
tr	NN	Then a rope snaked out over his head and landed right beside Willy who was trying desperately to swim in the muck .
tr	NNS	A gaping emptiness filled him ; he would not be able to sing tonight , nor play his lute .
tr	NNS	Things must have been serious because his stoic face didn 't crack a smile .
tr	NNS	Images of a broken jaw , or missing teeth , filled my mind .
tr	NN	Another roar of laughter went up .
tr	NNS	" His prints were all over the place .
tr	NNS	Cadmus subtly moved to my side .
tr	NNS	" Witches and spirits , " Logan said beside him .
tr	NNS	The warriors near Anderson drew back with fear .
tr	NN	Local municipal government had no explanation for the outage .
tr	NN	Because the Golden Vine Ring 's cluster contained only precious opal and Sini slept with the Ring off , then only one viable explanation existed .
tr	NN	There was a rap on the door .
tr	NN	The agony dripping off each word makes my hands shake .
tr	NNS	These hula hoops are specially made so that they fill up with blood when you dunk them .
tr	NNS	The wolves went on the hunt again .
tr	NNS	The signs told them that it was a small group .
tr	NNS	The traitors paid dearly . "
tr	NN	The wave pattern still indicated a comatose state .
tr	NN	The yard is empty , save for the two corpses .
tr	NNS	Even in summer , their peaks and upper slopes were still white with snow .
tr	NN	Like he really wanted to do you this favor . "
tr	NNS	The linked deaths include a nearly even 18 women and 21 men .
tr	NN	At this point the author had reached an agony of creation and was writing from the racked depths of their soul .
tr	NNS	The wolves rushed alongside ; darting out and back with eagerness .
tr	NN	The surgeon explained that the kick had loosened the spine and with proper exercise he should be back to normal .
tr	NNS	And then the cousins heard a language very similar to their own Bulgarian .
tr	NN	The senator repeated the information into the phone .
tr	NNS	Dull classes , watching the news as I ignored the teacher .
tr	NNS	Cassius turned his gun from Dennis and pointed it in the direction of another council member and fired .
tr	NNS	The grey drops , coloured with a mixture of eyeliner and foundation , splashed into the basin .
tr	NNS	Starbucks might be taking over the planet , but the citizens of Dundee still patronized Don and Tami 's Bakery .
tr	NNS	" Sir , the members are still out on a hunt .
tr	NNS	By day visitors were clearly visible at least two hundred yards away , and after dark night-vision enhancement picked them up only a little closer .
tr	NNS	The juices begin to gather between my legs .
tr	NNS	Things could have gone much better at this end .
tr	NN	The Empire has no friends in the world , so we need not worry about anyone being angry with us .
tr	NN	Physical exercise is good for me and I refused to be deprived of an enjoyable walk just because there was a chance of an awkward encounter .
tr	NN	When that happens , your mate won 't be able to stop me .
tr	NN	" Not that many people wil know about it , so it doesn 't fil up til late , when the music gets loud . "
tr	NN	The audience laughed and fixed their caps .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids flew open .
tr	NN	Her method of preventing that was fairly direct .
tr	NNS	Rich Tuscan landscape paintings and tapestries hung on the walls , and simple arrangements of fresh flowers rested on low tables .
tr	NN	But after many sleepless days and nights , the pilot emerged into the canteen from the front of the ship and shook his head .
tr	NN	Where 's your fiddle ? "
tr	NNS	Around them , insects hummed and buzzed .
tr	NN	Her grandmother didn 't seem to know about digital .
tr	NNS	The fairies cured me ?
tr	NN	With them was a man in workmen 's clothes , a dusty canvas apron wrapped round his waist and a leather tool bag on his belt .
tr	NNS	And on the uniforms had been a ... cross emblem .
tr	NNS	The mattress dipped slightly under her sister 's weight .
tr	NNS	The pills I 'd taken my entire life .
tr	NNS	Heather 's movements were making me crazy , so I stopped wasting time .
tr	NNS	Although she couldn 't see them , the frost wraiths ' stinging bites penetrated the skin on her fingers and toes .
tr	NN	Part of her wanted to , knowing what he would want after the kiss .
tr	NN	A sliver of light shone through the blackness of the day .
tr	NNS	And the emptiness hurt .
tr	NNS	Alexis was a beautiful girl .
tr	NNS	Still , ladies , anything can happen , so watch for him on the street and send me updates !
tr	NN	Ok , " I placed my index finger on my chin .
tr	NNS	But Edward Corwin 's attempts to ward off bad spirits make sense .
tr	NN	An independent consultant had ascribed net worth to both companies .
tr	NN	Her spine snapped straight .
tr	NN	The map of the town is vaguely etched in my mind .
tr	NNS	Actually , most species on Amazon have the ability to detect magnetic fields , so they can know when to dodge a huge space rock . "
tr	NN	The courtyard wasn 't one of my usual walking spots , but I seemed to remember a small retaining pond here before .
tr	NNS	Their shouts ring out across the deck .
tr	NN	" There 's a tribe of rollers off that way . "
tr	NN	Part of her job was to understand the opposition so she could better argue the possible points brought up .
tr	NNS	Sometimes , servants glanced at each other in the corridors and their eyes met for a moment , causing their fear to disappear .
tr	NN	" This doesn 't make any sense , " the sheriff said .
tr	NNS	All the same , the pirates were gaining on us .
tr	NNS	Other Worlds , I have seen Other Worlds !
tr	NN	" And what , s this , I don , t even know what this is . "
tr	NN	The lieutenant pulled his hand down .
tr	NNS	Flowers were everywhere near a spot at the front , and a podium had been placed there .
tr	NN	" The likes of those wouldn 't last long against demons ! "
tr	NNS	In her experience , random murders were rare , especially when theft wasn 't a motive .
tr	NNS	" What are my chances realistically ? "
tr	NN	The big rocky limb was large enough to flatten half of her with one blow .
tr	NNS	The pressure suits made it difficult to clasp each other tightly , but neither cared .
tr	NNS	There were several restaurants with outdoor patios , hosting patrons who were laughing , drinking , and enjoying life .
tr	NN	My pulse spiked as I broke Mike 's embrace and looked up at him , our eyes connecting .
tr	NNS	The floors were polished oak .
tr	NN	" What ' unforgivable folly ' did you commit that time ? "
tr	NN	The gleam faded from his eyes , and they went dim and grey , old and tired .
tr	NN	Arun the helper walked up to the Lama and whispered in his ear .
tr	NN	The roar gradually dissipated , becoming a gravel undercurrent far below .
tr	NNS	There 're elaborate character traits and we have a character sheet for each character .
tr	NN	" My daddy died when I was a child . "
tr	NN	A train whistle sounded and Becky pulled the wagon to a halt .
tr	NN	" No shit it 's almost over , we - " " Sit tight , " the Syndicate pilot barks over the comm .
tr	NNS	Things I am told not to say . "
tr	NNS	These ladies need showing the way out , Brian . '
tr	NNS	" The pills on the table and smell of alcohol would make toxic overdose the obvious COD . "
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , the werewolves at the door hadn 't frozen .
tr	NN	This diary is his present to me .
tr	NN	There was a strange serenity in their depths .
tr	NN	There was a clatter , and she knew she had knocked the man 's sword from his hand .
tr	NN	The roar in his stomach was a certain reminder .
tr	NN	But the guilt goes even deeper than that .
tr	NNS	And there were even some indications that he was treating her differently from regular church members .
tr	NNS	Two figures stepped out from behind the chopper 's tail rotor .
tr	NN	The raised ranch in the suburbs of Metropolitan City was suddenly alive with moving shadows .
tr	NN	The other Assassin , a knife fighter , ducked in and deflected her strike .
tr	NNS	Flames danced across the blank page .
tr	NNS	His chances of getting a seat in this crush , he thought , looked pretty unlikely .
tr	NNS	Smells good , " I said as I sat down and took a bite .
tr	NN	Obviously , the beating he took while being questioned has taken its toll on the scientist .
tr	NNS	The satellites that hook the entire world together will be the targeting devices .
tr	NN	Yea , a thief shall reveal thieves ! '
tr	NNS	Their mothers cupped their hands over the little ones ' mouths .
tr	NNS	Instead , couples began standing up in their seats or wherever else there was space .
tr	NNS	Words in bits of code soon altered to evolve into a more personal form .
tr	NN	" Love does not act improperly ... .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids looked smoky and sultry , her cheekbones were sharply defined , and her lips were full and downright kissable .
tr	NNS	Some ghosts accumulate enough energy that even a normal has been able to see them . "
tr	NNS	Dogs can live on table scraps , which people have , and do not need hay , which they don 't .
tr	NNS	" The bits you discovered are only a portion of a larger and vastly more complicated program .
tr	NNS	Barring the attic window and changing the locks wouldn 't keep him out .
tr	NNS	The pills were mostly prescription strength antacids .
tr	NN	The real estate agent said that in the old days it showed you had insurance .
tr	NNS	" Easy classes , " Alisa said .
tr	NNS	A few drops brought the color back to her face .
tr	NN	To the right of the cave opening , a narrow ledge extended around the mountain .
tr	NNS	Angry butterflies exploded in Dean 's gut , turning his insides to mush .
tr	NN	" A weakness , " laughed Cloud , " I 'd call it a helpless failing . "
tr	NN	The poor bastard had to walk for 100 hours , marching back and forth on the weekends , unable to talk to anyone .
tr	NN	Part of what I love about San Francisco is that you don 't have to be the same as everyone else . "
tr	NNS	Obviously the cameras can 't pick up everything .
tr	NN	A tremor shuddered through her .
tr	NN	" ll make sure Lucas is there ! "
tr	NN	The absurdity of the situation brought bouts of nervous laughter but the reality brought the tears .
tr	NN	Luca 's clothing store .
tr	NN	The new suspect may have actually committed the murders that Shutter was accused of . "
tr	NN	The attorney agreed and left the visitors room , Steve taken back to his cell , which reminded him of all he fought to escape in Vietnam .
tr	NN	Her suffering beat at him , making him forget all about his own paltry problems .
tr	NNS	My nostrils flared as I breathed it in .
tr	NN	The arrangement worked well for them both .
tr	NNS	The hackles went up across Jax 's shoulders , a low growl rippling from his throat .
tr	NN	There was a tap on the door .
tr	NN	" Two unpaid speeding tickets . "
tr	NN	" There 's a castle in Missouri ! "
tr	NNS	millions of dollars were on the line .
tr	NN	That fellow on the left has had his nose broken at least once . "
tr	NNS	The documents in it were as dull as the rest .
tr	NNS	" Things weren 't already wild ? "
tr	NN	Her pained sob filled the room , and she finally fell to the floor , her hand sticky with her own blood .
tr	NN	The wet rag felt exactly like a wet rag .
tr	NNS	Where were their priorities ?
tr	NNS	Looks like ... well I don 't know what it is .
tr	NNS	Her burns had been from a house fire when she was young , not an explosion in the Poconos .
tr	NN	My greatest difficulty was distinguishing my guide from myself ; I don 't know if this is a common problem , I expect it is .
tr	NNS	Some couples stayed behind by the fire , holding hands or disappearing together into the shadows .
tr	NN	The passion they felt for each other was intoxicating , something entirely different from what she 'd felt with Brian .
tr	NN	" At the orphanage , our presiding priest was old and pretty tame .
tr	NNS	" Only because both situations put you in position to end up in trouble . "
tr	NNS	Others pulled out their phones and started to text .
tr	NNS	Marius clapped and rubbed his hands together .
tr	NNS	The rolls on the fat son of a bitch shake as he eyes me then Rachel .
tr	NNS	Two figures stood in the shadows nearby .
tr	NN	There was a beautifully framed photo of Neve on the mantelpiece with a vase of glowing yellow daffodils beside it .
tr	NN	The airport eat it ? "
tr	NN	The jazz trio finished up a number that most likely came from The Exorcist soundtrack , and asked for silence .
tr	NNS	The yacht was stationary , head to wind , the sails rattling as the wind slipped by .
tr	NNS	Rawlings went to the center of the room and cleared his throat .
tr	NN	The captain is trying to save you the only way he knows how . "
tr	NN	The regiment was short of everything : spare parts , ammo , clothes , food , and , in his opinion , leadership .
tr	NN	The inspector bolted to his feet .
tr	NN	the inspector asked with sarcasm .
tr	NNS	The other pirates hesitated before going in , gathering at the doorway , and just pushing their prisoners in before them .
tr	NNS	But as you know , rescue attempts over the past year have resulted in pirate deaths .
tr	NNS	" The elevators are just down the hall . "
tr	NN	" And you take a cut , " Stacy 's uncle clarified .
tr	NN	Not that Kari hadn " t thought about his full mouth on hers , demanding as her fingers gripping his long midnight hair .
tr	NNS	The ladies looked in my direction just as I was adjusting my face from a scowl to a smile .
tr	NN	If this goes off O.K. , there 's a reward for you -- remember that . "
tr	NN	The sentence is that you be taken to the State 's Prison at Joliet and there confined during the term of your natural lives . "
tr	NN	The dragon roared in pain as he lost his bowels over the battlefield .
tr	NNS	The boys ' jaws dropped in shock and one of them gave Aidan a pained face .
tr	NNS	His contract negotiations hinged on the sheik 's favor , and thus , the sheik 's son 's favor as well .
tr	NNS	The ladies at the end of the bar frowned , one of them getting to her feet like she was going to walk over .
tr	NN	Andre 's unexpected simplicity of a solution was tempting .
tr	NN	Another rogue rushed him from behind , and before I could shout a warning , the rogue drove a spiked weapon of some kind into his back .
tr	NN	That map had to be prepared and I spent all night at it . "
tr	NN	The suspended beating of her heart broke into an erratic pounding when he spoke again .
tr	NNS	" The shots you attempted were crazy . "
tr	NN	A fake centurion . "
tr	NNS	With distinction , me sources tell me .
tr	NN	" The idiot returned to London only to leave straight away for a party . " "
tr	NN	Her grandmother nodded and , good as her word , she left the room .
tr	NN	My grandma is always stuffing me with food .
tr	NNS	Your actions must never bring harm upon us - direct or indirect .
tr	NNS	Although these popular libation containers were similar in purpose their contents varied widely in ingredients and octane .
tr	NN	The curb at the pre-school is chaos .
tr	NNS	" What do your instincts tell you now ? "
tr	NNS	Miraculously , the creatures who spent their lives underground avoided him ; dirt did not cling to his body or his clothing .
tr	NN	Though she didn 't know it , his injury was much better than before .
tr	NN	" What is my aura doing now ? "
tr	NN	Terror gave him strength enough for the moment , but if the fight didn 't change in the next few seconds , he was a dead man .
tr	NN	A great surgeon is a great ' artist and has the temperament of one . "
tr	NN	My other riding boot stood in the middle of the hallway near my bedroom door .
tr	NN	The disgust was all too reminiscent of her childhood .
tr	NNS	Two sixth grade pupils pulled the ropes to raise the flag while the pupils sang the anthem with their right palm on their chest .
tr	NNS	" Libby , our rockets are heavily damaged .
tr	NNS	" By the way , two other ladies came in yesterday and did the same thing . "
tr	NNS	Things got serious very fast .
tr	NN	What if the spider is waiting down there ?
tr	NNS	Chills shot all over her body like red embers , burning every inch of her .
tr	NNS	" Bugs , how could you hire that plank ?
tr	NN	Unknown : Don 't think you 've gotten out of our run today .
tr	NNS	The blonde ladies did a lot of sulking , as I recall .
tr	NNS	Things are changing faster than ever ; we 'll have to be ready for whatever comes . '
tr	NNS	One violent pull apiece from the things and she 'd be in the alien garbage .
tr	NN	The priest might refuse to perform the ceremony . '
tr	NNS	Many religious scholars believed that this mythical river was the Indus River , where the exiled Greeks made their new home .
tr	NNS	There were no street signs to tell Mac where he was .
tr	NN	" When Señor Diego was called to Spain , his granddaughter was too young to manage the affairs of such a large ranch .
tr	NNS	The blazes glowed from the path .
tr	NNS	Two swimming pools , tennis , climbing walls , sparring rooms , heavy bag rooms , basketball ; the list went on and on .
tr	NNS	For a while there , those drugs had me thinking I was gon na leave her .
tr	NN	The captain caught Ezio 's eye as he approached .
tr	NN	A black marble headstone marked Kyle Bowden 's final resting place .
tr	NN	When the last of the seniors had taken their seats , the audience burst into applause .
tr	NN	The dark clothing blended so well with the darkness that it took Sean a moment to spot him .
tr	NN	A final lever tripped , and a box burst open with a puff of smoke and a ball of glittering paper , which exploded over the room .
tr	NNS	Within moments , our other Pack wolves returned his song .
tr	NNS	Several pupils , in their teens , stood aside for him .
tr	NN	My husband hadn " t met him , but their two firms were ... " She gestured vaguely .
tr	NN	The bold bravado that can take you through the night .
tr	NNS	Thoughts occupied his mind for a few moments , and then , as the cigarette burned his fingers , he came back to reality .
tr	NN	The knight pulled her arm out , massaging it all the way down .
tr	NN	The only option was to kidnap him and petition the gods to make him immortal .
tr	NNS	The next few flicks of his tongue had her moaning his name .
tr	NNS	And cats could climb !
tr	NNS	When they descended beneath the clouds , the vast oceans and city lights came into view .
tr	NNS	Soft , tender kisses weren 't on the agenda .
tr	NNS	Lights shone down and soldiers got sucked out of the ship .
tr	NNS	Rufus looked and sounded just like his mama .
tr	NNS	No strings attached . "
tr	NNS	The other two vials are vaccines .
tr	NNS	And then my unemployment checks ran out , followed a few months later by my moderate savings .
tr	NNS	Things were erupting after you disappeared .
tr	NN	Becky baked a cream sponge for after the high tea having scoured the shops for anything fancier and found nothing in the virtually empty bakery stores .
tr	NNS	Things just became more difficult .
tr	NN	A slushy layer of newly fallen snow covers the ground .
tr	NN	The loudspeaker announced the next group , and a few minutes later we heard the starting gun pop , and Natalie 's team took off .
tr	NNS	" Told you classes were dangerous .
tr	NN	" That lad Digby is a fine swordsman ... . "
tr	NNS	Flames started licking my skin , burning half of my flesh .
tr	NN	A tremor moved through her .
tr	NNS	Our movements are gradual and careful but we have to get out of here before the two I just killed are missed .
tr	NN	" There 's no divorce in our world and a marriage ain 't real until after the couple do the deed .
tr	NNS	But the swamps are an ally .
tr	NNS	If wishes were like horses , beggars would ride .
tr	NN	But your grandma wouldn 't let me have one .
tr	NNS	Small areas steamed as the moisture made its way back into the air .
tr	NN	The Hermetic tradition comes from a mysterious place somewhere back long before any historian will ever admit there were civilizations with advanced learning .
tr	NNS	" We all do , " Selene said , eyelids lowered .
tr	NN	The cottage went very still .
tr	NNS	Heavy footsteps stomped behind them .
tr	NNS	His father 's spies were everywhere , looking for his betraying son .
tr	NNS	There were bikes in the driveway .
tr	NNS	Though , of course , it gets hotter than that occasionally , to a New Yorker ninety degrees is hot .
tr	NN	My friend Viv almost died , Claudia was murdered , Peter 's dead and Tony killed himself .
tr	NN	Perhaps there was an uncertainty that resided within that young soul after all .
tr	NNS	All the great detectives stall when they don 't have a clue what to do next .
tr	NN	A queue , a line had formed outside many metres long and wide , a crowd really .
tr	NNS	At the very moment the lights flashed , their laptop screens went blue and shut off .
tr	NNS	Things swiftly became confusing .
tr	NNS	Even if we cut all our carbon emissions to zero by tomorrow , the oceans will continue to rise for at least another fifty years .
tr	NN	My uncle and aunt , died with her , but their ghosts stayed behind . '
tr	NN	The creak of the door caused her to turn back as Mary poked her head out again .
tr	NNS	In the distance , the smoking ruins of Capital City were getting closer .
tr	NN	" That civilian secretary they 've borrowed for the incident room .
tr	NN	" This pattern continued for two years .
tr	NN	His reward for the fervent vow was a kiss that almost had him taking her right there and to hell with showering and eating .
tr	NN	The fake priest couldn 't quite put his finger on the way the Archbishop looked and acted .
tr	NN	The third degree was over , and we all headed out of the room , Matt in the lead .
tr	NNS	Her cookies are wonderful and ... and ... she 's a wonderful host . "
tr	NNS	The two grooves on the bottom made it easier to cut through the rough .
tr	NN	The receptionist was a cute blonde thing , looked about twenty .
tr	NNS	Drugs would make his wolves weak .
tr	NN	A blue-white spark of fire fell right in front of us , but was absorbed immediately by the lamp pole nearby .
tr	NNS	" Did scrubbing floors in silent unhappiness do you any good ?
tr	NN	A mountain to match my hole , my canyon , the one you dug inside me .
tr	NNS	Like almost everything else about the NPS , the colors had been McPherson 's idea .
tr	NNS	Would their stomachs balloon up , or was that sheep ?
tr	NN	The blush creeps into my cheeks , and I avert my eyes .
tr	NNS	Our minds had reached such a level of sharing that we had lost consciousness of our single selves .
tr	NN	The kerosene had spilled in the grass and was burning , spitting and smoking in the rain , giving the ghastly scene a hellish light .
tr	NNS	The kitchens are just through the great hall ahead ; we 're nearly there . "
tr	NN	The other deputy held out his hand and they clasped forearms , pulling each other close for quick slaps to the back .
tr	NNS	" No pills , no injections , " he said .
tr	NN	The show reel paused as Brick 's focus turned to the bus stop he 'd arrived at .
tr	NN	The cream swirls in my coffee , the color turning from black to tan .
tr	NNS	The colors weren 't different than usual , so maybe they just seemed faded because I felt so numb .
tr	NNS	The healers couldn 't figure it out . "
tr	NN	But the U.S. government had been looking for her recently .
tr	NN	His body language was not aggressive but slightly protective .
tr	NNS	Soldiers passed occasionally in the hallway behind , bustling with activity .
tr	NN	The television would muffle their voices , but it wasn 't as foolproof a trick as they made it out to be in the movies .
tr	NNS	" Names are not important . "
tr	NNS	Even the twins seemed to sense their arrival , staring wide-eyed at their mother .
tr	NNS	The twins shook Luis 's hand and Rand said , " We were wondering if you guys would like to join us for dinner later .
tr	NNS	Gramps hands me a wrench .
tr	NN	The maid shot him an unreadable look .
tr	NN	But porcelain is more resilient than certain forms of life .
tr	NNS	Animals knew how to do that .
tr	NNS	And then there were items clearly brought in from elsewhere -- pineapples , for example .
tr	NN	A hesitation , then his arms came around her , tight .
tr	NN	" The Cliffs resort has had trouble with underage drinking , and it 's time to put a stop to it .
tr	NN	Why would his silent business partner call him out of the blue and want him to personally test the fake letter ?
tr	NN	The werewolf looked at Declan and then back to Willow smiling .
tr	NN	On each coffin was a stone sculpture in the likeness of the person within .
tr	NNS	The sound of Max 's breathing grew louder , his nostrils flaring , his breath quickening as she moved lower and lower still .
tr	NN	" That much pursuit , " the captain mused .
tr	NN	The corporal grinned with relief .
tr	NNS	Chapter 32 Michigan 's overnight temperatures had been warm , only dropping into the mid sixties .
tr	NNS	Hands on her hips , Sarah said , " It 's not nice to laugh at people . "
tr	NN	Daemon 's roar of laughter filled the room .
tr	NNS	My stomach twists and my throat constricts as the contents of my stomach threaten to come up .
tr	NN	Goodbye hot dinner at home , Randy frowned , " License and proof of insurance please . "
tr	NNS	His footsteps move away from me , and then I hear him returning .
tr	NNS	Things were almost back to normal .
tr	NNS	Smells like a professional job to me .
tr	NNS	Elias reached to his waist and drew out his gun and shook it lightly in front of them .
tr	NNS	There were no chains here .
tr	NN	" Up , " was his soft command .
tr	NNS	Both servants shook their heads .
tr	NN	This fellow tailed me all the way from my father 's villa . "
tr	NNS	Nine pairs of feminine eyes turned to stare at him curiously .
tr	NN	Ethan 's grandma said , " You 're going to have to choose something .
tr	NNS	The suns had set and let the night sky 's moon shine down on him brightly .
tr	NNS	Our mothers had not been the least bit amused with our tales of roach stomping .
tr	NNS	Some cases of bank heists , two occurrences of a wild mutant stirring trouble , and one wildfire , all quelled and cleaned up by the Rangers .
tr	NN	The oar hit the bottom of the lake floor as if to prove my point .
tr	NN	Like he 'd flipped a switch , her posture changed .
tr	NNS	My eyelids drooped , my knees gave away , and I was falling to the ground , ready to give in .
tr	NNS	I passed a folder over , the contents innocuous enough even if it was fifty pages of small print .
tr	NNS	His abilities encouraged her to relax and follow his lead and she was able to enjoy herself more than any other time dancing .
tr	NN	The transport back to the lab works perfectly for two people .
tr	NNS	Things like that . "
tr	NNS	The goblins stepped aside in terror and the men fought on , every step drawing closer to the edge of the western cliff .
tr	NNS	Looks like the weather is going to be nice all weekend .
tr	NNS	The ogres who come in here to clean have always ignored my request .
tr	NNS	Folks began closing in to get a better peek , and Jeremy could feel someone breathing on the back of his neck .
tr	NNS	Some objects were quite mundane -- make-up , pager , a notebook and three pens ; others were puzzling .
tr	NNS	Muscles rolled under his tan skin .
tr	NNS	" We little villagers have heard of tales of the big city .
tr	NN	After this point in the journal , his writing becomes very sloppy and hurried ; it 's clear that he was in a state of panic . "
tr	NN	There is no defense against this genius because how do you attack what isn 't quite there ?
tr	NNS	Wonderful smells surround us and I inhale deeply .
tr	NN	My nipple puckered in anticipation of his touch .
tr	NNS	The servants set out early with fresh bread and porridge for them .
tr	NN	The pavement and the nearby building were dark , seemingly lined by a thick shadow .
tr	NN	The captain stood at the starboard rail with his coat unbuttoned , his cheeks red above his dark frosted beard .
tr	NNS	The specially designed magnetic rollers , spun faster and faster around a magnetic ring that gave the ship its saucer shape .
tr	NNS	Social media removed real connections and friendships and replaced them with ratings , whining rants , and new ways to bully people .
tr	NNS	Electronic screens , multi-colored toggle switches , and buttons with tiny labels covered the dashboard and overhead panels .
tr	NN	" The trick is not to worry about the ending so much that you don 't enjoy what you 've got while you 've got it . "
tr	NNS	" Lots and lots -- goblins , elves , sprites , trolls , gnomes , halflings , brownies -- there are so many .
tr	NN	Ferry was trying to protest without success .
tr	NN	A thrill surged through his body .
tr	NNS	The Bush twins were everywhere when W ran . "
tr	NNS	The ladies enjoyed Henry , no matter the species .
tr	NN	Part of me doubted my ability to complete this task I 'd set for myself .
tr	NN	" Do you think ' t is great ? "
tr	NNS	Our tongues dancing back and forth in each other 's mouth until there was no her mouth and my mouth but only our mouths intertwined .
tr	NN	My grandmother 's locket around my neck ?
tr	NN	" The tip of the blade Sebastian used broke off against one of his ribs and lodged in the bone .
tr	NNS	Others talk about the size and welcoming essence of Lorelei 's breasts .
tr	NN	The chase screeched through a section of burned-out warehouse buildings and excavation sites .
tr	NNS	Plus visitors sometimes want to kill you when you are a High Pope so there is no sense letting them sleep within throat slitting reach .
tr	NN	" Your success pleases me , Father de la Croix . "
tr	NNS	The ladies will meet us in the dining room . "
tr	NNS	" All the signs of the event are falling into places just like it was foretold by our ancestors . "
tr	NNS	But the leg movements were slow and cracking .
tr	NNS	Maybe things aren 't so bad after all , these seats are quite comfortable .
tr	NN	' And I reckon you 're right , ' Love said .
tr	NN	Part of me wondered if it would just be better for everyone if I did quit .
tr	NN	' No , not to say real well , ' the agent admitted .
tr	NNS	During the conversation the drinks kept coming , and these two guys were looking , and sounding , more and more trustworthy .
tr	NN	As long as you mean us no harm , you are welcome here , " said the priest , lighting a candle .
tr	NNS	His actions were unpredictable .
tr	NN	Your injury is multi-layered and worse than Jess 's injury .
tr	NN	By now , visibility was less than ten feet , the temperature continuing to plummet .
tr	NNS	The fire pools caught the man 's eyes causing a wave of familiarity to hit Bri .
tr	NN	" A wooden stake through the heart will destroy most vampires . "
tr	NNS	Things become distilled to simple concepts : I was small , they were big ; I was weak , they were strong .
tr	NN	' Please , go ahead , ' Love said .
tr	NN	But if her grandmother was George Trevelyan 's aunt , the fat would hit the fire eventually .
tr	NN	That celebration came to an abrupt end when the wire slacked and I realized I was fifteen feet in the air .
tr	NNS	All excellent qualities as far as I 'm concerned . "
tr	NNS	" But ladies , my friend was in no way a St. Genevieve , but a sedate , lean person of 45 ! "
tr	NN	" Ok , now turn on the transceiver here .
tr	NN	Part of me actually wanted to spend time with her .
tr	NNS	The villagers had never seen a rain so heavy .
tr	NN	" No , " Jazz said shortly , and felt a blush high in her cheeks .
tr	NNS	As I walk in with Madame Fournier , the ladies in the rather full salon all look up .
tr	NNS	My clientele are special and they have special needs .
tr	NN	His snuffling snort of exhaled breath stunk up the confined space .
tr	NN	The metallic clash of swords echoed throughout the still night and I clutched my mother 's sides tightly as I tried to control myself .
tr	NNS	Things we have not seen before .
tr	NN	" There 's only one rebel priest ? "
tr	NNS	And locks weren 't hideously expensive , but still , there was always something that needed repairing or replacing .
tr	NNS	The storage captives caught their breath .
tr	NN	Link was pretty sure Leah wouldn 't let Macon boss her and her giant mountain cat around .
tr	NNS	Her cheekbones were high and perfect .
tr	NNS	The camp members would react poorly to the sudden appearance of a stranger , and their behavior would be unpredictable .
tr	NNS	" Things like what , exactly ? "
tr	NNS	Special abilities differ from generation to generation -- your generation has the gift of , what we refer to as , visual empathy .
tr	NN	Some hot chick just left it empty and we snagged it before someone else could . "
tr	NNS	Several squirrels and strays had shown interest in the bag in my hands .
tr	NNS	A few packets in direct interface made the meaning of the gesture clear .
tr	NN	A pot of coffee was waiting , along with the utensils .
tr	NN	A range of emotions crossed over Hal 's face .
tr	NNS	High pitched squeals , like a battery charging up , sounded , right before loud bursts of swift flight .
tr	NNS	Rats were creeping towards the group .
tr	NNS	Her ridiculous pigtails bobbed around her face , which was painted with black liner and lipstick , as she straightened , wiping the blood from her neck .
tr	NNS	Silat movements are dance based , and you have less rhythm than a heart attack . "
tr	NN	The illness brought them back to Idaho for her hospice while dying .
tr	NNS	The cards were a system of ranks ! "
tr	NNS	" My travels are over .
tr	NNS	Your letters are so very important to me and I am always happy to receive them .
tr	NN	Only the north and south staircases led there .
tr	NN	The mayor hadn 't appeared on the steps of City Hall as promised and they wanted his blood .
tr	NNS	Things were going pretty decent for me in the present , other than warlock issues , and I didn 't want to mess that up .
tr	NNS	Even if he managed to pull away , the zombies that stood between him and the hangar door were quickly closing in .
tr	NN	A sob rises in my throat .
tr	NNS	But there were limits to his abilities along that line .
tr	NN	His unblinking smoky gray eyes scorched into hers , as if he could look right into her soul .
tr	NN	But the captain understood his concern .
tr	NNS	Right now there are images of people standing in the streets , which are on fire and filled with panic .
tr	NNS	All the wicked possibilities ran through my mind .
tr	NN	His rank translated roughly to Knight Sergeant .
tr	NN	His fur was black and tan , but mostly black , a match to his dark eyes .
tr	NN	A thud outside her door caused her to lurch to her feet and gasp .
tr	NN	Love placed his mug down on the table and called through to Julie .
tr	NNS	The vibrant colors of the setting sun dulled to a deep maroon .
tr	NNS	The only cases any of us had ever heard of in which a Mercy prisoner died under lashing had occurred when the leaded whip was being used .
tr	NN	A second later , the heavy oven began to quake against the concrete floor .
tr	NNS	Their tongues touched , played , drank .
tr	NN	In line abreast , keeping some distance between them , the trio advanced on the abnormality .
tr	NN	The captain blew jets and fused sand into black glass .
tr	NN	Did the senator pay you to find out what I was ?
tr	NNS	There were ferns and grass to her right .
tr	NN	In another , a humongous olive snake with black splotches lay curled on the ground .
tr	NN	" I 'm sorry , " the receptionist said to me .
tr	NNS	Dinner jackets and gowns , and the ladies ' lacy trims and feathers had sputtered such pretty sparks as the Fire drew them in .
tr	NN	The maid sighed as she ran her hands over the smooth satin skirt .
tr	NN	" No prison time ? "
tr	NNS	My nostrils flare with each inhalation .
tr	NNS	" Any ideas what I should do with this thing ?
tr	NN	Her orgasm hit her like a punch to the gut .
tr	NNS	His pupils dilated and then focused as I reached behind me and undid the bottom string , the top falling off my body .
tr	NN	What could the Elite warrior possibly hope to gain ?
tr	NNS	Their new surroundings consisted of a square room with tan colored smooth walls .
tr	NNS	Let me - " Jamie broke off , his nostrils flaring .
tr	NN	" Commander , " the corporal said .
tr	NNS	Soldiers with swords and shields wait in the sun .
tr	NNS	Cassius had arrived at the market .
tr	NN	Michael 's hatred erupted .
tr	NNS	38 Zach and his son waited on the steps of their front porch .
tr	NNS	Our fluids are what we share with one another . "
tr	NNS	Parts of the vertebrae sat nearby on the ground .
tr	NN	Soon the entire audience shared in his loathing , and they screamed along with his denunciations .
tr	NNS	There were no prickles .
tr	NN	The large van idled behind the lady cop , with an isolation chamber waiting to swallow them up for transportation to a hospital .
tr	NNS	His goblin companions fought in packs of two or three .
tr	NNS	Dragons are your thing , right ? "
tr	NNS	Do cats actually do that ? "
tr	NN	The singer doesn 't stop .
tr	NNS	On some of the estates , thousands are to be evicted from their homes , homes that have been in their families for over five hundred years .
tr	NN	The ancient language had never been deciphered , mostly because of the scarcity of the script that survived .
tr	NNS	Things looked very different when he was using this technique .
tr	NN	" That bitch spit on him after he got her through her Virgin Night ! "
tr	NN	Some known film hunk was speeding down a road while blasting off his gun .
tr	NNS	The stallion 's nostrils flared , smelling the air .
tr	NNS	Suddenly the creatures sprang toward me , over the black floor , howling hideously .
tr	NN	An ancient legend claimed the Devil had hanged his mother from a rowan tree .
tr	NN	His lust filled eyes roamed all over my body , but still he didn 't break pace .
tr	NN	Some time later , some ages later , a dragon flew by , going quickly through the night .
tr	NNS	The nostrils are long and thin to keep the sea out .
tr	NNS	Sirens screamed , and I heard the distant sounds of people yelling and horns honking -- the excitement and mayhem of a blackout .
tr	NNS	Things may be worse than we 've been led to suppose .
tr	NN	And there was that slightest pink scar along her jaw .
tr	NNS	He crouched , studied his surroundings in the purple glow .
tr	NN	The gown you wore to dinner last evening had me wondering who was attending you , or if you were being attending to at all . "
tr	NN	The pointed tip of the viper 's head stopped at the bridge above each warlock 's wide nose .
tr	NN	But his hesitation was unnecessary ; Blue didn 't scoff .
tr	NN	What is a twenty year old squalling brat but a blink of an eye to someone like me ? "
tr	NNS	Girls probably fell for him left and right with that smolder .
tr	NN	The atmosphere was serene , the monochromatic palette calming .
tr	NNS	There were a few tribal members who fell away .
tr	NNS	Others , like that long extensor arm , the various attachments to pick things up , in effect make this ship a gigantic robot . "
tr	NNS	And hey , maybe beer goggles could make even Rosewood boys look good .
tr	NN	" Let me guess , " Chance put in .
tr	NN	Chance lifted her into his arms .
tr	NNS	Things have been crazy .
tr	NN	My inability to sit still didn 't go unnoticed .
tr	NNS	Last year alone , Somali pirates collected $ 160 million in ransom .
tr	NNS	My instincts said he was dangerous , and I trusted my instincts .
tr	NN	" Because some drunken idiot hit on you , and I was worried .
tr	NN	" Folded in the front of the book , " Ben says , " there 's a map .
tr	NNS	Words spoken by men and women who know how to speak them well .
tr	NNS	If we can show them a promise ceremony between you and the son of the First House of the shapeshifters , the shapeshifters will join us . "
tr	NNS	Images from the past couple of days flashed before me as if I was watching them on one of those famous mortal screens .
tr	NNS	The media had no idea who I was and I preferred to keep it that way .
tr	NN	Nausea creeps up on me , crawling over me , like a monster that I have always been scared of .
tr	NN	The trick was finding out if she still believed that .
tr	NNS	Alexis had a score to settle with him too .
tr	NN	Was it an illness that the machines couldn 't cure ? "
tr	NNS	" He is ... He 's nearly forty , and his teeth are so yellow and crooked and all he speaks of are his hounds .
tr	NN	Her loyalty to the girl who used to make her life miserable was perplexing .
tr	NN	Of course the observation didn 't end when play was stopped .
tr	NNS	On one side of the store , there were suits and professional collar shirts made for the business-minded woman .
tr	NN	Like maybe I real y could do some good as her Champion .
tr	NNS	Your abilities will return and mature .
tr	NN	The trick for the designers was to find the right thing and turn it into something we needed .
tr	NN	But the sheriff left before you got here . "
tr	NN	Kostas 's growl echoed through the trees .
tr	NN	The glamour he wears is so perfect none suspect him .
tr	NN	Julie 's resurrection from her previous night 's soiree ended any chance of privacy for tonight .
tr	NNS	Mario 's Miami business associates went home yesterday , but just showed up at the office an hour ago .
tr	NNS	Things were coming together nicely .
tr	NN	" What do the Sphinx know of the situation ? "
tr	NN	All that furious passion had at least been passion .
tr	NNS	" Others might do that , but I won 't .
tr	NNS	There are millions of religious zealots around the world who kill in his name every day , but why use them , right ?
tr	NN	A strange layer of feathers dusted everything .
tr	NN	Her h * ps pumped faster .
tr	NN	" Of course you will , " The Author admitted , " I can always use a good mook .
tr	NNS	Folks kill folks for fun .
tr	NNS	These first travelers left the time transport markers in the years they visited .
tr	NN	A neat trick and one that every investigator should be so lucky to have the ability to do .
tr	NN	" Midlife crisis , " Nina suggested .
tr	NNS	" No , making potions is more dangerous than a backfired spell .
tr	NN	My spine is conducting enough electricity to power a city .
tr	NN	A tall archway welcomed her into a narrow hall .
tr	NN	" There really isn 't any proof .
tr	NN	" Where 's Mia 's sweater ? "
tr	NNS	How many millions of little children have seen that picture ?
tr	NNS	Even though her white cells have not gone up there are more cancer cells and less normal cells than before .
tr	NNS	Looks like he made a clean getaway .
tr	NNS	His lies , deceit , coming home late , acting differently towards me ; it all made sense .
tr	NNS	I checked our left and right , no other zombies were present .
tr	NNS	Hands reached into the room from the outside and roughly grabbed him .
tr	NN	Fresh produce still has to be flown in weekly . "
tr	NN	A hail of bludgeon blows went crashing through the brassy ranks of foes .
tr	NNS	" The roads are nearly impassable with dead cars everywhere .
tr	NNS	Then footsteps broke the silence .
tr	NN	A tremor ran through his body .
tr	NN	With every feast , The Master and the other hunters grew stronger , killed quicker , and took on larger prey .
tr	NN	This little quirk , she thought with an inward smile , could get annoying very fast .
tr	NN	A notion the older woman verified when she not so subtly picked up her purse .
tr	NNS	The teachers of the law and the Pharisees brought in a woman caught in adultery .
tr	NNS	As we entered , the villagers emerged from the hiding places they had run to when they first spotted us approaching .
tr	NN	Love followed his gaze and looked down .
tr	NN	The peak was barely visible through the falling snow .
tr	NNS	The defenders stood calmly , not even twitching at the sorcerer 's crazed movements .
tr	NN	Off the sitting room , an arched entryway led to the kitchen , where people were drinking and laughing .
tr	NNS	Besides , most bars allowed eighteen year olds in .
tr	NNS	The villagers were always unfriendly to him and his family .
tr	NNS	Judge Cook 's nostrils flared and he leaned back in his chair , recoiling like she was something fetid and unappealing .
tr	NNS	" Six werewolves stand guard through the night . "
tr	NN	The sweep of the building was probably already - A muffled shout echoed from the hallway .
tr	NNS	Feb 11th Things have finally calmed down .
tr	NN	The tribe was nocturnal , Max explained , and so all was quiet except for the occasional stirring of a tiger , guarding the huts .
tr	NNS	Freaks didn 't sneak , but then , until recently , they hadn 't posted warnings , and they hadn 't used camouflage either .
tr	NN	Slowly , the financial infrastructure was reviving a little , and there seemed to be a some life in the economy .
tr	NN	The mortal glanced off as she made her way past him , her thoughts once more turning to the person she was doing this for .
tr	NN	The leader peered at Julie for another moment .
tr	NNS	Some villages give up as soon as they hear her name and see her standard . "
tr	NNS	The wetness in my legs caught on fire or at least it felt like it did .
tr	NN	Death to Kith 's enemies means victory .
tr	NNS	The man 's footsteps were just as loud as his own now .
tr	NN	Inside , the opulence was even grandeur with a King Louis motif .
tr	NN	My elation however , only lasted a second .
tr	NN	The cheeseburger was sinfully delicious .
tr	NNS	" The possibilities are endless . "
tr	NN	Por favor , take your seat .
tr	NN	The first goon said , " You killed James .
tr	NNS	My shoulder blades were the only thing at ease .
tr	NNS	Extensive marble floors conducted the chill until it seeped right into her bones .
tr	NNS	The strands of the web were hard , and hot , and very sharp , like razor wire .
tr	NNS	And there are no lingering ill effects .
tr	NN	The butterfly dropped away and spiraled toward the ground , lifeless in an instant .
tr	NNS	From Her power , from the humans ' deaths , your forests will grow green again . "
tr	NN	A pink butterfly appeared , floating just above her palm .
tr	NNS	The peaks of crystal mountains speared the mist .
tr	NN	His pawn to g3 , while black responded on the same rank g6 .
tr	NN	Their Cane escort let out a rumbling growl in his throat , watching the angry Tribune with narrowed eyes , but he did not move or speak .
tr	NN	How is the old fellow ? "
tr	NNS	Names are vital to beings of destiny .
tr	NNS	Even the band members knew enough not to try to stop them .
tr	NNS	Around me , on all sides , neat rows of green and brown stalks stretched to the tree lines that bordered our land .
tr	NNS	Little bits of glitter float gently by the window and I smile .
tr	NNS	Alexis stood up and watched as Greg left the courtroom .
tr	NNS	Romulus raised an eyebrow .
tr	NN	Circling in it was a small green frog , looking worried .
tr	NN	The fur was completely gone , peeled from the flesh like a glove .
tr	NNS	Down the length of its back were great spines , each tipped with a barbed stinger .
tr	NN	His own belly bobbled up and down like a buoy on a storm tide .
tr	NN	The dwarfs are certain it was a troll .
tr	NN	The admiral looked up from the operators and screens in front of him , craning his neck to look up into the analysis cell .
tr	NNS	" Sir , the interloper eggs are self sustaining .
tr	NN	The sheriff dropped his pen .
tr	NN	The captain is an incredibly accommodating chap .
tr	NN	" In an hour or less , you , ll change back . "
tr	NN	Any gentry seizing control of it could shape the land to his or her will , instantly beautifying it .
tr	NN	As I expected , there was no reasoning with an idiot of his caliber .
tr	NNS	The rods enable users to trade locations over short distances .
tr	NN	There 's a sparkle in his eyes .
tr	NN	The other suspect , the one that was shot , is in the park .
tr	NNS	" Others in your tribe have considered me a goddess ; however , I am a soul like you .
tr	NN	The hatred in Jill 's eyes peaked into desperation , and finally faded to defeat .
tr	NN	But the farther he walked , the less it corresponded to his memory .
tr	NNS	In summer time , many couples came to stand there , talking while admiring the natural beauty .
tr	NN	Another annoying habit the twins had taken to was wearing their shirts around their heads or their waists depending on the time of day .
tr	NN	A TV hung next to the bar , and Alex was relieved to see the game of the week was on .
tr	NN	His quiet chuckle highlighted the crow 's feet around his eyes .
tr	NN	My pulse was racing , making my blood roar in my ears .
tr	NNS	The galleries started to empty .
tr	NN	No elf was going to make a fool of her .
tr	NNS	There are rats in there as well .
tr	NN	A grown cow that knew about a drop-off was difficult to shove over .
tr	NN	The knight had found his tree again , and they stood , resolute .
tr	NN	Her momentum gave her extra speed as she flew down the rail .
tr	NNS	" Blake , there 's at least five bars in this cove alone .
tr	NNS	On the other side of it were tiny huts that were inhabited by groups of mortals .
tr	NN	A sliver of light shines through the dark room .
tr	NNS	" No ladies Underground and especially not on a busy Friday night . "
tr	NN	I said , you don 't have to worry , you 've got der wrong sort of teeth , ' said the troll .
tr	NN	The corporal sprang to attention .
tr	NNS	Even the renovations seemed to be proceeding more smoothly , albeit slowly and expensively .
tr	NNS	Things happened so fast I didn 't think to let Anna or Georgia know I was leaving .
tr	NNS	The rats in the Customer Office downstairs left him to it and went home .
tr	NN	The grant writing was going well -- she had a gut feeling they were sure to get it .
tr	NNS	The noble 's accusations send the house into chaos .
tr	NN	" As a god , his every whim will reign supreme . "
tr	NNS	" There 's two other elevators on this side and another three on the other side .
tr	NN	And the mapping ball , but you can 't tell me how to use them ?
tr	NNS	" Do pirates get whipped like that , too ? "
tr	NNS	Slowly his caresses grew more purposeful , and Evie melted against him .
tr	NNS	The toll roads exist because there are exemptions .
tr	NNS	Even at half my strength , these minions posed no greater threat to me than I had imagined .
tr	NNS	There 's probably spaghetti still left over if you want some after we leave .
tr	NNS	Pushing a button on the cylindrical shaped device , small rods extended themselves into the lock and shaped itself into a key .
tr	NN	The project leader frightened him .
tr	NN	There was a sickening grinding and the spike started to sag to one side .
tr	NNS	Girls and women are waving handkerchiefs , blowing kisses , and wiggling manicured painted fingertips at Rann .
tr	NNS	Her fingernails dug into the post as the battle grew more intense .
tr	NN	The tray went flying , with plates and glassware shattering against the wall .
tr	NN	The camp I was at , transition for guardian transfer , and this house is where Tedd , and now I , live .
tr	NNS	When someone prays to receive a kitten all those prayers go into our data base .
tr	NN	The pilot seemed to be landing in the water , a couple of hundred yards from it .
tr	NNS	Even so , the roads in that direction were none too good , and a body could only stand so much shaking .
tr	NN	chapter twenty-two Watching the paramedics drive away with Aimee and her uncle is surreal .
tr	NNS	The tunnels spanned unimaginable distances ; nobody knew exactly far they ran or why they had been built .
tr	NN	The cushioned seating had made it an obvious choice .
tr	NNS	The hackles on the back of her neck rose a second before the door in front of her burst open .
tr	NNS	With that , the two siblings sprinted silently down the alley .
tr	NNS	The winds started to race across the grasses and swayed the trees on the outer edge .
tr	NN	All the passion we had for each other takes over on this humid summer night .
tr	NNS	The weak fluorescent bulbs shook violently with each beat of the music pounding in the underground club ahead .
tr	NN	" There 's not sharp silverware or anything ? "
tr	NN	His long tail fell down the front of Otis 's shirt .
tr	NNS	Otherwise , the risks would have been too great to experiment here .
tr	NN	Understanding and shock tore through him , rocking him with the awful realization of what Julian had meant about her , and what had drawn Julian here .
tr	NN	My sister-in-law is expecting to deliver just a few months before me . "
tr	NNS	The indications were slight , but she could not be mistaken .
tr	NN	A tiny shove sent them on their way .
tr	NNS	' Our mothers would never let us go hungry ! '
tr	NN	The sheriff began to slowly lower his gun .
tr	NN	Eventually , my uncle appeared and he woke my mother up .
tr	NNS	There are no security cameras , so we 'll go with an unknown assailant .
tr	NNS	Yet , just like the dozens of times before over the last two days , his hopes quickly sunk .
tr	NN	" Who was the brilliant bastard who wanted to leave them at camp ? "
tr	NNS	Light footsteps moved into the room .
tr	NNS	Both sidelines were furious , and all the coaches were yelling at the officials in a heated mixture of languages .
tr	NNS	Romulus grinned and held out his cut , battered hand .
tr	NNS	Uneven footsteps echoed from the doorway , almost as if whoever it was couldn 't keep her balance .
tr	NNS	Her blonde locks rested on her back perfectly and complimented her flawless complexion .
tr	NNS	The two philosophers stared uncomfortably at one another .
tr	NNS	Hands reached for Nightingale and he squirmed to avoid them .
tr	NNS	All the tours start in the Grand Hall . "
tr	NNS	The lieutenant 's footsteps echoed down the alleyway .
tr	NN	" Why all the tail wagging ? "
tr	NN	" A charm - something to keep me on your mind . "
tr	NNS	Most elves didn 't eat meat but worms and insects were in an entirely different category .
tr	NN	Eventually Marcus ' briefcase snapped shut , and he and Fergus loaded up the luxury hire car .
tr	NNS	Flowers tumbled from the overhead arbors and trailed along his shoulders as he emerged fully into the night .
tr	NN	The Omaha airport seemed abandoned .
tr	NN	" It is , " the footman announced bitterly .
tr	NNS	Her relatives would think her mad if she didn 't .
tr	NNS	For the moment the supporters asked only for the approval of the first part of the plan .
tr	NNS	" But there are consequences .
tr	NN	An imperative as strong as hunger told him he knew , he knew and he welcomed it .
tr	NNS	All the signs were there .
tr	NNS	Jim begins opening and scanning the full sized images , one by one .
tr	NN	The bleeding goblin had regained its balance , and again charged at Mike with its sword .
tr	NNS	The two artists worked together for long hours scrapping many works that would have been considered suitable .
tr	NN	My grandmother poured me another generous portion of her whiskey and I knocked this one back just as quickly as its predecessor .
tr	NN	He walked two steps past Gladys and then halted , the dull dirty blond of his hair gilded by the fluorescent lights above .
tr	NNS	These images have been drip fed to me , from the moment I opened my eyes as a baby .
tr	NNS	In the last hours fifty deaths have occurred , a huge figure in comparison with the few of the previous days .
tr	NN	A peacock blue , waist-high metal railing separated this walkway from the main deck and protected it from vehicular traffic .
tr	NN	" All right , my theory is this .
tr	NN	' Bit of a mess in here , isn 't there ? '
tr	NN	History had washed them in the same waters , transferring the needs of one to the needs of the other .
tr	NN	The arcade had only a fraction of its normal lights on .
tr	NN	First , when the water rises , the dock raises with it .
tr	NN	" The Sleeping Buddha . "
tr	NNS	Things were about to change .
tr	NNS	" Would your Highness care to inspect the troops ? "
tr	NNS	These reservations are hard to get , so you can 't say no .
tr	NNS	" The healers said you had a bump the size of an apple on the back of your head . "
tr	NNS	" The beetle eggs don 't actually end up in any of my food ; that would be distasteful .
tr	NNS	X-ray scans are poor for outlining anything relating to organic tissue and a normal brain is almost totally organic tissue .
tr	NN	The television tuned to a baseball game in extra innings provided the ambiance tonight .
tr	NN	Until he unlocked the machine , the tablet appeared to be off .
tr	NN	" As ye may or may not know , ' t is the quartermaster 's job to delegate tasks to the crew .
tr	NNS	Gem 's directions were easy and perfect .
tr	NN	Like it literal y cracked under the pressure of it . "
tr	NN	Beyond them the city looms , outlined by clusters of amber and white lights that pulse and waver in random thermals .
tr	NN	Her pulse raced , and panic filled her chest , crowding her lungs .
tr	NNS	There are several techniques .
tr	NN	He was just as blood soaked as she was , with sweat trickling down his temples , his robe soaked to his skin .
tr	NN	Her bravado drained away .
tr	NN	" Archer , " the goddess says as she steps out of her chariot .
tr	NN	The pen lifted out of the doctor 's pocket .
tr	NNS	The chemical tests were also identical .
tr	NN	A cramp in her leg had her wiggling off him much sooner than she 'd have liked .
tr	NNS	The irrigation booms were turning slowly and the sun was making rainbows in the droplets .
tr	NN	Another inhuman roar of rage sounded over the blasts of wind .
tr	NN	The spark was brief , with no power to set alight the great fire .
tr	NN	The priest was out before the engine had fully died .
tr	NN	The agony of not being able to reach his duchess is plain upon his face , and my heart aches for him , but I harden it .
tr	NNS	The wall paintings appeared like doves flying to Mount Jesus and then to the mountains of the angels to proclaim the abduction of the children and Jack .
tr	NNS	The twins are at the sidewalk , curiosity written all over their faces .
tr	NN	The werewolf ignored them al and continued on toward the pitched hal way battle , which showed no signs of being firmly decided in either direction .
tr	NNS	The earliest creatures showed no signs of evolving and developing souls . "
tr	NN	The prophecy still stayed true .
tr	NN	High command in Australia had repeatedly turned down his request to entertain the troops at the front .
tr	NN	Then my father-in-law arrived .
tr	NNS	" Things are changing , Logan .
tr	NNS	The eggs dropped from the prongs of her fork and landed with a splat on her plate .
tr	NN	" I 'll show you , " said Andy grabbing a pen and paper from Tim 's desk .
tr	NNS	And Lord , the murders were so abundant !
tr	NNS	The pot fumes were probably getting to her .
tr	NN	But the government as a whole overlooks it .
tr	NN	But there was a strange radiance in the air , dispelling the sense of gloom it had been in earlier .
tr	NNS	Ceramic and mosaic tiles spelled out New Age affirmations .
tr	NNS	The provisions they gathered were scarce .
tr	NN	The machinery stirred , the counterweights dropped and the portcullis slowly rattled upwards as more of the nuns emerged from their quarters .
tr	NNS	As soon as our attack began , the few remaining rats in Isengard started bolting through every hole that the Ents made .
tr	NN	JJ furrows his eyebrows .
tr	NNS	Yet for once the golfing authorities have been leading the way .
tr	NN	The drill sergeant was standing behind Jo .
tr	NN	' Even a dwarf like you will have trouble getting in there . '
tr	NNS	The effects proved revitalizing to Alma , who hadn 't experienced such a sensory rush since the damaging fright of the stranger in the cave .
tr	NN	The referee checked the downed boxer , taking only a few moments to declare the match over and Karen the victor .
tr	NN	Not my phantom tormentor .
tr	NNS	Warning sirens blared in my ears and heat scorched my skin .
tr	NNS	Romulus handed Viktor a plate of smoking meat , and the two ate breakfast in silence .
tr	NN	The celebration inside the inn was much as it had been outside .
tr	NN	" This witness may step down , and I 'd like to see both attorneys in my chambers .
tr	NNS	The edges of its pages appeared scorched anew and he wondered why he 'd never noticed this before as he sat down and picked up his marker .
tr	NNS	Hands roughly pulling off my pants ... Oh , I thought distractedly , while my stomach flipped , that 's where my pants are .
tr	NN	Love gets you in trouble .
tr	NN	A fighter 's gym .
tr	NNS	Names , characters , businesses , places , events and incidents are either the products of the author 's imagination or used in a fictitious manner .
tr	NN	The trio walked across to the opening and peered out .
tr	NN	The mass of curls covering her shoulders provided a thin barrier against the night 's chill .
tr	NN	The leopard dropped low , belly to the ground , muscles incredibly controlled as it began to stalk the men .
tr	NNS	My movements are so quick and sure there is not even a whisper or a gurgle .
tr	NNS	His companions shuffled awkwardly but said nothing .
tr	NNS	Sirens were approaching - again , those unfurling ribbons of sound , sharp as steel .
tr	NNS	Also , there were zombies .
tr	NN	" What was - " Her uncle jerked , falling backwards onto her , nearly knocking her over .
tr	NNS	Others tried , but it was too late .
tr	NNS	There were fairly large open gaps between the houses ; Trail Stop was a loosely constructed community .
tr	NN	The second email was offering prescription drugs from Canada at half the price of United States pharmacies .
tr	NNS	Our tongues dueled - touch , spar , retreat .
tr	NNS	The ladies were enthusiastic .
tr	NNS	The tightness around her neck loosened , and then fell away , as the chain , separated from the bulk , seemed to die .
tr	NNS	Supply trains would have to bring up fuel and new parts to get the tractors ready .
tr	NN	Their discovery might as well not have occurred .
tr	NN	Unfortunately , his libido had not been listening .
tr	NNS	The zombies threw themselves in front of his bike and he flipped .
tr	NNS	What absolutely perfect creatures were these innocents , with no mistakes .
tr	NN	" High card , first trick , " Gabe said , placing the queen of diamonds atop one of the spades .
tr	NNS	Dreadful chants accompanied by piercing screams echoed within the stone walls .
tr	NNS	The Prince 's pupils elongated and anger radiated outward .
tr	NN	There was a long slit in the dress , one that flashed her gorgeous legs as she walked .
tr	NN	The only logical explanation as to the demise of their ship could only be that somehow the king 's men had been laying in wait for them .
tr	NN	The mayor picked up the papers from the desk .
tr	NN	The castle had stood for thousands of years , fighting off the ill tempered weather that never ceased .
tr	NNS	Lots of terrible things , " Renzo said .
tr	NN	Love would be the most difficult of all .
tr	NNS	Hephaestus stopped and looked at him , " What 's that mean ? "
tr	NNS	All roads will lead to Wesley . "
tr	NNS	Fortunately for me , those idiots never knew Marissa and I had a relationship .
tr	NNS	Others in the swelling throng were eager to explain .
tr	NNS	In every passing tree , drops of dew were falling towards the ground , creating a false sense of rain .
tr	NN	Her last flashback had terminated only after exhaustion and heavy sedation .
tr	NN	Compared to utter darkness , the candlelight was surprisingly bright .
tr	NNS	Things like , " It looks like your father has finally forgotten about us .
tr	NN	His student raised her arm quicker .
tr	NNS	" The signs are clear , your Grace .
tr	NN	A trio of candle flames danced in the cool breeze that crept through billowing curtains .
tr	NN	The second agent moved in , his expression grave .
tr	NNS	" Their deaths were at the hands of other men .
tr	NN	Her first instinct was to run .
tr	NNS	Antique streetlights shed a peach fluorescent luminance at regular intervals .
tr	NN	The government will break itself up and sign over power to clusters .
tr	NNS	" Wow , your guys ' communication skills need work . "
tr	NN	At the far end of the room a huge tapestry hung on the wall .
tr	NN	Without a word , the policeman started up the car and set off .
tr	NNS	Gramps laughed at my words , and I smiled .
tr	NN	The squirming cub had pulled Cassidy 's shirt up a little , baring her navel with the little gold stud .
tr	NNS	" The girl 's efforts are irrelevant . "
tr	NN	Each ingredient will have listed the weight to use to make the finished product .
tr	NNS	Guns are pretty heavy , and your hands are too little , " Alex said , relieved that this was true .
tr	NNS	In our world , there are no limits to the rewards of merit .
tr	NN	One hip cocked out almost in defiance and Jake couldn 't help staring at the curve of it .
tr	NN	Anyhow , the haze was only smoke from illumination torches oozing through ventilation gaps under the slates .
tr	NN	" Who 's your grandmother , Teddy ? "
tr	NN	A gleam of ... love , perhaps , shining brightly in those dark depths .
tr	NNS	In the same exact instant , wetness spreads down my T-shirt and a drop of liquid trickles along my arm .
tr	NNS	Only Kira 's survival instincts kept her from saying , " Bull shit . "
tr	NNS	Our team 's opponents were good , and I carefully analyzed the technique their best server used .
tr	NNS	Girls , then women , had been proud to claim him , practically from the minute he could walk and talk .
tr	NN	There 's a clump of bushes over there that should give you some privacy . "
tr	NNS	The two halves sparkled and turned into powder in my palm .
tr	NN	The dizziness got worse when I looked up and saw the casket surrounded by flowers .
tr	NN	" The goblin market . "
tr	NNS	Black rats aboard steamships carried plague from China to India .
tr	NN	Every nerve and cell in her body came to sudden , vibrant life at his touch .
tr	NN	The moment 's hesitation was all Peter needed to act .
tr	NNS	Hopeless cases thrown out in the battlefield clinic .
tr	NNS	Chess writhed towards me slower and slower until his eyes glazed over with the liberation of a painful death .
tr	NN	My basketball is waiting by the door .
tr	NNS	Noise levels outside indicate some of the clan has retired for a few hours at least .
tr	NNS	" Yeah , a few ladies have mentioned that .
tr	NNS	Their movements faintly indicated the contours of the waves and introduced some hint of perspective into the night .
tr	NN	There was a click , and then ringing .
tr	NN	That video didn 't lie .
tr	NNS	Sirens rang out as hundreds of figures raced into the shipyard , some of them were alive , some were not .
tr	NN	But soon , her eyelids droop and her yawns become more frequent .
tr	NNS	Its tentacles released Sydney , who scrambled away and got to her feet .
tr	NNS	The sobs became even louder .
tr	NNS	Looks like we 'll have to get creative . "
tr	NNS	Internal metals , like bronze and copper , give off longer pulses than external metals , like iron and steel .
tr	NNS	Then four pairs of glittering eyes swiveled back , and the hound and the very big mutt began nosing along the bank .
tr	NNS	His thumbs brushed my cheekbones .
tr	NNS	The other handlers came from all walks of life .
tr	NN	" Well , hey , if you don 't want to ... " The intensity returned to those emerald eyes .
tr	NN	The bullet became lodged and they are working to get it out . "
tr	NN	The tube dumped into a nest of broken stony pinnacles that looked like a giant game of pickup sticks .
tr	NN	The snake continued it 's story .
tr	NN	" Love is a conquest !
tr	NN	The prison was what frightened everyone into submission in the first place ; so maybe disproving its existence could spark a rebellion .
tr	NNS	" So noted , " the witnesses mumbled .
tr	NN	The thickness of the lines was proportionate to the size of the metal pieces they met .
tr	NNS	Things were getting out of hand .
tr	NNS	Things got overlooked when you only had seven minutes .
tr	NNS	Cara 's gut instincts , on the job and off , were usually on target .
tr	NN	A yellow cart surrounded by yellow ' wet floor ' signs filled the space .
tr	NNS	Soldiers took off on foot , but Jake suspected the cat would never be caught .
tr	NNS	The dwarves held still .
tr	NN	Then from the end of the tube a valve opened .
tr	NN	He crossed his legs , his kilt looped into his lap .
tr	NN	" My employer did .
tr	NN	My fingers slid over the wildflowers , their velvet petals bending to my touch .
tr	NNS	Dante deserved it , the whispers say .
tr	NNS	There are some berries that should be ripening up the slope .
tr	NN	The dew fell to the stones .
tr	NNS	" How about Death Wish ? "
tr	NNS	Her wolves traveled like tattoos on her body , watching her back , and now half the pack guarded Razvan as well .
tr	NN	The beating of my heart reached a crescendo between my ears .
tr	NNS	With no planes overhead , and the ever-present threat of the spreading leak , even the tiniest annoyance fills my mind and cannot be ignored .
tr	NNS	Those kisses had been sweet and ranged from amateur to highly skilled .
tr	NN	The little ping of pain on her arm told her that this was indeed real .
tr	NNS	Her classmates recognised the ease with which she undertook her studies .
tr	NN	With eyes of wonder watching the thermal water that oozed steam gushed from the rock and formed puddles and rivulets with steaming hot .
tr	NNS	These shadowy figures whoever , or whatever they are , are indeed real .
tr	NN	Then a flashlight waved in front of her face and she turned around .
tr	NN	' Where is your pattern ? '
tr	NN	" Your car is on its way , " the valet said .
tr	NNS	Since it was in their genes , werewolves tended to not be the bloodthirsty maniacs seen on the silver screen .
tr	NN	He didn 't answer her , simply dodged to the left , lightning strikes grazing his wing .
tr	NNS	Just as hopelessness was about to consume me , footsteps raced along the corridor outside .
tr	NN	The project leader said to himself .
tr	NNS	There were also gadgets that could help someone recognize the dreaming world .
tr	NN	A stack of women 's magazines sat on the table beside the chair , and a large-screen television was directly in front .
tr	NNS	Were there security cameras ?
tr	NN	The warrior must have had to have lain in wait for days for the right opportunity to present itself . "
tr	NNS	Things with him were heating up and I wasn 't sure I wanted to say goodbye at the end of the summer .
tr	NNS	The servants surrounded her like an honor guard ; though all were female , they were of different ages .
tr	NNS	There were no cries of ' Hey , you ' , no shouts of ' That 's him ! '
tr	NNS	Romulus dashed toward his grandmother 's shack , but in the short sprint , the flames doubled .
tr	NNS	The footsteps became louder .
tr	NNS	Your fights are my fights .
tr	NN	The municipal government would not trim or cut down trees for the safety of a private tycoon , anymore than they would permit electronic security .
tr	NNS	27 Marius grabbed the collar of the lab coat and drew the man closer to his face .
tr	NNS	Romulus was out of his chair and strolling toward the front of the classroom .
tr	NN	Bit of a headache , " Al replied .
tr	NN	Near the back door , there was a tall built-in bookcase for her cookbook collection that hadn 't been there before .
tr	NN	Of course , the option would cruise out the window real quick if he knew why she 'd changed her mind .
tr	NN	Worst case scenario ... you would get your skull crushed . "
tr	NNS	Actually , early deliveries are common in cases like mine . "
tr	NNS	Looks like it needs a coat of paint . "
tr	NNS	Instead , his actions resulted in you nearly burning to death .
tr	NN	The core blew the hydrogen in the cells apart .
tr	NNS	Nevertheless , over half the campers were present .
tr	NN	A crash from somewhere in the back of the lab startles me into silence .
tr	NN	Her thrill at her glorious present evaporated and she nearly groaned , wanting to snatch his present away .
tr	NNS	Reyes repressed the deep disgust that threatened to rise like bile up his throat .
tr	NN	A loud high whistle broke the silence , and she felt Lucas grab her arm .
tr	NNS	The air was as thick as dirt , my companions gathered around me and clinging to the girders like a pack of stranded rats .
tr	NN	The first pilot to react used the light from the mid-air collision to set up his approach .
tr	NNS	My eyelids fluttered shut and I flaked out , at the mercy of any who happened to chance upon me .
tr	NNS	But my dear pilgrims please do not start worshiping your sandals .
tr	NN	A hottie as well from the pictures I 've seen . "
tr	NN	The captain nodded and crossed the room .
tr	NN	Her pulse dropped suddenly back to normal .
tr	NNS	Reyes turned , the sound of the woman 's voice like broken glass slicing into his skin .
tr	NNS	Valerius hated how he always stuttered around his father .
tr	NN	The only hidden agenda she had ever had was to climb her way to the top , using any means to get there .
tr	NN	The core glowed brightly for a moment and then went back to normal .
tr	NN	The hook was still there , and so was the string .
tr	NN	A student with a trendy , faded Motorhead T-shirt slapped Todd across his back .
tr	NNS	Whole strings of them blew up one after another - bright flashes and sharp detonations running in sequence from one riverbank to the other .
tr	NNS	Solar cells are great in the short-term , and they 're good for the long-term if you have humans around to clean them .
tr	NN	But instinct is different than an overactive imagination .
tr	NN	The bike lunged forward once , then choked , jerking under them like a bucking horse .
tr	NNS	There was something spiritual about the presence of these images set within the caves .
tr	NNS	" What 'll the nurses say when they catch you with those ? "
tr	NNS	Its jaws dropped open , revealing chunks of bloody skin and ragged swatches of blue jeans between its teeth .
tr	NNS	Various areas are ... enlarged .
tr	NN	Her inability to decipher what the Wise Ones wished of her .
tr	NN	A hospital chaplain moved into her field of vision , dressed in black , a crow coming to pick at bones .
tr	NNS	Everywhere the signs of recovering biological life were evident .
tr	NNS	Chills raced up my spine .
tr	NNS	Dragons basked in the sunlight and elves and humans were gathering flowers and making garlands to adorn each other .
tr	NNS	The edges of the tunnel closest to us reacted to it and started hissing and , before I knew it , disintegrating completely .
tr	NNS	The newest headlines had happened yesterday .
tr	NNS	Next to macaroni and cheese , grilled burgers were Jeff 's all-time favorite food .
tr	NNS	Images of his sons growing up filled the six blocks , the last one taken two years ago when they 'd learned to ski .
tr	NN	An intelligent warrior , his uncle said , always chooses the right time to stand and fight .
tr	NNS	Jewels adorned almost every free spot : fingers , wrists , neck , ears , and hair .
tr	NN	Until the rear ramp opened .
tr	NNS	Her shoulder blades poked out grotesquely , as if any minute they would rip out of her flesh .
tr	NN	The coin felt cool and heavy in my pocket .
tr	NN	My father 's madness and abuse was hard on all of us . "
tr	NNS	And her instincts screamed for her to trust him , stronger and more passionately than her gut instinct had ever believed in Stuart .
tr	NNS	The tentacles of a sea star were sucking the blood out of their veins .
tr	NNS	Things would 've gone well if it hadn 't been for Jason .
tr	NN	There is no difficulty in that ! "
tr	NNS	Most mothers would have the same reaction . "
tr	NN	The lack of sleep from trying to avoid his father 's fists was slowing him down .
tr	NN	On rare occasions , a teacher would break out of his brother 's hold long enough to mark him absent .
tr	NNS	" The Highland warriors have gone soft . "
tr	NNS	There were no horns and no sirens .
tr	NNS	Several members even of the Progressive Element had already been grumbling about it .
tr	NN	" There wasn 't any profit in what they did last night .
tr	NNS	Things aren 't important .
tr	NN	Where is the justice in that ? "
tr	NN	" Love is a horrible thing . "
tr	NN	Additionally , a trio of camels , settled for the night , raised their heads to study the newcomers .
tr	NN	A small cottage in the suburbs , with wisteria and roses and a wicker swing , was worth way , way more than all of this .
tr	NN	The bullet hit Cindy before she could fire her gun .
tr	NNS	As horrible as it is , sometimes those two commands just can 't both happen at the same time . "
tr	NNS	" There are all types of love and for me , this time I spend with you , the closeness we share , is enough .
tr	NN	There is the steam of morning kettles , the mourning for another day , the first cigarette .
tr	NN	The ice dragon seemed very small now , and very broken .
tr	NN	Daddy daddy daddy says Jacob 's Noise .
tr	NNS	The rats had not followed him .
tr	NNS	Squires said , " Clark can take care of himself .
tr	NNS	Cars passed her on both sides , implying she was going too slow .
tr	NN	18 Dion climbed into the passenger seat , oblivious .
tr	NNS	The two primitive programs chirped an affirmative before Beth moved off with the others , keeping the pistol in her hand .
tr	NN	The intruder loomed forwards , and grinned showing a set of teeth in a poor state of repair .
tr	NNS	Faint wisps of smoke twist up into the fine spring air .
tr	NN	Fuckin ' teacher didn 't know anything about it .
tr	NN	The Coming of the Wolves The horizon line is aglow with the end of the day .
tr	NNS	The tickets to the Lord Mayor 's Party lay inside the folds of her purse .
tr	NN	But the rumbling didn 't stop .
tr	NN	" And no theory for it even exists ? "
tr	NN	My prey was significantly larger , but I didn 't mention that aloud .
tr	NNS	Barely a few inches away from me stood the man I had watched earlier .
tr	NNS	Her companions need my help .
tr	NNS	Already my grand efforts as solid citizen and family man proved themselves vain pursuits .
tr	NN	" Right , " said the experienced homicide investigator , sounding relieved .
tr	NN	Then there is this thin layer of black carbon at the top of the dark clay .
tr	NNS	Families entered into their homes to find the furnishings moved about .
tr	NNS	" The first ten thousand Giants fans will receive a special tote bag with the Center 's logo on it . "
tr	NNS	The colours bled together and separated .
tr	NNS	Horus shot a few arrows into the Rebel 's underbelly and drew blood before the ropes snapped and the Serpent ripped free .
tr	NN	The perspiration still on his chest began to cool .
tr	NN	My embarrassment couldn 't get any worse .
tr	NN	Now her fashionable skirts swayed incongruously , the hem sweeping against the grass .
tr	NN	A crisis is a terrible thing to waste ! "
tr	NNS	Both detectives glance at each other again , hesitating to give Jack a straight answer .
tr	NN	The coin from these foreigners would travel far into the countryside .
tr	NN	The courtroom didn 't change on Saturday .
tr	NN	As the crashes continue , the red outline around all of the trees and individual blades of grass appear once again , out of my plain sight .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of Tula rose up in Simon 's mind as if his subconscious was combating what he was seeing .
tr	NN	A glint shone through the trees every now and then as the vehicle made its way up the mountain trail .
tr	NNS	' All cats are strange - they have this aloofness , and they can be moody . '
tr	NNS	Those puzzles were how she kept things right , figured things out .
tr	NN	" Doesn 't appear to be anything strange here , sir , " the sergeant said quietly .
tr	NN	The announcement about Marceau , and Peter 's jabs , had given her something to react to and had unleashed her anxieties .
tr	NNS	Bugs looked at Timmy , Timmy at Bugs .
tr	NN	The bruising on my face was still a brilliant yellow with patches of green .
tr	NN	A tremble wracked the hearth companion .
tr	NNS	That 's not acceptable I 'm afraid , the media are hovering over us again with this Lindisfarne business . "
tr	NNS	There are bits of Raz 's brains dripping from its beak .
tr	NNS	His footsteps echoed in the cavernous room as he walked across the floor to some baggage .
tr	NNS	But not all the cords were individuals ; some were universal truths or universal qualities .
tr	NN	Lea 's annoyance turned to alarm because he had finally noticed her .
tr	NNS	There were no leads in the case and no sign of the mystery car that hit her .
tr	NNS	Words came out in a breathless rush .
tr	NNS	Where are all those lofty promises he made to the Dark races , long ago ?
tr	NNS	In the courtyard a family sat eating a late breakfast , their bikes lined up ready for their day of activity .
tr	NN	The leader bangs on the door .
tr	NN	A bituminous stench mixed with mildew and lichens permeated the cold air .
tr	NNS	The areas of the Ozark plateau in north central Arkansas have historically been a poor area .
tr	NN	No ninja suits , but she beamed as her gaze fell on a rack of coats .
tr	NN	The doomsday scenario called for the certification of a class-action suit , the class being any person who had ever smoked and felt injured because of it .
tr	NNS	" Things are different now . "
tr	NN	The race was just the cornerstone of bigger projects to show that space travel is necessary .
tr	NNS	The sun pours honey over the hills , the grapes swell on the vines , the harvest is brought in .
tr	NNS	The Jets gazed down at them , and the Tanks stopped exercising .
tr	NN	The Red commander asked , " What would you have our limited forces do ? "
tr	NN	Would my murderer simply have returned to his former position ? "
tr	NNS	Many leaders keep a bottle similar to this .
tr	NNS	Lights sparkled on the harbor waters , and the port had a welcoming festive appearance .
tr	NN	The value of keen intuition in science is only superseded by its rarity . "
tr	NN	The stairwell was clear so I backed into the shadows once more and counted .
tr	NN	The resonating sounds become part of the timeless desert landscape .
tr	NN	" Probably the pilot , " he murmured , walking away .
tr	NNS	Hands grabbed for Grand and the axe .
tr	NNS	Marius turned to Colton .
tr	NN	Even with eyes hidden behind sunglasses an aura of " piercing eyes " radiated from him like a broadcast signal .
tr	NNS	" But be aware , Edo , chances are you will definitely die .
tr	NN	A silver rope sat coiled on a spindle near the top .
tr	NNS	But the shouts and roars of the king that he would have expected any other time never came in that conversation .
tr	NNS	Those changes , combined with the aging effect of the intervening years and a change in hair color , are enough .
tr	NN	The insistent clang of metal rang in his ears .
tr	NN	The guilt that crept up slowly in the shadows of my heart and spread like a black sickness through my veins .
tr	NN	The consummate mother hen , Ellen always knew when things weren 't quite right .
tr	NN	" Yes , your teacher and friend , Mantis , saw a scorpion on their uniforms , right ? "
tr	NN	The bark shredded my bare back , grating the satin of my dress .
tr	NN	The language was no problem .
tr	NN	Every instinct , every cell in his body , screamed for him to take what she offered .
tr	NN	" Child , when you get to my age , you know everything . "
tr	NN	The mooring rope snaked back into the submarine .
tr	NN	Marius had told her his method was to imagine his hands swelling with orange fire until it became too much to contain .
tr	NN	" After you took off , his agitation increased .
tr	NN	A high , thin whistle disrupts the morning stillness .
tr	NN	Love knew what she was thinking .
tr	NN	The tension in his muscles receded as he watched it , the clawing at his skin fading away .
tr	NNS	" My apologies , Great Mistress , " she said quickly .
tr	NNS	Bottles shut his door and walked around staring at the damage .
tr	NNS	" Where are your gems ? "
tr	NN	" The infection is pretty bad .
tr	NN	Our division is tough .
tr	NNS	But , the seas were too rough .
tr	NNS	The villagers in the crowd cried out and hugged each other , whimpering over the foreign voice 's command .
tr	NNS	The rolls got loose and TP 'd the dock .
tr	NNS	All her hopes , her dreams she 'd worked so hard for since coming to Shadow Falls , were sitting on the chopping block .
tr	NNS	" Apron strings , my ass , " she muttered to herself .
tr	NN	Yes , the solicitor had telephoned .
tr	NNS	Lots of people go there .
tr	NNS	And there were scales on the table . "
tr	NNS	The authorities can 't seem to get to him ; he 's killed a posse or three in more or less cold blood . "
tr	NN	" How was your vacation , sir ? "
tr	NNS	Others appear to see her , too , as the two of us generate a curious look here and there .
tr	NN	Alaina 's prophecy rang in his ears .
tr	NN	There was a click and the circular handle popped out .
tr	NN	A grown-up thought he knew what he was talking about !
tr	NNS	Tender kisses brought her breathing to short heated gasps .
tr	NN	" A delicious prey .
tr	NNS	Girls who want to fit in don 't chicken out on stuff like this .
tr	NN	So the ghoul returned to the burrow and motioned her companions to be silent .
tr	NNS	The cords in her neck stood out .
tr	NN	So I swallowed it down , holding in the shiver of nerves that tingled through my limbs , the adrenaline spike I knew so well .
tr	NNS	Reyes gathered her close and kissed the top of her head .
tr	NNS	" Love letters , " Harriet repeated faintly .
tr	NNS	Images from yesterday begin to flood into the present .
tr	NNS	Drake 's abilities were still unknown .
tr	NNS	A few seconds later footsteps head my way .
tr	NN	Here , inside the dragon 's cave .
tr	NN	But the possessive gleam in his eyes as he kept her pulled up against his side told me something else .
tr	NNS	" Hey , two degrees can mean the difference between losing and keeping one 's toes . "
tr	NN	The applause turned deafening as she made her way up to the stage .
tr	NNS	But there were other wolves in the police station pack who still pursued their dreams , their art .
tr	NN	No assault seemed to be forthcoming .
tr	NNS	Somewhere in the distance sirens started to howl , and it was just in time because Booker let out a low moan .
tr	NNS	There are figures moving casually about .
tr	NNS	Waves of love that cover you , protect , until the night you rise . "
tr	NN	' My teacher , he offered to give me a ride . '
tr	NN	My hunger bellowed in the silence .
tr	NN	Another patrol unit was over on the east side of the County on a call .
tr	NN	" The teacher didn 't give us a chance , and you know that 's the perfect time when he 's alone .
tr	NNS	Edward 's eyelids slid shut , as he knocked his head back once against the door .
tr	NNS	Not too many zombies coming back around .
tr	NNS	Black Widow bites are severely painful and can be lethal to humans .
tr	NNS	Perhaps the younger members of a camp had split off from the older to start their own camp .
tr	NN	" Our maid , Marjorie , went into town a short while ago to purchase some items for me .
tr	NN	The lack of wind was his best ally .
tr	NN	Last year an intern stole a crate of it .
tr	NNS	" The zombies got them .
tr	NNS	The fears of waking up to that betrayal are in there . "
tr	NN	But the cotton was too wet and the ground was too soft .
tr	NNS	More factories shut down in Michigan , especially the factories that surrounded Detroit .
tr	NN	Right now , honor was all that he had left .
tr	NNS	The chains had long since rusted away .
tr	NN	A blush crept up my neck .
tr	NNS	Squires backed away and shouted , " What 's this about , Brooks ? "
tr	NN	And 2 ) Zachary Goode has never been ordinary a day in his life .
tr	NNS	' Orders from HQ , sir .
tr	NNS	The creatures that dwelt in the dark places under the earth were not the Crystal Spiders of the Hollow Hills .
tr	NNS	Several witnesses claim they saw his young , muscular body writhe between the tires .
tr	NN	Whether her goal had been financial gain or temporary rebellion or oblivion .
tr	NNS	" Yes , those kind -- terrible little creatures , and I don 't want to have to deal with them . "
tr	NNS	" Yeah , well , most shrinks aren 't looking for a little payback because you caught 'em messing around with an underage girl . "
tr	NN	And the EOD agent was fighting to get to her side .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids responded to his command and she was asleep .
tr	NNS	Former colleagues took the stand , answered the questions , put Dan in front of the station house where he 'd said along he had been .
tr	NN	" That explanation seems like a stretch , " I shouted back to Katie , " but then again I 'm only a city boy . "
tr	NN	Then Bonnie 's sympathy turned to nausea .
tr	NN	" This is absurd , " an elder declared , blustering a bit .
tr	NN	A much better actor than he was .
tr	NN	" Why is the hood here in this house ? "
tr	NN	The intruder , dazed from the surprise attack , seemed to recover quickly with the appearance of a telescopic asp from his sleeve .
tr	NNS	Car horns honked and buses shuddered to stops along the curb .
tr	NN	The smells of hundreds of sweaty , dirty men wrapped in tobacco and liquor washed over him along with various other odors .
tr	NNS	Your actions , Emi , are those of fear . "
tr	NNS	The countess arched her white eyebrows .
tr	NN	Love had access to a computer .
tr	NNS	Her letters were graceful and her lines well-balanced .
tr	NN	Her sultry , teasing , inviting demeanor this morning , her unbridled response to his kiss , his thigh , his touch , he thought proved that .
tr	NNS	The Danube in the summertime was blue-green and murky , the currents gently spinning small rifts of foam along the granite blocks of the riverbank in places .
tr	NNS	But weddings were special events in a woman 's life and Domenico didn 't want to shortchange Misty on anything as much as he could help it .
tr	NN	" We applied some neural clips to specific nerves , " the surgeon said , " so they 'll block localized pain without immobilizing you .
tr	NN	A tremor ripped through the ground , spreading out from the tip of the Morgenstern sword .
tr	NNS	The mattress shifted beneath him .
tr	NN	This distinction is important for the following reason .
tr	NN	The foliage started to shake .
tr	NN	This mountain was much larger and rose much higher .
tr	NN	The speedboat was bearing down on him .
tr	NNS	Rufus grabbed him a cold beer , and a seat at the bar and got ready to hear the story .
tr	NN	With its mouth agape , the tyrant charged forth .
tr	NN	The liquid sloshed over the sides as my hands started to shake , and Asher leaned forward to take the mug from me .
tr	NN	" And I mean , the publicity value here , the exposure , is incalculable .
tr	NNS	Others turned around in their chairs .
tr	NN	" No , " the leader said with a groan .
tr	NNS	There were no signs of a struggle here .
tr	NN	Soren 's chant stopped when an image appeared , floating in the air before the front windshield .
tr	NN	Another helper soon arrived with a pail to scoop out enough water to keep him alive .
tr	NN	" And vice versa . "
tr	NN	" His secretary said he would be gone for the next several months .
tr	NN	Suddenly a blue and white police van she had not noticed swerved over to the curb in front of her and stopped .
tr	NNS	The Nevada visitors weren 't acting any better than , say , small-town firemen attending a convention in New Orleans .
tr	NNS	Behind him were shouts , sounds of fighting .
tr	NNS	Elise 's instincts had been right .
tr	NN	The NSDAP government subsidized such improvements . "
tr	NNS	Because assemblers were vastly more complicated than the molecules they made , attempts to design and build them had been difficult from the outset .
tr	NNS	The frames jumped backward until she came to the place she wanted .
tr	NNS	His energy levels are dropping too fast .
tr	NNS	From the street below I heard a bus drive by , car horns honk .
tr	NN	" You see , " the coroner squeaked .
tr	NN	Though right now , his bicep was a close third .
tr	NNS	The directions had been deliberately obscure , but Ezio decided to try to follow them , concentrating as he forced his mind to remember the details .
tr	NN	My God , his accent just melts me , and you have to admit he 's not hard on the eyes .
tr	NN	I finally looked over at your home , Isabelle , and saw the candles burning through the windows , " a close neighbor reminisces .
tr	NN	The compulsion to sleep when the sun came up was imperative , and the sleep itself was like death .
tr	NNS	The emptiness was a reprieve .
tr	NNS	Lights from an overpass cast a muted glow across the canal on either side of where we stood .
tr	NNS	" I 'm going to be five , " little Alicia said , " in July .
tr	NN	The reverend already has the backhoe going , and Pa 's trying to stop him . "
tr	NNS	One agonizing scream , and then it was over .
tr	NNS	Reyes parted his lips and she drove her tongue inside .
tr	NN	If you please , this gentleman be wanting to have words with you . "
tr	NN	The priest started with sudden understanding .
tr	NNS	Perhaps the drinks were finally starting to catch up .
tr	NN	Some TV show ? "
tr	NN	Even in front of the bright firelight there was no sparkle in his eyes .
tr	NNS	The changes she 'd made in herself just made it possible for her to tell him .
tr	NN	His best option was to gain as much altitude as possible and to be above the blasts and shockwaves .
tr	NN	Its prow cut through the waves , driven by Water and Air .
tr	NN	My hands slide beneath his shirt and his skin is so smooth and warm against my fingertips .
tr	NNS	Flames leapt toward the sky , the explosion knocking half of the men to the ground , shattering eardrums .
tr	NN	Thinking of this always makes me feel great and wonder ... .
tr	NN	" Cold soup or wolf jerky , " said Nicolas digging through the backpack .
tr	NN	The other option was an hour 's drive to Dallas and he preferred not making that trip whenever he needed to get somewhere .
tr	NNS	There are generations of addresses here .
tr	NN	A dual hunt like this comes once in a lifetime . "
tr	NN	His exotic Spanish stucco villa was large enough to provide a private room for her , Norma Jean , and each of the other guests .
tr	NN	Nausea rose in the back of Jace 's throat , his hand tightening on Simon 's collar .
tr	NN	There was a discordant and disapproving chorus of " Yes sir , " from the men .
tr	NN	If not , all your reasoning won 't change his mind , and might even make him bring down the axe quicker . "
tr	NNS	His thrusts were slow and gentle at first as he kissed her softly , whimpers escaping her throat .
tr	NN	The maid , her hands visibly shaking , was peeling his ruined waistcoat from him .
tr	NN	Love had turned his head back to face the front .
tr	NN	Tick swallowed a big lump , then took a guess .
tr	NN	My mother-in-law showed me the articles from the hostage crisis .
tr	NNS	Waves of snow began to sweep across the fields , reducing the trees to silhouettes .
tr	NNS	Throwing accusations at me , jealous that I like someone almost as much as I tease you !
tr	NNS	Before she could reply , the members of the pack had surrounded her .
tr	NN	A low growl is emanating from the hallway .
tr	NNS	His footsteps stopped in the door .
tr	NNS	The fierceness in his hard gaze and the intensity of his words caused goose bumps to break out on her skin .
tr	NN	as a spark shot off my car 's trunk .
tr	NNS	The fairies flew down to the children and began chattering excitedly .
tr	NN	A little subconsciously , she rubbed at them through the lacy material .
tr	NN	Just then he heard a noise and watched the van start to drive away .
tr	NNS	" What do you ladies have planned for tonight ? "
tr	NN	" There is no backing out of this one . "
tr	NNS	" Take it out , " Sarah objects .
tr	NN	The teacher kills him and stands up , blood streaming down his chin .
tr	NNS	Islamic flags sat on a stage with a podium taking front and center .
tr	NN	An old-fashioned record player and an iPod sat side by side on a small table beside an antique fainting couch .
tr	NNS	The creatures are faster now , and deadlier . "
tr	NNS	The white blood cells need to be harvested from the tigers in the lab .
tr	NNS	The visits lasted about 4 months .
tr	NN	Your Agent Locke obliged . "
tr	NN	There is proof of the attack ? "
tr	NNS	Images from the night before flashed through her mind .
tr	NNS	Her soft sobs caused her body to shake under the blanket .
tr	NNS	" These creatures didn 't need to die ! "
tr	NN	The big nerve undulated to the cash register and punched " NO SALE " with one of his dendrites .
tr	NNS	The payroll checks are in Jay 's office and I need to hand them out .
tr	NNS	Others were not as fast .
tr	NN	There is no injury that could be righted in that way . "
tr	NNS	Your fans will not .
tr	NN	Gypsy undulated back to the table and pulled his skin back on , just like a scuba diver stretching into his wet suit .
tr	NN	" What did the inspector say ? "
tr	NNS	" White cells counts all normal , protein fractions normal .
tr	NN	his mate said nodding in the direction of Andy and Archie .
tr	NNS	The girl 's expressions brightened opposite to Milton 's .
tr	NN	The bastard who 'd slipped away in that van .
tr	NN	Beyond the Veil there was no hunger , no lust , no need for sleep .
tr	NN	Perhaps the soil of our homeland would be of help . "
tr	NN	' Interesting , ' Love said .
tr	NNS	As far as Supernatural Threats went , ghosts were way down there at the bottom of the list .
tr	NNS	Drugs that make you forget as well as remember .
tr	NNS	After a long while it stopped and dragged down at the base of his skull , spikes sunk in his flesh .
tr	NN	Arguably , the thrust of Adolf Hitler , during the 1939-1945 world conflict , is a perfect example of nurturing potentially unseen futurism .
tr	NNS	There were other cases with Chinese , Russian , French and German writing on them .
tr	NN	another stab , and that one hurt more .
tr	NN	The next yard to the north looked like a canyon that widened at its mouth into a large garden .
tr	NNS	The ladies stared at each other apprehensively .
tr	NNS	The two figures looked up , finally realizing that they were not alone .
tr	NNS	And then the boards creaked again .
tr	NN	" Well , enough chit chat , time to get back to your training . "
tr	NN	He 'd stub out his cigarette in the nearby ashtray , the filter scorched .
tr	NN	Static electricity spirals down his arms .
tr	NN	Within minutes the gas would overtake the entire room .
tr	NN	The scar ran from his left eyebrow , across the bridge of his nose to a spot below his right cheekbone .
tr	NN	" You know , our panel didn 't really deal with Phase 1 .
tr	NNS	As it turned out , their worries were unfounded , as the couple complimented each other remarkably well .
tr	NN	The vote was close , too close to know the results at a glance .
tr	NN	My schedule was pretty busy but I knew I would be able to manage it .
tr	NN	" Hold still , " the stylist said .
tr	NN	His guilt rose , heavy guilt over his past , over all the things he 'd done through the decades .
tr	NN	" Such a smooth talker you are .
tr	NN	The little sod was standing right behind me .
tr	NN	The stairwell stank , and she held Damaris before her as she ascended the steps , taking care to avoid the fallen stones that littered the ground .
tr	NN	Because of its location on a high promontory the vista spanned more than two hundred degrees .
tr	NN	I felt bad for him , his play boy reputation made him look like a popular air head jock .
tr	NNS	Flames of desire flickered through her and her resistance softened like warm candle wax .
tr	NN	This impasse was all fight in her , with no contentment .
tr	NN	The captain must have seen Chris eying them .
tr	NN	A single whistle replied .
tr	NN	The general consensus circulating through the crowd seemed to attribute the disorientation to prior planning by the jewel thieves .
tr	NNS	The other three jewels are yet to be discovered .
tr	NN	" My maid will attend to me .
tr	NNS	Distant relatives adopted me .
tr	NNS	Pitch aside , the materials you gave me were polished . "
tr	NN	His whole manner and posture changed .
tr	NNS	Some signs were universal .
tr	NNS	All metals have magnetic properties : iron , magnesium , manganese , gold , mercury and so on .
tr	NN	' That bastard has just walked into the place ! '
tr	NN	But your sanity was more important .
tr	NNS	Two other spotlights went on , one red , one purple .
tr	NN	she said , a white apron tied over her dress .
tr	NN	The sergeant moved one of the cups of his headset off his ear .
tr	NN	The hippy chick rose to get Molly 's change , letting her flowing caftan tail behind her .
tr	NNS	" These images have already made their way to the internet . "
tr	NN	Lorraine 's manner grew formal , and he bowed .
tr	NNS	Flowers are a man 's way of saying goodbye . "
tr	NNS	" Hot spots like this are sacred to my people .
tr	NNS	Moses shook his head with his hands over his ears .
tr	NNS	Waves of despair swamped her continually .
tr	NN	And what ho , cheerio , here was Mr. Darcy getting his groove on with Miss Bingley under a massive oak tree .
tr	NNS	The Police are handling his murder .
tr	NN	My pulse accelerated as I thought of him on the other side of my door .
tr	NNS	Myles hadn 't really expected them to .
tr	NN	Reeves 's tirade lasted for about half an hour when he put him in the picture the next morning .
tr	NN	A small chuckle escaped me when I realized how my name would fit in so nicely with Sawyer 's .
tr	NN	The justice paused briefly .
tr	NNS	The floors , both wood and marble , gleamed .
tr	NN	The third stall flushed and the woman stepped out .
tr	NN	The roar abruptly ceased .
tr	NN	" I know damnation is eternal , " said the pudgy fiend .
tr	NN	One fallen angel emerged from the smoke , trudging up the hillside , eyes alert .
tr	NN	The prison wanted me here to help explain things to you . "
tr	NN	An inch , not enough to escape him if he wanted to touch me , but enough to be symbolic .
tr	NN	" Ok , tell me what the hell is going on . "
tr	NN	The warm liquid I felt follow led me to the conclusion it wasn 't only her voice that was feline .
tr	NNS	The colors represent their job .
tr	NNS	But here your tales must come to an end .
tr	NNS	" There are a few foreign movies already on DVD . "
tr	NN	" No , but I killed a hunter named LaHood about thirty years ago .
tr	NNS	Their fingernails are digging into my skin , holding onto me tightly .
tr	NN	" But the sheriff still doesn 't want us to go , because he still thinks we must know something . "
tr	NN	Never experienced the thrill of sex in public , of riding the edge of being caught and getting away with being bad .
tr	NN	An agent exited Kaiser 's front door and stepped over to her , saying , " I think you should see this . "
tr	NNS	His jet black spikes pointed towards Mindy .
tr	NN	The stench was toxic , and the tornado was so close that she could see the dust devils clearly through the flying debris .
tr	NN	The usher knocked his staff against the floor .
tr	NN	The main courtyard was alive with people , moving back and forth about their business .
tr	NN	" I ´ m not from so far , " the villain says and then laughs again .
tr	NNS	These two factions were necessary as the Buddha had to preach to people of various intellectual capacities in the diverse social structure at his time .
tr	NN	" A map like this one doesn 't even exist inside of the Ministry .
tr	NNS	All expressions looked doubtful .
tr	NN	Lust was a selfish beast .
tr	NN	The pilot honked a toy horn .
tr	NN	The pen is mightier than the sword .
tr	NNS	The little blue polka-dotted boxers and matching tank top she was wearing shouldn 't have been so damn sexy .
tr	NNS	" Your true colors are beginning to show .
tr	NNS	Flames engulfed him , and I used spirit to summon a silver stake .
tr	NN	Violence and crime are commonplace in Fulham because it 's the smallest zone and the people are packed together like sardines in a tin .
tr	NNS	The sirens had stopped , which indicated that they 'd already parked .
tr	NN	Our most direct route would be to cut straight through the heart of the basin and turn into the far , southwestern end .
tr	NNS	Body , she said to herself , did the aliens even call it a body ?
tr	NNS	Maybe our histories were hinting at similar circumstances .
tr	NNS	Really , his actions were ridiculous .
tr	NNS	Their grins fade when their eyes slide to me , though .
tr	NN	Your gran will be so pleased . "
tr	NN	" Yes , but there is probably a trick or simpler way of undoing any protective magic around the gifts .
tr	NN	But the language is vague , so there 's no way to tell exactly how a court might interpret it . "
tr	NN	Anger and frustration arced off of her like sparks .
tr	NNS	The images were too blurry for her to see what she was doing there .
tr	NNS	Like there were thousands and thousands of other dead people floating up here , too , in a great hazy gray layer .
tr	NNS	The hallways were lit with everlasting torches , giving the home an eerie feel , but he preferred it .
tr	NNS	The wolves were amazingly beautiful .
tr	NNS	All my worries evaporated when he smiled at me and it was more than welcome .
tr	NN	Then the raft sprang a leak and sank and we had to swim through the poop water to get to the shore .
tr	NN	The snake of suspicion was once again rearing its poisonous head in his mind .
tr	NNS	Others are longer letters and we take more care to find someone to match with .
tr	NN	At times , a page would alternate between their different hands a dozen different times .
tr	NNS	These government types don 't understand us .
tr	NNS	John 's instincts took him to the unlit back of the chamber where he found a stairwell hidden in the dark .
tr	NNS	My eyelids just popped open about half an hour ago and when that happens there is no way I 'm getting back to sleep .
tr	NNS	Things I needed to sort out back home .
tr	NN	Philip 's tour was a huge success .
tr	NNS	All four aliens tried to mimic this barrage of new vocabulary , but it came out as a cacophony of gibberish and forced laughter .
tr	NN	An agent handed him the morning paper .
tr	NN	Everything fitting as it should .
tr	NN	I stared at him as he stood in front of me , his robe tied shut .
tr	NN	The dragon opened its eyes which were shining like the glow of a dying fire .
tr	NN	Fierce determination seemed to set my blood to boil .
tr	NNS	The whispers I had been so successful at holding back were rushing forward .
tr	NNS	The signs , however cheerful and bright , have lost some of their letters .
tr	NNS	Lots of people came and went , all wanting her to talk .
tr	NN	Her pulse beat more rapidly as she drank in his appearance . '
tr	NNS	My eyelids started to get too heavy to keep open , and I wanted nothing more than to kick Seth over , so I could lie down .
tr	NN	The children 's schedule and education are much more important than my unannounced visit .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of the young him had now completely vacated his mind .
tr	NN	The phone clattered and the line went dead .
tr	NNS	" Real wolves , the kind that don 't shift , often mate for life .
tr	NNS	" Things will settle .
tr	NNS	And the banks call us every day , throwing money at us .
tr	NN	Our outpost is in a really bad location for phone , and the Internet continually cuts in and out .
tr	NN	" Aye , ' t is here .
tr	NN	A kilometer usually does it . "
tr	NNS	Others heard them in the confined space .
tr	NNS	" There are no reservations under your name . "
tr	NN	Her anonymous caller had found her new cell phone number .
tr	NN	But as my fingers start to wander up Luke 's shirt , my nails gently scratching against his lean muscles , his uncle burst the moment .
tr	NN	Such fanciful opulence stole her breath away .
tr	NNS	Your sneakers show . "
tr	NNS	All three docking ports were on the outer three walls of the command module .
tr	NN	Who is this rider in the night ?
tr	NNS	Some day , with all that the Cities could do , the available calories per person would simply fall below basic subsistence level .
tr	NN	A constant trickle of visitors kept her entertained .
tr	NN	There was something so tender in his expression that it actually made her breath catch .
tr	NN	He eased a fraction away , let her take the call , watching for any sign that necessitated his intervention , his taking over the situation .
tr	NN	The whistle was quick , and the shot came at him , straight at him !
tr	NN	There was an even louder chorus of disapproval at the last point but no questions .
tr	NN	" The fifth stair from the top squeaks .
tr	NN	" Our military supplies are all stored in the bunker over there , " the head cleric said .
tr	NNS	Things have to happen before I can step in .
tr	NNS	Various bouts with smallpox , a number of bullets that never got removed and a general lack of health should have killed him at 50 .
tr	NNS	The restaurants were all full of the dinner crowd .
tr	NNS	Witches deal with things .
tr	NNS	" The depths of the Mountains of Mourning are not to be wondered at , unless you want nightmares for the rest of your life .
tr	NNS	Again there were items unknown to the three so Bob made note of those , and he was next so chapter two was his to dig in .
tr	NNS	" But there are many legends concerning them .
tr	NNS	The villagers he had slaughtered .
tr	NNS	Lots of blood , splattered in haphazard patterns across the walls and across the ceiling .
tr	NN	Before I can turn to head down the sidewalk leading to the road into town , the outrageous growl of the bike surrounds me .
tr	NN	A blush rose on her cold cheeks .
tr	NNS	The hallways all look the same .
tr	NN	The texture of it was smooth like obsidian , but this was black onyx .
tr	NN	Here this chit who had stolen his son stood side by side with his most despised enemy .
tr	NNS	His Highness sent us to retrieve you and bring you home so please don 't be afraid .
tr	NNS	Obviously , those damn pills you 're taking aren 't working they 're just costing us a fortune .
tr	NNS	" Things were never to be this way . "
tr	NNS	Things weren 't looking too good in terms of summer fun in Merry Olde England .
tr	NN	My papa might be looking for me . "
tr	NNS	The media 's full of this morning 's heist , and Murphy 's name 's been mentioned . "
tr	NNS	My movements became more fluid and in sync with the music the longer I felt the beat .
tr	NNS	Harlin whispers , tilting his head near mine as his eyes sweep the area .
tr	NNS	Questions that could lead them to her brother , lead her brother to a court-martial .
tr	NNS	Words flew over Guri 's head ; he pretended to be listening but he 'd already weighed both sides of the question .
tr	NNS	According to the news , the hardest hit regions were overseas , but that didn 't mean America escaped unscathed .
tr	NNS	The images of the old ones had no mes ¬ sages for him .
tr	NNS	Werewolf bites are nasty .
tr	NN	" Of course , " his employer said .
tr	NN	The footman stopped the goose 's momentum before it knocked over a couple of figurines in the garden .
tr	NN	The blue tarp was on the ground and the heat already was building .
tr	NN	There was passion , there was hunger , there was desire that made my balls tight and had my mouth watering for a taste of her .
tr	NN	Contact with Nola was heaven .
tr	NNS	The wood slats moaned and creaked under the weight of the truck .
tr	NN	" I don , t know how you do it .
tr	NNS	The countess was correct .
tr	NNS	Things were unexpectedly cordial between Angeline and Eddie , despite a recent and disastrous bout of dating .
tr	NN	the grad student asked with his head tilted in curiosity .
tr	NN	The paralysis it caused was instant .
tr	NNS	Several jumps had him there and onto the lift .
tr	NN	The captain surveyed her up and down , frowned , and then looked away .
tr	NN	Otherwise , this sibling rivalry will continue , resulting in a very rough ride in your destinies !
tr	NN	Even her gown was spotless .
tr	NN	What a great honor to have you visiting us today . "
tr	NN	Anger and distress radiate from him .
tr	NN	Her posture became more erect .
tr	NN	The sheriff thought they were associates , but in the wrong kind of business .
tr	NN	The tray flew from her hand as she grabbed the railing just before crashing against a nearby table .
tr	NN	" Watch your tone , young lady , " her grandmother interjects .
tr	NN	The werewolf was not a wolf , no , nor a man , but an obscene combination of the two , exponentially more powerful than either one .
tr	NN	The nudity didn 't bother him particularly .
tr	NNS	Where are all the visitors and tourists ?
tr	NN	Its primary function was to render a person temporarily speechless and immobile by affecting the frontal and temporal lobes of the cerebrum .
tr	NN	There was a chuckle that made Gaius 's flesh crawl .
tr	NN	The tarp began to slide away .
tr	NNS	Two pairs of white archivist 's gloves lay on top of the document and Henry and I both put on a pair each .
tr	NNS	Hands pulled her back .
tr	NNS	Others stayed away , not believing that a human , a human who looked overweight , could run so fast .
tr	NNS	" Defensive improvements , would you say ? "
tr	NNS	My Friday knitting sessions were consistently productive ; Jacqueline , in particular , came every week and spent hours knitting squares for Warm Up America .
tr	NNS	" The legends of our people told of the coming of the moon , and the floods , storms , and earthquakes that attended it .
tr	NNS	The androids were the supervisors .
tr	NN	So the duke got what he wanted after all .
tr	NN	As a physicist , his vocabulary left him at odds in social situations .
tr	NNS	" My abilities aren 't suitable for the world .
tr	NN	A long rope of lustrous pearls twined through her blue-black hair .
tr	NNS	Aris said to him inside his mind .
tr	NN	The cub was her niece , a child of her pride .
tr	NN	The senator smiled thinly .
tr	NNS	Our preparations had been largely uneventful .
tr	NNS	And throw pillows and all this girly shit around . "
tr	NNS	My eyelids felt heavy , my body weak and shaky .
tr	NN	The commander shook his head and gave them his condolences .
tr	NN	" Make sure the yard is clean before I get home , or I will call the police . "
tr	NNS	The sharp little gray triangles framed Lulu 's flushed face and made her look even more elfin than usual .
tr	NN	A street vendor was selling coffee on the corner .
tr	NNS	" No sharp cheekbones like her . "
tr	NN	" Apparently , the plant released some material into the environment .
tr	NNS	The other two couples appeared to be shooting a game of doubles while Ash sat on a barstool next to a cocktail table .
tr	NN	That theory puts me into bankruptcy . "
tr	NNS	Thoughts of Jonathan would creep in every now and then and I just pushed them right out .
tr	NN	Overhead , in the canopy , monkeys used the highway of tangled vines to converge and follow the woman as she made her way through the forest .
tr	NN	The audience gave him a standing ovation at the end .
tr	NNS	The scales suit you .
tr	NNS	" Names , the women have names . "
tr	NNS	People 's minds can be bent into doing strange things without the use of enchantments .
tr	NNS	Reyes made a decision not to tip his hand .
tr	NN	Her teacher leaned against the brick of the building .
tr	NNS	The petals continued to fall from the trees sweetly and calmly .
tr	NN	What 's the age range ?
tr	NN	The warrior blew out a shallow sigh .
tr	NNS	The ideas running around in my head were killing me .
tr	NN	My function is to fulfill my orders , and my orders are to launch .
tr	NN	" Where is the Vessel , Mike ? "
tr	NN	The pilot seemed confused .
tr	NN	What was the degree of axial tipping ?
tr	NN	The charm of his crazy , offensive behavior was starting to wear off .
tr	NN	Out in the valley , the wing repeated its looping pass .
tr	NNS	Where we go to school , what our classes are , our siblings ' names , our parents ' names .
tr	NNS	Muscles bulged across his shoulders and rippled under his tailored trousers .
tr	NN	The soft texture reminded her more of an animal pelt than human hair .
tr	NN	When the fuse burnt to the base , the mortar fired with a dull thud .
tr	NN	A roar of something else , wind ?
tr	NNS	Looks like the black widow doesn 't like to get caught up in the very thing she 's created .
tr	NN	A small trickle of blood snakes its way down his exposed abdomen .
tr	NNS	With the bustle of people and the different sections of tunnels came all types of odors .
tr	NNS	Cadmus leaned toward me , brushing his lips across my cheek bone .
tr	NNS	The Jets flew well above the ground , hopefully high enough to avoid attention from people down below .
tr	NN	The equipment doesn 't run on the ship 's power , so it will still work . "
tr	NNS	Piloting planes had come easy to her and it was something she especially loved , so her adopted father , Gabriel , had allowed her to learn .
tr	NN	The payoff is better in the end , don 't you think ? "
tr	NNS	Here in the States the media didn 't follow her around .
tr	NN	From what I hear , the divorce was ugly . "
tr	NNS	The other ladies nodded .
tr	NNS	There were built-in racks along three walls and a large built-in dresser on the wall next to the door .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of Miss Gates ran rampant through his mind .
tr	NN	This method of rolling out the programme isn 't acceptable , especially as it will steadily intensify in complexity . "
tr	NN	To the boy the arrival of angels could sound no sweeter ; Mum was coming to save him .
tr	NNS	With the moon coming up too , all the wolves will be itchy .
tr	NN	An eternity came and went before he spoke .
tr	NNS	Words would give too much away and Gabe was already dealing with a large amount of his own emotional conflict as it was .
tr	NNS	Kylie 's footsteps slowed .
tr	NNS	Not anything remotely like that whatsoever .
tr	NN	the agent asked , scribbling on my ticket .
tr	NNS	Throughout the remainder of the book , letters and sometimes a number in a page number had been circled .
tr	NN	" There was always a certain affinity between them .
tr	NN	His greatest passion is writing .
tr	NNS	Other than the door , there were no other exits , so the only thing I could do was wait .
tr	NNS	Others were barely discernible - bathroom nightlights and perhaps the glows of Kindles and Nooks .
tr	NNS	There are thousands of people out there just like you .
tr	NN	The hood pulled a switchblade out of his pocket with his right hand and slammed the blade into Dave 's stomach .
tr	NNS	There were no batteries of any size in the top drawers .
tr	NNS	The fans screamed outside and dozens of hands with cell phones flew up to take pictures .
tr	NNS	The concepts added a wide eyed glance and a frown to the eyebrow display .
tr	NN	And the manner in which he was killed was a message , one guaranteed to reveal the sender . "
tr	NN	If he was in here with us now , Chance would never let you do what I 'm about to suggest . "
tr	NN	The same incredible zing went through me as when he 'd touched me after school on Wednesday .
tr	NNS	Various negative experiences underlined the problem .
tr	NN	The recovery of the information included the names of teachers , and this proved crucial .
tr	NN	" Oh , you are smooth , " my comrade butted in .
tr	NNS	And chances were that if I took the coin , the demon that came with it might coerce or corrupt me into the same thing .
tr	NN	Part of her refusal to act resulted from shame , and part stemmed from feeling somewhat responsible for her own fate .
tr	NNS	Summers in the south were brutal and today was a scorcher .
tr	NNS	Reyes couldn 't really imagine what this was like for Angelica , the horror of it , seeing all this perversion all at once .
tr	NNS	His legal eagle instincts piqued , urging him to dissect her statement .
tr	NN	Her impractical black silk gown hung off one shoulder , revealing the pale , trembling , heaving skin beneath .
tr	NNS	Cooper is quite right , there were gaps in the story and many questions I 'm eager to ask .
tr	NNS	Her letters to Duncan 's beloved wife should be in your safe keeping .
tr	NN	The feline didn 't budge .
tr	NN	Jem 's first arrest came when she was nine , shortly after our mother 's death .
tr	NN	the hook came flying back at me and woulda taken my sight probably if I hadn 't turned my head real fast .
tr	NNS	The ceilings are high , and it 's hard for me to change the bulbs in that fixture .
tr	NNS	Things that get inside your skull and start gnawing .
tr	NNS	# The new batteries for the remote control worked perfectly .
tr	NN	" Three hours should be enough time , " Storm said for everyone 's benefit .
tr	NN	The shooter 's going to pay for that . "
tr	NNS	Flames erupted , consuming the foliage and narrowing the battlefield , forming a barrier around the fallen angels .
tr	NN	I ' l settle for you . "
tr	NNS	Our siblings assist us provided that those who appear to be already tagged for the underworld are delivered by them without our interference . "
tr	NNS	Images of him demanding sexual favors in return for him clothing himself .
tr	NNS	The Norton twins were tortured beyond human endurance .
tr	NN	" But success would remain highly unlikely .
tr	NN	the captain bawled , firing again .
tr	NNS	The roads are slick so we decided to travel together .
tr	NNS	So many men ... ' ' Grandma ... ! ' '
tr	NN	From up here , the factory was tiny .
tr	NNS	Relief pools in my numb extremities .
tr	NN	The receptionist perked up as soon as her eyes landed on me , so I smiled and stepped forward .
tr	NN	The padding of bare feet on marble told her that Renny was following .
tr	NN	A spark of pain flashed in his eyes .
tr	NN	The setup blew any previous romantic gesture anyone had done for me out of the water .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared as he caught a scent he remembered too well .
tr	NNS	prints left on it ? "
tr	NNS	The long strands angled down into darkness with an occasional black tentacle reaching out toward the sub .
tr	NN	A formality that would get me my fourth and final wish .
tr	NNS	There were strategic rips in the stockings .
tr	NN	" There was a small arsenal of automatic rifles , AR-15s , with enough ammo to take Cuba . "
tr	NNS	A new mattress would not go amiss , either .
tr	NN	There 's just a bruise .
tr	NN	the lead rebel refused and the crowd fell quiet again .
tr	NNS	" Things are different .
tr	NNS	There 's just ... emptiness where she used to be . "
tr	NNS	The distant murmurs of tourists huddling back as soldiers herded them with batons .
tr	NN	Head high , her shawl and light gown billowing in the wind , Eleanor Ramsay walked out of Hart 's life .
tr	NNS	At least her efforts over the weekend did not go unnoticed and the praise she received from her teachers allowed a brief respite for her troubled mind .
tr	NN	In the next instant , the van came careening straight for Chance .
tr	NN	When did a werewolf turn into a full-blown werewolf ?
tr	NNS	Someone 's pulling strings , aren 't they ? "
tr	NNS	Like us , our mothers were also close friends .
tr	NN	The novice screams , bends sideways .
tr	NN	A bad slave can be worse than a bad owner .
tr	NN	A sob ripped through her when she felt the bed shift , felt him draw his mouth away from where she needed it most .
tr	NNS	The jaws of Dave , Arnold , Gladys and Madge dropped as Deb smiled at Bob .
tr	NNS	The puffs of white my breath made in front of me were practically freezing into icy clouds .
tr	NN	The knight took his spear , raised it straight up , then began to bring it down in a strange motion .
tr	NN	The forward momentum of the car was enough to carry the vehicle over and across the last few feet of the span .
tr	NN	There 's a clipped precision to the tone .
tr	NN	The pot fell from his limp fingers -- how could he ever think of striking something so beautiful ?
tr	NNS	Curious , she wandered over , then smiled when she saw that he was talking to a litter of frolicking , long-haired puppies .
tr	NN	Thankfully , the notebook was all in code , looking like a daily schedule of meetings with friends .
tr	NNS	Eye witnesses say there was no indication it was about to blow . "
tr	NN	The hippy chick ignored him , and focused on Molly .
tr	NNS	On the tab written in all caps were the words M. SULLIVAN .
tr	NN	To his delight , the old parchment didn 't crack or break .
tr	NNS	Others joined her in that ring while plenty took the other rings .
tr	NNS	This woman 's soft ministrations did nothing to dispel this notion .
tr	NNS	Where fur showed through , thin spots and white streaks marked dozens of battle scars .
tr	NN	Only a serious injury could cause that much blood .
tr	NN	The colonel was dead serious .
tr	NNS	" Your directness is one of the things I like best about you . "
tr	NN	Abruptly the small clearing fills with light as Thor and Hercules appear looking angry and on guard prepared to fight .
tr	NNS	These daggers can only wielded by those with angelic blood .
tr	NNS	' The zombies kill him . '
tr	NN	Maybe there 's some trick to avoiding the Shades . "
tr	NN	The paint looks fresh .
tr	NN	There was a passion behind the words that surprised Jazz .
tr	NN	A wicked gleam entered his eyes .
tr	NNS	Terror washes like a deadly tide before him , and fear of him makes strong men weak .
tr	NN	" A two-faced bitch who could have babies , " I started walking again .
tr	NNS	The masks meant it could be something inhaled .
tr	NNS	The last couple texts were all I needed as my proof that my gut was officially spot on .
tr	NNS	The cats were all of three feet off the ground .
tr	NN	" The exercise isn 't about making you more money , child .
tr	NN	One shelf contains a beautiful wooden chest .
tr	NNS	Black bars line the single window that faces the exterior of the building .
tr	NNS	The footsteps of my neighbors boomed against my ears and I shuddered .
tr	NN	The entire presentation took 30 minutes .
tr	NNS	There are consequences for breaking the rules .
tr	NNS	Others believe it is utilized in the B2 Stealth Bomber to explain some inconsistencies in its power to lift ratio .
tr	NN	The weariness sunk in instantly .
tr	NN	A gloom followed the pain .
tr	NNS	Although the man in the image is clearly Thomas , his actions , mannerisms and voice seem to have taken on an individual personality of their own .
tr	NNS	Our tongues gently searching each other 's mouth , him playing with my hair and running his fingers along my shoulders .
tr	NNS	And even though we were twenty and twenty-four years old , stockings hung from the mantel for Andie and me .
tr	NNS	There aren 't any specifics on their condition , and it 's going to be tough getting past the roadblocks . "
tr	NN	And the electricity that had connected their stares now coursed and sparked throughout Morgan 's paralyzed body .
tr	NNS	The drops burned like dry ice on contact .
tr	NN	A dragon tail swung out and rammed into her , sending her flying to the side .
tr	NN	" Well , I 'm going to have to explain a little bit of background first , " said Anderson as he pulled out a map .
tr	NNS	Sadness isn 't hot tears .
tr	NNS	While I am speaking , other meetings are under way . "
tr	NNS	The gems , lose and set , appeared so flawless they could have been paste .
tr	NNS	Obviously , the directors already knows why I 'm here .
tr	NNS	The twins looked at her sheepishly .
tr	NN	The BMW Z4 Roadster convertible was her baby .
tr	NNS	Shouts came from the street ahead .
tr	NN	The man 's body language suggested that he was searching for something .
tr	NNS	Shayne 's twins would still always be my niece and nephew .
tr	NN	But the route I had chosen instead blurred and disappeared from my vision .
tr	NN	" No , " my grandmother scoffed .
tr	NN	A mass of dark pines rose behind the houses .
tr	NNS	There 's gates and guards and people with guns to shoot your ass as soon as they see it . "
tr	NN	Her uncle accepted a teacup and saucer from her .
tr	NNS	" But what are the chances he 'd find you on such a busy thoroughfare ? "
tr	NNS	Still there were signs the country was beginning to recover .
tr	NN	No childish stuff anywhere , save for one lone penguin standing guard at the foot of her unmade bed .
tr	NN	Reality intruded explosively a few feet away .
tr	NN	The reflection of the torches lighting the entrance danced across the floor .
tr	NNS	There was a deep emptiness about the place , as if its energy had been deliberately bled out .
tr	NN	The creak of a footstep made them both turn .
tr	NNS	Square dancers have some pretty sweet costumes . "
tr	NN	The pulsing hatred behind the words she screamed at me earlier return .
tr	NNS	" The werewolves won 't find me .
tr	NNS	The fountain mechanisms creaked and groaned , shivering the quiet into pieces .
tr	NNS	His instincts were never wrong .
tr	NN	No mister is necessary .
tr	NN	Julian 's scowl deepened .
tr	NNS	Flames of fear licked through my body , kindling the madness Aly created in me , and my gut twisted into the tightest knot .
tr	NNS	Tomorrow 's headlines will read something like , ' How Can the Mayor Run the City When He Can 't Even Run His Household ? '
tr	NNS	The creatures , the terrain , and everything that encompasses this place is unlike anything our military has faced , and reality has hit us hard .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids fluttered open , wide , and their gazes met .
tr	NNS	The planes of his face seemed to have hardened subtly , tightened aged .
tr	NNS	Bottles of beer floated in what was once ice .
tr	NN	Relieved that Nick had accepted the news so well , the older attorney cleared his throat .
tr	NNS	At least the security preparations had worked her into an exhausted sleep through the night .
tr	NN	Love is not only care , protection , provision , intimacy and passion ; it is a magical concoction of all pure human emotions .
tr	NN	Absolute concentration on detail will bring the author of this note to us . "
tr	NN	The trio headed back to the room after lunch to change into their bathing suits and lather up with sunscreen .
tr	NN	His voice lowered , all indecent , making me squirm .
tr	NNS	Curious to see the rest of the apartment , Hannah followed him down the narrow hallway .
tr	NNS	The captives were now in two separate groups .
tr	NNS	The media doesn 't even bother to ask him about his past .
tr	NN	Every instinct told him to get the hell out of there , but something else tugged at his brain , pushing him forward .
tr	NNS	Just looking at him sent ripples of pleasure across the surface of Hanna 's skin .
tr	NNS	The two wolves rol ed over and over together , bumping into the shins of those who goaded them on .
tr	NN	The watchman saluted again .
tr	NN	Her stepmother , on the other hand , was wearing a frown and a tangerine Ungaro ensemble .
tr	NN	" No , " Jazz said softly .
tr	NN	But if his absence had been a sign , what did his return signify ?
tr	NNS	Not many supernaturals , besides witches or sorcerers , ever come here .
tr	NN	And yet ... Blood ... her own hunger rose again , filling her up , becoming all that she knew , strengthening her .
tr	NN	Our Keeper didn 't care about any of that .
tr	NN	The pup was playing again ?
tr	NNS	" His efforts to colonise the idyllic planet of Cavalier Embrace have come to nothing , thanks to the good in the universe .
tr	NN	" Milk or sugar , miss ? "
tr	NN	A tremor of need rocked through her .
tr	NNS	Images from my nightmare flash into my mind like gunshots , each one piercing and wounding me .
tr	NN	The reflection didn 't look like her at all but some other woman , some person she thought she 'd never be .
tr	NN	When things don 't go my way my first instinct is to whine about it .
tr	NN	He flew up until he could see the contours of the nation below him , the clear cut shoreline , the sugar-coated peaks of the mountain ranges .
tr	NN	A baron is a man of great power .
tr	NN	His boot jammed reflexively against the gleaming metal cabinet with a single thud .
tr	NN	His relaxed core warmed her and allowed her some measure of confidence as well .
tr	NN	The stench of marijuana fills my nostrils as I run past the vendors , leaving them on the left side of the beach .
tr	NN	The stench of stale air mingled with garbage -- I would 've gave anything to trade my gas mask in for an oxygen mask right about now .
tr	NNS	Things have changed and they 've changed dramatically after seventeen years . "
tr	NN	A fellow at the bar looks me up and down .
tr	NN	The warning whistle sounded , the rails beneath their feet rumbling in anticipation .
tr	NN	The creature 's lurching momentum drove it into the sharp weapon .
tr	NN	A loud crash came from the house with the hole in its roof .
tr	NN	After a moment the slave leaned back on her heels .
tr	NNS	Its horns were getting caught on the metal and it seemed too stupid to figure out that it only needed to lower its head to fit through .
tr	NNS	And the first three digits of each telephone number indicate that they most probably share the same office .
tr	NNS	Parts of the street had caved in leaving fissures that went down to the streets below .
tr	NN	" A little shopping foreplay ? "
tr	NN	" What about copper and tin ?
tr	NN	The seer was a kid .
tr	NNS	Things would come when they was right and proper .
tr	NNS	The forests spreading beyond the temple were wild and unkempt .
tr	NN	The fan he used to drown out the sounds of his neighbors and traffic was off too .
tr	NN	After a few moments of rest , the warrior motioned us over to him .
tr	NNS	As I suspected , her fees can be quite high .
tr	NN	The railing was the only thing keeping me erect while I struggled to catch my breath .
tr	NN	A large black spider scurried down the drain , and I hastily backed out .
tr	NN	Damion 's net value each year continued to go up .
tr	NNS	Field hockey buddies for years , she and Kirsten had already roomed together when traveling to out-of-state games .
tr	NNS	" Things didn 't turn out well , My Chief .
tr	NNS	Her pupils got big and she looked at the face of the stranger .
tr	NNS	Images rushed into her head , unbidden .
tr	NN	" It was glamour , " the elf said , damning me with a look .
tr	NNS	His stupid grandparents had raised him believing that I was his father .
tr	NN	The pilot passed out , but it was now in a dead fall back to earth .
tr	NNS	Marius appeared out of the smoke in front of the elevator , brushing off the sleeves of his thick jacket .
tr	NNS	All three combined is ... a different kind of stupid formerly unheard of by humankind . "
tr	NN	" Good thing he doesn 't check his mail , " Jazz said somberly .
tr	NN	" Maybe the widow needed some help carrying the heavy load ? "
tr	NN	But what the murderer had done afterward lodged bile in my throat .
tr	NN	A leader must know loneliness .
tr	NN	My walls tumble knowing I 'm giving into his request .
tr	NN	The conflict on Dermot 's face was painful to see .
tr	NNS	But the shady characters had disappeared .
tr	NNS	Things started to go wrong when the Feds got involved .
tr	NN	Only a Trojan priest and a retired soldier from the Maiden 's Guard were there to see me arrive back home .
tr	NNS	My heart races and this surge is something unknown .
tr	NN	The lapel was open and loose exposing her collarbone where I could see the faint line of a silver necklace .
tr	NN	The dock was cold and damp .
tr	NNS	Others just hate talking to people . "
tr	NN	Jack 's growl was her only warning before he was on her .
tr	NNS	In my mind , thousands of different scenarios played around and none of them ended even slightly well for me .
tr	NN	Her theory was that the engine got overheated and blew . "
tr	NNS	Lord Holland 's servants know me , and his grounds march with the palace gardens : it is not a mile from his house .
tr	NNS	The stakes were too important .
tr	NNS	The mercenaries looked ready to faint in terror .
tr	NN	The siren flashed a smile but it this one was clearly evil .
tr	NN	Her grandmother was a matchmaker , but at least she was subtle about it .
tr	NNS	Sharp talons had raked his upper body leaving deep gashes .
tr	NNS	" These deposits don 't seem to correlate to any of those sales . "
tr	NN	There was no receptionist .
tr	NNS	The seats and floor were immaculate , not a speck of dirt anywhere .
tr	NN	The escort typed in a code on the keypad and the doors whisked apart .
tr	NN	The sergeant stood back , saying , ' We 'll get you an escort , My Lady .
tr	NN	With any luck , though , the holding pattern wouldn 't have to continue much longer .
tr	NNS	" Of course , your Highness , " Adara replied , rising quickly .
tr	NN	A long rope , attached to the ceiling held a big washer ; you swung the washer and attempted to ring the hook .
tr	NN	My chuckle turned into laughter .
tr	NNS	Tall spires of white marble tickled the clouds , and ferocious sculptures of exotic beasts adorned every building .
tr	NN	The creature 's momentum carried its bulk past Jordan .
tr	NN	" And no psycho exes . "
tr	NN	" Hello , Albany County Police Department , " the secretary answers .
tr	NNS	My skills are ... " Rhiannon shrugged .
tr	NNS	On their flat faces were two arcs on either side where a dim light bounced up and down .
tr	NN	Has your sentence taught you nothing ? "
tr	NNS	The spotlights shone down on us as we climbed the stairs and Jax took the mic at the podium .
tr	NN	Daniel 's uncle shook his head .
tr	NN	Another cascade of limbs beat the ground with another step .
tr	NNS	Single guardians lived in little more than dorms .
tr	NNS	The kisses started out sweet almost reverent , just his lips tender and chaste tracing a line across her belly .
tr	NN	There was only one explanation .
tr	NNS	Then , all the breakers clicked off .
tr	NNS	The footsteps belonged to Lord Quinn .
tr	NN	And the tray might be worth a bit of gnawing as well .
tr	NN	Throughout the man 's conversation , gusto was the most striking characteristic .
tr	NN	The recorder also stands , and slips his screen into his bag .
tr	NN	" So ... the sheriff didn 't tell you anything about the murder ? "
tr	NN	Dark foliage rising into the sky , not to let the adversaries out of their sight -- leaving a green replica of itself behind .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids twitched a bit .
tr	NN	" Oh yes , a genius like you doesn 't just attend my class without my knowing about it . "
tr	NNS	Marius relaxed but Dead Meat continued to guard his face .
tr	NN	the leader said abruptly , got up and left .
tr	NNS	There are insects that sing almost constantly throughout the summer on the beaches along the Gulf Coast and they were making their noise , now .
tr	NN	In a funny way , the warden 's prophecy had come true .
tr	NNS	Although creatures can come into the yard .
tr	NN	The raven opened its beak in astonishment .
tr	NN	Sometimes the rivalry lasted well beyond the grave .
tr	NNS	Two sales ladies descended upon us , eyes alight with the possibility of large commissions , but froze in their tracks with one venomous look from Sofie .
tr	NN	The final value will depend on how much food , coal , lumber and other basic raw materials we can export in exchange for renminbi .
tr	NN	His father-in-law nods his head in approval .
tr	NNS	Things were just getting interesting , when we heard Demetri gagging from the living room .
tr	NN	The British ambassador let out a strangled laugh of disbelief .
tr	NN	The foliage was denser than ever and my feet were in agony .
tr	NN	There was an initial loud roar , but the sound was immediately swallowed up and muffled by the blanketing effect of the fog .
tr	NNS	The two chosen warriors sprint to either side of the large open emergency doors and take up defensive positions , holding their rifles at the ready .
tr	NNS	Things were not holding together .
tr	NNS	Two black bladed daggers came out of my wrists and I threw them at the Light Ninja as it approached me .
tr	NN	A pale scar bisected her left eyebrow , and he found himself wondering how she 'd been injured .
tr	NNS	Lights flickered on revealing a store room lined with more protective suits .
tr	NN	To one side a gigantic cheese plant sat next to a huge chrome desk stacked with an array of equipment .
tr	NNS	Things were still missing , and floating back to the surface .
tr	NNS	Reyes , come here .
tr	NNS	Marble chips flew as the rounds hit next to Zane 's head .
tr	NN	The government isn 't willing to pay for it like they do in the cities .
tr	NN	The vast majority of the temples in the Angkor region are Hindu in influence ; the remainder are Buddhist .
tr	NNS	When she places her hands on my shoulders , my eyelids open .
tr	NN	The wraith dove into the water and came up screaming in pain .
tr	NNS	" Things have been going well .
tr	NN	Outside , his secretary had told him the other three captains were there .
tr	NNS	The special directions for today 's work would be waiting by the door in the mudroom .
tr	NNS	The taut peaks welcomed him , teasing him with what he couldn 't see but damned well intended to explore .
tr	NN	The tail is good for meat , the head and feet are good for souvenirs , and the skin is good for clothing , shoes or purses .
tr	NNS	The leaders of the different tribes , had forbidden the use of the pyramid cities many drugs but it could not stop a warrior who wanted them .
tr	NN	The matron returned to her desk , and a few minutes later , Elizabeth appeared .
tr	NN	No more pit stops , no more distractions , just heading straight there and finishing this one way or the other . "
tr	NNS	The mercenaries nodded , " we will take our chances .
tr	NN	The honeyed amber liquefied , her expression so soft and unsure .
tr	NNS	About three thousand acres , with beautiful beaches , forests and more flowers than Sean could remember seeing anywhere .
tr	NNS	The creatures moved into areas that humans couldn 't reach by normal means .
tr	NNS	Other visitors would arrive after that .
tr	NNS	The burgers come out and we sit at the picnic table eating them and sharing a couple of root beers .
tr	NN	" Your aunt Eleanor in Texas would probably be willing to take you girls in for a while . "
tr	NNS	The -- the spy board members had just constructed a cover story that fit my current circumstances .
tr	NNS	Somewhere in the building , footsteps echo .
tr	NN	Paul grimaced at the scrubbed face of a young man in his early twenties , a laptop opened and balanced precariously on his knees .
tr	NNS	Giant creatures that swallow stars whole . "
tr	NNS	The winds alone would have been hard for a woman her size to battle .
tr	NNS	Things can change , Harriet .
tr	NNS	The members of the board have not done with me ; but even without them , Edward was truly the start of my spiritual awareness .
tr	NN	The bullet had gone through his arm cleanly , but it had damaged the muscle enough that he would be on light duties for a while .
tr	NN	A long , spiraled cable ran from the headset to one of the monitoring boxes on the table .
tr	NN	The maid was in the house .
tr	NN	" And the government has no issues with it ? "
tr	NN	The piper glared at him , and blew again . '
tr	NNS	" Things don 't always happen when we want them to , but everything will come together when it 's time .
tr	NN	The sentence had stuck with her , partly because it was about the stupidest thing she 'd ever read .
tr	NNS	Girls that he 'd talked to , girls that he 'd dated .
tr	NNS	Two golden globes tipped by long dark nipples standing up in bold and brazen demand .
tr	NN	Her accent was French .
tr	NNS	The twins were actually pretty nice girls and he liked hanging out with them .
tr	NNS	Those deranged creatures have been tormenting my cousin !
tr	NNS	Shay 's fingernails grew into claws .
tr	NN	Their race , so precarious , teetering on the brink of extinction , could not survive another vampire hunt .
tr	NN	His flashlight is nearby but it 's dead .
tr	NNS	The official interviews were winding down .
tr	NN	Part of the wall , moved by levers , fell outward with a crash into the pool .
tr	NNS	Muscles bunched under my touch .
tr	NNS	Bloody footprints led away from his room and down the corridor .
tr	NNS	Hephaestus ran to the skeleton of the shuttle they had been building .
tr	NN	" History makes these times out to be full of war and death .
tr	NN	" The old bitch pronounced that when the girl speaks , all within earshot shall drop down dead . "
tr	NNS	Images of Stellan falling backward out the window flashed again into her mind .
tr	NN	Instead the tribe honored him by giving him the name " Goes Ahead First . "
tr	NN	" That orange paint sticks out like a sore thumb in the woods .
tr	NNS	Looks like I live another Sol .
tr	NN	My headquarters are just up the hill . "
tr	NN	" My investigator dropped out and Mr. Reacher agreed to take over his role . "
tr	NNS	But those factors aren 't as reliable as you might want to believe .
tr	NNS	" Even with Darius 's power , there are limits to what you can do .
tr	NNS	Others gape , their mouths hanging open .
tr	NNS	The horns of a bison are very thick and hard .
tr	NNS	Things didn 't look so good .
tr	NNS	Horrible images filled my mind , and I struggled to push them aside .
tr	NN	The lamp gradually darkened , going first translucent and then finally solid metal once again .
tr	NNS	Nervous pangs , almost painful , bit and poked at Tick 's insides .
tr	NNS	The members of the Gaming Commission received Lara with elaborate courtesy .
tr	NNS	Not all handlers master it .
tr	NN	" I 'm sure it will please him , " said his uncle .
tr	NN	I said it 's because I added lavender oil , ' said the Dean loudly .
tr	NN	Underneath , his clothing stuck to his skin like a tight second layer .
tr	NNS	" Where do you ladies think you 're going ? "
tr	NNS	There were even more servants in the hall and each one fanned my frustration .
tr	NN	Our value doubled over the weekend . "
tr	NN	She could have slept for hours more , curled against Jax , his warm solid body a safe refuge .
tr	NN	The bullet strikes the Mog right between the eyes .
tr	NN	His assessment was , more or less , on target .
tr	NN	A student in a rather peculiar backwater of the natural philosophies called aberrant biology .
tr	NNS	Others were pygmies whose height barely reached three feet .
tr	NNS	Odysseus supposed it might be true , but if so then the kings of the land didn 't know where it was .
tr	NN	" It 's a brave thing that you are doing , " The intern whispered to him just out of sight of the others .
tr	NN	The leader did understand .
tr	NN	" Resistance brings punishment .
tr	NNS	Soldiers must have mopped up after your kills , making certain to slow down identification .
tr	NN	The castle was much too big to live in alone .
tr	NNS	The traitors didn 't delay .
tr	NNS	The warriors who were still standing , were doing exactly and only that , still standing .
tr	NNS	Their handlers assure them otherwise . "
tr	NN	" Take off your hood , " the first rogue growled .
tr	NN	His rich baritone concluded the song .
tr	NNS	Other competitors took a more savage approach , hurling cinder blocks and wielding other debris as weapons .
tr	NN	The legal limit is point zero eight .
tr	NN	The tractor stopped and the tree fell on Mr. Turner .
tr	NN	The priest was watching him closely .
tr	NN	The design was totally inked in black and Mia was scrolled above it .
tr	NN	The ease of her comment hinted she was aware of his crush .
tr	NN	Have a goodnight everybody !
tr	NN	An affliction all of us see , feel , and smell every single day of our lives .
tr	NN	The bastard had his fingers everywhere , a black spider dancing in the intelligence web .
tr	NN	An unmistakable crash came from somewhere upstairs , followed by rushed footsteps across the top hall and down the top half of the stairs .
tr	NN	" And I ' l cal first to make sure she 's not there . "
tr	NN	The luxury of having 21st century knowledge while enjoying the simplicity of the early 19th century was almost too much to handle .
tr	NNS	There are elderly couples who get married and separate .
tr	NNS	Twin booms thundered in the air .
tr	NN	An odd notion he 'd never noticed before , but come to think of it , he rarely shot the breeze .
tr	NNS	More images and sensations rose until she felt she was drowning in black ink .
tr	NN	What good would their teaching do him if he was going to walk into the sun anyway ?
tr	NNS	The ominous thuds of footsteps reached the top of the stairs by the time the bed was in place against the heavy door .
tr	NN	A thin strip of water lay beyond that , between the island and the mainland .
tr	NN	Three days after Ethan left , the word NO appeared , inked in black Sharpie on my left hand .
tr	NNS	After years of living in Australia , there were several smells that Simon could never forget ; one of them being the smell of eucalyptus .
tr	NNS	" Identify yourselves please . "
tr	NNS	" His actions pose a threat to all of us .
tr	NN	When I reached the front door , there was a bouquet of flowers with a note .
tr	NN	The damage might stall the delivery truck .
tr	NNS	" There 's grenades hidden in the grass .
tr	NNS	He had warned her the traitors would do whatever necessary to gain command of her Medallion .
tr	NNS	Incredible as it seemed , the winds did not lose their strength even after hurling me up for what seemed like a while .
tr	NN	Round and round until the drums were a thrumming in her blood .
tr	NN	The schedule just came up on our computer .
tr	NNS	Doors lined the wall .
tr	NN	My training bra was kind of like a wide elastic band , so it had a lot of stretching power .
tr	NNS	The trails are looking great today . "
tr	NNS	Slowly , one by one the wolves got up to hopefully go take showers .
tr	NN	The equipment was nothing compared to what some of the top-notch reporters surrounding them had , but it would do the job .
tr	NNS	There were a dozen power cards .
tr	NN	The steam from the shower started to fill the room .
tr	NNS	Things were definitely going my way .
tr	NNS	Quadratic equations were a great way to pass the afternoon .
tr	NN	Any beef you have , take it up with me -- or the coach .
tr	NNS	Romulus let the parchment edges curl under the torch 's flame .
tr	NN	The tapestry had to hold some answers , but the answers eluded them .
tr	NN	A loud rap at the front door brought me out of my reverie .
tr	NN	Excellent choice , the Sphinx said .
tr	NNS	Families were in those houses .
tr	NN	Love just makes a man miserable .
tr	NNS	With a loud clank , noisy mechanical gears raise the door .
tr	NNS	" May the winds blow fair through your journeys , wherever they may lead .
tr	NNS	Since they 've been cut off from the mortal world , the creatures of the Damned have become their substitute .
tr	NNS	My guesses on the callers have been always poor .
tr	NN	A migraine was forming at the base of his skull , and he felt sick .
tr	NN	His pulse had quickened .
tr	NN	" Yeah , but the only sure route over the mountains is by rail .
tr	NN	" The control panel keeps track of the pilot ? "
tr	NNS	As far as I know , all the populated areas have fallen .
tr	NNS	" There are always risks , but we are going under the Senate 's protection and in a military ship .
tr	NN	Mental illness does not run in families .
tr	NNS	The letters ceased , at least .
tr	NNS	Oh , the letters hurt .
tr	NNS	Things at home have been a lot better since you hired me . "
tr	NN	Her accent grew thicker , the normal perfection of her multilingual skills seeping away in time with her blood .
tr	NN	Eventually , a medic came and brought with him one of the black bags that only ever carried the dead .
tr	NNS	Things are looking pretty good from where I stand . "
tr	NN	The earth science teacher poked his head out his classroom door and raised his eyebrows .
tr	NNS	At over one million square feet , most plant management activities necessitated travel in an electric golf cart .
tr	NNS	These governments -- the ones that banded together -- spent massive sums to find this particular facility and to obtain our technology .
tr	NN	A light pink gas blew into the woman 's face .
tr	NN	Rachel 's unease sharpened .
tr	NNS	Very few mothers eat their young once they 've hit maturity . "
tr	NN	" A fighter huh ?
tr	NNS	The eagle lands on the sand , squawking .
tr	NNS	My hopes fell as I looked at Sydney across the room .
tr	NNS	" The courts always decide with Help , Jake . "
tr	NN	" And that sentence is ? "
tr	NNS	The other natural philosophers chuckled .
tr	NNS	There were election posters from all the various parties all over the city .
tr	NN	" I 'm a dentist , " said the elf , retreating to the sleigh , " just a dentist . "
tr	NN	Hand me the other one , the Sphinx said .
tr	NNS	Alexis walked as fast as she could through the crowd of reporters as they yelled questions at her .
tr	NNS	Other couples danced nearby , oblivious to the pact being secretly sworn .
tr	NN	Part of me is really happy that he paid for what he did to you , Shannen , and Brendan . "
tr	NNS	A few preparations for the trip went a little askew as Daniel started preparing .
tr	NNS	If she went looking for Barra , the goats would lose themselves in the dark .
tr	NNS	The fireflies surrounded them in a wide , circular formation and headed out toward the rowboats .
tr	NN	Terror flashed in her eyes , but not for herself .
tr	NNS	Romulus butchered many a story , but after Viktor reread them clearly , he was always left enamored by how clever their plots were .
tr	NNS	What were her actions trying to achieve ?
tr	NNS	Mostly his letters make me hate him and miss him all at once .
tr	NNS	Many rats were coming .
tr	NNS	The drums beat constantly .
tr	NN	Her nerve was about to desert her , but she remembered his aunt and the encouragement Elizabeth had given her .
tr	NN	The massive double doors towering over fifteen feet tall had to be the way out of the house .
tr	NNS	The two ladies had nothing to do but await their arrival at the first Earth franchise on their self styled list .
tr	NN	" No offense to you , kid , but what I 'm saying is that you just ordered a man who loves you to his death . "
tr	NN	Another tentacle smacked Adam against the wall !
tr	NN	A bullet fired out randomly , shooting off into the wastes .
tr	NN	What is your discipline ? "
tr	NNS	The other two trailers were similar , and one was bigger , showing 3,000 gallons on its three gauges .
tr	NN	Would a wrestler be all right ? "
tr	NN	Of course , if anyone ever discovered the truth , his honor would take a severe blow indeed .
tr	NN	His growl reminded Fila of Holt 's when he was laying down the law .
tr	NNS	Things were over with him and McKenzie , but he still needed answers .
tr	NNS	The elves then came after .
tr	NN	Clever trick of Andrei 's to give a few more minutes ' grace .
tr	NN	The youthful Arjuna , with the down-to-earth manner , appeared ready to take up the big swing .
tr	NNS	Our defenses can only slow them down .
tr	NNS	Their blades clashed with a screech of steel on steel .
tr	NN	Not exactly a declaration of everlasting love , but it was something .
tr	NNS	For once , the fans weren 't onto us .
tr	NN	The art is not the writing , the deciding and editing , but the doing .
tr	NNS	Bryn rounded the corner and rushed to her dad 's table , her wrists still bound together .
tr	NNS	" There are thousands upon thousands of people out there and this annoying little saboteur could be any one of them .
tr	NNS	He hugs , kissing my cheek then leaves .
tr	NN	Every time Stu met a nice girl he yearned to see her again until the next night when he 'd meet another one .
tr	NN	I will go with you , " said Cristobal " you need an adult to take care of you anyway . "
tr	NN	' Ghost ' implies a whole lot of things that I am NOT .
tr	NN	A growl thundered out of Kane .
tr	NNS	Outside on the lawn , several TV cameras were setting up with reporters standing by .
tr	NN	" A bundle of energy , " Amara smiled .
tr	NN	My favorite relative was an aunt who would climb trees with me and my sisters while all the other grown-ups sat in the living room talking . "
tr	NN	This fellow isn 't dead ! '
tr	NNS	In your experience , are teachers aware of bullying at school ?
tr	NN	Part of her wanted to ask what the mission was , and then she remembered Neil 's restless night .
tr	NNS	The gears engaged and the elevator whined into life .
tr	NN	Had we fought back , we 'd all likely be shark food by now , " the first mate snarled .
tr	NN	Gabriel 's growl went straight to my core .
tr	NN	The body language between the two of you isn 't convincing .
tr	NNS	24 Myles checked outside his front windows .
tr	NN	The development is in a long U-shape , with houses lined up on both sides and the boat slips in the center .
tr	NNS	Their pursuers had broken through the shield .
tr	NNS	The drums were calling the men to the dance .
tr	NN	Her nightgown was black ; long and flowing , it kept her modesty intact and managed to be sexy at the same time .
tr	NN	A spark of hope ignites within me ... a very tiny spark , but nonetheless a spark .
tr	NNS	Two more drinks arrived and they wasted no time shoving the old ones aside .
tr	NNS	Their motives are still unclear but we expect to know shortly .
tr	NN	At midnight , the dwarf held up one finger , smiled and disappeared .
tr	NN	His lance caught and nearly toppled Duncan .
tr	NN	A chick beat her up , too .
tr	NNS	But the tickets would be expensive , so we don 't have many other passengers . "
tr	NNS	" Bell contacts the cartel , tells them Garrett , or whatever name you used , wants a meet with them .
tr	NN	Or as an adult would .
tr	NNS	Maybe there are ghosts here !
tr	NNS	There were two tales .
tr	NN	The commander snapped back , " No , I was on duty , like you were supposed to be . "
tr	NN	The ancient artifact was powerful enough to protect her from even the most devious skills a vampire possessed .
tr	NNS	There on the monitors were creatures as black as night .
tr	NN	That habit of hers gave me all sorts of entertainment .
tr	NNS	Others stared with horrified fascination at Amira .
tr	NNS	" Of course , the members of your band .
tr	NNS	Things will be so much easier once you 've given up .
tr	NN	A fervent look now distorted her features , giving her , for the briefest of moments , the archetypical appearance of an old crone .
tr	NNS	In his mind , unrecognizable images raced by like a movie in super fast forward .
tr	NNS	Their particular skills leant themselves to the job of oil rig security and protection as the main threat was terrorist activity .
tr	NN	A deep red velvet duvet covered the thick mattress and dozens of decorative pil ows were piled at its head .
tr	NNS	Chess asked , popping his head through the hole from above .
tr	NN	" I have news , albeit unwilling news , " the master of the guard 's growl eclipsed that of the king .
tr	NNS	But no free drinks just cause he 's a friend of a friend or whatever . "
tr	NN	The packed courtroom erupted in noise , a few elated cheers mixing with the horrified shouts of disbelief from onlookers .
tr	NN	The author took his story and merged it with yours .
tr	NNS	Those bites won 't heal as quickly .
tr	NN	His tail wagged happily , as if to say : This is what I was talking about .
tr	NN	My grandmother rolls her eyes at my perceived ignorance .
tr	NN	The sheriff officiated the meeting .
tr	NN	the chef asked , dropping the tray onto a counter with a loud thud .
tr	NNS	The screens went dark .
tr	NNS	What if the effects took time to manifest ?
tr	NN	His resentful infatuation was touching , and Lynette 's mouth curved upward .
tr	NN	The layer closest to earth was comfortable and heavy , like a good blanket .
tr	NN	" Even a shard ought to do something to help your friend . "
tr	NN	The look Ransom gave her told her she should never have asked such a stupid question .
tr	NNS	Cabinet members collected their notebooks and began departing .
tr	NNS	Suddenly , shots explode from multiple directions .
tr	NNS	" The gusts could reach a hundred miles an hour and your car is small . "
tr	NNS	" Many tales abound regarding the reasons spirits stay in one place or another .
tr	NN	The hunter drew his sword , leaving the knife in his thigh , knowing that he would do more damage than good removing it .
tr	NN	There 's no stirring in my dick , no attraction toward this waitress flaunting herself right in front me .
tr	NN	An added benefit of the concept is that it draws a person 's attention to where the gaps in the information are .
tr	NNS	Once she stopped in front of him , his worries ebbed .
tr	NNS	Her nostrils flared in protest .
tr	NNS	Put ideas in her head , like I 'm too American to fit in and she has to turn me away .
tr	NNS	The Lycan council members rose and drifted toward the tables .
tr	NN	As they approached the island , the frog sat up high , revealing a fat , pale underbelly .
tr	NNS	The chalked letters and numbers on the chalkboard were just dust .
tr	NN	The audience milled around for a while , stretching , talking to people close to them , or greeting friends , collecting coats and belongings .
tr	NNS	" Yes , the factions have something in place . "
tr	NNS	My employers don 't give a crap whether you walk again , and I 'll do whatever I need to . "
tr	NN	Your race has been acting as miners for hundreds of years .
tr	NNS	Cassius tried to be mad , but looking at his big smiling face made it hard .
tr	NN	Indoor plumbing stayed , as did electricity , but that 's mostly around the palace now .
tr	NNS	The fireworks continued in the sky above with loud bangs and different colors .
tr	NNS	Our spies there have been watching for them for months . "
tr	NNS	Their pompous smiles made them easy to find .
tr	NNS	The scenes and creatures would move as if in slow motion until a totally different picture seamlessly appeared .
tr	NNS	Evidently , some varieties of bugs wore their bones on the outside of their bodies rather than the inside .
tr	NNS	But my instincts tell me there 's more to the story . "
tr	NNS	The traders and brokers cleared a path for him , as if his misfortune were contagious .
tr	NNS	My eyelids slowly opened up and my vision was restored to me .
tr	NNS	Her surroundings left her even more bewildered as she found herself inside a small circular room .
tr	NN	The concept of Julie moving out never really crossed her mind before , but it was becoming a serious possibility .
tr	NNS	Angelus sounded frantic , but I didn 't open my eyes .
tr	NNS	The loud shouts of pirates and the boom of fake cannons sounded to the left and right .
tr	NNS	If I refused the ogres would kill me .
tr	NN	A leopard doesn 't just change its spots .
tr	NN	There was just this big black puff of smoke when we threw her hair in the fire .
tr	NNS	Other werewolves always recognized his scent , though .
tr	NN	But Dane 's greatest fan of all was his son .
tr	NN	The treasure hunter , in all the years he had known King Edgar of Figaro , had never seen him like this .
tr	NNS	" Two species of equal power . "
tr	NNS	Looks like we 've got a handle on this fire , but I need you to scan it from the air to make sure . "
tr	NN	The general sentiment was that the incident should be let drop .
tr	NNS	The sails of the French convoy and the Channel Fleet were visible long before the dragons came into range .
tr	NNS	Jet planes and helicopters fly overhead .
tr	NN	The tray slides back , and I am inside the machine .
tr	NNS	Others heard the comment and were looking over .
tr	NN	But Chance had finally branched out on his own .
tr	NN	The colonel dabbed his forehead with a handkerchief .
tr	NN	His sexy drawl made her insides hum and all of her secret places pulse with a hunger stronger than anything she 'd ever experienced .
tr	NN	The leader whipped his arm forward and the edge of his blade sliced through his throat .
tr	NN	The lieutenant would not be surprised but he had said he 'd try , so here he was , dutifully having a go .
tr	NNS	While I backed out of the driveway , my three passengers calmly observed the scenery .
tr	NNS	The colors had an unnatural blend that attracted the eyes but caused such strain that I had to look away from the image .
tr	NNS	The witches ' directions were still clear , glowing like a three-dimensional hologram in my mind .
tr	NN	By early evening , the trade agent had gone .
tr	NNS	Things were ... things were pretty bad . "
tr	NNS	The chains snaked out of the water and disappeared .
tr	NN	So without further ado , back from their trip home tae the States , Milk presents The Stolen . "
tr	NN	" The salad was to-die-for . "
tr	NN	Attendance meant support for the murderers of Dr. Cronin , went the reasoning .
tr	NNS	Things with us might not be perfect , but I need to try .
tr	NN	" A vast hoard of them suddenly dove out of the mid-day sun .
tr	NNS	In the drawing there were fifty suites and twenty-five deluxe rooms .
tr	NN	Simple , plain and functional was her main criteria for most fashion .
tr	NN	' Go to Emma and have a good night , ' Love replied .
tr	NN	If I do away with both of you , the ranch will belong to me .
tr	NNS	The Communists leaders impressed their citizens , showing how communism improved everyone 's lives .
tr	NNS	The cats tried to crawl out through the two-inch gap above the window .
tr	NNS	Off of this room were two doorways , one leading to a bathroom and the other a bedroom .
tr	NN	Neither option was plausible to her .
tr	NNS	In the book , the characters had searched for the others , only to get separated and end up alone .
tr	NNS	Thayer grins and pokes me back .
tr	NN	Patience and skill was a must to become the winning team .
tr	NN	" JJ , " Cade licks his lips again " Come dance with me again . "
tr	NN	" Love , if Dad didn 't want you here , you wouldn 't be here .
tr	NN	A wider gap overhead revealed the sun .
tr	NNS	A few Guardians exited the Komodo and jogged toward them on the runway .
tr	NNS	At last the king motioned to the minstrel and the music faltered to an end , the captains and marshals soon took seats as the king began .
tr	NNS	Reyes shook his head .
tr	NNS	There were differences between us that I couldn 't begin to categorise .
tr	NN	The first ghoul stands wailing over the man to frighten him more .
tr	NNS	All berries looked exquisite -- glossy , meaty , without a single spot .
tr	NNS	The Phase Two trials should have just started , and Rupert wanted to know exactly how things were going .
tr	NNS	Perhaps I should have stopped you before it ever got this far , your foolish attempts to pretend you 're something you 're not .
tr	NN	The reflection chose to keep its secret .
tr	NN	His aura was green with shade of blue .
tr	NN	" Love requires knowing everything about the other person , flaws and all , and loving them despite them . "
tr	NNS	Alexis stood in front of a packed audience and declared that their greatest betrayer and foe was dead and was never coming back .
tr	NNS	Others flattened as if striking something solid and immovable .
tr	NN	The trumpets began to sound , and a procession from the castle began .
tr	NN	There was no announcement in the local newspaper .
tr	NNS	His eyelids drooped and his face was drawn .
tr	NN	By this time the rope I was attached to had spun me around and I was now staring at the opposite wall .
tr	NN	Love slowed down and indicated right into Primrose Hill Road .
tr	NNS	Some sore spots which were probably bruises , but that was it .
tr	NNS	Some experiences and memories just don 't or can 't cross the boundary ; others make it through intact .
tr	NNS	The traders from the local tribes made ready for the auctions .
tr	NN	The optic nerve was a bundle of fibers , each like a string of sausages .
tr	NNS	There are letters tattooed on his knuckles , but I can 't read them from here .
tr	NN	The landlord is kind of a bully , but whatever .
tr	NN	The sharp coral cut my feet , and they began to bleed as we climbed the hill .
tr	NNS	The big cats came leaping towards it , opened with a blow of their paws the door of the room and began their hunt .
tr	NN	He leaned against his bench , mandibles withdrawn , face slit open just enough to permit him to speak .
tr	NNS	In a sentence visible through a thin ochre glaze appeared the names Reagan and Thatcher .
tr	NNS	Further recollections only served to exacerbate things .
tr	NN	" I mean really , when did trusting a siren sound like a smart thing to do ?
tr	NNS	It was designed to look like a flower , the petals formed of pinkish opals , the center a pearl circled by tiny diamond chips .
tr	NN	Anger and fear kept alternating , gripping me for several minutes , then letting go and allowing the other emotion to take hold .
tr	NNS	Reyes wagged his finger .
tr	NNS	On either hand the cliffs stood as embattled walls , and upon them sat carrion fowl crying with fell voices .
tr	NNS	The coils took care of him .
tr	NN	" My master finds Lord Rafe to be something of an irritant . "
tr	NNS	Americus grinned and held both palms up for inspection .
tr	NN	Our vendor wasn 't sure what to tell us , exactly , since he didn 't know who we were .
tr	NN	Most likely any illness I 've contracted wouldn 't translate to their systems , but I prefer to be sure .
tr	NN	What if the pilot didn 't show up today ?
tr	NN	A sob fills my throat , so I run .
tr	NNS	" If you had one night ... with any man ... no strings attached , no complications ... who would it be ? "
tr	NNS	Whatever the reason , the bright colours always make me smile .
tr	NNS	The pale tiles stretched out forever in each direction .
tr	NN	A bullet hit a rock near his horse , sending sparks and fragments flying up into its face .
tr	NNS	Without the rubber bands to hold the notebook together , bits and pieces of paper slipped out onto the table .
tr	NN	Why it mattered that he should consider her a warrior worthy of respect didn 't bear thinking about .
tr	NN	That sentiment probably extended to her whole family , except Tug , who gave him quite a bit of tree work .
tr	NNS	The two patrons turned around again but scowled at Todd instead .
tr	NNS	Things looked to be getting sorted .
tr	NNS	Her fingernails tore at her skin , trying to ease the burn .
tr	NN	The American Dream had died along with art .
tr	NN	My degree was in business , and I had a minor in the French language , though what good what that do me in the real world ?
tr	NNS	" My gray sleeveless dress . "
tr	NN	" No condom , " I say .
tr	NN	But one slice of a knife had almost taken her out .
tr	NNS	She threw her hands in the air , the petals of the flower held their own .
tr	NN	The pilot then returns Flight 29 to its proper altitude and heading .
tr	NNS	" Things will work out .
tr	NNS	Things were so bright , so optimistic that I didn 't waste time with chit chat once I made it to the grinning hostess .
tr	NN	His little gamble to establish credibility was about to destroy it .
tr	NNS	Death rites at the Lodge were simple , with none of the trilling and sweets that she remembered from her mother 's funeral .
tr	NN	No adult could crawl inside there apart from a small kid like her .
tr	NN	" Like ... " " Like playing basketball or roller hockey . "
tr	NNS	Looking below , the ripples in the water were larger and closer together .
tr	NNS	Mai shook her head , sighed , threw her hands in the air , then flopped onto the turkey feather mattress , starched undergarments rustling .
tr	NN	Hence the affinity for penguins .
tr	NNS	There were a few other items I noticed on the monitors as well . "
tr	NN	An uncontrollable right wing faction whose excessive patriotism could not be reconciled by either appeals to honor or direct orders .
tr	NNS	What were the US and Tanzanian governments doing to get all the hostages back ?
tr	NNS	Looks like a young woman with a thin face .
tr	NN	For now , I 'm afraid , suspended animation as a time travel application for humanity is the stuff of bad science fiction . "
tr	NNS	Yet those objections began to seem less and less rational as she kissed him , as her breathing grew more hurried .
tr	NNS	His wrists had begun to ache , which concerned him .
tr	NNS	Alexis put the camera down on the table , but left it recording .
tr	NN	The flashlight went on briefly .
tr	NNS	Jaime 's headaches have kept her at home for the past three days , so she never had to cross the wards .
tr	NNS	The wineglass tipped , spilling frothing scarlet liquid across the white tablecloth .
tr	NN	There was a deep special joy sparkling in her eyes .
tr	NN	A rumbling shook the room .
tr	NNS	Waves of light-headedness washed over her , and she put her head in her hands to steady herself .
tr	NN	Its growl was so loud it did not hear the cacophonous crack of the ice beneath its feet .
tr	NNS	The defenders were cheering and moving toward the protection of the city .
tr	NN	On closer examination , the illusion breaks down revealing bushes and trees .
tr	NNS	Reyes stabbed her again .
tr	NNS	Marius banked the chopper to the left and Haven looked back in the direction of the Dome .
tr	NNS	Dark spots cover the man in front of me , obscuring my view of his face .
tr	NN	A quiet click assured her the gun was empty .
tr	NN	" History is always teetering on the head of a pin , Mr. Bender .
tr	NNS	The DNA tests are back and it was Christian 's natural mother who took him .
tr	NN	In an instant , my disgust turned to desperation , and it took everything I had not to claw the door open with my fingernails .
tr	NNS	Like the fact that the streetlights worked only half the time , and they were too far apart when they did .
tr	NNS	Animals , plants , the weather were simply part of a divine order .
tr	NNS	There was an emptiness there that she wanted him to fill , a deep ache of longing that only he could drive away .
tr	NN	No other explanation made any sense .
tr	NN	The loft was a looming black ceiling .
tr	NNS	Their subconscious minds are letting them know that we are dangerous and could harm them in an instant .
tr	NN	The thin strip of land at the tail of South America rarely appears in international headlines , save for a few earthquakes and a recent mining disaster .
tr	NN	A dark scowl brought out the stormy green of his eyes .
tr	NNS	The images bombarded me from all directions and threatened to overwhelm me .
tr	NNS	Lights flashed into the cab of her truck as a huge van pulled across the road , blocking her way out of the drive .
tr	NN	So the only other option is that it 's something that our systems can 't find and that we also can 't find .
tr	NN	" Well , the bullet went straight through the muscle without tearing a lot of the fibers .
tr	NNS	The bigger planes carry at least two cabin stewards , but given the circumstances , they had only the flight crew plus a woman named Tori .
tr	NN	And a short ribbed T-shirt that bared the silver ring in her navel .
tr	NN	So even if the problem wasn 't physiological , there was some avoidance there .
tr	NNS	Flowers weren 't part of vampire weddings , but Kaitlyn and Elena had decided to overrule Drake 's objections and ignore coven tradition .
tr	NNS	The helmets were also brass with a black bristle mane running form the top down the back .
tr	NNS	Its razor-sharp edges began slowly to slit the man 's nose .
tr	NNS	At lunch , his classmates were more confrontational .
tr	NN	Through the refracted waves the tail of the fish enters the hall just in time to wrap around Gray Wolf 's right foot .
tr	NNS	Muscles seemed to rip and tear .
tr	NN	And then from out of nowhere the big wig appeared .
tr	NNS	Only a few scraps of food were available to share and drinking water was short as well .
tr	NNS	Girls and crying are two things I don 't like together .
tr	NNS	The media should be all over this guy .
tr	NN	Maybe the database has someone mixed up .
tr	NN	" But " The whole notion was somehow shocking .
tr	NN	Her lukewarm defense was disappointing but not surprising .
tr	NN	" Come on up , Tasha , " the bard called out over his shoulder .
tr	NNS	Waves of energy pulsed through her , and the nausea passed .
tr	NNS	One by one , his fingernails lengthened into razor-sharp talons .
tr	NNS	Big , hard raindrops beat the back of my neck .
tr	NN	The tube or branch , deprived of its pendent globe , now ended in a little quivering orifice from which there hung a bead of crystal moisture .
tr	NN	The liquid turned silver , earning a surprised grunt from Abe .
tr	NN	Above the mountain of her fear , through the haze of her tears rose a bright beacon of light , casting away shadows and doubt .
tr	NNS	The heavy Belstaff trousers she 'd bought in Frankfurt were proving indispensable .
tr	NN	" The bullet is still in you . "
tr	NNS	Skulls cleaved nearly in half , severed arms and legs , and gashes to necks and ribs .
tr	NNS	To his slight irritation , both dancers seemed incredibly amused by his plight , and Antonio made a show of popping upright unassisted .
tr	NN	The waterfall looked to be only a little over twenty feet tall .
tr	NN	Just one fang hung like a stalactite in the roaring snarl of the limping intruder .
tr	NN	And every casualty would weaken their order in the battle they must eventually fight against the Belial .
tr	NNS	Looks like a barge , and probably sails like one .
tr	NN	His leap from the roof took him about as far as Ted 's had last year .
tr	NN	The mercenary points his heavy artillery weapon straight at us and unloads as we scramble and take cover immediately thereafter .
tr	NNS	Usually members of the Breed population lived in mansions or large brownstones , sometimes the occasional high-rise apartment building .
tr	NNS	The creatures red eyes widened before narrowing fiercely upon him .
tr	NNS	Hephaestus was ready , but instead of grabbing her , he grabbed the steel spine in her torso and wrenched it back .
tr	NNS	Hybrid rocket motors exhibit some obvious , as well as some subtle , advantages over solid rockets .
tr	NN	The bard smiled broadly , picked up his lute from the floor and absently began to strum a few notes .
tr	NNS	In a sheath hanging between the dead man 's shoulder blades was a knife .
tr	NNS	A few couples were at the tables .
tr	NN	The warrior fell on his side , vomiting at the feet of the others who took up their bows and arrows in defense .
tr	NNS	To the side , monitors beeped and whirred .
tr	NN	Her own loyalty to Cornell and her long history of complying with his wishes made her the most vulnerable link in their armor .
tr	NNS	" My apologies , " he muttered , resuming his seat and leaning back as he balanced his glass on top of the armrest .
tr	NN	The psi radiation got stronger , the hues more intense .
tr	NNS	The eggs are getting heavier so you can 't put too many in together . "
tr	NN	No monitoring because the monitors were out , no video because the hard drive was fried .
tr	NNS	There were no leads to be seen .
tr	NN	The courtyard is slippery . "
tr	NNS	Only a few degrees apart . "
tr	NN	" The gauge is showing red .
tr	NNS	Alphas , of course , and a few lucky Betas , and some of the oldest of the pack regulars .
tr	NNS	Their footsteps quickly faded out .
tr	NNS	The bright colors she 'd worn seemed painfully so in the face of the monochrome ones she was currently in .
tr	NN	Part of my problem is that I 'm nervous . "
tr	NNS	" Then the twins are the only ones who can help us . "
tr	NNS	Fortunately , the zombies wobbling by ignored us .
tr	NN	" An ant can only be one thing .
tr	NNS	Just in front of it was a beautiful silvery moon at least three quarters as big as it was .
tr	NN	The deputy was sitting at his desk .
tr	NN	" Wait , " snarled their master , " you will need fresh meat to attract the brutes .
tr	NN	No other option , he sent the AV into reverse .
tr	NN	A persistent beeping tickled her from her self-congratulatory musings .
tr	NNS	The prickles consuming her scalp intensified with each breath she took , and she desperately wanted more .
tr	NN	The dart swivels around and screams back into another strafing run .
tr	NNS	Things between them had changed irrevocably .
tr	NN	Her pulse kicked up under his gentle stroking .
tr	NN	The captain gave a quirky smile to his own pun .
tr	NNS	" Flowers , " Velda said firmly .
tr	NNS	Initial sales were down from what Blue Murder sold .
tr	NN	There was a slight uneasy stirring among the pledges .
tr	NNS	The footsteps disappeared as the other door then slammed shut with a metallic clang .
tr	NN	As if responding to his words , the coach leapt from the road then slammed back down with a sickening crunch .
tr	NNS	When I try too hard , the edges of my vision filter out into blinding white .
tr	NNS	His thrusts became deeper and more insistent .
tr	NN	The captain approached , noose in hand .
tr	NN	The Death of Rats pointed at the roof and then the sky and jumped up and down excitedly .
tr	NNS	Cowboy was sitting on the edge of the porch , his feet hanging off the boards , his left arm pressing the ice to his wounds .
tr	NNS	There are differences between dogs and wolves .
tr	NNS	Timon 's eyelids fluttered .
tr	NN	Remy looked up at him , his bloodshot eyes widening .
tr	NN	My first inclination of her rising was when the elevator door opened and she burst through all fire and brimstone .
tr	NNS	There were no sharp edges inside the sub .
tr	NNS	Lights started flashing over his Imp and white noise blared in his ear .
tr	NNS	Glittering spires with architecture designed to impress overshadowed buildings that were centuries old .
tr	NNS	" Good old Uncle Derek .
tr	NN	My lease was ending at the end of the month .
tr	NN	He laid a muscled forearm over the steering wheel , his tanned face tightening with tension .
tr	NN	" Normal treatment is not working . "
tr	NN	Day Two The captain sat silently , watching the traitor also sitting silently .
tr	NN	And an unknown faction doesn 't want me to get there at all . "
tr	NNS	Fortunately , before Whitney could ask another question about Clay , Allie 's mother 's footsteps sounded in the hall .
tr	NN	" My employer can afford to be far more ... flexible .
tr	NN	His silent treatment had been killing me !
tr	NN	The command in his voice was undeniable .
tr	NNS	How had the king 's spies not taken these ?
tr	NNS	Rawlings lifted his empty glass in the air and nodded .
tr	NN	In front of us , both chained by sturdy looking metal collars attached to the concrete wall by metal chains are two live walkers !
tr	NN	Hanging above it was a wrought iron pot and pan rack , complete with pots and pans .
tr	NN	Burnett 's diversion of subject appeared to be a deliberate ploy to avoid talking about the falls .
tr	NN	The expression on his face softened , the amber eyes telegraphing appreciation . '
tr	NNS	Bugs looked over what was written .
tr	NN	There was an outline of a dead body sketched on the bottom of our pool .
tr	NNS	Chills spread down my arms .
tr	NN	" An organization called the X Women , huh . "
tr	NNS	The villagers had caused a few funny moments , which she told with zeal .
tr	NNS	Six more floors to go until she reached street level .
tr	NN	Blue Twelve hits the ground beside me , a snake wrapped around his neck .
tr	NN	The warm and delicious smells inside were welcoming .
tr	NNS	The wolves are restless and we must tread carefully . "
tr	NNS	Two dimensions could not contain him or his big stinking ideas .
tr	NN	" As you say , master , the baron has seen fit to entrust the care of his castle to a fresh pair of hands .
tr	NN	Love glanced at Stuart leaning against the door frame and held his gaze for a moment .
tr	NNS	I meant , were their aims compatible with our own ? "
tr	NNS	Others have simply stood and left , never having exchanged a word with me , so deep was their confusion .
tr	NN	Karla 's goblet followed a few moments later .
tr	NN	His Colt was ready , though , in case they met hostile resistance .
tr	NNS	Perhaps helpers followed and came to their aid .
tr	NNS	Rufus was unethical and ran with some pretty unsavory people .
tr	NN	Was there a mating ritual ?
tr	NNS	No , for now letters with Aunt Rachel will be enough . "
tr	NN	Not my Z , because it only seats two comfortably .
tr	NNS	Looks like he 's trying to squeeze out . "
tr	NN	Depression 's pea soup clogged his mind .
tr	NNS	There were blues and greens as well .
tr	NNS	Things will be better tomorrow . "
tr	NN	Dana 's scowl told me that she loved Lucas as much as ever .
tr	NN	His accent was more noticeably pronounced as he reached out to gently stroke his hand down the curve of her neck .
tr	NN	As he led her to the top of a large descending staircase , applause began to build through the gathered partygoers below .
tr	NNS	The only bits left are delivery and receiving of payment , and we 've got a solid week before deadline .
tr	NN	Her confirmation finally gave Paris a feeling of hope .
tr	NNS	Things were finally looking - " Are you Leila ? "
tr	NN	The familiar zing pierced my soul as if it was recharging my battery .
tr	NNS	Questions Bjorn slamming another shot .
tr	NN	' I disagree , ' Love said .
tr	NNS	Her actions said it all .
tr	NNS	The boxers and T-shirt I wore said so .
tr	NN	Your career 's not going to suffer from this .
tr	NN	For Jonas , the treasure hunt had just superseded the consulting work he was here to do .
tr	NNS	Other couples held hands like teenagers , even when they hadn 't been teenagers for over half a century .
tr	NN	The majority of the guests were older , and I saw quite a few friends of my parents .
tr	NNS	" So many apologies in one day , " he said with another chuckle .
tr	NNS	* The pigs had scattered over the hills .
tr	NN	" There was a blue tinge under my eyes , but not the body markings .
tr	NNS	Things really came along .
tr	NNS	But Amira 's carelessness could ruin them .
tr	NN	My Daisy was the best baby .
tr	NN	A lack of trust on his part was a good thing if it kept her from falling for him .
tr	NNS	Words tumbled from her faster and faster as if overflowing from a bottle .
tr	NNS	Different dresses , " she ordered .
tr	NNS	The train seats were surprisingly comfortable , and I let the worn leather wrap around me as the locomotive rocked .
tr	NNS	Their bronzed orange sails caught the wind and they tacked in unison , almost escorting her .
tr	NNS	Looks like they 're going to miss me , after all , Winston thought .
tr	NN	The memory and physical toll of giving birth was fading .
tr	NN	" The reel needs to be facing down , and it should sit between your middle finger and ring finger for balance .
tr	NN	Before she could come up with an answer there was another roar .
tr	NN	The warrior numbness that had possessed her had begun to recede .
tr	NN	A brand-new Porsche passes us going twice as fast -- a yellow , purring blur .
tr	NNS	" Your humbler servants were more loyal , Your Grace .
tr	NN	The head commando tugged the locker 's handle and yanked the door open .
tr	NN	A creation the likes of which she 'd never imagined .
tr	NNS	Several bystanders yelled as well .
tr	NN	But there was only the loud click of an empty gun .
tr	NN	Nausea pooled low in my stomach , and sweat beaded on my brow .
tr	NN	A little shriek escapes my lips when he lifts me up so high that I instinctively wrap my legs around him .
tr	NN	The green pit viper grows up to four feet long and has venom without a known cure .
tr	NN	The pulse was its heartbeat .
tr	NN	All this chaos is of my own creation .
tr	NN	When he reached the kitchen , the stench caught him off guard .
tr	NNS	Rufus turns 40 this year but seems never to have grown up .
tr	NNS	Her abilities continued to grow along with her confidence .
tr	NN	The little bitch had been invading his thoughts more and more regularly .
tr	NN	His accent was thicker , hinting at just how angry he was with me .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of evil ran through their minds as the sun began to sink away across the mountain highlands .
tr	NN	The bitch was sorely trying his patience .
tr	NN	Real lightning will strike .
tr	NN	The reverse is also true . "
tr	NNS	The nuns were very startled by this and sorry to see her go .
tr	NNS	His jaws were hungry for it , aching for it .
tr	NNS	Reyes spied Sabin and his scowl intensified .
tr	NN	There was that little bitch in our class and we had to get rid of her .
tr	NNS	And if tall , dark and handsome hadn 't just tried to be a white knight , the gunmen would have gotten her .
tr	NNS	The three wolves turned their attention on her , eyes picking up the light from the fire as she walked past it and shining brightly .
tr	NN	" Your misery takes the fun out of it . "
tr	NNS	Fortunately , there weren 't enough metals in the vial to give him a very good anchor , and she kept hold of it easily .
tr	NNS	Our drinks sit untouched as Brian and I move closer and closer , leaning across the table toward each other .
tr	NNS	Council members had been entering and exiting here for centuries .
tr	NNS	Alexis immediately went into overdrive , but never panicked .
tr	NNS	Things began to fit in to place .
tr	NNS	" After hearing all the problems time travelers are having , I am not sure I want to become one .
tr	NN	Her career took her places that alienated her from the home .
tr	NNS	Lea 's fans were eager to see Lea win the match , and even more if she used the Spear Strike .
tr	NNS	Reyes encountered only one other Hunter before he reached Danika 's room .
tr	NNS	Our opponents join in ; this was only a scrimmage , so they can acknowledge my skills without sacrificing too much pride .
tr	NNS	Soldiers piled into the Jeep and pulled away .
tr	NNS	My apologies to ye young feisty fellow .
tr	NN	The question isn 't if we will win , ' t is why they are fighting to begin with . "
tr	NN	Maybe the garbage needed to be tossed ?
tr	NN	There were no streetlights , no illumination of any kind save for the car 's headlights and a few scattered stars .
tr	NN	Their sedan still stood in the driveway .
tr	NNS	Marius looked up and saw the twins .
tr	NN	The bomber knew exactly what he was doing .
tr	NNS	Only our torches gleamed against the impenetrable black .
tr	NNS	A moment later , small drops of water started spattering on the windshield of the truck .
tr	NN	Any method would suit him .
tr	NN	The patrons and the hippies began hurling food , then pieces of furniture , then ingredients from behind the counter .
tr	NNS	So far her conclusions were flimsy .
tr	NNS	His temples are throbbing .
tr	NNS	There was a watch downstairs that is now gone .
tr	NN	No wonder Caldwell had to bribe someone to woo his granddaughter .
tr	NN	Part of me didn 't want him to ever let go .
tr	NN	The angel was happy to reward her for it .
tr	NNS	" All my shares of Brannigan 's , Incorporated , I hereby give outright to Justin Henry Reilly -- " Hell .
tr	NN	Her laptop will be making a trip to our tech lab to ensure that all traces of data have been wiped from the hard drive . "
tr	NNS	Several orange globes burst from her finger tips , flying over his head , while John and the guards ran toward the dorm .
tr	NN	" Excuse me , " the baron rejoined .
tr	NN	Her fur was black , like her hair , her gray eyes the same shade as her human eyes , which was unusual .
tr	NNS	There were no dinosaurs roaming the land or giant winged creatures that had soared overhead , screeching and calling .
tr	NN	The hunger in our kiss steals all my thoughts away .
tr	NNS	Images of his nak * d form warmed by soft candle flame danced across her eyelids .
tr	NN	The mound was unsteady and the papers slipped off onto the carpet .
tr	NN	Come to think of it , the pendant was a funny color not found in nature .
tr	NN	" That irregular pattern is a robot signal ; I could slick it over to aud and you 'd probably recognize it .
tr	NNS	" Your Highness , my staff has spent all night analyzing the Armada 's capabilities for an offensive mobilization .
tr	NN	Mira 's own guilt gnawed at her with sharp teeth .
tr	NN	The ninja master agreed .
tr	NN	The crown would survive - as would I , being the magic 's mistress .
tr	NN	The behemoth fired a bottom gun that emitted a bright orange glow in a conic projection , right as the cruiser was about to hit it .
tr	NNS	The attendants looked shocked .
tr	NN	The tap of Mille 's crutch preceded his arrival at Luc 's side .
tr	NN	The NCAA theory is that an athlete shouldn 't get an advantage not available to a regular student . "
tr	NN	The white marble reflected that light onto wide columns and ancient , colorful tapestries .
tr	NN	Every nerve in my body was shivering with tension .
tr	NN	Of the rest of a quarter , majority waste their lives either stacking resources for good life or indulging in resourcefulness and abundance .
tr	NN	Os ' mar hung up the receiver and made his way over to me .
tr	NNS	Just looking at him perched on his chair , leaning against the table , butterflies slam around inside my stomach .
tr	NNS	My eyelids squeezed shut , and I let my head sink into my hands again .
tr	NN	An eternity went by before Philip put down his other foot .
tr	NN	A tailor had come to his room two days ago to measure him for the costume , then delivered the outfit the following morning .
tr	NNS	Other screens showed more of the milky gas billowing through the Redoubt .
tr	NNS	The greens have five ! "
tr	NN	Their innocence and happiness was a balm to her worries .
tr	NN	All that mattered was she was in his arms now and it felt absolutely wonderful .
tr	NN	There is no justice , no mercy , no God .
tr	NN	The video of him was from last night not this morning . "
tr	NNS	Things were getting out of control .
tr	NNS	There are many different types of vampires that live across our world .
tr	NNS	Their drinks had naturally progressed to dinner and then time at the gaming tables , where she 'd been impressed by Colin 's winnings .
tr	NNS	In front of him , three more zombies came out of the shadows .
tr	NNS	" Things are over with Greg and me .
tr	NNS	Naturally the dwarves accepted the offer eagerly .
tr	NN	The ritual chant provided an anchor in the uncertain sea in which Jacques was floating .
tr	NN	The colonel tugged on his gloves , then formed them around his fingers .
tr	NN	I have another two months to wait , " Link added .
tr	NN	The castle was void of any of the usual bustling or noise .
tr	NN	The elegant fragrance made me feel warm .
tr	NNS	Heavens , you bought the place , didn 't you ? "
tr	NNS	Muscles ticked below eyes of green frost , a testament to a barely leashed temper .
tr	NNS	Her fingernails dug into his scalp , and the monster growled out his approval .
tr	NN	Just as I settled back into bed and pulled the covers to my chin , a small rap came at the door .
tr	NN	While lying on his bed , the sliver of an idea began to take shape in his mind .
tr	NNS	The computer monitors definitely outclass anything that ought to exist in the eighties , but otherwise , nothing looks especially out of place .
tr	NN	The farther down this cascading creation you looked , the more imperfect and evil those creations , all the way down to pure matter .
tr	NN	" A gentleman like you only comes into a place like this if he 's looking for something . "
tr	NNS	" These pancakes are great , Sean . "
tr	NN	My uncle stood and turned to confer with the others briefly .
tr	NNS	Many leaders are concerned for their safety , as they are forced to be in such close proximity to Queen Lissa during the meetings . "
tr	NNS	" Orders of the Regent , " the first man said .
tr	NNS	Cars swished by on the highway .
tr	NNS	The more useful recollections flitted past , although assigning concentration merely weakened their clarity .
tr	NN	The mechanism gave way in a burst of sparks , and the metal door opened with a clang .
tr	NN	" My progress is very encouraging .
tr	NNS	Alexis packed her suitcases and headed downstairs to the lobby .
tr	NN	" The leopard lily ? "
tr	NNS	Cassius rushed to me , standing only inches from my quivering form .
tr	NNS	Her raunchy sexual suggestions had tapered off , focusing on soft pillows and cool sheets rather than vibrating marital aids and zero inhibitions .
tr	NN	That agenda is total control .
tr	NNS	Soon all the pairs were practicing .
tr	NNS	Others , like Snider , rallied behind cries of : " Table for one , not table for two .
tr	NN	The Death of Rats clambered up Binky 's mane and took up station between the horse 's ears , tiny robe flapping in the wind .
tr	NNS	The sources I examined are consistent , but most likely because they all have a common origin . "
tr	NNS	The movements were still the same , but something in his execution had changed .
tr	NN	The market where I worked is there , and we found tracks in the snow .
tr	NN	But the raw suffering of this place was too great for that relief to matter .
tr	NN	The overflow of violence incapacitated her .
tr	NN	The den was in Reese 's section of the house and she rarely ventured inside .
tr	NNS	At those words , the chains became untangled .
tr	NNS	Around the casket were items that people had put inside .
tr	NNS	Marius had done his worst to screw up her life , so it was ironic that he 'd really helped her instead .
tr	NNS	The street cleaners are in her room and must have taken her . "
tr	NNS	The orange and pink hues of the sunset flowed across the horizon as the boats below began to scatter and disappear with the approaching darkness .
tr	NN	There was a light rap on the door .
tr	NNS	Dragons are a breed too terrifying to come from mere imagination . "
tr	NN	Also , there 's just one passenger instead of six .
tr	NN	The unknown canoe was closing fast .
tr	NN	A curl of apprehension settled in the pit of her stomach .
tr	NN	A bullet clipped my ear as I jumped up .
tr	NNS	Like my housemate hadn 't needed to lie to protect me from my father 's inquiries .
tr	NN	It was a while before he stood and when he did , the hermit moved from his path .
tr	NNS	Melissa 's directions had turned out to make sense after all .
tr	NNS	The cylinders broke from their chains , scattering like gigantic bowling pins .
tr	NN	The glee in his voice instantly eradicated her uneasiness .
tr	NN	Cam was a generous man beneath his hard exterior , something Ainsley had understood soon after she 'd come to know him .
tr	NNS	As I walked out onto the field ogres jeered at me from all directions .
tr	NN	A witness to something he could not alter .
tr	NN	His intense regard strengthened .
tr	NN	Right now , all that mattered was the woman in his arms .
tr	NNS	" I should have warned you , ancient warriors tend not to think much about nudity .
tr	NN	" On the way to my house , south of Bon Temps .
tr	NN	The unease between Cade and I seemed to permeate the entire cast until everyone was stiff and on edge .
tr	NNS	Within the hovering picture , hundreds of thousands of rats had vanished , along with their shrieking .
tr	NN	The inspector looked at the stew and his stomach turned upside down .
tr	NN	A long black carpet led to an obsidian dais , where a man clad in a sable cloak sat upon a dark throne bristling with spikes .
tr	NN	The colonel seemed surprised by my question .
tr	NNS	No signs of dinner remained in the kitchen .
tr	NN	" Your defense is too weak . "
tr	NN	Calvin 's blue haired model gave him the same hungry looks until he tipped blue liquid over her stomach .
tr	NN	A tiny puff of smoke later and the control pad was history , allowing Red to open the door and the three to slip inside .
tr	NN	A car chase , for God 's sake ; this couldn 't really happen .
tr	NNS	Cassius and Brutus had entered the room .
tr	NNS	When regarded as static items , like a solitary plant , the dresses were only mildly impressive .
tr	NNS	Werewolves existed right under our very noses .
tr	NN	Even with this mileage , gas was too expensive to be practical , but with the Section footing the bills , Deckard was being extravagant .
tr	NNS	The four figures were inside of a huge pink heart .
tr	NN	While these minions of evil may try their hand at destroying you , the Master is not powerless in your defense . "
tr	NNS	The double gates opened and I fell in to line with the stragglers .
tr	NNS	Words could not express how badly they needed therapy .
tr	NNS	The companions walked under the arch of stone and into what could 've been a different world .
tr	NNS	Russian wolves are huge .
tr	NN	His stamina was amazing , his desire for her heartrending .
tr	NN	There 's no carpet on the floor .
tr	NNS	The eggs continued their sizzle in the pan .
tr	NNS	Bright colors that created a kind of uniformity .
tr	NN	The nearest investigator glanced up .
tr	NNS	Squires quickly explained everything including the incident at the jail where they were planning to hang him and make it look like a suicide .
tr	NN	Raw , urgent hunger exploded in his eyes and his chest expanded on a swiftly drawn breath .
tr	NNS	Reyes asked , more a croak than a question .
tr	NNS	Rage and frustration flared , thirteen years of hurt , fear and anger , all bursting to the surface at once .
tr	NNS	Things were going even better than she had expected .
tr	NN	This reasoning worried him .
tr	NN	And a dragon has never attacked our village before .
tr	NN	That little redhead that just left here ordered the same thing . "
tr	NN	" The surgery went just as you said it would .
tr	NN	Love is an evolutionary tool , not a spiritual tool .
tr	NNS	Their differences had come out lately over management of the kelp .
tr	NN	" Just calm down , now , " the cowboy said .
tr	NNS	The tightness in her chest , behind her eyes , became unbearable .
tr	NNS	The few fans in the room enjoyed the thrill of not being able to interact with or change the film .
tr	NN	His brain damage , if any , is minimal .
tr	NN	His weakness was growing by the moment , the lines in his face deepening , etched with pain .
tr	NN	A light rap on the door let me know she had arrived .
tr	NNS	His movements rocked me , but I refused to scream .
tr	NN	" Stand and sing , " urged the worship leader , bursting into praise accompanied in varying tempos by the congregation .
tr	NNS	" Will , your grandparents are here .
tr	NN	The route took them in a large circle that would end at Hector 's cottage .
tr	NNS	The ruins must provide some shelter from the weather , too .
tr	NN	Was that subtle fragrance from her skin vanilla ?
tr	NN	The roundish scar on his back from the heated metal pipe was a permanent reminder that he couldn 't keep secrets .
tr	NN	the novice said in a startled voice .
tr	NN	The allowance they survived off was a welcoming relief .
tr	NNS	" In case our biker buddies are there . "
tr	NNS	But the lies had been ingrained so deeply through fear and shame they 'd almost become my truth .
tr	NN	Cara 's specialty is obstetrics . '
tr	NNS	Things can get out of hand quickly .
tr	NN	Chance walked up on the other side of Dara , draping his arm across her shoulders and glaring at me .
tr	NNS	All human bodily functions cease to exist .
tr	NNS	Only at her cousins ' weddings were those rule books tossed out the window .
tr	NN	Part of it is a kind of theologically hereditary caution .
tr	NN	And the poet who lived in him would not stop fantasizing .
tr	NN	There was a harshness in his tone he hadn 't meant to use , but he hoped it might scare her , just a little .
tr	NNS	All too soon , scenes from his past sprang up and joined the party .
tr	NN	" There 's not exactly a public restroom nearby . "
tr	NNS	The butterflies from yesterday had returned and I felt a little nervous as we approached the first fence .
tr	NN	The carpet beneath the door had an arc drawn across it in dust .
tr	NNS	Guns remained aimed at them .
tr	NNS	" Your ceilings are exceptionally low .
tr	NN	Also by Amanda Martin : BABY BLUES AND WEDDING SHOES Amanda 's latest release , the chick lit novel Baby Blues and Wedding Shoes is available now .
tr	NN	He couldn , t hear them .
tr	NNS	The effects ranged from euphoria to hallucinations and disorientation .
tr	NNS	" There are many creatures that exist along the fringes of the world .
tr	NN	The colonel propped a hip against the scarred filing cabinet and folded his arms across his chest .
tr	NNS	Inside the command module he now had four dull red lights glowing on the flight console and two the two small computer screens showed nothing .
tr	NNS	Colored pillows brightened up the sofa and a matching area rug lay beneath the table .
tr	NNS	Delores still isn 't convinced .
tr	NN	And let us not forget our history , legend says that the redhead and her protector existed before us . "
tr	NN	This new slide is green with large letters saying : PROJECT EARTH There is a picture next to the text .
tr	NN	The captain looked at the raised weapon in momentary panic and fear , then , shrieking " Out of my way ! "
tr	NN	Within a minute there was a rapid double tap upon the doorframe .
tr	NNS	Kris paused as if thinking , " Though I know now how to fix that don 't I ? "
tr	NNS	The trains were always on schedule , and I knew that another train would follow an hour after the next .
tr	NNS	" The cards show you have the potential for happily ever after , Jason . "
tr	NNS	These creatures were tiny and seemingly weak , but they were as ferocious as rats in a swarm .
tr	NNS	In a sudden multitude that became a riot , many objects reverted to people , rising to protect and fight .
tr	NNS	In this pivotal sequence early in the novel , the main characters are training for a mission that will involve being dropped onto the surface of Venus .
tr	NNS	Others could see her .
tr	NN	And this new habit of his , splintering the routine he had clung to when she first came to the city , was even more disquieting .
tr	NN	" The only gas we can use is the stuff left in the pipe and in range of the glove .
tr	NNS	The soft pillows and bed linen .
tr	NNS	Things had changed between Ruth and me since that night in the park .
tr	NNS	A few initial warm drops of moisture dripped down on him .
tr	NNS	So for all of you lovely Cadogan vamps , here 's a rainbow , one color at a time . "
tr	NN	Morgan 's reputation for being a raging slut who 'd sleep with almost anyone made her number one with the guys , though .
tr	NNS	Things are proving a little too interesting . "
tr	NN	The Neolithic fan didn 't see what the rest of us saw and took his chance .
tr	NN	" My bullet will hit you faster than any bow can travel . "
tr	NNS	Looks like the kid was right .
tr	NN	The steam rose in tendrils toward her face .
tr	NNS	The gates continued to boom , and Breeze wiped his brow again .
tr	NNS	While both my agent and I had high hopes about how the novel would be received , hopes were one thing , and reality was another .
tr	NNS	" Look , the risks are high but we 'll make it through .
tr	NN	Her pulse returned to normal while she listened to her son gathering his clothes and putting them on .
tr	NN	The usual interim for changeover will not happen and we will be defenceless . "
tr	NN	Her minion squad was right behind her , ready to surround their prey .
tr	NNS	There were other images emerging to hold my attention .
tr	NN	Therefore , the belle saved her beau , her designated Sine , before the disaster .
tr	NNS	Questions roared through him , along with a rising sense of dread .
tr	NN	What 's the Empire buying ? "
tr	NN	Finally , there was another little hiccup in Madeline 's magic .
tr	NNS	Similar arrangements are already in hand .
tr	NN	There was a second parlor at the back of the house .
tr	NNS	His movements were so graceful .
tr	NN	The raven scratched its head .
tr	NN	The lack of sleep from the night before was catching up with Jason .
tr	NN	Her grandmother stood on an isolated hill , her eyes filled with tears .
tr	NNS	Girls from the tennis team held plates of canapes .
tr	NNS	The chances of us surviving are pretty slim .
tr	NN	Surely there is no sin in that . "
tr	NNS	His eyelids were heavy as he studied her .
tr	NN	" The sacrifice , " a voice pulsed through the air , nearly driving Styx to his knees .
tr	NN	There was a great boom .
tr	NNS	In this calmer environment the cousins were able to gradually prepare for their vital mission .
tr	NNS	Though nothing had changed on the outside , the emptiness screamed from the blank windows .
tr	NN	The dwarf stopped grumbling and sat scowling to himself instead .
tr	NN	Despair crashed over me .
tr	NN	The Sumerian tribe all knew this song well -- it stretched back through time and no one knew who had originally written it .
tr	NN	In his mind the Link faded , and the emptiness brought the same horrific feeling of absence that you felt stepping off an unexpected stair .
tr	NNS	The moss itself looked like emeralds scattered along the winding stream and up the trunks of trees .
tr	NNS	The characters and events in this book are fictitious .
tr	NN	My parental grandmother , ever a fan girl of pharmaceutical products and medical intervention , insisted that I needed therapy when my mother died .
tr	NN	Her pulse skipped when she saw the name in the message box at the top left corner of her screen .
tr	NN	There is some proof that it can be between family members , so it 's not necessarily a romantic type of bond . "
tr	NNS	Your messengers are dead .
tr	NNS	Bugs was less enthused .
tr	NNS	Marius has plenty . "
tr	NNS	Lots of brides are pregnant these days .
tr	NN	Who was that fine hottie you had with you ?
tr	NNS	In that moment of inattention , the Black web 's strands had sagged , stretched , started to break .
tr	NNS	Close sources say she 's yet to invite him , so we 'll send him an invitation from her . "
tr	NN	Where was the challenge ?
tr	NNS	" And the other cases I found are similar .
tr	NNS	Alexis asked Xavier for a response to what amounted to disobedience and poor judgment .
tr	NNS	His pupils filled his entire irises , making his eyes look black .
tr	NN	A rotten stench enveloped me , and as the hole deepened , the smell grew more pungent .
tr	NN	" I try my best , " said her grandmother .
tr	NN	The torso was of a beautiful woman with long silver hair covering her naked breasts .
tr	NN	Author 's Note and Legal Disclaimer The preceding work of fiction is intended for entertainment purposes only .
tr	NN	" Because beef is murder ! "
tr	NNS	There were tiny gems in his hands , unlike anything I 've ever seen .
tr	NNS	But the skies were blue , the hills were green and gold with poppies .
tr	NNS	My heart races with joy as I hear the door creek and they toss me inside .
tr	NN	Seth 's approval washed over me like I 'd just stepped out into the summer sun .
tr	NNS	The two figures leapt into the air .
tr	NNS	Lots of people date when separated and going through a divorce . "
tr	NNS	Lights danced , colors swirled , the sky sparkled brilliantly above her head .
tr	NNS	But the skills of a jack-of-all-trades have more uses then the master 's one .
tr	NNS	No locks ever kept Armand from anything .
tr	NNS	There were classrooms with desks as well as dojos , indoor firing ranges , weight rooms , and fencing studios .
tr	NN	The squad quickly rushed over to join him .
tr	NN	Here the junction with Highway 27 , which begins snaking back down to the south , presents a breathing panorama .
tr	NNS	The butterflies in his stomach ' were having a grand time .
tr	NN	As it was now , the miraculous rebuild of Manhattan had the entire world on pause .
tr	NN	Her full mouth curved and two tiny dimples appeared in her cheeks .
tr	NNS	Flowers seemed to be the theme for the evening .
tr	NNS	Things popped inside her body and she couldn 't take the breath she so desperately needed .
tr	NNS	Your grandparents must have dug this sometime in the last six years . "
tr	NN	" Your honor , there is ample evidence to convict Mr. Pope .
tr	NN	Then the deafening boom burst across the phone line .
tr	NNS	Rawlings had his hand across Emma 's back .
tr	NNS	The bars outside them , though of wood , were quite strong .
tr	NN	With all that time on their hands , body language and gesture form an integral part of their grammar .
tr	NN	His condition was slipping and he had not contacted his trainer , whom I guessed with some level of accuracy to be Selena .
tr	NN	Our smal audience laughed at my haste .
tr	NN	The dungeon came into view and , in the corner , a familiar figure lay curled up on the ground .
tr	NN	A puff of snow blew from the roof of the car , temporarily blinding her .
tr	NN	It churned and roiled , a furious inferno contained by magic .
tr	NNS	And there were some openings in the team now .
tr	NNS	The ghosts are truly terrifying in The Shining , but it 's Jack ( and Jack ) who really gets the viewer all jacked up .
tr	NN	But my celebration and everyone else 's were two different things .
tr	NNS	Bugs replied , while taking a seat on a worn sofa at the center of the room .
tr	NNS	There were no innocents anymore .
tr	NNS	The chances of a single grenade getting us out of here alive were laughable .
tr	NN	The siren said offhandedly .
tr	NNS	Others had no grass at all .
tr	NNS	The heavy thuds of his steps echoed through the stairwell just a little slower than the click of my heels .
tr	NNS	The human leaders will go into hiding .
tr	NN	' It 's obvious they 've left the valley , ' said one policeman .
tr	NN	The usual catalogue of war and political bullshit fell out and I skimmed past it looking for something to capture my imagination .
tr	NNS	The two very powerful and very murderous Werewolves went immediately quiet .
tr	NN	The exchange took place with me carefully counting out the money without revealing how much I had left .
tr	NNS	Amira 's servants tried not to gape at the opulence of the room .
tr	NNS	The most decadent desserts have nothing on the taste of suffering for me .
tr	NNS	But the ancestors were too powerful .
tr	NN	Os ' mar paused as I waited for him to continue .
tr	NN	He begins again : " A few centuries ago , the government of this country became interested in enforcing certain desirable behaviors in its citizens .
tr	NNS	Yes , my tits were out to play , but I worked at a bar , not a day care .
tr	NNS	Hands clasped behind her back , Maryanne strolled across the grass of Volunteer Park , kicking up leaves as she went .
tr	NN	' Well , my darling , just remember what I told you .
tr	NNS	Funny how your fears always manifested and took over your life .
tr	NNS	These two types still exist , and have become even more powerful than in those years . "
tr	NNS	Chills spread over him as her hand glided down his spine to his hip .
tr	NN	" His grandmother said he didn 't come home last night .
tr	NN	But in this circumstance , his lack of outer vision was absolutely no hindrance .
tr	NNS	Of course , these skills do not merely protect you in our world ; they also draw you into it .
tr	NNS	Two letters , one from November and one from January , interested me .
tr	NNS	The items were feminine , for a woman , and my confusion was understandable since no women still resided here .
tr	NNS	Her muscle cramps went away .
tr	NN	More scrabbling before Julie spoke .
tr	NN	" My employer will give you twenty-four hours to agree to ditch the added research . "
tr	NNS	One curl falls messily across his forehead .
tr	NNS	For a few seconds twins were staring at each other without blinking .
tr	NNS	Even the rats get scared , running to us for comfort .
tr	NN	James 's attorney answered for him .
tr	NNS	There weren 't any streetlights out here .
tr	NNS	The closer they got to the town , the more excited the travelers became .
tr	NNS	Lights will go on and off , heat lamps will turn on and off , and air vents will hiss to keep track of things .
tr	NN	The secretary pounded wildly on her keyboard , so much so that Joe B. doubted she really knew what she was typing .
tr	NNS	Their footsteps echoed on the tiled floor as they made their way to the large , curving stairway .
tr	NNS	Reyes rumbled from down the hall .
tr	NN	" Tax fraud , " Michael replied .
tr	NNS	The vamps were still shouting .
tr	NN	A long silky mane flared on its sinuous neck .
tr	NNS	I absolutely do not want to get those hideous worry lines you serious types get .
tr	NN	A faint blush crept up his cheeks , but he still held out his arm to the younger woman .
tr	NNS	Would the lies always be boundless ?
tr	NNS	Massive winds followed and blew everywhere , sending me falling faster to the ground .
tr	NN	My melancholy during Kellan 's absence had affected him more than I had realized .
tr	NN	Nevertheless , an obligation is an obligation .
tr	NN	His would-be rescuer stared at him in disbelief .
tr	NNS	The self-defense classes where he recruited as many women and kids as he could get .
tr	NN	" A partnership can never be about one person luring in the other , or tricking them into a match .
tr	NNS	Lots of people had wanted to pat or hug or touch me at the funeral and after .
tr	NNS	Wink 's actions reminded him of a hound on the scent of a skunk .
tr	NN	The loudspeaker announced that the cabin crew were going to dim the lights .
tr	NNS	Looks like woman trouble to me . "
tr	NN	A thrill of triumph ran riot through Ari 's mind .
tr	NN	The colonel stared at him for a moment , and then his eyes slowly drifted to the corner of his desk .
tr	NNS	Over time Tom 's kisses learned their way to Esme 's lips , but they stayed gentle and he still blushed every time he saw her .
tr	NNS	What joys await for me tonight ?
tr	NN	That inch is fifty foot long . "
tr	NN	May our association be long and profitable . "
tr	NNS	Only three employers had called her back .
tr	NN	Her concentration on the task was total .
tr	NN	His accent was thicker than what was considered typical for Virginia .
tr	NNS	Their spines glistened as if they were dusted often and with great care .
tr	NN	" There is usually only one healer in a village at a time . "
tr	NN	Love is all that matters . "
tr	NN	Though she 'd just seen him this past weekend , every pore in her body missed him .
tr	NN	Among the six soldiers was a sergeant , Henri LaRouche .
tr	NNS	Nerves drew taut , near to breaking .
tr	NNS	Because of this variety , some scholars prefer to use a general term such as " the sacred " to designate the common foundation of religious life .
tr	NN	The winner may decide what comes of the captive . "
tr	NN	" Morning sickness . "
tr	NN	The Sheriff and two deputies conducted a delicate search of the closet and drawers and bathroom .
tr	NN	More lightning but it didn 't illuminate the man 's face .
tr	NNS	Barnabas grinned and cast her away with little effort , " Is that what you want ?
tr	NNS	The villagers had scattered and disappeared long since .
tr	NNS	The burgers filled my Audi with savoury aromas increasing my hunger ten-fold .
tr	NN	The countryside of Germany looked like the countryside of just about anywhere : boring , a rolling hill here and there and the occasional house .
tr	NNS	There were a few wet spots on the floor from roof leaks , but basically , the building wasn 't bad .
tr	NN	The notion that Jason , in desperation , would either have to swim for the precipice or drown would not leave her .
tr	NNS	There were footsteps and voices at some point and I stiffened in his arms .
tr	NNS	Not much more 'n a bunch of chisels , these scraps are -- " " I 'll take the scraps , too . "
tr	NNS	" Folks ' round here don 't know a lick about talent .
tr	NNS	What if the e-mails were not really from Tench ?
tr	NNS	The gang members who must die tonight because he couldn 't risk leaving them alive .
tr	NN	The deputy said to David , " This way . "
tr	NNS	Reyes stood over him , a dark glaze of determination and regret blanketing his tanned features .
tr	NN	A second later Greg also caught the smell , sulphurous and warm .
tr	NN	If she tried to sit on his shoulders her tail got in his way and she bumped her head on door frames .
tr	NN	Unlike the rest of the building there was a distinct lack of echo in this room .
tr	NNS	" Then your captains will be able to carry on without you . "
tr	NN	There was a layer of dust over everything , like nobody had been in the house for months .
tr	NN	His shabby , thatched clothing appears to have been handmade , but before the king of thieves can get a good look , he vanishes .
tr	NNS	My chances of survival lay greatly in evading away from her reach and retaliating from a distance .
tr	NN	There wasn 't even a lantern lighting the porch , and I felt my stomach sink .
tr	NN	The dragon glided and flipped in the air , avoiding each falling wreckage .
tr	NNS	My counting increases in speed as the conversation enters ground zero .
tr	NNS	The tickets were his to do the four Imperial Temple Gardens with his name and date stamped upon them .
tr	NNS	Changing the subject , the letters and articles end so abruptly at the end of November .
tr	NN	The explorers surveyed the entire galaxy group slowly , creating permanent centipede hole gates between the inhabitable worlds .
tr	NNS	- suits made to our own pattern . "
tr	NNS	His ideas included zero transportation or using some kind of invisible aircraft that was parked there on the sidewalk .
tr	NN	The buffalo suddenly looked like a house pet .
tr	NN	The firelight behind her painted her black hair nearly auburn .
tr	NN	A subsequent offense will result in one year imprisonment , and a third earns ten ! "
tr	NN	The patrons there knew they could truly be themselves .
tr	NN	The theory seemed to hold .
tr	NN	" The forest , north by the river , " the ghoul said .
tr	NNS	All Riley 's ideas were strange and twisted and he said all of mine were boring .
tr	NN	Her pulse seemed to hum throughout her body .
tr	NNS	Hatch 's instincts had carried him through situations that would have downed most operatives , and his instincts had seen him through again .
tr	NN	A footman opened the carriage door and set a stool on the ground .
tr	NNS	Finally , his gaze lands back on me and I can see his pulse throbbing in his neck , so damn nervous and strangely so am I .
tr	NNS	Lots of things round here are going to get bruised . "
tr	NNS	Empty parking spaces surrounded them .
tr	NNS	So here are the simple facts .
tr	NN	" The guilt is weighing so heavy on me .
tr	NNS	All those nice little cottages by the church are going down .
tr	NN	His whole bearing bespoke a deep pleasure as he took Karen 's hands .
tr	NN	Copper is essential to all living organisms for respiratory .
tr	NN	And vice versa if she said a cross word to him .
tr	NNS	The shapeshifters had some sort of pack mentality thing going on , and the faeries used the wind or a flying insect to deliver messages .
tr	NN	The bed legs creak against the stone floor and the door launches open .
tr	NN	The archer bows low , her humility an offering , lower than she ever bowed to the emperor .
tr	NNS	Initially , the newly established county courts heard appeal cases for absentee students or families , like Galveston 's , which were split .
tr	NN	Either option made my stomach twist .
tr	NN	The seed shall dissolve its utility and fruition into the soil and the soil shall attain its finality .
tr	NNS	" Things haven 't really been going good for me lately . "
tr	NN	Backing away in a scramble the defiant warrior lost his footing and landed heavily on his backside .
tr	NNS	And when you know how to look for it , the signs are as clear as a billboard . "
tr	NN	The first martini led to a second , but he quit after two .
tr	NNS	The drops extended for three feet in either direction from the center of the broken crates .
tr	NNS	Two bright spots of color flared on Kendall 's cheeks at that .
tr	NNS	Myles let his gaze range over the other man , all the way down to his untied boots .
tr	NNS	Two cleaners in neat uniforms were going through the rows of seats , removing the odd paper cup or napkin .
tr	NN	There was resolve on her face , in the depths of her eyes .
tr	NNS	There were some changes that would cost more than a pretty penny and she 'd been prepared to make adjustments if he balked .
tr	NN	The writing of Anja was complete and he had obligations he 'd let slide for far too long .
tr	NNS	The first signs of complications came in the second trimester .
tr	NNS	Their blades are usually wider than the one he is holding . "
tr	NN	The brunette pulled at the blonde 's arm .
tr	NN	The whistle faded away , and the guns remained mercifully silent .
tr	NN	Maybe her weird outside phobia was minor , just a blip on an otherwise sane human being .
tr	NN	His chuckle brushed over her skin as he shifted to tug the sweatshirt over her head .
tr	NN	Normally , Joey 's flop to the mat would be a signal to his partner to put him in a rest hold .
tr	NNS	And then the tentacles leaped !
tr	NNS	Lots of people were there .
tr	NN	His muscle mass had started to shrivel away , but with his bulk , he still had to be quite a load for her to maneuver .
tr	NNS	Flames hovered over his hand .
tr	NNS	The minions have finally crashed and are all cuddled together in front of the television .
tr	NNS	Hands grope at me , but I slap them away .
tr	NNS	My fingernails are digging into Ketchup 's skin .
tr	NNS	Diggs had gone quiet again , but finally he cleared his throat .
tr	NNS	Romulus mopped himself off upon reaching the inner clearing in record time .
tr	NN	He real y does like you , you know .
tr	NNS	Things had just started to heat up the way she 'd wanted .
tr	NNS	Such fights were always to the death .
tr	NNS	After all , specialists were always busy , right ?
tr	NN	His wording implied that we 'd woken up together .
tr	NNS	Images washed into his mind as sight returned .
tr	NNS	* * * Our grandparents live on the other side of the island , and they 're the best too - Mum 's parents .
tr	NNS	' And the losses ... OK !
tr	NNS	There were still tens of thousands of people living below in the darkness , but it seemed almost everyone was clambering to escape .
tr	NNS	Outward appearances , things , didn 't seem important to him .
tr	NNS	Kris and I myself .
tr	NN	" I thought you didn 't know what this was , " the leader commented .
tr	NNS	But there were no signs of destruction .
tr	NN	Each stroke of her tongue sent an answering fiery throb straight through the head of his shaft .
tr	NN	" The sheriff is right ; whatever comes out of the cave may help us , but at the same time may hurt us .
tr	NNS	A few Mages conversed in the couches before the fire .
tr	NN	Not expecting anyone to be able to swing such a huge weapon with such speed , the warrior was unable to lower his shield in time .
tr	NN	The thief even gave them his real name and that 's how we traced it back to Gibbons . "
tr	NNS	" Ah , the comforts of ' brainless male machismo . '
tr	NN	" Yeah , well , there 's a bump in your bill for it . "
tr	NN	the sheriff thought to himself .
tr	NN	" In here , " the mayor answered .
tr	NNS	The courts gave lip service to equality , and then ruled a child needed its mother .
tr	NNS	Reyes could no longer see him at all .
tr	NN	Around the stone , were seating places for the tribes , each tribe had their own stone marker and a flag , bearing their insignia .
tr	NN	Her clothing and grooming were much too nice .
tr	NN	" It is well known that you spend your nights up here , " the squat priest explained .
tr	NNS	And since when did classes begin out in the corridor ?
tr	NN	The troll had been trying to get into her bed since gaining control of her curse .
tr	NNS	The nurses think we 're cute together .
tr	NN	" What does that mean , winner take all ? "
tr	NNS	24 CALL IT PEACE " Who stands , then , to represent the Faerie Courts ? "
tr	NN	Shit , the way Mira goes into combat ? "
tr	NNS	Carly glanced around at the rich mahogany bookshelves her father had had installed when he 'd moved out of the city to Westchester County .
tr	NNS	Beat eggs until pale yellow and light .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared , but that was his only reaction .
tr	NN	The soil may have stopped the worst of the bleeding , but it didn 't take away the pain of torn flesh .
tr	NNS	The authorities claimed he did his best work after dark . "
tr	NNS	Others claim it was his own people . "
tr	NN	The jar is as warm as the ambient air but I don 't care .
tr	NN	The scaffolding was barely capable of keeping up its own weight .
tr	NNS	So a few artists get a boost .
tr	NN	The soil absorbs the nectar , cleansing her scaled extremity .
tr	NN	Despite Steven 's pleasure regarding the meeting with his agent , writing was still a painful thing to do .
tr	NNS	Then two shots rang out and shards of glass exploded around the vehicles ; the halogen lights went dead .
tr	NNS	Her voice drops and her hand goes to my chest , causing my already hard cock to become almost unbearable .
tr	NNS	" The pills make me drowsy and they work pretty fast . "
tr	NNS	More gunmen were on their way here .
tr	NN	" Wind velocity , eighteen knots , north by north west , " the radio operator said .
tr	NNS	Here in this little shop old secular religious items co-existed with modern earthy occult trinkets .
tr	NNS	Others abandoned their vehicles and prepared for a ground offensive .
tr	NN	Free , to a Good Home , an ad had read .
tr	NNS	" As you know there were experiments .
tr	NNS	Lights shimmered in the depth of the volcano .
tr	NNS	Inside the palace , warriors came and went , talking of pre-Columbian art .
tr	NNS	Alexis laid her head on his shoulder .
tr	NNS	The duchess is sitting near a couch , surrounded by three ladies in waiting .
tr	NNS	These visitors evidently did not pose a shred of threat anymore ; there was nothing they could do to make it worse .
tr	NNS	The crows flew off in silent unison and disappeared into the mist like phantoms .
tr	NN	Behind me came a thud .
tr	NNS	" Power objects don 't work on werewolves , " Abbie explained , " because werewolves are not evil . "
tr	NN	His partner was much younger , much slimmer and much more feminine .
tr	NNS	My instincts were always off with her , always had been , always would be .
tr	NN	My physical therapist didn 't even have me on the stationary bike yet , and my other therapist would probably disapprove , but I didn 't care .
tr	NN	The barkeep jabs his thumb toward a walled set of stairs behind him .
tr	NN	Part of me couldn 't lose him that quickly .
tr	NN	Shame and guilt moved through her .
tr	NNS	At the end of the hall was one door with " Warden Drumheller " stenciled in a rigid , all caps font .
tr	NNS	Shouts of panic rise from the Colonies troops .
tr	NN	Part of me wants to rip Dax a new asshole for being such a jerk .
tr	NN	As much as I dislike the guy , there 's still no proof that it was him last night OR fifteen years ago .
tr	NN	The white marble is hard , smooth , and pretty like you , darling . "
tr	NN	" Love can make you feel like you 're on top of the world , but it can also crush you .
tr	NN	The little email icon stares back at me .
tr	NNS	The possibilities crystallized in Meagan 's mind .
tr	NNS	Others think Zap Zap strange . '
tr	NN	her grandmother shouted from the foot of the stairs .
tr	NN	The pilot pointed out the different buildings as he circled them .
tr	NN	" In a weird way , though , that crash was the best thing for my cousin .
tr	NNS	The chances of me hitting her again were low , but I was willing to try .
tr	NNS	Marius closed his eyes .
tr	NN	Then the slide started .
tr	NNS	Chills shook him as he walked to the blue and white phone stand .
tr	NN	The blue aura around them thinned , and she felt the sheets under her .
tr	NN	My guilt was too great to talk to him .
tr	NN	" He 'll be in here directly , " the sheriff said .
tr	NNS	Many American ports became pirate dens , Bath the most notable and productive .
tr	NN	Of course , the best treatment would be in Little Rock .
tr	NNS	" Timmy can drive pigs , " Bugs said matter-of-factly .
tr	NNS	His actions had only hastened the bad ending .
tr	NN	Once two-thirds had approved it , the new government was official .
tr	NN	And again , he decided that he really needed a hat , a big fedora like in the old movies .
tr	NN	Her hunger for him flared .
tr	NNS	Looks like it 's only me that gets the cold shoulder .
tr	NNS	The lush vibrant colors of summer had disappeared and the shrubs , flowers and grass lie brown and dormant .
tr	NN	Morning comes too quickly for everyone .
tr	NN	The tip would be turning brutally hot .
tr	NNS	The dinosaurs had to die so we could rise .
tr	NN	Reality feels like an echo , as if I 'm underwater while life rages on above the surface .
tr	NN	The celebration continued around them but Titus heard none of it with Selena in his arms .
tr	NN	The receptionist at the front desk looks at them curiously as they approach .
tr	NN	There was a ragged chorus of sound as the others apparently tried to fight and were subdued .
tr	NN	The van braked hard .
tr	NN	My charm of Sensuality is the antidote to Suffering .
tr	NNS	And thousands of arrows , ' another said .
tr	NN	The bland technical commentary was over .
tr	NN	The candlelight played eerily across his face as he said , " I want you to know how much this has meant to me .
tr	NN	The sickening fragrance made me gag .
tr	NN	Behind them was a large poster of Powerhouse flying by the Space needle next to one of an elephant grazing in the African Savanna .
tr	NNS	Things were not always that simple , as she was coming to realize .
tr	NNS	Dark reeds lined the edges , bent like old straws .
tr	NNS	The Walking Names didn 't tell the girls anything about themselves , but she had overheard some things .
tr	NN	the leader asked , annoyed by the half answer .
tr	NN	The stretchy cotton hugged him like a second skin and outlined the size and heaviness of his sex .
tr	NNS	The nervous murmurs turned to loud , fearful conversations the longer the vessel remained inactive .
tr	NNS	She gasped , her pupils dilated as my other hand found its way to her other breast .
tr	NNS	Words died in his throat .
tr	NN	The soup was wonderful .
tr	NNS	The sharply gelled brown spikes on his head flicked back and forth .
tr	NN	The other stack , the one that Will gave me , is twice as tall .
tr	NN	But there was simply no mistaking the way she looked at him , letting her eyes linger a little too long .
tr	NNS	My distant ancestors specialized in spending money and putting on airs .
tr	NN	The elder looked around the clearing as though pondering something .
tr	NNS	How Julie felt , how she and Paul felt , the lunches , the necklace , even the dance .
tr	NNS	Whoever is exposed , only his past generations feel the effects .
tr	NNS	His abilities to throw the ball and lead the team to state the past two years had sealed his position as the most popular boy in school .
tr	NN	' Good luck , ' the Bastian tech added quietly .
tr	NNS	Then switches back to his voice in his imaginary dialogue " But maa , I don 't want no girlfriend !
tr	NNS	Things were going my way .
tr	NNS	The signs of unfinished construction didn 't keep them from seeing the route continued through there .
tr	NNS	Enjoy yourselves , be gone , vanish . "
tr	NNS	His pupils were enormous .
tr	NN	Sooner or later , the Reaper wil have to lose interest in me . "
tr	NNS	The creatures gulped and the littler one reached for a valve .
tr	NNS	On the tv , glorious ads played back and forth like liquid fire .
tr	NN	The trio were in this boat together and perhaps now they will be able to determine where they 'd like to steer this boat to .
tr	NNS	Sirens wail in the distance , closing fast .
tr	NNS	His taps got harder and harder until he was pounding the chair with his fist .
tr	NN	The author guarantees all contents are original and do not infringe upon the legal rights of any other person or work .
tr	NNS	Bronze sculptures of assembled cat skeletons , placed around the room on wooden pedestals gave the room the elegance and air of an art gallery .
tr	NNS	The media would be full of his failure .
tr	NNS	And all the dating websites say it 's bad form to ramble on about the ex .
tr	NN	After - " Her lips clamped shut , and Rachel didn 't say any more .
tr	NNS	There are several hits .
tr	NN	A lean gentleman with kind features stepped forward and offered Rebecca a bow .
tr	NN	" Your mistress is dead , but her death brought me here . "
tr	NN	Maybe if they waited until dawn , a plow would come by .
tr	NN	The man stiffened and his chin lifted defiantly , which elevated his nose to a dangerous degree .
tr	NN	The spark rushed back , then .
tr	NN	A giant round pit occupied most of the chamber .
tr	NNS	Screams erupted , horrible , agonizing .
tr	NNS	There were rolling hills , turned gray by distance , and white cliffs .
tr	NN	Could such a sacrifice make the difference , alter her dream ?
tr	NNS	The funerals were the only time I 'd seen some of these people in the last eleven years .
tr	NN	A perfect imprint of my bare ass cheeks was on the glass of the photocopier , which Trevor and I both had a giggle over .
tr	NN	Their armour was unpolished and dark , and their capes were dark blue .
tr	NN	The page in his waistband crunched with the movement of his hips , reminding him of the pain he 'd caused everyone .
tr	NN	Part of him knew it was a perfect excuse to break the ice .
tr	NN	There were sores on his stomach , the coroner said , which was most likely the entry point .
tr	NNS	Reyes stabbed Maddox once more , the fifth blow .
tr	NNS	Your paleness worries me .
tr	NNS	What other explorers would come all the way out here ? "
tr	NNS	Even the greens was good .
tr	NNS	Real-life guy fights involve more rolling around on the ground , cursing and grunting , while getting in the occasional punch or kick between the verbal jabs .
tr	NNS	" Good evening , ladies and gentlemen , " she said , a broad smile creasing her face .
tr	NN	Probably a function of his ... condition , Vin thought .
tr	NN	Vic usual y snoozed whenever Daphne came over to my dorm room .
tr	NN	Her British reserve forced her to hold her tongue , and silence fell .
tr	NN	Its white siding , colorful flower bed , and the whitewashed fence that surrounded its impeccably manicured lawn all shouted ordinary .
tr	NNS	The implants were not benign , and a new species had just been born .
tr	NN	With your head stuck inside the canoe , your visibility is limited , and you 're watching your feet .
tr	NN	Part of me was glad she seemed worried for my safety .
tr	NN	That tirade gave Gene a fleeting pleasure , but it did nothing to advance his plan for his escape .
tr	NN	The noose hung loose and low -- an unassuming harbinger of the grim event to come .
tr	NNS	There were no roads , no other signs of humanity or of civilisation .
tr	NN	The unexpected praise shocked me .
tr	NNS	Alex massages gentle circles on my shoulders with his thumbs .
tr	NN	The spider began to scuttle across the table toward him .
tr	NN	Part of me wanted nothing more than to say yes to his invitation for coffee .
tr	NN	The maid sprained her ankle and I took your daughter here to see you . "
tr	NNS	' Did the nuns take it ? '
tr	NNS	Chills broke out all over Thomas 's body .
tr	NN	Stacy lit her cigarette , took a long drag , her eyes darting back and forth as smoke billowed around her .
tr	NN	The shooter had aimed for her heart .
tr	NNS	" In other words , his credentials are bogus ? "
tr	NN	" There 's Chinese takeout in the oven . "
tr	NN	The gray haze hung in the air , with its swirling shapes choking out the fresh air of the fall night .
tr	NNS	The colors reminded Rei of a really nice day in the fall , when the leaves were just beginning to turn .
tr	NN	The first follower was always the hardest .
tr	NNS	Romulus returned the stare .
tr	NN	It seems that no one is looking for a master craftsman at the moment , surprising as it may seem , ' replied the dwarf .
tr	NN	The TV was in the same place in the dining room and the newscasters were in the same place along the highway .
tr	NNS	Even the teachers claim that they are not sure what exactly exists there .
tr	NNS	Maris inhaled and looked down , realizing he was shaking again .
tr	NN	Jimmy 's laptop should be there .
tr	NN	There was a thrill to organizing a project and managing a team that couldn 't be matched by the demands of a newborn .
tr	NNS	Hailey jumps and her left hand flies to hold her chest , " Damn it , Mase , you scared the hell out of me . "
tr	NN	The transition has gone smoothly .
tr	NNS	The colors were vivid , and a large pitcher on the ground held a bouquet of yellow roses .
tr	NNS	More ragged figures floated toward me from the darkness .
tr	NN	" The mayor is never going to let us live it - " " Fuck the mayor ! "
tr	NNS	Things are possible for those who believe in the unseen and act according to it .
tr	NN	The black metal trim of the vessel looked sleek and new and there were no signs of rust on its body .
tr	NNS	The blades tilted this way and that .
tr	NNS	The very day their masters fell , the servants turned on them .
tr	NN	His partner frowned and pressed forward once more but Daniel managed to block the man 's kicks and punches .
tr	NNS	Two servants swung it from side to side , slamming the girl 's soft body against the cage 's sharpened spikes .
tr	NN	The sheriff stepped in front of the prisoner and faced out to the crowd , blocking the man from view .
tr	NN	Our fearless leader checked the radar and announced we 'd have rain all night .
tr	NNS	Then the two battling figures fell off the bridge .
tr	NN	Part of his genius is matching the event to the couple .
tr	NNS	Things were different for me there , too .
tr	NN	The bump on the head was nothing , but the residual effects of the EOS were turning me into paraplegic dodo bird .
tr	NN	Though it was fought off , legend says it will return one day to finish what it started .
tr	NNS	Political factions fought one another with no room for compromise .
tr	NNS	The other Alphas agreed .
tr	NNS	Such spontaneous crosses of microorganisms are rare , but they do happen .
tr	NN	The clearing , a small field , was straight ahead .
tr	NNS	The scenes on its sides , inlaid in polished wood and mother of pearl , glowed in the candlelight .
tr	NN	He didn , t feel the desire .
tr	NN	But now there 's a general weariness .
tr	NN	" What does my mate have on you ? "
tr	NNS	The butterflies fluttered in a billowing cloud above us and they followed us overhead as we moved .
tr	NNS	Those two traits will either save you or destroy you . "
tr	NNS	Aris stilled for what felt like an eternity .
tr	NNS	But soon the tree frogs seemed to grow louder , reminding Allie that she should be getting home .
tr	NN	Apparently Valerie 's coping mechanism involved hiding in a carefully constructed shell .
tr	NN	' Your honor , look at the bruises on my wrists .
tr	NN	" God forgive me , " said my pa , making a big show out of blessing himself , probably because he had everyone 's attention .
tr	NN	But the overwhelming stench caused no few to retch .
tr	NNS	Both warriors eyed each other cautiously .
tr	NN	Behind them followed another trio of men armed with assault rifles .
tr	NNS	The roads became crowded with scooters , zipping nimbly around the lumbering bus .
tr	NN	But the lightning didn 't come .
tr	NN	Reality came crashing back to me .
tr	NNS	Things moved slowly and finally Winnie 's friends made it to the head .
tr	NNS	Gloria 's suggestions for our excursions became less and less outlandish in time .
tr	NNS	The drums went on .
tr	NNS	Others who 've been watching her throughout all her lives know how enamored you were of her .
tr	NN	He dropped his head to the nape of her neck , his h * ps pounding forward as his release exploded through him .
tr	NN	The guilt would kill her .
tr	NN	Never had he felt such passion , such desire .
tr	NNS	Looks like a heart attack . "
tr	NN	" No Child , " Nadine answered , looking deep into my eyes , " I 'm going home to prepare for when she gets there . "
tr	NNS	Television programs are for nobodies . "
tr	NN	There is a huge lever and a sequence of buttons .
tr	NNS	The gates pull open before him , and I see there 's a long , enclosed corridor within , with another closed gate on the other side .
tr	NN	Love spilled from her and into Thierry and back again .
tr	NN	The disorientation could paralyze a Jedi or a Sith , at least in the short term .
tr	NNS	Their reproductive functions , their differences in strength and size , partly exhibit , but partly also confuse and misrepresent , the real polarity .
tr	NN	The raft drifted farther away .
tr	NNS	Lights spilled underneath more doorways than not , many of them illuminating the etchings along every hall .
tr	NN	The majority of the pictures looked like they 'd been taken by one of the Foxes themselves .
tr	NNS	Sex scenes had never been an issue for him before .
tr	NN	Your grandmother stole it from us . "
tr	NNS	Our tongues met with excitement and exhilaration as our long-lost kiss left us both breathless .
tr	NN	My pulse picks up .
tr	NNS	The witnesses claim not to know him .
tr	NNS	There are three levels to this building ?
tr	NN	Great concentration was the only way she could relax , and as her face muscles shifted down to neutral he mimicked her subconsciously .
tr	NNS	Outside the truck the wolves were gathering , slinking from the darkness .
tr	NN	Only economic assistance will be available and supervision by the United States Agency for International Development USAID with oversight by an independent panel .
tr	NNS	Lots of people obviously want to put miles between the heres and theres of their lives in the holiday season .
tr	NNS	The chances of anyone from Corporate even knowing where Midland was geographically were only slightly higher .
tr	NNS	Others thought they weren 't but got seduced .
tr	NNS	Words wouldn 't come to her .
tr	NN	The headboard was banging against the wall , and still she demanded more .
tr	NNS	The lies built , but I always deflected her suspicions .
tr	NN	The same insignia was on every other suit that he wore .
tr	NN	The scenario suggested was statistically impossible using his old style of thinking .
tr	NN	Right now , a strong leader would mean more to them than coins in their pockets and rights in the Assembly . "
tr	NN	Love that didn 't disappear just because a woman had to think things over before she could make her way back to him .
tr	NN	The only precaution they took was to cut the generator , which Tom did as Alex , Ellie , and the dog waited at a safe distance .
tr	NNS	Comfortable cushions lined a long settee .
tr	NNS	The black moss was incurable .
tr	NN	" Does the pilot mean us harm ? "
tr	NNS	Noah nodded , his eyelids still pressed closed .
tr	NNS	Emerson came to stand beside Willow forcing attention to turn on him , rather than the gawking , incredulous stares she was receiving .
tr	NN	The mayor was already up when the sergeant arrived , and wandering around the house with a worried expression .
tr	NN	A simple " OK " was the answer .
tr	NNS	Waves of Fire and Air spilled over each other , surging , gushing off into the night .
tr	NNS	His fingernails have perfectly matching cuticles and the lines in his fingers and hands are equally complimentary .
tr	NNS	My pro tours in Italy we 'd slept three to a room , bathroom down the hall .
tr	NN	Um , our minimum hire is four hours .
tr	NN	A chuckle filled the room .
tr	NNS	Maybe the Bugs don 't form bonds as we do , but she wasn 't happy about having her lover 's guts burned up with citric acid .
tr	NN	Part of him had known , all along , that what Leah had just told him was true .
tr	NN	" A little hectic , since my brother is out of town . "
tr	NNS	Others desecrated his temple with their horrible acts against each other .
tr	NNS	" Oh yes , there are classes , but they seem to be about getting through labour and keeping the kid alive for the first few months .
tr	NNS	Romulus trotted up to her through the trees and licked her hand .
tr	NN	The policeman then stepped away from the door and asked , " So what exactly are you boys doing out in the desert ?
tr	NN	The player may either replace the ball as required - " " Put it back in there ? "
tr	NNS	Quick footsteps sounded , running in my direction .
tr	NNS	Those items , I found , were Gerry 's .
tr	NN	A quiet chuckle had followed her out of the room and she had forced herself not to look back to see if Simon was smiling .
tr	NN	Row upon row of drab tents and shacks spread out before them like something from the crowded slums of Brazil or Haiti .
tr	NNS	Bar fights were bitches .
tr	NNS	Their relatives all had a different variation of the mark .
tr	NN	The queue inched forward as young children ran around between the legs of grumpy grownups , yelling and screaming .
tr	NN	The receptionist sounded a little embarrassed about it .
tr	NN	His uncle would have needed a City of Los Angeles dump truck to transport that much dough .
tr	NN	A snort escaped him .
tr	NN	The cart clattered to a halt .
tr	NNS	Just as the thought crossed my mind , the creatures came into view .
tr	NN	" And my wimp runs strong .
tr	NN	A passing gentleman heard the question and stared in astonishment .
tr	NNS	Joshua had pulled up his sleeves , the sinewy cords of muscle embossed with veins .
tr	NNS	Your paintings are all there , ready to sell .
tr	NN	The charm and pain and hint of wildness in her smile obliterated Patrick 's defenses .
tr	NNS	There are so many great Americans who deserve a book . "
tr	NNS	And the experiences of the others are the same ? "
tr	NNS	For another , as she saw it , shooting wolves had simply become part of the way she helped keep the Plan operating smoothly .
tr	NN	As usual , my reflection wasn 't anywhere to be seen .
tr	NN	There was no hunger in his hands as they ran over me , clinging to me , soothing me with love and wonder .
tr	NNS	Reyes could bust out of a regular iron shackle , but not one charged like this .
tr	NNS	The quarters we have are serviceable -- it won 't be the luxury you are used to unfortunately .
tr	NN	Reality was finally starting to set in .
tr	NNS	The sales ladies brought her white ballerinas and tied up some of her curls with a white band .
tr	NN	The white linen clad tables held pink and yellow flowers draped with pearls in honor of the women 's conference .
tr	NNS	All the fresh vegetables , bright colors , and tasty seafood that was in most of it was right up my alley .
tr	NN	If Lea 's fists could break a bone , her tail might be able to break a wall that was made of steel .
tr	NNS	Those two qualities really were two things that attracted her to him .
tr	NN	His soft chuckle brushed over her skin .
tr	NNS	Her father 's attempts to meddle had , of course , reached their zenith in his crazy plan to marry her off to Sawyer .
tr	NN	" A phantom limb , " Viktor whispered , finally understanding the way he felt .
tr	NNS	" Tommy , you 're home , " Evie whispers , eyes on mine .
tr	NNS	Chapter Seven Questions and Answers " Well mister prophet , seems like we have a lot of things to discuss .
tr	NNS	" Our Mistress has a message for you , Meghan Chase . "
tr	NNS	Doors opened and people got out .
tr	NN	Part of her wished the Sentinels had never rescued her .
tr	NNS	The lobby areas were clear , dark and void of life with only the windows letting in light .
tr	NNS	His chances of setting up a successful landscape architecture practice at Coffs Harbour and specialising in eastern style landscapes was waning .
tr	NNS	Barnabas looked me up and down , clearly peeved .
tr	NN	She could perceive his shaft throbbing in her palm , could feel the texture of his smooth skin stretched taut over the veined ridges .
tr	NNS	Both persons turned around and looked at the nurse .
tr	NNS	There weren 't any torches for one thing , and the room had lost its shadows .
tr	NNS	Her cheekbones had more definition than Reece believed was possible .
tr	NNS	Bottles of perfume , sweet-smelling shampoo , brushes and combs occupied half the countertop in the bathroom .
tr	NNS	One hard shove and Dean hit the bed on his ass .
tr	NN	Instead , Lance had learned , efficiency was what she valued .
tr	NNS	" Temperature , eleven degrees centigrade ... " After verifying the other readings , Hoffmann secured the cover on the instrument panel .
tr	NNS	Cadmus had never mentioned returning to the mortal world and I had never asked ... because it hadn 't occurred to me .
tr	NN	Is my robe ready ? "
tr	NNS	Full ogres could do this with little effort .
tr	NN	Outside , dusk would be falling .
tr	NN	Elise 's mate , she recalled , was a warrior named Tegan .
tr	NNS	The tunnels were about two people wide and the walls were rather smooth without large jutting stones or indentations .
tr	NNS	The needle and thread falling from her hands , the bows ripped from her hair as she struggled .
tr	NNS	The winds and waves whisper many secrets .
tr	NNS	-- was correct , all my symptoms were due to stress and I needed a course of antidepressants after all .
tr	NNS	The goons slowly walked by Albert and Lawrence , menacingly glaring into each of their faces .
tr	NNS	Flames and heavy black smoke from the wreckage obscure our view .
tr	NN	But Quinlan 's timbre sank into the deepest registers , which in turn affected the ability of her knees to hold her upright .
tr	NNS	Although Aunt Syl was a very skilled ER surgeon , her cooking skills lacked finesse to say the least .
tr	NNS	Classes have started back up , and the one marketing class Wilder and I managed to get together is the highlight of my week .
tr	NNS	Girls screeched and elbowed each other in front of me .
tr	NN	The balcony shuddered once beneath their feet then began to move away from the wall .
tr	NNS	Her efforts to get any air were unsuccessful .
tr	NN	" Ok , go ahead . "
tr	NNS	Several curling locks of hair had escaped the confinement of her ponytail and now tumbled at her temples , framing her face .
tr	NNS	But what are those other dimensions ?
tr	NNS	Even his mighty guardians felt their hair prickle .
tr	NN	" A fitting name for Captain Craig 's command ! "
tr	NN	The average value of all mass and energy is zero and that is where I. . . "
tr	NNS	As the ship soared , the open OMS ports took their toll .
tr	NNS	But his smarts don 't advertise themselves .
tr	NN	Graham 's growl increased , his eyes turning very light gray .
tr	NN	A few more chuckles escaped him before he bit his lip .
tr	NN	" She has a nice rack , " the werewolf rumbled , straightening .
tr	NNS	Her meager attempts at getting Hadley or Garrett 's attention had only upset him .
tr	NN	The first glint of anger I 'd ever seen in him flashed in his eyes .
tr	NNS	Huntress looked at Bark and cocked her head , " Aren 't you cold ? "
tr	NNS	At their feet , the rods simply sank into the floor 's planks , probably coming out to form strong hooks on the other side .
tr	NN	Her hatred of being alone had caught up to her and slowly drove her insane .
tr	NN	" Here , model yourself for me again , " and Nora created space for herself , and spun round once .
tr	NN	" I told you , " Amy says , " twenty-seven doesn 't work . "
tr	NN	Of what 's south of here . "
tr	NN	As each book is compiled , a committee will form to study and summarize the material .
tr	NN	The undercover agent sat up and leaned back against the wall , cradling it .
tr	NNS	There were thousands of them .
tr	NN	A bra wouldn 't have fit under the bodice of that dress and - He eased away from her .
tr	NN	The canoe foundered into the wave trough , a boiling maelstrom of furious surf .
tr	NNS	If that 's the case , the chances of running into a patrol are as high as they 're going to get .
tr	NNS	Things would get worse for Luther .
tr	NN	No self-esteem whatsoever , really . "
tr	NNS	" Rafe 's actions may have proven false , but the data does not .
tr	NNS	The bites were painful , but shallow .
tr	NN	Your unit didn 't even pick up . "
tr	NNS	Even with this extra knowledge , the ruins were of no more interest to her than before , and her thoughts moved on from them quickly .
tr	NNS	Without speaking , her four crew members spread out in a flanking position as she slowly worked her way through the crowd .
tr	NNS	A ruckus in the entry catches our attention .
tr	NN	The large buck lifted his head in suspicion .
tr	NN	' Afternoon darling , ' said a passing waitress , who was chewing gum and winking at him .
tr	NN	" Benedictus Deus , " the priest said .
tr	NNS	Soon though , the slow , methodical movements were no longer enough .
tr	NN	The Philippine government issued also their official statement regarding about the sinking of the tanker .
tr	NN	His pulse becomes mine .
tr	NN	The vine was not that strong to hold her up .
tr	NN	There was the same harshness about him , chiseled into his face and carved into his being .
tr	NNS	Green hills rolled languidly , emerald waves lapping at the outskirts of civilization .
tr	NNS	Muscles bunched visibly under the creased flight suit .
tr	NN	The marathon was in some obscure place he 'd never heard of .
tr	NN	The relentless assault of magic had turned into a steady , terrible pain .
tr	NNS	The streetlights were far apart here with areas of darkness in between .
tr	NNS	The Māori warriors in front of them gathered to perform a haka challenge .
tr	NNS	' Look , cat , there 's two types of people in the world .
tr	NNS	Sharp spikes of pain lanced through my chest and I felt my heart breaking for him .
tr	NN	" The sheriff 's dead . "
tr	NNS	Movie and game posters covered the walls and darkened the windows .
tr	NNS	Fat snow flakes quickly blanketed my windshield until the intermittent wipers brushed them aside , snapping me back into focus .
tr	NN	The slice was too straight , the cause plain .
tr	NN	And a veil of foreboding seemed to rise before them .
tr	NN	A torrent of French filled the shop .
tr	NNS	Your fans will love you more for being one of them .
tr	NNS	The glowing strands of my hair fell across his chest .
tr	NNS	Lights closed on them from three directions , mesmerizing , blinding .
tr	NN	A field goal would make the Rams a one-point winner , which was exactly what Dave had picked .
tr	NNS	The coins coming out of the cornucopia were all different , depicting different amounts and symbols , all of them unknown to her .
tr	NN	The stylist and receptionist turned and both disappeared into the smoke , leaving the two of them behind .
tr	NN	Immediately there was a metallic crash like he 'd fallen against the lockers .
tr	NNS	The ghosts of Evelyn and Louise appeared in two of the open doorways .
tr	NN	Terror gripped me until I saw Tegan had gotten to safety .
tr	NN	The tour served three purposes .
tr	NN	Now science had confirmed their statements .
tr	NN	Once pulled from Titus ' fur and skin , the dart disintegrated into a silver powder right before Selena 's eyes .
tr	NNS	The rats all looked again at the remains of the book .
tr	NN	On the east bank , a great scar cut deeply into the jungle -- an almost perfect half-circle of brown .
tr	NNS	When she arrived at the end of the way , the bridesmaids sat down .
tr	NN	With beard , clay pipe and crooked smile .
tr	NN	A range of alcoves flanked the fireplace ; these inlets were filled with gods and goddesses of empires gone , their poses frozen in stone .
tr	NNS	At least three suits were adrift and one of the few escape pods jettisoned as he watched .
tr	NNS	There are many cases when robots marry good people with excellent positive energy levels .
tr	NNS	Nevertheless , the risks were great for all of them .
tr	NNS	There were no breaks in the shin deep water that stretched before him .
tr	NN	The word Jo caught my attention .
tr	NN	Permanent brain damage could trap her for eternity .
tr	NNS	There were no streetlights on Hawthorn Drive .
tr	NN	The usher was halfway up that aisle , leading a man to his seat .
tr	NN	His Master would be proud .
tr	NN	His growl intensified , and she looked up to see Sabin coming out on the porch .
tr	NNS	" The changes were pretty recent and I only knew that I would be stationed at Vincent a couple of months ago .
tr	NN	The pilot laughs loudly .
tr	NN	If I take on a substandard worker , my reputation will suffer . '
tr	NNS	There are special areas reserved for training for your mission , and they wonder what all the attention is about .
tr	NNS	Left and right were seating areas , fireplaces on each side , their mantels festooned with Christmas cheer .
tr	NN	While it is a state 's issue , in order that people have the same rights across state lines , the national government would recognize those unions .
tr	NNS	Instead , a familiar emptiness swelled where just moments before fear had taken over .
tr	NN	The sum of the whole was much lovelier than any single bloom or lonely little plant in a green plastic pot .
tr	NN	Though late to the party , their arrival couldn 't have come at a better time .
tr	NN	The email wouldn 't send .
tr	NNS	Three pairs of eyes turned to me , and Asher 's grin was smug .
tr	NN	Her nightgown vanished as he sank to his knees and used his mouth to finish what his fingers had begun .
tr	NN	But now there was a new development .
tr	NN	The secret door to the Scroll Room was open , candlelight and laughter lilting up the stone stairs from within .
tr	NN	" A few miles north of here , " the smallest of the runners said .
tr	NNS	Mostly physical changes occurred due to physical incentives from the environment .
tr	NN	The occasional " rebellion " consisted of nothing more than a few thousand men hiding in hills or caves , coming out for periodic raids .
tr	NN	And the jelly beans during our picnic ... And now I was thinking about the picnic again .
tr	NN	" Wait , " Frederic blurted , his eyes almost comically wide .
tr	NNS	Pondering murmurs of a street performance passed between the oblivious bystanders .
tr	NNS	But the footsteps were now coming from behind me .
tr	NNS	We looked down on them , huddled around various dealers like bugs round light bulbs .
tr	NN	" A butterfly told me . "
tr	NNS	Iron bars were visible on both sides of the hallway .
tr	NN	His T-shirt hugged every bulge of muscle , and for Vee 's sake , I wished I had a camera .
tr	NN	The buggy disappeared into the night , and even the sounds faded away .
tr	NN	The pilot had a rifle across his knees and glanced in her direction .
tr	NN	With one long stride , the Ancient landed just beside the boys as they reeled back out of the way .
tr	NN	The barber was trembling .
tr	NNS	For those couple of seconds , all her worries vanished , and there was nothing except the freedom of flying through the air .
tr	NN	Love weaves itself from hundreds of threads .
tr	NNS	" No worries , let 's go . "
tr	NNS	There were two attendants pushing a cart filled with cans of soda pop and other drinks , joking and serving them to any passengers that wanted them .
tr	NNS	Other dwarfs bristled with up to a dozen weapons .
tr	NNS	Time passes , the lovers rest .
tr	NNS	The other two professors had remained seated , and had given the impression that they did not agree with Derek 's findings .
tr	NN	" We 're not your enemies , " the newcomer says .
tr	NNS	His instincts kicked in , and he simply understood .
tr	NN	" Such a fitting end to the prince of Three Kingdoms ! "
tr	NN	Then the spider bites the captive to keep it in one place until the spider 's ready to eat again .
tr	NNS	Things like this shouldn 't happen . "
tr	NNS	My thumbs tapped out and hit send .
tr	NN	The celebration continued for the rest of the day and night .
tr	NN	Set in Cuba , voodoo and zombies are just part of the ghostly shenanigans .
tr	NN	That hatred would then serve as the catalyst needed to cause some sort of rebellion .
tr	NNS	Would wonders never cease ?
tr	NNS	Sadness and shame flickered across his features .
tr	NN	Behind him , the nightclub burned , and somehow the music played on and on .
tr	NNS	The media agreed ; reporters often compared his charisma and appearance to John F. Kennedy , Jr. 's .
tr	NNS	Seen worms on hooks treated more kindly .
tr	NNS	Classes and baseball were taking up all my time but you were always there .
tr	NNS	Others brandished pikes menacingly , snarling , ' Back with you , ' at the seething , complaining crowd .
tr	NN	When I had initially come to you , that old man Roshan was still in my captivity .
tr	NN	The light brown policeman couldn 't go long without asking a question .
tr	NNS	Instead of disturbing him , for some reason the lies excited him .
tr	NNS	Looks like someone is absolutely begging for a spanking .
tr	NNS	No Ouija boards , I promised myself .
tr	NN	" Caroline 's belly is so cute . "
tr	NNS	His pupils widened in response .
tr	NN	The day falling , the mountain chill giving me a tremor .
tr	NN	A second EMT was leaning against the ambulance , chewing a cuticle .
tr	NNS	And your buddies had the nerve to lie for you and say you were in the hospital of all things ! "
tr	NN	Her first instinct was to take off his head with one slashing rejoinder .
tr	NNS	The coins might be their only way home .
tr	NNS	There are no limits here , with us like this .
tr	NN	The majority are solid gold , and the only thing that will move will be your finger in directions it wasn 't built to .
tr	NNS	Her pupils widened with emotion .
tr	NN	The brotherhood kicked in .
tr	NNS	But facts are facts and now is not the time to ignore them . "
tr	NN	Her regard for others struck me as refreshing and mature , and yet , strangely , I wasn 't surprised .
tr	NN	" I ' l tel him you stopped by . "
tr	NNS	Things aren 't adding up .
tr	NNS	All mothers love their children .
tr	NN	The momentum gained by the fall proved to be sufficient to dislodge Steve from the spike and drive them both towards the outer rim .
tr	NNS	Then the sleeping , poisoned warriors awoke as if nothing had ever been wrong .
tr	NN	When they were in the pawnbroker 's back room , the man 's manner made an abrupt change .
tr	NN	Part of a seething , living tide , they streamed along .
tr	NN	There 's a pinch of pain accompanied by a delicious throbbing that I never expected .
tr	NNS	The near crimson locks drew added attention to his pale complexion , and perhaps it was that uniqueness his guest believed he recognized .
tr	NN	An FBI agent contacted Mitch yesterday .
tr	NNS	We two artists stood in silence , looking at the trees .
tr	NNS	Three inches had already accumulated on the road , more upon the desert .
tr	NNS	However , all scans revealed our previous belief was correct , and the planet was indeed barren .
tr	NNS	Families from ancient times wanted jobs to feed themselves and start families .
tr	NN	Link fired two shots in quick succession and the zombie sank to the floor without a sound .
tr	NNS	Only four figures remained standing .
tr	NNS	' More than a friend surely , ' she snapped back , an envious flash in her eyes .
tr	NNS	With the padding , Theo 's drums weren 't nearly as loud .
tr	NN	" The race for the necklace started again , and as far as I know it is still going on today . "
tr	NN	" I know , " said the unicorn .
tr	NN	The sheriff cracked a smile and nodded .
tr	NNS	Words tore from her between sobs .
tr	NNS	" Dogs like me .
tr	NNS	Friday rehearsals are always long .
tr	NNS	The werewolves hadn 't caught his scent yet ; the restaurant was too crowded and smelled of food .
tr	NNS	His thumbs traced a circle around my nipples , then flicked over the hardness , causing my thighs to squeeze together .
tr	NN	After all , the sheriff and his men were armed .
tr	NNS	As they watched , as Bonnie especially , looked harder than she ever had , the letters began to grow more distinct .
tr	NN	An attached tether led to a spool on the wall .
tr	NNS	There are other investors in the mine and I reported to them .
tr	NNS	The five other crew members gathered by the bank were not all hulking athletes , but they were all men .
tr	NNS	' The scales on a dragon are also not all the same size .
tr	NN	Love also took an instant dislike to him .
tr	NN	Honest , " my adversary says .
tr	NN	' A retired politician who shuts down specific computer terminals thousands of miles away , just because someone types his name into a search engine ? '
tr	NNS	Waves from a larger boat passing in the distance made them bob , and Theresa made her way back toward Garrett .
tr	NN	A sickly little fluttering stab of pain went through Amara 's belly , but she did her best to keep a smile on her face .
tr	NN	His condition was both good and bad .
tr	NN	" No , the delivery did that , " she said , then felt bad that she sounded ungrateful .
tr	NN	On the bottom shelf are several bottles of wine and on the top are several trays of finger foods and small plates .
tr	NNS	Sirens scream into the night and as my car hammers back into the ground , I wait for that sound to shriek from right behind me .
tr	NNS	Blazing zombies now littered the battlefield , causing a bright fire to be seen from miles away .
tr	NNS	All the appliances are still here . "
tr	NN	A shimmery purple duvet covered the bed , with pillows in rich shades of red and dark blue .
tr	NN	The current meanwhile seemed to be gathering speed .
tr	NNS	The piercings were as far as I got and then no one caught my interest .
tr	NN	The werewolf looked around him at all of the dead monsters and just laughed .
tr	NNS	Things went blurry again .
tr	NN	Holy cow , that took a lot more strength than I gave Trevor credit for .
tr	NNS	Indeed , narrow strips of orange light outlined the edges of the wide rectangular door , slowly growing as the door opened outward .
tr	NNS	Their expressions were equally grim .
tr	NN	In Texas the general wisdom was that snakes traveled in pairs .
tr	NN	The hunger was beginning to affect him , to sap his strength at the moment of life when he needed it most .
tr	NN	A second later a heavy thud against it suggested he 'd blocked the exit in some way .
tr	NN	The little purple carpet shimmered gently , unperturbed .
tr	NNS	Things I wish I could make up for . "
tr	NNS	All my defenses kick-started me back into motion .
tr	NNS	When we climbed out of the truck with our paints and brushes and walked over to the wall , several pairs of eyes glared at us .
tr	NNS	Jonas stood on the top step , his thumbs hooked into the waistband of his jeans .
tr	NNS	Whole villages , now under tens of metres of water , had to relocate .
tr	NN	Was there no reasoning with someone so filled with hate and rage , who had no softness about him at all ?
tr	NNS	Werewolves are mainly in Europe .
tr	NN	Her posture drooped though and she sighed deeply .
tr	NNS	the duchess asked when Alexandra abruptly arose and shook out her skirts .
tr	NNS	The wolves all howled together showing him their acceptance of what he 'd declared .
tr	NNS	His demands , prior to a date included her lying in a cold bath to chill her skin .
tr	NNS	There were other cases that got less news coverage , but people who pay attention to such things can always find the stories .
tr	NNS	Killing vamps should be child 's play for you , sunny boy .
tr	NN	Ones life condition and determination responds physiologically , as well , to the words of a Buddha .
tr	NNS	" And distances don 't exactly line up between this world and the spirit world .
tr	NNS	Images of his family vanished from view .
tr	NN	The cockpit was a small square of space with a small steering wheel that reminded Abbey of old Spanish galleons .
tr	NN	Her only previous reference to Balmoral was an interview she 'd read about a TV celebrity who lived there and loved it .
tr	NNS	Buffalo hides hung from the walls , alternating with blankets appearing to be Indian design .
tr	NN	" Hey , I 'm full of good ideas , " the politician answers .
tr	NNS	" Things got a bit out of control . "
tr	NNS	The stronger apprentices pick on the weaker ones .
tr	NNS	The other fairies escaped out the window .
tr	NNS	The wipers moved right and left , right and left , making exactly the same sound as a heart beating .
tr	NN	" Ok , so you need to look forward .
tr	NN	" Does his grandmother know of this horrible mischief ? "
tr	NNS	But the sharp eyed mothers noticed the disk seemingly appearing out of thin air .
tr	NN	The roar of his voice was like drums and guns ; and he tossed wolves and goblins from his path like straws and feathers .
tr	NN	Anger and frustration shot off him in waves , and he ground his teeth together to keep from punching something .
tr	NNS	As if the black veil answered , ripples appeared in the veil .
tr	NNS	Where each of her fingers touched him , jolts of energy streamed through his body .
tr	NN	His master was different in a way or two .
tr	NN	" Is Otto , y ' know , prone to violence ?
tr	NN	But once I turn eighteen , The Program loses its hold on me .
tr	NNS	Two more figures came toward them , indistinct amid the swirling sleet until one of them called , " Did you find her ? "
tr	NN	The sick bastard was waiting and ready for it . "
tr	NN	As the sound passed through and beyond them , the room they entered lit up , a great chandelier hovered over the grand regency style table .
tr	NN	The vast majority will never claim a life .
tr	NNS	That all her losses have stemmed from him .
tr	NN	Maybe Storm had known .
tr	NN	" Not a fan of crowds . "
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared , and he shook his head .
tr	NN	Hard science , " he laughed . "
tr	NNS	Others will try to join you , promising help .
tr	NN	" The captain keeps fiddling with the timing , but I think it 's just old , and he needs a new one . "
tr	NNS	" Things like lies told years ago ? "
tr	NN	The goal of this meeting was to evaluate the current situation in Somalia .
tr	NNS	Bony spires stuck out of their heads and ran all the way down their backs .
tr	NNS	Many competitors had given up .
tr	NN	The convertible handles like a dream and I cruise over to her place following all of Sandor 's rules .
tr	NN	The third zone would cover the entire Australia Coast except for the part between Adelaide and Sydney .
tr	NN	The map , that they had studied , contained three different locations of treasures .
tr	NN	Part of me wanted to surrender and let them ... " He shivers , looking very different from the Shark I first met .
tr	NNS	Even insects learned to avoid the place of darkness and the malevolent creature who dwelled there .
tr	NNS	Things will get better . "
tr	NNS	Girls facing boys , just like in country dancing lessons when I was a child .
tr	NN	The goddess began to turn away , but Dagmar pulled her arm away from one of her captors and pointed it at her .
tr	NN	" But my grandmother said ... " " She lied , " the girl told him .
tr	NNS	Her natural inhibitions slipped away .
tr	NNS	Her movements are jerky and unsure , but she 's doing it .
tr	NNS	Several species of bioluminescent seaweed , as well .
tr	NN	Is sexual reproduction a fundamental of our universe or just a chance earth evolutionary success ?
tr	NN	A good referee will ask questions , give advice , and relay information backstage , but will leave the actual improvisation to the wrestlers .
tr	NN	Mach raises his hands and sparks sizzle up from his palms before forming two melon sized balls of orange fire that hover over his hands .
tr	NNS	Cars with roll down windows , and cigarette lighters .
tr	NN	" The medicine still makes me a little sick , but the nurse said that would get better over time . "
tr	NNS	Without His touch , these cats , you and I , would just be a pile of lifeless bones . "
tr	NNS	But their shared expressions were grim , not at all the joyous reception she had imaged .
tr	NNS	Heavens bless men like you , who work so hard to keep this place organized and on the level for the upstanding businessmen of the world .
tr	NN	The television , it brought all that bad news into our house and our hearts .
tr	NNS	Girls have been buzzing around Will since he was twelve years old .
tr	NNS	Others , well , if people learned I left my body unprotected , unguarded , and vulnerable to attack , I 'd fall prey to my enemies .
tr	NNS	The emptiness inside her yawned like a enormous black void .
tr	NNS	Reyes straightened on the couch , the tip of the knife stilling inside his arm .
tr	NNS	Certain materials and symbols found in the tunnels with the bodies suggested some ties to black magic .
tr	NNS	Myles had been planning to go there .
tr	NN	The real discovery rested nearby , created by some event , moving further into the ground , deeper and now secret .
tr	NNS	Birds and binoculars weren 't quite the thrills I 'd expected on my rock tour assignment , but if it was to help Chewie ?
tr	NN	The remnant passed so close to his face that he could smell the dry scent of timber .
tr	NN	" We are tracking , " the radar operator stated .
tr	NN	The pilot was the same middle-aged gentleman who flew the plane when we went to St. Thomas but this time there was also a flight attendant .
tr	NNS	* * We counted five different varieties of transportation lined up against the dome 's wall .
tr	NN	The pencil smiled at me sweetly .
tr	NN	My adrenaline was pumping .
tr	NNS	Others ran past McGregor into the trees .
tr	NN	The map was still wet , but usable .
tr	NN	On the shelf back in the trailer . "
tr	NN	On her desk was a flower arrangement .
tr	NNS	There are quarters here as well for on duty Royal Guardsmen ... as well as a permanent residence for the head of the Royal Guard . "
tr	NNS	Looks like they suggest a minimum GPA of 3.5 .
tr	NNS	When G5 first started , fans weren 't a problem at all .
tr	NN	A bachelor in his early thirties , He studied in the United States , at Princeton , he holds a Master in Finance .
tr	NNS	But often , readers don 't leave them .
tr	NN	The hideously masked soldiers stopped at an imaginary line not far away and slowly advanced forward .
tr	NN	Another bike appeared seconds later on the left side of the car .
tr	NN	My shield is taking a lot of blaster fire now .
tr	NN	The notion that a man couldn 't date a friend 's sister without some kind of permission was insane .
tr	NN	The captain turned to the burglar .
tr	NNS	A few twists and she 'd rewired the combination panel back to its factory settings .
tr	NNS	The burns at his throat , wrists , and ankles were still visible , still painful looking , though the burn on his cheek was nearly gone .
tr	NN	She didn 't exactly have to strike a mood , the seduction was a given .
tr	NN	" The bastard killed him . "
tr	NN	the gargoyle demanded , his French accent pronounced .
tr	NNS	The consequences probably have something to do with turning me over to the Counts .
tr	NNS	My opponents were always able to convince me of their side of the argument .
tr	NN	Despair About a year after the asteroid hit , something happened to Moses .
tr	NNS	Flames beside her altar flared , lighting her menacing expression .
tr	NN	The goal was to induce a type of suspended animation in astronauts so they could travel to distant planets with minimal necessities .
tr	NNS	" But great movements have started small before .
tr	NNS	Now Woodpecker decided to test White Eagle 's ' all knowingness ' , all members of Birds Colony claimed He possessed .
tr	NN	My Grandfather taught me better than that , I am better than that . "
tr	NNS	The contents were a little wet , but at least they weren 't soaked .
tr	NNS	Simple scales first , then a few other exercises to warm up , then some quiet play .
tr	NN	The trio slept fitfully , curled with Marta on the raft .
tr	NNS	Clearly the negotiations were not going his way .
tr	NNS	Two grooves , barely identifiable , right by the connection point of the roof and the mesh .
tr	NNS	Alien characters stared back at him .
tr	NNS	" His grandparents didn 't know .
tr	NNS	" Things , " she returned a moment later .
tr	NN	My Mongolian beef , full of red peppers , arrived .
tr	NN	The absence of the receptionist , who Dennis knew to be both young and attractive , also brought forth suspicions of a more sinister nature .
tr	NNS	There are two more tubs waiting for me when this is done .
tr	NNS	Thin wisps of black smoke slithered out of his chest and spiraled up his arms and down his legs , into the platform .
tr	NN	History will record you as one of the greatest leaders of all humanity .
tr	NNS	New gang graffiti painted in red marks the warehouse across the street .
tr	NNS	" And how are two boards played ? "
tr	NNS	Mages need two hands to work .
tr	NN	The senator pulled a gold cigar case from his pocket .
tr	NNS	Makes it feel pretty real , once you get over the fear that it 's gon na malfunction and send you smack into a wall . "
tr	NN	A guardian is not someone you want to be playing with .
tr	NN	Along the horizon , a range of mountains loomed above the train , casting its majestic shadow over the land .
tr	NN	Perhaps meddling is more like it . "
tr	NNS	Most clients were tolerable but there were plenty of bad ones to sour the job .
tr	NN	Any guilt I had for leading Abe on quickly evaporates .
tr	NN	The celebration for the opening of the new building was a moderate success .
tr	NN	Part of it fear for his son 's life -- hoping the team in orbit did their job .
tr	NN	The setup reminded me of the Supreme Court .
tr	NNS	His ears lie back , his hackles trembling .
tr	NN	The petite blonde blinked up at him .
tr	NNS	There are no supernatural curses for me to contend with .
tr	NNS	There were only two creditors ' claims filed ; evidently Dr. Brant had known death was imminent and obtained legal advice .
tr	NNS	The locks clicked and the door slowly opened .
tr	NN	All about her , the mass of bodies seemed to part .
tr	NNS	His thumbs played back and forth over her hands .
tr	NNS	A dozen objections flashed through David 's mind , but they all faded before that one line : " You owe me that . "
tr	NNS	Eventually the new memories , the new programs being implicitly built could overwhelm the corrupt programming in his firmware .
tr	NNS	Myles opened a notebook .
tr	NN	" And his ex-wife , Louise is stunning .
tr	NNS	" Dogs , " he said .
tr	NN	The church secretary seemed willing to hover just outside the door , so Trevin reached for the door to close it .
tr	NN	A hiccup jumped from my throat , and Rob twisted me somehow so I were tucked against his big chest , restrained like a dog .
tr	NN	But there were many other folk in Isengard .
tr	NN	Love was breathing heavily .
tr	NNS	Things that I don 't think I 'd notice otherwise . "
tr	NNS	Our preparations for war took several years .
tr	NNS	Her golden locks hung in waves down her back as she placed a hand against her heart .
tr	NNS	Three fairies , none of which I recognized , burst eagerly into my room .
tr	NN	" I wish she 'd kil ed me that night , " Trinity final y said , her voice trembling with emotion .
tr	NNS	There aren 't any roads going up there , so a four-wheel-drive vehicle will be made available to you .
tr	NN	Not all the surveillance tapes were viewed to completion , and those that were , had yet to yield any helpful clues .
tr	NNS	There are supplies for us to stay as long as we like .
tr	NN	An adult who could look after himself was one thing , her own child quite another .
tr	NN	Part of her screamed to duck past them and run away , but a larger portion commanded her to stay put out of some sense of duty .
tr	NNS	Challenging new ideas become too challenging for you , no matter how open your mind may have been to dynamic change when you were younger .
tr	NNS	The banks were grabbing at every cent they could , and small businesses had been neglected since early 2010 .
tr	NNS	The thuds from their jumping echoed from the ceiling .
tr	NN	But then again , this time Isabelle was sober , and awake , and obviously expecting something from him .
tr	NN	A screeching roar saturated Cole 's eardrums .
tr	NN	Love , Dad and Mom " Cameron stared at me , waiting for my response .
tr	NNS	There were also creatures with odd numbers of legs , with no legs , with innumerable teeth and countless eyes .
tr	NNS	Several figures were loading a large amount of gear into the rear of the fuselage .
tr	NNS	" The costumes will still be here tomorrow , " Maddy said , reasonably enough .
tr	NN	" Sure , " the brunette answered .
tr	NNS	As far as Carol was concerned , nurses were overworked , underpaid and underappreciated .
tr	NN	The bastard was still doing his job as my bodyguard while working to undermine the alliance .
tr	NNS	Harlin grins and goes to lie on the bed , watching as I unzip the gray wet suit .
tr	NN	His name badge identified him as Bradley .
tr	NNS	We 'd laughed so hard , our stomachs hurt .
tr	NNS	Lights went on inside as he found his way round the house and Dad motioned for us to return to our waiting area .
tr	NN	The second buggy launched into the air just as the old woman and a young girl jumped to the ground .
tr	NNS	Bad roads , winding detours , and shitty weather were our enemies .
tr	NNS	Also , experiments , as in plural ? "
tr	NN	In her hand is a golden Crystal with jagged edges and a pointed tip .
tr	NN	The tin motioned towards the envelope .
tr	NN	A fine sheen of perspiration coated his body .
tr	NN	My ma 's book .
tr	NN	The dragon was here .
tr	NN	His indifference made a chill run down my spine .
tr	NNS	But if the sister is going to live with him , the separate bedroom suites would have been great . "
tr	NN	No more Smoke , no more battles , and no more life-threatening injures .
tr	NN	A gentleman of genuine strength could provide a great deal more .
tr	NN	Her first instinct was to again delete the message and put it from her mind .
tr	NN	His foe now had sweat mingling with the blood on his face .
tr	NN	His clothing was almost nonexistent ; his body was littered with wounds .
tr	NNS	Besides , how long can germs live ? "
tr	NNS	The prince 's footsteps pounded close behind .
tr	NNS	The tree cover is light and we can still see down the river , see Aaron as he rows .
tr	NN	' The studying and literary degree you gained .
tr	NNS	With this , those middle class drones will be in line once again . "
tr	NNS	The learning processes devised by humans and all acquired knowledge actually facilitate avenues to circumvent and obfuscate the practice of good .
tr	NN	Its straining at the rope had caused the loose knot to give way a little .
tr	NN	" By the way where is your partner , the cat ? "
tr	NN	Her back ached and the muscles of her forearms trembled .
tr	NN	The map opened and showed an address not listed in the camping guide .
tr	NNS	May the winds be with you . "
tr	NNS	Chills ran up and down her arms .
tr	NNS	No fireworks were necessary .
tr	NN	The other sergeant held a .45 and had positioned himself to the First Sergeant 's right .
tr	NNS	Achilles filled the hole for a brief instant , then he squeezed on inside , his hindquarters writhing with his wagging tail .
tr	NN	" What 's a speedboat doing out here ?
tr	NN	The inspector did not immediately reply .
tr	NNS	Things are a mess .
tr	NN	Either way , the sentiment is very real and it doesn 't just fester in solitary hearts .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately there are no locks on the door , so all I can do is close it over .
tr	NN	" There is no precedent for denying applications for Transference .
tr	NN	They surged toward Tavi and Varg , their fiery auras flaring in excitement .
tr	NN	The wide staircase was intimidating as it led up to two large front doors .
tr	NNS	Chills of apprehension danced along her spine as she wished there was some way to escape .
tr	NNS	Josh , the fact is , the texts and emails you have received have been dispassionate , even jokey .
tr	NNS	The drums rumbled on and were answered by the bright brave call of trumpets .
tr	NN	Author has a nice way with descriptive words which makes one feel nearly in the room .
tr	NNS	The duchess would more than likely hunt her down with a fire poker after they renounce the engagement .
tr	NN	The angel at top was askew .
tr	NN	The ferry flew smoothly through the water as Ashe and Wynn searched for dolphins again .
tr	NN	But the young policeman stepped to one side and ushered her in .
tr	NNS	Loose sails and ropes hung all over from the masts above .
tr	NNS	The actions are unreal , the women unbearable to watch , but I cannot turn my head .
tr	NN	There was a murmuring from the back of the group .
tr	NN	The car 's front bumper was the closest elevated position to Ted 's current position .
tr	NN	Nodding , the lieutenant motioned for the troops to ready their bows .
tr	NNS	Myles rested his hands on his hips .
tr	NNS	" MYTH headquarters is silent .
tr	NN	the Ancient in charge demanded .
tr	NNS	There were huge losses of children in steerage and we plan to offset those losses by Retrieving as many children as we can .
tr	NN	In retrospect the divorce was inevitable .
tr	NN	There was a deep chuckle and the shadow at my feet disappeared .
tr	NN	That bastard had hurt her physically , but it was her powerlessness that she 'd hated the most .
tr	NNS	Countless species of plants and animals have disappeared .
tr	NNS	The other detectives were here a lot longer and asked a lot more questions .
tr	NNS	The two flight leaders acknowledged the shift of their communication frequencies predetermined in their mission orders .
tr	NN	Beside me , the lab tech looks on with stricken eyes , unsure of what to do .
tr	NNS	And just now instincts were getting out of control .
tr	NN	Maybe the lifeboat would come back around .
tr	NNS	Others relied on his strengths , demanded his skills , yet they didn 't show him affection , didn 't thank him for his unceasing vigilance .
tr	NNS	His planes leave Entebbe in the name of exporting Perch to the world .
tr	NN	" And what exactly is this ritual they come to perform every month ? "
tr	NNS	The bigger boy stomped off down the path , and Bod watched him go , ear hurting , eyes stinging .
tr	NN	The flashlight went tumbling into the darkness .
tr	NN	Although she loved the glow-in-the-dark bedspread and drapes , the lack of light meant she couldn 't admire how blue his eyes were .
tr	NNS	The swarms might continue to be ineffective , as they were now .
tr	NN	The fracture was there in the skull of the priest , a jagged crack , a dark violation of his being .
tr	NNS	Her footsteps sounded very loud in the silence that surrounded her .
tr	NNS	Why should noble ideas protect the wicked ?
tr	NN	The castle had been in turmoil .
tr	NNS	How are our supplies ? '
tr	NN	The dean pursed her lips before saying , " Ms. Prescott didn 't coerce you into this , did she ? "
tr	NNS	" My instincts tell me that the caverns are the way to go .
tr	NN	The hunger to be alone with him nearly undid her on the dance floor .
tr	NNS	Girls sucked at video games , especially her and Eden .
tr	NNS	The immaculate fixtures and decor were stunning and very elegant .
tr	NN	Emelia followed them through with a sense of foreboding , her slender form unnoticed in the panic .
tr	NN	His scarred forearm slid along the railing .
tr	NNS	Heavy dark drapes covered the windows , completely blocking out any natural light .
tr	NNS	Those copper idiots were about to destroy everything if they took it down . "
tr	NNS	The villagers were both excited and apprehensive over Elder Thine 's words .
tr	NNS	Ainsley didn 't protest until he tugged open his trousers , not even bothering to remove his coat .
tr	NN	His daddy didn 't usually like games , but Max loved them .
tr	NNS	" My apologies , " Herr 'D on said .
tr	NNS	Sadness lurked between her lashes .
tr	NNS	Others in his clan thought him mad , wondering why he continued to exist in that miserable twilight .
tr	NNS	The authorities can take it from there . "
tr	NNS	" You know , why can 't some Warden abilities start manifesting ? "
tr	NNS	Between the locked bookshelves were glass display cases .
tr	NN	The goat leap did the trick and the man screamed into terror at the sight of the fantastical apparition before him .
tr	NNS	You see , my skills are " - he searched for the appropriate word - " lacking . "
tr	NNS	Others say that one of the slaves probably killed her and buried her on the plantation . "
tr	NN	Link pulled the shears from what was left of the Blood Incubus .
tr	NNS	Yeah , them little critters are deceiving things .
tr	NN	" Maybe avoidance isn 't the healthiest decision .
tr	NNS	Some teachers call them Blank Slates .
tr	NN	I watch him scribble the words down , his pen strokes long but neat .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared as he sniffed , probably trying to catch Latham 's scent .
tr	NNS	All my grandparents are dead .
tr	NNS	Kris and I did not mean to attract much attention .
tr	NN	The Hand is kind .
tr	NN	The endearment that came so casually from his lips sent a pang straight to her chest .
tr	NN	" None sir , " the computer calmly answered .
tr	NNS	" Home movies , " Nora said with a forced smile .
tr	NN	The last tank kept coming .
tr	NN	The redhead stared at Liz , horrified .
tr	NNS	The coils cocooned the creature 's frail body , caressing her cheeks , probing her body , attempting to penetrate her vital organs in search of information .
tr	NN	Your mate was just showing me around her family 's gym .
tr	NN	This little bot is going to pay dearly for my wasted time .
tr	NN	One brunette in particular , the one he hadn 't married or slept with or even made it past first base with , for God 's sake .
tr	NN	The other curved behind her waist , palm splayed .
tr	NNS	Having eaten nothing but the worst of the dried fish and meat , and stale biscuits , since their captivity , the captives ate ravenously .
tr	NNS	" How many tickets are coming out ? "
tr	NNS	The dead woman bows toward Isabelle then turns to us .
tr	NNS	Ancient images of stars and planets commence filling the night sky .
tr	NN	Nausea rose like bile in my throat , and I dug my nails into my palms .
tr	NN	The loud roar of the water transformed into the soothing ebb and flow of ocean waves .
tr	NNS	The footsteps grew louder , and a moment later , Gin strode into view , with Bria walking beside her .
tr	NN	After we 'd filled his SUV to the brim , Gabriel 's belly demanded nourishment .
tr	NNS	' If you 'd explain ... ' ' The negotiations to secure the safety of your sister 's family will take time .
tr	NN	The first page was a computerized image whose heading read " Ground Penetrating Radar ( GPR ) . "
tr	NNS	There was a sudden fierceness in his voice .
tr	NNS	Never in all the time they 'd been together , first as adversaries and later as lovers , had this subject come up .
tr	NN	And the bastard demanded payment before he 'd hand over the meat ! "
tr	NNS	Both werewolves heard the door open in the suite next door and stopped their discussion .
tr	NNS	Drugs were of course strictly prohibited .
tr	NN	The cougar came down , and my uncle waited , with his bow drawn back .
tr	NN	The tip of its gray , fluffy tail protruded from the pile .
tr	NNS	There were racks of old CDs .
tr	NNS	Looks like I 'll need a Monday replacement as well .
tr	NN	When Wounded Eagle made the call , the woman slave looked in his direction .
tr	NN	The stench was awful .
tr	NN	Along the edge of the field there was a grove of ancient trees .
tr	NN	His accent was American .
tr	NN	The click of the door opening was like a clash of cymbals in his ears .
tr	NNS	Things is pretty accurate . "
tr	NN	The method of choice was to place a marker in the form of an implant on every individual .
tr	NNS	Looks like Digby felt the same way . "
tr	NNS	The twins are fine .
tr	NNS	Finally , my sobs died down .
tr	NNS	Just went up a few notches instead of down .
tr	NN	The whistle came again , and the dog 's barks had grown frantic , high-pitched , almost continuous .
tr	NN	My pulse quickened as my eyes devoured her splendid body .
tr	NNS	After about a week , the cliffs became lower , and the land more gently rolling .
tr	NNS	His pupils were huge in the faint glow of the dashboard .
tr	NNS	The EVA suits are even worse .
tr	NNS	My boobs miss u .
tr	NN	Every inch of his body bemoaned the effort .
tr	NN	The first challenge will be to get out of the truck .
tr	NN	There was no reward on offer so it was a one way street .
tr	NNS	Behind them , footsteps pounded against the concrete as the guards pursued .
tr	NNS	Even a black and white newspaper photograph couldn 't conceal Whitney 's attractive features .
tr	NNS	There were immediate signs of resurrection from the Four Nerds .
tr	NN	Part of Angelica wanted to rip Sweet Dove 's face off , but there were more important things to do .
tr	NN	My first instinct was to lie .
tr	NNS	Only a few mines remained loyal to USAC , raising Solar System prices of iron and putting an end to the building of the great J stations .
tr	NN	- The filming was going on at az isolated desert island for the movie 's sake .
tr	NNS	A dozen blinding , blue coils leapt out as she went to join the giant and together fulfill their glorious end .
tr	NNS	There are no more seats . "
tr	NN	His meticulous yard certainly suggested he spent as much time outdoors as within .
tr	NNS	Marius uttered foreign curses under his breath and tossed the gun into the back seat next to Haven .
tr	NN	Final y , a reddish glow appeared between the trees .
tr	NNS	Reyes drew back to allow the new arrival to take his place .
tr	NNS	In the midst of her dream , trails of fog began to slowly wind through the stars .
tr	NNS	" Things went well at first .
tr	NNS	Her brown wavy locks and the outline of her body in the gown she wore made his cock thicken .
tr	NNS	Doors opened off the corridor .
tr	NN	The tractor was sure footed , but so was a goat , and he 'd seen more than one goat end up on its ass .
tr	NN	To her surprise , a sudden hail of pixels began rolling down the screen , creating an image .
tr	NN	If the pile of dishes is any indication , that sauce didn 't come out of a jar .
tr	NN	The mayor quickly concluded his speech when he saw some students wiping their sweat off their forehead , and fanning their hands under their chins .
tr	NN	" Who 's the new cowboy ? "
tr	NNS	Images of Jetta twirling in Mom 's coffee shop flash in front of my eyes .
tr	NNS	In the meantime , Josef 's experiments were necessary to this cause .
tr	NN	The sheriff stood silently by watching .
tr	NN	Our new Ma is taking real good care of us .
tr	NN	The automobile hissed as if angry at her careless treatment .
tr	NN	A huge welling of emotion brought tears to Tina 's eyes as the two of them were declared husband and wife .
tr	NN	The wheeze grows worse and I close my eyes , beginning to float on a sea of dark , undulating waves .
tr	NN	The bullet 's still there .
tr	NNS	There were too many memory gaps from that party .
tr	NNS	Nita 's footsteps creak on the floorboards inside , and when I turn she is standing right behind me , her hands buried in her pockets .
tr	NN	Love would have absolutely nothing to do with it . "
tr	NNS	Worlds worshipped her ... then she led them to their deaths .
tr	NNS	Cars zip up and down the street as we sprint up the sidewalk toward my dorm building .
tr	NN	After a few more minutes , a final werewolf -- the rear guard -- followed them .
tr	NNS	His hugs weren 't like anyone 's that I 'd ever received before .
tr	NNS	Nicodemus sighed , turning .
tr	NNS	The aunts were the only real support I had in my childhood .
tr	NN	His instinct was to soothe his wife , but Zarah 's new man was the most imminent threat .
tr	NNS	The face cards are worth ten points and the other cards count for their numerical value .
tr	NN	There 's also no fame involved ( not yet anyway ) , so I don 't risk getting photographed or noticed or otherwise exposed .
tr	NN	We 'd better shower , sweetheart , folk are coming up shortly . "
tr	NNS	Diggs held up his hands before I could light into him .
tr	NNS	Starbucks is warning them to keep their voices down .
tr	NNS	My hugs and kisses extend to wherever you are right now .
tr	NNS	No relatives of Bob appeared , at least .
tr	NNS	" These security restrictions are going to really get to me soon . "
tr	NN	The unit jumped some eight meters from the rocks and landed in the pathway behind the stone wall .
tr	NNS	The wickedness of her plan gave an edge to the morning , a dazzling brightness to the suite 's lofty view .
tr	NNS	Our experiments show a rock sample drill can get through the hull .
tr	NN	Luckily , the car rental was right next to the train station .
tr	NN	The healer had noted swelling of her head and had worried her fever was such that it had caused damage to her mind .
tr	NN	At that point an armed response unit would take him in .
tr	NNS	Most couples didn 't start out as a one-night stand .
tr	NN	Lara 's horrified gaze fastened on the elongated teeth , then touched on the red droplets welling up .
tr	NN	His drawl is unique and undeniable , like warm hot chocolate .
tr	NN	As if your creation were not as much a cruelty !
tr	NNS	His hand presses firmer on the small of my back .
tr	NNS	" No vegetables , " Seth said .
tr	NN	The cottage was a typical dwelling done in Draco style .
tr	NNS	Barnabas laughed , and with my stomach dropping in a tingling surge , we went higher .
tr	NNS	More Shadowhunters were turning toward her now as he made his way through the throng .
tr	NNS	" The newspapers were full of it .
tr	NN	The doll stood almost three feet tall .
tr	NN	There was a tense hush about them , the pent up need to celebrate and the guilt of selfishness .
tr	NN	Felix 's theory seemed likely .
tr	NNS	The torches provided a dim light , but Jeremy could see only a figure fully robed whose face was covered by the hood .
tr	NNS	The next visitors will probably want to sterilize all of it anyway . "
tr	NN	My own writing has deteriorated .
tr	NN	Every morning when he glanced in the mirror his reflection seemed to sag a little more .
tr	NN	A metallic click at his feet struck the grating beneath .
tr	NN	The Resistance spilled out of the caves to meet the Bravado , leaving all the children and most of the women inside .
tr	NNS	With so many steel filaments woven together , the suits were certain to provide great defense against the Dark Army 's bite .
tr	NN	" The faction of Ancients who fight us for Berlin are a different monster .
tr	NN	Reality hit her like a slap in the face .
tr	NNS	Her eyes were glowing , her actions were snappy .
tr	NN	In their fiendish , smoky forms .
tr	NN	No wonder Whitney was so into appearances .
tr	NN	" No , only a moron starts a game without knowing what happens if they lose . "
tr	NN	The person driving van did react by swerving hard to avoid the collision .
tr	NN	The policeman coughed nervously .
tr	NNS	Alexis allowed herself to appear that way .
tr	NN	Mrs. Conrad 's breathy giggle decided the matter .
tr	NNS	Both the twins and Andrew dated their fair share of women .
tr	NN	" Where 's that rope ? "
tr	NNS	Chills crawled down my spine .
tr	NN	This second factor is where most of the difficulties lie .
tr	NNS	Her grandparents had left Germany to have freedom from the Nazis and initially moved to New York where the ship docked .
tr	NNS	Smells of charred chocolate chip cookies came from the kitchen and Rose stood .
tr	NNS	No apprentice seamstress was ever prouder of her work than was Becky of the somewhat askew button she had managed to affix to Val 's blouse .
tr	NNS	Their opponents would announce Andrew 's sobriety in a heartbeat if it got him out of the Foxes ' goal .
tr	NN	Inside was a radio transmitter , similar to a Ham radio that he began to set up in haste .
tr	NNS	Others just kept bumping and grinding .
tr	NN	A dull thud of distant shells seemed to punctuate his words .
tr	NNS	' The rats found one . '
tr	NNS	" What exactly are these stress tests ? "
tr	NNS	Many short lived attempts of reorganizing larger areas under common administrations ended in all out confrontations between loosely organized paramilitary groups and armed street gangs .
tr	NN	Situated at the very back of the property , the garage opened onto the alley .
tr	NNS	Proud , headstrong Reyes bowed to no one .
tr	NN	As a two-seater Clarion class transport vehicle , accommodation on board would cause no hardship for either of them .
tr	NN	Instantly , Stanley 's career had new meaning .
tr	NNS	The dazzling chandeliers disappeared and the candlelight were replaced by flaming torches .
tr	NN	" Besides , pal , your plan to get Allison hitched meant I 'd be getting hitched , too .
tr	NNS	Black and white images of John Doe 's skull appeared .
tr	NNS	Rags and a torn robe covered most of his body and the man 's face was badly contorted in a sneer .
tr	NNS	These signs had to have been left when drafts of cattle were taken out for sale to the gold prospectors .
tr	NNS	Without his help , my chances of doing well on finals for College Algebra and Physics were slim to none .
tr	NNS	" The experiments failed .
tr	NNS	Soldiers will be here any minute .
tr	NNS	The captains would demand that the man be tried , convicted , and punished immediately .
tr	NN	Despair washed over him like a waterfall .
tr	NN	The presentation was immaculate .
tr	NN	The lieutenant clearly agreed with the captain , although she said nothing .
tr	NN	The faster they moved , the louder and clearer the bustling became .
tr	NN	It was soft , supple and custom made .
tr	NNS	The pills worked quickly , and the dark edges of the world blurred and enveloped him .
tr	NN	My sensitivity to incorrect initial assumptions kicked in but I wasn 't going to argue with Richard .
tr	NN	The crazy priest is going to save him with evil dirt !
tr	NNS	His nostrils filled with the scent of her blood , arousing his hunger .
tr	NNS	Reyes shook his head .
tr	NN	Vimes wasn " t surprised .
tr	NN	Miraculously , the tiny rectangle remained in the centre of the motherboard , and Dwayne sighed with relief at finding it so easily .
tr	NNS	Your directors can answer those same questions to the regulatory bodies .
tr	NNS	Orders have to come down .
tr	NN	The inner conflict that played over his face was as vivid as the picturesque scene she 'd viewed from his living-room window .
tr	NNS	Those wicked cookies will rot off the hand of anyone who touches them . "
tr	NN	A knight tried to grab his binded hands .
tr	NNS	His kisses became more demanding .
tr	NN	The training session will be free , but I 'm not free .
tr	NN	With the plane on its side , the left bulkhead was now the floor .
tr	NNS	Ground crew attempts at drilling a hole for a search camera had come up with zip .
tr	NNS	And thank God not all werewolves shared that perspective .
tr	NN	His every protective instinct surged to the forefront .
tr	NNS	Lights blazed in the grand salon , but the ornate room appeared to be empty .
tr	NNS	" The monitors will be back soon . "
tr	NNS	Things just kept getting worse .
tr	NNS	Shouts and curses lifted from the passing throng as Shelton darted across the flow .
tr	NNS	The edges of his mouth turned down as he recognized the reflex .
tr	NNS	Americus too must have noticed it for the two of them reached for it at the same time .
tr	NN	The senator believed his aide was the only constant in his life who cared about him .
tr	NN	This particular agony went soul deep .
tr	NN	When the light touched the animals , the insouciant goat merely swung its head toward her .
tr	NN	His treatment of you was so kind and considerate that it evoked love from you .
tr	NN	Finally , the drill sergeant yelled for them to stand at attention .
tr	NNS	But next to the huge and supremely self-confident Goliath , his hopes looked pretty slender .
tr	NN	The strip of orange light on the spheres pulsed so rapidly that it became a solid strip .
tr	NNS	" The first assassination attempts happened before the two of you started having issues , and you , Branden , had nothing to do with it .
tr	NN	If the damage was permanent and irreversible ?
tr	NN	A piercing roar echoed through the tomb , causing us all to cover our ears .
tr	NNS	Looks like about two carats , cut . "
tr	NN	That uncertainty had gnawed at him ever since he 'd agreed to this visit .
tr	NN	Was madness inevitable when you dared to fall in love with Gabriel ?
tr	NN	The creak of a floorboard brought her around .
tr	NNS	Ancient gold coins rolled in every direction and a couple of silver spoons dropped out of the sleeve .
tr	NN	My pulse gave a traitorous leap of excitement .
tr	NN	I hear nothing but I see Kayla fall to the ground in front of me , a bullet wound in the back of her head .
tr	NNS	There are seven centers of power in the body with the sixth being the Psychic Center .
tr	NNS	The companions scrambled over the ridge and descended the other side of the rise towards the sacrificial stone .
tr	NNS	Others dealt with the rain forest , forestry , horticulture , and medicinal herbs .
tr	NNS	The werewolves might try to rescue their alpha .
tr	NNS	No other images of him exist because he had not come to be known among us before he made his choice .
tr	NNS	Things were already complicated enough .
tr	NN	Sick and wheezing and the awful morning when she didn 't wake up .
tr	NNS	The drill sergeants , never ones to waste valuable Army time , began to lecture the new recruits while they waited in line .
tr	NNS	His mistresses were nothing more than employee 's and that 's how he treated them .
tr	NNS	The surviving members of our tribe circled the lone soldier .
tr	NN	The acrid stench of urine filled the car .
tr	NNS	There were murmurs of assent from many of the assembled leaders .
tr	NNS	Others had been numbers I hadn 't recognized .
tr	NNS	There were differences in the head , the ears , the line of body from shoulders to tail , but they had that muscled grace .
tr	NN	But kindness had never gotten him much , either in business or in his personal life .
tr	NNS	The toddlers squealed with delight , as if it were the funniest thing they 'd ever seen .
tr	NN	She 'd been very careful to keep her distance , didn 't want the taint of what had happened to ruin her life , too .
tr	NN	" Not even your grandmother knew .
tr	NNS	The warriors raced up the hill , most with torches , but some with swords .
tr	NN	The kidnapper threw open the door and saw the flooded bathroom .
tr	NNS	Lots of Assassins used informers and locksmiths .
tr	NN	The small , black marble headstone sits alongside my Gran 's , and Megan places a small bunch of flowers against it silently .
tr	NNS	Myriad fears and feelings tumbled through his mind .
tr	NNS	Cassius held up his hands to quiet the crowd .
tr	NNS	My pulse races erratically and I can feel his smile .
tr	NNS	The prints were heading in the same direction as he .
tr	NN	The speedboat was gaining on Teleport .
tr	NN	Tara 's observation was accurate .
tr	NN	" Ok but I have a question . "
tr	NNS	Questions of morality and ethics do not enter into his reasoning .
tr	NN	The cough overtook her and she hacked for several moments .
tr	NNS	Sutton 's pillows crowded every surface , thick and plush .
tr	NN	Link frowned , and I smiled .
tr	NN	For example : The Blackthorne delegation consisted of fifteen boys ranging in age from eighth grade to senior .
tr	NN	There 's no profit in it . "
tr	NN	The maths teacher was still alive , and when contacted had retained class photos , from which he pointed out Thomas Masters .
tr	NNS	The tales about this place were too dark , too persistent .
tr	NNS	The cabinets and counter tops were now dry .
tr	NNS	Lots of people are watching us . "
tr	NNS	The werewolves have arrived .
tr	NN	When I looked at the hotel telephone records to check it , the page for that day was missing . " '
tr	NNS	" Your grandparents sent you balloons every year on the same day until you graduated . "
tr	NNS	Her long blonde locks ran down her back to her waist and were mostly unkempt .
tr	NN	The landlord jumped and spun .
tr	NN	Morning to night , 245 drills me mercilessly , and it 's not like I have anything else to do .
tr	NN	Part of him wanted to turn around and walk out .
tr	NN	The endearment , so pure and sweet , warmed her in places that had been cold for so long .
tr	NNS	Those ancient tales say these five forks will discover an anvil of some kind .
tr	NN	The mansion 's reputation as a hunting lodge was plain .
tr	NN	His body language is of a man who is defeated .
tr	NNS	Her pills were on the nightstand with a bottle of water .
tr	NNS	The convertible 's leather seats were a bright blue that contrasted with the gunmetal color of the car .
tr	NN	Amateur , the oracle had called her .
tr	NNS	On every journey he had ever taken with it , careless baggage handlers had managed to remove a piece .
tr	NNS	But , yeah , my mother 's ancestors came from Ireland .
tr	NN	Your reputation as a playboy is legend . "
tr	NN	The poet had asked them not to , and they respected him .
tr	NNS	The contents are quite durable , but I should not like to see it lost . "
tr	NN	Suddenly the referee blew the whistle and threw his flag toward he line .
tr	NN	Every fighting instinct I 'd learned had abandoned me the first time I actually needed it , lost in a wave of panic and shock .
tr	NN	The wet soil building up over time ; the vegetation slowly losing its tenacity in the soft earth .
tr	NNS	My grandparents died before I was born . "
tr	NNS	My stomach 's contents doggedly refusing to remove themselves .
tr	NNS	Not carnage , not blood , not the miserable scraps left of my life .
tr	NN	" Well , in our world , medicine has advanced and the lifespan is close to two hundred .
tr	NNS	The servants finished putting out her dinner then lined up by the wall .
tr	NNS	Thoughts and questions were racing through my head but I knew I had to answer Maria with some direction .
tr	NNS	He pulls back just enough to look into my eyes , his eyelids lowered .
tr	NNS	There are three levels of Kinetics .
tr	NNS	The only facts she had were what she had observed in his company .
tr	NNS	Soldiers and wild beast marched beside it .
tr	NNS	The soft cushions of his sofa hugged his back and he spread his arms out to take up as much room as possible , accentuating his freedom .
tr	NNS	My Chess was there .
tr	NN	the first thug said .
tr	NN	' Maybe she 's the pyromaniac , ' Prophet said .
tr	NNS	In his younger years his classmates had made it an ongoing joke about this particular aspect of his character , but now it served him well .
tr	NNS	Folks were reluctant to sit too close to them but soon the church filled and some folks had to sit nearby .
tr	NN	" The bitch deserves having her heart ripped out ... if she has a heart . "
tr	NNS	My two companions obviously felt the same way from the pained expressions on their face .
tr	NN	There was possibly no limit to how often the view could amaze you .
tr	NNS	A police sirens followed right behind them and an officer came over to the scene .
tr	NN	A mountain of a man , flanked by two smaller figures , entered from a street to the north .
tr	NNS	Things happened very fast after that .
tr	NNS	My clerks and associates soon found their hands full of extra work as I neglected them .
tr	NN	The chef chatted with him , and continued to ignore her .
tr	NNS	There were three boiled eggs in my diet .
tr	NN	A roar of laughter interrupted their embrace from outside the door .
tr	NN	After getting a tip like that , the valet was sure to remember us .
tr	NN	His husky , lowered voice stilled her heartbeat .
tr	NN	Smoke and steam rose from a small electric skillet behind her desk while the microwave hummed .
tr	NNS	Lucy Ann 's organizational and promotional skills had the foundation running like clockwork , doubling in size .
tr	NN	Suddenly a torrent of words sprang from him .
tr	NN	The soft command allowed her to drain the glass , keep the juice in her stomach .
tr	NN	The lane was narrow with a ditch on both sides , and barely any space for oncoming traffic .
tr	NN	The special thing Ship and I have between us - that made my eyes look old .
tr	NNS	The cramps in his stomach had spread to the rest of his body , as if his internal organs and muscles were starting to eat each other .
tr	NNS	The slivers ripped from him faster and faster , until he cried out in pain .
tr	NNS	Parts that ached for him .
tr	NN	Like his sister Julie , a true charm of the spoken word , his priestly occupation does prevent his originality from proper recognition .
tr	NNS	Police and autopsy reports say he hit the victim twice with his fists and cracked his skull . "
tr	NN	Her accidental be careful warning loomed between them like a big pink elephant on the plush navy carpet .
tr	NNS	The gilded frames held paintings depicting two faces Selena had been longing to lay eyes on her entire life .
tr	NN	At that time , every little novelty had come charged with excitement , wonder , and , in some cases , a little fear .
tr	NNS	Angelus is a sadistic pig .
tr	NNS	" I think we could be alright to drink this stuff , " said McBride getting on to his knees , and scooping up handfuls of water .
tr	NN	The nearby chocolate factory was always a hit with visitors .
tr	NNS	The tentacles swung away from the wall , lifting him high in the air , into the middle of the cylinder .
tr	NNS	Lots of people get married way past thirty . "
tr	NN	Sure enough , the electricity burst down the copper wiring , the heat from it leaving a wake of fire behind it .
tr	NN	There 's the balance of the mind , body , and spirit . "
tr	NN	There was roar of laughter and Terry waited for it to subside .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of him and Simone entwined in bliss .
tr	NNS	There were rows of lace flowers around the long flowing skirt and cascades of pearls hanging from them near the hem .
tr	NN	The hunger to kiss those lips spreads from my brain to my fingers , and straight to my groin .
tr	NN	And that weakness has cost me everything with Beast .
tr	NN	The dragon shot up toward the ceiling , then vanished .
tr	NN	Of course , all cancer was bad - it killed people every single day .
tr	NN	Final y , he stopped outside the door marked Research Office where he and Elena had once met Matt .
tr	NN	Robert 's bark of laughter was devoid of humor .
tr	NN	The vat of condoms had slid to the back wall .
tr	NNS	Looks like she does now .
tr	NNS	Sadness waved through me .
tr	NNS	Of course helicopter tours were safe -- otherwise they wouldn 't be allowed , and people wouldn 't pay good money for them .
tr	NN	" Your brutish lack of charm may be sufficient for some women , but I assure you , I am not amused . "
tr	NN	Her illness also made her relatively fearless and a lot more daring than she should have been .
tr	NN	Her posture is a brick wall .
tr	NN	There is no entry or exit . "
tr	NN	The doll was startling , whether one liked it or not .
tr	NN	My teacher stared at the ground .
tr	NNS	Images of cities , ruined and broken , half swallowed by seas or covered in green forests .
tr	NN	The stylist had done wonders with her hair and suggested she color it .
tr	NN	The gas swirled around her , but did not burn her .
tr	NNS	The vamps along the bar , a mix of men and women , began jostling for position to get at one of the seven drinks .
tr	NN	FIFTY " Your instinct is right .
tr	NN	There was the click of keys on a keypad being depressed , and the sound of a telephone receiver being lifted .
tr	NN	The young customs agent handed her the documents and said , " Welcome back to the United States , Dr. Fitch . "
tr	NN	Deb 's arrival was a welcome distraction until she continued , " Have you seen the new guy , Rigel ? "
tr	NN	A flashlight proved to be invaluable .
tr	NNS	Delores dropped her purse on the floor next to the chair .
tr	NN	A roar ripped from his throat with the effort .
tr	NN	The maid met my gaze not one whit less proudly than did her mistress .
tr	NNS	My fingernails burrow farther into my skin and split sections open .
tr	NNS	Though the teenager no longer sported purple in her hair , her favorite colors hadn 't changed .
tr	NN	The unit began to fire down at humans as they ran ammunition to soldiers along the fortification .
tr	NNS	Plans to bring down Evil barely registered on his priorities list , or would do once he 'd written one out .
tr	NN	At the end , there is a hatch .
tr	NN	Her television was laying on the floor in pieces , her closet was ransacked , with some clothes missing and others tossed about the room .
tr	NNS	" The ladies do enjoy a picnic .
tr	NNS	But again , the authorities called it death by natural causes .
tr	NN	The dollar drops to 190 against the Euro and the cable rate falls to $ 3.50 Sterling .
tr	NN	" Now we need to look for the statue of a knight , the map says that the entry of the tunnel is besides it . "
tr	NN	The pyre of the previous evening had served as a crematorium for one of the elder men who had died a few days before .
tr	NNS	Several Georgian sources have informed us that U.S. and Russian military are actively searching for him .
tr	NNS	There were too many murmurs , and far too many questions that he simply asked them for complete silence .
tr	NN	A swish of fabric drew her attention to the tiny Quechua lady at her side , holding a tray of empanadas .
tr	NNS	But legends didn 't kiss women the way Wulf had kissed her , nor did they find their way into her dreams .
tr	NNS	Marius stared at the dead fish in the murky margin of ice in the bottom of the tank .
tr	NNS	" ... for theft of jewels belonging to His Royal Majesty , the King . "
tr	NNS	Dogs , I thought , had it right when they hung their heads out of car windows .
tr	NNS	Shabby wooden stalls securely housed mountains of fruits and vegetables , leaning as if they would collapse .
tr	NN	" He can 't find him , " the captain reiterated .
tr	NN	" Shut that damned thing off before the Germans see us , " the lieutenant said harshly .
tr	NN	But as an escape , a tour of the room would do .
tr	NN	A rumbling of laughter caught my attention from the tree line .
tr	NN	The principal might like Errol 's and Almira 's project , but the mayor might not notice their projects at all .
tr	NN	The big , elongated script she knew well greeted her like an old friend .
tr	NNS	Otherwise how could two different humanoid races have viable offspring ?
tr	NNS	On the right side , restaurants served the tourists .
tr	NNS	The experiences provided an understanding of that expression which contrasted greatly with my previous interpretations .
tr	NNS	Few minutes later the teachers from that school came and explained the rules and regulations of that school .
tr	NN	There was a tear drop chandelier in the center of the room , and gas lights in each corner .
tr	NNS	The seats themselves were damp and a bit moldy , whereas Dex 's leg was firm and warm .
tr	NNS	The fans who had gathered in the bar to cheer on the Hawks were grumbling about Ryan loading the bases within five minutes of hitting the mound .
tr	NN	His uncle embraced him in a lengthy hug .
tr	NN	" My lord , " he said with a querulous voice , " the monk is ready . "
tr	NNS	The facilities reflected the hotel 's five star rating and he knew he would be comfortable here encircled by the privacy and luxury he craved .
tr	NN	The tip of the blade scratched the brute 's flank as the beast blurred past her .
tr	NNS	The tens of thousands of screaming fans currently filling this very amphitheater attested to that .
tr	NNS	Like traditional energy reserves other natural resources occur worldwide in finite quantities .
tr	NNS	The detectives were probably confirming that they 'd be at the meeting .
tr	NN	The innocence on Dude 's face is glaring .
tr	NNS	My grandparents aren 't perfect , but they 're the only family I have these days .
tr	NN	" The damage was pretty severe .
tr	NNS	The twins had disappeared .
tr	NN	And in its place was a confidence the likes of which she 'd never experienced before .
tr	NNS	As I sat by my mother 's bedside , holding her hand , a traitorous thought crept into my mind .
tr	NN	" But then , charm isn 't a necessary component when doing business .
tr	NNS	Rats and other small animals eat the plants , and the fungus develops inside them .
tr	NNS	Two strong clawed digits gripped her ankle but she kicked them upward against the roof of the tunnel .
tr	NNS	A hypothesis that seemed to fit is that all space is full of tiny pieces of miniscule matter , far too small to measure with current instruments .
tr	NN	There 's still that slight slur that says it hasn 't even worn off yet .
tr	NNS	Thoughts , like rays of sunlight , can unleash blazes if focused .
tr	NN	The ship 's captain demanded , entering the large CIC in search of answers .
tr	NN	Good old Kiwi beer , " his mate said .
tr	NN	The revenge seeking mammals began to circle around their frightened prey , creating an indoor whirlpool of horror for our criminal mistress .
tr	NNS	Her instincts whispered scam .
tr	NN	" This won 't work , " said the bear gloomily .
tr	NNS	As his father used to say , actions speak louder than words .
tr	NNS	Cadmus was lying on his back in the middle of the circle , completely still and quiet .
tr	NN	The parlor would definitely solve their issues on money .
tr	NN	The aura that was missing in Sandra 's song returned in her voice .
tr	NNS	Maris kept the truck at an even pace .
tr	NN	" Actually , there 's another requirement .
tr	NNS	There are so many changes I can hardly keep track .
tr	NNS	The seals , having not the slightest clue of what had just happened , floundered about and began swimming gradually up the coast away from the beach .
tr	NN	Perhaps the most alarming discovery was that of a strange stone pathway by which many goblins were entering and leaving the camp .
tr	NN	That he 'd made her come with his vibration alone had kept him on the hunt , made him hunger for her knowing that there was more .
tr	NNS	Gwen 's footsteps creaked above him and then settled onto the bike .
tr	NN	Her back ached and her stomach was swollen .
tr	NNS	" Your expressions do . "
tr	NN	The soil was cool and welcoming on her hot skin .
tr	NNS	The sunglasses seemed to have no effect .
tr	NNS	Her instincts told her she was on the verge of a breaking news story .
tr	NNS	His thumbs drifted along the impossibly long length of her lashes , brushing away the tears that clung there .
tr	NNS	Nerves in her thighs jumped and she opened her legs further , squirming against the thick erection .
tr	NN	Dove doesn 't take her ears from the surf .
tr	NN	The adrenaline rushing through my body made me tremble with rage .
tr	NN	" Sire , I 'm sorry , but we can 't get authorization , " Adriane 's pilot said .
tr	NN	" Ok , then please be careful .
tr	NNS	The emptiness around her seemed to swell .
tr	NNS	There were no signs of animal life or large trees , although there were plenty of low plants , green and brown and rust colored .
tr	NNS	All the cameras took pictures of the bite mark .
tr	NN	And Jonathan 's quiet feasting on his sandwiches was somehow reassuring .
tr	NN	In the middle of the room a richly dressed chair sat empty of its occupant .
tr	NNS	Things were different since our shower encounter .
tr	NNS	Gramps had a way of dwelling on the negative .
tr	NNS	And some sources are slow to respond . "
tr	NNS	Waves were running six feet .
tr	NNS	Those spikes through their eyes , for instance , should kill them .
tr	NNS	Lights danced before his eyes .
tr	NNS	Freezing temperatures were a deterrent to tattoos , but clearly not to liquor , flirting , and dancing .
tr	NNS	Soldiers always did what they were told .
tr	NN	Of course , the shooter must have been aiming for my heart .
tr	NN	" Speak to Benedict ; he ' l make sure you 're escorted back out to the carriage , Mrs. Gray . "
tr	NN	Storm waited patiently for her answer , his eyes full of quiet understanding she really wished she could trust .
tr	NN	The Keep is now empty , save for a few dogs .
tr	NN	Only then did the boom come .
tr	NNS	As we walked to the front door , I said , " You know , the drugs could be an alibi for the murder .
tr	NN	The wraith pressed her face to the glass as she clutched the small bundle to her breast .
tr	NNS	The southwest winds blew and the rains fell .
tr	NNS	Suspicious , but far from conclusive .
tr	NN	The shield deploys in time to absorb them , but the force still knocks her against the wall , stunning her .
tr	NN	The guilt in my stomach quickly rose , remembering the twin 's death at the laboratory .
tr	NN	" Ok , well we better get moving , wan na grab a bite before we get to the airport ? "
tr	NN	And this trailer sits at the far end of the Court .
tr	NNS	Someone 's footsteps raced towards her .
tr	NN	A little twinkle lit up her pixie green eyes .
tr	NNS	His pupils dilated as he took a step back .
tr	NN	" The cancer has progressed too far .
tr	NN	There were some faint beeps inside , and Palomino swung the door open .
tr	NNS	Their movements , as well , were now more up-to-date with the new number , but still using the swords .
tr	NNS	The bright trails of light burned out behind the main shape of the shuttle .
tr	NNS	The wolves helped me to follow you all the way to Lantern Hill ; I almost met you there .
tr	NN	" Same boring forms as always .
tr	NN	" More boring reports to read for your summer job ? "
tr	NNS	There were various fishermen 's huts and several small boats that had been pulled up onto the beach .
tr	NN	My uncle was also one of my father 's playmates when they were young but my father seemed to dislike the marriage .
tr	NNS	Early settlers had built it to christen and bless the land .
tr	NN	Our passion increased as he pulled my lip into his mouth and slid his tongue in mine .
tr	NNS	The sly creatures had let them pass through , and now their path into town was unobstructed .
tr	NN	" Any not in favor of the terms set down for the Fair Folk , please speak now . "
tr	NNS	All my fears dissipated and vanished .
tr	NNS	Others just sit and tremble , traumatized into almost vegetative states .
tr	NN	The cafeteria was huge with circular tables that had about six to eight chairs at each one .
tr	NNS	My actions were all automated .
tr	NN	Her chase of Dani the other night had set off a new wave of gossip and innuendo .
tr	NN	It looked out of place , " the investigator told the detective .
tr	NNS	In the end , heart and respiration centers in the brain would stop functioning altogether .
tr	NNS	Girls tossed their long hair , boys swung their leather-clad hips , and bare skin glittered with sweat .
tr	NN	There 's no backup here , other than Hit and Dina , no matter what happens .
tr	NN	Another bullet thumped into the stern , narrowly missing the plastic housing of the outboard .
tr	NN	Soon sanity prevailed , and he began to organize his thoughts around the job at hand .
tr	NNS	Knell smirks then says .
tr	NN	" My father-in-law grabbed the paper and read it , and in that moment I knew there was nothing he could do .
tr	NNS	Sirens echoed out in the distance .
tr	NN	But the vote had not been unanimous .
tr	NN	An Italian opera played softly in the background .
tr	NNS	" Things appear normal .
tr	NN	My grandma seemed surprised to learn he had such a large family .
tr	NN	" The mouse moved into the shadows and retrieved something , brought it back to me cupped in both paws .
tr	NN	Part of the reason he was so successful was because he was ruthless and incredibly controlling .
tr	NN	In its finalized form , this theory maintains that there are four sources from which Islamic law can be drawn .
tr	NN	The dragon gracefully swooped toward the village , blasting a stream of white fire over the torches .
tr	NN	Fiona 's annoyance rang clear .
tr	NNS	The passengers - they sometimes told us what was fashionable in Paris , the previous season . "
tr	NNS	Images went through my head as I moved through the night , over and over .
tr	NNS	There were two wolves in wait outside of the den .
tr	NNS	In fact , his ruthlessness likely originated from his never instigating the pursuit .
tr	NNS	Upstairs , at the door of his apartment , he paused to get his breath . "
tr	NN	The backdrop transmitting from Mars was a workbench beneath a whiteboard .
tr	NNS	Not your riding career , not your chances at turning Sabbath into a champion .
tr	NNS	Supernatural creatures cannot lightly step across the threshold of a home unless one of the rightful residents invites them in .
tr	NNS	Sadness filled Sonya 's features .
tr	NNS	Stacked car frames blocked most of her view , but she could see the corner of its roof .
tr	NN	" What a brave man . "
tr	NN	The jaguar species , both man and beast , was losing the battle for existence just as the Carpathian species was .
tr	NN	Stinky steam poured out of the hood .
tr	NNS	Words are not necessary where there is trust and understanding .
tr	NNS	Quinn 's nostrils flared .
tr	NN	A coven of witches , slaughtered .
tr	NNS	Anyway , surely spies look more sinister ?
tr	NN	No baby powder or Johnson 's shampoo .
tr	NN	And when his lips came down hard on hers , all the pent-up passion they 'd held in check since their first meeting rose to the surface .
tr	NNS	That ghosts are real ? "
tr	NNS	And on one of those hills was the city .
tr	NNS	Different angel sculptures sat atop each to guard them .
tr	NNS	What if there are side effects ? "
tr	NNS	Her pupils dilated and her color heightened further .
tr	NNS	Cassius stared carefully at his sister .
tr	NNS	The invaders were killing everyone .
tr	NNS	The countess held her hand over the railing .
tr	NN	If anything goes wrong with it , there is a short-term spare I can use .
tr	NNS	Our tongues stroked and mingled together .
tr	NN	" The government here set me up in a beach house on the Sunshine Coast of Queensland . "
tr	NN	Eva 's long black mane was practically standing on end .
tr	NN	Her blush quickly faded as she straightened and regained her professional composure .
tr	NN	A sob burst out from the pit of her chest .
tr	NN	A feeble spark fell off the end and on to the cobbles .
tr	NN	Her degree was in business , too , but focused on entrepreneurship .
tr	NNS	More wolves were closing in ... Just as they 'd closed in when he 'd been four .
tr	NNS	Reyes turned slightly toward her , meeting her gaze .
tr	NN	When the tree was in place , the hood and trunk were already accumulating dead pine needles , lots of them .
tr	NNS	" My disappearances are the perfect foil .
tr	NN	But miracle of miracles , now that they all had a pint or other libation of choice in hand , they appeared to be behaving .
tr	NN	" The ritual you have undergone here tonight has proven indisputably that you possess that lineage .
tr	NNS	What are the chances ? "
tr	NNS	Some batteries have enough power to change us . "
tr	NN	This contraption bore little or no resemblance to any such device she 'd seen , even the wood-fired ones she 'd seen in ships .
tr	NNS	The drums stopped without warning , and the silence was a painful scraping over her senses , over her skin .
tr	NN	The serenity I 'd felt during our brief night run fades away .
tr	NN	" Impossible , " seemed to be Myo 's only explanation .
tr	NNS	The chances of avoiding a war were looking slim .
tr	NN	The settlement was fair , no easy feat given his family 's fortune and her thriving interior decorating career .
tr	NN	Amazingly , this bullet did not kill him .
tr	NN	The precedent for that came from a past president who 'd made an unannounced trip with his wife to see a Broadway production .
tr	NN	The Shade and all of its people are his to save and rule , not yours . "
tr	NNS	The headaches won 't stop .
tr	NNS	His ideas and observations form the core of his novels .
tr	NNS	No signs of foul play , forced entry , struggle -- nothing . "
tr	NN	Tony 's grimace and grunt had the air of a bathroom quality to it in more respects that just one , also .
tr	NN	The lack of imagination that still remained in that face was remarkable .
tr	NN	The old knight had been right , that single fear sent Camden surging forward .
tr	NN	However , one perception about Len was always right .
tr	NN	A tap on her shoulder whirled her about , and she gasped into the face of a very tan , very square man .
tr	NN	" My theory is that the world is threatened by dark , magical , mythical , evil forces . "
tr	NN	Death of millions is a statistic . '
tr	NNS	Black Gucci sunglasses sat on top of her head .
tr	NNS	Parts are parts and we were all pretty much restricted to using the same basic equipment with so many suppliers closing shop .
tr	NN	the bar tender yelled , but he stopped suddenly when he saw the blue specter standing where the girl had been .
tr	NNS	The night goggles intensified ambient light and overlaid this on the preexisting imagery , rimming it in ghostly green .
tr	NNS	Such unsavory characters were a necessary evil in the study of nature 's criminal side .
tr	NN	The leader of the three tilted his head .
tr	NNS	Two more shots strike the apartment next door to this one .
tr	NN	The crowd 's murmuring elevated , surging in waves with the bidding .
tr	NNS	The four spires of the mausoleum were wide at the base , narrowing to their point , and carved in spirals .
tr	NNS	These fans were amazing .
tr	NNS	Eight figures moved slowly along the verge , grabbing ripe stalks , rubbing the chaff from them for a coarse , uncooked breakfast .
tr	NN	Work that can reshape everything we have ever known about magic .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids became heavy , so she closed them .
tr	NN	In the distance , a siren sounded .
tr	NN	The aura of power that shimmered around Isabella Valdez had sent up a lot of red flags .
tr	NN	As hard as it was to process what he 'd just heard , his father 's heartbreak came through clearly , convincing him .
tr	NN	The young duke adopted his badge , " the Sun in Glory " , as evidence that his victory was the judgement of God .
tr	NNS	" Names have power . "
tr	NN	The two footmen by the entrance also retreated , closing the door behind them .
tr	NNS	The fierceness inside Elena welcomed it , glad to feel it so near .
tr	NN	And the reward on Lola is huge .
tr	NNS	I 'm too far gone with fatigue to read the tiny font , too many letters crammed on one page .
tr	NNS	Yet images press their way into my head , like shrapnel .
tr	NN	See , the rope is lying just over there .
tr	NN	Love strolled over to the door that led to Mr Sullivan 's office knocked once and took a step inside .
tr	NN	But the trailer looked so good . "
tr	NNS	Going into a fight involving spears , swords , and other old school sharp objects basically naked is not for the faint of heart .
tr	NN	For the Enemy increases and we decrease .
tr	NN	The bastard had managed to back him into a corner .
tr	NNS	There were motors , built mostly for racing applications that were designed to use carburetors and simple distributors .
tr	NN	My pulse was a steady thrum as I stared at myself in the bathroom mirror .
tr	NN	A few hours later the annual art festival was coming to a close .
tr	NN	A high-pitched giggle erupted from the strange woman .
tr	NNS	The handlers fasten me down and leave , Asa not even turning back to look at me .
tr	NNS	Things were not well , not at all .
tr	NN	Her only defense was to block it with her arm .
tr	NN	The next morning Tessa packed her bag for the weekend .
tr	NN	Ferry thrust her aside , slipped a small metal wafer into a slot in the panel .
tr	NN	Each new student will come up front and sing a solo .
tr	NN	" My newest sister . "
tr	NNS	Scattered shouts of " Hear , hear " rang out as men , women , and children raised their glasses .
tr	NN	The my lord was , of course , a giveaway .
tr	NNS	" The letters , " Jonah said .
tr	NNS	Things didn 't look so bright .
tr	NN	The dragon , you know , hunkered in the village devouring maidens , heard the townsfolk cry ' Monster ! '
tr	NNS	There were three open doorways in the hall , no light emanating from any .
tr	NNS	Not when using the flares had been his only chance to get back to Dianna .
tr	NN	The French accent cut through her nerves like a chain saw .
tr	NN	The earlier dizziness increased .
tr	NNS	The potential clients at the seminar thought he was Damien Vane .
tr	NN	For the barest instant , the sergeant thought he knew what sentiment had darkened the old man 's expression , but then dismissed the notion at once .
tr	NNS	Rio 's nostrils flared .
tr	NN	But a fake prophecy makes lots of sense .
tr	NNS	But the changes went further than that .
tr	NNS	" No ... let me borrow your car , mines is getting fixed .
tr	NN	The egotistical bastard had no intention of helping them .
tr	NN	Your grandma doesn 't know anything valuable about you , and she barely knows you .
tr	NNS	Things kept slipping and I needed to retrace my steps .
tr	NNS	His nostrils twitched , the scent of blood strong and sweet and of Angelica filling them .
tr	NNS	Shouts of alarm and the clanging of bells began to echo through the streets of the fortified town .
tr	NNS	My boobs were fine , if a little on the small side .
tr	NN	" There 's a tablet in the storage compartment you need to study .
tr	NN	There was a water tank .
tr	NNS	Others had seen it .
tr	NNS	Gramps sits on the bed and starts to put on the pants .
tr	NN	The hermit stared back into the mad , persecuted eyes , and with an air of sincerest sorrow , muttered : " It 's cancer . "
tr	NNS	My fingernails bit into his shoulder .
tr	NN	Also the lack of a village fence or outpost or security of some sort meant they didn 't get bothered by trouble either .
tr	NN	When Apollo nodded , optimism took hold .
tr	NN	The deep roar of the bear boomed up and down the mountain and vibrated the moonlit sky .
tr	NNS	Soft sobs came from Nora .
tr	NNS	Muscled bits of his jaw rolled into bunches .
tr	NN	There was a carving of a petal of tulip on the dagger , and the room was filled with the scent of violet .
tr	NNS	Car horns beeped and hands dragged him away from the traffic maelstrom .
tr	NNS	Bugs continued to shout and spit while pointing toward the woman in question .
tr	NN	The pilot tried to keep the plane true , but it was useless .
tr	NN	Part of me was so proud .
tr	NN	So , the government killed my father , mother and brother .
tr	NNS	The descriptions of me were fairly accurate , but the reward offered for my capture was insultingly small .
tr	NN	The boredom didn 't help .
tr	NNS	Production schedules require us to begin this process as soon as possible .
tr	NN	The leader is cute and red head just like you like them . "
tr	NNS	His breeches twisted around his knees .
tr	NN	" Trial and error , as I recall .
tr	NN	When she had awakened to the sound of the heated argument , her first instinct had been to get dressed and slip out the back door .
tr	NN	' How 's that Cat ? '
tr	NN	A rustling sounded from the bushes .
tr	NN	Her brief infatuation with Tiger had disappeared in a matter of three months .
tr	NN	Did the van hit her ?
tr	NNS	After searching the house , the only suitable containers I could find were china egg cups .
tr	NN	Her blonde wig was on the ground beside her , crumpled in a heap .
tr	NNS	In September 1799 U.S.S. Insurgent vanished , a 36 gun French built warship with 340 crew .
tr	NNS	Moses watched the man strike back , get to his knees , and kick Lee ( still on the ground ) hard in the stomach .
tr	NN	A spark of pain drained down my arm , driven by pure instinct .
tr	NN	" The doll market has boomed , so there are shops dotted across the city .
tr	NNS	Romulus glared at the charcoal that had bled all over his chart of the forest , blotting out even the empty swirls of the Great Fairy Ring .
tr	NNS	Waves slapped against the old sailboat that bobbed alongside the dock .
tr	NN	" So , apparently your reputation is that you work hard and party harder . "
tr	NN	But the majority of federal prisoners are nonviolent , and many are convicted of crimes that involved little , if any , criminal activity .
tr	NN	Each strike of his boots on the deck was distinct , final .
tr	NN	" Leave now , " the sheriff insisted .
tr	NNS	There were hugs all around .
tr	NN	Everywhere there seemed an excitement in the air , an electricity generated by all the bustle of the people and crackle of their shouts and laughter .
tr	NN	How close was the Nephilim race to overpowering fall en angels ?
tr	NNS	At the peak of the oil glut the trains rolled through up to ten times a day .
tr	NNS	Tattered filthy rags hung off his grimy skin , and his hair was a single matted tangle , thick with dirt .
tr	NNS	Only , the stakes were so much higher now than a dunking or scraped knee .
tr	NN	The aircraft 's radio equipment appears to be working , but I don 't feel I can depend on appearances in the current circumstances .
tr	NNS	A popcorn cart lay overturned in the weeds a few yards away , the glass smashed , the innards picked clean by scavengers .
tr	NNS	There were other potential employers in San Francisco .
tr	NN	The constable 's scowl grew deeper as he examined the document .
tr	NN	She liked Monique , liked her easy manner , her simple way of looking at things .
tr	NNS	Things have been pretty quiet for quite some time .
tr	NNS	These meetings ranged from routine interviews to special requests .
tr	NNS	Muscles bulging without conscious thought beneath the clothes he wore .
tr	NNS	Carol 's fingernails dug into the fabric on the sides of the overstuffed chair and her pulse went crazy .
tr	NN	At the far end of the room was an enormous viewing terminal that dominated the entire wall .
tr	NNS	The images awoke something within her .
tr	NN	A new race of men appeared in that day .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of Austen rushed in and she instinctively pulled back .
tr	NNS	Gregori 's abilities intrigued her , but he was far too powerful .
tr	NN	The Seattle ferry had just pulled into the Bremerton dock and seagulls circled overhead .
tr	NNS	Things seem to swirl around me , like things going down a bathtub drain .
tr	NNS	The cats took one sniff and tried to bury the food .
tr	NNS	A split second later , four rockets exploded behind them , narrowly missing their rocket launchers .
tr	NNS	There are only two female members of the GP , Jonah .
tr	NN	There wasn 't any other option .
tr	NN	A declaration of war against fine cuisine everywhere . "
tr	NN	And your writing is the perfect companion .
tr	NNS	My eyelids grew heavy and I almost drifted off to sleep .
tr	NN	The ambassador is correct , a thank-you won 't bother me . "
tr	NNS	The signs of midnight were here , where they shouldn 't be , creeping closer toward the bright lights of downtown .
tr	NN	" My master , your lord , will receive your humble duty which you have so long withheld . "
tr	NNS	" Your checks and credit cards are no good here . "
tr	NN	Like the taunt of a hot summer 's day , the teasing flutter of a summery breeze in mid-winter .
tr	NNS	Their drinks are nearly the same , and I 'm already trained on all the equipment they use .
tr	NN	When she walked into her garden a loose vine had wrapped its way around her ankles .
tr	NN	Given the power he wielded , his posture and movements were strong and purposeful .
tr	NN	Gypsy looked at his wristwatch , if it was a watch , which hung half through his wrist , if it was a wrist .
tr	NNS	Things just didn 't work right when he was having one of his spells .
tr	NN	Her small sob brought him up short .
tr	NN	Shaking my head in disbelief , my subconscious mocks my thoughts .
tr	NNS	The ladies complimented her profusely on her and her dogs ' talents .
tr	NN	This arrangement was fine with us .
tr	NN	There was an universal stir and commotion among the inhabitants .
tr	NNS	The images were almost the same , but showed what had really transpired .
tr	NNS	Shame her royal cousins could not say the same thing .
tr	NNS	Delores hugs her mother .
tr	NNS	The floors were polished pine , covered with carpet squares in a woven grass pattern .
tr	NN	The tribe considered all animals food for their precious tigers .
tr	NN	Then a bark of laughter closer at hand .
tr	NNS	He was clad in a black leather jacket , his forearms splayed casually on the bar , a tall draft beer sitting between them .
tr	NNS	From the look on Michael 's face , his empathic abilities were picking up some very disturbing feelings from the sheriff .
tr	NNS	The effects would be far-reaching . "
tr	NNS	Could living creatures on their own devise this deft arrangement of the lands and skies ?
tr	NN	A garbage can stood next to me .
tr	NNS	Since she hadn 't seen the license plate or the driver , the chances of the police finding the car were practically zero .
tr	NN	That clown had killed her and it was the scream I heard the first time .
tr	NN	The throbbing to stop .
tr	NN	Bloody , freaking bastard .
tr	NN	Her method of thinking was like that of a machine , processing information at incredible speed .
tr	NNS	There were various switches and I pressed the first one .
tr	NNS	To Kate , aisles of plush green carpet were nothing more than possible routes through the tricky maze .
tr	NNS	" Just two immediate relatives have left the Compound then . "
tr	NNS	Small bits of shrapnel burned her skin as she flicked them away .
tr	NNS	The floors of each level were slick linoleum except for the sitting areas with the tables .
tr	NNS	Others were filing in .
tr	NNS	Even though the war was being fought far away from Earth and its colonies , millions of people were paying a Defense Tax .
tr	NNS	The wolves turned and ran , gathering tighter as they went .
tr	NNS	Hot coils wound inside her , heat spreading throughout her body until she was flushed and damp .
tr	NNS	Their stomachs touched again , and so did their bare legs and arms .
tr	NN	The angel on my shoulder reappears .
tr	NN	There were always a multitude of options when it came to recommended treatment .
tr	NNS	Cassius crouched down , listening to whether it was friend or foe .
tr	NNS	" Sir , all the upper levels are clear .
tr	NNS	And a few recorded cases had ended in actual bloodshed .
tr	NN	Then hunger roused him .
tr	NN	How was your tour , James ? "
tr	NNS	" But the handlers were looking for any excuse to flag us .
tr	NN	Mortimer 's snort echoed through the foyer .
tr	NNS	The wolves had to accept you .
tr	NNS	His movements were sure and efficient as he struggled against the gales , no fear evident in the expertise of his actions .
tr	NNS	The values and ethics of this new form of life may be utterly different . "
tr	NN	The television was on but having the sound muted was my preferred watching mode .
tr	NN	" There are no mentions of flies when Reason speaks .
tr	NNS	Officials are scrambling for details on who may have been responsible for the attack , as no terrorist groups have claimed responsibility .
tr	NN	A meteorite , he thought .
tr	NNS	The mattress was so soft that she sank down a few inches , and it was wide enough for three people to sleep without noticing each other .
tr	NNS	Their hats scattered , twisting and tumbling .
tr	NNS	The mermaids all watched , looking highly entertained .
tr	NNS	Sporting a black eye more than once , the makeup artists had done magic to cover the bruises for Ji Hu .
tr	NNS	The thumps of Cheng 's footsteps echo up the stairwell as he rushes down to the lot .
tr	NN	The garage , never a thing of beauty , didn 't look its best empty .
tr	NN	" WOW THAT 'S REALLY ANNOYING , " repeated the mob .
tr	NN	A quiet sob escaped Liz .
tr	NNS	" My two favorite ladies are inside the Mist . "
tr	NNS	Shadowhunters burned their dead , and ever since the demon attack , the sky to the west of the city had been stained with smoke .
tr	NN	Slowly the thick cream distorted so more of the full piece revealed itself .
tr	NNS	Rapidly approaching , two dark figures seem to glide up the multitude of stone steps , disappearing and reappearing between buildings .
tr	NNS	" Your species remains ungrateful after all these years .
tr	NNS	The wolves should never have been able to sneak inside and attack .
tr	NNS	The bars were about ten feet tall , lodged deeply into both the rocky floor and ceiling .
tr	NNS	" My priorities in order ? "
tr	NNS	Tad 's nostrils flare as he says it .
tr	NNS	Skulls then rose to his feet and looked behind him , at a broken down , red convertible with a large green tarp , draped over it .
tr	NN	But before it came , a sickening thud reverberated through the room .
tr	NN	The unread email burned in my mind and I knew that I wouldn 't be able to stop myself from reading it when I went to bed .
tr	NNS	Will blades still hurt this thing ? "
tr	NNS	The chains speak your irritation every single time .
tr	NN	A flying carpet whizzed by us , there were two women and a man sitting on it , the women were scantily clad in translucent dresses .
tr	NNS	Things that have already come to be .
tr	NNS	Slowly , the colors of the room stopped flashing before my eyes , and I could see again .
tr	NNS	The woman watched him go , then leaned back against the cage bars , she dreamed of the morsel of food .
tr	NNS	Others travel behind the carriage .
tr	NN	For the first two weeks their unit had two more experienced soldiers working with them .
tr	NNS	The beggars , despite being too disreputable even to belong to the Beggars ' Guild , lived quite well by their own low standards .
tr	NNS	Besides , these meetings are as good a place as any to get caught up on what 's going on around here . "
tr	NN	Then from the entrance came ten firefighters dressed in their full firefighting equipment , axes in hand .
tr	NNS	His instincts had been spot-on .
tr	NN	The soup had splashed all over , catching even his top , but really getting his jeans good .
tr	NNS	Centuries ago , our ancestors formed a bond with the trees .
tr	NN	All that mattered was the fact that Will had loved the toy , and Jack could bring it to him to have when he woke up .
tr	NNS	They 'd pulled in the master scientific communicator , a face Americans already knew and trusted when it came to science .
tr	NNS	The chances of finding Billy 's wife alive were less than zero .
tr	NN	The guardian watching her told me that I could help and give her some more time . "
tr	NNS	What ideas have you come up with ? "
tr	NN	The slice went back to the plate , and I scrubbed grease from my hands before pulling it out of my pocket .
tr	NNS	Two strong helpers had brought the poles , each as high as a man and as thick as a fat woman 's thigh .
tr	NN	The chef didn 't let them down .
tr	NNS	Marius stood still listening , thinking .
tr	NN	Her torso heaved from lack of air .
tr	NNS	The members of the group nodded .
tr	NNS	All three zombies lunged at Joe again , but one of them was a bit ahead of the other two .
tr	NNS	The man 's attributes contained cunning , very competitive , and methodical ways .
tr	NNS	" The countess was correct .
tr	NNS	Flames are licking at my skin and there 's a burst of heat clawing through my stomach .
tr	NNS	The servants fled , ignoring the curses of the musketeers .
tr	NN	Love took a drag of his cigarette .
tr	NNS	Class differences don 't exist . "
tr	NNS	" Actually , the members helped up as well . "
tr	NNS	There weren 't any ghosts to lay .
tr	NN	His tail almost didn 't catch her in time .
tr	NNS	Tris comes to her feet .
tr	NNS	My sincere apologies , miss .
tr	NNS	" Things are changing fast , but this is what we have so far .
tr	NNS	Do your grandparents have a place to stay ?
tr	NN	In the black light , his T-shirt glowed purple , but his face was dark .
tr	NN	There was a clatter , and a thump , several smaller thumps , heels drumming on the ground .
tr	NN	Perhaps their lack of empathy limits their connection .
tr	NN	The ram reared up high on his hind legs and heaved forward , charging Tarik .
tr	NN	Without warning , the dizziness hit Rafe harder .
tr	NN	If the sensation progressed beyond stickiness , a boot would get trapped , and she would die .
tr	NNS	His fingernails turned white with the pressure .
tr	NN	An ice sculpture face that is almost too beautiful to look at .
tr	NN	There was a swirl of deeper darkness , and the body on the ground was now standing beside him .
tr	NN	A blush rose to my cheeks and I looked down into the bag in my lap , trying to avoid his eyes .
tr	NNS	The members thought that it was unbelievable that Lea would get up .
tr	NN	Such a small addition and yet he now appeared as formidable as ever .
tr	NNS	But her instincts as an anchor take over .
tr	NN	His employer pulled in one direction , the rest of the machine in another , in fact each lifeform in its respective direction .
tr	NN	Its narrow tip was the same mirrored silver blue as his sword .
tr	NN	The Death of Rats jumped up and down on the pillow , making urgent slashing movements with its scythe .
tr	NNS	Altering DNA strands were no longer out of reach .
tr	NNS	As he arrived at his doorstep , butterflies were dancing in his stomach .
tr	NNS	The wolves were attacking everyone for some unknown reason .
tr	NNS	New flakes had begun to fall .
tr	NNS	" But there are more stores than this , right ? "
tr	NNS	Things had been going far too smoothly : the happy marriage , the pretty house , and the new life in Denver City .
tr	NN	I ' l take care of everything .
tr	NN	" Mack , in twenty-four hours , those psycho bastards from the Club are going to come and stake their flags in our asses .
tr	NNS	He lifted me , guided me back down , his movements controlled .
tr	NN	" Nobody said that this thing how called it , is a matter of magic or science fiction , my dear .
tr	NNS	Local legends are full of such fantasies .
tr	NNS	Not many shapeshifters survived who became an extinct animal when they turned .
tr	NN	But half-full aren 't enough fer some .
tr	NN	The missing tourist must be her .
tr	NNS	Several audience members held their ears .
tr	NNS	As well as coloring their faces , the female warriors , braided their long hair with brass , bone , and beads .
tr	NNS	There were no villains , only actors doing their part within a grand scheme as I too was playing my role .
tr	NNS	Words and sentences concerning my own existence formed in my brain .
tr	NNS	Myles gave Linda a look of exasperation , but he knew she wouldn 't necessarily agree with him .
tr	NNS	Things had changed since the first board meeting Leslie had attended .
tr	NN	Matt 's motto was , " killing zombies in style . "
tr	NN	So anyway , the Vampire in question gave birth to two Werewolves who looked absolutely nothing alike .
tr	NNS	Things will be ... great ! "
tr	NN	The pulse is too quick .
tr	NN	" Where 's that bastard who gave us all such a scare last night ? "
tr	NN	" There 's the information directory .
tr	NN	My grandmother encouraged her to have the baby and marry the father , but my dad refused and took off before I even came .
tr	NN	she offered , her sultry stare on the bulge in his pants .
tr	NN	The priest remained motionless for several heartbeats .
tr	NNS	Others are ... gone . "
tr	NNS	Our jewels take care of that part .
tr	NN	A concept his foe is undoubtedly counting on .
tr	NN	" Is the woman and your kid the reason your engagement broke off ? "
tr	NNS	" What are your objections to the relationship ? "
tr	NNS	Marked for death by a cruel twist of Fate , Souls of the innocent I must take .
tr	NN	For ten years , Tiny 's partner had been a female who was mortal like him .
tr	NNS	The shots that had been fired did not appear to have aroused anyone 's curiosity .
tr	NN	A girlish giggle sliced through the fog .
tr	NNS	" Things happen . "
tr	NN	The glass shield extended overhead , and encircled us as we rose .
tr	NNS	There were no smooth edges , no arcs or circles .
tr	NN	The paperback had been well worn , with a cracked white spine and missing corners , when Mr. Hall loaned it to me years ago .
tr	NN	His gravestone is still there , and here is a photograph of it .
tr	NN	The drawbridge never seems to open . "
tr	NNS	In India we are having a large crop of bad leaders because the people , their followers want them to be like that .
tr	NNS	But before she could scamper off the porch , footsteps pounded , and a tall woman appeared in the foyer .
tr	NNS	Things were comfortable at Steve and Cindy 's home , except when Melanie and Jace visited .
tr	NN	He was beginning to suspect friendly and calm was Samantha 's default for when she was anything but .
tr	NN	There was a dull roar in his head , a rush of pleasure that washed over him and took with it every vestige of sanity .
tr	NN	My h * ps jerked .
tr	NNS	" There are wolves at the beach ? "
tr	NN	The punk had always been jealous of him .
tr	NN	I 'm about to start crafting said email , when I notice a small rectangular card near my front door .
tr	NN	My clit rose to meet him , erect and straining for the pleasure of his tongue against it .
tr	NN	Part of the stage erupts , showering the people closest to it with splinters and nails .
tr	NN	chivalry expires when dessert is finished . "
tr	NNS	" The siblings are good , but I think she needs a pet , too . "
tr	NNS	Images from another time and place flashed .
tr	NNS	The elves returned fire with their airsoft weapons .
tr	NN	An anticipatory half-smile or frown , depending on context .
tr	NNS	She laid his body flat , heedless of the bloody leaves and sticks littering the ground , and breathed into his mouth .
tr	NN	" Good , " the mayor said with a breath of relief .
tr	NNS	Soon , fireflies would come into view , acting as mobile stars in the rice fields , and the stage would be set .
tr	NNS	" Yeah , my P.A. Things are a little hectic since she left , but when I get her back , it 'll be okay again . "
tr	NNS	Some coins lay inside along with a pile of receipts and a small brown leather book was underneath .
tr	NN	The bike was fast , and because Dianna didn 't seem to mind the speed , he kicked it up another notch .
tr	NNS	Hephaestus opens his mouth to argue but then thinks better of it .
tr	NN	Her fragrance teased his nostrils and struck a chord of raw desire .
tr	NNS	" No buts , you 're here now . "
tr	NNS	Rug rats , dying cougars , elephants . "
tr	NNS	Not that all the tracking skills in the world would do any good on this assignment .
tr	NN	The bullet passed at a downward angle above the right side of his brow , exiting out the back of his neck .
tr	NNS	For some reason , the word changes hit Angie hard .
tr	NN	A long blink shielded his eyes , and something like disappointment flitted along the lines of his face before he swallowed and opened his eyes , searching .
tr	NN	" No , son , " the leader said .
tr	NNS	My footsteps were slow , but I made my way inside a bedroom .
tr	NNS	Damn it , there were surprising depths to that man . )
tr	NNS	No longer like drying clay his organs came back to life like flowers soaking the soil 's summer rain .
tr	NNS	Shoe prints -- a waffle tread -- ran from the driver 's side to the passenger side , then disappeared .
tr	NNS	Diggs was talking , but my heart was thumping too loudly to hear him ; I had to ask him to repeat himself .
tr	NNS	Alexis jumped in and refereed their bickering for just a few moments .
tr	NN	The bard had a thick ring of hardened goo around his right shoulder .
tr	NN	What 's the appeal ? "
tr	NNS	These monthly meetings were part of his life now , and he best learn to accept them .
tr	NNS	Bright letters spelled out Bahamas , with a toucan and palm tree .
tr	NNS	Her appliances disappeared amid a flurry of true metallic music , the triumph of horns and drums that had been nearly forgotten in the distant present .
tr	NNS	There are thousands of species that have flourished for a period and then disappear .
tr	NN	Then the spider 's able to suck that liquid out of whatever - or whoever - it 's having for supper .
tr	NNS	Flames trailed behind as it sunk into the creature 's temple , setting its hair ablaze .
tr	NN	The European designed courtyard contained small Greek statues , a manmade pond , and small sections of evenly cut patches of grass .
tr	NNS	Their expressions seemed to grow a bit evasive at that question .
tr	NNS	" No changes , " he says as he looks at me and nods .
tr	NNS	There are security cameras in the hall .
tr	NNS	The snake stopped , mouth gaping open , its fangs only an inch from Liza 's neck .
tr	NN	His official lawman garb , which consisted of a red tunic with a large black L on the front , stretched tightly over his muscled body .
tr	NNS	Words failed him at that moment .
tr	NN	" An unknown intruder is within the base of the tower !
tr	NN	The leader and I have history , and he despises me , too , so be ready for anything .
tr	NNS	But the siblings had needed William , and he had been their parent 's longest and most trusted friend .
tr	NN	Love didn 't need to be in the equation .
tr	NN	Every student was going crazy over the news , and Chewy knew he had to do something fast , but still felt unsure how to proceed .
tr	NN	The raft waited for them a yard offshore .
tr	NNS	All the rats stared down at Fresh . '
tr	NN	" And a protected species within the Establishment ... , " Maries nods .
tr	NNS	At least keeping promises was something I was good at .
tr	NNS	Despite your father 's best intentions , his actions did not result in a successful outcome .
tr	NN	The model went crashing down onto the canvas , as I fell backwards onto my butt .
tr	NN	A wicker ceiling fan swirled above , lop-sided and losing the battle to cool the room from the tropical heat .
tr	NN	Jasmine 's first instinct was to toss the woman out on her doorstep , with her fist but she was a better person than that .
tr	NN	' Nervous ' was a gross understatement .
tr	NN	And my bra landed on my feet .
tr	NN	Chance and Gwen 's father had already played her enough .
tr	NN	The dungeon stank with old blood , excrement and death .
tr	NNS	But the possibilities never left her thoughts , never formed themselves into words that Charles might hear and respond to , whether a yes or no .
tr	NNS	Crew members looked to each other with mounting unease .
tr	NN	The airport where we had landed was small and obviously for wealthy clients with private jets .
tr	NN	" For the power of the God Killer will transfer to you .
tr	NNS	The colors looked good with her pale skin and red hair .
tr	NNS	The zombies were on him in an instant .
tr	NNS	All creatures gather in your mind to express sorrow and pain .
tr	NNS	Their adventurous natures chafed at skipping the most exciting attractions as they wandered Valkenburg each morning .
tr	NNS	There were many forks in their path , sometimes coming to circular rooms with walls lined with archways , all leading to more endless corridors .
tr	NN	The agent replies , " Pierre says he 's a scientist . "
tr	NNS	There were a final few shots , but the barrage ended .
tr	NN	But his appeal went far beyond his all-American good looks .
tr	NNS	His eyelids gradually closed , and surprise surprise , Junior had long , curling eyelashes .
tr	NNS	He paused , finished the last drops of brandy in his tumbler .
tr	NNS	Things weren 't all that bad , really , and Richard was working hard at building his practice .
tr	NN	Rich soil poured around her body , over it , a thin layer , but almost up to her neck .
tr	NNS	The expressions on everyone 's face showed their discomfort , their eyes looking back and forth between Tara and me .
tr	NNS	If they failed to sell their goods , the losses would be a financial blow from which they might never recover .
tr	NNS	" Kind of sad , ending his run .
tr	NNS	The taps tempted me as I washed under his watchful eye but I hadn 't been allowed to touch them .
tr	NN	And yet , the literature said people thrived living this way , even chronically sick people with cancer and diabetes and autoimmune diseases .
tr	NNS	My parachute cords cut and I drop with a lurch .
tr	NNS	Things that would regenerate cells so his legs would actually work , things like iguana DNA and cells from his bone marrow .
tr	NNS	The other dolphins drew closer , pushing me , Mike , and Jack toward one another .
tr	NNS	My fellow slugs , as I write this , it 's five A.M. and I haven 't slept all night .
tr	NNS	His large nostrils seemed to scent out the world .
tr	NNS	As I see it , the designers of a golf course lay down a gauntlet to us players .
tr	NN	From there on every lease payment was profit , sheer and simple .
tr	NN	" My sergeant and I have interviewed everyone who was at the garden party , some of them twice .
tr	NN	A postcard caught his attention .
tr	NN	The warrior held up one hand , palm out .
tr	NNS	" Your new pals know nothing of it ? "
tr	NN	His endearment seemed unnecessarily cruel , paired with what he was saying .
tr	NN	The haze of fear which covered her eyes evaporated .
tr	NN	Love isn 't something we expect .
tr	NN	No mate was welcome near me at the moment .
tr	NNS	The signs were fresh enough that she knew Tyler must have been scouting the estate while Lucian was at the hospital with her .
tr	NNS	Again the gang members attempted to shrink into the countryside when real troops arrived .
tr	NN	Even through the blood oozing out of his mouth , the bastard was still grinning .
tr	NN	The green Victorian was close now , two houses down .
tr	NNS	The three tigers stood on a small pedestal in the center of the stage .
tr	NNS	Joyous shouts and cheers rose in the tightly packed crowd , but the young woman didn 't share the excitement .
tr	NN	Jazz stood in the doorway for a second , taking it in ; there was a tight bloom of happiness inside her , seeing him .
tr	NN	The gasoline splashed her full in the face , blinding her .
tr	NNS	The villagers said that he 'd traded his soul to the Devil in order to get his power .
tr	NNS	Looks like you need it . "
tr	NNS	Those colors aren 't good with your complexion . "
tr	NNS	The footsteps above fell silent .
tr	NN	No permanent damage done .
tr	NNS	Images played behind my eyelids .
tr	NNS	Tandy 's actions do not accord with those of a habitual drunkard .
tr	NN	I basically just fake apologized , huh ? "
tr	NN	The stench of them endures for an eternity .
tr	NNS	Hands came up , trying to pull the knife away , but Johnnie had found the place , and forced the tip home .
tr	NN	" No pun intended ? "
tr	NN	Our organization is smaller than yours as we do not take on the ... weaker of our kind . "
tr	NN	Purple steam rose from her body .
tr	NNS	There were no black spots in sight , at least for the moment .
tr	NNS	Again , terrible , bloody images of her flashed through my mind .
tr	NNS	The tests at the hospital all came back normal .
tr	NNS	Then the mattress gave on her side as she sat down .
tr	NN	There 's a limit to how much surveillance I 'll put myself through .
tr	NN	Anger and guilt weighted his words and tightened his jaw until the tendons flexed along his neck .
tr	NNS	' My apologies , ' Dryad answered coming further into the light .
tr	NN	The little tartan hamster that lived in his head had stopped at the side of a remote road to ponder the stars .
tr	NNS	The strands emanated from a spot between her shoulder blades and arced out in all directions like the long legs of an electric spider .
tr	NNS	Were there alternate realities for every decision she and all of her ancestors had made on a daily basis ?
tr	NN	The tip of the blade found his shoulder , scoring his vest but failing to find his flesh .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , my handlers would probably tell me that doesn 't make a great campaign slogan . "
tr	NNS	Those facts were enough to get them to let me say my piece .
tr	NNS	" Why wedding dresses ? "
tr	NN	Finally , the agent returned his attention to Michael .
tr	NNS	The screens above the bed glowed a bright green , and showed the white tracing of his EEG .
tr	NNS	Penny 's hugs had always been able to comfort her .
tr	NN	' ... half-day today ' the school teacher had joked , and laughing together .
tr	NNS	Other family members were angling for her to move into their neighborhoods in other parts of El Paso or other parts of the country .
tr	NN	Well , that description fit him .
tr	NNS	Little Victorian cottages decorated the street .
tr	NN	" The DVD entered our quadrant for the second time some six months ago .
tr	NN	The best development since school started was that she 'd made a few friends , including Mike , her chauffeur .
tr	NN	The dark blob squirmed as she approached .
tr	NN	A predator was still a predator .
tr	NNS	The main gates of the base were open , most likely because some tried to escape the infection that 'd gotten into the compound .
tr	NNS	The great poets can write about it but you can bet they 've never felt it .
tr	NNS	The roads have been perilous , the rewards few , the glory has tarried beyond the edge of dawn .
tr	NN	What 's your route ?
tr	NNS	The highways are one of the greatest spots to see creatures of the forest adapting to the invasion of human productivity .
tr	NNS	The drugs Presley had taken made her feel as if her mother 's voice was growing loud and then dim .
tr	NNS	Her movements were becoming more frenzied , steeped in frustration , and then she roared .
tr	NNS	The Honda 's bucket seats prevented her from snuggling .
tr	NN	The long blond dread locks the girls were so crazy about were pulled back in a ponytail tonight .
tr	NNS	' We 're all doomed , infinite possibilities are within his grasp ' .
tr	NN	The dark-haired blue-eyed hunk in front of her looked good enough to eat .
tr	NN	There was no proof that Jack could help me but I definitely felt calmer .
tr	NNS	The images he received from her had been so vivid , so detailed , he had lived the nightmare with her , through her .
tr	NNS	There was no furniture downstairs except for the kitchen table .
tr	NN	A gentleman wouldn 't stare .
tr	NN	A quick stroll through the residential section told him that the women were safe in their homes .
tr	NN	More than one warrior breathed a low curse as they looked down on him .
tr	NNS	' Those idiots are definitely on to us now . '
tr	NNS	Then the window openings became free , and she saw far over the trees of the garden the clouds covering the whole sky .
tr	NNS	Girls like you . "
tr	NN	Abstract paintings adorned two of the walls , a flat-screen TV took up most of the third .
tr	NN	Who knows , maybe there ´ s an identical hatch on the North Pole .
tr	NN	The lieutenant turned to her console , but after a moment of typing , she frowned .
tr	NN	If it looks absurd , a corporate executive must have commissioned it .
tr	NNS	Nadia 's hopes rose .
tr	NN	A massive chandelier hung from a ceiling painted with a rococo design of golden arrows in flight .
tr	NN	The organizational hierarchy of Moretti Inc. is very easy to understand .
tr	NN	" He 's had to step out but he 'll be back shortly , " the attorney 's secretary told him .
tr	NN	Hurt and anger littered her countenance like never before .
tr	NNS	But that fun was for later , he had four victims in front of him , the possibilities he thought as his smile widened .
tr	NN	His icy determination not to be dismissed from her client roster was starting to make her a little uneasy .
tr	NNS	Lots of women have self-destructive tendencies .
tr	NNS	" There are specialists who clean up crime scenes . "
tr	NNS	But now the blasts of heat were only striking the rear window .
tr	NN	The chase was on , as Little Mink left his vantage point and was in hot pursuit .
tr	NN	Behind her , the werewolf leaps .
tr	NN	Who was the blonde English chef berating his cooking skills ?
tr	NN	Her mother-in-law had installed gas throughout her New York City town house , and Annie had never liked the harsh glare they created .
tr	NNS	Thousands of lights pulsed slowly and wavered in the night , illuminating millions of lives , millions of stories Nina couldn 't bother herself with right now .
tr	NN	A trio of protesting howls came from the girls .
tr	NNS	Alexis laid back down .
tr	NN	His fingers swirl over my cl * t and I grab onto his bicep , my head flying back for another swirl .
tr	NN	" There is no difficulty in the notion of a robot crossing open country .
tr	NN	Then dread settled over her bones , dragging her down to the pits of despair .
tr	NNS	A few strands have pulled loose and hang out to the side like coiled bed springs .
tr	NNS	Once they learned I 'd been in school for eleven years , their expressions would change .
tr	NN	A built-in oak bookcase on the right side of the fire place held books and board games .
tr	NNS	Matching gems hung from her ears , and a rose-colored necklace of pearls and quartz encircled her neck .
tr	NNS	The thumps continued , coming from underneath the floor despite me being below deck now .
tr	NNS	Heavy drapes framed a window with no glass .
tr	NN	Part of her wants me .
tr	NN	Austin 's studio had become available but , they 'd have to wait until February the following year if they didn 't start recording in two days .
tr	NN	" I was very impressed by the park , " the mayor stated .
tr	NNS	Light bulbs were bursting simultaneously in every room around us .
tr	NNS	The cats came for the odor of the smokehouse where Kizzy 's father and uncles made sausages from the various things they killed .
tr	NNS	" There are limits .
tr	NNS	But that morning , his nostrils flared .
tr	NN	The newcomer strode into the chamber and scanned the space , which hosted fewer than a dozen occupants on a good night .
tr	NNS	Instead , their movements were slow , almost languorous .
tr	NNS	Good or bad , those experiences brought failure or winning a new meaning .
tr	NNS	The technicians would have known that .
tr	NNS	Things went wrong -- more wrong than I 've ever seen .
tr	NNS	Crazy captives were hard to deal with .
tr	NNS	Alexis is organizing a fundraiser -- " " That wasn 't what was really going on .
tr	NNS	Lights and shadows were moving among the trees , and I heard men call to one another .
tr	NNS	In his head the images were still there .
tr	NNS	Others were trying to climb higher up the mountain .
tr	NNS	Her movements quick , Patti put the avocados on the windowsill above Hannah 's kitchen sink .
tr	NN	His thick twang made it difficult for them to fully take what he was saying to heart .
tr	NN	Her weeping is quiet .
tr	NN	The agent shook his head .
tr	NNS	Flames shot up around the edges of the room .
tr	NN	Way to make me feel like an epic failure of an Apollyon .
tr	NN	Nausea built in the back of his throat in hot waves .
tr	NN	The way Janet blushed and giggled , however , led me to suspect she barely even noticed .
tr	NN	The soft rustle of muslin betrayed movement .
tr	NN	In the vast marble foyer , a directory listed a who 's who of D.C. law .
tr	NN	The instinct for a child to protect their mother is a strong thing . "
tr	NNS	The peaceful strains stirred the late evening air like the slow river current .
tr	NNS	Thoughts rushed through him .
tr	NN	But electricity spun through my body , and I hit a dead halt .
tr	NNS	Animals don 't like fire . "
tr	NNS	Thoughts of Molly , thoughts of England fade away to less than dust .
tr	NN	" Most prefer not to transform in front of an audience , " the camp leader explained .
tr	NNS	The grasses she walked through were knee high with an occasional weed that came to her waist .
tr	NN	Ellis was showing off , the surgeon 's instinct for demonstrating to everyone that his patient didn 't mind being cut and mutilated .
tr	NNS	The chances for disaster are mind-boggling !
tr	NNS	The two known races of gorilla , the mountain gorilla in Virunga , and the lowland gorilla near the coast , both had black hair .
tr	NN	As with previous games , each player ran past and brushed his helmet against my palm .
tr	NNS	Things a kid would like .
tr	NN	Oh , and there was another layer of transportation that originated from the Lone Star state -- flying cars .
tr	NNS	There was a strangeness , an unfamiliarity to her movements .
tr	NN	At least one less foe tormented her .
tr	NN	The Black Dwarf addressed you , remember ?
tr	NN	In the old stories , the night before the battle of Jericho , an angel appeared and gave Joshua a sword . "
tr	NN	The loft was half the size of the office below .
tr	NN	Love turned to look at Stuart .
tr	NNS	My first step lands on a flyer and I slip , but Will catches me .
tr	NNS	Three cruisers moved at very high speed toward the Human Empire cruisers .
tr	NN	Okay , traditional medicine is subject to progress like everything else .
tr	NN	The commander smiled faintly .
tr	NNS	And these days natural language programs were starting to involve distributed processing .
tr	NNS	I saw him stand alone without fear or apprehension against a sea of orc warriors , there were thousands and thousands of them .
tr	NNS	Angry Southern wolves mixed with scary vampires did not tip the odds in our favor .
tr	NN	Their lack of faith in him was appalling .
tr	NNS	Following the shadows , the children 's images are now difficult to decipher .
tr	NNS	The members of the Court listened carefully to the transcript of the original hearing and found no grounds for reversal .
tr	NNS	Several bystanders came in to hold his arms .
tr	NN	Love is the strongest thing there is . "
tr	NN	The cat 's fur was incredibly soft .
tr	NNS	Then chills shot down her spine .
tr	NNS	His followers continued to pile through the gateways .
tr	NN	There was a narrow gap under the fence , like a dog would dig .
tr	NN	" No surprise there , " cut in the Sheriff .
tr	NN	Her only goal was to get to the front door as quickly as possible .
tr	NN	With a bored sigh , her knight turned and walked away , disappearing into the surrounding woods .
tr	NNS	" Er bodily fluids leaking ? "
tr	NNS	Bring provisions as if you will never see this place again , for the chances are that you will not .
tr	NNS	" So the media reports everything now ?
tr	NN	The massive scar tissue was slowly repairing and the layers of shadow were giving way to the tissue and cells that belonged inside of the cat .
tr	NNS	My big ideas for expensive renovations may have been unrealistic , but there have been plenty of small things to keep the impact low .
tr	NNS	In seconds , only Elland 's defenders still stood inside the walls .
tr	NN	An insanity that had decided it wanted Elaina dead and would try again when he escaped .
tr	NNS	All the paintings are under a fake name .
tr	NN	Her grandmother was free now ; her spirit was keeping company with the ghosts that she had spoken to in life .
tr	NN	Could the deputy really have been a serial killer as Agent Lasky seemed to believe ?
tr	NNS	The companions rode on through the forest .
tr	NN	In the same way Christian Love ( or Charity ) for our neighbours is quite a different thing from liking or affection .
tr	NNS	Looks like they came in handy up here on the terrace , anyway .
tr	NNS	Marius wrapped his arm around her for support and helped her limp to the wall next to the elevator .
tr	NN	The trio lived within four blocks of each other growing up and had been friends since elementary school .
tr	NNS	" Things were as usual when I left the club .
tr	NN	No offense , but an obstacle you 're not . "
tr	NNS	The horns reminded her of Puck from Shakespeare 's " A Midsummer Night 's Dream . "
tr	NN	The panel in the wall opened and he vanished .
tr	NNS	The edges of his blond hair glowed golden in the sunlight .
tr	NNS	" Rise zombies , " Nimrod cried .
tr	NN	The second hooker got to her feet and joined in .
tr	NN	The habit seemed unbreakable .
tr	NN	My sports career came to an abrupt end .
tr	NN	Well , werewolf would be a better description .
tr	NN	Love picked up the little bottle he 'd taken from the kitchen cupboard .
tr	NN	I braced myself for any kind of assault , but to my surprise , my kidnapper didn 't beat , or hit me to keep from moving .
tr	NN	My boot landed on something in the darkness , maybe some glass from a blown-out window that had landed on the road .
tr	NNS	The little pools of liquid on my skin dried slowly , and it felt good to be empty , to be still for a moment .
tr	NN	The cable swung closer to the back ramp .
tr	NNS	The mattress bounced with my weight .
tr	NNS	The knives hovering in the air turned over , blades downwards .
tr	NNS	" Their descriptions are misleading , to say the least . "
tr	NNS	Was anyone hurting her ?
tr	NNS	" Yes , three tickets to Philadelphia , " his mother said , then wrapped her hand around his arm .
tr	NNS	Even the villagers say so .
tr	NNS	Skulls with jaws and without topped many of the longer bones .
tr	NNS	Words like ' okay , ' will not be acceptable .
tr	NN	Then , just as suddenly , the rope went taut , ending his descent ended with a jolt .
tr	NNS	Dark walnut locks fell over his dazzling blue eyes .
tr	NN	Storm asks in a sweet tone .
tr	NN	A long quiet ensued and Josephine fought the urge to shuffle her feet or squirm .
tr	NN	Would my headstone say my sister 's name ?
tr	NN	Part of me wondered if it even mattered .
tr	NNS	Impulse control issues , his teachers called it .
tr	NNS	There are millions of them around this site of injury .
tr	NNS	And tests and I just don 't get along .
tr	NN	The clatter of suddenly discarded weapons was enormous .
tr	NNS	Others want spirit animals to fight .
tr	NNS	The plane levels off .
tr	NN	A low growl rose from Zayne 's throat .
tr	NNS	Afterward , classmates whispered about what 'd happened , the same as they 'd whispered about Nat and her dad .
tr	NN	A page of links for the Black Hand popped up on the monitor .
tr	NNS	Their expressions were pale with fear , but they were alive .
tr	NN	Her neighbor had also mentioned that Russ had two carloads of his survivalist buddies following him .
tr	NN	Except for the car 's own headlights , the highway was dark and empty in both directions .
tr	NN	As if in contradiction , a trickle of blood ran across my foot , streaming down the wet sand until it dumped into the river .
tr	NN	Their lectures dispensed , the girls soon started to relax and more cocktails were ordered .
tr	NNS	Kenji slams open the door .
tr	NNS	Most dwarfs do , somewhere in their gnarly little souls .
tr	NN	The cupboard , stacked with canned foods , offered little in the way of ideas .
tr	NN	The transition from asleep and free to bound prisoner had happened so fast Gwen was having a hard time keeping up with the change .
tr	NNS	Vegetable carts stopped alongside manicured lawns .
tr	NN	His accent was American , originally from some hardscrabble place far from the Upper West Side of Manhattan .
tr	NNS	Marius hurried to the truck and opened the driver 's door .
tr	NN	Her partner would be Cameron , a big man who moved with grace .
tr	NN	And then the flashlight was right in front of her .
tr	NNS	Between parked minivans two ladies wearing long flowing skirts and heels hugged .
tr	NNS	The magic users on Anthony 's side were too busy with offense to shield against it .
tr	NNS	There were campers in three other locations , all within a day 's hike of the lodge , yet they appeared to pose no threat to anyone .
tr	NN	There was no pattern to follow .
tr	NN	The nipple quickly puckered and sent a wave of tingles down to her abdomen .
tr	NNS	No signs of anything except that she was ghostly white and her heart rate kept accelerating .
tr	NN	" The temp isn 't that bad , but I want you to stay in bed and rest .
tr	NNS	His skills as an investigative reporter shined as he threaded his questions throughout Matt 's responses to get the answers he was satisfied with .
tr	NNS	These two bachelors had very little to chose from food wise .
tr	NN	The shelf faced southward and eastward ; but only on the east was the view open .
tr	NNS	Witches , shapeshifters , and fae were one thing .
tr	NNS	From so far away the colors blended together in an impressionist muddle .
tr	NNS	The newly printed cards ID cards were not questioned .
tr	NNS	The two wolves were nowhere to be seen .
tr	NNS	Slow , deliberate footsteps echo off the wall beyond Blake .
tr	NNS	Neither hypothesis made sense to me .
tr	NNS	Soldiers dressed in fatigues and armed with automatic weapons stood watching the activity and guarding the store .
tr	NNS	The videos are all over the Web .
tr	NN	The lantern at the stern of the boat , the only light piercing the heavy darkness , cast eerie shadows on the rounded walls .
tr	NN	This idiot was nothing but another meaningless minion that had believed the promises whispered by the Dark Lord .
tr	NN	The hermit kept his gaze on her and waited for her cries to quell before he wiped away the tears with his sleeve .
tr	NN	The rug returned and the candles disappeared .
tr	NN	I prefer to stick to leather , ' the ranger replied .
tr	NNS	" All Things , For All People , Everywhere . "
tr	NN	" Your kindness might be the death of you . "
tr	NNS	His surroundings could hardly compare with Gideon 's vast town house or even the elegant hotel he had chosen upon his arrival in London .
tr	NN	An earthy , rich aura of taste and scent poured over his face , down his throat and into his lungs .
tr	NN	At the very top , a ledge butted up to the thick gray wall .
tr	NNS	Things are so different .
tr	NN	My subconscious was trying to keep her here in this spot .
tr	NNS	In addition to Teri 's family , there were a few cousins , a few Brannigan 's employees , and a few of Frank 's co-workers .
tr	NNS	There were shouts and curses as players were being splattered by the slimy , sticky , globs of phlegm .
tr	NNS	Romulus thought quietly on this for a while .
tr	NNS	The drops of water slowly hit him .
tr	NN	" Probably , " Jazz said , smiling .
tr	NN	An injection of the horrible reality she had worked so hard to shelter herself from smacked her in the face .
tr	NNS	If she 's polite , the Others are polite . "
tr	NNS	The tightness in her features , the way her eyes narrowed at me in hate told me I 'd just said the wrong thing .
tr	NNS	The other band members behaved equally strangely .
tr	NN	" Won 't the tribe ambush us ? "
tr	NNS	" Not the types of ladies you 're going to meet at church , if you know what I mean . "
tr	NNS	Orders are to rendezvous with SEAL Team 11 for a joint operations undertaking . "
tr	NN	The holographic video floats in the air .
tr	NN	" My escorts are in the hotel making arrangements .
tr	NN	There was a butcher , a drug store , a shop that looked like it sold nothing but fishing gear .
tr	NNS	There were rumours of Ishmael and his men manning the rooftops of the ghetto , moving fleetingly from building to building .
tr	NN	This last pot tasted like wash water . "
tr	NN	The only illumination in the chapel was from her lamp and the small , perpetual flame which burned on the altar .
tr	NNS	Words started to pour out of her , almost against her will .
tr	NNS	Things crashed all around them : lamps , dishes , picture frames , decorative trinkets of glass .
tr	NN	The rope swiftly followed the bolt across the expanse between the two vessels , ending with a quiet thump as it reached its destination .
tr	NNS	Chess had kissed me the night before .
tr	NNS	Personal exchanges with near strangers in public places are just not my thing , even though I knew I was being a pill .
tr	NNS	Names that will stick around for centuries , though I suspect we can change them again if we have to , " I said .
tr	NN	Neither the government , the homesteaders , The Witnesses , or any of the other religious cults or rebel factions would dare try to violate this area .
tr	NN	Inviting him to rehearsal , the first rhythm guitarist got the message and didn 't return .
tr	NN	" The manner in which you communicate with your team is very different from the norm in this country . "
tr	NNS	" You must be John Smith , " Bugs laid out sternly .
tr	NN	But her annoyance combined with the scent of blood , dirt , and death that she was covered in , was rather enticing .
tr	NN	Jazz made an okay gesture with one hand as she yanked open her desk drawer with the other and felt around in the depths .
tr	NNS	The rolling green hills of the Calderon Valley came into sight , already defying the winter with new growth .
tr	NN	" The gentry from the city surprises us again . "
tr	NNS	Other masks were grotesque caricatures of people .
tr	NN	At the top of the hillside , not a single plant was free of the spots .
tr	NNS	There were giant colored butterflies .
tr	NNS	Their colors ranged the entire spectrum , from white to black .
tr	NNS	Behind your face , old fears like goblins creep .
tr	NN	This unexpected interruption caught Terrance by surprise .
tr	NNS	From here , the four main roads radiated out to the cardinal points of the compass .
tr	NN	His green dragon opened its mouth , and roared a weak challenge , but its flame was pale and short and did not reach the oncoming enemy .
tr	NN	The absence left me ... I wish I 'd lost a limb instead . "
tr	NN	But the dwarf kept talking , even when I looked away .
tr	NN	The leader swung back toward him .
tr	NN	The term of endearment made her sit up .
tr	NNS	The drugs in my system slowed me down ... " Iona threw her flames at the woman .
tr	NNS	Crazy Pete 's sports bar .
tr	NN	Lying in a mound of worms and dirt , Gillard Shutter 's skeleton stared back at us .
tr	NN	The publisher has no control over and assumes no responsibility for the author or third-party websites or their content .
tr	NN	" That fat bastard 's twang isn 't hard to imitate .
tr	NN	Now History is our invention . '
tr	NN	" Why the workout center ? "
tr	NNS	Four brass horns rang through the toy factory .
tr	NN	" Our yard has to be done this week , or we 'll get fined . "
tr	NNS	Hath reeds knocked against thee ?
tr	NNS	Distant shouts came from the three-story bank set back from the road and standing between the grocery store and a pawn shop .
tr	NNS	The shoppers moved with purpose while the idly curious wandered randomly around the mounds of carefully arranged wares .
tr	NN	" The State Police think this area around River Sunday is a major location for members , " said the Sheriff .
tr	NNS	Doyle 's pills sure did do the trick !
tr	NN	Slowly , very slowly , our Sun cools off . "
tr	NNS	Looks like she 's come straight from the office . '
tr	NN	Apparently our capture of his agent hasn 't discouraged him as I 'd hoped , and he has at least one more .
tr	NN	Bigsby 's overweening kindness almost made Derek regret his harsh manner with her .
tr	NNS	A moment later , footsteps approached the alley .
tr	NN	Reaching back in after the near miss , Link rips his blade back out of Garo 's chest , barely managing to deflect the next attack .
tr	NNS	Our kisses were ravenous and the room filled with our pure lust for one another .
tr	NNS	The uneasy movements he was making often sent him flapping about in the wrong direction .
tr	NNS	There were no warriors to be seen , and the wolves had gone quiet long ago .
tr	NNS	Bare concrete floors , empty cracked , yellowed walls , and crumpled trash made up the inside of this refuge .
tr	NN	The stench will camouflage us .
tr	NN	My basketball career is over .
tr	NN	The small lamp was still burning , but Mac did not appear .
tr	NNS	Loud , quick footsteps sounded in the hall , heading in our direction .
tr	NNS	All the colours and pleasant shapes are merely where it ends , where it ceases to be .
tr	NNS	Orders Greg through the walkie .
tr	NNS	Their tongues entwined and meshed , fusing them together .
tr	NN	As she stood , a beautiful silver pendant caught my eye .
tr	NN	Alongside it , there was a long strip of little black buttons .
tr	NN	" Where 's their lair ? "
tr	NNS	My eyelids snap open at his awful accusation .
tr	NN	Tentatively , as if expecting lightning , Arun the helper reached for and touched Arun 's feet .
tr	NNS	Your grandparents are fine .
tr	NN	Her association with Landon Mercer , whatever it was , was certainly not romantic in any sense .
tr	NNS	The cells stop screaming .
tr	NN	The dragon immediately streaked skyward .
tr	NNS	His clients expected him to provide top-notch security and that included using a gun if necessary .
tr	NN	The senator accepted their relationship .
tr	NN	The bronze plaque , electroplated with cobalt , stared back at her .
tr	NN	But the warrior on the dais laughed , watching as the flames disappeared .
tr	NN	The rope around your waist will protect you if you fall . "
tr	NNS	With their packs and other gear , the other campers were tired and a little winded .
tr	NNS	" My apologies for using my power on you , Leila .
tr	NN	When she spoke , final y , her voice was as thin as a thread .
tr	NN	The winner was assured to become a legend himself ; guaranteed to acquire boundless glory , wealth , and fame .
tr	NN	A big white mausoleum dominated the hill at the top , but they weren 't going that way - they veered off to the right .
tr	NN	There was a rap on the basement door .
tr	NN	There was a fine tremor in the hand that pointed to the bed .
tr	NN	My hunger races to the joint and laps up every spec of pain .
tr	NN	" Ok , well you do have another option .
tr	NN	The receptionist straightened up and looked nervously toward the door behind her .
tr	NN	Part of me suspected it had something to do with the fact that I didn 't go to sleep until after Aiden did .
tr	NN	There was no other option .
tr	NNS	" Yeah , there are two boards , a Sergeant Board and an NCO of the Quarter Board , both on 11 January .
tr	NNS	What did those colours signify ?
tr	NN	Each stroke of Ella 's hoe impacting the ground sent the enemy deeper into an erotic trance .
tr	NNS	The prickling tightness was moving across Jack 's face and chest .
tr	NN	Too many times the vegetable came out limp and soggy .
tr	NNS	" And there are meetings during the week now where you can believe anything you like .
tr	NN	Only one square of fuel was showing and it was flashing .
tr	NNS	" What is this ruckus ? "
tr	NNS	Walking back Raphael could sense Calvin thinking .
tr	NN	At ten seconds , a spotlight focused directly on her trio .
tr	NN	Her teacher explained that this was the likely place where Eden is and that is why Jesus came from the Middle East .
tr	NN	" Ladies , an introduction is in order .
tr	NN	In this particular case , the besieging baron decided to round up all the local serfs and behead them in plain view of the defender 's castle .
tr	NN	Your shield will do its job . "
tr	NN	Reality cut through him like a knife .
tr	NN	The bullet hit the man in the front of his chest and tore through the back , leaving an opening the size of a melon .
tr	NNS	Big bins of apples lined the perimeter and the tart smell of cider hung in the air .
tr	NN	The rope of drool hanging from his lip swung back and forth like a pendulum .
tr	NN	His hard torso leaned into her , his lips mere inches from hers .
tr	NN	A quiet rap on the office door announced the arrival of coffee .
tr	NN	the leader blurted , fascinated .
tr	NN	A chuckle rumbled up from his chest .
tr	NNS	The creatures slammed into the trees , and exploded into dust upon impact .
tr	NN	" The machinery broke down and the hatchlings fell victim to the first intelligent predators who found them . "
tr	NN	The lieutenant stopped in his tracks .
tr	NN	" Ice cream and french fries isn 't exactly a typical combination . "
tr	NNS	The ruckus also brought the attention of a man inside the shack .
tr	NNS	The spots were still there , but they were fewer and remained at the borders of his vision .
tr	NN	The countryside grew more bleak and foreboding with each passing mile .
tr	NN	An ugly looking brute speaking strangely accented English , growled at us .
tr	NNS	Dusty inspirational posters plastered the walls .
tr	NN	Once again , the outer layer crept up the sides .
tr	NN	Her white tank and thin bra were almost invisible .
tr	NNS	I know anyone that goes Aggro just goes , there are no symptoms . "
tr	NN	The fourth-grade teacher , Mrs. Buckley , caught us once and we missed a week of recess .
tr	NNS	Inside , the work and living spaces were vast and sufficiently supplied to keep a large staff alive indefinitely following a nuclear holocaust .
tr	NNS	The tightness in his shoulders , the look of anguish on his face , was almost unbearable .
tr	NN	His uncle gave a wry smile as he left his angry looking nephew on the doorstep .
tr	NNS	The companions ' stomachs rumbled at the aroma .
tr	NNS	Around twenty Officials remain , and there are only nine of us .
tr	NNS	Where crazy fans will pull my hair and threaten me .
tr	NN	Some buried instinct told Maddie she might never hear from him again .
tr	NNS	A mattress covered with throw rugs lay directly on the floor .
tr	NNS	Sadness deepened the line between his brows when he looked at my knuckles .
tr	NN	And if she were going to take care of it -- Say it , her subconscious demanded .
tr	NN	Once my laughter subsided , guilt overwhelmed me .
tr	NN	There was a huge mound of rock in the center that I realized was actually the entrance to a great cave .
tr	NNS	Romulus , the fastest and most knowledgeable of the wilderness , took the lead , but these plants were alien to him .
tr	NNS	His kisses had heated her up so much already that his erection throbbing between her legs and a handful of sexy words were a potent combination .
tr	NNS	" What other factors besides increased traffic point to a clandestine operation ? "
tr	NNS	Thoughts of her filled his every waking moment .
tr	NN	The empty water jug was there beside it .
tr	NN	" I would have remembered you anyway , " the teacher continued slowly , as if reaching into the past .
tr	NN	The exasperating Ainsley would never have rushed off to Balmoral without the letters .
tr	NNS	Marius turned and scowled at her .
tr	NN	' We 're dealing with a murderer here , a possible serial killer , ' Love said .
tr	NN	Her stomach had butterflies , her pulse quickened .
tr	NN	There was a navy blue comforter on the bed with pillows in red and gold .
tr	NNS	Sun Good 's detective instincts warned her about Shane 's behavior .
tr	NNS	Reyes had left the box in plain view , and she wanted to look at the chains once more .
tr	NNS	Images of Lucky became words in my mind .
tr	NN	Spirit , personality , passion , defiance , fear , challenge , those were what he wanted .
tr	NN	For better or for worse , the innocence I 'd wanted Emma to retain from my world was going up in flames .
tr	NN	Horror and guilt surged through me .
tr	NN	Gypsy offered me his " hand . "
tr	NN	" But my daddy loves Mama the same way Reese loves you . "
tr	NNS	Right around the time the credits for the film began to roll , when there was a soft knock at her front door .
tr	NN	" My daddy died , when I was very young , leaving my mama and me , alone .
tr	NNS	Kate 's nervous misgivings evaporated in a relieved laugh .
tr	NN	My teacher really watches out for me .
tr	NN	" Your grandmother of course , Melissa .
tr	NN	" Part of it , " Dodge answered .
tr	NNS	Framed prints , cleverly positioned lamps and even a few healthy pot plants ; it all had the feel of professionalism and thoughtful care .
tr	NNS	, to all appearances , is a piece of unmitigated paranoid pulp tripe .
tr	NN	But the sentiment was sincere .
tr	NNS	Most great fashion designers were men , so maybe these Princeton men could just be onto something .
tr	NNS	Marius pulled off his left glove and stuck his hand on the keypad .
tr	NNS	" Can werewolves have children with humans ? "
tr	NN	My father 's low baritone stood out .
tr	NN	" Maybe there 's a ramp ?
tr	NNS	Others noted that in certain atmospheric conditions the moon appeared blue , but that wasn 't too convincing to Lydia .
tr	NN	The administrator growled good-naturedly , his voice with the usual strength to it .
tr	NN	A hushed tirade of words came out under her breath as she tried to casually run away .
tr	NNS	" The traders bought slaves and the bell rang when a cargo of slaves assembled in the harbor pens .
tr	NNS	Cell bars did well enough for the others .
tr	NNS	Her hair spilled down her back , a few loose strands crossed her face .
tr	NNS	The runes on the staff blazed to life , and I pointed the staff across my body , at the air four feet off the cavern floor .
tr	NNS	Since they knew the score , the chances of me keeping them occupied were slim .
tr	NN	Her lack of height should 've made her seem fragile , but he knew Lady Emeline was no delicate piece of china .
tr	NN	The sub wiggled on the bench waiting for him to punish her .
tr	NN	" Your father cal ed me .
tr	NN	The momentum of the acceleration and the sudden change in direction causes the van to topple onto its side .
tr	NN	That ugly scar that made people turn and look at him with a mixture of fear and awe .
tr	NNS	Because they realize the truth of the chart only when the planets have prepared them . "
tr	NN	To his surprise and delight , there was only a mild discomfort .
tr	NN	The coin is going up , then the next instant it 's going back down .
tr	NN	The stench had soaked into the very beams and boards .
tr	NNS	Angry murmurs of protest at me holding up the game shocked me into action .
tr	NN	The guilt was almost unbearable .
tr	NN	Against the far wall there was a non-denominational altar .
tr	NN	My briefing to the men was early .
tr	NNS	The butterflies in my stomach are back , especially with the way he 's sliding his gaze over me .
tr	NN	A trick that she 'd taught me to deal with the unwanted memories .
tr	NNS	Words began to flow out of her mouth .
tr	NNS	" The facility and requested materials will be awaiting your arrival , Doctor . "
tr	NN	In the distance an unmistakable bay echoed through the air .
tr	NNS	Diggs didn 't say anything to that .
tr	NN	There 's a gap about a mile wide in this ridge .
tr	NNS	There were blank computer terminals and large metal containers .
tr	NNS	There were signs of mistreatment Beth -- bruises .
tr	NN	The brunette slithered down Hank 's lap , shocking the crowd as she bent on both knees to service the Red Shadow below the piano .
tr	NN	My birthday was in December .
tr	NN	Nikolas ' command was the only one I understood .
tr	NN	" Matthew 's supervisor is the only person who calls me Juanita .
tr	NNS	Loud footsteps pounded the floor behind me .
tr	NNS	Most artists claimed that the end of a project was the easiest for them , but it had always been just the opposite for Vicki .
tr	NN	At least we didn 't , until the reverend came . "
tr	NN	Jazz found herself liking the guy .
tr	NNS	Knowing my father , his clients didn 't need to close the deal until Independence Day .
tr	NN	Perhaps ' t was his aim in order to gain her agreement to have more in the future .
tr	NN	" The sheriff asked me to come by and see if I could find anything out of order . "
tr	NN	There 's still a few operating underground .
tr	NNS	More images flooded her mind .
tr	NNS	Girls like Leigh had set my teeth on edge , too - back when such things had made a difference .
tr	NN	Artificial turf discreetly covered the mound of dirt at the back of the tent .
tr	NNS	" We 're almost up , " he said , and handed me a pair of short blades , their metal edges gleaming under the fluorescent lights .
tr	NNS	Waves of doom washed over me .
tr	NNS	The main kitchens were in the east wing , taking up the entire lower floor and much of the basement .
tr	NN	" Nina , " Lance said , turning to face her , " a gentleman never tells . "
tr	NN	" My career could be on the line with this one , sweetheart . "
tr	NN	The next day Beck told me I didn 't have to do my schoolwork if I didn 't want to , and he went driving by himself .
tr	NN	He looked up to find Flossie standing there , a harshly disapproving look on face .
tr	NN	The concept of peace implodes when We are not one with Them .
tr	NNS	The kisses had now gotten to the point that even the tiny voice of reason was fading .
tr	NN	A dark ale , " I said , suddenly inspired .
tr	NNS	From the jungle stepped two tall figures in custom suits .
tr	NN	There 's only one page left , here . "
tr	NN	A tank of a man , hidden behind a dark brown cloak , stood guard at the entrance to the coveted tent .
tr	NN	The dragon was probably back at her desk .
tr	NNS	Nerves dry up and stop working .
tr	NNS	The hallways are vacant .
tr	NN	" A half-breed bastard sold to one court after another , wearing that filthy Ring of Obedience to keep me submissive .
tr	NNS	Those doorways to the other dimensions can never close .
tr	NN	" Hold me as I die , " whispered the policeman .
tr	NN	The CD player in the other room offered a classical medley .
tr	NN	" Apparently , my uncle believed that the corporate entity to whom he was selling was a cloak for a wealthy foreigner who preferred anonymity .
tr	NNS	' The twins think we are .
tr	NNS	Unwelcome facts emerged , before too long : Outside our home , the world 's constructed wrong .
tr	NN	Now , his unkempt cottage made a whole lot of sense .
tr	NN	" Level out , level out , " a captain said under his breath .
tr	NNS	The footprints overlay one another ; they weaved blindly among the trees .
tr	NN	At this moment , steam was building in this evil villain 's head .
tr	NNS	There were even payments coming in voluntarily .
tr	NN	The dragon picked the child up in his claw and lifted her so that she rested by his neck , his talons holding her gently .
tr	NNS	Screams and yells mixed with the crash of file cabinets and the splintering of plastic as monitors shook apart or crashed to the floor .
tr	NNS	The cameras were searching for couples to kiss while the lenses were trained on them .
tr	NNS	The drums stopped abruptly and the silence was so keen in the moment following that it was startling .
tr	NN	The copper haired researcher was puzzled to try to explain what her prototype project was doing inside his secured storage .
tr	NN	At my touch , her eyes flutter closed , and she exhales so strongly that I wonder how long she 's been holding her breath .
tr	NN	In March , 1978 , the Indian government banned the export of rhesus monkeys to research laboratories around the world .
tr	NNS	Booze , drugs , sex toys , stuff like that .
tr	NNS	Images drifted into his mind .
tr	NNS	The two figures jumped back and huddled together .
tr	NNS	Others ' blood was his life line .
tr	NN	Without it , this government would go under .
tr	NN	Where is the excitement , where is the drama , where is the discovery ?
tr	NNS	And when they came back , the twins were different .
tr	NN	A shiny black van with tinted windows rolled slowly their way , headlights glaring through the bushes like the eyes of some possessed beast .
tr	NNS	The other assigned cleaners for the day paused from their cleaning tasks just to hear what was happening .
tr	NN	The gunfire became a continuous roar , indeed , so continuously deafening that it somehow felt silent to Nate .
tr	NN	Part of me expected him to catch himself before he smacked into the floor , but he didn 't .
tr	NN	Outside on the deck of the Goya , the Coast Guard helicopter pilot vigilantly watched the EMS radar screen .
tr	NNS	The bright colors flooded her senses as he gently pulled aside the cotton and touched her with his fingertips .
tr	NN	The canyon had water and grass , with trees to provide shade .
tr	NNS	The footsteps came closer .
tr	NNS	" Questions are the source of knowledge .
tr	NNS	Things that go bump in the night , so to speak .
tr	NNS	Her aunts have taught her that Hong Kong is not quite the city she knows .
tr	NN	The little sprout flourished , spreading its limbs remarkably quickly , a sapling now waving in summer breezes , birds alighting to rest .
tr	NNS	Drugs made a person do crazy things .
tr	NN	The video cuts away and returns to the news anchor in the studio .
tr	NNS	The remaining members still due at the D.C. headquarters included Hunter and Corinne , coming in from New Orleans in a few more hours .
tr	NN	The firestorm burned hot and bright through both of them , sending them soaring , clutching each other , hearts nearly exploding with the shared pleasure .
tr	NNS	The checks and balances of this system work to check us and balance them .
tr	NNS	" The hills and scenery reminded me a little of the golf courses in North Carolina where I grew up .
tr	NN	Then a clank of metal on metal echoed below .
tr	NNS	His movements are frantic and I love knowing it 's me doing this to him .
tr	NNS	The continual gusts of wind were kicking up the sand in some areas and creating clouds of black material .
tr	NN	Once more , the vote passed from left to right with every vote guilty .
tr	NNS	Her little green peppers stuffed with cream cheese and covered in batter are the best .
tr	NNS	" How many gallons fill the lock per minute , do you think ? "
tr	NN	" The market is practically infested with them tonight .
tr	NNS	Other nations have an option to relinquish your power or face us like your contemporaries .
tr	NNS	The GP 's members were traveling to Chicago for the sole purpose of formally expelling the House - of breaking up with us in public .
tr	NNS	The footsteps led to the kitchen .
tr	NN	The rider bowed before the stone idol , then moved into a darkened cave .
tr	NN	A black sedan approached slowly and came to a stop on the edge of the road directly beside the armored vehicle .
tr	NN	Twelve Thirty rocked on his heels , his moustache had been elaborating his speech .
tr	NNS	It looked at Zoey , its nostrils flaring , and then cocked its head towards the stairs .
tr	NN	The air-conditioning unit whirled into motion to compensate for the increase in temperature .
tr	NNS	The other two werewolves -- both now men -- got to their feet .
tr	NNS	Maris ducked quickly before seizing his opportunity .
tr	NNS	These wax figures are simulacra of you two . "
tr	NNS	Each glows but the door does not open .
tr	NN	Zayne 's soft inhale rattled me and I dropped the Bible , expecting it to burn me .
tr	NN	Her long gown glides across the stone , picking up the dust of the square .
tr	NN	" The dragon is very clever .
tr	NNS	How are the creatures to be managed ? "
tr	NN	Did his notebook of secrets really spell disaster if it got into the wrong hands ?
tr	NNS	Lew 's footsteps ran for the back door .
tr	NNS	There were thirty-seven goblins working at the resort , none of whom would divulge their personal names .
tr	NNS	" Those competitive college programs are looking for well-rounded applicants .
tr	NN	Still , her sister 's recovery was progressing slowly but surely , with Michael always nearby if she needed him , a solid and unobtrusive friend .
tr	NNS	Mental institutions had bright fluorescent lighting that flickered .
tr	NNS	Or even the disappearances , or Christopher 's death .
tr	NN	Each creak of the wheel was like the thud in my chest that made me queasy .
tr	NNS	Your credentials can gain you access to parts of the archives none of us have been able to see .
tr	NN	Maynard 's scowl crumbled to one of uncertainty .
tr	NN	The ritual I found in that grimoire used the blood of a Shifter , in a spell performed at the spring equinox .
tr	NN	A dimple appeared in his cheek .
tr	NNS	Two aisles over he found a small knitting needle .
tr	NNS	There are no other patrols ! "
tr	NNS	From what I could tell , the zombies that were at a farther stage of decomposing seemed to be the most vicious .
tr	NNS	Several teachers passed by and almost snarled at them thinking they were responsible for what was happening .
tr	NNS	And the good countess did not let them wait on her .
tr	NN	Only the irrefutable nagging in his stomach kept the thought alive .
tr	NN	The challenge of having a boss with a brain , I guess .
tr	NN	The dragon 's lair was somewhere in the forest and if he was lucky Lizzie would still be alive .
tr	NN	Will the government find me and take me away for not being supervised ?
tr	NN	Its discipline is legendary , my good friend . "
tr	NNS	The mattress dipped under his weight as he crawled in beside her , gathering her in his arms .
tr	NN	My faction has come to save us .
tr	NN	But when I sat at the head of a long table while plate after plate were placed in front of me , my appetite disappeared .
tr	NNS	The scales were smooth beneath his fingers , and the deep , rich red seemed to shimmer as he turned the egg in his hands .
tr	NNS	Folks sure were lucky to be governed so well .
tr	NNS	If he is clumsy , the chances are that he will undergo political destruction in a matter of weeks .
tr	NNS	Giddy butterflies circled in her stomach .
tr	NNS	The organs were harboring a few tiny , immature parasites .
tr	NN	I sat up and peered into the mist in the direction the rider and horse had taken .
tr	NNS	As I raised my hands to fight , the three male wolves began to bark - but not at me or my assailant .
tr	NN	This festival brought in the New Year , and all the tribes celebrated it .
tr	NNS	And bees crawl into her mouth , and over her ears , and all over her pillow .
tr	NNS	Here , members of Enforcement processed a line of people wanting to enter .
tr	NN	The referee sent Lea to a neutral corner and prepared to start his count on Payton , who started to bleed from her mouth and nose .
tr	NNS	At least dozen figures were walking , slowly , purposefully towards them .
tr	NNS	" Two blue coins , " Tommy obediently answered .
tr	NN	The deep croak of a toad broke the silence as she crossed the cotton fields toward the farm .
tr	NNS	Achilles was a setter , or at least , a partial one .
tr	NN	His roar was deafening .
tr	NNS	But inside , in the chill of the artificial habitats , thousands of people are working .
tr	NN	The rider must have noticed that the trunk wasn 't closed .
tr	NNS	Our warriors followed orders even if they would lead to their doom .
tr	NN	Ours bore callouses from our single weapon , the curved scythe blade we knew how to use because our ancestors had used them .
tr	NNS	" Several fast food chains carry salads now .
tr	NNS	Snow flakes started to fall .
tr	NN	The feather comes loose , as if she can hardly stop herself from finishing the action , now that she 's started it .
tr	NNS	Access codes please ? "
tr	NNS	" Fifteen grams of carbohydrate , but he needs to do it right away or he could have an insulin reaction .
tr	NNS	My acting skills aren 't really that impressive , but maybe they 'll suffice for a species that isn 't too conversant with normal human responses .
tr	NN	" The afterlife must be one brilliant party . "
tr	NNS	Huge drops of sweat ran down Catfish 's forehead .
tr	NN	The Bon Jovi chorus coming from her cell phone caused her heart to beat faster , and she silently cursed herself .
tr	NN	The footman looked at him with even more loathing .
tr	NNS	These demands didn 't surprise the seasoned director of intelligence .
tr	NN	" Where 's that rainbow wig ? "
tr	NN	" No I 'm not , " said the dragon .
tr	NNS	" If the ritual didn 't work , then how did Lilith 's chains break ? "
tr	NN	The gravel of another airstrip was dead ahead and it seemed to end in the water .
tr	NNS	More and more lasers shot out of the cylinder .
tr	NNS	My actions caused him great pain . '
tr	NN	" Now , tell me about your friend , " the ambassador said , motioning to the dog .
tr	NN	Shakyamuni 's original intent was to resolve the cause of suffering .
tr	NNS	The chances of finding her alive were slim .
tr	NNS	Certain areas of the walls are stone , while steel beams and concrete heavily reinforce others .
tr	NN	For a true reward for a life well lived .
tr	NNS	" There were so many ads .
tr	NNS	Others poured from homes scattered around the hills , leaping on horses , racing to calm the frightened cattle .
tr	NNS	The fountains all over the city sing louder .
tr	NN	" Unless he kills you , " the redhead added .
tr	NNS	Others simply ignored him .
tr	NNS	Practice sessions , acclimation to the ice and rink , interviews with the media , two programs , plus an additional exhibition if she medals .
tr	NNS	Why , years ago , before I was born , most supernaturals considered all werewolves basically animals .
tr	NN	The first entry reads : David keeps asking me to write down what I experienced .
tr	NNS	My heart races and I wipe my clammy hands on my pants .
tr	NN	A blink of agitation lifted in me .
tr	NNS	Words , he 'd learned , had the density of lead .
tr	NNS	Looks like we share the same amount of luck . "
tr	NNS	Lights were blazing inside , and she saw Luke in the window , standing in what she thought might be the kitchen .
tr	NNS	" The media can 't find out that information .
tr	NNS	But , at seeing their comrade fall dead , the creatures had started moving for cover while drawing their swords .
tr	NNS	Hands gripping him from underneath , grasping his legs .
tr	NN	Far below , the red hose was a serpent once again , still asleep , still open-mouthed and motionless .
tr	NN	" Which of you is the master of this place ? "
tr	NN	The most likely explanation was that it had been a private sale .
tr	NNS	There were several possibilities plus a guy .
tr	NNS	Screams and yelling filled the trailer and Samara reached back to grasp onto the wall behind him .
tr	NNS	Looks like 250 feet or so to the next fork . "
tr	NNS	The two detectives separated to cover more of the chapel .
tr	NN	The venom will have eaten him long before we can reach help .
tr	NNS	As he neared her , the colors in his ring began to move , swirling with yellows and golds .
tr	NN	The battle harness was stiff but she didn 't care .
tr	NN	Repetitive shock treatment seemed to be the only way .
tr	NN	And a heart-shaped face .
tr	NN	A rare illness was not necessarily the end of the world .
tr	NNS	The lies come fluidly .
tr	NNS	" Before the houses existed , certain feuding vampire covens engaged in petty slights , back and forth , to air their grievances . "
tr	NNS	Curious as to what the dog was doing , he shoved his bottle of wine into the bottom of the downspout and got to his feet .
tr	NNS	Despite Andrew 's promises and confidence , chances were good Neil was going to leave Palmetto State in a casket before spring .
tr	NNS	Only being back with Gran , where she felt safe , softened the sharper edges of what she was experiencing , helped bring it under control .
tr	NN	Anyway , the buck stops with you on all of this , that 's what you get paid the big money for isn 't it ? "
tr	NNS	The stakes were high .
tr	NNS	The binoculars followed their every movement until they were out of sight .
tr	NN	" Ok , Chloe it 's time to go back to bed . "
tr	NNS	Subdued footsteps moved behind me , cautiously but with a distinct purpose .
tr	NN	The captain shook Bill 's hand .
tr	NNS	The bars that closed it were at least six inches in diameter .
tr	NNS	The extraordinary colors the students exuded bore a stark contrast to the dark , glossy veneers of their automobiles .
tr	NN	My master 's degree in botany makes me pretty sure plants need wet dirt to grow in .
tr	NNS	Others had been alerted and were looking out the windows of the castle .
tr	NNS	The flakes were starting to settle on the ground , dotting the lifeless grass with small patches of white .
tr	NN	The galley was small , with only enough room for one person to move around .
tr	NN	Her fur was as black as midnight , her ears small and pointed , her body trim and compact but well muscled .
tr	NNS	Hands clear of your weapons . "
tr	NN	Love shook his head .
tr	NN	A raven hopped about on one of the youngest men , pecking away at his face .
tr	NNS	Shadowhunters didn 't cry much , even when they were eight .
tr	NN	" No meddling , " Holt confirmed after a long moment .
tr	NNS	Those suits , Leo assured him , were more expensive than the new car Leo had just bought his parents .
tr	NNS	The ripples of Renton 's suspension had found their way around the Three Rivers force very quickly and it provoked Gregory Watson to call his friend .
tr	NNS	The fine members of the Nassau Coliseum security force lined the court to ensure that the fans would not create a melee on the high-priced floor .
tr	NN	If it came down to it , the lead singer was a more important member of this band than I was .
tr	NNS	The suns will reflect off of it , and we might be able to signal a plane .
tr	NN	The bullet blasted into Donaldson 's chest , a direct hit to the heart .
tr	NN	The sun cross pendant gleamed at the base of her throat .
tr	NN	The only witness was a homeless man that lived in a cardboard box under the Lexington Street Bridge .
tr	NNS	Like all good highs there are consequences .
tr	NN	- Only a pinch of salt gives the taste for it beside the lettuce , the corn , the cucumber , the carrot and the radish .
tr	NNS	Words were echoing in Elena 's brain .
tr	NN	All that mattered was the sound of his breath .
tr	NN	A little bewildered at his attitude , Valerie didn 't know whether she was flattered or offended .
tr	NNS	The wolves were gathering in greater numbers and began growling louder while moving closer .
tr	NNS	" And what else do your sources say about me ? "
tr	NN	The weakness it left behind was debilitating .
tr	NN	Unlike the armour of the other officers , his breastplate shone and the chain mail was quite devoid of rust .
tr	NNS	" Now , word codes fall into several types , from simple to complex .
tr	NN	Did the witness tell you what he said ? "
tr	NN	A mild chuckle rumbled in his chest .
tr	NN	The determination in her eyes must have softened him .
tr	NNS	Our culture differences proved to be too contrasting for his liking .
tr	NNS	The changes are subtle .
tr	NNS	Words can 't make any of this feel better .
tr	NN	A briefcase was in his hand .
tr	NN	a crime scene tech ventured .
tr	NNS	Moses exclaimed as he and Lee made their way back to their lockers to grab their bags .
tr	NN	Unfortunately , the Playhouse merchandise wasn 't much of an improvement .
tr	NNS	Rats disappearing into the air was one thing , but rats dropping right towards his mouth was something else .
tr	NNS	Things done and over and made into part of the great tales are different .
tr	NN	" Which way is north ? "
tr	NNS	Blazing strands of lightning zigzagged across the night , offering brilliant glimpses of the cloud ceiling .
tr	NN	" No , " the maid called .
tr	NNS	The berries were just starting to ripen .
tr	NN	The back yard was a white sandy beach .
tr	NNS	Their minds won 't let them do anything else until they 've picked them all up . "
tr	NN	" A huge spider tried to attack us ! "
tr	NNS	The Armani suits he invariably wore added to his presence , too .
tr	NN	How 's the new hip ? "
tr	NN	The TV stopped on a golden oldies station .
tr	NN	" Yeah , " Jazz agreed .
tr	NN	Why did the castle seem more quiet than usual ?
tr	NNS	Up ahead , two Guardians came into view .
tr	NN	Only open seating was available on the back of the truck , with hard benches lined up on both sides to carry the workers .
tr	NNS	" Such brave talk !
tr	NNS	On the seventh afternoon , my worries finally get the best of me .
tr	NN	Zack and Mark 's fathers phoned the guard , and they are confiscating all student copies . "
tr	NN	Her mother 's curvy writing welcomed her as she moved closer to it .
tr	NN	Every time she released it , the doll would fall to the side .
tr	NN	Fortunately , the leader was also frightened by Vincent 's appearance and he stumbled back a few yards .
tr	NNS	Two different lighting technicians were up on the catwalks , collecting the gels from the lighting instruments that hung over the audience .
tr	NN	The redhead closed her eyes and hummed with contentment .
tr	NN	A term applied to atmosphere pressures .
tr	NNS	The energy blasts are so powerful they could probably destroy this airship if she wanted to .
tr	NN	There was absolute conviction in his voice , in his mind .
tr	NN	Now this association is a lie .
tr	NNS	Rio straightened , his face going tight , his nostrils flaring .
tr	NN	Part of Gansey felt guilty for botching Adam 's chances with her .
tr	NNS	Kevlar vests will keep the bullets from tearing into your body , but the impact will still leave a horrible bruise .
tr	NNS	There were two staff members , chatting while cleaning .
tr	NN	Her punctured bike lay in the garage and she hated walking .
tr	NNS	Suddenly , zombies swarmed our camp .
tr	NNS	She walked off toward the bedroom , examined the plaster ceilings and walls .
tr	NNS	Few rotting ghosts haunted the area and those who had made their way on some uncertain path through the undergrowth were despatched quickly and ruthlessly .
tr	NN	The convertible was a silver beauty , as sleek and dangerous as its owner .
tr	NN	Not the rogue vamps .
tr	NNS	Here , all the giant creatures of Gorn roamed free , they fought to survive and eventually they died .
tr	NNS	Eddy 's big breaks always had a way of falling to pieces before he could get his hands on them .
tr	NN	A large beetle sat upon his head .
tr	NNS	Others were reading the latest in fiction novels .
tr	NN	A plume of red sand erupted next to the Jeep and a machine gun with a rotating barrel rose quickly from the ground .
tr	NN	The visual standoff felt like an eternity .
tr	NN	" This arrangement isn 't going to work out . "
tr	NNS	" Gun shots , " Dent said , running in the direction of the sheep , yelling orders as he went .
tr	NNS	Take your chances with me , do however many tests you need to , but leave them out of it . "
tr	NN	" Don 't move , " advised the rebel .
tr	NNS	He grinned , his shackles rattling as he reached for her .
tr	NNS	Bottles and Mr. Myers could see there was an argument going on , but couldn 't hear .
tr	NN	This real y is your fault !
tr	NN	Reality stumbled back to my mind .
tr	NNS	The two warriors went back-to-back , sweeping the ground around them with fire to clear the debris . "
tr	NNS	The roads winding through the center of town were empty of all but a few souls mingling outside of the bars , smoking or talking loudly .
tr	NN	Then that boom swung away and left him and he walked on to find the next one .
tr	NNS	Lights stay on until piano comes in .
tr	NN	Rachel cried out , in fear as much as pain , every nerve in her jolted by his attack .
tr	NNS	Alexis just shook her head and smiled .
tr	NN	Trust me , Jackson 's stamina won 't fade with time . "
tr	NNS	The pilgrims left Mount Mary the following day packed with unforgettable spiritual experiences and new strength .
tr	NNS	Now Dangerous Beans turned to face him .
tr	NNS	The cousins were very relieved that their grandmother had been rescued .
tr	NN	" True , but at least our vote won 't cancel each other out . "
tr	NNS	# The flyers were ready and it was just a matter of walking back and taking them into the school .
tr	NNS	" Ouija boards don 't work . "
tr	NN	Copper was one of the few metals gentry could handle .
tr	NNS	Aris stared blankly into eyes the woman now raised to his in embarrassment , watched her rush to her table , then back with the promised towel .
tr	NN	" That witness has also confirmed the police report on what Herr Vogel was wearing that day .
tr	NNS	Many changes had taken place since I 'd come to Blossom Street .
tr	NNS	The documents being passed around the table outline the areas where we will do this .
tr	NN	The page whisked as he turned it .
tr	NNS	His fingernails dug into his palms .
tr	NN	Why did the warrior cross the road ?
tr	NN	If Ryder had feelings for me there was only one explanation for them .
tr	NN	" Cassie , " Adam 's grandmother said again .
tr	NNS	These characters never forget their heritage as the children of waste material , cast out from paradise and left adrift in the dark .
tr	NN	A gentleman didn 't soil his hands chasing criminals or investigating crimes .
tr	NN	Or rather my partner did -- he was first to discover them on the computer and told me . '
tr	NN	The visiting session was almost over , but Ben begged for the chance to speak with Eddy .
tr	NNS	Tiny ripples became miniature waves , shoved across the water by gusting wind .
tr	NN	There 's a new technique of sperm concentration .
tr	NN	" Every last brat will live !
tr	NNS	Images of Veronica had been haunting him .
tr	NN	" Every doughnut you see will look like it 's sprinkled with a heavenly dose of maggots .
tr	NN	The widow is getting ready to sell his collection .
tr	NNS	Even her flowing red locks , which normally towered over all others , began to fade from Brice 's sight .
tr	NN	Nineteen sixty-five was the year that every show on television changed from black and white to color .
tr	NN	Part of her wanted to ask how Rachel had acquired the cash , but another part of her felt it was better not knowing .
tr	NNS	What kind of people were my grandparents ?
tr	NNS	His binoculars now acted as an anchor and pulled him toward the lake bottom .
tr	NNS	Lights were on downstairs , casting yellow squares across the grass , but the back porch light was dark .
tr	NNS	Girls love that shit . "
tr	NN	The Dwarf followed the conversation intently , but did not nod or give acknowledgment .
tr	NN	Honesty , integrity , talent , genius .
tr	NN	There was a dank , narrow alley between the beauty shop and another bar .
tr	NNS	" The batteries just died , but it looks like it 's a little past two . "
tr	NNS	" Those Hollywood types are always little hobbits in real life .
tr	NN	Rather than thrill her , the vow worried her .
tr	NNS	Three rockets should have discharged , one after the other .
tr	NN	The hatch hissed open and he thrust her into it .
tr	NN	A gardener ran up and cleaned away the mess with a shovel , as if he had been waiting .
tr	NN	A huge snake slithers out of the water .
tr	NN	Veron 's regime was , finally , wiped off from the earth .
tr	NN	The Prophet scanned the dim afternoon clearing , searching for the one who had spoken .
tr	NN	Light and fire rained down from above even as you fled the Zinn 's caverns .
tr	NNS	White Panama hats adorned their beefy heads .
tr	NNS	Serge 's nostrils flared with anger .
tr	NNS	" There are three cameras in your cabin . "
tr	NNS	The worries that were nipping at his heels earlier returned with reinforcements .
tr	NNS	Several servants stood at attention , wearing powdered wigs and fine livery .
tr	NNS	He 'd never stopped to think there could be other scenarios , untold other possibilities lurking in the history of the Earth .
tr	NN	The steam I 'd managed to work up all evening as I 'd thought about having to work around Leif evaporated .
tr	NN	" I don , t like it .
tr	NNS	Things had become so complicated .
tr	NN	The cold liquid soothed his throat , going down smooth .
tr	NNS	Tris , this is my little brother , Hector . "
tr	NNS	Things were losing focus and she became dizzy .
tr	NNS	Your captains might find our talks enlightening . "
tr	NNS	What are the chances ? "
tr	NNS	There were always checks and balances of sorts .
tr	NN	A true knight would never mock his king . "
tr	NNS	That one spark of light stood out against the blue veil that lay across the desert night .
tr	NN	The mayor called for him and told him to pay the remaining money .
tr	NN	the captain asked the guards .
tr	NNS	The authorities never solved the crime .
tr	NNS	Lots of people came to the neighborhood just to see the changes .
tr	NNS	Things were just starting to get good again .
tr	NN	" My weakness , " I deliberate .
tr	NN	My grandmother , God rest her soul , had raised me well .
tr	NN	A Corporal manning the main console flipped a number of switches and within seconds General Meehan 's visage appeared upon the monitor , seemingly larger than life .
tr	NN	There was a twinkle in those ocean blue eyes .
tr	NNS	My travels will be quite extensive so I won 't be around much but I 'll have the Prophet fly you to meet us regular basis .
tr	NNS	The giant banks of stadium lights flashed on their artificial sunlight onto the field with several loud clicks .
tr	NNS	Our tongues collided , while my hands found her tiny waist .
tr	NN	The priest came out and waited on the steps .
tr	NN	Part of him still considered her some wonderful dream that he 'd soon awaken from .
tr	NN	The turret tore at the walls , annihilating everything in its path .
tr	NNS	Alexis expressed how sorry she was .
tr	NN	His compatriot Franz was equally pleased because he understood that these people appreciated fine machinery and would take good care of it .
tr	NNS	In the distance police sirens screamed like banshees in the night .
tr	NNS	There 's a huge ruckus in the kitchen , like a damn bomb went off .
tr	NN	The kitten was still standing there , tail swishing back and forth .
tr	NNS	The dangerous , insidious whispers from the emptiness of his soul reached out to him .
tr	NNS	Izzy scattered slivers of limestone with a playful kick .
tr	NNS	" And the hotels need a lot more of my time anyway , with my father gone . "
tr	NNS	The sirens were louder each moment .
tr	NNS	In any case , there are no funds left !
tr	NN	Ominous lightning flashed in the distance .
tr	NN	" My lord has finally decided to convert those heathens . "
tr	NN	The master stood in the center of the room and pointed to the forge .
tr	NNS	Her past actions did .
tr	NN	" Our polling unit never thought it would be this much of a disaster .
tr	NNS	Sometimes when something disturbs it , there are ripples that spread out , kind of like when you drop a rock into a pond .
tr	NNS	These gems , when strung together , began to paint a bleak picture .
tr	NN	" The latest death toll stands at fifteen thousand , and even the palace is short-handed . "
tr	NNS	Folks hereabouts hid in their cellars while that was goin ' on , let me tell you . "
tr	NNS	Their bionic additions are the only other mechanism of defense they have .
tr	NNS	Questions lead to answers that lead to questions .
tr	NN	His very posture was tense .
tr	NN	The bumper to bumper congestion imprisoned him as it always did in any drive beyond his neighborhood .
tr	NNS	The tests would reveal whether the haunting and attacks were due to hallucinations or underlying schizophrenia .
tr	NN	The traveler can take on all of these guys by his lonesome .
tr	NN	No doubt Penelope had felt just as used by him .
tr	NNS	" Things have changed a lot since I arrived .
tr	NN	Her childish innocence was so rarely to be found in other people .
tr	NNS	The paintings were hers .
tr	NN	" My grandmother died five years ago . "
tr	NN	" The police wil get this guy . "
tr	NN	The bike would roll for him as long as he didn 't straddle it and the motorcycle was within her energy range .
tr	NN	The treasure hunter hadn 't stood a chance trying it like he had .
tr	NN	A lamp is on near her bed that I assume is her night light , and I leave it on just in case .
tr	NNS	These Things Happen . '
tr	NN	The bike runs on demon energies ! "
tr	NNS	Soldiers will lead you up and over the hill , and you will finally get to meet your creator .
tr	NNS	By placing themselves within the vicinity of evil doings the suggestions to the answer will just appear .
tr	NN	the rider sitting behind me cries out in warning .
tr	NNS	Marius scrambled back onto the hood as the tire exploded , sending strips of rubber flying into the air .
tr	NNS	Words take too long .
tr	NNS	" Corporate headquarters just called here and apparently they have been contacted by New York 's finest requesting a driver identification of a silver Ford ? "
tr	NN	That lack of thought was the key to his anger .
tr	NNS	The pirates had decided chopping down the mast was a fitting punishment for attempting to flee .
tr	NNS	" No , Your Highness , I imagine your thoughts are spot on to its meaning . "
tr	NN	A sparkle catches my eye .
tr	NNS	" Your Highness , he is your King , and he has commanded it . "
tr	NN	His assistant Kit follows him .
tr	NNS	His paws slipped down rock face too smooth to hold onto .
tr	NN	The thrill of his body against mine brings my blood to a boil .
tr	NN	A bedside lamp was on .
tr	NNS	His kisses tended to make her mind go blank .
tr	NN	Last week , a bullet had gone through the window beside her head , shattering it , and bounced off her helmet .
tr	NN	The caller ID read : Terrance Graves .
tr	NNS	Those fees are bogus and once you close your accounts , they won 't have any right to charge you for them .
tr	NNS	The technicians glanced uneasily at one another .
tr	NN	Of course , the melting looks she kept sending at Mike would have thawed things if they 'd been directed at me .
tr	NNS	Questions flooded her mind .
tr	NN	The gargoyle touched his fingers to his lips in a gesture of appreciation .
tr	NN	The purple colored liquid has hit the wall , the floor , the couch , the couple on the next sofa , and me .
tr	NN	But the odious liquid had no more than touched her lips when she spit it out .
tr	NN	The sheriff gave the signal and the submerged truck jerked hard almost knocking off the man on the cable .
tr	NNS	Others may have been ashamed of this , but Ethan was not .
tr	NNS	Even the facade 's dimensions seemed to be correct .
tr	NNS	The rats would infest , and probably defend , any spot that stayed above the coming waters .
tr	NNS	The major cable news networks beamed Russo 's comments and Christ 's announcement around the world but not everyone considered Jesus the darling of their parties .
tr	NN	Still , the crazy glint that entered his eyes made her shiver .
tr	NNS	Many werewolves begin their transformation , the sound of bones popping out of joints resonating throughout the forest like the echo of the snapping twig .
tr	NN	" Thy captain hath given thee work on thy ships .
tr	NNS	The edges of the shadowy figure wavered like a reflection on water , ripples of darkness running up and down .
tr	NN	When Danny started secondary school , his outlook to fighting changed immediately with the discovery of two things ; gangs and consequence .
tr	NN	A small pond , edged with wildflowers and green grass , sat in the middle of the clearing .
tr	NNS	Waves tumbled over his forehead , brushing the graceful arches of his brows .
tr	NNS	The fans disengaged , and a door at the opposite end of the chamber slid open .
tr	NN	His body tensed , his shield flared then swelled to encompass the entire gathering .
tr	NN	The dwarf took up his tablet , and said , " Let me show you what I found .
tr	NN	Plus , a high school degree is worth a lot . "
tr	NN	The angel cocked her head .
tr	NNS	The actors each grabbed a bag and the small party started to climb the mountain .
tr	NNS	Things inside me have to be different .
tr	NNS	But his efforts were worthless .
tr	NNS	Your breeches are already ... " As his smile deepened , Sarah felt the words lock in her throat .
tr	NNS	Sadness tightened his chest .
tr	NNS	Our two ghosts are Sir Horace and Edmund .
tr	NNS	Images of light played in Finder 's palms .
tr	NNS	Moses was seriously thinking of threatening the boy to get more information , but just then Rosy walked around the corner of the house .
tr	NNS	Only a few inches of water covered it .
tr	NNS	Two more shots came down on the Earth heavy .
tr	NN	Ely 's mate was crying , clinging to Ely in joy .
tr	NNS	Cars swerved as he moved from one to another .
tr	NN	A maid swung around , alarm in her eyes .
tr	NN	The van turned around in the next road we came to , and then headed back east to the centre of Sleaford .
tr	NNS	Werewolves do not float .
tr	NNS	Her fake tits pressed against him .
tr	NN	" Could extreme PTSD diminish one 's capacity for reasonable thought ? "
tr	NN	The crown raises its own army now .
tr	NN	The lead supervisor finally released the last volley .
tr	NNS	The search and rescue efforts are working from there , and it 's the closest major hospital . "
tr	NNS	His footsteps creaked on the old boards as he climbed the stairs , but he heard no response from above .
tr	NNS	Dorian 's colleagues looked cute in their new clothes .
tr	NN	" Who 's the water elemental who killed Antonio ? "
tr	NN	A shriek jerks me from my memories .
tr	NN	Not too dainty to try what hobbit tastes like if there ain 't no fish , I 'll wager C supposing as he could catch us napping .
tr	NN	" He is not alone at present , " the wary warrior explained .
tr	NNS	The signs of her aroused body had been staring him in the face , making it even harder to leave her room .
tr	NNS	The legends of a man with antlers who rode on a hunt across France , never resting in one place , are likely to originate with him .
tr	NN	Spanish point lace edged his hat , and the most wonderful white plumes swept over his shoulder .
tr	NN	" and my daddy comes home later .
tr	NN	" There is proof you see , Cabrera said he has it , but that he is keeping it hidden from the empire . "
tr	NN	The baron stood , placing his hand on his sword pommel .
tr	NNS	Things were perfect , after all .
tr	NN	A cold trickle of fear began to ooze down my spine .
tr	NN	The cargo compartment was still half empty which suited him just fine .
tr	NNS	When the stars were at their brightest , the travelers passed through a field of marijuana .
tr	NNS	The pirates nearest him stepped backwards , leaving him to sprawl on the snow covered wooden planking .
tr	NNS	Things seemed the same : Buddy was still ignoring her .
tr	NN	There was no legend or message amongst the contents .
tr	NN	A fiery ache for her spread through his whole body .
tr	NNS	My nostrils still flared with every breath .
tr	NN	Her teacher took a long look at him .
tr	NNS	A hundred arcs of lights sprouting from his body -- darting to those who were captured .
tr	NNS	Their birthdays are next weekend .
tr	NN	There was a multitude of little animals that had been transported , ready to fight and awaiting final orders before the big battle .
tr	NN	The sheen of sweat on his face said he had run , and the edges of his shirt untucked said he had already been assaulted .
tr	NNS	The two homicide detectives who responded to the call that night remember the case very well .
tr	NNS	Old healers used to use it .
tr	NNS	" No non-family members allowed . "
tr	NN	The swirling haze of magic swelled at their feet , and they faded into the mist .
tr	NN	A few minutes later , Love ambled back over to where Stuart was once again leaning against the Mini .
tr	NN	Love in its definition isn 't about a strong feeling towards someone , but an action .
tr	NN	The stag pranced nervously , and I felt the presence of someone else on its other side .
tr	NN	Part of her heart still ached for him .
tr	NN	There was a twinkle in John 's eye .
tr	NN	Her tin was ... Gone , she realized , coming to .
tr	NN	There was a respectful rap on the door .
tr	NNS	The technicians wheel him over to a cylindrical machine .
tr	NN	So , their reunion would have to wait .
tr	NNS	The screens showed what the cameras saw , and the cameras were in every room of every home .
tr	NN	The cylindrical design will allow the EMP to have a much more narrow range than the other EMP . "
tr	NNS	The helicopter shots picked up no sound , but clearly he and Angelina were having an enthusiastic conversation as they strolled down the trail .
tr	NNS	Birds and insects were feeding off them .
tr	NN	My uncle greets us .
tr	NN	Her h * ps surged toward him , and she could scarcely refrain from climbing over onto his lap .
tr	NNS	Two more shots rang out , both bullets struck near , but neither he nor Juanita was wounded .
tr	NNS	A dozen green frogs leapt onto her arm and clung with their sticky webbed feet .
tr	NN	The presentation quickly went from bad humor to boredom .
tr	NNS	Moses felt obliged to pedal with the brigade to the man 's house , but he refrained from actually starting the ﬁre .
tr	NNS	Our mothers entered the room as one unit , smiling and beaming at each other .
tr	NNS	Because the police and ambulance sirens have been going off for the past half hour .
tr	NNS	My ladies , I must ask . "
tr	NN	The aged bourbon left a trail of fire as it slid down to his stomach .
tr	NNS	Alexis watched the man walk away .
tr	NN	The blue square must have been part of some sort of speaker system .
tr	NN	My other hand blindly paws the air for support and I make contact with Storm 's elbow .
tr	NN	The plantation seemed darker in the night after the blinding flash .
tr	NN	Chapter Twenty Light Drive Early morning in L.A. , a thin layer of orange smog lies over the city like a suspended vat of pollen .
tr	NNS	But the leaders thought this was best , and were they not the most able of their society ?
tr	NNS	Sirens wailed and two patrol cars pulled up next to the horses .
tr	NNS	More forbidden nectar that he was about to try for the first time .
tr	NN	The ease of it all made me laugh .
tr	NN	Chance donned a pair of driving gloves .
tr	NNS	White ghosts of fog billowed toward the keep and the people in its path .
tr	NNS	His sandals were of different make and there was a large patch on one leg of his trousers .
tr	NN	" That hunter wanted you awfully bad .
tr	NN	" I real y didn 't mean to rat you out . "
tr	NNS	" But actions hurt worse and your actions have hurt not only me , but the entire family . "
tr	NNS	Hands so warm they had to be his brushed wet hair from my cheeks .
tr	NN	There 's an old lodge on the outskirts of the estate .
tr	NN	The goblin howled , throwing up his arms to protect himself .
tr	NNS	But my journeys into her past , although few , have brought me closer to her than even her own sister had been .
tr	NNS	Looks like she 's the kind who can hold a grudge for a very long time . "
tr	NNS	Don 't get me wrong , my travels haven 't left me unscathed and yes , I have seen folks killed .
tr	NNS	Past the gates was a bridge over a narrow ravine .
tr	NNS	Or something dreadful has happened .
tr	NN	The target audience was my students , who are learning English as a second language .
tr	NNS	Everywhere I look around here , there are ghosts taunting me .
tr	NN	Love watched as Stuart slipped the photos inside his pocket .
tr	NN	Throwing the glass back , the warm liquid tingled my throat and chest as it settled in my gut .
tr	NN	But every avenue he tried , every method he used , led only to uncertainty .
tr	NNS	Sadly , the provisions on the rail turned out to be wretchedly inferior .
tr	NNS	Her pupils were dark pools , mesmerizing and endless .
tr	NNS	Things began to become clear , even to me , " Was she the one at the bar when we met ? "
tr	NNS	Elegant floral designs made out of an orange flower paste , called henna , wrapped their right arms from finger tips to shoulder blades .
tr	NNS	If Drake already knew where Barry was located , the chances were more than good that it was far too late to save him .
tr	NNS	Waves of dark hair spilled around her face and down her shoulders .
tr	NNS	Animals that are prey in Otherworld .
tr	NN	The same woman Thayer had caught him with on the night of Sutton 's death .
tr	NN	A little spark went through me .
tr	NNS	Things that would have his brothers thinking he 'd lost his goddamn mind .
tr	NN	There 's a spark between them .
tr	NN	My bookcase is all yours . "
tr	NNS	Other vampire freaks aren 't so normal .
tr	NN	The squad halted at this motion , and the two in front angled their guns up at his face .
tr	NN	For a brief moment a red haze clouded his vision , his protective urges drowned out the rest of Julian 's words .
tr	NN	The bard resumed his strumming .
tr	NN	The author is the professor of Art History who arranged to get these paintings here . "
tr	NN	The master said to him , Wandering decree and wandering book , have you now , and now enough have took !
tr	NNS	All those images were like photos snapping in my mind .
tr	NN	In an instant , the entire colony changed color , from green to red .
tr	NN	My defense still needed work , but against these mutts it was enough .
tr	NN	The archer fingers the arrow that is also a knife .
tr	NNS	In the far distance what looked like a cloud shadow on the earth suddenly split and moved in two directions with unnatural speed .
tr	NNS	" What are the chances that they 'll be given the death penalty ? "
tr	NN	The landlord turned , disappearing into another hallway .
tr	NN	The stupidity of his logic caused me to grind my teeth together .
tr	NNS	The first colors of evening streaked across the sky ; deep orange mixed with faint purple .
tr	NNS	Tiny figures , also bronze , sat on it somewhat like chess pieces .
tr	NN	Started at five , but , frankly , the market is a bit soft right now . "
tr	NNS	I will not lie to you , the chances of this are very slim .
tr	NN	The caller spoke before he could .
tr	NNS	There were a dozen exits , and when we left the interstate , none of them would have this much traffic .
tr	NN	One wayward noisy moan and they could have guns whipping out left and right .
tr	NN	Sweet Dove had her trapped in pain .
tr	NNS	Its talons dug into the branch , its legs flexed and it dove into the air .
tr	NN	The young colony has been suffering raids on its incoming and outgoing cargo vessels .
tr	NNS	Shouts and screams from downstairs caused Brooke to shift gears .
tr	NNS	Such legends have a different origin and nothing to do with us .
tr	NNS	The media in India anyway was having a good time as literacy and purchasing power were growing much higher than the population growth rate .
tr	NN	" My fan mail . "
tr	NN	The chief priest pulled his hood over his head .
tr	NNS	Gramps chimed in , " Love is life .
tr	NNS	At once her starving organs soaked it up like a healing balm .
tr	NNS	Romulus said , glancing at the shovels uneasily .
tr	NNS	The hills roll for miles ; green , flourishing , dotted with trees and hikers .
tr	NNS	Kris seemed not to notice the newcomer spotting the items , yet as if reading his mind he spoke .
tr	NNS	The torches are no longer guiding our way , and the tunnel is completely black .
tr	NN	The dragon turned his back .
tr	NNS	The old shores would not note the death of one old writer .
tr	NNS	The suns vanished behind a burgundy veil .
tr	NN	The dark knight , catching sight of her , turned and sneered , and an instant later he charged at Stella .
tr	NN	This environment was too threatening , and Benson reacted to threats with attack .
tr	NNS	The shapeshifters distrusted the outsiders , and I was the only employee of the Atlanta chapter of the Order who enjoyed Friend of the Pack status .
tr	NNS	* * * Lord Hamish roused his best men before the two suns rose .
tr	NN	Love made you tell the truth , even when you didn 't want to .
tr	NN	A slight blush crept up Darren 's neck .
tr	NNS	Aris paused , and for a second Thomas thought the conversation might be over already , but then he continued .
tr	NN	Callum 's protective instinct for Sonia was immeasurable .
tr	NN	The sparkle of her eyes spoke of her excitement even as she tried to pout .
tr	NNS	Thoughts drifted into my mind , and I wondered what I 'd do if Jack opened the door and turned me away .
tr	NNS	Myles couldn 't imagine Vivian associated with any of that .
tr	NN	The backyard seemed empty except for its usual heap of junked car parts .
tr	NNS	An air mattress rests upon the ground in the small room .
tr	NN	His secretary and two tellers were in the conference room with him , collating a mailer that included the report .
tr	NN	The jaguar ignored the tiresome bloodsuckers , which were attracted by her warmth and the open wound on her left flank .
tr	NNS	More warriors came forward and shouted the same words .
tr	NNS	The old Mercedes was in the garage .
tr	NNS	Looks like a real troublemaker .
tr	NN	A wheezing giggle puffed out his cheeks .
tr	NNS	Those villagers growing the burritos would never find her here .
tr	NNS	Suddenly , my surroundings change , my cozy kitchen turns into a hallowed hall , cold and desolate , waves of fear crash over me .
tr	NN	The pup grumbled and howled in conversational tones .
tr	NN	The air conditioning came on with a gust of cold air , and my skin burst into goosebumps .
tr	NNS	The whores are coming .
tr	NNS	The ladies behind the counter giggled again .
tr	NNS	But you know , there are always consequences to every action . "
tr	NNS	The fumes and ash hasn 't hurt us .
tr	NN	Behind the wire mesh was a sizeable alcove , within which sat the drive mechanism for the cable cars .
tr	NN	Work at the factory had mostly prepared my body and now the military is taking care of my mind .
tr	NN	Part of me didn 't like that she was there .
tr	NNS	Her movements were economical and precise .
tr	NNS	Lots of country songs did .
tr	NN	Her other option was pepper spray .
tr	NN	And a heavy thud sounded as he hit the floor , his sword flying out of his hand .
tr	NN	" You shouldn 't be here , " the student agreed .
tr	NN	For example , today , Kevin teacher taught introductions .
tr	NN	" Even a guardian can 't work miracles . "
tr	NN	My attire doesn 't change or make who I am .
tr	NNS	Five more tentacles splayed out in all directions , their positions on the body constantly changing .
tr	NN	Apparently his urges weren 't merely subconscious .
tr	NN	The bullet slipped between two of the protective plates of his vest and struck him in the armpit .
tr	NN	the butcher questioned upon seeing Timmy .
tr	NNS	Small animated objects , yes , but this , this was incredible .
tr	NNS	The fans cheered like Teamsters at a strike rally , and Burn took its first commercial break of the night .
tr	NNS	I was naked from the waist down , his silk boxers long removed .
tr	NN	Your obligation tripped all over a man I consider a brother .
tr	NNS	These films were never worth paying much attention to .
tr	NNS	" That the mortal freaks and their ilk stand on the brink of destruction .
tr	NN	The air conditioning clicks on .
tr	NN	The transport set down near an all too familiar site for Anakin Skywalker .
tr	NNS	" Good morning , fellow campers , how are we today ? "
tr	NN	" He 's got the money , " said the captain .
tr	NN	The trick is to find out how to make it yours . "
tr	NN	My uncle was a great baritone . "
tr	NNS	Several additions along with modernized utilities helped the home grow into a rather large , historical house .
tr	NN	As the night wore on , the Dark seemed to retreat from you on the ground , leaving an increasing degree of visibility in its wake .
tr	NN	The hidden canyon had plenty of room for the horse to move about to evade a mountain lion , should one threaten him .
tr	NN	" The electricity is out too . "
tr	NNS	Her eyelids fluttered and her vision dimmed .
tr	NNS	" But there are security cameras installed behind the visors of the helmets .
tr	NN	The barricade that looked like a solid wall of steel suddenly parted .
tr	NN	He could still see the evil smile on the Roman 's face , feel the agony of his torture .
tr	NN	Part of her wanted to encourage him to tell them all to shove it and live his own life .
tr	NN	Then , rustling began in the ferns .
tr	NN	Only the pale werewolf was lingering .
tr	NNS	With their little rough tongues , the cats lapped up pooling blood before it could congeal in the dirt .
tr	NNS	Looks like the post man had a whole truck coming in for us . "
tr	NNS	" There are many mysteries about these stones . "
tr	NN	Part of her wanted to slap Arik for dragging her into this while another wanted to run as far away as she could .
tr	NN	Though the day was cool , a fine sheen of sweat covered Reyes 's face and chest .
tr	NN	So why was the opera playing out on a barge on the river ?
tr	NNS	Hands dropped to her shoulders .
tr	NN	" I 'm not just a boy , " said the Apprentice haughtily .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , Lea 's classmates were not as passive as her parents .
tr	NN	The werewolf gave what appeared to be a sad shake of his head .
tr	NN	Chance rose , standing to his full , impressive height .
tr	NNS	The teens ' sobs slowed and they closed their eyes in silent prayer .
tr	NNS	" My energy levels are fine for the moment , although my thanks are true .
tr	NNS	His movements are magnetic .
tr	NN	But the theory is , or was , that sometimes a person can be a kind of , well , match with another person .
tr	NN	Her cottage is a lot of work with that big garden . "
tr	NN	Any good pilot would do so automatically , and there was nothing secret about his aircraft , as far as civilians were concerned .
tr	NN	Part of it 's my own fault .
tr	NN	' But St Katherine 's ... ' ' Think about it , ' Love said , and flicked open the file on Carol Butterfield .
tr	NNS	The dead werewolves were slowly shifting back into their human forms .
tr	NN	The tape binding him loosened as he turned his tissue into fuel , growing skinny and frail .
tr	NN	Part of our plan is to stop the South from getting materials to prosecute the war .
tr	NN	Beneath your skin lies a creation of great wonder . "
tr	NNS	She punched him , your Highness , ' He said hurriedly as Dorcas tried to help him .
tr	NN	The Dweller pilot was ready , just as they 'd planned .
tr	NN	Who was this intruder that would interrupt them ?
tr	NN	" There is a clearing below the Fortress .
tr	NN	" My coven has been practicing real magic for ninety-three years now .
tr	NNS	The chants vibrated with the renewed purpose of protecting her against the evil that hid in the storm .
tr	NNS	The other detectives were starting to talk .
tr	NN	The maid was brave .
tr	NN	Everywhere they touched , layer upon layer of new ice formed .
tr	NNS	Alexis tried not to show any emotion .
tr	NN	There was a twinkle in his eye when he replied .
tr	NNS	Her movements are slow , but sure .
tr	NN	A muffled click and the trunk arched open .
tr	NNS	Dogs is dogs and women turn out to be dogs , too . "
tr	NN	The bot doesn 't even look up .
tr	NNS	My suggestions did seem to have made a difference , which baffled me .
tr	NN	But your debt is greater .
tr	NN	The shoreline had vanished beneath a tempestuous blizzard covering the shore and mountains in a maelstrom of white .
tr	NNS	The countess ushered the two dark-haired soldiers to the door .
tr	NNS	The three woman creatures backed away from me and walked over to the bed .
tr	NN	Even as my cousin defiantly stood her ground , my stepmother shook her head sadly .
tr	NN	The same leader asks , " I thought the Siberian tiger that lives in the snow was the white tiger ? "
tr	NNS	The media also tried to cover the burgeoning movement as straight news , but even that didn 't go very well .
tr	NNS	The police sirens blared , as the two vehicles were shot through the streets like bullets heading for an unknown target .
tr	NNS	There were four rows of stalls , for a total of twenty-four .
tr	NNS	Her credit cards would bear only so much .
tr	NN	So the werewolf stood , lifting the young man up by his feet .
tr	NN	The madness was rushing through me , a raging river that I could barely control .
tr	NN	The amber liquid lay still as a pond in each .
tr	NNS	On the way back they must have been riding so low the wheel wells were probably scraping the tires .
tr	NNS	Would the Supernatural creatures give them a chance ?
tr	NNS	Looks like a black jacket .
tr	NN	A scouring of the cupboards succeeded in making me hungrier , but I still didn 't find something I wanted to munch on .
tr	NN	The second tentacle appeared , splashing up through the hatch .
tr	NN	Either the top layer of his skin had turned to dust , or he 'd been liberally powdered with something .
tr	NN	Margaret 's kerosene lantern kept flaring .
tr	NN	Evidently the notion of making things up as they went along had never occurred to them .
tr	NN	His release shot out of him , right into her hands .
tr	NN	The diary inside would keep me safe .
tr	NN	Both Storm and Calvin had by then faced her .
tr	NNS	Theatre technicians fixed things as quickly as they could .
tr	NN	The pedestal stood where the innermost ring of stones had been .
tr	NN	A metal snake of a nose extended from its front , drooping to the floor , the red bulb at its end now lifeless .
tr	NNS	The PODS scans confirmed that .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately for Keita , her Magick skills were basic .
tr	NN	The one landing they made included horses which were used to break through our outer defense lines with a rapid charge . "
tr	NNS	" The headaches will pass . "
tr	NNS	My classes were going well .
tr	NNS	Cars roared by , but no bus .
tr	NNS	Words were useless if they didn 't match her experience .
tr	NN	A spark seemed to have shot out from the very center of her brain .
tr	NN	The Sphinx stood leaning against the Foosball table .
tr	NN	" Uh , well , there isn 't a precedent for this .
tr	NN	" Who 's attacking ? "
tr	NNS	Two flashlights clicked on in the distance .
tr	NNS	Thankfully , the three other captains had left .
tr	NNS	The mech wolves remained silent , trying to comprehend the situation with their dull minds .
tr	NN	Milk is high in calcium , and Butterfinger is in the Bible . "
tr	NN	Her pulse began an unsteady beat .
tr	NN	Surprisingly my gentleman of a horse surreptitiously remembered his baser instincts and began to display himself in front of everyone .
tr	NNS	" What might those privileges entail ? "
tr	NN	The terminal continued accessing information through silver threads linking him to disturbing visions of boyhood .
tr	NNS	" Things aren 't always what they seem . "
tr	NN	There was even a relic of the true Cross , on which Jesus Christ had supposedly been crucified .
tr	NNS	The brilliant , shiny boards contrasted sharply with the unpainted ones at the corner .
tr	NN	The unicorn peered nervously into it before recoiling with a startled cry .
tr	NNS	The Spanish countess smiled at both of them .
tr	NNS	Looks like Blaine just crossed one serious line .
tr	NNS	Things could get ugly . "
tr	NNS	Thoughts are backing up in my mind , crashing into each other as the knots of panic tie off reason .
tr	NNS	The dark mass of her thick hair was bunched up high over her head , the long strands spilling down all around her .
tr	NN	The sector would have to do something about us if they did .
tr	NNS	The deep , crystalline colors from above projected patterns across tables and people , creating an impressive atmosphere , yet making it difﬁcult to distinguish faces .
tr	NNS	Then there was Moses .
tr	NNS	Small piercings in each nipple were also evident through the thin cotton shirt that clung to him .
tr	NN	The afternoon sun shone on a sign hanging from the blackened oak beams of a timber framed building .
tr	NNS	He looks hard as he sits there alone , the planes and angles of his face made pronounced by the dim light .
tr	NN	The hospice told me his father had died , and Tom must have wandered off somewhere , leaving his brother to deal with everything .
tr	NNS	Instead of nostrils at the end of its face , this creature 's nostrils were on the bottom side of its throat .
tr	NNS	" Jesus Murphy , these murders were maybe fifteen , twenty years apart !
tr	NN	His technique is brilliant .
tr	NN	" That urn contains half of your friend 's soul .
tr	NNS	The gates to the chateau were still a quarter mile down the road .
tr	NNS	The actual contents always turned out to be something a bit garish and costing $ 5.99 .
tr	NNS	Words laced with pain , but resolute .
tr	NN	" I bet you do , " said the troll .
tr	NNS	His future girlfriends will thank me . "
tr	NNS	" The coaches are in the yard , Mister Vimes ! "
tr	NN	The leader of the pack , Carlos , topped a rise at full speed .
tr	NN	Any gravel that had once been dumped here had long ago burrowed into the dirt .
tr	NNS	The four captains had expected no less from him and used the time between the 1880 election and the March 1881 inauguration to prepare .
tr	NN	Part of me hated him for his callous treatment , but the rest of me still missed him so much it hurt .
tr	NNS	My organs practically liquidate and melt down my sides .
tr	NN	The fourteen-year-old choked up higher on the baseball bat and got into position , waiting for the next pitch .
tr	NNS	" The witnesses saw the beast take four bullets .
tr	NNS	And how will the cards read ? " "
tr	NNS	There really were thousands of them .
tr	NNS	Huge and imposing , the gates towered above her , impeding her escape .
tr	NN	A teardrop fell from my chin to land on his back , and he flinched .
tr	NN	Her daddy was right .
tr	NNS	" The generations of my family who were forced into factory work or power plants or whatever just because the Caesar said so . "
tr	NNS	All along the roads are open fields .
tr	NN	A crash sprang from somewhere behind her .
tr	NNS	Still , these new recruits can serve us the front line defense against these potential kidnappings in our neighborhoods .
tr	NN	His thick Birmingham accent seemed more pronounced as he kept his voice down .
tr	NNS	All fingernails are present and are painted black ; the nail polish is chipped and nearly gone .
tr	NNS	" There are thousands down there , Lily !
tr	NNS	Hopefully the currents will dissipate most of it . '
tr	NN	A golden glint caught my attention .
tr	NNS	His pupils peered around the cluttered space .
tr	NN	The carpet snags my bare feet .
tr	NN	You ' l find her at the end of the third aisle .
tr	NNS	Our work schedules , particularly his , made quality time hard to come by , but the time we did have was definitely memorable .
tr	NN	Chance had been her father 's chief of security .
tr	NN	But gradually , as my muscles began to adjust , the discomfort ebbed away .
tr	NN	The bearded hunter went on to tell the others how Northern Island was destroyed .
tr	NN	The rebellion thought they were still gathering information and planning their offensive .
tr	NN	That bastard was screwing the Fenton bitch !
tr	NNS	His instincts were excellent .
tr	NN	Ghost shifted so her sleek bulk rested against my lounge chair , a show of support .
tr	NNS	The other vampire covens have made it clear that they are uniting and gearing up for an attack .
tr	NN	The stock market and his piece of it were growing .
tr	NN	The acid didn 't make a dint .
tr	NNS	Valerius smiled cruelly , then turned to face her .
tr	NN	the goon beside Vel asks .
tr	NNS	Facial expressions and gestures were the key to understanding her .
tr	NN	Your grandmother , " she looked into the window but didn 't see the old woman , " she 's too weak to travel .
tr	NN	His open mouth gooey with mashed potatoes , he said , " Yuh ha ' to . "
tr	NN	His torso was mangled and the back of his skull fractured in two places .
tr	NN	Their routine was a tag team , Barry doing the graphics , Harry with the pointer , two professors at the lectern .
tr	NN	The trailer served as an office , and he knew that if the keys were to be found , that was where he would find them .
tr	NN	" Man Child , your flesh is weak .
tr	NN	The police captain would have to be a lot more specific about whom he thought I 'd murdered .
tr	NNS	Things had certainly taken a turn for the increasingly bad and appeared to be speeding downhill at an accelerated rate .
tr	NN	A classic lapse of good sense , " I grumbled .
tr	NNS	Already images of what the King could do were rushing through my head , sending chills up my spine . '
tr	NN	Did he have a gambling habit or something that we weren 't aware of ? "
tr	NN	Every nerve in her body was shouting for her to run but she couldn 't move .
tr	NN	A tapping on his shoulder startled him .
tr	NN	" Where 's the commander ? "
tr	NN	A steel ram could batter them for days with no effect , and the swords of the finest Knights Ferrous in the Realm would shatter upon them .
tr	NN	The television was on .
tr	NNS	" Personality differences , I guess .
tr	NNS	" There were only ten members of the drama club .
tr	NN	A loud crash sounded behind us , and a boy in a blue hoodie jumped through a broken window .
tr	NNS	The first few attempts were only marginally successful , but eventually he found one that worked rather well .
tr	NNS	The facts were right in front of my face .
tr	NNS	The whirring blades of a helicopter echo in the distance , and I turn toward it , shielding my eyes from the blazing sun .
tr	NN	His unmistakable charm oozing from every pore while she laughed loudly at whatever he 'd just said .
tr	NN	She looks around , pulse elevated and panting .
tr	NNS	The nurses kept going on about how it was a miracle I recovered like that .
tr	NN	The homing instinct is strange phenomenon , of which zoologists are only starting to scratch the surface .
tr	NN	As far as he was concerned , his secretary had overstepped the boundaries of what he considered her duties .
tr	NN	His dragon eyes a pale , watery blue .
tr	NN	The pure white cotton monogrammed robe hung just above his knees .
tr	NN	To a man who made her heart race and her palms sweat .
tr	NN	There was a sickening thud when the hunter skidded , headfirst , into a brick wall .
tr	NNS	" The markings hold me in . "
tr	NN	Occasionally , a rogue has brought the hunters down upon us , bringing danger to us all . "
tr	NNS	" Your new colleagues don 't like me because I 'm a thing from the rift . "
tr	NN	The Mog 's stamina didn 't quit until sunrise .
tr	NNS	Bugs had collected everywhere .
tr	NNS	Others were sobbing as they walked out the door .
tr	NNS	The two couples were lying on the floor - they had evidently been deafened by the blast .
tr	NN	His head tilted , the lightning reflected in the silver sheen of his eyes .
tr	NNS	From here , the wolves looked less menacing and more entertaining .
tr	NN	As a result , the colony sat along rich farmland but would have starved if it had not been able to import food from France . "
tr	NNS	There were dents in the door , about waist high .
tr	NNS	Things can 't possibly get worse .
tr	NNS	There were no security cameras anywhere .
tr	NN	Dave 's attorney advised him that they would be free to go with another lender if Zurich chose to stop funding .
tr	NNS	The concepts had transported themselves ahead and stood in a group , awaiting Hugo .
tr	NN	Where does your grandmother live ?
tr	NN	" And of course Karl was wearing neither such protective device .
tr	NNS	Love is a risk , there are no guarantees .
tr	NN	" Ok , best we get back to work or we 'll have nothing to serve to our guest for dinner ! "
tr	NNS	Her footsteps sounded behind her as she walked down the hall .
tr	NNS	Amid sailing icons and an Ivy League diploma , requisite bookshelves had the requisite books .
tr	NNS	Reapers were in the city , fanning out , trying to surround them .
tr	NN	" And then the sheriff was there , and the chance was gone . "
tr	NN	Jazz told Willa , brushing free of MiMi 's hold .
tr	NNS	His thumbs worked through the hair above his ears , over and over , the knuckles white .
tr	NNS	" Things will work out , Matthew .
tr	NNS	The servants opened a chest that stored Sadie 's hair accessories .
tr	NN	The clown coughed and straightened his costume .
tr	NN	A professional working environment was crucial for angels to be effective in their jobs .
tr	NN	My grandmother always swore I was born with a bow in my hands . "
tr	NN	Her h * ps bucked and her head thrashed as sensations crashed over and into her .
tr	NNS	The edges of my vision went dark , and in that moment , something inside me shut down .
tr	NN	Then the bastard clamped cuffs on her wrists and chained her arms to the bedpost .
tr	NN	' Her sympathy cost her both her child and her life together .
tr	NN	There was no other explanation she could think of .
tr	NNS	There are restrictions in place that limit unauthorized movement about the country . "
tr	NN	As we start toward him , a van pulls around the store , and another comes from the other side .
tr	NN	My pulse skyrocketed when his palms slid up my calves to push apart my knees .
tr	NN	his partner suddenly asked .
tr	NN	The cops ' re comin ' ! "
tr	NNS	Three more figures crested that same ridge then , and my relief faded .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids flew open and she found herself staring at Joe .
tr	NN	His diary only describes the first days of the killings .
tr	NN	Glen 's puff of an orgasm came soon .
tr	NN	With a bow the footman turned to leave the room .
tr	NN	The redhead held up her clipboard .
tr	NNS	His associates report he 's been missing since early Wednesday . "
tr	NNS	Dr. Patterson 's colleagues will fly in to attend ... " Toni was hysterical when Dr. Keller showed the story to her .
tr	NNS	" There are switches that control thick , metal doors that slide into place over the regular ones .
tr	NNS	The dwarves chimed in on the next few choruses .
tr	NN	" The electricity must have gone out . "
tr	NN	" This gentleman just wanted a haircut .
tr	NNS	Moses cried and nodded his head .
tr	NNS	" About a hundred paces is the limit .
tr	NN	The only release from his torment would be to behead him .
tr	NN	A turkey , roasted to golden perfection , rested on a huge oval platter at the far end of the table for Oliver 's father to carve .
tr	NNS	But preliminary experiments are not a requirement for a grant application .
tr	NN	" Your hunger radiates from you , and your weakness could place all of us in jeopardy . "
tr	NN	The operation had lasted too many hours to count , but the wait wasn 't over .
tr	NN	The quantum theory sapped your energy .
tr	NNS	The domes lit up brightest of all , with searchlights that penetrated the rapidly darkening sky , diffusing in the roof above in a splash of colors .
tr	NN	My lack of response was the answer she expected .
tr	NNS	Several villagers made the sign of the cross and fell to their knees .
tr	NNS	Moses had met the young man , who was probably four years older than he was , countless times before and knew right where to go .
tr	NN	A few more minutes , Lily , Ryland encouraged her .
tr	NNS	The authorities are wise to that .
tr	NN	A horrid , bumbling sound came from the demon 's throat and he gave a sudden shudder .
tr	NN	This parchment is your proof should you ever desire to reveal yourself as heir .
tr	NN	He scratched his head , recovered a brown twig of dead cedar .
tr	NNS	Convenience stores and fast food restaurants had been added , as well as a Super Walmart .
tr	NNS	Soldiers carrying lances nodded to her in respect .
tr	NN	Sure enough a veil dropped across Josh 's face and his eyes lost their sharp focus .
tr	NN	Each pen produced a slightly different effect .
tr	NNS	Reyes released him slowly , then rose to his feet .
tr	NNS	The goblins liked their partners either bold as brass or demure .
tr	NN	The smells he now could decipher made his mouth water but also calmed his temper slightly .
tr	NNS	Muscles beneath her palms contracted into a sheet of pure metal .
tr	NNS	There were these tunnels that led off in every direction .
tr	NN	The intruder was about to pass out of view as he approached the side of the bed .
tr	NN	Another orgasm hit her , taking her off guard .
tr	NN	A small wisp of smoke was rising from his trousers .
tr	NNS	Thankfully , my girlfriends were there , and they made it a bit easier for me to fall asleep .
tr	NNS	No Questions Asked By : Joseph Estevez Lucas Keys had never in his life looked so beautiful and yet so dreadful .
tr	NNS	" Her clients don 't understand her half the time , and she can 't help them because she never remembers what she says . "
tr	NNS	The pills should take effect in about two weeks .
tr	NNS	Besides my boobs are shy and they were a bit embarrassed by all the attention .
tr	NN	The government called it growing pains .
tr	NN	" Our arrangement stands .
tr	NNS	For a while the goblins could go no further and their bodies piled up in mounds around the ridge .
tr	NN	Day 9 Morning comes a lot sooner than I want it to .
tr	NNS	Had Julian 's activities over the past two centuries fueled those rumors ?
tr	NNS	Flowers and bunny rabbits , too .
tr	NNS	" My apologies , Captain Craig , I did not mean to offend and as always , I do regret the Panama incident .
tr	NN	" My partner , Luis , is still sleeping .
tr	NNS	Sirens wailed in the distance .
tr	NNS	Looks like scavengers have been at his hands and face .
tr	NNS	The ladies instantly brightened up .
tr	NN	There was a clattering of dice and some pieces changed position on the board .
tr	NN	The gas swallowed it and spat out another fireball .
tr	NN	The medic forced a smile .
tr	NNS	Some couples started dancing listlessly .
tr	NNS	Romulus came to an abrupt halt in front of a dead oak tree growing in the middle of a thicket of bushes .
tr	NN	Each long stroke brings his face closer , my back arching further and further .
tr	NN	A gentleman should never sit in a lady 's presence without asking her to sit first .
tr	NNS	Romulus grunted in agreement .
tr	NNS	Cars were braking and screeching below .
tr	NNS	Hands grabbed at him , milling and jostling .
tr	NNS	His braces were extra squeaky this morning , sometimes drawing a piercing cringe from Chewy to protect his ears .
tr	NNS	Still the dwarves jogged on , never turning round or taking any notice of the hobbit .
tr	NN	The hunt was still busy , and they were still lost in the magic of it .
tr	NN	Another similar celebration is Mother of God of Montserrat , on the 27th of April .
tr	NN	His barely intelligible grunt of no helps me relax a little more fully on top of him .
tr	NN	The demand was imperious ; she felt his black rage beating in her head .
tr	NNS	Other supernatural creatures , like the ones Thane entertained , would have been unable to visit otherwise .
tr	NN	" No kidding Einstein ! "
tr	NN	Feel Lisa ; her pulse is strong . "
tr	NNS	Lancaster curses and starts fumbling with the checkpoint receiver on the dash -- it 's gone black .
tr	NNS	The spires of the castle wound towards the sky , each window lighted by a soft yellow glow .
tr	NN	During this course , a bard came into the centre of the Hall and began to pluck his instrument .
tr	NNS	" Where are those thousands now ? "
tr	NN	" A powder my body produces just for you . "
tr	NNS	Camouflage jackets hung on hooks , helmets above , jungle boots below .
tr	NN	Part of Serenity thought she should stay quiet ; some stupid part of her hoping Madeline might have gone or forgotten about her .
tr	NN	The maid , freed from her mistress 's painful hold , tried to go for my eyes with her nails .
tr	NN	Part of his final project for this school year was to write an essay on diversity .
tr	NNS	Several servants completed the picture .
tr	NN	" A big stupid smelly jerk . "
tr	NN	All over this anarchy , and covering even those things that had been carefully tended to , there was a sheen of dust .
tr	NNS	Others barter with him to accomplish tasks they 're afraid to do themselves . "
tr	NN	His indifference hurt now .
tr	NN	" Ok , but one of these days you need to get back out there .
tr	NN	The tease of her navel , drawing up and circling the taught nipple that beckoned me .
tr	NNS	Behind the two lovers is a sunset with lots of red and orange hues reflecting off the water .
tr	NN	All at once the stern lurched , and the houseboat slid off the bank the Sea Ray surged forward forcing me to kill the engines .
tr	NNS	" Things will be better .
tr	NNS	But the colors used in the watercolor only accented the mauve decor of the office .
tr	NN	" Cupid 's dart carries quite a sting . "
tr	NN	The crunching thud of footsteps serrated the silence and pulled Mariah from her thoughts .
tr	NNS	The Officials have cameras on the streets .
tr	NNS	Images charge me ; hit me so hard I almost fall down .
tr	NN	Thinking of ways to make him suffer was how I got through those first few weeks .
tr	NNS	God knows , clerks had eliminated their nasty bosses often enough , and had been hanged often enough for it in the public square .
tr	NN	The beetle started the first time .
tr	NN	Honest to God , the sheriff thanked me for finding the bodies .
tr	NNS	On the left side of the road , coyotes appeared in the Impala 's headlights , gaunt , running loosely in packs , eyes red and glaring .
tr	NN	The mountain of misery on my desk just keeps piling higher .
tr	NN	The paperback had ended up on the floor , and my fingertips dangled above it .
tr	NNS	The fairies kept feasting , swaying back and forth on the power lines in a drunken stupor .
tr	NN	According to the notes , the slide held a saliva sample from the bite mark on Sheriff Stephenson .
tr	NNS	My eyelids were too heavy to open but the space around us -- presumably still the ICU was quiet .
tr	NNS	Soon enough though , the gates opened .
tr	NN	Terror filled her eyes .
tr	NN	As the news continued to stream images of the crowd gathering around the hospital , one video showed the building 's back entrance .
tr	NN	There was one overhead fluorescent lamp and no windows .
tr	NN	When I breathed I tasted all the winter decay , the sweet rotten leaves and pulped wood that lay under the ice outside .
tr	NN	" Your weakness sickens me , brother . "
tr	NN	From across the garage came a blood-curdling howl .
tr	NN	However , the creature 's momentum drove Abraham into the ground .
tr	NNS	The footsteps he 'd heard a moment ago stopped .
tr	NN	The airport is but part of this new community and is the world 's largest passenger and cargo hub . "
tr	NNS	Her pupils expanded , black consuming blue , and he knew she understood .
tr	NNS	The winds picked up .
tr	NNS	Playing Wii sports wasn 't going to cut it .
tr	NNS	" Others enjoy being swept off their feet . "
tr	NNS	The images died too , when everything in the Alliances went into massive blackouts .
tr	NN	Part of winning against your opponent is knowing your enemy .
tr	NN	A low wheeze hissed from Trey .
tr	NNS	The roads weren 't plowed half the time and very dangerous in the winter when they became icy .
tr	NN	one warrior yelled and they all cheered again .
tr	NNS	The cameras were also quite expensive ; therefore , the Council provided them and had them installed .
tr	NN	The sheriff can 't order him about as he pleases . "
tr	NN	" That werewolf could have killed you long before that idiot and his men got inside . "
tr	NNS	Words eluded him so instead he drew out the map Gator had given him .
tr	NNS	The shots might not penetrate .
tr	NN	But there was no mistaking the face that had haunted her dreams since that day in the mountain 's heart .
tr	NNS	The first three rows of soldiers clutched their heads , clenching and bowing over in agony .
tr	NN	Physical proof of their existence in human hands would be dangerous to their entire race .
tr	NN	A weariness overtakes me .
tr	NN	" Well , Reuben , I don , t see why that matters .
tr	NNS	Our best teachers are infants .
tr	NNS	There were racks of dresses everywhere , nearly overwhelming the large room .
tr	NNS	One hundred twelve trillion , to Kenneth , didn 't seem like enough .
tr	NNS	Her notebooks she hesitated over .
tr	NNS	Once again , the facts didn 't add up .
tr	NN	" A gentleman came into the shop and purchased two ash black candles . "
tr	NNS	For a moment , his hopes rose again .
tr	NNS	Already hundreds of thousands of refugees were pouring into Canada .
tr	NNS	And their deaths didn 't make her a Day Soldier .
tr	NNS	Things start to go really quickly from this point .
tr	NN	An angry goddess who is going to want everyone 's head over this .
tr	NNS	Myles tapped his fingers on the desk while he tried to decide .
tr	NNS	Only sect leaders knew their locations .
tr	NNS	Then its jaws started to work again .
tr	NNS	A few local fans bought me a few shots and I gladly accepted .
tr	NNS	Alexis followed the bellboy to her room , as he carried her bags .
tr	NNS	The tunnels led to our enemies .
tr	NNS	Sadness prevailed , and tears escaped my eyes .
tr	NNS	" The whispers are fading . "
tr	NNS	The mech wolves remained in place , however .
tr	NNS	Early arrivals already seated in the bleachers looked back .
tr	NNS	The emptiness of being alone hit Wil hard on that fateful day in November .
tr	NNS	Girls at school would not recognize this Doug .
tr	NNS	But the drugs coursing through her brain had a magical power .
tr	NN	History has a strange way of unfolding . "
tr	NNS	The yearning wetness between her legs drove her to do as he told her .
tr	NN	The farther they moved away from the entrance , the darker it got .
tr	NN	In the parched conditions , this daily trickle of drinking water was the difference between life and death in the desert heat .
tr	NNS	" And why would the wolves be inside my clinic ? "
tr	NN	" Maybe the benefit won 't be as boring as I thought .
tr	NN	The lightning was out of the bottle .
tr	NNS	The strands were all out of his way exposing her sweet neck .
tr	NNS	The prickles on the back of his neck said otherwise .
tr	NNS	Those images were in her head , and Jane couldn 't get them out .
tr	NNS	The black blades met with a ringing crash and my knees quivered with the impact .
tr	NNS	Maybe the wolves are a better choice after all , no matter what they intend to do with me .
tr	NN	No , the bullet hit dead center .
tr	NNS	Police sirens echoed in the distance , and then the silence resumed .
tr	NNS	" Who are the mermaids ? "
tr	NNS	But dark urges gripped her .
tr	NNS	The vivid greens are a humbling sight for someone so accustomed to the decay of Castle Town .
tr	NN	Love stepped back to allow Sophie to get in first .
tr	NNS	The images vanished into a swirl of darkness .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of family always brought her to tears if not full-fledged weeping .
tr	NNS	The three goons stopped .
tr	NN	Storm drew a breath , unaware he 'd been holding his .
tr	NN	A soft blush highlighted the freckles on her cheeks .
tr	NNS	All seven zombies were still in pursuit and Melody was alarmed at just how close they were behind her .
tr	NNS	Two shadowy figures sat behind the tinted windshield .
tr	NN	The guilt descended upon her like an avalanche .
tr	NNS	Reyes knew that well .
tr	NN	Once everything is tallied , the winner is red , black and white .
tr	NNS	The fierce winds sounded like millions of animals crying out at once .
tr	NNS	The suits were hot and cold at the same time .
tr	NNS	His clients were the nervous ones -- he was cool and collected .
tr	NN	Hel , I ' l come in for the rest of my life .
tr	NNS	Her jaws opened , and she muttered some inarticulate sounds , while a grin wrinkled her cheeks .
tr	NNS	Things at stake are not trifle .
tr	NN	The leader pulls on the left chord and begins to head east .
tr	NNS	" His personal writings make that relatively clear .
tr	NNS	In the 2008 election , the candidates focused in the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and the economy .
tr	NN	By the time she regained her orientation , the cougar was already charging .
tr	NN	The tiniest dimple pokes his cheek .
tr	NNS	Strange icy prickles shot across her skin .
tr	NN	" The itch to do things like that never fades though .
tr	NNS	Myles noticed this exchange and squeezed her hand .
tr	NNS	Here in the south and central Dreamscape , however , pirates had to discreetly hide their contraband on Apathy .
tr	NN	Her resolve to continue working through her illness was weakening and she was now beginning to question that decision .
tr	NNS	Her diplomatic skills were far better than his were and she saw things with a much clearer mind .
tr	NNS	Chills went down her spine as she heard the sexy timber of Gray 's voice on the other end .
tr	NN	My grandmother , God rest her soul , had raised me well .
tr	NN	His arrival terminated their caucus by providing their consensus .
tr	NNS	Others who have been freed from their dull humanity with all the skill our chemists have at their disposal .
tr	NN	Ten feet away , at the fork , the hound hesitated .
tr	NN	As they ran there was a clatter of something falling on to the tarmac surface .
tr	NNS	Precious metals and stones gleamed from the uncut rock .
tr	NNS	There are other wolves in town . "
tr	NN	Part of her shouted a resounding yes .
tr	NN	That condition became justification ( it didn 't take much ) for another round of sharing , though this one briefer and calmer .
tr	NNS	The stakes really were high .
tr	NNS	With each answered question , that strangeness was becoming all the more apparent .
tr	NNS	Plus , there are other damages .
tr	NN	My father-in-law is ... different . "
tr	NNS	While the vamps might follow him blindly , the wolves never would .
tr	NNS	The elves apparently did not need rest which proved to be unfortunate for him since now he had to feign being tired the further they marched .
tr	NN	The training exercise was over .
tr	NNS	The nuns would have despaired of me completely if I hadn 't sounded so ' angelic ' when I sang in the choir . "
tr	NNS	Samantha 's cheerfulness caught me off guard .
tr	NNS	Her instincts shouted that he 'd told her the truth .
tr	NNS	Your scales are my armor .
tr	NNS	Images of the Creeper and the Lurker went through Jenny 's mind .
tr	NN	A fresh stab of pain shot through her , and she called herself all kinds of fool .
tr	NNS	There were a few paintings hung about and a vase , attached to a low table , boasted a stunning bouquet of fresh spring flowers .
tr	NNS	The concepts looked at each other for approval of the idea .
tr	NNS	" Sure we can hide you , " all three lizards said simultaneously .
tr	NN	The courtroom was practically empty when Michael touched her arm .
tr	NN	The ride 's operator waited for Mike to exit before extending his hand and helping Carly from the car .
tr	NN	The commander now bowed before Heather and spoke , saying , " Our people also have a legend of your arrival .
tr	NN	The worthless little bastard had failed him .
tr	NNS	Bad eggs , every last one of them , " he said , looking at me like he was trying to drive a message home .
tr	NNS	Things went from bad to worse .
tr	NN	The bounty hunter works tirelessly , crawling deeper and deeper into the fissure to work .
tr	NNS	Girls wouldn 't put up with this .
tr	NNS	Dirt presses into my face as my whole body crashes to the ground .
tr	NNS	" No , the legends are quite clear .
tr	NN	The " no " option was always open and I knew that .
tr	NN	' Our analysis says otherwise .
tr	NNS	In the objects too , those silent witnesses , apparently so neutral and indifferent but in reality barbed with memories .
tr	NN	Their footman had discreetly followed their progress across the lobby and had carefully passed them at the doorway to deliver their invitation to the announcer .
tr	NNS	But her instincts told her it was something different to the patients .
tr	NNS	Before he could even swallow , the tiny pills had completely dissolved and almost seemed to disappear .
tr	NN	Was there extra royal icing where there would be concrete fortification ?
tr	NN	" Yes , they are down near the lake drafting up the battle plan for tonight 's attack , " the elder replied in an uneasy tone .
tr	NNS	And where were the other two gunmen ?
tr	NNS	There were dual suns .
tr	NN	Her teacher glanced in the mirror at her .
tr	NN	' His outline looks silver . '
tr	NN	The new Mahayana concept of the Buddha paved the way for concepts such as divine grace and ongoing revelation that are nowhere to be found in Theravada .
tr	NNS	Things were getting grim .
tr	NN	The inability to share one 's own world belonged to the past .
tr	NN	A low growl ripped through my throat .
tr	NNS	In the 1960s , the Congo mercenaries had had an ironic rule : " Don 't leave home . "
tr	NN	The slave helped the wraith fill the syringe with half the combined blood .
tr	NN	" The agent tell you that well 's inclined to go dry in summer ? "
tr	NNS	" Those intelligence chips are very accurate .
tr	NN	" Or lack of it , " Sheila added .
tr	NN	Her stiff posture and the stoicism in her face told him she found the idea of sleeping with him about as appealing as facing a firing squad .
tr	NN	Lust speared right to his c * ck as he envisioned the scene laid out in his mind .
tr	NNS	Those images woke me out of sleep all the time , and I 'd be damned if there 'd ever be a repeat of those events .
tr	NN	Dana glanced at Marianne Gorman , then looked Sime Lombardo square in the eye .
tr	NN	The circular locking mechanism spins into life and the door thunders open .
tr	NN	And the cart was responding , grinding to a halt and lurching off balance .
tr	NN	Could the lightning be causing it ? "
tr	NN	Final adjustment would ensure that everything was as it should be .
tr	NNS	All characters and storylines are the properties of the author and your support and respect is appreciated .
tr	NN	The estate was nearly settled , every penny of the Antonelli 's money transferred to an account for the girl .
tr	NN	Looking up , the bard saw Hal hard-pressed to keep up with the flickering attacks of the remaining two men that he faced .
tr	NN	For some reason , Lyn 's explanation just felt right .
tr	NNS	Sadness rose up in Lexi , and before she knew it , she was crying , too .
tr	NN	The entire metabolic progression was there , from intake to absorption .
tr	NNS	" The burgers are good . "
tr	NN	The dragon didn 't seem to have noticed any change .
tr	NNS	The mattress lay directly on the padded floor .
tr	NN	" Otherwise folk wouldn 't have nobody to look down on .
tr	NN	The network is working with us to create Watchdog : NYC .
tr	NN	One sweet gentleman used a walker ; almost all of them had handicapped parking stickers .
tr	NNS	" There are rivals to the Order here .
tr	NNS	Looks like it 'll cost me , but finally , I caught a break .
tr	NNS	Images of his own body parts scattered over the lake bed flashed through his mind .
tr	NNS	" With no tangible tie to your lands , the Yew magic users would have no way to maintain the enchantment over such a long distance . "
tr	NNS	Thus the cousins set off in pursuit of the Turks .
tr	NNS	The monster 's nostrils flared .
tr	NN	The drug lord turned and walked out of the building .
tr	NNS	There were two master bedroom suites , one in each wing , in addition to two other bedrooms , each with their own bathroom .
tr	NN	" Calm down , " the leader spoke , and Kylie sensed he spoke to her as well as to his own men .
tr	NNS	His captains and his queen all fell to their knees in unison , for they would not dishonor their lord by standing taller than he .
tr	NN	It seems to be a mile post , a reference point to help me keep my sanity .
tr	NNS	But then all businessmen are like that , ruthless and emotionless .
tr	NN	When I left home , my budget couldn 't support those kinds of tastes , but I missed the food . "
tr	NN	What wil happen to this company if Grant decides to leave ?
tr	NNS	Savoring the tasty food slowly when we get it , our stomachs are full and our hearts content when we leave .
tr	NNS	Her shots stopped and I heard footsteps running , but I stayed put .
tr	NN	The miracle is that we notice .
tr	NNS	Elias edged away from the cell .
tr	NN	Part of her wanted to run down the stairs , fling herself into his arms and be comforted .
tr	NNS	My numerous attempts to direct it seemed useless .
tr	NNS	Abby glanced out the window , her hopes dashed .
tr	NNS	Once again , there were no signs of any men in black .
tr	NNS	The dwarves cannot press us , unless we will , or do anything that we cannot mark .
tr	NNS	Not many wolves have supernatural powers .
tr	NNS	And believe me , there are other critters out there in the piney woods . "
tr	NN	o The trap swung shut .
tr	NNS	" Their torches appear in the darkness behind us . "
tr	NN	The poster advertising the movie was pretty vague on what it was about .
tr	NN	A Death Boss ! "
tr	NN	Arabic medicine is the medicine of the Islamic world , not just the Arabs .
tr	NN	The blue garbage can was always on the right and the brown on the left , and the thief had reversed them .
tr	NNS	The satellites will be enough , for now . "
tr	NN	" A pit waits on the other side of it . "
tr	NNS	Bitter wind gusts from the north scattered leaves in all directions .
tr	NNS	The deaths themselves were disgusting and horrifying .
tr	NNS	More goblins were coming out from the camp .
tr	NNS	Marius said something in Russian and there was a crack of knuckles against bone , followed by a heavy thud .
tr	NN	Okay , where 's the disinfectant ? "
tr	NNS	Shouts come from behind me , and I hear the sound of Dham 's bells .
tr	NNS	There were no calluses or old scars .
tr	NNS	Henry texts back : Carter got trashed and made out with freshman from lunch .
tr	NN	And alternative , non-traditional medicine is very much in fashion now . "
tr	NNS	He groaned deep , and his fingers thrust again , his movements ragged .
tr	NNS	The shouts subsided after a few seconds and the elder continued .
tr	NN	An era with no disease , no war , no rich or poor , no -- " " No humans at all .
tr	NNS	Images I cannot grasp are spinning out of control around me .
tr	NN	" What equipment breakdown ? "
tr	NNS	" The Others are Druid ? "
tr	NNS	Dark , brown spots covered his smooth , bald head .
tr	NN	What was their function ? "
tr	NN	The other angel grimaced .
tr	NNS	There aren 't any weddings scheduled until September . "
tr	NN	" Has your routine changed in the last week ? "
tr	NNS	Things had changed when she started seeing Shaw , although the transition had been gradual .
tr	NN	The most obvious contradiction is that in the Gospel of John , Jesus is resurrected on Saturday , where in the other Gospels it is on Sunday .
tr	NNS	Marius kicked Bastian 's ankle , hard .
tr	NN	The discovery and later investigations of it are hardly secret , and I might have known and forgotten .
tr	NNS	My credit cards won 't work . "
tr	NNS	There are also copper bits , worth a quarter of a copper , and silver bits , worth half a silver .
tr	NN	My profound apologies . "
tr	NNS	No mysteries left to satiate our curiosity , no thoughts yet to be thought , no dreams that have not been dreamed .
tr	NN	The warrior slowed his dance and stopped .
tr	NN	The troll had lifted the sheets off Joey and moved his legs over the side of the bed .
tr	NNS	Likewise , there are these areas found in enchanted forests , where benevolent and malevolent trees intermingle .
tr	NN	Now the entire castle looks down on us in a brooding silence .
tr	NN	The only value it has is what people make of it . "
tr	NNS	Next to him , Professor Lyall 's footsteps paused one infinitesimal minute .
tr	NNS	There are a few critters that leave behind ectoplasm .
tr	NN	The interruption came from the quiet figure of Meatball , still seated behind them .
tr	NNS	The seats will stun the occupants if they are individuals you don 't like or someone attempting to steal it .
tr	NNS	Things went very quiet in spite of the river noisily flowing over rocks .
tr	NN	Her lack of artifice brought a lump to his throat .
tr	NNS	There were colors , like a normal aura had .
tr	NNS	There were a thousand nerve cells in the space of a millimeter .
tr	NNS	The clean and white pressed uniforms the chef insisted on showed up soiled and smelly .
tr	NN	CHAPTER 11 " Give us another round , " an overweight thug yelled from a booth in the corner of a downtown pub .
tr	NN	There is his education .
tr	NN	That know-it-all glint shone in her eyes .
tr	NN	" The Storm Dragons !
tr	NN	Jazz sounded steady and cheerful ; she didn 't feel that way .
tr	NN	The entry ended there .
tr	NN	However , an extension of them I don 't desire . '
tr	NN	Her wing of F-16 recruits had worked hard for the past seven months .
tr	NNS	No bathing suit areas involved . "
tr	NN	Every instinct in her body told her she had to get out of this .
tr	NN	A sailing to America was always a major event in this remote corner of Scotland .
tr	NNS	Two seals are standing near him , waiting to be fed .
tr	NNS	How did their minds come back ? "
tr	NNS	My eyelids drooped so I wound the cab 's window down a few inches allowing fingers of cold air to keep me awake .
tr	NNS	His teeth scraped together , his nostrils flaring .
tr	NNS	Things she didn 't want to think about but knew would be necessary to get them out of here .
tr	NN	The robe was bulky and too big , so it completely disguised her figure .
tr	NN	The brown-haired Shadowhunter darted hastily away from Jace , who turned , already knowing what he would see .
tr	NNS	Things are changing rapidly . "
tr	NN	Meanwhile ... The hunter was still in the rocks .
tr	NNS	" Oh , my apologies , " she said .
tr	NN	A roar answered from outside , a huge howl of pain and anger that made the whole room shudder .
tr	NNS	Makes sense when you think about it . "
tr	NNS	There 's no second chances .
tr	NN	The trick was to detach .
tr	NN	Chance pulled out his phone .
tr	NNS	The bright yellow and red colors and silvery appliances were beautiful .
tr	NNS	The erratic movements of his body ceased .
tr	NNS	" Where are the paintings now ? "
tr	NNS	The cliffs stood before him .
tr	NN	An elderly Chinese gentleman greeted Nolan as if he were a long-lost relative .
tr	NNS	There were no streetlights out here and the houses were a good distance apart ; each sat on a plot of land of at least two acres .
tr	NN	Our marathon watching weekends were full of fun , laughter and drama .
tr	NNS	There were relatively many creatures near their location , so they dug the trenches .
tr	NNS	" Some tigers will forget their training and attack using their instincts . "
tr	NNS	" But legends say you are . "
tr	NN	Love slowed the car and changed down a gear as he approached a parked lorry in front of him .
tr	NN	His first pitch was not too fast , but poor Bo was already shaking by the time the ball crossed home plate .
tr	NN	Your uncle in Jersey City would 've had to call you and tell you your mother was dead . "
tr	NNS	The other captains were not so fortunate for many of them fell or were trodden upon .
tr	NN	Love wandered over to a corner of the space behind which was a large and comfortable glass partitioned office .
tr	NN	But regardless of what Kelly said , her inability to find love had nothing to do with Nate .
tr	NN	The only real asset was my computer , and I couldn 't give that up .
tr	NNS	Until that point , with conservation and careful production , the internal functions of the ship should subsist for countless generations .
tr	NN	If he did , the bastard would shoot him with whatever he 'd used on the lions .
tr	NNS	Images of Maddie popped into my mind , her final look of terror staring back at me , punching me in the gut over and over .
tr	NN	The notion of going back to New York hasn 't entered my mind .
tr	NNS	Fine silver chandeliers hung from the ceiling .
tr	NNS	Days later , after he has recovered further , Timothy emails Amelia : Amelia , Things have been tough for me here lately .
tr	NNS	Its contents beckoned her for a reason she couldn 't even begin to understand .
tr	NN	Anyway , her great , great , grandmother was a freaky looking version of Ms. Richards , but I swear I 've seen her somewhere before .
tr	NNS	And the authorities have cracked down on manufacturing over the past 20 years -- home inspections for meth houses , regulations for buying cold medicine .
tr	NN	" Vincenzo was a loyal man , " the priest declared , clutching a Bible to his chest as he stood behind the casket .
tr	NN	" And the medicine pouch ? "
tr	NNS	Screams tore through the woods behind him .
tr	NN	" Only two can ride with us , " the head EMT was saying to Mr. Fields .
tr	NN	Nonetheless , Dr. Pollock 's theory still seemed like a stretch .
tr	NNS	" Who are these members and what exactly are the benefits you alluded to ? "
tr	NN	" A bit fucking pathetic if you ask me . "
tr	NNS	But these accusations within him would not relent , even when he turned his face away .
tr	NNS	Things don 't look bad , but this is getting monotonous and I can 't wait to carry her head back to Master .
tr	NNS	His instincts in that part of the game were infallible .
tr	NN	Her orgasm squeezed around him , harder and harder in a velvet vise .
tr	NN	" Part of my job is to talk to everyone . "
tr	NN	Ken 's inquiry sounded mild enough .
tr	NN	After an hour the tank came to a stop and Richard woke to find Matt looking out of the hatch back towards the city .
tr	NN	Sadly , she admitted , " Your duke is a man of barely passable looks . "
tr	NNS	His boldness spoke of vast experience and self-confidence with women , something that put her at a disadvantage .
tr	NNS	His kisses stream through my mind like a slideshow , causing my stomach to bottom out like I 'm on a roller coaster .
tr	NN	And there was a sonorous timbre to his voice .
tr	NNS	Looks like they folded their tents . "
tr	NN	Military aid in any form to a foreign government or entity will be illegal .
tr	NNS	" Things would have been different .
tr	NN	The trio came to the table .
tr	NNS	My eyelids drooped heavily as I leaned against the center island , my day ahead and all that I 'd learned in Pennsylvania weighing on my mind .
tr	NN	Wedding gown had several expensive gems that sparkled as Thalia strolled to the altar .
tr	NNS	Your actions and his response make me hopeful for the first time since our transformation that maybe we can work together to end some of this nightmare .
tr	NNS	Her pupils had dilated so much by now that they had nearly pushed all the blue from her eyes .
tr	NNS	They were yellow and then blue and then red , the colours changing as Jared watched transfixed .
tr	NN	By the time the first responders arrived on Masada , the gas was already inert . "
tr	NN	There was a chorus of agreement .
tr	NN	At this point , my vote is either tumor or space alien testing .
tr	NN	The trailer was alive with small feet running back and forth .
tr	NNS	From the darkness beyond came wisps of smoke .
tr	NNS	These drinks couldn 't have cost twenty-five dollars apiece , even with a big tip added on .
tr	NNS	" My apologies , Miss Ralston , " he whispered , when they reached her front door .
tr	NNS	Several locks of wavy dark brown hair tumbled over his forehead .
tr	NN	Just like that , the ease I 'd felt earlier disappeared , and my breaths came too shallow .
tr	NN	Then , a lilting giggle sounded from around the corner .
tr	NNS	Large signs forbade multiple booth occupants and self-abuse , and a sort of menu described each film .
tr	NNS	" So where are all the gadgets and interesting things I can have a go of ? "
tr	NN	What other human emotions would their leader unleash ?
tr	NNS	" Well , my calculations were a few percent off , the pull stronger than I thought , but we are out and it worked .
tr	NNS	Behind us , hills becoming mountains .
tr	NN	A tyrant walked these same halls and brought the magic that ran through my people 's blood to near extinction .
tr	NNS	All four jewels must never be in the same place at once .
tr	NN	But , strangely , the behemoth in the centre of the vault was quiet .
tr	NNS	Other bloodlines fed on fear , or anger , and that last one I 'd managed to find on my own .
tr	NNS	Her movements were stiff with fatigue , but sharp with determination .
tr	NN	The second exchange had linked them , and he could read her all too easily .
tr	NNS	" However , ages later , we escaped , and strategies for further strife were shaped .
tr	NNS	The depths of his concern for me would be bliss if the situation were as simple as he thought it was .
tr	NN	The teacher did not believe he was done and asked to look at his work .
tr	NN	The ramp drew up and the cargo door swung down forming a tight seal .
tr	NN	There was a rustling of sheets .
tr	NNS	There are probably thousands of zombies buried right now that would be walking around if they could get to the surface . "
tr	NNS	Real historical figures are only as real as the representations of them , passed down through the centuries .
tr	NN	So much luxury for one person felt very lonely .
tr	NN	The nearest street lamp was half a block away so the blue and crimson strobing lights offered the main source of illumination .
tr	NNS	There are even cases where our liking conflicts with our charity towards the person we like .
tr	NN	A nervous blush warmed her cheeks .
tr	NNS	However , the blasts seemed to be clear of us ... as if they were trying to avoid hitting us .
tr	NN	" The soup looks good . "
tr	NN	His scrubbing also revealed a few letters and glimpses of designs carved into the coins .
tr	NNS	Its warm fluids poured down Arn 's parched throat .
tr	NNS	The wipers were working overtime and I peered out into the watery gloom for the turning .
tr	NNS	The puppets relaxed and smiled once more .
tr	NNS	The chances of Alejo surviving this next encounter with the Khan were slim .
tr	NN	" The illness has taken hold of his spirit .
tr	NNS	Had all Koki 's efforts been just to humiliate him ?
tr	NN	Never had it caused this gnawing , aching need and heady desire .
tr	NN	Their great stature badly hidden underneath the primitive clothes , even the children are perfect , not like real humans at all . "
tr	NN	And by the way , the hunt for the vigilante went pretty bad . "
tr	NNS	Their jaws dropped in unison .
tr	NN	Your employer is a cannibal . "
tr	NNS	There were two ugly creatures standing beside him , twice as tall as him , and they were looking intensely at Nameless Andrew .
tr	NN	The operation had now survived into its 10th year , and there was no reason why it wouldn 't reach another decade .
tr	NN	" Not a sound , " the redhead threatened .
tr	NN	The gleam in his eyes was wild , this time he was going for the killing blow .
tr	NN	Every single inch of his body ached .
tr	NN	Almost instantly , another orgasm catapulted me to the stars , this one stronger than the last .
tr	NN	The lieutenant steps towards him and releases his hand off the holstered weapon .
tr	NNS	Those amazing , beautiful colors flow through the widening rift , singing sweetly .
tr	NN	The ghoul manages to pull its leg free , lumbering toward Rift as its movements continue in slow motion .
tr	NNS	Things were bad for me , at that time .
tr	NNS	The twins and I had been celebrating something or other the night before .
tr	NN	The gray-haired secretary was rocking a Brigitte Bardot hairstyle and a bright pink sweater .
tr	NNS	The simple solutions Roni posed would enable them to be together .
tr	NN	The captain flogged Cisco like an animal .
tr	NN	The landlord could see the heads moving .
tr	NN	The liquid slid down the back of her throat , the taste both tingly and dry .
tr	NNS	My companions came to a halt beside me , and I met Jasmine 's gaze .
tr	NNS	" Where are your girlfriends ? "
tr	NN	Behind them , a growled bark echoed up from the first floor .
tr	NN	Again , the dragon bellowed .
tr	NN	There was a purple bruise from her left temple down across her cheek .
tr	NNS	Then there were the jail cells .
tr	NN	Only a person burning tin could penetrate the mists and see them shining .
tr	NN	And the contract with the ad agency in Sioux Falls wasn 't due to start up until December .
tr	NN	This growl erupted from Vaughn .
tr	NN	the short , blonde haired student continued .
tr	NNS	The passengers quickly departed the limousine for their six hour flight to the bunker site .
tr	NN	On this side the womb is barren and the marriages cold .
tr	NNS	" There are several security cameras around the building , and outside .
tr	NN	The dark liquid hissed as it shot out in translucent shards .
tr	NNS	But if the facts about the diamond ore and the petroglyphs became known , who might know where it would end ?
tr	NNS	Plus the documents on Ray 's computer show joint ownership of all of his assets . "
tr	NNS	Words hold no value when you 've used them your whole life to hurt people rather than heal them .
tr	NNS	Four bars equals twenty .
tr	NN	The fragrance is the hope ; the tinting of your lips is the vision of our hope taking wings .
tr	NN	The tribe will see and we will be mated .
tr	NN	A dark black bruise circled the skin of her wrist .
tr	NNS	The teachers mentored her .
tr	NN	My savior stared down at him , his jaw working .
tr	NNS	" Our coins are pellets . "
tr	NNS	Lily 's nostrils flared .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids are drooping , she makes many mistakes , and I trill often : You need to sleep .
tr	NNS	Things her ex-husband had told her were bad .
tr	NNS	" The pills must have stayed in the first lion 's bloodstream .
tr	NNS	Thoughts slipped away as he drove her deep into a world where worries didn 't exist .
tr	NN	My Liana was still there , conscious even as that monster took over her body .
tr	NNS	Lights flared up top , along with shadowy movement from within .
tr	NN	The energy shield was invincible ; still , it did not bode well .
tr	NN	Sex and jet lag kept them asleep until four .
tr	NNS	Lives depended on me .
tr	NN	Storm clenched his teeth before he spoke again .
tr	NN	His growl was one of the sexiest things she 'd ever heard .
tr	NN	This route is about survival .
tr	NNS	Cold , furry moss tickled the bottoms of her bare feet .
tr	NN	Her spine stiffened , whether in shock or resistance he didn 't know .
tr	NN	Her pulse quickened beneath his fingers .
tr	NN	The lightning flashed toward him , and with a curse he leaped to the side , his tail twitching .
tr	NNS	The creatures from the woods are here and feast long into the night .
tr	NN	Her grandmother was calm , but she trembled .
tr	NNS	Deep bows and greetings followed on both sides .
tr	NNS	There were so many clean clients to work for .
tr	NNS	Covering up those deaths , deaths that I know I caused , was the hardest of all .
tr	NN	Jazz went back to her seat .
tr	NN	The lie detector lying seems so wrong . "
tr	NNS	With all seconds out , both boxers wait for the bell , and they didn 't have to wait for long .
tr	NNS	The coyotes matched her movement .
tr	NN	Their innocence is addicting , their hope is catching and I 'm happy to be surrounded by them . "
tr	NNS	Your wolves scared them off . "
tr	NN	The chef did a wonderful job .
tr	NNS	" If there is , it would have to be a someone , inanimate objects are just that , inanimate .
tr	NN	Its deafening roar dwindled to a distant rumbling thunder .
tr	NNS	Questions , comments , concerns ?
tr	NNS	Others are missing as well . "
tr	NN	If autumn was the best season , homecoming was the best dance .
tr	NNS	My skills were sadly lacking , but loving you must have made the difference .
tr	NNS	No worries about that , Kendra said .
tr	NNS	Their actions had literally changed his life , plunging him prematurely into his reign as king .
tr	NNS	" Oh , my facts are right , at least in the sense that they 're what turns up , if you dig for them .
tr	NN	At the same time , his pal turned , saw me , yelped , " Boss , behind you ! "
tr	NNS	Sadness washed over his face briefly , and I wondered how he was handling the death .
tr	NNS	When the two reached the edge of the hot , featureless sands , their pursuers quickly gave up .
tr	NN	The exercise and fresh air revived me a bit more but my head still felt like it was full of mud and I felt drained .
tr	NNS	Others had come into this sea and survived by careful restraint .
tr	NN	Its rippling belly lay enticingly before him ; close now , just a few kicks away .
tr	NN	Love is a conquest .
tr	NNS	And the petals of the Flower each became a Land .
tr	NNS	The sirens were at the gate .
tr	NN	Part of Danika wanted to tell her to go home ; life with her mom couldn 't be this bad .
tr	NN	Her agitation was convincing .
tr	NNS	The chains broke from the heel of his boots , freeing the boy 's spirit .
tr	NNS	A bad feeling creeping up his spine , Link rolls left just as a guttural shout of exertion sounds .
tr	NNS	Then , exactly like a phoenix emerging from the ashes , the hopes and dreams of every Infernal had arisen from the remnants of the Upland masonry .
tr	NNS	Things happen , adults make decisions , and that 's the bottom line . "
tr	NN	" So we had the fire , " Chance said , thinking aloud .
tr	NNS	There weren 't too many scuba stores out as far as Corolla , but Macon managed to find one to work at .
tr	NNS	Things didn 't seem as bleak to me now .
tr	NNS	Dead grasses and rotting reeds loomed up in the mists like ragged shadows of long-forgotten summers .
tr	NNS	Spanish moss hung thick and heavy from the oak trees above them .
tr	NN	From behind the glass and the insulation the great roar only came through as a suppressed , muffled sound .
tr	NNS	There weren 't even any bits of glass or stray pieces of chrome lying around .
tr	NN	The local government Berlin set up to oversee Spain has fallen in on hard times . "
tr	NNS	The nuns shook their heads and glanced at the Mother Superior , who was still swaying a little .
tr	NN	The powder didn 't work and - " She shot me a sideways glance .
tr	NN	A hawk is a hunting bird with a faultless eye and the ability to snare its prey before its prey even knows it 's in danger . "
tr	NN	And then the teacher starts talking again , going on about the latest math concept .
tr	NN	A low growl of fury emitted from his throat , slowly forming into words .
tr	NN	" Your landlord , I think . "
tr	NNS	Every Saturday evening , the church members would gather at the church building and park their cars along the streets .
tr	NNS	The tightness in his throat that he usually associated with visiting his parents ' house suddenly rose here .
tr	NNS	A week before , two followers working in the Space Agency , damaged a control unit .
tr	NN	From the looks of the fight , the gargoyle had the overhand .
tr	NN	My grandmother hadn 't had much to leave me , God bless her , especially after her funeral expenses .
tr	NN	The old Paige hated to be left alone .
tr	NNS	Chills ran down my arms .
tr	NN	Each stroke sent shock waves through her body and into his where they were so intimately connected .
tr	NN	After her husband 's death , guilt had consumed her .
tr	NNS	" Hey those episodes are from real cases .
tr	NN	Every method of seating offered a different way to enjoy the act of sitting .
tr	NNS	There were beautiful wood floors throughout the house .
tr	NN	The Keep decides who rules in this valley .
tr	NN	There 's a hook on the door for your coat , " he says , and I take off my coat and hang it up .
tr	NNS	Starbucks is a little sensitive about misinformation where his , uh , species is concerned . "
tr	NNS	The hipsters ' sneers in my direction immediately dismissed me as Not One of Them .
tr	NN	The gardener had dug it up years later and believed it to be real .
tr	NNS	Lights that had been illuminating the stage went off .
tr	NN	The third stair creaked beneath her feet , and that sound was far too loud .
tr	NNS	His acting skills aren 't so good . "
tr	NNS	Things were already difficult enough .
tr	NNS	Thoughts wouldn 't come .
tr	NN	All that raw expertise concentrated on ensuring her pleasure .
tr	NNS	Rawlings turned away and shook his head as he looked out the darkened window .
tr	NN	The teacher hadn 't entered the room and everyone was talking amongst themselves .
tr	NNS	There were strange six legged creatures , and creatures that crawled between water and land , and things with scales .
tr	NNS	She was just up there , impossibly high , the chains slapping against the top bar .
tr	NN	But a moment later , the rainbow had vanished and the hail returned , and he realized that joy was sometimes only an illusion .
tr	NN	And along with all that heat , the sweet sweep of her tongue stirred a promise of forever .
tr	NN	The dean looked over at her .
tr	NN	' What 's his condition ?
tr	NN	There was no mistaking that smell .
tr	NNS	Sober apologies are real .
tr	NN	" Who is your grandmother ? "
tr	NN	A lone rider , wearing black crested the horizon not long after .
tr	NNS	There were sharp , short sentences -- quick and angry .
tr	NNS	Folks from Portland are always driving up here to dump their unwanted cats and dogs on the side of the road .
tr	NNS	His chances of survival are practically nil .
tr	NN	There is no speed limit for pedestrians .
tr	NNS	The seats look clean .
tr	NNS	The fans went wild .
tr	NNS	Images of the carnage he had committed to save me flooded my mind .
tr	NNS	Their conclusions about what Christ said depend upon the group 's own assumptions about Christ 's character .
tr	NN	Her piercing growl was horrifying .
tr	NN	That it didn 't matter if Jett wore a paper bag on his head , that something inexplicable kept pulling me to him .
tr	NNS	Street scenes at dusk after rain , a sky like pink wine falling through dark trees to shine on silver pavements .
tr	NN	The werewolf kept clawing , digging into the earth , digging down and down , as if he were trying to make a hole right beneath him .
tr	NNS	Kinda ruins the mood don 't you think ? "
tr	NNS	" Their chances are great .
tr	NNS	My eyelids became heavy and I fell face forward into the snow , my limbs no longer capable of supporting me .
tr	NN	A velvet rope blocked the entrance .
tr	NN	The sergeant strolled across the packed sand of the parade ground .
tr	NN	My precious merchandise set free .
tr	NN	" The colonel is in good health .
tr	NNS	But what were Elena 's motives ?
tr	NN	There was a dead standstill ahead , likely some kind of accident .
tr	NNS	" Things change over two and a half centuries . "
tr	NNS	Thoughts of this mysterious guy kept playing through my head .
tr	NNS	About the sun flares and the disease and how different things might be now that they knew they were being tested or experimented on .
tr	NN	That brief hesitation had become her ritual , and Michael often wondered what went through her head at that moment .
tr	NN	The broth warmed her stomach and for the first time in a week she didn 't feel ill .
tr	NN	The scar seemed to flow at times like viscous tar .
tr	NNS	The cleaners got out all the blood , but there are a couple spots that need to be patched up .
tr	NNS	Behind her , trains were arriving and going .
tr	NN	Now that Josh stood inside the pit , the rainwater streaming from above stopped just at his feet , sketching the invisible barrier that held him up .
tr	NNS	Reyes caressed her arm , hoping to relax her .
tr	NNS	Chapter 18 The winds of gossip blew rumors about Dario returning to school all over campus .
tr	NN	Seeing his foe has significantly increased his agility , Link charges back into the village at ground level , carefully monitoring the boy 's location .
tr	NN	This hatch was a doorway to another place entirely !
tr	NNS	Sara 's insecurities came mostly from her mother , who reinforced them on a daily basis .
tr	NNS	But pangs of withdrawal were already intensifying , tension roaring inside her again .
tr	NN	The trick was figuring out which were which .
tr	NNS	The couch cushions were comfortable .
tr	NN	Is mental illness common among vampires ? "
tr	NNS	Rex grins and stands up to leave .
tr	NN	Kate 's personality was entirely different from Colton 's , but she possessed the same innocent charm .
tr	NNS	Even outsiders , though not welcome , could be honest .
tr	NNS	His cronies pressed behind him , and I took a deep breath to calm down .
tr	NNS	The fullness between her legs grew heavier and more insistent , wetness saturated her panties , and still it wasn 't enough .
tr	NN	" What is a life mate ? "
tr	NN	The rustling of leaves only a few yards off .
tr	NN	Though Emma was half leech herself and drank blood for sustenance , the coven didn 't think of her that way whatsoever .
tr	NNS	Maurice 's paws twitched .
tr	NN	Her h * ps surged instinctively toward that touch .
tr	NN	Reality came crashing back into Fellows so hard he lost his next breath .
tr	NN	The notion scared her .
tr	NNS	" Sometimes there are side effects though , like your hand . "
tr	NN	A full pot of coffee sat on the counter in the sitting area , but she wasn 't there .
tr	NNS	The remaining wolves started to break ranks .
tr	NN	Well , the principal got mad and he suspended all of them for disorderly conduct on school premises . "
tr	NN	One deep thrust and I was no longer a virgin .
tr	NN	As the night wore on , even the most dedicated drunks gave up and went home , leaving the stranger alone in the common room .
tr	NN	But my pulse had quickened at the feel of him against me , and I was already figuring out how to clear the table .
tr	NN	In any case , the wheelbarrow really is a prize , not because it 'll carry food and supplies , but because it 'll carry Echo .
tr	NN	The cart rattled its way down the incline , and as they drew near to the keep , the great wooden gate slowly began to open .
tr	NNS	The cobwebs she saw in her dreams lay around everywhere .
tr	NNS	' Things won 't look so bad in the morning when the sun comes up . '
tr	NN	" My great-grandmother died when I was young .
tr	NN	Love has now found a home , and she will stay with you forever . "
tr	NNS	Anger management candidates had nothing on me .
tr	NNS	Surely the fierceness of their intended victim made him all the more inviting .
tr	NN	The once well-manicured yard was now tall with weeds , dead trees and leaves .
tr	NNS	The hallways began to blur into one long maze as she tried to find her way back to her room .
tr	NN	The sergeant snorted again , his eyes crinkling in humor .
tr	NNS	" There are no female relatives to do the duty ? "
tr	NN	" Everything 's f ine now .
tr	NNS	The old wood floors creak under my weight as I quickly backtrack .
tr	NNS	On shelves , unidentifiable or unmentionable objects and creatures and parts of creatures floated in glass bottles filled with cloudy liquid .
tr	NN	The Master has a question to ask you . '
tr	NNS	All the other goons are in handcuffs as well and waiting for the police car that I know is on the way .
tr	NN	There 's the highway ! "
tr	NN	A pleasant thrill accompanied the successful mandate , merging with the natural satisfaction of having demolished the gate .
tr	NN	" My uncle won 't be pleased when he returns and finds her dead ; I say we wait for him .
tr	NNS	Maybe then the emails would stop and she could focus on a new job .
tr	NN	The werewolf with Duncan 's eyes stumbled back and yanked the scalpel out of his shoulder .
tr	NN	The monkey thought ' t was all in fun , Pop !
tr	NN	Obvious avoidance of Fred and Oriole 's cases and Marlowe 's clients didn 't dampen the mood .
tr	NN	Her first instinct was to call the police , let them deal with whatever was going on .
tr	NN	" What is this psycho talking about ? "
tr	NNS	The superhero posters plastered on the walls .
tr	NNS	Hunger pangs threatened to turn the fleeting moment away and replace it with a desire to satisfy his physical needs .
tr	NN	The plaza was east of him .
tr	NN	* * * The house was silent when Carmine made it home , the notebook tucked in the crook of his arm .
tr	NN	History - history we have lived - has proven that time and time again .
tr	NN	The chasm extended far above , with the metal beams which supported the structure of the building spanning the gap overhead .
tr	NNS	By then , his cousins had awoken , and the kitchen was filled with the sounds and smells of breakfast .
tr	NNS	Our creatures should resemble us .
tr	NNS	Biofeedback techniques can lower heart rate , blood pressure , and body temperature .
tr	NN	Gypsy coughed and spat black blood .
tr	NNS	A half dozen mech wolves disengaged themselves from the fight with Jimmy 's troops and closed in on Winston .
tr	NNS	From the top of its head , four tentacles tipped with bulbous yellow eyes , pointed in my direction .
tr	NN	" A little overwhelming , isn 't it ? "
tr	NN	Then the sheriff came in to tell me that deputy Blake had been found dead . "
tr	NNS	Few physical activities were difficult for her .
tr	NN	There was a creak of parting timbers , and the boot appeared loose .
tr	NN	' Ok get some sleep .
tr	NN	The hatred he felt toward his father distilled into a hard ball in the pit of his stomach .
tr	NN	The feline blinked at her .
tr	NN	The green banker 's lamp was still on .
tr	NN	Instead of thanks , the chit had laid into her , screaming , " To each her own , lightning whore ! "
tr	NN	Only his h * ps and buttocks moved as he worked in and out of her body .
tr	NN	His struggles were growing weaker and weaker .
tr	NN	A tasseled lamp sat on an end table between the two chairs .
tr	NN	Obviously her lack of one had made her desperate if she was willing to be bitten just to enjoy the passion that went along with it .
tr	NNS	But there were colors all around her now .
tr	NN	Thinking of his agent miles away Johnny smiled .
tr	NN	As we scurried to fight the flames or nurse one another , our defense of the mountain fell to neglect .
tr	NN	Chance asked , as if he sensed my hesitance .
tr	NN	Far away , an owl cried out with a plaintive hoot .
tr	NN	Our goal was always to look nice but not attract notice .
tr	NN	Love looked at Stuart .
tr	NN	" The receptionist says a Dr. Kenneth St. Germain has arrived with a letter from the U.S. Surgeon General .
tr	NNS	Dark slate floors gleamed beneath her feet .
tr	NNS	The next shots were pretty much the same , just with slightly different facial expressions and camera angles .
tr	NN	" Your grandmother wanted you and loved you . "
tr	NNS	It looked angry , the way Persian cats always did .
tr	NNS	Things like that came so easily to me now .
tr	NN	" Yes , a pot of tea and some toast would be excellent . "
tr	NN	Cameron moved slowly , the first thrust followed by another equally as slow .
tr	NNS	The moss on the towering trees looked dark beneath the overcast sky .
tr	NN	You 're making me nervous , " the DEA agent waiting alongside him said .
tr	NN	The celebration of Annunciation where the angel Gabriel had told Mary that she was going to give birth to Jesus Christ was fast approaching .
tr	NNS	There was a strange emptiness inside her , as if she 'd been hollowed out like a tree struck by lightning .
tr	NNS	" Where are my cookies ? "
tr	NNS	Lots of things happened .
tr	NN	Part of him had presumed , all along , that her posturing about the war was just another game .
tr	NN	Her birthday seemed a perfect day to change all that .
tr	NN	An accidental scratch was a far cry from attempted murder .
tr	NN	The dwarf spat on the floor .
tr	NNS	Lights spilling like jewels just there , so near , so far away .
tr	NN	" Dating ad ... " My grandma 's face momentarily brightens before going completely white .
tr	NN	The roar increased until his body was going up in flames , urgent , demanding , painful with need .
tr	NN	The video began to play and there was Lucy Taylor on her back , naked as the day she was born .
tr	NNS	Things picked up as the night wore on .
tr	NN	Your bike is only on traffic cameras at night . "
tr	NN	Is that assessment accurate ? "
tr	NN	Light shone in a hazy circle around their legs and Shai realized Krell had descended a few steps underground while holding a candle .
tr	NNS	Those goblins that entered the valley were driven by a wall of shields and spears to the cliffs edge where many hundreds of goblins met their ends .
tr	NN	Her tail moved nervously .
tr	NN	No species in human nature can .
tr	NN	With one great last heave , the dragon managed to throw out his wings to propel us gently onto the ground .
tr	NNS	' The wolves have killed people ! '
tr	NN	The only sacrifice I made was the heart of one of my dearest childhood friends .
tr	NNS	New tool racks and calendars of topless women and heavy-duty air compressors and other things Mr. Parrish had decided were more valuable than Adam 's school uniform .
tr	NN	" Who 's the liar here ?
tr	NN	" How much did the sheriff collect ? "
tr	NN	There was a tremor of threat in her voice .
tr	NN	I final y did it .
tr	NN	His mannerisms and cocky charm had always brought out quite the combination of emotions in Mandi when she was still in college and had first met him .
tr	NN	At his easy smile , weakness washed through her , calling to her in a sly , seductive voice .
tr	NNS	Lord 's Tsarist Commission credentials , however , overrode any supposed former state secrets .
tr	NNS	Things could be something more ... invasive ... like explosives . "
tr	NN	This societal organization works well .
tr	NNS	Maybe her special skills would be helpful .
tr	NN	Another pattern is present in the slayings : all of the victims disappeared at night .
tr	NN	The priest looked at us .
tr	NN	The trick was to keep himself in the middle of the river , lest he be slammed against the rock tunnel 's walls .
tr	NNS	His hopes had slipped back into a deep hole .
tr	NN	His latest maneuver of driving me down a dank alley was proof positive why I shouldn 't .
tr	NNS	" These leaders have no chance to unite this country .
tr	NN	" Who wrote that book your uncle erased .
tr	NNS	Things were going his way this morning because everything snapped into place within an hour or so .
tr	NN	And the release , oh gods , it would be so good .
tr	NNS	Guns , jewelry , knives , clothes , shoes , whatever .
tr	NN	Another spark of hope formed ... " No .
tr	NNS	Things have gone poorly , and I 've fought my way free .
tr	NN	A thrill shot through him .
tr	NN	" The real art could have been underneath . "
tr	NNS	The sirens were closer now .
tr	NN	My waking was peaceful and gentle , something good , and for me , a totally new experience .
tr	NN	Jazz could almost see the shrug .
tr	NN	The landlord hadn 't mentioned anything being left behind .
tr	NN	Her teal sweater hung low around her neck and I tried not to be a total pig and peek down her shirt .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of kissing Dorian in the kitchen , then outside the night of her date intruded .
tr	NNS	Small wisps of smoke rose from where Song worked and the yellow turned to black .
tr	NNS	The villagers are in no danger . "
tr	NN	The pen dipped , pointed down ... I held my breath .
tr	NN	Buzz ' birdie chip from the fringe came up a foot short , and was conceded .
tr	NN	Neither the tailor nor his customer nodded back .
tr	NN	And if Brian can say you can 't take calls from anyone , this nut will have no reason to think he 's being singled out . "
tr	NN	The multitude of screams from the ballroom bore witness to the guests ' cognizance of the blaze .
tr	NN	That bitch is crazy .
tr	NN	This routine continued until the pistol locked open , denoting the end to the supply of bullets .
tr	NNS	There are also twelve hotels and three shopping centers .
tr	NNS	All the items together created a multicolored cloud .
tr	NN	My master said I was ready that I could take care of myself .
tr	NNS	" Yes , two generations ; that seems about right . "
tr	NN	" But your wedding contract said you could never marry again . "
tr	NNS	The broad planes of his back were next .
tr	NNS	There were no signs of the dead or the living .
tr	NNS	There was a fierceness about her that intrigued him .
tr	NN	His English master at school had , some years ago , read the class a very sad book set during the First World War .
tr	NN	Roasted beef , marinated in vinegar , was delicious and I think my favourite .
tr	NN	Rescue was a forlorn hope at this point .
tr	NNS	Such villages exist , but they exist along the banks of the Yukon River in western Alaska .
tr	NNS	Things were fair rough already ; we 'd be fixed if they got worse .
tr	NN	The third participant didn 't have to ride a horse .
tr	NNS	Tris stands inside the car , wearing a small , crooked smile .
tr	NNS	Words are the rarity .
tr	NNS	There are no unintended consequences to worry about when you simply play it safe . "
tr	NN	Cassie leapt on her , driving her back to the ground .
tr	NN	A rock ranch like this one would grow corn in one season up there .
tr	NN	The glee of what they had been doing suddenly left them , and she could see it in their eyes that what they felt was shame .
tr	NN	" What did the video mean by ' simple training ' ? "
tr	NN	" My ma , " I say .
tr	NN	The creak of the interrogation room door opening sounded far too loud to her ears .
tr	NNS	Things like the first real snow of winter or how much fun she had at the carnival last spring .
tr	NNS	When it is time for dinner , the ladies put away their embroidery .
tr	NN	A trickle of blood oozed from the meat with each cut , and I saw Violet lean forward , her blue eyes shining .
tr	NN	The bastard apparently wasn 't wasting any time making his move on Marianna now that she was a free woman .
tr	NN	After a good fifteen minutes , the dragon pulled to a stop , gently landing .
tr	NNS	Then her footsteps sounded , padding away from the door and down the hallway .
tr	NNS	Over and over , the blades whistled .
tr	NNS	When that happens the Hawthorn coyotes will track you down at whatever cost , putting your mother in danger as well .
tr	NNS	Any cats will do .
tr	NNS	The immortals fell with hardly a cry .
tr	NN	" That additional soil intrigues me .
tr	NN	Love makes you weak and strong .
tr	NNS	Again , according to the CDC statistics , there were more than 500,000 AIDS cases through the year 1997 .
tr	NN	the lieutenant commented loudly .
tr	NNS	There were more machines , more monitors and devices mounted against the wall than in his previous room .
tr	NNS	Waves of reassurance came over me when the hunter said , " Okay .
tr	NNS	The churches were dark inside .
tr	NN	All species of flight perished shortly after the meteor , except for one man who had been possessed by the essences .
tr	NNS	Often there were sheer cliffs that descended into deep and craggy valleys below .
tr	NN	" Just kidding Doc . "
tr	NNS	The strings and pulleys of his conversation yank our talk far from topics such as where he 's come from and what he 's witnessed .
tr	NN	The medical examiner clicked his tongue .
tr	NN	" Ok , but let 's go up to your place first . "
tr	NN	Just the herald has come in . "
tr	NNS	Quiet , large wet flakes filled the air and covered the ground , inches in minutes .
tr	NNS	Two elves and a goblin played cards to while away the time .
tr	NN	As you stated , there is no definite proof in the existence of the divine .
tr	NNS	The butterflies settled a little , or maybe one managed to escape .
tr	NNS	Things are happening quickly this year .
tr	NN	Humanity 's instinct to preserve itself lives on .
tr	NN	" The person in that room is not our - " Grinning , the warrior once again disappeared .
tr	NN	The traveler left him in the entryway , his enchantment slowly wearing off as his brown robes vanished down into the darkness below .
tr	NNS	Limited calories provided at the feeding centers meant people were losing weight .
tr	NN	" I 've found something , " the hunter called to them .
tr	NN	" There isn 't one civilian transport on this moon that uses diesels .
tr	NN	A crushing guilt paralyzed him .
tr	NNS	Without our women , our species cannot exist and our men must either commit suicide or become vampire .
tr	NN	But the Vampire on the road doesn 't move .
tr	NNS	Parts of last night were coming back to me .
tr	NN	The lieutenant commander nodded .
tr	NN	Suddenly a loud clatter reverberated from outside , the sound of heavy banging coming from the fire escape stairs .
tr	NNS	Its three pairs of gargantuan wings rumbled like thunder through the forest and kicked up debris like a sudden windstorm .
tr	NNS	Huge sobs racked her body as I stood there frozen .
tr	NN	Again , the hatch refused to turn .
tr	NN	The priest groaned , lifted his fingers to touch his bloody scalp .
tr	NN	The sheriff walked across the terrace and up the steps to the house .
tr	NNS	After a few moments , a backpack lands beside me and Brenden follows .
tr	NN	There was a tap , then the door to the office opened and a middle aged woman stuck her head in .
tr	NNS	" All passengers aboard , love .
tr	NNS	The tightness in her chest was so painful it was almost unbearable .
tr	NN	The cowboy leaned back in his seat and tipped his hat further back on his head .
tr	NN	Link leaned in close .
tr	NN	There was a snowy owl drifting above him .
tr	NN	the second hunter hissed , lowering his own firearm .
tr	NNS	" But of creatures who inhabit the darkness , there are two types .
tr	NN	All that mattered was the way he looked at me .
tr	NNS	My new-found abilities bring a smile to my face through the pain .
tr	NNS	Therefore his tests would need to be more challenging .
tr	NNS	The internal dimensions had been a little too generous .
tr	NN	The dwarf laughed , " aye and nay , lad , aye and nay !
tr	NNS	Hot dusty winds sweep up canyon walls , driving the flames in sheets .
tr	NNS	These concepts will be important , class .
tr	NNS	Their footsteps echoed in the stillness .
tr	NNS	Some idiots thought it a good idea to club down our guards and try to get to you .
tr	NN	" Damn caller ID ! "
tr	NN	Tears bloomed in her eyes , but she bat them rapidly back as she watched him , her uncertainty palpable .
tr	NNS	Otherwise , images of the camp will come pressing back , carried on silken shadow fingers : all those people , trapped , helpless .
tr	NNS	Others never noticed it , but she 'd been with Mark long enough to notice subtleties other people didn 't .
tr	NNS	All my siblings bear this mark .
tr	NNS	The sobs had quieted to hiccups now .
tr	NNS	A few drops of rain plummeted from the top of the window outside .
tr	NN	Her mascara is running down her cheeks and her eyes are all red .
tr	NN	The captain worked his spine out of its tense , hunched arc and cast a quick look around his bridge .
tr	NN	The trickle has turned to a steady stream .
tr	NNS	Many rich and important figures in mundane society are members - " " That only makes it sillier . "
tr	NNS	No kisses , " she said and wiped off the spit .
tr	NNS	Over time , the creatures became a memory , then they became a legend , then they became folklore , then they became a myth .
tr	NN	Its discovery had been a boon to company exploration teams , saving the firms the cost of importing heavy , expensive materials .
tr	NN	An escort of guards went with me , and we again rode to save time .
tr	NNS	What good were lasers as weapons ?
tr	NN	WHAT WILL IT THINK OF IT ?
tr	NNS	Inside , his organs were on fire .
tr	NN	But the hunger had burned her constantly and her body had trembled with pain .
tr	NN	" What was that chuckle for ? "
tr	NNS	My skills aren 't fine , but I 'm pretty strong , and I 'm good at adapting them on the fly .
tr	NNS	Since she controlled his wheelchair , the fans backed off and let her push him to the elevator and down to his room .
tr	NNS	His siblings had never had to work in the bowels of a KCL ship or spend months sleeping in a windowless cabin .
tr	NN	A veil of silence will come down . "
tr	NNS	The chips can fall where they may .
tr	NN	" So , my darling , I suggest you make sure to take those long , hot showers by yourself .
tr	NNS	He might die , said the helpers .
tr	NNS	The changes occurred during the night time hours , when much needed sleep came .
tr	NNS	The possibilities sifted before her until she realized what she had to do .
tr	NNS	Empty and silent were all the lands about when the King of the Sea marched upon Middle-earth .
tr	NNS	The elves sang a sad sweet parting song as the dwarves parted with the ponies and carts .
tr	NN	And an agent of the White Court has just shown up and killed one of his prostitutes . "
tr	NN	His halo encased him ... and there was something else too .
tr	NNS	The gusts tossed and twirled them as effortlessly as leaves caught in a strong breeze .
tr	NN	The captain looked at Shapiro .
tr	NN	A small pond sporting Japanese koi had a cascading waterfall that slid over a series of rocks before splashing into where the fish swam in lazy circles .
tr	NNS	But missing persons is the challenge that keeps me interested . "
tr	NNS	Fine grains of sand collide with other elements forming ancient words of divine perfection .
tr	NN	In the centre of the kitchen was a wide fire pit , glowing red with smoldering peat .
tr	NNS	Images of a vampire sneaking up on my neck flashing through my head ; I squealed loud enough to shake the building around me .
tr	NNS	Her credentials had been perfect .
tr	NN	But Sean 's libido and instincts were busily overriding the stringent Shifter rules drilled into his head since before he could talk .
tr	NNS	Then inner chains I 'd never felt before broke and I burst forth like a bullet being fired through a gun .
tr	NN	Her hip nudged insistent pressure against him , hot friction that left his jeans uncomfortably tight .
tr	NNS	The wetness that flooded between my legs was unreal .
tr	NNS	Lots of people count on me .
tr	NNS	Though the sleeves were tight around the upper arms , the forearms were looser , and she could see where the daggers could be strapped .
tr	NNS	Shouts of joy rang through the cave as everyone congratulated the boy , but instead of celebrating , Sarah was the first on the bridge .
tr	NN	Over , " the Mustafa group commander radioed in .
tr	NN	A Midwestern twang sounded , rather than Chase 's local lilt .
tr	NN	The male Lupine rolled across the dust and dying grass a long way before he was able to stop .
tr	NN	" Then there are a few crosses here and there ... can 't tell what they mean . "
tr	NN	" There 's a discarded crate over there . "
tr	NNS	Finally , those baby blues focused on me .
tr	NN	A second later , an inch of elemental Ice encased the camera , freezing it in its tracks , so to speak .
tr	NN	A growl rose up in his throat before he even realized he was having an emotional reaction to those words .
tr	NNS	Sara 's happy squeals became rather loud .
tr	NN	But for right now , all he wanted to do was assume his other career , slide into the role of rancher .
tr	NN	A shuddering sob raked through her body .
tr	NNS	" Folks wan na be empty , frustrated , and miserable .
tr	NN	Choking on the horizon , the power plant is protesting the needs of the living -- buckling under the brutal loads .
tr	NN	" The implication is that there will be others . "
tr	NN	And , of course , that Langley agent would be you . "
tr	NNS	Questions would be for later , and undoubtedly there would be many .
tr	NNS	Elias was chanting more quickly now , raising his webbed hands , tracing delicate outlines on the air with his fingers .
tr	NN	The air conditioning in the dilapidated building hadn 't worked right since the 1960 's .
tr	NN	Royce 's brother Benny met them soon after .
tr	NN	Your very own Sleeping with the Band host Cara , is well , sleeping with the band .
tr	NN	Touching , in any way , would lead to things better left to her imagination .
tr	NNS	And some creatures will go south .
tr	NNS	Kris met my father , Eugene , when she was at university .
tr	NN	The rider was a lean young man with short brown hair and sharp green eyes .
tr	NNS	There are wonderful restaurants in town . "
tr	NN	Her pattern was to push people away with sarcasm and rudeness before they could push her away .
tr	NN	The publisher must not have owned a tattoo needle .
tr	NN	Somehow , there was a different value to her coloration that made me recognize the familiar faintness I had encountered on special occasion with subjects .
tr	NN	His habit , learned during the war , was still there .
tr	NN	" At least there 's no cucumber .
tr	NNS	Escaped servants rarely had pleasant lives ; they invariably gravitated to Cheapside and the horrors it held for young girls .
tr	NN	He had a gun and a moustache , only the moustache didn 't bother me .
tr	NN	" A tiny little slice that looked like a paper cut . "
tr	NNS	Such movements had nothing in common with us .
tr	NN	Kae asked , the term completely lost on his mind .
tr	NN	Taking advantage of the room , the spider tucked its leg in and then suddenly snapped it away .
tr	NN	" No offense taken .
tr	NN	His uncle seemed quite surprised by the boy 's morning catch .
tr	NNS	" And good fathers love their sons , do they not ? "
tr	NNS	" Not all supernaturals are criminals ; we know that .
tr	NN	' This plant takes in many things , dust , memories , regrets , dreams , and purifies them . '
tr	NNS	The twins , as usual , were cute balls of fleece and mittens playing under the watchful eyes of their mother and grandmother .
tr	NN	A large orange spider with a small brown spider on its back staggered in and collapsed on the floor .
tr	NNS	No terminals , how the heck can we control anything ? "
tr	NNS	Rawlings inclined his head and left .
tr	NN	The trident was the source of her power .
tr	NN	The elder used the nickname by which only those in the temple academy knew him .
tr	NNS	The insults had stopped , but the boys were only getting bolder with their assaults as no one moved to stop them .
tr	NN	Neither option seemed to overpower her with urgency at the moment .
tr	NN	A thin sheen of sweat covered Dormer 's body .
tr	NN	" Yes , but when the bite a mortal , the mortal turns into one of them .
tr	NNS	Others who don 't have a cash flow can supply parts .
tr	NNS	The front gates looked to have been smelted from unfettered silver as they glistened in the late afternoon light .
tr	NN	Bit of a scary one that boy , so I don 't really blame your father .
tr	NNS	There aren 't any hidden cameras and we 're not actually on a reality show where you need to say and do annoying things like that . "
tr	NNS	Moses would watch each for a minute or two , until he was bored , and then move on to another .
tr	NNS	What are the fees ? "
tr	NN	Of course , his lack of skill at the controls of a motorcycle allowed him to hit it head on going a good fifty miles an hour .
tr	NN	A debt to Gladwell 's is news to me , too .
tr	NNS	It didn 't matter what species a male was , all their minds seemed to be focused in on one thing .
tr	NN	A stinky cloud where the lady was born . ' '
tr	NNS	What would you ladies like ? "
tr	NN	An odd timed pulse had appeared in the primary loops of the navigational analogue banks of the computer .
tr	NNS	Hands coming at me scared me , but I 'd never thought of someone 's face getting this close .
tr	NN	The scar on his face is fading as his accelerated healing works its wonders .
tr	NN	His art reflects more of society and culture than direct environment .
tr	NN	" This fellow gave me this note . "
tr	NNS	Hopefully my cousins weren 't getting into too much trouble .
tr	NN	" Maybe your writing along with the esoteric topics could be something interesting for you to pursue .
tr	NNS	Things are different between us . "
tr	NNS	All my cousins were twenty years old when they built their houses and have married and have children since then . "
tr	NN	The envoy responded not and finally quit his pacing and sat staring into the fire .
tr	NN	Without the magical ingredient , her sweet treats wouldn 't have the same impact on her appreciated guests .
tr	NNS	' Not before the cards went over . '
tr	NNS	His door slams shut , and I watch him jog around the front of the hood .
tr	NNS	Things will deteriorate quickly if they find us .
tr	NNS	Marius dipped her and kept her bent over his arm .
tr	NN	The maid is helping me into my gown when the steward arrives with a request from the empress to join her for breakfast in her private chambers .
tr	NN	" Your medication 's at the house ? "
tr	NNS	Both blades did strike flesh , however there was a great difference in the importance of such flesh .
tr	NNS	Soon , his eyelids felt so heavy he could scarcely lift them .
tr	NNS	Nerves rippled through Aria 's stomach .
tr	NN	The Light spoke , " I am Tabitha , Tabitha Rose .
tr	NN	The hawk was still circling in the same spot in the sky .
tr	NNS	The targets were boxes , boulders , and other junk that the kids had packed .
tr	NN	But all manner of wooden implements he could use were short and would prove to be a disadvantage rather than an advantage .
tr	NNS	There were flash cards with photos of distant relatives , a quiz about the family pets .
tr	NNS	Things aren 't always so linear for an oracle .
tr	NN	Melissa 's brother Trevor chose that moment to stroll over to them .
tr	NN	They usual y didn 't care enough to .
tr	NNS	But the local vamps admired Vlad so much they actually brought him over when he was dying , thus ushering in the new era of the vampire .
tr	NNS	Looks bleak at the moment . "
tr	NN	" Maybe that treaty was something you should have looked into before killing the scientists ? "
tr	NN	Her uncle had been a dear , and Rebecca loved him , but dining with him had been rather a trial .
tr	NN	As I reached over for Melvin 's glass , the red notebook fell out of my purse , which was still slung over my shoulder .
tr	NN	" It is the Venetians , " explained the agent .
tr	NNS	Larger globes hung from the ceiling , encrusted with gemstones in deep blues , purples , reds , and yellows , twinkling and flashing .
tr	NN	The silk tuxedo lapels under her soothed along the overheated flesh of her exposed shoulders , the fabric a sexy , extravagant luxury for such steely strength .
tr	NN	A squad of mosque guardsmen trotted up .
tr	NN	The light gray fur , probably two inches long , sparkled with a silver shimmer .
tr	NNS	The vaulted ceilings held dark beams running across the room toward the fireplace .
tr	NNS	The windshield wipers came on and made two big humps through the snow .
tr	NNS	Nearby his companions watched anxiously , while dock workers and merchants had gathered to view the spectacle .
tr	NN	More guilt roiled in my stomach , along with deep , dark , unending shame at what I 'd done .
tr	NN	There is a viewing this afternoon and this evening that I have to attend .
tr	NNS	His concentration skills were nearly legendary .
tr	NN	The stench is exactly the way I remember it , filth and death .
tr	NN	Even though several million humans survived , the chaos created was so devastating that society devolved into nomads and farmers .
tr	NNS	Just then , shots fired and echoed throughout the cavern .
tr	NN	The bullet in his neck missed his artery .
tr	NNS	Flames had made gaping holes in the roof .
tr	NN	The devilish twinkle in his eyes matched that dimple too perfectly .
tr	NNS	Leopard sandals dangled from his fingertips .
tr	NNS	Maybe , like the kaleidoscope , the colors just change .
tr	NNS	CHAPTER SIXTEEN In life , there are inevitable changes that take place .
tr	NNS	" No , if we start digging , those damn Holey defenses will just bring down more of the hillside .
tr	NNS	The tightness in my chest eased when I was sure that all the trees were empty except this one .
tr	NNS	The posters themselves were pretty good .
tr	NN	The redhead sitting at the bar didn 't bother to pretend she had no interest in what was going on .
tr	NN	At all stages of life , wisdom always escapes us by what looks like a short margin and life-long , we chase stupidity .
tr	NNS	A full dozen other mages spread themselves out behind him .
tr	NNS	Heavenly puffs of white steam enclosed around them .
tr	NNS	Only murmurs came back .
tr	NNS	A tightness started building in my chest .
tr	NNS	The first four shots he takes are air balls or bricks .
tr	NNS	" The other Jets look to you for leadership .
tr	NNS	two Sentinels happened upon them .
tr	NNS	" Drugs , alcohol , sex , anorexia , violence - " I sit and listen , wondering where he 's going with it all .
tr	NNS	Humidity choked the air and there was clamour all about as the vehicles lined up , thorough searches ongoing .
tr	NN	Anyway , my review was perfectly valid . "
tr	NNS	Only warriors hunt ! '
tr	NN	Most ship design ensured thoroughfares were small , saving space for the systems that would need it like engineering and life support .
tr	NN	The bullet misses Day by a couple of feet .
tr	NNS	His siblings looked at him with pity , which had him squirming in his seat .
tr	NNS	Naturally , the twins would be extremely disappointed if he didn 't visit .
tr	NNS	The newspapers were full of patriotic fervor and mourning for Nelson and the lost seamen , spoken of as martyrs for their nation .
tr	NNS	His instincts were usually better than that .
tr	NNS	Things were about to get very , very bad .
tr	NN	A narrow ledge marked the end of the tunnel , and atop it were the three small amulets that looked like jagged mirrors carved from ice .
tr	NN	" How the hell did the shooter get past them ? "
tr	NNS	The countess released him when she entered the study .
tr	NNS	Halfway through the movie , the three aliens got up and came back with more food .
tr	NN	Chance pushed Gwen back , but Ethan hadn 't been aiming for her .
tr	NNS	Others come looking for a new place to live because their world is as screwed up as ours .
tr	NN	No matter if he had planted a flunky or two in the crowd to get the applause started .
tr	NNS	Those operations are only good for seven to 12 years .
tr	NN	Perhaps the most significant discovery since the First Families arrived and found the first Ghost relics . "
tr	NN	" About visiting Mom . "
tr	NN	A long scar ran the length of his left cheek .
tr	NN	The Pass had long been a perfect base for day climbers , when it was summer and the grass was out .
tr	NNS	Jane 's instincts were more productive and she grabbed a stool to break open the window .
tr	NN	" My agenda is that I want to interview the recovered patients in Somerset .
tr	NNS	The currents of his power radiated into my body , throbbing everything deliciously .
tr	NNS	When Tasha opened her eyes again the twins were fast asleep and their faces were at peace .
tr	NN	The moon 's reflection bounced off of the lake in a beautiful and in the right circumstances even romantic way .
tr	NN	His h * ps rocked against mine , and a fire raced throughout my blood .
tr	NNS	The cold chains were so tight they were peeling our skins off .
tr	NNS	Three pairs of deadly cold eyes watched as she scrambled to her feet .
tr	NN	There was a gleam in her eyes that made me realize Melanie had banked fires under her sedate exterior .
tr	NNS	Silva 's minions didn 't seem to care too much about hiding them .
tr	NNS	Some spots which seemed to be solid rock , were actually dangerous pits filled with powdery moon dust .
tr	NN	" Just a simple vanity elixir .
tr	NN	As he strained , a sharp jab of electric pain shot through his head .
tr	NNS	Things like lost loves and battered Tiffany 's boxes aren 't visible on his face .
tr	NNS	Nor is the hypothesis of ' starvation ' the only one we can imagine .
tr	NN	The leader laughed as he walked away down the ramp .
tr	NNS	Most male white cats with blue eyes can 't hear . "
tr	NNS	Curious and awed eyes cast on his plane .
tr	NNS	The straight strands hung way down to the middle of her back and seemed to capture and reflect light with every move she made .
tr	NNS	The soft smoothness of her flesh sang against his .
tr	NNS	" There 's millions of them ! "
tr	NNS	Her visits to Dr. Underwood were weekly now .
tr	NNS	Reyes had told her more than once that the middle of the ocean had become the favorite disposal ground for the sadist set .
tr	NNS	The roads are icy and there 's nothing but two wheels and a small amount of metal between the ground and my body .
tr	NN	Their tribe is vigorous .
tr	NN	Barbeque sauce dripped from her fork onto the tablecloth .
tr	NN	A thin white scar ran the length of his face .
tr	NNS	Black clad figures appeared from around the lobby .
tr	NNS	For a second the pirates froze , staring at each other and looking for the source of the screaming .
tr	NN	The teacher didn 't say anything when Haven walked in five minutes late , he just paused and waited .
tr	NN	" Count me in , " said an elderly lord .
tr	NNS	Soldiers to fight , and to die , to prepare the world for the Last Battle .
tr	NN	The electricity dispersed and the room went still .
tr	NN	A tiny but fierce spark of insecurity grabbed hold .
tr	NN	" You were too , Ora , " his uncle teased her .
tr	NN	The coin scraped against a raw spot on her throat .
tr	NN	" Well , the pretzel 's ruined , " the warrior added conversationally .
tr	NN	Peggy 's announcement brought the conversation to an end , and Angela nearly cried in relief .
tr	NNS	Wipe the screens of the current video feeds . "
tr	NN	And the sergeant kept grinning all the time !
tr	NN	" No map has this much detail .
tr	NNS	Its companions stood close-by like a unified company .
tr	NNS	All his belongings carried in his arms .
tr	NNS	Witches and warlocks take their talismans very seriously indeed , and Willow vowed to guard hers with her life .
tr	NNS	Names , characters , places , and incidents are products of the author 's imagination .
tr	NN	The milk and most of the cooking oil had drained out of their containers .
tr	NNS	Her companions had matching colored uniforms , in the more formal Collective style .
tr	NN	What he saw as he surveyed the courtyard made his heart sink .
tr	NN	On the other end , the gray kitten flicked his tail at being interrupted in the middle of a nap .
tr	NNS	Maks had said he would return by evening with their car .
tr	NN	" Our instruments indicate thirty seconds until wheels down , " the experienced captain promptly replied back .
tr	NN	A familiar dizziness began once more at the base of her neck and swept through her brain .
tr	NN	His instinct told him that there was something going on that he did not understand .
tr	NNS	The first drops of energy hit their link .
tr	NN	A monstrous tumble of rocks and debris loomed directly in her path , rushing for her face .
tr	NN	And the malice and arrogance that is needed to commit such horrors narrowed the field further .
tr	NNS	The sparsely populated lands to the west of the Alta River , which had remained neutral , broke into eighteen warring kingdoms .
tr	NNS	Aris suddenly let the seriousness of this situation reflect in his expression .
tr	NNS	Now , more than one hundred years later ; there were only ten acres on Lopez that belonged to her father .
tr	NN	His prognosis is good . "
tr	NNS	Up and down the beach , werewolves slaughtered maidens and their babies , fresh from the womb .
tr	NNS	Both forks looked equally promising .
tr	NNS	The lands he had conquered and occupied , Lilla told us , had now risen up in rebellion .
tr	NN	Her secretary , Candace , spoke in a whisper and sounded slightly panicked .
tr	NN	" Benedictus Deus , " the audience responded .
tr	NNS	The contacts did little to reassure the explorers and convinced many of them that something had happened in the Federation .
tr	NNS	Its energy demands would be the equivalent of a city of half a million .
tr	NNS	Girls shouldn 't be trying to seduce guys for sex . "
tr	NN	" Yeah , and literature is a reflection of reality .
tr	NNS	A few visitors fed them coins to buy treats for inmates they would visit .
tr	NN	I ' l always love you . "
tr	NNS	Rufus gave me a once over and then said evenly , " Well , I guess I won 't hold that against him . "
tr	NNS	Unarmed crew members were about and flying to the opposite end of the room .
tr	NN	His accent was real thick when he said the word party .
tr	NN	Without looking up from his work , the technical sergeant answered , " No train to the 61st until day after tomorrow .
tr	NN	" Well , there 's an extra pipe and tobacco ; you 're welcome if you want . "
tr	NN	The priest didn 't speak , but she could hear him shift in his seat .
tr	NN	The few patrons in the house glanced over , curious .
tr	NNS	" And my little cousins are really cute , although they can be a big pain sometimes .
tr	NN	" Sure am , my uncle taught me everything he knew about zombies !
tr	NN	" What coin toss ? "
tr	NNS	Her stifled shouts were not enough to wake the other girls , but she still flailed and struggled against the sheets .
tr	NN	Any colonel can defend that place .
tr	NN	The chemical stink of the tannery half a mile away .
tr	NN	The challenge didn 't go unanswered .
tr	NN	At the request her manner changed ; she seemed frightened !
tr	NN	About half the audience zipped their hands up with questions .
tr	NN	However , there is one little snag that might put a spanner in the works .
tr	NN	" He does look rather fit , " the colonel said .
tr	NN	" Her weakness is obvious . "
tr	NNS	What were the chances I 'd fit in here , a small school ?
tr	NN	Also , isn 't it a musical ? "
tr	NNS	At night , the non-pregnant members of the group took turns taking watch .
tr	NN	A trickle of fear slipped down Michaels ' spine at the look on the hologram 's face .
tr	NN	The last dragon had perished half a century ago .
tr	NN	My spine stiffened and my jaw hardened with resolve .
tr	NN	The gate agent returns and approaches him as if they know each other .
tr	NN	Why had his education been so ineffective ?
tr	NNS	DVDs cost three dollars , jeans supposedly from the Gap went for half that .
tr	NN	The quartz up at this end of the gorge has been fractured many times over the past several centuries . "
tr	NN	As if to validate her observation , a loud crash issued from an upper story of the REX .
tr	NNS	The captains are busy dealing with the disappearances . "
tr	NNS	The wood boards creaked under her heels , and the wind whistled through the trees overhead .
tr	NNS	If you do that , the withdrawal symptoms will most likely subside . "
tr	NNS	More promising were those pools of water and the strange creatures that inhabited them .
tr	NN	The ease with which she changed the infant 's diaper astonished Riley .
tr	NNS	Others , who appeared more grotesque and rancid from decomposing , acted like rabid dogs .
tr	NN	The vodka in my Lemon Drops -- plural -- must have been getting to me .
tr	NN	" My only option was to throw and distract the guy so Jones could kill him .
tr	NNS	Diggs answered on the second ring .
tr	NN	However its schedule was weather sensitive and departures were at best a one or two day estimate .
tr	NNS	Her footsteps slowed , and for a second she wanted to turn around and take Richard 's advice - just go home .
tr	NNS	Other servants light the lanterns that circle the raised platform .
tr	NN	His status as a Councilman makes him a target .
tr	NN	The goat and her kid were romping in their pen .
tr	NN	An owl watched from a tree , his feathers ruffled as a line of men walked slowly under him .
tr	NNS	As Sebastian sat on the bed , images of their time together paraded across his mind in greater detail .
tr	NN	An eternity seemed to pass before grunts and groans of pain sounded around him .
tr	NN	There was no hesitation in her .
tr	NN	Her parent 's divorce had happened over two years previously and Angelina had long since put it out of her mind .
tr	NNS	Vince 's eyelids fluttered open .
tr	NNS	Several more flakes followed the first one ; then they all disappeared in a swirl of wind .
tr	NNS	Black horns stood out from his equally blue hair and his wings were a deep blood red .
tr	NNS	Things are solidifying against the other one .
tr	NN	Her body language was proof she wasn 't the least bit excited .
tr	NN	The chanting jacked up two decibels and I imagined Mikey and Tracy being strung up and stoned if the masses didn 't get their beer .
tr	NN	The Hole was code for wherever we decided to " hole up " for the weekend .
tr	NNS	Again , a few seconds later , the footsteps behind us stopped too .
tr	NN	Still , the uncertainty weighed heavily on us ; we still had no idea what had caused the seizure in the first place .
tr	NNS	Things were simple then but somehow they got away from the simple things of life .
tr	NN	There was a heap of jewellery near his left hand , and he seemed to be cataloguing the pieces .
tr	NNS	His language skills had improved too , during this time , as had his living arrangements .
tr	NNS	The roads to the ladies ' estate were impassible due to an enormous snowfall .
tr	NN	Love was well aware of Stuart 's creative hobby .
tr	NNS	The villagers wouldn 't know how to relate to her at first , but given enough time they would get used to it . "
tr	NN	" That 's my job , " Storm said .
tr	NNS	Two sharp taps on the window jolted David into lowering the window .
tr	NNS	Her chances to do so ended a short time later .
tr	NN	Somehow , that measure of pride had left me hanging high and dry when Sage mentioned setting up a date with one of her guy friends .
tr	NNS	All the territories they occupied in the area were all garrisoned complete with stored armaments and have fuel depots .
tr	NNS	But degrees , it turned out , were sort of like hours .
tr	NN	Somewhere in the jumble a police scanner squawked with a dispatch to a domestic violence situation out in Chalmette .
tr	NN	When the first smudges began to appear it became obvious this thief was far from average .
tr	NN	The deputy replied : " Under no circumstances are you to go near him . "
tr	NNS	" He 's changed , but more than that , there are depths to him one cannot see unless he reveals them .
tr	NN	So did the guitarist and the mandolin player in similar hippie garb .
tr	NN	The great blue dragon in human form relaxed his head back against the wall behind him .
tr	NN	The rectangular hatch then automatically closed behind them , and the ship sped off through the trees , towards the city .
tr	NN	There was that pattern , too ... Night after night he felt the raw pain in each muscle anew as something pulled his veins and fibers apart .
tr	NNS	In fact , there weren 't many signs of anything at all , and hadn 't been in a few weeks .
tr	NNS	His political aspirations were strong and he 'd intended to run for Prime Minister at some point .
tr	NN	The poet had misled her .
tr	NNS	His caresses slowed , easing her though the aftershocks buffeting her .
tr	NN	Light , heat and smoke poured through .
tr	NN	Ten T y turned the corner by Night Owl 's and saw trouble immediately .
tr	NNS	The colours stopped forming and Jared could vaguely see what looked like a shadow of a head and shoulders with a chest and arms below .
tr	NNS	Looks like he was in some kind of trouble once , but it was several years ago back in Florida . "
tr	NNS	Underwater , powerful creatures thrashed against the side of the galleon .
tr	NN	Studying it carefully , Link sees that it strongly resembles him , as if he were looking into an altered mirror .
tr	NN	The puncture produced a distinct pop as the shaft drove forward until McCall 's hand rested against Aaron 's cheek .
tr	NNS	My devoted fans have worked all day on this mission ... .
tr	NNS	The phantom images receded into the darkness .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , the materials used in the manufacturing process must have been below standards because it tore up rather easily and I swallowed it . "
tr	NNS	There were thousands of names that repeated every ten minutes or so .
tr	NNS	The mages shifted and looked to one another .
tr	NNS	His actions took the man by surprise .
tr	NNS	The warriors charged for the field , each choosing a horse and within minutes , everyone was mounted and ready to travel .
tr	NNS	Window seats beckoned and shelves filled with books called to her .
tr	NN	From the wide crack in the ground , rich , dark soil spewed into the air like from a volcano .
tr	NN	That damage is from a fight I had earlier today .
tr	NNS	More important , there were positive conclusions to be drawn .
tr	NN	The pilot emerged from the craft and , after removing his computerized helmet , walked up to me , extending a gloved hand .
tr	NNS	Things around Bill were now quiet .
tr	NN	Or maybe the lack of air was already making me hallucinate , because I just couldn 't think of a way to stop her .
tr	NNS	The hallways stretched on , each one similar to the last : narrow , dark and red .
tr	NNS	To have escaped the endless hunger and oppression , the perilous mines , the lash of our final Head Peacekeeper , Romulus Thread .
tr	NN	Does insanity run in your family ?
tr	NNS	At the end of it , slivers of pale light glowed .
tr	NN	The brash fellow held up several gold coins , so we decided to humour him .
tr	NN	Your motto is like give people freedom and they 'll figure out what to do with it .
tr	NNS	" One too many French pastries for the douche ... " he loudly complained .
tr	NN	A white square of moonlight from the window framed the pillow and glowed over Marta 's long , undone hair .
tr	NNS	Laughter and cheers both on the screen and off .
tr	NNS	Before these fumes overwhelm us . "
tr	NN	Danni 's first instinct was to tear up , but she fought against it .
tr	NN	" So , the only option is to go with me .
tr	NNS	Glazed eyes stared off unfocused , their minds decayed , lost to the seductive grasp of their addictions .
tr	NN	Part of it was kicking people as well .
tr	NNS	Her own hearth companions were in or near her chamber , and far too few to match Canute 's .
tr	NNS	Words make good business ; however has little utility , as carriers of deep and true emotions .
tr	NN	" Any destination beyond Deck 11 is currently inaccessible for this unit , " the elevator software admitted .
tr	NN	There was only one option .
tr	NNS	Things that I wasn 't sure I really wanted to see .
tr	NN	His accent would probably have been a lot stronger if it wasn 't for the presence of poisoned vocal cord from his smoking .
tr	NNS	Others were unpredictable and their nightly routine varied from time to time .
tr	NN	" I know , ma petite .
tr	NNS	" A few drops of her blood may satisfy your craving , but it isn 't enough to sustain you indefinitely . "
tr	NNS	The coils drew tighter .
tr	NNS	To be free -- but they only charter boats up and down the river so , the chances are slim . "
tr	NN	Another gap and I don 't falter , soaring through the air and landing on the other side like a cat .
tr	NN	After all , Sutton 's murderer had been a step ahead of her since she first arrived in Tucson .
tr	NNS	Wings rose like great sheets of night .
tr	NN	The pipe nicked the corner of the man 's head , taking a chunk out of his skull .
tr	NNS	Guardians and Horns jammed at the exit , pushing , shoving in their hurry to flee .
tr	NNS	Things are making a little more sense now -- thank you for being honest with me .
tr	NNS	" Things are different now .
tr	NN	The melody began to vibrate acute in the attic hot , sunny position .
tr	NN	A stab in the back is all he can do ! "
tr	NNS	Flames burning themselves out in the motionless breeze .
tr	NNS	When she tensed , he bent close and whispered to her " Remember Emma , hugs don 't count .
tr	NNS	There were shouts , calls , the sounds of things being moved .
tr	NNS	Looks like you 've got something romantic going on . "
tr	NN	The pup was cute , but the kid cramped his style .
tr	NN	It penetrated through my muscles , deeper and deeper , its flaming tentacles snatching my vital organs , ripping them out of my body .
tr	NNS	I edged farther into the darkness of the big den , my paws brushing against the old , stale grass , disturbing nothing more .
tr	NN	This new concept is making my cool concept of blowing the machine Trig off the planet , a little more impossible .
tr	NNS	The bars slid open and the boots came .
tr	NN	The fellow wore a baseball cap and jean jacket .
tr	NNS	All my responsibilities and the obligation to keep their lives running smoothly .
tr	NN	The carpet under our feet was soft and plush .
tr	NN	The hood of her cloak had fallen back ; her hair was the color of blood in the bright light .
tr	NNS	Before I could decide to go for the nightgown or just make a run for it , his hides were at his .
tr	NN	The prim young spinster vanished , and Eleanor the passionate woman filled her place .
tr	NN	In my mind another sentence forms .
tr	NNS	Jez 's eyelids began to droop as he lost his mind into a swell of black , like fish darting back and forth blocking his way .
tr	NNS	Huge , fluffy flakes flew around her like little fairies .
tr	NN	A snort of laughter slipped past her anger .
tr	NN	a girl asked , a snake wrapped around her neck like a mink stole .
tr	NN	Love walked back to the window opened it wide and blew the smoke outside .
tr	NN	There was no bewilderment , no surprise .
tr	NN	The D and M ranch would not burn to the ground , and Brian would not die inside it .
tr	NN	His momentum sent him into the side of the house .
tr	NN	He went still , the predator roused to sharp , utter attention .
tr	NN	Jazz sucked in a deep breath and surprised herself by saying , " Yeah .
tr	NN	There was a misery in her voice that both Sydney and I picked up on .
tr	NNS	The warm colors of dusk faded .
tr	NN	Brandy dropped a bouquet , trying to wipe flower pollen from her eyes .
tr	NNS	His kisses were completely distracting her .
tr	NN	The room was austere and cold , lit only by the bloody red haze of a dying sun .
tr	NNS	The ladies stayed together for moral support .
tr	NNS	Her footsteps thundered back and forth as she paced and spoke in a different language .
tr	NNS	Not even the intercity gates could reach . "
tr	NN	My spine stiffened , and the hairs at the back of my neck tingled .
tr	NN	Plus , his celebrity status was a big problem .
tr	NNS	" Judge , " Josie stepped forward , " the ramifications would be even worse if Hannah was remanded to county care .
tr	NNS	Even so , radiation levels in southern Canada were still far above normal .
tr	NNS	There were two items .
tr	NNS	Others she introduces as friends of friends that needed a place to chill on the holiday .
tr	NN	The backseat was empty .
tr	NNS	There were half a dozen stalls , separated by partitions and with small doors to each .
tr	NNS	Diggs pulled me away from the edge a few inches , which made me think of the afternoon he 'd lost his brother here .
tr	NNS	" As you know only too well , your grandparents cut her off .
tr	NN	Each thrust in he felt his cock butt up against her womb .
tr	NN	" Well , sugar plum , to tell you the truth , I couldn 't have made this out if somebody hadn 't marked it .
tr	NNS	All characters , places and stories in this eBook are a work of fiction .
tr	NN	Terror had me stumbling to my feet , but my knees wouldn 't hold and I fell to the damp ground with a sob .
tr	NNS	She used her manicured hands and moved them up and down the white mini dress she was wearing .
tr	NNS	The twins were a myth , the greatest vampire hunters known to their people .
tr	NN	The factory was dark and gloomy .
tr	NNS	Even though he knew the other man couldn 't see him , his footsteps were light and cautious as he approached .
tr	NNS	Within just a few years , his sales were rising fast enough to make waves in the technology world .
tr	NN	The unit noted the weaponry and returned to its centurion .
tr	NN	The commander turned her eyes from him in apparent deference to his emotions .
tr	NN	" What 's a ' player ' ? "
tr	NN	My silk robe trailed beneath my feet as I strode along the hallways , towards the stairs .
tr	NN	So I think we 'll notice him if we see him , " The auburn said .
tr	NNS	Soon , drops of rain fell from the sky on his face .
tr	NN	The shelf behind her held her up , pushing against the bare skin of her bottom .
tr	NNS	The confused histories of the many newcomers , however , did not survive the language barrier very well .
tr	NN	The dragon flapped her wings and flew out of the pit .
tr	NNS	Two uniforms disappeared inside the house through the same door Dever had .
tr	NN	A tape went around his head .
tr	NN	The mass stopped and stared at him in silence .
tr	NN	This announcement created another stir .
tr	NNS	The winds cried through the walls .
tr	NN	A lesser race kept in existence to serve the masters , dependent on artificial means again , but to serve and be subdued .
tr	NNS	That stiffness just seemed to make him even angrier .
tr	NN	A soft sob left her mouth and she stopped talking the emotions very intense in her .
tr	NNS	Folks all over the South are praying . "
tr	NN	Brown liquid steam hissed out .
tr	NNS	Things like this just didn 't happen in real life .
tr	NNS	Things rumble up and down the street which cannot be cars .
tr	NN	Henry usual y eats at our house a few nights a week , and sometimes he sleeps over .
tr	NNS	The sheriff 's visits were getting fewer and farther between .
tr	NNS	All the family members who surrounded Simon on their arrival made her remember all the years she 'd gone without .
tr	NNS	The wolves converged on him eagerly , joyously .
tr	NNS	Maybe a few different emails that pointed to an anonymous , secure website would work .
tr	NN	No kidding , the place was out of a movie .
tr	NNS	Well , my instincts tell me that something is seriously wrong here . "
tr	NNS	Our attempts to prevent that might not go down too well .
tr	NNS	A few passengers were ascending the escalator , and McBride eyed them casually as he walked along .
tr	NN	The tailor pivoted the fabric and went back to cutting .
tr	NNS	The temperatures were too harsh and a man could freeze in a matter of minutes out there .
tr	NN	The proof was impossible .
tr	NNS	the countess asked , rising gracefully to her feet and approaching .
tr	NN	A crash came from the doorway .
tr	NNS	Images filled his mind , somewhat dimmer than he was used to , but unmistakable .
tr	NNS	" Your Highness , please don 't take offence if I decline your invitation .
tr	NNS	The cameras will follow you inside their home . "
tr	NN	Tonight 's referee is Daniel Langley . "
tr	NNS	There were no shouts ; no signs of a struggle , just the regular sound of footsteps .
tr	NNS	Lauren 's temples began to throb .
tr	NNS	Things started to click into place .
tr	NNS	The janitorial staff members that were present opened both the doors to the hallway , and the doors to the outside .
tr	NNS	Girls were scattered all over , as if frozen in the middle of running in different directions .
tr	NN	Lust was fleeting ; true love lasted forever .
tr	NN	To Anthony , the Italian agent she said " You gentlemen must 've broken the speed record for a trip from Manhattan to the White House . "
tr	NN	A smoker 's voice .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of what her grandmother told her kept circling through her mind .
tr	NN	Jack 's schedule hadn 't even entered my mind .
tr	NNS	" Maybe the ancestors even need me alive . "
tr	NNS	My classes are tough this semester . "
tr	NNS	" What are those creatures he talked of ? "
tr	NNS	Lights glowed from inside the windows .
tr	NNS	Tris rolls her eyes .
tr	NN	But the tail had come loose .
tr	NN	The guilt will always be there , that I finally acknowledged , but so also will my father .
tr	NNS	Goss sat down on the bumper and gingerly felt the knot on the back of his head .
tr	NN	The pit had to be fifty feet deep .
tr	NN	The senator stepped forward again .
tr	NNS	Things will go back to normal after I heal .
tr	NN	Slowly , the letters fade and the red bricks of the library come into view .
tr	NN	The headless torso kept fighting .
tr	NNS	The servants probably assumed that since he had tripped on their watch they would all be let go .
tr	NNS	There are limits to our protection .
tr	NN	The thunderous boom emanated from behind it .
tr	NN	As the sun began to set , an American sergeant appeared at the door and announced , " Okay , folks .
tr	NN	As if the cord between Adam and Scarlett weren 't enough .
tr	NNS	" But the most recent swarms are much larger . "
tr	NNS	All the worries of fatherhood seemed to be resting on his shoulders .
tr	NNS	The warriors around them whispered at the insult .
tr	NNS	the new countess told her bitterly .
tr	NN	The van jerks to a halt in front of my house , and Max pounds on the steering wheel .
tr	NN	Victor 's beautiful fey mate , Juliet , had visited with the rare herbs to keep her from aging .
tr	NN	" No , " said the Cursed Hand , pouting like a sixteen-year-old girl whose car keys have been taken away .
tr	NN	The mayor also has agreed to engage Merit 's grandfather once again as supernatural liaison on a probationary basis . "
tr	NNS	Until now , if anyone were to even discuss this sort of thing , their little spies would have passed along a warning .
tr	NNS	All the other teachers at her school , even the principal , talked about how happy the promise of their " love " had made her .
tr	NNS	Pressing the knob on her right , the sails have rolled into their individual mast .
tr	NN	His front bumper came even with my side door .
tr	NNS	Flames danced over the scales , sizzled and bubbled the reptile 's skin , searing down to the bone .
tr	NN	A rectangular wing with a gently sloping , peaked roof of red clay tiles extended from each side .
tr	NN	" Your venom has poisoned enough .
tr	NN	Your loyalty is going to be tested . '
tr	NN	His own reflection looked up at him .
tr	NNS	" Amy , " he said , " gorillas come to our camp at night . "
tr	NNS	" The zombies are getting too out of hand for this small group .
tr	NNS	Several dusty objects glittered softly in the harsh headlights of the tractor .
tr	NNS	Our skills haven 't grown . "
tr	NN	But luckily , there 's a new heroic bachelor in the city .
tr	NNS	" Folks in town are real happy now .
tr	NN	Most of us who live here now can trace ourselves back to the residents who lived here , " said their escort .
tr	NNS	The jaws snapped a couple of times and she spied sharp fangs .
tr	NNS	Enzo 's movements are flawless , and somehow I find myself moving in sync with him , my steps as accurate as his .
tr	NN	Despite his great fame today , who have come during the 1900s , the Master was unknown after his death for several hundred years .
tr	NN	Or when a politician claims to have a love for families , and doesn 't have a secret other family of his own .
tr	NN	" No kidding , " Wes snapped right back .
tr	NN	His uncle was quite explicit ... . .
tr	NN	The market sets up in the church plaza by the municipal building and the church itself .
tr	NNS	' My apologies for the late start but we 've had a band drop out tonight .
tr	NN	A splinter stuck into my fingers and I swore , very quietly .
tr	NNS	The blades come crashing against each other .
tr	NNS	No deaths , but -- " Valerie interrupted , " Where is he now ? "
tr	NN	Marcus 's scowl deepened , but Aiden continued , " You know how I feel about this .
tr	NN	The fragrance from them wafted across the parking lot and I just stood there for a few minutes watching her breathe it in .
tr	NN	What did the bastard mean ?
tr	NNS	Looks like I have to cut out of the party a little early , guys , sorry .
tr	NN	My belly was getting melty .
tr	NNS	Later ages would say it was crude , but then come to love the complexity and ingenuity of it .
tr	NN	The goon dropped , groaning incoherently .
tr	NN	Thomas ' explanation was so tragic and yet so understandable to him .
tr	NNS	Her wrists were free , and she rolled half to one side to grab one of her stakes just as another vampire lunged toward her .
tr	NN	The damage to his skin probably hid many other such marks of pestilence .
tr	NNS	Bottles of water and colored liquids lined one of the walls .
tr	NNS	Drugs , alcohol abuse , theft , assault are all on his long list of misdemeanours .
tr	NN	The hot steam escaping from the lid burned my upper lip and outer edges of my nose .
tr	NNS	There are no guarantees , just the day-to-day and the moment .
tr	NNS	" The fur traders , the Frenchmen and the Indians , have been rumbling about something .
tr	NN	How long is the extension for ? "
tr	NN	As he began unwrapping the desk , the priest shouted making him jump back .
tr	NN	An important discipline requires such work .
tr	NNS	As he lifted the pendant inches away from my face , images of that bloody night flooded back .
tr	NN	" There 's an aid car on the way , " the operator assured her .
tr	NNS	These ideas would eventually become the basis of John 's strategy .
tr	NNS	" Well , there are fifteen floors in the Panhandle Building , seven floors have already been done , and they are ninety percent leased .
tr	NN	Her pulse beat so strongly she could feel its steady pace in her fingertips .
tr	NN	The liquid was warm .
tr	NNS	The cousins ran into the thicket , pressed the relevant buttons and out of the forest ran two of the most beautiful leopards .
tr	NN	The herald lifted his arm , a flowing black scarf in his hand , then dropped it .
tr	NNS	Those bits of dull brown rock were diamonds ; when cleaned , they had the transparency of dirty glass .
tr	NNS	Romulus couldn 't deny the statement .
tr	NNS	Things just don 't happen that way . "
tr	NNS	Few clients were gambling downstairs , and most of them worked on the wrong end of the law .
tr	NN	As they say , the proof is in the pudding . "
tr	NN	The weeping finally tapered off .
tr	NN	Dove 's still listening , but there 's nothing to hear .
tr	NNS	Scots elves often also carry a dirk and two broad swords hanging from the belt .
tr	NNS	Folks in town claim it goes down to the center of the world . "
tr	NNS	More shots rang out from below .
tr	NNS	Hands were on her hips in irritation .
tr	NN	" The pain medicine makes you sleep a lot . "
tr	NNS	A few items ( looking like food ) slide out and they are gathered by the people who ordered them .
tr	NN	The rogue studied him as if assessing him .
tr	NN	The marina was lovely , especially this time of year .
tr	NN	And the dragon wondered why she didn 't run back to her mother for solace .
tr	NNS	Folks in Dundee took school sports very seriously .
tr	NN	There was another rustle , and Bill Door 's head appeared over the edge of the loft .
tr	NN	his uncle called to him .
tr	NN	What about , fat Fuck ! '
tr	NN	" Way to go , Eric .
tr	NN	Voracious hunger and this delectable food transformed her into a champion competitive eater .
tr	NNS	Choking fumes filled my head .
tr	NN	The goal was in sight .
tr	NNS	Classes met in the basement of the church .
tr	NN	Part of Erin 's mind kept buzzing over him even as she carried through his suggestion of concentrating the children 's attention on another story .
tr	NN	The hunger for it wasn , t rooted in his gut , but somewhere else .
tr	NN	Wearing night vision goggles , a French squad treks through the forest in the cover of darkness .
tr	NN	Of course , playful was a relative term .
tr	NN	The cart will be here soon !
tr	NNS	" And his trousers so puffed out he had to turn sideways to enter the room .
tr	NN	There was no St. John 's Hospital .
tr	NN	The hunger I felt at the sight of Ivy rebuilds inside of me .
tr	NN	A sticky mass fills up her mouth .
tr	NNS	" Yuk , yuk , yuk , " dying fleas were dropping off the kitten onto the newly washed tiled floor .
tr	NN	The jar connected with a solid thud , knocking the stalker aside .
tr	NNS	There were no protocols or papers nearby to tell anyone what was going on .
tr	NNS	Things didn 't always go as we planned them though .
tr	NN	The little male pup smiled , his tongue lolling out of his slobbery mouth .
tr	NN	By that time , all reasoning had left him and he wasn 't thinking about the biker and if he might come looking for her .
tr	NN	Overhead , heedless of the new and somewhat angry life that was even now dusting itself off , the sledge soared onwards through time and space .
tr	NNS	Others just stared curiously .
tr	NN	The footman pointed towards this room as he led Pierce across the hall , pronouncing it to be the main salon .
tr	NNS	Most sectors have reciprocal exchange programs whereby independent students are permitted into off-world training programs .
tr	NN	Sometimes folk just do something nice , Father . "
tr	NNS	But as the doctor said there were risks , a risk in wanting a guarantee of a normal baby .
tr	NNS	The countess tapped her glasses on the prep table .
tr	NNS	Lights went on in the house .
tr	NNS	As he reached for the knob to close the door , jaws clamped over his arm .
tr	NNS	The hobbits turned and fled deep into the shadows of the wood .
tr	NN	The sacred graphic imprinted on the bulkhead in front of the couch drew his attention .
tr	NN	Their progress toward the parking lot had slowed even further , but it was too late to suggest that Sugar wait while they brought the truck around .
tr	NN	Now , with the task set before her , the mountain seemed dark and frightening .
tr	NN	Our new arrangement runs through my mind and excites me on an unnatural level .
tr	NN	The same snake slowly crawled out of the core , wrapping around her arm .
tr	NN	" A stroke , the doctor says .
tr	NNS	Nerves kicked up inside me and I began to dread the rest of my time on this plane .
tr	NN	A warm chuckle left her , a sound that threatened to overwhelm his senses with pleasure .
tr	NN	The harsh croak carried a note of accusation that hardened Karen 's heart against him .
tr	NN	A challenge cannot take place without at least three witnesses . '
tr	NN	But the drunken fool that he was , Alex held the drill at an angle and firmly pressed the trigger .
tr	NN	There was a chorus of vulgar remarks .
tr	NN	Even through the veil his astonishment showed .
tr	NNS	The wolves wouldn 't run until the moon was high overhead , but that time would arrive soon .
tr	NN	My h * ps were making little twisting motions even as he pulled away .
tr	NNS	" The media are going to hound you for details .
tr	NNS	The additions wound deeper through the forest , branching off into new and different angles .
tr	NNS	The hall monitors stayed an hour after , and looked away whenever he walked by .
tr	NNS	The shoppers , with their department store bags and eyes in perfect balance , stepped over him , around him , beside him .
tr	NNS	Little figures come out every quarter of an hour and bang the bells ?
tr	NN	The lava was flowing past them : the family didn 't beat the lava flow down the mountain .
tr	NN	The tremble in my voice betrays me .
tr	NN	His command was shocking and it was said in a voice that was dangerous and chock full of meaning .
tr	NN	And I ' l take a look at that arm a yours . "
tr	NN	Before Carmine could say anything , the priest burst into a loud , boisterous laughing fit .
tr	NN	" Costs to the Federal government would be minimal , " the senator points out .
tr	NNS	The tunnels ran the length of the stadium , and I quickly thanked Trina for taking me under her wing .
tr	NN	From the beginning , the tormented warrior had known the act would change his life forever .
tr	NN	The candlelight seemed to be reflected in his eyes .
tr	NN	His twin glanced at Beth .
tr	NN	Her next release contracted around him , tightening around his cock .
tr	NN	Couldn , t get to first base . "
tr	NNS	And the spaces between the burning and the crisscrossing headlights is darker contrasted with the light .
tr	NN	Love trumps logic every time .
tr	NNS	The ladies pampered the boy ' mercilessly ' .
tr	NNS	Her footsteps echoed through the large room as she walked to the table where her beautiful tarts had formerly been .
tr	NN	The murmuring of the crowd died down as Jimmy came back from the hospitalization zone .
tr	NN	My head pound as thoughts after thoughts grew louder and louder .
tr	NNS	The class members were silent , exchanging sidelong glances .
tr	NNS	Things are the same here .
tr	NNS	Time travelers are always variables . "
tr	NN	A new tube of toothpaste , twice squeezed .
tr	NNS	Thin spines protruded from the top of its head and ran down the back of its neck .
tr	NNS	Smells of baked goods suffused the air , and children shouted with urgency .
tr	NNS	' The congratulations might be a little premature , though .
tr	NN	The hesitation was long enough to imply that she would indeed mind .
tr	NNS	The mothers of the girls gathered around Persia , complimenting her , praising her , and she blushed in appreciation .
tr	NNS	Her instincts drew her toward the balcony , from where she could watch the party without being seen herself .
tr	NN	The leader would have to take each day as it came .
tr	NNS	He commanded a force of nefarious , horrible creatures hell-bent on destroying humanity .
tr	NNS	Giant winged creatures and immortal vampires were in full-on war .
tr	NN	' Child , your brave mission does you honor .
tr	NNS	All her classmates were staring at her in awe .
tr	NN	The patrons watched him like terrified rabbits .
tr	NNS	The materials of the ceiling became infested with data streams and were rapidly converted into more data streams .
tr	NN	" My mommy says that I look like you . "
tr	NN	" So lightning struck your window after you got into a major collision ? "
tr	NN	With a hiss a barely visible gas entered the room from hidden ceiling ports and sounded over the bleep of the machines .
tr	NN	The TV was on .
tr	NN	An intellect floating , cut off from soft memory and hardware , alone forever in its own little realm .
tr	NN	The sentence didn 't make any sense , but Dollop believed all would become clear in time .
tr	NN	On the whole , any priest who cared about such things could ensure a high rate of success .
tr	NNS	The four band members entered the city .
tr	NNS	At the exact same time , two persons leapt out from the bushes and grabbed the blood soul by neck .
tr	NN	Before she could answer , the train whistle sounded .
tr	NNS	In her world , institute spies are everywhere and they 're all trying to follow her . "
tr	NNS	After grabbing a towel and making sure there were no objects in Tex 's way .
tr	NN	Joe Martinez ' career in the DA 's office progressed rapidly .
tr	NNS	New unemployment figures came out today , and how conveniently , unemployment is down by 0.7 % , the lowest value in the last nine months .
tr	NNS	Flames greeted her here , too , but they were the welcoming warmth from the temple 's sacred hearth .
tr	NNS	The swift currents reminded Balthasar of the last few years of his life .
tr	NNS	The windshield wipers sloshed back and forth , only just clearing the water now gushing down the windshield .
tr	NNS	" There 's only five degrees of frost .
tr	NN	An announcement mentioned Regina .
tr	NNS	The consequences of failure were too horrible to contemplate , and every second that passed counted against him .
tr	NNS	Lives each has settled into with a passion .
tr	NNS	Chills ran down my back .
tr	NN	Their merriment ceased abruptly , however , when , as one , they realized the precariousness of their position .
tr	NNS	Behind them , the horns blew , closer .
tr	NN	" This technique is illegal for a reason .
tr	NNS	My brain races , searching through the Norm Products unit we had to take in school .
tr	NNS	Strangers didn 't come through this little village often and it had gotten worse in the last three years .
tr	NNS	Minor variables might intrude and the Organic Mental Cores could be different .
tr	NNS	I guess with the fast-paced aspect of the tech world , hiring practices are a little quicker at places like this .
tr	NNS	Others had told him , that as long as you kept your distance from the Yakuza , there was no need to worry about them .
tr	NN	" Ladies and Gentlemen , " a sultry brunette in a sequined blue dress said over the speaker , walking to the center of the stage .
tr	NN	" A surgeon came ? "
tr	NN	The firefighter must have been having breakfast before or after her shift .
tr	NNS	The elves fought back with great valor and the sword proved to be useful , but the magic and cunning of the immortals proved too much .
tr	NN	A loud snort escaped it as its snarl fell away and its eyes closed briefly .
tr	NNS	Adam kisses Evie again , then turns sharply and marches off to the ship .
tr	NNS	The chances of her being in danger were very small .
tr	NNS	How he wished he could tell her how foolish her fears were , but they weren 't .
tr	NNS	The pangs of hunger had caught up to me , and I couldn 't recall when I had last eaten .
tr	NN	The only other language I can speak is French , so I 'm not sure what language it is .
tr	NNS	But the lies had rolled off her tongue .
tr	NNS	The horns fell silent .
tr	NNS	Even when everything around him appeared calm , his priorities could change in a heartbeat .
tr	NNS	What were the chances they would survive as long as he had ?
tr	NNS	His sneakers squeaked against the wooden planks .
tr	NNS	And believe me , most supernaturals would die before wanting to deal with spirits . "
tr	NN	My sleep schedule was sporadic , and I would be lying if I claimed to have never dozed off at work .
tr	NN	Just boredom and lost sleep .
tr	NNS	Gramps and I pull apart and I wipe my face again .
tr	NN	Her honesty had to be a ruse .
tr	NNS	Their promises of new life , the waters to be found , gave incitement to what would bring him every dawn to the hills surrounding his village .
tr	NN	An old scar ran upwards across his right cheek bone , and Sally felt a strange but compelling urge to reach out and touch it .
tr	NNS	Girls don 't say that . "
tr	NN	The roar of flame gave way to a hideous shriek , and then a steady , chewy silence shrouded by black smoke .
tr	NN	" Yes , " said the captain .
tr	NN	The pilot looks and confirms .
tr	NNS	Her Black Jewels glowed .
tr	NN	But a majority of Russians do not want a return to totalitarianism , and every poll says that .
tr	NN	The sergeant holds his throat microphone and speaks , " this is Alpha we have breach .
tr	NN	" There 's no proof . "
tr	NNS	There were footsteps on the stairs .
tr	NN	How long does avoidance work until the whole world is drowning in blood ?
tr	NN	The archangel swept his hand in a wide swath before him .
tr	NNS	" Cheap and easy , no strings attached . "
tr	NN	" All right now , show 's over , " the captain said .
tr	NN	Their yard wasn 't large , but her father 's landscaping was meticulous .
tr	NNS	Life changes , that look said , whether you want it to or not .
tr	NNS	Two figures step out of the boat and head toward us , " Okay , fun 's over , time to head back to Innocents . "
tr	NNS	There were footsteps behind me .
tr	NNS	Things didn 't work out as we planned . "
tr	NNS	Her fears were understandable , but she couldn 't stop living life because of the accident and I needed to make her see that .
tr	NN	Link smiled raising his eyebrows .
tr	NN	The built-in shelf bra of her tank top puffed out with water .
tr	NN	The intruder had wrapped it up in thick , brown paper .
tr	NN	Could this cloaked figure she was following be a Guardian Mage ?
tr	NN	Mr. Tanner 's briefcase flew from his hand , cracking open onto the hallway floor .
tr	NNS	She laughed out loud , " Oh , yeah , all the Buckhead churches have quite a lot of them .
tr	NN	Every Book of Shadows had its own power .
tr	NN	" Does this fellow happen to remember the process ? "
tr	NN	" Well , there is another option . "
tr	NNS	Bugs ushered Gabriel toward the stage and directed him to his mark .
tr	NN	Everyone wil probably find out in the morning . "
tr	NNS	The drops on the windshield sounded like tiny bombs going off .
tr	NNS	The Molotov cocktails had proved stronger than the sprinklers .
tr	NN	Death and darkness surrounded us and it felt like there was more of it to come .
tr	NNS	Most elves dwell on the ground .
tr	NN	A cord tripped him up , sent him crashing to his stomach .
tr	NNS	Because your lady bits do not scare me - " " Yeah , no thanks . "
tr	NNS	Normally , our troop levels at Scott would 've been half what they were . "
tr	NN	A tremor of foreboding went through Sheridan .
tr	NNS	Things had loosened up a lot in the last ten years or so .
tr	NN	The headmaster rushed forward .
tr	NNS	20 degrees left , then 40 degrees right and back to center heading 250 degrees .
tr	NNS	" And last I checked , Mal pirates aren 't government .
tr	NNS	Romulus yelped in pain and disappeared into the night .
tr	NN	A short time later , a silver sedan slowly drove down the street towards the men .
tr	NNS	When the NSA guys check the basement , their LED flashlights reveal footprints in the floor dust , evidence of recent use .
tr	NNS	But the elves had no intention of doing this .
tr	NNS	" Our strange little skills come in handy . "
tr	NNS	Flames started to spark around her .
tr	NN	The clink of boots and the snorting of horses filled the crisp fall air .
tr	NN	The audience responded , but not as much as they did with Valeria .
tr	NNS	If Thad is involved in this ruse ... well , there are just too many variables to consider .
tr	NNS	Alexis had a tech with him and they were conducting tests .
tr	NNS	Need be , if our fights got too bad I could go there and feel like I wasn 't without my things .
tr	NN	So , the shooting range is out then ? "
tr	NNS	Thoughts of Eleanor Baker may have eventually slipped away , if not for the fact that Kenneth Baker shopped at the same grocery store as Gabby .
tr	NN	Had the bullet hit someone , or were they screaming in response to the sound of gunshots ?
tr	NN	There was a small rectangular plaque mounted on it , just above a bullseye peephole .
tr	NNS	And chances are this is a test by whatever god is protecting her .
tr	NN	" My teacher criticized my intentional truancy .
tr	NNS	Those pills tempt you ; you 're still doing it .
tr	NNS	The new protocols she 'd developed would prevent that , at least .
tr	NNS	A thousand possibilities crossed my mind all at once .
tr	NN	" A powerful shield leaves residual energy , and your friend Porsche was very powerful indeed .
tr	NNS	The visitors squinted in the harsh light and they heard a familiar voice .
tr	NNS	Soft smoothness caressed my hand .
tr	NN	There was grim resignation in his growly voice .
tr	NNS	The footsteps became audible , and her body stiffened .
tr	NN	Suddenly , a vent high up on one of the walls , pops out .
tr	NNS	One bursts through the tees , transforming and running towards our party .
tr	NNS	Maybe the footprints are the answer .
tr	NN	Behind them , the single stair creaked again .
tr	NNS	Sometimes the colliding images weren 't terrible .
tr	NN	" The success of this mission depends on you .
tr	NNS	Three acres didn 't qualify as a " mini ranch , " though they still largely fed Marge and him .
tr	NNS	" There are several villages near the border where the citizens are highly suspicious of strangers with no valid reason for passing through . "
tr	NN	That pitch back there , he thought , it must 've dumped a helluva ballast to be able to pick us up .
tr	NN	The badge on the front proudly declared it a Ford .
tr	NNS	Then the detectives had spent forty-five minutes tracking him down .
tr	NN	The cold slush seeped right through Spencer 's riding boots , straight to her toes .
tr	NN	The mayor basically kicks everyone else out as a gesture of goodwill to the travelers .
tr	NNS	The gates swung silently to behind her as the carriage entered the palace courtyard .
tr	NNS	Others were asleep , sprawled out on benches and on the sheeted floor .
tr	NN	The choking stench of hypocrisy was overwhelming .
tr	NN	Wasn 't hospice care for the elderly and terminally ill ?
tr	NNS	Other traders , Indians , and fur trappers who worked the Rocky Mountains , had made up their clientele .
tr	NN	The T-shirt molded to his muscular shoulders .
tr	NNS	Others would argue for that mindless choreographer , Chance .
tr	NNS	Then when you decide to come home , Pop flings open his arms and gives over the restaurant .
tr	NNS	His instincts were useless when it came to her for some reason .
tr	NN	Love pulsed inside him as he held her , stroking her back , listening to her precious heartbeat .
tr	NN	The colonel looked worried .
tr	NNS	" Things haven 't changed much , have they , Chuck ? "
tr	NNS	Things have gone terribly wrong , and she needs me .
tr	NNS	Just over the clerk 's shoulder , the ghosts took their leave .
tr	NNS	Myles had a feeling he might have to arrest these two .
tr	NN	Way to make me feel special .
tr	NN	Her pulse pounded heavily in her ears .
tr	NNS	" Which we do , " the duchess reminded her daughter .
tr	NNS	The fairies scattered at his approach .
tr	NNS	" There are many roads to oneness and the body travels one of them . "
tr	NNS	The associates who 'd worked on the case surged around Michael , congratulating him on beating murder one .
tr	NNS	Looks like Skyla fell out of favor with the Bitch Squad .
tr	NN	And a shrink would help you get cured of it . "
tr	NN	That belly was larger than it should have been , given the early state of her pregnancy .
tr	NNS	Your buddies here are gon na go with you . "
tr	NNS	There were literally thousands of crates , bales , rolls and baskets of every kind of good imaginable .
tr	NNS	His movements are fluid and his attacks are strong .
tr	NN	" There 's a good fellow .
tr	NN	The commander pushed the centurion as it released its armor .
tr	NN	The agony she suffered came from deep inside - a weight of grief so heavy no human should ever be expected to carry it .
tr	NN	A guardian I didn 't know had just finished setting up some practice dummies on one end of the field .
tr	NNS	Of course , all these exotic trappings wouldn 't have devastated Aunt Linda as much as the stark fact of Hadley 's murder .
tr	NN	Alcide 's bundle looked like nothing on this earth but a corpse wrapped in a shower curtain .
tr	NN	The dock was empty except for seagulls and rats .
tr	NNS	In the mail , there were six letters from my father .
tr	NNS	My footsteps echoed through the stark kitchen .
tr	NN	Its master wasn 't that understanding .
tr	NNS	There are cameras everywhere .
tr	NNS	Slightly perplexed , the investigators tailed him , curious expressions splashed across their faces .
tr	NNS	Nervous butterflies scuttled around her belly before her chin finally came up and she felt calm descend .
tr	NNS	His eyelids grew heavy as the sun rose over the horizon .
tr	NNS	His siblings were soldiers , and so had his father been in his day .
tr	NN	Reality is , in effect , our prison .
tr	NNS	A silver Mercedes , looking exactly like the one he drove to and from work every day , was now outside his house .
tr	NN	Her absence left them especially hollow and directionless .
tr	NNS	My servants are yours to command and the Keep is at your disposal . "
tr	NN	The healer went for the door , and he followed without a word .
tr	NNS	Not only was his sister lost , her genetic traits would eventually vanish from the human gene pool .
tr	NNS	There were no parking spaces so they just stopped in the street outside number thirty .
tr	NN	The demand was strong in her mind .
tr	NN	The thrill of stealing suffered under the weight of guilt .
tr	NN	' Hello Edith , love , how 's your belly for spots ? '
tr	NNS	There were other unwanted visitors out there .
tr	NN	There equipment is old and outdated .
tr	NN	Her conviction surprised me a little , but then I smiled .
tr	NN	The SG sergeant turned to his subordinate with a frown .
tr	NN	Another clench of her stomach reminded her that she didn 't have the luxury of sitting here pondering the extent of her new abilities .
tr	NN	A new dawn had set in .
tr	NN	Maybe the thief doesn 't have to be a demon .
tr	NNS	The daggers flew from my hands , skidding along the dry dirt , kicking up plumes of dust .
tr	NN	As his personality curdled and then turned malignant , as his self-hatred began to strangle him , his lust for power became all consuming .
tr	NNS	The marine twins have no intention of hitting him with a knockout punch , but instead aim to wear him down until he cannot go on .
tr	NNS	" The countess doesn 't want you to get lost . "
tr	NN	You 'll suffer from kidney stones , " the vendor said when she accepted the payment .
tr	NN	The TV was on , but they were shouting over it and goofing around .
tr	NN	Link asked with wide eyes .
tr	NN	" For the entire balance in my corporate account .
tr	NNS	Fairy tales just like the one about the Snow Wolves . "
tr	NN	And then there 's all this muck The Sunday Mail has been writing about us . '
tr	NN	Still , a bungled robbery would be better than a serial killer .
tr	NNS	In the distance the familiar sirens blared .
tr	NNS	Subconscious movements don 't lie . "
tr	NNS	His nostrils filled with the acrid tang of smoke and heat .
tr	NNS	Things are getting pretty crazy around here .
tr	NNS	His accusations made her uncomfortable in ways he probably couldn 't even fathom .
tr	NN	" But , darling - " " Bring me the device ! "
tr	NNS	Black spots dotted my vision and my chin dropped to my chest .
tr	NN	Part of me didn 't want to go in and look at his things , now mine .
tr	NN	Today 's exercise would not be a very realistic simulation with only one demon present . "
tr	NN	A small mob materialized around Ridley , but Clay whisked her off .
tr	NN	Where was her mate ?
tr	NN	His advanced brain unit was one of the few components that had escaped serious damage .
tr	NNS	Romulus grabbed his shovel and began unearthing more of the casket .
tr	NN	The choir fell silent .
tr	NNS	Sadness pooled in the depths .
tr	NNS	And the accommodations you have are the best you 'll get , so make yourself as comfortable as you can , " the nurse said .
tr	NNS	Our rivals know you by name and will fear you .
tr	NN	" Well , attacking makes tactical sense .
tr	NNS	" Others simply have pointed pupils and pointed ears . "
tr	NNS	And why did the uniforms who drove us come inside ?
tr	NN	A boot landed inches from my face , whipping me with the wind of its passage .
tr	NNS	The two other bridesmaids had to stop by and admire and check on last-minute plans .
tr	NNS	My fingernails had all but disappeared from my anxious biting of them .
tr	NNS	The edges of the forest appeared dark and endless , wholly uninhabitable in the darkest hours of night .
tr	NNS	Nerves had gotten the best of him .
tr	NN	But there was no other acceptable option , che !
tr	NNS	Its followers were quite faithful and devout . "
tr	NN	" My receptionist told me you were fired from your job .
tr	NN	The throbbing suddenly made itself known .
tr	NN	His squad began to move for the door , but in a moment , he was transported to hell .
tr	NNS	All the characters in this book are fictitious , and any resemblance to actual persons , living or dead , is purely coincidental .
tr	NN	Obviously , the sheriff had not thought so since he 'd never asked to speak to Morris .
tr	NN	The clatter of Mrs. Hill 's voice over the P.A. system was an indistinct murmur .
tr	NN	Your accent seems familiar ? "
tr	NNS	Looks like I 'm their purpose now .
tr	NNS	The two ladies clapped along and hugged Philip while Jason got the comfy armchair ready for him .
tr	NNS	But all the Guardians were absolutely paranoid about the possibility of theft .
tr	NNS	Wild strands of his hair partially obscured his feverish eyes .
tr	NNS	" There are more cinnamon rolls on the counter . "
tr	NNS	" Can you ladies climb aboard , or will you be needing assistance ? "
tr	NN	My clit pulsed and I wondered if this kind of reaction to a man was normal .
tr	NN	A red haze descended over Isaac 's vision and his right hand curled into a fist .
tr	NNS	Others picked up the shouts , passing them along the line of ragged defenders standing atop the wall .
tr	NNS	His hopes went up -- though he did not see the woman yet , the path was full of turns and bends .
tr	NNS	My pulse races and my voice sounds shaky .
tr	NNS	" And very strong recommendations , " Ben added helpfully .
tr	NNS	But no other tunnels , " said Howard .
tr	NN	But Kylie 's guilt over walking away from Lucas earlier made seeing him feel imperative .
tr	NNS	There were a little more than a dozen cottages bunched together with no roads .
tr	NNS	The images bombard me .
tr	NNS	Capital letters don 't do the power of the voice justice .
tr	NN	Nausea roiled in her stomach .
tr	NNS	A thousand possibilities floated before her .
tr	NN	The notebook contained the itinerary his conference coordinator had put together for the Labor Day weekend merger signing .
tr	NNS	" My apologies , " he said .
tr	NNS	The drinks would be my specialty that night , and I had just begun to mix them up when I heard a blood-curdling shriek from upstairs .
tr	NNS	Too often the courts had their eyes on the law and their ears open for whispers from economic powers .
tr	NN	" Part of me do -- part of me don 't . "
tr	NN	Her honor had returned .
tr	NN	That night , when darkness shielded him from view , the ape was back , to do more spying through the shrubbery .
tr	NNS	Elias studied his son intently for a few beats .
tr	NNS	Their scales were the same shade as blood , and their temples were flared .
tr	NNS	These bins came in many varieties and were available at most large retail stores , but not all were created equal .
tr	NNS	Images flashed into his mind .
tr	NNS	The Spanish moss draped mystically from the branches of the desolate cypress trees .
tr	NNS	But from the point of view of everything , the consequences of crime and tragedy are not as they appear .
tr	NN	The hatch crashed back open , improperly latched in his haste .
tr	NN	Our secret trick , he agreed .
tr	NNS	Barnabas , Barnabas , Barnabas ... I grappled to fit two loose ends together .
tr	NNS	Others , who are brave enough to refuse the Mark , will starve or freeze to death without any action on the part of the Antichrist himself .
tr	NN	Bit by bit , the pulse of the bar slowed and returned to normal .
tr	NNS	In the village , pets had a purpose , and none of them belonged to her .
tr	NNS	Bugs can get pesky here in Malta , Evangeline . "
tr	NNS	Morley 's vampire followers didn 't seem especially happy about her act of kindness .
tr	NNS	Things squished under her feet that she was grateful she could not see .
tr	NNS	The leaders were getting really controlling and it was making Caretakers nervous .
tr	NNS	Kids with backpacks walk briskly into the room , talking and laughing .
tr	NN	" Just a little hiccup in the fine motor skills , pal .
tr	NNS	The entire thing was swallowed up in the earthquake , crushed flat , the catacombs pulverized . '
tr	NN	" Is there any one of us who doesn , t want to strike back at all the evil in this world ?
tr	NNS	Small stalls selling everything from paintings for tourists , to smoking paraphernalia for the locals , lined the promenade wall .
tr	NN	Every rustle of fabric and zipped zipper brought a vivid picture into my mind .
tr	NN	A final batch of components remained , and I simply could not bear the thought of leaving them behind unassembled .
tr	NN	But as Sam reached the culprits , his resolve weakened and the banjo thumped to the dirt .
tr	NN	An angel must have been cushioning his fall when he had pitched down those stairs .
tr	NNS	The upper halves displayed several symmetric compartments protruding from the surface of the ship .
tr	NN	A roar went up from both sides .
tr	NN	The senator asked us to do some ads supporting his new education initiative . "
tr	NN	The lust was becoming unbearable .
tr	NN	The bastard let out an ear-splitting scream and fell towards me .
tr	NN	From out of nowhere , a sob escaped my chest .
tr	NN	" The van , " Paris said .
tr	NN	The author was one of her favorites but to Shana 's surprise her mind kept wandering away from the page .
tr	NN	There was a loud crash and then the slaughter began .
tr	NNS	After all , our provisions went down with the raft .
tr	NN	My hunger was ruling my brain as well as my good sense .
tr	NNS	The roads had vanished in places under a layer of dirt .
tr	NN	My usual gasping ritual is absent , instead my eyes simply opening and all I can think is : What the hell ?
tr	NN	the dragon kindly asked , blinking those big golden eyes .
tr	NN	They don , t turn into monsters .
tr	NNS	The workings of a wolf body surprised him .
tr	NNS	The man 's kisses could cause a nuclear meltdown .
tr	NN	My uncle grimaced awkwardly and shifted on his feet .
tr	NNS	The governments involved are trying to destroy this facility because it 's the hub of all of the secret underground military facilities around the world .
tr	NN	Her grandmother rolled her eyes , but she couldn 't stop the bright smile that spread across her youthful face .
tr	NNS	Lots of people find themselves in that position .
tr	NN	" All the blood Vlad gave me put more than my hearing into overdrive . "
tr	NN	Atop the pedestal rested an ornate golden goblet set with glittering gemstones .
tr	NN	" If Venture falls , the entire Final Empire would feel the tremors . "
tr	NN	A certain identity thief I had recently introduced to local authorities had been spewing venom at me just a few weeks ago .
tr	NN	Every option against your sovereignty is a danger -- not to you , Your Majesty , but to the people of this City .
tr	NN	The sheriff scrutinized Angie .
tr	NNS	There was one smallish bedroom downstairs , and he glanced in its door .
tr	NNS	The smaller wolves began to jump at him .
tr	NNS	Things were changing between them .
tr	NNS	There were no clear signs of who was winning though .
tr	NN	When he called Rigel 's name , the teacher watched intently as he took his seat behind Trina .
tr	NNS	There were certainly many werewolves in the country , and every wooded glen had its fey .
tr	NN	The shallow pool ? "
tr	NNS	Some traders came down to the Shield Valley with horses from the north .
tr	NN	What if there was no redemption for him ?
tr	NN	Beside it Hugo slept on his perch , beak tucked under wing .
tr	NNS	These tours pull out on time . "
tr	NNS	The wolves descended and as I curled into the fetal position I remembered I could get out .
tr	NNS	Your ancestors must have known the secret writing .
tr	NNS	All the young ladies were busy courting the submariners .
tr	NN	' Not yet , Ancient One , ' the ambassador replied .
tr	NNS	The images hurt my mind and my heart like shards of glass .
tr	NN	A fake Holey wouldn 't work for the Director either , because the Director is going to have him Reconstructed .
tr	NN	Their old headquarters was nice , but not nearly big enough to accommodate over twelve thousand people .
tr	NN	A thud sounded above as a hand reached down to me .
tr	NN	Her partner turned about , and his thin lips drew back from his crooked yellow teeth .
tr	NN	Her spine straightened in indignation .
tr	NNS	The wedding preparations were in full swing and more often than not Taylor found himself being in the way with no idea how to contribute .
tr	NNS	Most political candidates made the purchase during election years .
tr	NN	A ferocious roar sounded as Ronan , the bouncer , ran past , heading outside in his Kodiak bear form .
tr	NN	" The name 's William Ashby , " the pilot continued .
tr	NN	The captain would hurl us both overboard . "
tr	NN	" There was some folded lingerie at the end of the bed .
tr	NNS	Rufus looked at his daughter with renewed respect .
tr	NN	My neighbor rattles his head , no .
tr	NNS	Long , jagged strips of skin lay away from the body , radiating from the victim 's torso .
tr	NNS	The colors were burgundy , dark gray , and white , which I actually thought looked kind of nice together .
tr	NN	The faint green glow to his eyes and the black blood pulsing beneath his pale skin gave him away .
tr	NN	My pulse sped up .
tr	NN	That simple exercise added some perspective to the true sensitivity of my heightened senses and I was duly amazed .
tr	NNS	Others around it scooted away desperately .
tr	NNS	Trent edges up behind me and the air in the room grows thicker .
tr	NNS	Delores patted my hand and gave me a reassuring smile .
tr	NNS	Looks like a Land Cruiser . "
tr	NN	And as for territory , the entire East coast is yours if you want it .
tr	NNS	Cassius felt his skin flush .
tr	NN	" Next family celebration I 'm going to is her funeral . "
tr	NNS	The remaining visitors , however , were still enjoying themselves and had been so while he 'd been digging through his past .
tr	NNS	The Blues Train rehearsals took place on a Tuesday evening and were Theo 's favourite part of the week .
tr	NN	But surely kidnapping trumped anything she 'd done .
tr	NN	The mermaid named Rema said .
tr	NNS	All the errands outside the house were my responsibility .
tr	NN	" What 's sperm ? "
tr	NN	The notion struck him with such appeal that he had lifted his hands to the arms of his chair without even realizing it .
tr	NN	Link knew a little , but telling him more may put his life in danger .
tr	NNS	Werewolves , witches , warlocks , ghouls and gargoyles gained an upper hand on occasion for a short time .
tr	NNS	There were highly polished wooden floors throughout and the brass fixtures and portholes absolutely gleamed .
tr	NN	When they all followed suit , the leader screamed in frustration .
tr	NN	Soon a healthy fire licked over the logs and warmth began emanating from the hearth .
tr	NN	Every inch of my body is shivering , but it has nothing to do with being cold .
tr	NNS	Nick 's kisses increased in ferocity .
tr	NNS	Romulus took one last glance at his grandmother : Miss Blok screamed and cocked back her arm , still clenching the blade .
tr	NNS	Things that are going to change your life forever , and now I 'm not sure it was the right decision . "
tr	NNS	Things went smoother after she decided to give life alone a chance , but she still had her moments .
tr	NN	We ' l talk about that later .
tr	NN	A totem , he thought .
tr	NN	" Your Majesty is very kind , " the sergeant replied .
tr	NNS	And now , Tall tales and all , you 've fallen into sleep .
tr	NNS	Her Christmas cookies were out of this world , and she couldn 't make them fast enough to keep any around for long .
tr	NNS	Flames erupted on the creature 's body , breaking out all over as it rose , screaming , into the sky .
tr	NNS	Everyone wins , that is if I get paid for the money I already put out . "
tr	NNS	Things were always better with Jonathan in the secret hour .
tr	NN	The policeman went down .
tr	NN	Part of him wanted to run over to wherever Bates was recovering from his trauma and throttle him for such an appalling failure .
tr	NNS	Things were full and internships were rare anyways .
tr	NN	The sunshine was streaming through the damaged tree .
tr	NN	Part 1 comprises episodes 1-4 in the trilogy and in itself is a standalone work .
tr	NN	The Empire constructed new housing , government buildings , schools , highways , and dams .
tr	NNS	Things were happening so fast , now .
tr	NN	His kindness would be her undoing .
tr	NN	" Overnight delivery for you Rachel , " the receptionist said , handing Rachel a cardboard envelope .
tr	NN	Her bosom was showing too much soft roundness for his taste , and her small waist was even more accentuated .
tr	NN	" The senator told me that you could fix anything . "
tr	NNS	Their nostrils were flaring .
tr	NNS	Others said it was a story about a twinkling platypus in the sky .
tr	NNS	Our chances of survival are obviously better that way . "
tr	NN	The entire settlement lay below the surface .
tr	NNS	" Where are your grandparents ? "
tr	NN	The castle was far much larger than it looked outside .
tr	NNS	The first two deaths had occurred less than three weeks apart .
tr	NNS	More figures were coming down the street .
tr	NN	With that charming personality of hers . "
tr	NNS	There are no dumb ideas .
tr	NN	A few sentence fragments that I didn 't quite understand ?
tr	NN	The only witness , you see .
tr	NN	" The coral is effective only in salt water .
tr	NN	The nun would knock on the door and then enter setting the Pontiff 's cup on the ancient mahogany desk in the corner of the room .
tr	NN	" She 's a nice lady , Mia , " Storm says with a sigh , like she 's said it a hundred times before .
tr	NN	Simple would be to forget about him .
tr	NNS	Of course , sharing close quarters with three band members who had mixed feelings about me wasn 't that fun either .
tr	NN	The townsfolk that they did see looked to be living in complete poverty .
tr	NN	The Masters live on .
tr	NN	A spark danced in Liam 's eyes , and he traced the lip of his beer bottle .
tr	NNS	Her survival instincts had goaded her to hit the clubs in search of a meal , but fear had prevented her from taking a victim home .
tr	NN	The squishy thud brought Emme back from the ledge as she shook in violent tremors .
tr	NNS	Words left his lips in a vicious staccato .
tr	NNS	Things were looking good . "
tr	NNS	" These suits are going to slow us down .
tr	NN	The captain rolled his eyes .
tr	NNS	Miss Lynn 's origins were no less humble .
tr	NNS	Animals were so desperate for food they were willing to eat anything and people were so desperate for food they were willing to eat poisoned animals .
tr	NNS	" Who are these sources ? "
tr	NN	" Ow , ow , ow , ow .
tr	NNS	My companions shall return in love . "
tr	NNS	There were cameras everywhere . "
tr	NNS	The couples across the table stared at us , not really understanding what we were saying , but feeling the love flowing between us .
tr	NNS	There were attempts to give the town some ambiance , but you could see it was thrown together haphazardly .
tr	NN	The Sphinx set the rod down on the table , and Kendra did likewise .
tr	NNS	The twins stood in the middle of that ring , staring at their mother .
tr	NNS	There are saddles in the barn and we 've arranged for riding lessons for the both of you .
tr	NN	And Alisa 's birthday is coming up toward the end of the year , so we 'll have to do something special for her .
tr	NN	Link didn 't have one .
tr	NNS	The beautiful oranges and blues of the fire make my eyes feast .
tr	NN	Her lamp was waning , and she would soon be in pitch blackness with no means of sight or guidance .
tr	NN	The alligator snapping turtle uses its pink tongue to lure in fish that believe the tongue is a worm .
tr	NN	" Part of me 's relieved I didn 't actually kill someone .
tr	NNS	These wolves here don 't stand a chance .
tr	NN	A cavernous roar filled her ears .
tr	NN	The cottage is by the woods .
tr	NNS	Six or seven large wooden , bladed , fans hung from the ceiling .
tr	NNS	Rags lay under the table at Teddy 's feet .
tr	NNS	" Business deals sometimes go bad and someone gets hurt . "
tr	NNS	There were no signs of life .
tr	NN	The pack leader adjusted his posture a little more defensively .
tr	NN	Its absence of words rises confusion in me .
tr	NN	A provocative suggestion if he 'd ever heard one .
tr	NNS	" My apologies , " Sarah mumbled as she entered and the room stopped as everyone stared at her , causing Sarah to blush .
tr	NNS	Jewels chatted quietly at the Lifeless , though it never responded .
tr	NN	The eyeball sat in a pocket of skin and jelly , the iris huge and brown .
tr	NNS	Screams came from inside .
tr	NN	The captain arrived only moments after he did .
tr	NN	My schedule fills up quickly . "
tr	NNS	Girls and good times , " said the man as he watched his party move away .
tr	NNS	Hands flew to her hair , tugging erratically .
tr	NN	A generous neighbor had set them up with dried elk before the uprising , enough for the winter ahead .
tr	NNS	His letters had no such definition .
tr	NNS	Lots of people would start by jumping back in time - say to 400 BC and the incredible energy of Greek thought in both science and philosophy .
tr	NNS	The changes Taylor saw in Lilly Ann were gradual , yet dramatic .
tr	NNS	No strings attached . "
tr	NNS	" The werewolves who killed your friends were evil , but werewolves -- as a species -- are not inherently evil .
tr	NN	The gnome gardener was already talking .
tr	NN	In case I failed to mention it before , the term policeman is a politically correct term for " political assassin " .
tr	NN	The roar in her head seemed somehow muffled , as if a screaming child had been moved to another room .
tr	NN	" The witness rubbed a trembling hand over his face .
tr	NN	* * * * Arden 's migraine had transferred to Bill through some sort of evil osmosis .
tr	NN	To his knowledge a mortal had never been in contact with the artifact .
tr	NNS	" There are no nappies or white dresses in my future . "
tr	NNS	His pupils were far too wide , and his face shone with a sheen of perspiration .
tr	NNS	Looks like you and I had the same idea .
tr	NN	Because , really , there was no other explanation for what had just happened .
tr	NN	A small detached garage stood at the end of the short driveway .
tr	NNS	The villagers now focused on us .
tr	NN	The tablet immediately perks up from its coma and demands that I identify myself .
tr	NN	Reality shunted into place .
tr	NNS	The images she 'd envisioned during last night 's bath came rushing back .
tr	NN	His partner started for the car .
tr	NN	The percussive boom roared a moment later .
tr	NNS	Girls came and went behind me , beside me .
tr	NN	The goal was to make her appear mysterious , and the tailors had succeeded .
tr	NN	" No release for me , not tonight .
tr	NN	If you have nowhere to hide , your only option is war ! '
tr	NN	What is this hunger that grows worse the more I feed it ?
tr	NN	My adrenaline was on overdrive , my senses alive with the will to live .
tr	NNS	The floors are mostly marble ; each slab actually the top of a tomb in which various knights had been buried .
tr	NN	And all the wicked wildness she 'd found inside herself , all the passion .
tr	NNS	Lights glowed from within them , and I could imagine the stirring of families coming together inside as evening settled outside their walls .
tr	NN	the gentleman dressed in a dark gray suit Callie suspected he hadn 't picked up at Sears asked .
tr	NN	" I don 't understand , " the inspector said .
tr	NN	Aria 's heart leapt into her throat , panic flared through her body as two of the men turned to scan the horizon .
tr	NNS	" Sitting here , there are no colors .
tr	NNS	Shouts echoed up from the floor below .
tr	NN	Worry and uncertainty had drained her strength , but she was determined to push past it .
tr	NNS	Several locks clicked and the door crept open .
tr	NN	" The government knew that this virus was getting out of hand a few years ago .
tr	NNS	Her warriors were at attention behind her , although they looked confused by her behavior .
tr	NN	The only description of the perps was that it was two guys dressed in black .
tr	NNS	Images of him filled my entire mental room .
tr	NNS	The invaders have sent me to speak with the city directors on their behalf .
tr	NNS	Cadmus glanced worriedly over his shoulder as they left and I smiled at him in reassurance .
tr	NNS	The drumming footsteps and lull of a hundred earnest conversations seemed to envelope them .
tr	NN	" I don 't know , " Jazz admitted .
tr	NNS	But hearing Angelica in pain was tearing at his heart .
tr	NNS	His cheekbones flushed even redder .
tr	NN	Suddenly there was a skinny fellow wearing a tie-dyed t-shirt and Bermuda shorts , talking up a storm .
tr	NNS	The audience members turned their heads and glared at him .
tr	NN	His papa had been the same way .
tr	NNS	Most couples used this method while traveling , to spend more time together .
tr	NN	Over each fence around the yard was another yard .
tr	NN	A knight named Frederick the Red .
tr	NN	" A semblance , " Mira said .
tr	NNS	More yelling came , followed by something cold in my mouth and after that , nothing .
tr	NN	The thief hauled a barrel to its side as he passed a cooper 's shop , and Tavi had to jump it .
tr	NN	must be Holly , " the priest said , smiling slightly .
tr	NN	' On balance , the arrangement does not seem completely uneven .
tr	NNS	The bottom three floors of the hospital framed .
tr	NNS	Thick white flakes blew in as he stepped up into the van 's cargo area with Chloe and shut the door behind him .
tr	NN	An unattractive snort escapes me .
tr	NNS	Things get hard and we immediately back away and assume that means we 're going in the wrong direction , doing the wrong thing .
tr	NN	" And vice versa . "
tr	NN	The sweet endearment made her shiver with warmth and gave her courage .
tr	NN	Sweet Dove had used Angelica to lure Reyes to her offices through her revisiting vision power .
tr	NN	There 's a good reward just for informing on someone who goes into the sewers without permission . "
tr	NNS	Others looked upwards , not listening , having heard most of this before .
tr	NN	This highway goes to Kiev . "
tr	NNS	The tongues might now be my way out of here .
tr	NNS	" The facts and nothing more . "
tr	NN	My contract at the school will end and my visa will expire .
tr	NNS	My ancestors used their magic to create gates between the vampire realm and Earth .
tr	NNS	Girls like that behaving in a completely understandable way hadn 't affected me in years .
tr	NNS	My amber depths roll dramatically as I command my legs to twist and realign with my upper body .
tr	NNS	The suspects needed to be grabbed beforehand .
tr	NNS	Everyone drops face down in the snow , just as the missile hits a massive tree adjacent to them .
tr	NNS	Rubbing a hand across his agitated forehead , Bugs realized the futility of further action .
tr	NNS	Our rivals will despair .
tr	NNS	Various possibilities raced through her head .
tr	NN	" Your grandmother would have wanted you to have this . "
tr	NNS	" Did the Police have the Captain 's name correct ? "
tr	NNS	Then there were the dozen neurological tests he subjected her to daily , plus the physiotherapy sessions for her fingers .
tr	NNS	Things went downhill after that .
tr	NN	The majority are undecided , but could be swayed quickly if the loudest of the opposition gained momentum before we were able to shut it down .
tr	NNS	Mainly due to the coloring of the spouses , the cousins generally came out , and tended to group in two ways .
tr	NNS	My companions mused on that in silence .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of every painful torture and method of destruction loomed in my periphery .
tr	NNS	These dialing commands have become an essential part of Danny 's being , his voice-mail mantra .
tr	NNS	What are your hopes and dreams ? "
tr	NN	Only a blackened , smoldering scar remained .
tr	NN	His low chuckle tickled my ear , sending waves of exhilaration through me .
tr	NNS	Souls know how to talk to each other because they are both souls .
tr	NNS	If you really think about it , making drinks is all about using the right ingredients with the right properties together .
tr	NNS	My instincts flare up , and instead of joining them , I hurry over to a nearby stack of crates and crouch in the shadows .
tr	NNS	The footprints were size eleven .
tr	NNS	The symptoms had started yesterday .
tr	NNS	The warriors had mostly fallen asleep where they had been sitting around the fire , with the exception of the two who were obviously on watch .
tr	NN	Its design was a simple one story brick building with plain windows , a slanted roof over the front entrance where wooden double doors were unadorned .
tr	NN	" To them , the new hatch is nothing but small caterpillars .
tr	NNS	Beloved pets will incarnate with one owner many times .
tr	NN	" I real y don 't want to talk about this . "
tr	NN	When we reach our room , the escort stops and the door opens , the escort says , " Leave your clothes here . "
tr	NN	August 's grandmother drew herself upright .
tr	NN	A rustling sounded behind them .
tr	NNS	Three different sources , and the rumor had to be true .
tr	NN	At this point , condensation occurs .
tr	NN	The retired sea captain had once lived in the north before settling in Virginia .
tr	NNS	The gut-wrenching emptiness was as haunting as it had been the first time .
tr	NN	The canoe caused ripples just as it would through water .
tr	NNS	Charitable activities can be an outlet , in some cases even a calling , so i contact civic organizations and volunteer .
tr	NNS	The water 's ripples became waves of sensations Graham poured into her .
tr	NN	A review of their bookstore catalog showed a sample of the same shirt .
tr	NN	A Shadowhunter who does not fight is not a complete Shadowhunter .
tr	NNS	Things tend to get dirty out here . "
tr	NN	Apparently his secretary needed to be tasked with doing his laundry , too , or it would never get done .
tr	NNS	Small footprints led to the front door where Liz had left her muddy boots and the shovel and pick axe .
tr	NN	A quarter million dollars is not chump change , especially when coming out of the pockets of his best friends who were not high rollers financially .
tr	NNS	The old man 's nostrils flared .
tr	NN	the captain said , pointing a pistol .
tr	NN	This poet could fill my mind with illusion ?
tr	NNS	" It did , " Bugs answered , giving Francis a supportive nudge .
tr	NNS	The meetings to this point had been brief and inconsequential , reports and logistics more than real strategizing .
tr	NN	The sergeant jumped slightly and retreated backwards , raising his voices as only sergeants can , " That 's the start !
tr	NNS	Before Justus could reply , thudding footsteps sounded behind them .
tr	NNS	Did the fairies steal you ? "
tr	NNS	Her sobs fill the room .
tr	NNS	Adderley 's dreadful accusations insinuated their way back into her consciousness .
tr	NNS	Spear leaders began repeating the orders , shouting together , and the ranks of the Prime Cohort shifted and compressed .
tr	NN	The term has gone out of fashion and is considered archaic but can be found in many older Nephilim writings .
tr	NN	The priest gestured behind her and Eve canted her body to see whom he referred to .
tr	NN	The dim lamp from the corner of the room bathed her in an ethereal glow , outlined every supple curve he 'd only imagined she had .
tr	NNS	My ideas come hard and fast , like a thick snow , building a white wall I can 't get above or around .
tr	NN	The wife 's deftly portrayed expressions could also be used as clues to her husband 's own character .
tr	NNS	In the stark morning light , the faded colors of the painted plaster were sun-bleached and peeling .
tr	NNS	Moses put the rock down on the ground ; picked up the tablets he had just created ; and descended the mountain to the valley below .
tr	NN	The state police captain was apparently a man who didn 't appreciate being interrupted .
tr	NN	Ryan 's grandmother , who sat at the head of the table , turned pale beneath her heavily caked foundation .
tr	NNS	Things kind of go crazy when they do , like their entire existence is shattered and they go along with it .
tr	NNS	Aris shook his head .
tr	NNS	His thumbs were working magic even through his scolding .
tr	NN	The map showed the forest and a small line that represented a popular hiking trail through it .
tr	NNS	Horus has given up on me !
tr	NN	Or a television set .
tr	NN	The head referee signaled first serve for the Jackals and home court for the Foxes .
tr	NN	The famous player who had scored a hundred raised his bat in the air in return to the public 's applause .
tr	NN	Kir 's small cove gave limited shelter from the winds that wailed from the Scattered Isles six hundred miles to the north .
tr	NN	The tank is surprisingly fast , surprisingly swift and stealthy .
tr	NN	A sharp stab of pain throbbed through his temples , making his thoughts come to him in a dizzy spin .
tr	NN	But the notion was so surreal that she wasn 't sure how to react .
tr	NNS	Two stone wall fountains depicting the heads of lions spewed out a flowing stream of water .
tr	NN	The odour of putrefaction reached Grey 's nostrils , and he gagged .
tr	NN	The young woman 's torso was the centre of this horrible composition .
tr	NNS	The signs were there for me to see but I purposely blinded myself to them .
tr	NN	A deep-seated , mental itch hit him and he knew that he wasn 't alone anymore .
tr	NNS	Things change enough as it is .
tr	NN	Love didn 't come without a little bit of stupidity .
tr	NNS	Even though Lexus is the undisputed ruler , there are still factions amongst the Vampires .
tr	NN	" Well , ' fought ' isn 't quite the right word , " the priest said , sighing .
tr	NN	" The sheriff is taking collateral now ? "
tr	NN	During this phase , a knowledgeable corpse hunter can approach and incapacitate the body with impunity .
tr	NNS	Things were getting weirder by the second .
tr	NNS	Lights flash on and off while aggressively cheerful music blares , punctuated by that clownish laughter .
tr	NNS	As twilight crept closer , competitors continued to line the beach .
tr	NNS	Without replying she turned and headed back upstairs to her apartment , her footsteps echoing as she went .
tr	NN	The ward held a wealth of memories , some bad , some wonderful .
tr	NNS	His eyelids fluttered in confusion .
tr	NNS	I was on a road , broken bits of asphalt and gravel surrounding me .
tr	NN	And every day Garnet 's resolve grew stronger : one day , he would show him .
tr	NNS	" Things are getting too dangerous for you to be in the middle of this .
tr	NN	The rope could 've come from anywhere ... And it almost killed me .
tr	NNS	An aching , needy emptiness gnawed at her , and she pressed her thighs together in an effort to ease the ache .
tr	NN	" Hi , sweetheart , " my father whispered .
tr	NNS	The members if the party cowered in the boat , occasionally peeping out at the gunfire flashes .
tr	NNS	" My sources suggested it . "
tr	NNS	Looks can be deceiving somehow .
tr	NNS	Greater immortals can 't go there .
tr	NN	He couldn , t remember any discernible order .
tr	NNS	During the carnival season the churches remained closed .
tr	NN	* * * Sometime in the night , a sharp rap of knuckle against the wall of my Olympus bedroom startled me awake .
tr	NNS	Runes crossed the bottom red wood and the top glass panel .
tr	NN	After all , as soon as he inherited , the old bastard would be out of his life for good .
tr	NNS	Farther down , four suited Elder Council members stood around her father , forming a tight square around him .
tr	NNS	My heart races as I realize I am in the arms of the werewolf !
tr	NNS	Things were becoming more and more curious .
tr	NN	My grandmother had loved fishing , but I was only good for two hours , tops , and then I was ready to do something else .
tr	NN	" Such language you use .
tr	NN	Hailey 's discomfort at meeting her roommate surprised me so I questioned her on it , " Why not ? "
tr	NNS	At least three warriors were on Samuel , pulling him away from her .
tr	NNS	Marius jumped up over the side of the cart and stood on the man 's chest , pushing him deeper into the pile of syringes .
tr	NN	A cough sounded and Isabella caught Anthony 's eye .
tr	NNS	Reyes roared and leapt forward , slamming into Aeron 's chest .
tr	NN	At some point , the ranch got a reputation for being a good place to send teens whose parents felt they were headed down the wrong path .
tr	NNS	" Proper young ladies do not gawk . "
tr	NN	The chanting went on , becoming louder and louder .
tr	NN	The colonel went into the next room .
tr	NN	The agony squeezed its way into his eyes , hot tears forcing their way out .
tr	NNS	Lights glittered in the night and she watched the red and white stream of cars on the freeway below them .
tr	NN	The rope on his chest was visibly tugging him , obviously still caught on something large .
tr	NNS	They had a backup plan , ample supplies and the summer weather was finally making its appearance .
tr	NN	The captain was still sitting on the chair , as white as a sheet , miserably in pain .
tr	NNS	Walker 's footprints are the only new ones down there . "
tr	NN	John 's blush deepened .
tr	NNS	The seats quickly filled up and before Katherine knew it they had formed the " girlfriends section . "
tr	NN	But the word " suffer " was the wrong word because it had all been too grand , too splendid , too golden .
tr	NNS	Goss looked out the passenger window at the sheer drop to the bottom of a rocky gorge .
tr	NNS	" How soon can the servants open up my side of the house ? "
tr	NN	" Your papa had a unique way of seeing things .
tr	NNS	Kids who looked like an exact cross between him and her .
tr	NN	A tail wagged and thumped against my desk .
tr	NNS	Over at least the past four centuries , many philosophers , anthropologists , sociologists , and psychologists have proposed various theories of religion .
tr	NN	The squad had been very judgmental lately .
tr	NN	Pippa 's end goal is 88 Essex Street , an address I don 't recognize , probably a government building , like the rest of the targets .
tr	NN	One forearm sported a tattoo of a dark angel holding a pair of swords rendered in blue , purple , and black .
tr	NNS	" Others ... can 't ... find them .
tr	NNS	The two goons from the market came just inside the doorway .
tr	NNS	Shouts and laughter erupted from near the bonfire .
tr	NNS	Some roads packed with cars I had to drive on the sidewalks to pass .
tr	NN	The occasional tube of ceramic cement doesn 't cost much .
tr	NNS	" Your contacts have turned up nothing ? "
tr	NNS	Things progressed with Leah , and he finished the night ' on a high ' as it were but inside he still felt empty .
tr	NN	And teaching just doesn 't appeal to me at all .
tr	NNS	Reyes almost wished his demon had not remembered how to get there , allowing him to bury Aeron in the first place .
tr	NNS	The chains retracted and the top closed again , becoming bullet proof once .
tr	NN	But behind them , a shiny black van had parked by a pair of yellow traffic poles .
tr	NNS	Werewolves go down when shot by silver bullets and burned in fire .
tr	NN	" Chance ... . "
tr	NNS	' Tiny little paws , very good with little springs and things , ' said Maurice .
tr	NN	The singsong of the pilots focused him in on the mission ahead .
tr	NN	The teacher seemed pleased and wrote something on a pad of paper on her desk .
tr	NNS	The lingering effects of his advance on me still took center stage in my mind .
tr	NN	The federal government has no business dictating health care .
tr	NN	An old motivational poster hung on the wall .
tr	NNS	My tits are erect as it 's bloody freezing in this ice chamber , so I am grateful for the warmth of her body next to mine .
tr	NN	A queue of petitioners had formed , led by Mr Barker in his self-appointed role as Printer 's secretary .
tr	NN	My progress was a grim , heart-breaking struggle .
tr	NNS	Hope 's fingernails dug into the skin of his chest as he gently grasped her hips .
tr	NN	The fearful were easier to prey on .
tr	NN	The concept 's meaningless to them .
tr	NN	His wrist was thick , his forearm muscled .
tr	NNS	Her body movements were uncontrolled and involuntary .
tr	NN	Part of his brain still insisted that this had to be a trick , but Dennis dismissed it .
tr	NNS	Then , as one unit , the creatures spread their wings and soared up into the sky , spiraling higher and higher .
tr	NNS	After the hail , the winds and snow arrived in full , frenzied power .
tr	NN	The doorknob wiggled , bringing relief .
tr	NN	Annie 's grandma was waiting in the hallway .
tr	NN	The stay rope holding her buckled and snapped loose .
tr	NN	Was his first loyalty to his king or to her ?
tr	NNS	Royce 's nostrils flared slightly as he leaned into her and took a deep breath in before he quickly released her .
tr	NNS	Fat chocolate chips peeked out from under fresh cream .
tr	NNS	" The scavengers will be along . "
tr	NNS	The security checks seemed to be going smoothly as we found ourselves advancing in the line .
tr	NNS	The second year classes already started .
tr	NN	The keyboard was unnecessary for simple gestures .
tr	NNS	The footsteps grew ever closer .
tr	NN	The market sat at the center of the spaceport , surrounded by the alien barrios .
tr	NN	If and when they returned , the celebration would be memorable , but that was a world away , on the far side of this test .
tr	NN	The ranch owners , the people from Santa Fe , and the people from the wagon train were all there .
tr	NNS	Their footsteps echoed on the tiles .
tr	NNS	Things were getting really complicated .
tr	NN	The south was seacoast ; mountains blocked the north .
tr	NN	His warm chuckle filled the electrically charged air between them .
tr	NN	" Though , someone once told me there was a rogue Class Ten out there . "
tr	NN	One illustration showed the gruesome anatomy of human skeletons , while another showed a monster battling an army of men .
tr	NNS	The apples from that bring a healthy return .
tr	NN	To raucous applause and cheering , the bard finished his song .
tr	NN	Love is a strange thing .
tr	NN	Perhaps the writing was a clue ?
tr	NNS	Two more members of Randi 's team were shoving their way toward them .
tr	NN	There is no other anniversary .
tr	NN	The inspector will be here later and maybe we will know more .
tr	NN	Each stroke was a claiming , a branding of her body , and his dominance nearly made her come apart .
tr	NN	The big backyard is full of clean snow .
tr	NN	For them , chaos was death and disorder , entropy and waste .
tr	NNS	Its talons are razor sharp as is his beak , and used because of his ability to kill prey many times its size . "
tr	NNS	The colors around me drained .
tr	NN	Lie to Viggo and Mortimer to protect Evangeline ; lie to Evangeline to protect her .
tr	NN	The trick was to not let those times get the best of you .
tr	NNS	His ideas and observations form the core of his novels .
tr	NNS	There were two specific areas of the 20th Century exhibition Andy wanted to see .
tr	NN	Thinking about it still makes me laugh .
tr	NNS	Yes , the risks were great , but the possible gain was greater .
tr	NN	Love looked up from his computer .
tr	NN	If anything , the beeps got faster and louder the closer we got to a small black vent which was about a foot from the floor .
tr	NN	The landlord looked at her with a cruel smirk on his face .
tr	NNS	Cars are mostly ancient wrecks .
tr	NN	The leader woke first , and met up in the meeting room with her group .
tr	NN	Since Genevieve 's wildly spectacular charge through London and resulting transition to vampire drone , no small measure of awkwardness had existed between them .
tr	NNS	There were screens on all walls and the ceiling , and a stage with a podium at the front .
tr	NNS	As he did , steely blades erupted from within the car .
tr	NN	The audience was very receptive to the humour and laughed heartily at every call .
tr	NN	Her tail brushed his for a moment .
tr	NNS	Things turned out okay , though , right ?
tr	NNS	Miss Maren 's visitors hadn 't gotten crosswise with them somehow , had they ?
tr	NN	" Ok , ok , " he finally muttered after a few seconds of biting his lip , " stay calm .
tr	NN	A long green snake froze us for a second , then it disappeared into the butter bean vines .
tr	NNS	The drops of water still on the tree branches were beginning to freeze , making a faintly clinking sound in the wind .
tr	NNS	Four mech wolves crept in from the adjacent room .
tr	NNS	A few visitors milled about , several more strolling in the opposite direction back toward the exit .
tr	NNS	' Flashing Red Lights ' were the only words on the slip of rough and bumpy paper .
tr	NNS	In addition , there are new varieties springing up constantly .
tr	NNS	We always try , healers always try very hard to make the children survive .
tr	NN	Anger and pain swelled up inside him .
tr	NNS	Without women and children , the species cannot survive .
tr	NNS	There were never any consequences for Brent .
tr	NN	Something your bastard of a brother will never be . "
tr	NNS	The possibilities were endless .
tr	NNS	Other ideas start somewhere else . "
tr	NNS	Others say he was cursed .
tr	NN	Olivia 's lack of success had to be a great source of amusement to that region 's inhabitants .
tr	NNS	Zachary and the time travelers were staring at him in amazement .
tr	NNS	Where were the glorious warriors of song and legend who had successfully defeated entire British armies almost single-handedly ?
tr	NNS	The roads were potholes with short strips of broken concrete .
tr	NNS	What if solar flares aren 't what we think they are ?
tr	NN	The very notion infuriated his demon , made them both want to torture , maim , kill .
tr	NNS	My sobs grew louder .
tr	NNS	His kisses were demanding after that .
tr	NNS	Its silver edges gleamed in the light .
tr	NN	The robbery was overly brazen and poorly conceived .
tr	NN	The comm unit in his ear buzzed with another voice , frantically trying to locate his buddies .
tr	NN	A small , old TV stood on top of a desk in the corner .
tr	NN	Your very own uncle wanted to place you into servitude .
tr	NNS	For all that though , its movements are smooth and almost graceful .
tr	NN	If Aimee was on any kind of innocent trip , her grandmother would know about it .
tr	NNS	The cliffs were expansive .
tr	NN	Her teacher surveyed the room .
tr	NN	" I 'll carry that for you , Mr. President , " the agent offers , and picks up the dead buck without waiting for an answer .
tr	NN	The darker square of wallpaper , which had been revealed when Laurie took the print off its hook , was also encouraging .
tr	NNS	" One more thing mister , Jason needed me last night because Lyn broke up with him .
tr	NN	The farther they got from Wales , the more complicated everything became .
tr	NN	The mysterious art had kept him occupied ever since .
tr	NN	There was even some splashy contemporary art on the walls .
tr	NNS	Their best efforts to identify her had failed and even the experts at the FBI had come up with nothing .
tr	NN	" My lord , unworthy as I am , I am yours to take as you will . "
tr	NN	The crown adorned with rubies and emeralds glistened on top of short golden locks , and matched his closely cropped goatee .
tr	NNS	Small chains lashed at her , beating at her in an attempt to drive her out .
tr	NNS	James took in a deep breath , mouth open , nostrils flared .
tr	NN	The intolerable engagement with his grandfather was over .
tr	NN	The captain in command of the Stryker Company sat next to Ed .
tr	NN	And for this , the trick is the same as for all feats : concentration .
tr	NNS	Faced with new and unexpected conditions , the swarm programs didn 't crash ; they just sort of flowed around the obstacles , and kept going .
tr	NN	The Android The machinery thumped and struggled and strained like a heart trying to beat .
tr	NNS	Reyes , my God , Reyes .
tr	NN	The intersection ahead was surprisingly empty .
tr	NN	And that resurrection coupled to the loss of so much money was rekindling Gene dreams .
tr	NNS	Emma shudders as his hands cup her breasts as he lays her down and begins to press his lips against her nipples alternatively .
tr	NN	His blush ran deeper this time .
tr	NN	My adrenaline spikes as I sink in my seat .
tr	NN	A definite shard of lethal humor glinted in the depths of Kamal 's eyes .
tr	NN	" Both sound equal y appealing , but a walk on the beach after being stuck in the car is the better option . "
tr	NN	The dwarfs know something .
tr	NN	The breadth of him was stimulating .
tr	NNS	The winds were snapping and snarling beneath the eaves of the cottage .
tr	NNS	Muscle stiffness had passed weeks ago , but calisthenics still produced sweat despite the morning 's chill .
tr	NNS	Looks like you found a ride . "
tr	NNS	The imaginary strings running through her began to vibrate her entire body with every stroke .
tr	NN	The newcomer walked across the room and stood near the sofa without speaking .
tr	NN	Stone 's brat wrapped an arm around her neck and put his head on her shoulder .
tr	NNS	Questions about when Chase had been Reborn started to percolate .
tr	NN	" On a highway called the M - 11 . "
tr	NNS	As in no abilities whatsoever . "
tr	NNS	Reyes looked away from him , but didn 't answer .
tr	NN	The injury also caused what is called mental telepathy , and ... ... EVA : Wait .
tr	NN	The stupid policeman -- everyone knows how dumb they can be , never getting anything right -- must have made a mistake .
tr	NN	Part of him wanted to shout that it was time to put aside the hurts of the past and talk honestly .
tr	NN	The flutter became a rapid pounding .
tr	NN	Her reflection stared excitedly back at her .
tr	NN	As they passed restaurants and delis , the garbage waiting for the sluice called to her with scents of rotting food .
tr	NN	The hard tap of her heels against the marble floor sounded out like tiny gunshots , even over the noise of the surrounding crush of people .
tr	NN	" No infection has set in as yet .
tr	NN	Rachel 's refuge was work ; it had saved her when B.B. died , and she sought it instinctively now .
tr	NN	There was no receptionist .
tr	NNS	The strangeness of not going to work in the morning slowly faded .
tr	NNS	Girls were wearing next to nothing and guys stood to the side making bets and bumping fists in conversations about who would screw which one next .
tr	NN	For a while , his absence , followed by endless conjecture regarding his whereabouts , had profoundly distressed her .
tr	NN	" Reality sucks . "
tr	NNS	The aliens had stopped a few feet away .
tr	NN	Aiding and abetting , obstructing justice , concealment of a crime .
tr	NN	The bump on his head hurt and he had a headache .
tr	NN	Josh 's shield soaked it up and glowed red , converting Chastity 's energy into his own seductive magic .
tr	NNS	Before she could panic , both creatures jumped off the couch and disappeared beyond the wall .
tr	NN	Therefore , this detached restroom was truly a Godsend .
tr	NN	The lamp got brighter .
tr	NNS	The involuntary movements stopped .
tr	NNS	One dark curl played back and forth on his forehead in the hot breeze .
tr	NN	The infection spread far and wide .
tr	NNS	Grassy banks were not .
tr	NN	A half-dozen footmen staggered forward , bent beneath the weight of a magnificent ebony prayer bench of the most fashionable style .
tr	NN	Storm adds and I nod in agreement .
tr	NNS	Prison bars were to the right .
tr	NNS	Little villages disappeared in a flash as we raced by them .
tr	NN	' The thrill of victory and the agony of defeat ' as they used to say . "
tr	NN	How bad was his injury ?
tr	NNS	The colors were simply beautiful , with many deep shades of yellow , brown and red .
tr	NN	Probably shouldn 't make that a habit .
tr	NNS	My back stiffens as his other hand nears my nipple .
tr	NNS	The two figures standing side by side at the mine entrance widened my smile .
tr	NNS	Others were the golden children .
tr	NN	History unfolded before her eyes as she watched a Highland clan prepare for attack .
tr	NN	The receptionist let out a heavy sigh , her shoulders sinking in apparent aggravation .
tr	NNS	Alexis reigned supreme in this category .
tr	NNS	Powerful jaws clamped down on his skull as the momentum of the jaguar 's attack drove him forward to impale his chest on Dominic 's outstretched fist .
tr	NNS	Misty straightened , surprised to see Domenico already standing inches before her , an odd look in his eyes .
tr	NNS	My pupils dilated , improving my vision .
tr	NN	Chance seemed grim as he settled beside me in the backseat .
tr	NN	The priest swung an arch above his head with the book and it was set ablaze .
tr	NNS	Soldiers didn 't want to shoot at the civilians because one or two gunmen hid in the crowds .
tr	NN	Right then Raoul returned with a clothing rack full of swimsuits ranging from skimpy bikinis to full pieces my grandmother would be comfortable in .
tr	NNS	Will your servants interfere ? "
tr	NNS	Four pack members have sworn I was at Pam 's house after Debbie left , and one female will swear I spent the night with her . "
tr	NN	A growl broke him away from the horror before his eyes , and he swung toward Lady Harding in surprise .
tr	NNS	Words like ' no ' and ' never ' and the like .
tr	NNS	Lights blinked in the sky .
tr	NN	The tech shakes his head and switches a lever , which opens the door .
tr	NNS	The twins were listening , in spite of continuing to scoop globs of ice cream into their mouths .
tr	NN	The herald climbed his platform once again .
tr	NNS	My so-called companions hollered for a round of whiskey , and three small glasses were delivered to the table .
tr	NN	And it 's method of making is also the most unique one in existence .
tr	NNS	Her eyes flutter open , but there is flame reflecting in them and I now see as her hands reach around his back , talons are growing .
tr	NN	On the opposite shore , the Olympic mountain range was a jagged line of pink and lavender .
tr	NNS	I looked deeply into his eyes , pools of green I could lose myself in .
tr	NNS	The dwarves groaned and looked most distressed , and Bilbo wept .
tr	NNS	Reyes reached him , leaned down and cupped his shoulder , then gave a shake .
tr	NN	A little velvet , mauve stool sat in front of it .
tr	NNS	Moses didn 't think of Amy as a mother .
tr	NN	What college student doesn 't ? "
tr	NNS	Alexis looked at Jason .
tr	NN	" The witness didn 't see anything like a conversation going on . "
tr	NN	" Bruce , " the principal warned .
tr	NNS	Worse still , his instincts were screaming at him to get Dianna out of here .
tr	NNS	" The ruins of a cemetery , " Pilcher says .
tr	NNS	Things were definitely not going according to plan , but it was clear that I now had two allies at The Shade : Claudia and my father .
tr	NN	The werewolf could not be but understating the case .
tr	NNS	The desserts are good . "
tr	NN	" Of course , but will your shield hold ? "
tr	NNS	There were bag lunches available on premises , but their mother said they really were forgettable , and this trip was supposed to be a family event .
tr	NNS	Looks like he knew there were cameras about . '
tr	NN	Ariella 's nausea was getting worse .
tr	NNS	Looks like I picked the right man for the job .
tr	NNS	The footsteps were closer now .
tr	NN	Still , the unease itched .
tr	NNS	The accusations have generated controversy in modern-day Denmark .
tr	NNS	But those instances hadn 't been anything that he wouldn 't normally find within a corporation the size of Kimball 's .
tr	NNS	Your designs are good .
tr	NN	The blush deepened . '
tr	NN	An agent arrived in the apartment in the morning with some forms , and watched me fill and sign them .
tr	NN	" The soup is delicious . "
tr	NNS	The ruins were a great adventure as a child .
tr	NN	The van was stopping .
tr	NN	The colony was finally progressing .
tr	NNS	Her fears eased somewhat , which made room for her questions about the day to come back to the fore .
tr	NN	Graham 's roar burst out .
tr	NN	As a result , many folk have taken it as permission to establish a number of equities formerly denied women .
tr	NNS	Gabriel didn 't mind because his hope was to make more than enough from a straight , ticket sales approach to business .
tr	NNS	" All those deaths on top of all the other death 's that have happened . "
tr	NN	The talent quest entry was just an idea that popped into my head .
tr	NNS	The car horns muted .
tr	NN	There was a soft click .
tr	NNS	On the hood were two American flags , one over either headlight .
tr	NNS	Reyes shifted direction , guiding Angelica toward the mansion .
tr	NN	What if the government came and kidnapped her and did all sorts of experiments on her ?
tr	NNS	His movements were smooth and decisive as he crossed the distance between the window and his seat of power .
tr	NNS	Navy binoculars are hard to come by , even in the navy .
tr	NN	" On second thought , don ´ t touch anything ... at all , " the traveler adds .
tr	NNS	Sadness coated his words .
tr	NNS	Hands settle on my hips , and a warm body presses at my back .
tr	NNS	But my sweatpants caught on the sharp , pointed edge , grazing my thigh .
tr	NNS	All the ladies came hurrying over to me .
tr	NNS	" Your Highness , " she greeted him .
tr	NNS	Their footsteps were silent on the stairs .
tr	NNS	Her movements seemed headed straight for the U.S. border .
tr	NN	The pod leader squeaked .
tr	NN	The rosy blush on her cheeks turned a darker hue , but her eyes met his squarely . " '
tr	NNS	Things were about to change .
tr	NNS	Shifter hugs were more than just comfort ; they were healing .
tr	NN	A sobbing fan was still clinging to Josh .
tr	NNS	But the ads , directed at the remaining regulars , frightened him .
tr	NNS	His rough caresses should have frightened her , perhaps , but she reveled in them , and in the certain knowledge that he would never hurt her .
tr	NN	The boom swung across .
tr	NNS	The goblins took the bait and marched boldly into the valley .
tr	NN	When I saw a tear slide down his cheek , a sob escaped my lips .
tr	NN	Our goat was fast .
tr	NN	Our modern race begins at over six million years ago , which means that we have been around for a very long time .
tr	NNS	If after three years she wasn 't yet normal , the chances were she 'd never be normal again .
tr	NN	A tall , older gentleman with graying blonde hair walked into the room .
tr	NNS	Like ours , rolls of barbed wire lay in front of the line .
tr	NNS	Folks should not be afraid to seek knowledge .
tr	NNS	To make matters worse , whispers around the water cooler had it that the little buck was a little doe .
tr	NNS	In this particular case , the media reacted quickest .
tr	NNS	There were no ports in this cell , no chrono .
tr	NNS	Two figures appeared at the top of the cliff .
tr	NNS	Their footsteps were nearly silent on the spongy all-weather track .
tr	NN	His insides churning , he called in his half-moon glasses , positioned them carefully on his nose , and obediently read the paragraph .
tr	NNS	Things like ' how long ' and ' what if ' aren 't part of that .
tr	NNS	Their attempts at invading History met with little success .
tr	NN	" A tap of the nose is as good as a signed and witnessed contract for me .
tr	NNS	New candidates kept arriving , and after their interviews were held behind in the same room to fill out forms .
tr	NN	Part of the class assignment was taking turns reading aloud from a book called the Elgin Reader that contained short stories .
tr	NN	" I 'm fine , " Jazz assured her .
tr	NN	Not yet , but the lounge filled up rapidly , with another flight leaving after their plane , from the same terminal .
tr	NNS	Only authorities were going in and citizens with their cars and minivans crammed with valuables were going out .
tr	NN	Thinking of mysterious gentlemen reminded Annie of the gentleman who had been hanging around the alley Friday night .
tr	NN	The barbarian on the other hand had yet to recover from the kick to the groin and let out a groan of nauseated agony .
tr	NNS	Any lies and the death penalty is back on the table . "
tr	NNS	Low murmurs soon penetrated my unconscious state , elevating me from dark delights and back into reality .
tr	NN	The bearded hunter took the hit and was sent sprawling to the ground .
tr	NNS	The three lizards huddled , conferring .
tr	NNS	Waves hissed softly against the dock .
tr	NN	The beige van had disappeared around the curve of the bridge .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , as sometimes happens , the pills also bring vivid dreams , or in this case , nightmares .
tr	NNS	Bottles shook his head , but glanced outside .
tr	NNS	His nostrils soon rimmed with black , and steam rose from his ears .
tr	NNS	Things are getting off to a splendid start . "
tr	NN	Another deep shuddering boom filled the chamber as the gong was struck again .
tr	NNS	" Uh , for worrying about you when I saw you idiots go the opposite direction from land ?
tr	NNS	Several more globes flew past him hitting a man in the chest while John and the men behind him discharged their weapons .
tr	NN	And there is neither a vow nor a ring that can protect us from that .
tr	NN	As luck would have it there was a fresh pot of coffee and it looked like Cynthia had made her famous brownies again , lucky .
tr	NNS	A few members laughed and another asked , " What was the purpose of these last attacks ? "
tr	NNS	The shouts are saying .
tr	NN	It gives you access which even the naked eye denies you , ' Love added .
tr	NNS	Both items tumbled end over end up the stairs and into the puzzle .
tr	NN	The click of the lock caused her to throw a startled glance over her shoulder .
tr	NNS	Tall racks of machine parts and tables topped with electronics were all crammed near one section of the wall .
tr	NN	The ranch is very run-down .
tr	NN	Streaming video lasts forever .
tr	NN	My hunger yearns to get a little closer as the fallen boy groans .
tr	NNS	Other hallways branched to the left and the right , likely leading to smaller labs , storerooms , and mechanical spaces .
tr	NN	An iPod hung from his fingers .
tr	NNS	Any close shots now would be pure luck .
tr	NN	There was something unnatural about the fear they caused .
tr	NNS	Things were going to be okay .
tr	NNS	The servants could be anywhere . "
tr	NNS	All the images , all the memories and feelings , suddenly came together in my head , clicking into place like the pieces of a jigsaw puzzle .
tr	NNS	Myles massaged his temples .
tr	NNS	Fire and Ice centers are typically dominant , while Shadow and Light are usually more recessive .
tr	NN	An owl cries in the distance .
tr	NN	" The coin was fragmented , and you are bound to many .
tr	NNS	The hills came to a sudden end and a plain stretched out before them .
tr	NN	the dwarf shouted after him as the servant disappeared into the hallway and out of sight .
tr	NNS	There are paintings inside the small space , covered with sheets while paint and brushes litter the floor .
tr	NNS	The elves were in ranks , the dwarves , however , stood together in groups not in any form .
tr	NN	The desk sergeant said Steve was on vacation .
tr	NN	' Do something , ' Prophet said .
tr	NN	Their lack of awareness was about to get them killed .
tr	NN	But the mad genius managed it .
tr	NNS	No visitors allowed here and no going out except to school or work .
tr	NN	Got ta camp while I can still see a place to put the tent !
tr	NN	But the fellow was talkative ; Franz felt he had no choice but to oblige .
tr	NNS	With their prey gone , lone zombies and small groups of undead were beginning to wander away from the building .
tr	NN	Another tube went into her chest from the machine to her right .
tr	NNS	The ideas kept flying around , crystal clear but meaningless , because they were all whirling together .
tr	NN	" The carpet 's dirty . "
tr	NN	This pattern has happened throughout history .
tr	NNS	" Names , " one of the soldiers ordered .
tr	NN	His maneuver , however , did not faze the spirit even for a moment .
tr	NNS	But their human instincts told them to run and so they ran .
tr	NNS	The chains feel cold against my skin .
tr	NN	The air vent spoke with the voice of implied beauty .
tr	NN	An ornate bookcase took up space on another .
tr	NNS	" The drugs were just a rumor .
tr	NN	There was an absence of anybody .
tr	NN	Over his shoulder , there was a jar of eyeballs staring at me , and I nodded toward it .
tr	NN	They don , t really have all these details .
tr	NN	Part of her was making the connection , but another part was not allowing her .
tr	NNS	Below the chiseled cliffs sat a dilapidated school bus .
tr	NN	Then at least , this bout of misery she was having to endure would be working to their advantage by allowing him to catch up to them .
tr	NN	The kitten was a stray who had climbed the fence , fallen into the pool , panicked , and drowned .
tr	NNS	The expressions on John 's and Jane 's faces grew brittle at the thought .
tr	NN	Maybe she slipped in and out of fake bodies the way Gypsy did .
tr	NNS	But , there were still bits and pieces that had been too big to be easily moved .
tr	NN	Her own weakness annoyed her .
tr	NN	The petite brunette rose from her seat , turning to face Carly .
tr	NNS	" Things changed . "
tr	NNS	" My facts are correct .
tr	NNS	There were signs of a garden , long neglected now , and the cottage , while small , was well proportioned .
tr	NN	After he cleans it , the cart will be safe for use . "
tr	NN	No British gentleman without such authorization ought to carry such a weapon .
tr	NNS	This time Templars would be among them , strengthening their formation with suicidal bravery and controlling the cavalry with Sir Robert Keith .
tr	NNS	The images recorded by the Solar Dynamics Observatory were a marvel of modern technology .
tr	NNS	The six lowest floors were cubicle farms .
tr	NN	Another valet emerged , opened the door on my side and handed me a ticket .
tr	NNS	Words were coming out of his mouth , but it was barely registering in my mind .
tr	NN	The festival was coming together perfectly and vendors were lining up , eager to sell their wares along with the village shop owners .
tr	NN	From time to time a squid or a shark or a small school of fish would swim past , but most of the time there was nothing .
tr	NNS	Paolo 's letters were becoming shorter and fewer and far between .
tr	NN	" Looks normal , " the medic spoke to the others .
tr	NN	The strike carried enough force to knock the dragon back .
tr	NN	There was a malevolent glint in Alfie 's eyes .
tr	NNS	On the way to the village , grams filled me in on her heritage .
tr	NN	The daughter-in-law had a problem with that .
tr	NN	There was honesty in her voice .
tr	NNS	Waves of delight lifted and carried her to shore , where she rolled like a seashell in the surf .
tr	NNS	" Killing innocents is not justice . "
tr	NN	Her womb tightened and her hips moved restlessly .
tr	NNS	" His spikes are fairly good . "
tr	NNS	The countess shrugged and yelled , " Who knows ?
tr	NNS	The goons changed lanes and began to close .
tr	NN	His weekly cleaner found him this morning and called us . "
tr	NN	Her career was taking off and then she met and fell in love with an exotic , foreign man who appeared to love her back .
tr	NN	" Or bearded dragon , depending on who you ask , " Hughes replied .
tr	NN	The intersection where Anna would die lay just a block south .
tr	NN	The van prevents transmission and this bug has no recording capabilities .
tr	NNS	Tris and Caleb both nod .
tr	NNS	Some rats did fight back and that wasn 't much of a problem , because they were smaller than Jacko and he had a lot more teeth .
tr	NN	" ll never leave you behind .
tr	NN	The other clientele were looking toward them as well .
tr	NNS	Werewolves and golems , golems and werewolves , Moist thought .
tr	NN	" The dragon woke up and tried to grab us with its sharp claws and kill us with fire ! "
tr	NN	" Ok , so you 're saying he was interested in men and his wife was jealous ? "
tr	NN	The vodka helped them stay alive and break the monotony of having very little to do .
tr	NN	The theory was self-explanatory .
tr	NNS	Some damp rags heaped over the rusty , bent bedroom springs .
tr	NN	" I don 't understand it , " the footman looked around slightly confused .
tr	NNS	His buddies must have seen it too , because they changed their course of questioning .
tr	NNS	Blake grabbed me under the arms and hauled me to my feet , his movements frantic as he pushed and pulled at me .
tr	NNS	" Thanks , Elvin , " Bugs said appreciatively as the boy closed the door and left them .
tr	NNS	Tonight , the chaperone 's shackles would be off .
tr	NN	After a second warning about stepping on snakes in the dark , the flashlight had been Jessica 's idea .
tr	NNS	Questions swirled around her head .
tr	NNS	" What the blazes is going on here ? "
tr	NN	Her two escorts began to descend , and her ears popped several times under the changing pressure .
tr	NNS	Chess looked behind me to Ollie .
tr	NN	" As the interim mayor wishes . "
tr	NN	Tanner 's low chuckles joined hers .
tr	NN	The other pitcher smelled like water .
tr	NNS	' The other cases must have held the virus . '
tr	NNS	Black leather seats had transformed to crushed red velvet , the pile thick and soft beneath my curled fingers .
tr	NNS	Eager but patient , the villagers waited until he had eaten and rested before expecting him to display his goods for trade .
tr	NNS	Mundane members of demon cults are often barely human by the time that intervention is needed .
tr	NNS	After about ten minutes they 'd walk back out , their expressions confident as they eyed the remaining applicants .
tr	NN	Her people not only wound up getting arrested , the lamp is now in Arcane hands . "
tr	NN	My darling , cute , grouchy little gargoyle demon !
tr	NNS	Thankfully , the writing materials inside were dry .
tr	NNS	The wolves flew up over the hood .
tr	NN	" Where 's your leader ? "
tr	NNS	The edges of Daemon 's body started to blur .
tr	NNS	The colors in my dream change from a beautiful and magnificent blue to pure darkness .
tr	NN	The publisher felt it would make the whole thing look more serious .
tr	NN	I turned my head to look back at him , and was suddenly thrown a few meters through the air , landing face first in the grass .
tr	NN	His lord had a tendency to perception and just now , his relationship with Gwen was not something Gareth wanted acknowledged , or worse , discussed .
tr	NNS	There are thousands of miles between one side of the world and the other . "
tr	NN	But even to her , any explanation of the night 's events felt like excuses .
tr	NNS	Some teachers found him annoying that his hyperactivity caused him to be punished .
tr	NNS	" There aren 't losses when you don 't fight in the first place . "
tr	NNS	Instead of flying away in a frenzied panic , the remaining crows flew to a tree behind the farmhouse and seemingly stared in Paul 's direction .
tr	NNS	Questions rise up from the world outside me and the feelings within , and the maddening corners of my soul .
tr	NN	The glide of her hair along his fingers almost made his knees fold .
tr	NNS	Others rammed straight into it , but they fell to the side , hissing in pain .
tr	NN	The cash registers would ring loud .
tr	NNS	" The trusted members all had these neck tattoos . "
tr	NNS	Indeed their stores had no need of any guard , for all the land was desolate and empty .
tr	NN	A blush softens Nicole 's expression and she avoids my eyes .
tr	NN	The orgasm ripped through my body , and I cried out his name over and over again until my insides stopped quaking .
tr	NN	Her gown was the most delicate shade of pink and covered with lace and beads .
tr	NN	The engagement felt ... He searched for the right word .
tr	NNS	When you return , the members want to have a gathering in your honor . "
tr	NNS	Gavin 's hungry kisses continued as he rolled her on top of him .
tr	NN	The swirling liquid had the most surprising flavor I had ever tasted .
tr	NN	What 's the trick ?
tr	NN	" There were ten bomb threats and five death threats in the agency this month , " " Quite an improvement , " said Heston .
tr	NN	The cart rolled on , down the white , dusty road , until it was lost from view .
tr	NNS	The distant streetlights illuminate my erratic breathing into spastic paper white blooms .
tr	NNS	My ghosts had never tried to hurt me before .
tr	NN	But Simon 's reputation is at stake . "
tr	NNS	Anyway , zombies smell pretty bad . "
tr	NNS	" My offers are polite .
tr	NNS	Cadmus threw his head back and laughed a laugh so rich that it felt like I was bathing in velvet .
tr	NNS	Questions remained as questions .
tr	NNS	Bonnie and Mrs. Flowers followed more slowly .
tr	NNS	The oak posters held red and gold embroidered curtains that were tied back with red tasseled ropes .
tr	NN	" And the carpet 's beige . "
tr	NNS	A wetness invades my eyes .
tr	NN	His chuckles died abruptly as he listened to the party on the other end of the line .
tr	NN	The bubbly redhead turned ... well , as red as her hair .
tr	NN	Where had that bitter jab come from ?
tr	NNS	" Ghost tours are more fun than chores .
tr	NNS	The fights ended one morning when my father poured a pitcher of water on my head to wake me up .
tr	NN	A sob caught in my throat as even more tears flooded my face .
tr	NNS	If a child isn 't recovered in the first twenty-four hours , then chances are good that he or she will never be recovered alive . "
tr	NNS	The zombies rattled the door .
tr	NN	Their creation is only obliquely alluded to in the Bible .
tr	NNS	Things are going good for me .
tr	NNS	Several bright drops of blood splattered onto the ground .
tr	NNS	She felt her breasts ache with the need for his touch , felt the creamy dampness as her body called to his .
tr	NN	Link couldn 't seem to get enough reassurance about it .
tr	NNS	Your contacts , I mean . "
tr	NNS	The powerful jaws clamped hard and tore the flesh loose .
tr	NN	Was there a slight hesitation before le Loop repeated his name ?
tr	NNS	On both sides , sheer cliffs , rock spikes and inlets , on the bottom an interminable expanse of rocks and sand .
tr	NN	Part of me felt awful .
tr	NNS	" Would you ladies mind if I headed outside to talk to my father ? "
tr	NN	The fan in the other room stirred Claire 's hair as it moved from side to side but did little to cool the kitchen .
tr	NN	The trio continued northwards through the black landscape .
tr	NN	Activity erupted , the hunt was on .
tr	NN	There was so much venom in her smile .
tr	NNS	Some pirates were firing while others were running forwards to recapture us .
tr	NNS	The prevailing colors in both upholstery and pictures are dark blue and tan .
tr	NNS	Things look pretty dead here . "
tr	NNS	To either side of the door were floor-to-ceiling bookshelves , built into the wall , every shelf filled with large and impressive books .
tr	NN	" But not the hassle , " the landlord muttered .
tr	NN	A small , green sedan inhabited the parking lot which hopefully indicated that Elizabeth was home .
tr	NNS	Either the tunnels were slowly twisting behind us as we walked or the relationship between up and down kept shifting .
tr	NNS	No stressful situations , and relationships are stressful , especially when my feelings for Nova are so intense .
tr	NNS	His jaws locked and the pearly white teeth settled in a threatening grimace .
tr	NN	The yells echoed with a fervor .
tr	NNS	Several couples were waltzing .
tr	NNS	The dinosaurs are coming .
tr	NNS	Was she enjoying this ?
tr	NN	Love only brought her pain .
tr	NN	The charm looked like a shield divided into two , with a large tree covering the center , its branches touching both sides .
tr	NNS	The three creatures bowed as one .
tr	NNS	Hands gripped his arms , pulled him to his feet .
tr	NNS	All signs pointed to the sudden arrival of Lord Newberry 's daughter .
tr	NNS	There were two areas that this plug fit into .
tr	NN	Each bullet had to count .
tr	NN	Nausea swept over her at the painful conclusion .
tr	NN	Forty or fifty ought to be enough - and no one too violently opposed to our cause . "
tr	NNS	" My clients have had a change of heart .
tr	NNS	The chips tasted dry and dead , sticking in her throat like sawdust .
tr	NN	Forty or fifty had lived in the Glade when Thomas first arrived , just a few weeks before .
tr	NNS	' Things always seem to get so boring if you know exactly what 's going to happen , don 't they ? '
tr	NNS	Our tongues sensually tangled , softly and gently , in direct odds with our rough coupling .
tr	NN	The cart headed off into the dark .
tr	NN	My papa took me to Mardi Gras .
tr	NN	The difficulty in this task lay in the fact that the club would be full of humans .
tr	NNS	" Your Highness does not wish to play this game anymore .
tr	NNS	The races can make a handler just as much prize money as the fights .
tr	NNS	Now the emeralds hung around the neck of Mrs. Jennings , who turned to greet Ainsley Douglas and take her hand with a fond squeeze .
tr	NNS	Others insist the werewolf , like the unicorn , is a figment of man 's imagination .
tr	NNS	Even his forearms were masculine - she could see where he 'd pushed his sleeves up and thick veins strained against his arms .
tr	NN	Even a great plastic surgeon couldn 't preserve someone that well .
tr	NN	Your art is wonderful but it 's become too tied up in the angsty stuff .
tr	NN	The briefing had been going on for the best part of an hour .
tr	NN	The type even a werewolf would have trouble getting through .
tr	NN	" I 'll take that as a no , " the clan chairman said .
tr	NN	Morning would come sooner than I was prepared for , and I wanted to savor every moment I had spent with Cassius .
tr	NN	There 's a clink of a cup and I follow the sound into the kitchen , uneasy when I find Realm at the table all alone .
tr	NNS	While my brother is lauded for his fencing and riding , my novels go unread and collect dust .
tr	NN	My partner is in the hospital with a bout of appendicitis , a car accident , and a serious concussion .
tr	NNS	The small churches stood in the green meadows .
tr	NN	The entire concept was too happy-go-lucky and too sophisticated for Jase 's taste .
tr	NN	The umbrella swayed and tipped out of her hand , falling to the ground .
tr	NNS	The elves set down their cards , and stood to attention .
tr	NNS	The origins of unhappiness are different and independent to those of joy .
tr	NN	Four Ethan 's grandma had called Mackenzie early the next day .
tr	NNS	" Things like that help keep you in touch with the past .
tr	NNS	" My apologies , " he says , " but I really must get going .
tr	NN	" That cowboy making off with her is Dash Randall .
tr	NNS	Myles asked , momentarily distracted .
tr	NNS	Our minds became one and I didn 't know where I began and you ended .
tr	NN	Manly scar , " she breathed .
tr	NNS	Now the flying cameras are transmitting the first images from the skyscraper .
tr	NNS	When he was young his childish experiments led him into a confrontation .
tr	NN	In turn , the dollar amounts and dates matched wire transfers into Ray 's personal bank account .
tr	NNS	" Only six more classes and we 're off to Chi-town ! "
tr	NN	The bio chip was about to be implanted in two spots -- the base of her neck and the wrist .
tr	NN	" A tourist trap .
tr	NN	Her nesting instinct will be strong .
tr	NNS	Perhaps the aliens needed him in order to understand what the habits of a man were .
tr	NN	Connecting with the tree directly behind his target , Link zips the remaining distance , scooping Ganondorf off the ground with a punch to the stomach .
tr	NN	The stench is disgusting .
tr	NN	The crate contained the gift of thanks promised at his departure .
tr	NNS	The fireworks haven 't even started yet .
tr	NN	That inner core of Self could go only so deep .
tr	NNS	Our footsteps echo against the tile floor .
tr	NNS	" Things could get ugly .
tr	NNS	The handlers don 't look at me , seemingly unaware of my and James 's past .
tr	NNS	His torn sweatpants flapped in the freezing breeze , exposing his leg to the elements .
tr	NN	Another long , deep thrust had her legs curling around his waist while her nails dug into his back .
tr	NNS	The bathroom tiles were a blood red , and the walls were a deep , ugly purple .
tr	NN	The plush carpet felt good against her bare feet .
tr	NNS	Rufus said raising up his bottle .
tr	NNS	Only a few inches inside her , but she already wanted more .
tr	NN	" If I have to make the choice for you , I will , " my grandma says .
tr	NN	Her lack of a sex life wasn 't a subject she wanted other people talking about .
tr	NNS	Her sprites , who never left her home , were more entertaining .
tr	NNS	" The two horns of the moon represent the star 's rise in both the east and the west , connecting them together . "
tr	NNS	Their footsteps echoed , and it was creepy .
tr	NNS	Its scales shined a dark sea green .
tr	NN	Its melody caused ripples in the still pool , which swirled around them gently , gurgling in answer to the Fae 's power .
tr	NN	Here the sailing becomes far more complicated .
tr	NNS	Without being told , her eight attendants gathered their things and rushed from the room as they always did at his appearance .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids lowered as she breathed in deeply .
tr	NNS	There were Hebrew letters on it in deep graven gold .
tr	NNS	My hopes , my dreams and my plans were of no consequence .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared with a heavy exhale .
tr	NNS	Red spots winked over his vision , and the demon whispered seductively : Cut yourself .
tr	NNS	Two other detectives were at their desks midway down the room , one on the phone , the other writing on a legal pad .
tr	NNS	She looked him over again , considered the possibilities .
tr	NN	" In Chicago , " Storm adds , setting her chin up a notch .
tr	NN	The same concept applied to humans is exactly what the zombie apocalypse entails .
tr	NN	The television was on .
tr	NN	The doorknob was just to my left .
tr	NNS	Flowers grew on virtually everything .
tr	NN	The passion grew as our plates emptied .
tr	NNS	The ambulance pulled away , lights flashing , sirens noiseless .
tr	NNS	The villagers immediately raised their hands and all started talking at once .
tr	NN	A welcoming committee in brightly embroidered costumes smiled down at her from among the greenery .
tr	NN	The trio said nothing all the way out of the Drum .
tr	NNS	The rods were steady most of the time but swung inwards suddenly .
tr	NNS	Little activities while Jim went through his thinking process .
tr	NNS	The smugness was back , settling over me like a second skin .
tr	NN	Her next leap covered half the length of a football field .
tr	NN	But this prophecy sounded bad .
tr	NNS	Myles returned to his own seat .
tr	NNS	Her own experiences , her own memories provided context .
tr	NNS	Maybe not all werewolves are bad . "
tr	NN	The captain walked inside a small chamber just outside the gate and began cranking the thing open .
tr	NNS	The slack emptiness of death is recognizable anywhere .
tr	NNS	" Dinner is at eight , cocktails are in the main lounge in twenty minutes .
tr	NN	" Your uncle said your blood was stolen from the lab .
tr	NN	No wonder Riddick didn 't trust the lawyer .
tr	NN	" What did the sheriff say ? "
tr	NN	His pupils contract as he processes what I said .
tr	NNS	' Good evening ladies , ' he said jumping to attention and offering an assisting hand .
tr	NN	" Though we bagged the vampire , tonight was a failure , " Vasile soberly admitted .
tr	NNS	Enriched by historical precedent , Nilo 's ideas developed into full , rank bloom .
tr	NNS	" Just between the two of us , " said the priest , " have you got any ideas about all this ?
tr	NNS	Huntress scoffed and shook her head , " He should be behind bars . "
tr	NNS	Its jaws stretched open wider than was humanly possible , and its eyes rolled back in its head .
tr	NN	The real estate agent told us that the pool had been put in six months before , the only new structure on the place .
tr	NNS	Yes , Angelina even found herself on the list of invitations to some of the parties her classmates held on the weekends .
tr	NN	" There 's not really a market for that sort of thing these days .
tr	NNS	Gather petals of red roses , washed three times .
tr	NNS	Words may lead someone on the way , but they are only to put his feet on the ground , and help him start walking .
tr	NN	And why does an agent go patrolling inside a factory as if it was a military zone ?
tr	NN	' But don 't worry I never do , we never do , ' Love added nodding at Stuart .
tr	NNS	Pack leaders were mutable .
tr	NNS	" The ancestors are only using Scarlett to get eternal life , but as soon as they have it , they plan to betray her . "
tr	NNS	My instincts were right .
tr	NN	But the divorce changed nothing on her part .
tr	NN	The pavement was becoming decidedly tacky .
tr	NNS	Little jolts of electricity trickled from my neck to my toes .
tr	NNS	The ripples played in the air , making Jared 's eyes feel funny .
tr	NNS	The aliens had mentioned the massacre and it was clear that they wanted to come back and do a proper job this time .
tr	NNS	Their bikes were nearly parallel to the ground , spinning until I was dizzy .
tr	NN	There was no other explanation as to why she was avoiding him .
tr	NNS	Those creatures aren 't dead .
tr	NN	Now , on this July afternoon , the fragrance of roses perfumed the air .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared and he advanced on her , furious that she 'd address him thusly in front of others .
tr	NN	But the priest went on , inflexible .
tr	NNS	Folks like Beauregard Benson , Ron Donaldson , Lorelei Parker ... And Jonah McAllister .
tr	NNS	The veil is before me , the butterflies in my stomach must have hidden the pull .
tr	NN	Her bra closed in the back , and he reached for and found the clasp .
tr	NNS	Her witchcraft materials lay out in the open ; apparently her mom didn 't expect anyone to come in , ever .
tr	NNS	My brother 's promises of help were not any consolation to me .
tr	NNS	And those nice farm ladies could donate fresh butter .
tr	NNS	" So let it be recorded , " the Council members said .
tr	NN	Soon , her accomplice , Silvia , the mind behind the slaughter , would follow her .
tr	NNS	While the Master Gunnery Sergeant was pointing to the old US Embassy , sniper shots rang out and everyone hit the ground .
tr	NN	His briefcase lay at his feet and he held a blue folder in his hands .
tr	NNS	In our parents ' face , a hundred splendid suns glowed together flaunting their happiness .
tr	NN	Part of me expected to push through the grass and see Link standing there .
tr	NNS	Three hundred pairs of eyes swiveled in their seats and stared at the two interlopers .
tr	NNS	2 A ruckus in the hall wakened the boy as the eager Students returned to their rooms after their last class before going to the evening meal .
tr	NN	She had cut them short , removed the polish .
tr	NNS	Lights shining through the back window had me lifting my head and looking to see who was there .
tr	NNS	The Bugs did " For Kim , Because it All Went by So Fast . "
tr	NNS	Just when all I want to do in my life is relax and enjoy my pension , ruckus started .
tr	NN	" The government runs very slowly .
tr	NN	" Kat , I 've told you a hundred times how much calling a fraternity a frat makes them cry like little girls .
tr	NNS	Further west , the hills rose higher and higher , until they became the mountains of the Pennines .
tr	NN	" My uncle Pirro .
tr	NNS	Now , there were shots being fired at my car as it galloped through the streets spitting heat and fire .
tr	NNS	The paintings depicted a society of jaguar people .
tr	NNS	The shapeshifters and faeries had to get their own clothes , which meant that boxes had been arriving nonstop for the past few days .
tr	NN	How does copying a landscape help change the gray part of the world ?
tr	NNS	" U.S. quarters and dimes , one full U.S. dollar coin , it ´ s him .
tr	NNS	The bees all went away , over the wall .
tr	NN	The captain dismounted and returned the salute .
tr	NNS	There are seating areas at the top of the second story , and more shelves , full of glorious books .
tr	NN	This pattern we strive to create is the only one I see that will allow the Order to survive . "
tr	NN	the ranger asked as he tipped his hat .
tr	NNS	When the doors open , the passengers sink their boots into the soft light sand , nearly a dust .
tr	NN	The stairwell led up into a long hallway with several rooms at the ends .
tr	NN	The lodging itself was very conservative , a design by a man called Fresco .
tr	NNS	Small creatures rose from the ocean 's depths and they came upon this land , as they started to transform into the creatures of the land .
tr	NN	" Up that stair is the Path .
tr	NN	" Me neither , " another male student added .
tr	NN	An ear-splitting shriek forced them both to cover their ears .
tr	NNS	The shadow warriors froze , dropping their swords , points toward the icy floor .
tr	NNS	Looks ticked , too . "
tr	NN	But hey , if I could figure out city maps , maybe I could handle this .
tr	NN	The author has asserted his moral and legal right to be recognised as the Author of this work .
tr	NNS	but captains don 't do that .
tr	NNS	Things can always get worse . "
tr	NNS	Suddenly Heritage Party signs were disappearing from every window .
tr	NNS	If so , why were the villagers still so paralyzed ?
tr	NN	Before now , Imp surgery would have been impossible .
tr	NNS	Things that shouldn 't are stirring again .
tr	NNS	There were objects in the sky , too , hovering about the runners , shimmery , semi-transparent things .
tr	NN	To maintain that , the ton would need to see that she was in the good graces of the current duke .
tr	NNS	Rawlings looked him straight in the eyes .
tr	NNS	The other rats and the humans , who were drifting back and forth with buckets , paid it no attention .
tr	NN	The gap I have created by pulling the grate down is more narrow than the shaft itself anyway .
tr	NN	" My granddaughter , " my grandfather , seated in his easy chair , one elbow on the arm , hand in his chin , announced .
tr	NNS	There were no pupils in her eyes , but I could sense the fear in her .
tr	NNS	Of course the newspapers also felt the need to name that which was responsible for the bad things in the city .
tr	NN	The ruthless determination in his voice battered her frayed defences .
tr	NN	Planes landing near a town that small are going to be noticed .
tr	NN	A student shot to her feet .
tr	NNS	When she came down to breakfast there were letters on her plate .
tr	NNS	Agents rushed in every direction , laden down with weapons .
tr	NNS	Things just kept getting stranger .
tr	NNS	The roads were busy now with people heading home from the meeting .
tr	NNS	There were murmurs of surprise , then a guy said " Ben , I can do it - " " No .
tr	NNS	My headaches started when Theresa died .
tr	NNS	Other pilgrims , who had arrived earlier sat around the tables eating and drinking .
tr	NNS	" Flowers can teach us many things , especially when they 're out of sight , like these ones are , hiding in the ground . "
tr	NN	There was a liquid rumbling in the cat 's throat and he stopped abruptly , hanging there motionless .
tr	NNS	Moses was about to say , " But he 's my friend , " when he suddenly lost interest and wandered off toward his own room .
tr	NNS	Two spherical discs mounted parallel to one another across a triangular shaped frame .
tr	NN	His accent was exceptionally thick , as much from the way his lips and cheeks were swollen as from any natural heritage .
tr	NNS	Other members of the group joined them , moved on , and returned .
tr	NN	The random arrangement of stepping stones offers several paths to the top , and the fact has the boy feeling suspicious right away .
tr	NNS	" Excuse , Sir , " Bugs grunted in a thick Italian accent as he tapped a tall slender man on the shoulder .
tr	NN	My orgasm takes me by surprise .
tr	NN	The notebook was still in my purse .
tr	NNS	The nurses didn 't even look .
tr	NNS	These two races were never at peace ; they were constantly striving one against the other .
tr	NN	The glint of excitement in her eyes dimmed .
tr	NN	Of course sleeping with a hangover , a major hangover , and the covers over your face doesn 't help . "
tr	NN	The miracle emboldens me and I reach for another handful of snow .
tr	NN	A hoof slipped off the edge , and he lurched sideways .
tr	NNS	Oh , please ... " Her eyelids fluttered .
tr	NNS	Their quiet motors made their advance secretive and their first shots stunning .
tr	NN	" Ava , your ' Mr. Tall , Dark , and Handsome ' is here , " the secretary quietly spoke with a hint of amusement .
tr	NNS	" The servants were afraid of contracting it and neglected her terribly .
tr	NN	There was a faint glint of metal about fifteen feet ahead and to the right , then a tiny green glow that immediately winked out .
tr	NNS	" Animals are my gift . "
tr	NNS	The handlers would just come and take me .
tr	NN	There was even a loud whistle .
tr	NN	" No sweetie , you are that little girl . "
tr	NN	The teacher knew I hadn 't been paying attention , and in this , she was like Silk .
tr	NN	a conductor cal ed from behind us .
tr	NN	Taking the large bouquet from Anthony 's outstretched hand , the maid nodded , bobbed a curtsy and scurried off .
tr	NN	Warning lights winked on in all axis quarters and the Orbiter intercom repeated calmly , " Vacuum suits mandatory in all sealed areas .
tr	NN	How dare an oracle disparage his King in that manner ?
tr	NN	The new tsar will assert himself as head , but there will be no interference with church administration .
tr	NN	Love isn 't worth the pain .
tr	NNS	Quinn had told me two vamps couldn 't actually live together because of the whole territorial thing .
tr	NN	Because at some point , an idiot will be in a key position and do something so stupid that everything will come down crashing .
tr	NN	Another lick of excitement burned Lexi 's chest as they walked to the fabric storage area .
tr	NNS	The other emails were business correspondence , but I jotted down names and addresses just in case .
tr	NN	His deep chuckle caught her attention .
tr	NNS	My classes back home did not prepare me for this . "
tr	NNS	One sob escaped me , but then I swallowed hard and bit down on the side of my tongue .
tr	NN	The owl settled down close to Josef , shifting back into human form .
tr	NNS	Words seemed to have no more rescue in them than if he had been beholding a vessel in peril of wreck , beaten by an inescapable storm .
tr	NN	Final y , after what seems like a year , Henry and Carrie climb out of the convertible and join the rest of the homecoming court .
tr	NN	There was the familiar glint in her mother 's eye .
tr	NN	There was a pitcher on the table but when he picked it up , he found it was empty .
tr	NN	The only progress is forward .
tr	NNS	Long bursts of brilliant color shimmered across the sky , creating curtains of green and yellow .
tr	NNS	Things were happening so fast Willow wanted to scream her lungs out .
tr	NNS	The paintings don 't capture it right .
tr	NNS	The monitors glowed white and blue in the gloom .
tr	NN	Kincaid 's spine arched and he let out an ethereal scream , eerie and inhuman , like wind howling through skeletal trees .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids fluttered and closed .
tr	NNS	My apprentices did a decent job . '
tr	NNS	The wolves took up his flanks , mowing down any Sentinel who dared run .
tr	NN	Aye , your maid tried to kill me .
tr	NN	The fat on his wrists bulged around the gold watch with diamond studs and more diamonds glittered on a gold ring circling his manicured finger .
tr	NN	" One quarter demon . "
tr	NN	At whose command do you hunt Orcs in our land ? ' '
tr	NNS	Huge paintings of kings past lined the walls and all draperies were a very rich scarlet color .
tr	NNS	In the evenings , the upper floors of these pristine buildings would remain almost entirely unlit .
tr	NNS	The grains sparkled in the torchlight , like powdered black diamond , and I felt a chill slide up my back .
tr	NNS	John would usually be around , slouched in his armchair telling tales or knelt at the coffee table playing cards .
tr	NNS	There were three yellow flags and two red flags stuck close together around a city .
tr	NNS	Doors and windows remained shut while families enjoyed their day off together .
tr	NNS	How would the courts see it ?
tr	NN	A shriek tore itself out of Clary 's throat .
tr	NN	" Well , Isaac , the other option isn 't so good .
tr	NN	The lab tech stops me before I can go on .
tr	NN	But the redhead looked like a nutcase too .
tr	NNS	And yet ... certain nuances affected her understanding of the situation , the full impact of which she hadn 't realized until now .
tr	NN	The nerve of him , saying that other informants wouldn 't talk to her because she was a woman .
tr	NNS	Such experiences will never take away from the love you have for Aimee . "
tr	NNS	Others had brought beer and portable radios .
tr	NNS	But sometimes the edges became granite , then maybe glistening crystal , then perhaps dull , but unpolished , pebble .
tr	NN	Yeah , my birthday is July ninth . "
tr	NN	But now that they were over , her twin would just laugh at her .
tr	NNS	Flowers were just beginning to bloom .
tr	NNS	" The crown jewels of Ireland disappeared in the early 1900s .
tr	NN	The staircase , the hallway , the whole of the chateau lay silent and dark .
tr	NNS	Bottles eventually went to bed , leaving his father sitting next to a jug , half-full of moonshine .
tr	NNS	The creatures jerked and flailed , dragging their body chunks .
tr	NNS	Her companions merely regarded her with curiosity .
tr	NNS	Alexis has your ear and said I was a dick when I told them to leave if they couldn 't give it their all ? "
tr	NNS	Soft footsteps brushed against the carpets .
tr	NNS	Managerial types are always human . "
tr	NN	The CD player came on automatically , blaring slightly .
tr	NN	Storm made a sound on the other end of the line ; it sounded like a laugh .
tr	NN	So the queue progressed fairly quickly .
tr	NNS	When I got back to the boat , the two familiar figures on deck did not look happy .
tr	NN	" We already decided that , " Chance said , tilting his head toward Shannon .
tr	NNS	The hills were blazing with their dominating colors and enriching blessings of the creator .
tr	NN	" No witness have I , none Save God Almighty .
tr	NNS	The twisty roads had been bad enough at the sedate pace set on their trip up the mountain .
tr	NNS	Things this good just don 't happen .
tr	NNS	Was making deliveries really part of her job , or was Jester trying to get her into trouble for some reason ?
tr	NNS	Old movie posters and short sections of theater seats sat dust covered along the wall .
tr	NNS	There were already so many whispers in the palace about what a terrible step-mother I was to Snow .
tr	NNS	Orders Greg and when he lifts his head from Jane to speak to me , I get a glimpse of her face .
tr	NNS	Only rarely could the movements of the soldiers in the town be seen .
tr	NN	A sob burst from my chest at her name .
tr	NN	The growly roar stroked her ears and between her legs like a rough caress .
tr	NN	The writing on the dish soap caught his attention .
tr	NN	On the other side of the bed another panel opened and a tray extended towards the bed .
tr	NN	His pulse beat in time with mine .
tr	NNS	Alexis hung up the phone and got dressed .
tr	NN	A werewolf would never mate with a vampire .
tr	NN	" Your daddy and I are just friends , Abigail .
tr	NNS	Her fears were dispelled .
tr	NNS	Makes sense she would want to greet the new librarian .
tr	NN	That crone had been more than equal to the task ... and had left Taya with scars that none could see .
tr	NNS	Others remained in human form , fearing not those on the other side .
tr	NNS	In fact , there were no posters at all .
tr	NN	To put it simply , teaching sucks .
tr	NNS	Female humans ' minds are like the answer to the meaning of life , impossible to decipher . "
tr	NN	Although freshly dug , the mound of earth had already grown hard in the frosty air .
tr	NN	The singer in the red dress was smiling and snapping her fingers and shimmying her body to the music .
tr	NN	" The trick only works once , Jarl .
tr	NNS	But the six leaders will be concentrating their efforts on gaining control of the humans .
tr	NNS	Maybe his motives weren 't completely self-centered after all .
tr	NNS	On the third day the winds began to increase and clouds could be seen on the horizon .
tr	NN	Their passion hadn 't waned over the past five years of their marriage but instead , increased .
tr	NN	The Book of Life is the book that God keeps on all humans .
tr	NN	Your contribution was a mediocre suggestion at best . "
tr	NNS	The best lies were always the ones harvested from a seed of truth .
tr	NN	" The bones do not lie , " the oracle pronounced .
tr	NNS	Secondly , the wolves tend to keep these things within their society .
tr	NN	He final y turned .
tr	NN	There was no slow exploration .
tr	NNS	If he was indeed feigning great disappointment at the idea of being apart , his acting skills were impressive .
tr	NN	Skyler 's choked chuckle broke through her frustration .
tr	NNS	And some items would earn a person a one-way trip into the wild country .
tr	NN	The luxury surrounding me didn 't have to come to an end just yet .
tr	NN	This highly professional and ruthless criminal organization never quit .
tr	NN	But still , realisation dawned .
tr	NNS	The duchess shot him a killing glance , but she said nothing more .
tr	NNS	" Each species will be like a seed cast to the wind .
tr	NNS	" Beef burgers or veggie burgers ? "
tr	NN	" Come in and pull up a stool , " the captain called to John as he entered .
tr	NNS	Then those images faded while more flashed like a panicked strobe light .
tr	NNS	" There are no other viable explanations .
tr	NN	" When is your birthday exactly ? "
tr	NNS	Kids , on the other hand , couldn 't seem to stop , especially Bert 's three kids .
tr	NN	The clear liquid went into the cat 's throat .
tr	NNS	" The shots , " Chuck breathed .
tr	NN	To her relief , Lucien 's discomfort eased .
tr	NN	To his left was the mountain , and to his right , the river , rushing a hundred feet below .
tr	NNS	A dozen Resistance members turned to show me theirs , including Jericho and Avalon .
tr	NNS	Last night 's meager winnings crunch in my hand as I close my fist .
tr	NN	The helicopter pilot pushed the doors open as we ran across the pad .
tr	NN	And mortality ... always there was mortality beating down upon us .
tr	NN	The air conditioning was squealing its complaints .
tr	NN	Her resolve melted under the force of his gaze and Anne Marie slowly sank back into her chair .
tr	NNS	Souls had to cross over it to enter the realm of death .
tr	NNS	His slow , methodical movements were hypnotic , the muscles on his arms flexing and relaxing with an attractive rhythm .
tr	NNS	" Why do you Shadowhunters have this problem ?
tr	NN	" The general rank and file of the government knows nothing about Raven .
tr	NNS	Diggs saw her first .
tr	NN	There was no malice to Jason , just an overly developed sense of fun .
tr	NN	My number one goal for the summer is to save enough money to buy a car . "
tr	NN	But guilt still gnawed at him , crept through his bones .
tr	NNS	In addition , there were plastic tubs of yarn and knitting projects I 'd lost interest in for one reason or another .
tr	NNS	And the twins were about to begin the feast .
tr	NN	Susanna 's posture stiffened .
tr	NN	Thankfully , the gag did .
tr	NN	Their lack of humor marked them more than their size or actions .
tr	NN	You 'll see , " was all Wes said as we filed out of the house and into the waiting limo .
tr	NN	The molded shield expanded with his touch and bubbled them both inside .
tr	NNS	Cracking open the window , my heart races as I dare to breathe the air around me .
tr	NN	The casts were still on so that was out of the question .
tr	NNS	Positioning Hugo against the bark the maiden stepped back and yawned , the afternoon beverages had induced sleepiness .
tr	NNS	Looks like you were having quite a lunch up here .
tr	NNS	The ladies were very agitated and it seemed the most expedient way to alleviate their fears . "
tr	NN	In the cities , infection is rampant and everyone left is converted by now .
tr	NN	Another leader asks , " Where will the white tiger be ? "
tr	NNS	" Your royal cousins do the same ? "
tr	NN	Part of me felt like I should go apologize to him , tell him I was sorry about how I was acting , but I couldn 't .
tr	NN	The dragon tail moves from side to side uncontrollably .
tr	NNS	Two cards for the players were face down then light bets are made .
tr	NNS	Empty seats were filling up quickly ; she knew it without turning around .
tr	NN	" It is decided , then , " the watch captain said .
tr	NNS	Lots of people would love an encyclopedia that either ignores subjects they 're not comfortable with or replaces the truth with preposterous allegations . "
tr	NNS	Shattered bits of stone peppered him as Cole fell flat .
tr	NN	Its purity and intensity singed him .
tr	NN	The canyon appeared much higher than before .
tr	NNS	The sunglasses were still there in my pocket , the way they were the first four times I checked .
tr	NNS	Or were these items the gateway to me losing my mortality sooner than I 'd intended ?
tr	NN	There 's even a particular bean that can grow so high it reaches the clouds .
tr	NN	From the looks of it , the map had me heading toward the Hoh River .
tr	NN	A huge chandelier made of antlers hung from the ceiling .
tr	NNS	Muscles in his back eased a little .
tr	NN	My daddy has written three books , and he has a whole room for a library with all kinds of fat books about everything you can imagine .
tr	NNS	Since I left Oregon , other facilities have opened up around the country .
tr	NN	A spark passed from his skin to mine , humming in the charged air around us .
tr	NNS	Things will simply have to slow down .
tr	NNS	" Things have been pretty busy .
tr	NNS	That was why movies existed -- to give inspiration .
tr	NNS	Things that might have rightful places around this new house , on tables and windowsills and shelves .
tr	NNS	Several bits of circuitry lay out in front of him , spread across a large wooden table .
tr	NNS	Without any prompting , the two sergeants repeated their story to the Major , who was obviously very angry .
tr	NNS	" The wolves followed your orders so you have no reason to attack them anymore . "
tr	NN	A poet might say he is blinded by the pain .
tr	NN	Link thought , looking at her .
tr	NN	" And if I do this , I ' l get my mom 's e-mail ? "
tr	NN	One tech stood upright on the spot and another held a drinking straw against the side of his head at the correct angle and held it steady .
tr	NNS	Waves of grinding , jolting sounds mixed with the rush of water and bursting bubbles .
tr	NNS	Shouts and expletives echo through the dock as the two men angrily rebuke each other .
tr	NN	The spark of excitement left his eyes , his expression turning serious .
tr	NNS	Usually the guest lists for his get-togethers consist of himself and the lady of the moment . "
tr	NNS	Those mysteries had absorbed her , drawn her on and lured her into the life of a scientist .
tr	NN	The archway between had a lattice door that could be latched when one store was closed and the other was still open to customers .
tr	NNS	Once again , our accommodations were underground while the tastefully furnished ground floor was for appearances only .
tr	NNS	What are the currents like , the undertow , the waves ?
tr	NNS	Muscles rippled beneath his thin shirt and there was a fluid grace to his every stride .
tr	NN	A language I was meant to know , I believe , but could not quite grasp .
tr	NNS	Diggs knocked on my door before I could develop any half-baked theories .
tr	NN	' On a fast bike , taking short cuts , it would be possible , ' Love said .
tr	NN	Terror stalked outside with heavy boots before the door came crashing in .
tr	NN	The coroner is going with accidental drowning , probably due to a suicidal leap off the bridge .
tr	NNS	Her pupils elongated , radiating her pleasure .
tr	NN	A rustle in the bushes in front of them stopped them in their tracks .
tr	NNS	The images of it flashed through her mind in quick succession .
tr	NN	The priest introduced us as mister and missus .
tr	NNS	The captains stared at the contents .
tr	NN	Why art thou so far from helping me , and from the words of my roaring ?
tr	NNS	" Things are going to change between us , Dawn . "
tr	NNS	The low hills , shrouded in trees , huddled beneath the cooling sky , becoming hushed .
tr	NNS	The wipers squeaked across the glass .
tr	NNS	" Things are starting to cool down there . "
tr	NNS	The signs were all there and too obvious to ignore .
tr	NN	The urgent language did not abate once the man was inside the fortress .
tr	NNS	Even the teachers were tired of Dylan 's antics .
tr	NNS	Possessive grandparents , aunts , uncles ? "
tr	NNS	Hands clenched into fists .
tr	NN	After a few turns the cord and rope were tightly braided together , and the spinning stopped .
tr	NNS	Looks like it might rain . "
tr	NN	A tired scowl distorted his otherwise handsome face .
tr	NNS	The mech wolves drew closer .
tr	NNS	By the time breakfast was finished , fat flakes of snow were falling to the ground outside the cave .
tr	NNS	The withdrawal symptoms will mirror the opposite effect that the drug provided .
tr	NN	There 's a flutter in my stomach .
tr	NNS	His kisses were indescribable , the emotion behind them enough to break her heart .
tr	NNS	Wild arcs of blue lightning shot out of Sidious 's hands and toward Yoda .
tr	NN	A giggle slipped out .
tr	NNS	No insults , " he assured him .
tr	NNS	The butterflies in Ted 's stomach were really trying to break out now .
tr	NNS	" Two bikes , " he said to the guy who stepped forward .
tr	NNS	Aurelius moved his scanner across the blood .
tr	NNS	The other streetlights sported bells .
tr	NNS	" But there were rats in cages .
tr	NN	Just one other trailer sat in the campground like a baking lump of gila dung .
tr	NNS	The cherry wood floors , exposed rafters , and sconces that were mounted to the walls gave the dining room a warm feel .
tr	NN	A true leader went in the van , with his people at his back .
tr	NNS	The other two filthy pigs were lying beside the fire .
tr	NN	Sable sat back and unfolded his legs , a satisfied smile spreading over his face .
tr	NNS	The gun blasts back against my grip and I nearly drop it .
tr	NNS	Our ancestors kept the tunnels relatively level , but there are plenty of drifts to explore . "
tr	NN	" No pun intended . "
tr	NN	The explanation you give to my staff is crucial to how things may unfold .
tr	NN	He won , t ever be collecting that letter . "
tr	NN	Occasionally a blood drinker would come through these lands , but they were taken by surprise , not expecting the wolves .
tr	NN	The jaguar turned her head toward him , mischief in her brilliant green eyes .
tr	NN	Her declaration surprises me .
tr	NN	The market was winding down and she knew it was time for her to go , too .
tr	NNS	The petals swirled with her passing , rising a little , then moved faster .
tr	NN	" Our government and others . "
tr	NNS	Others began to join in .
tr	NN	" But there is so much uncertainty in my life right now .
tr	NN	The cafeteria was much too quiet .
tr	NNS	" How frequent were these episodes ? "
tr	NNS	Whoever controlled the cameras now knew for sure that I was no longer under the influence of their drug , and they wanted me taken care of .
tr	NN	" My parents ' anniversary is on a Saturday this year . "
tr	NN	The coast of Syria is going to start looking like an aircraft carrier car park before too much longer .
tr	NNS	Moses was displaying a heavily bandaged stump .
tr	NN	" I 'd like that , " the priest told her .
tr	NN	The barkeep brings him over an ale , putting it before him with a nod .
tr	NNS	Initial hits with a large hammer had only jammed the drawers shut even more , making them impossible to open .
tr	NN	" You know , your uncle and I have been together forty-six years . "
tr	NN	The TV had blown its fuse , so in a weird sense , he died how he would have wanted to die .
tr	NN	There 's no justice in this world . "
tr	NN	" Like Michael , the angel , " Esther said , " If you believe in that sort of thing . "
tr	NNS	The wolves stopped howling .
tr	NNS	Doors that were once sealed shut are now opening , the memories flooding back to their rightful place .
tr	NNS	Amy 's emails are always talking about you and Beth .
tr	NNS	Supernatural happenings in Salem have been a topic of discussion for over three hundred years . "
tr	NN	" The weakness is that you are relying wholly on fear . "
tr	NNS	Reyes dropped his arm to his sides and felt a little flattery might help .
tr	NN	" And that is probably where you are heading , " said the sheriff , moving further away from the cell .
tr	NNS	The contents of this small study were strewn every which way as if the person using it had to leave in a great hurry .
tr	NN	The lounge was mostly empty except for a few couples having a break from shopping .
tr	NN	Indeed , only a madman would have dared to attempt such a daring raid , as failure would mean certain death at the jaws of these monsters .
tr	NNS	Those butterflies flitted and spun , tumbled around in the lowest part of my core .
tr	NNS	" And a few lifetimes of that , and -- voilà !
tr	NNS	The wooden boards squeaked and groaned as they walked around the stacks of boxes and unwanted furniture .
tr	NN	My pen drops from my hand .
tr	NNS	Your grandparents were great .
tr	NN	Here science breaks down .
tr	NN	The repugnant hatred in Valerius 's eyes was searing .
tr	NNS	Chapter 16 Things get much worse We heard the roar of hundreds of snowmobiles long before we could see them .
tr	NN	the captain said with a huge smile .
tr	NN	One student punches the jaw of another .
tr	NNS	The steep side hills where two small canyons joined created a natural game crossing and numerous tracks in the deep snow testified to it .
tr	NNS	His worries were unfounded .
tr	NN	Physical combat was not his specialty .
tr	NN	Just fucking be a man and admit to me how the sex is .
tr	NNS	His instincts are pretty good too .
tr	NNS	The ancestors are going to burn it to the ground . "
tr	NN	Part of me thinks this isn 't real .
tr	NNS	Orders were that you needed to be ready for it . "
tr	NN	Was the angel looking after them , or had some sense of self-preservation kicked in and made him disappear ?
tr	NN	" Maybe the policeman will want some .
tr	NNS	Those cookies , plus the ones she 'd collected the night of the exchange , added up to enough for the entire town .
tr	NNS	Dangerous Beans turned towards the young rat .
tr	NN	Her grandmother 's haughty words linger in my mind and the pain in her dad 's eyes haunts me .
tr	NN	The receptionist glanced up whenever they broke the silence .
tr	NNS	There are retail stores on the ground level and most likely business offices on the rest of the floors .
tr	NNS	Others appeared , but Jason kept his focus to the shack .
tr	NN	" The bastard has taken advantage of you and your talents for decades . "
tr	NN	The dragon comes back and he has a basket filled with fruit and milk and breads and places it down on the ground .
tr	NNS	The smells and sounds of the mountains seemed to beat at her senses .
tr	NN	The author has created a cast of intriguing , real life characters and themes .
tr	NN	This witness has testified to the kind nature of Justice Rayburn .
tr	NN	The gentle and kind gleam in his eye was nothing like the arrogant man he sometimes appeared to be .
tr	NNS	Did supernaturals who passed over change their gifts ?
tr	NN	The spider struck the side of a small sports car hard enough to make it rock on its springs , and then it was gone .
tr	NNS	The developed nations worldwide found themselves caught up in the turmoil as their citizens turned on the Muslims communities among them .
tr	NN	Me and my dog , " Link stammered .
tr	NN	" Your accent was masterful .
tr	NN	An attorney 's office .
tr	NN	The early literature of robotics is riddled with a discussion of that very matter and the polemics involved were something frightful .
tr	NNS	These clowns are going to get someone killed out here .
tr	NNS	' And there are no trains ? '
tr	NN	Poison entered his blood , slowing him down .
tr	NN	As her eyes adjusted , a hard pit formed in her stomach .
tr	NN	the captain quickly retorted .
tr	NNS	The business suits continued to stare at me .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of Sebastian consumed her .
tr	NNS	Sean 's kisses become more demanding .
tr	NNS	At school , there were no cameras or reporters , no one trying to take a picture of me , no reason to hide .
tr	NN	No bullet loose in his clothing .
tr	NNS	The two detectives waited for the expected explosion .
tr	NN	The dragon dropped to the ground with a scream and Izzy kept going .
tr	NN	History as we know it is wrong about everything .
tr	NN	" And another option is ... " " We rule Dark Plains from here . "
tr	NNS	Starbucks cleaves through its neck .
tr	NN	A palm scanner opened the next door and she was inside .
tr	NN	" But your redemption lies with The Maker , with your faith in Him .
tr	NNS	" No Questions Asked , written by Sidney Sheldon . "
tr	NN	In return , Love had given him a copy of The Decameron by Giovanni Boccaccio .
tr	NN	Our route through life is nearly insignificant ; rather it 's the character of our heart 's response that has an impact .
tr	NNS	The directions I gave my muscles were clear , but there was a breach somewhere along the lines ; I couldn 't move .
tr	NNS	Your Highness must determine who is at greater fault . "
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared as he inhaled .
tr	NNS	Things were still bleak .
tr	NNS	Nerves , excitement , she told herself , because the man held her happiness in his hands .
tr	NNS	Local governments have recruited some of our graduates and we 've offered our top students scholarships to overseas universities . "
tr	NN	A lady 's maid ought above all to practice patience and discretion ; she had shown neither .
tr	NNS	The millions of celestial objects filled my mind , enveloping my imagination into their midst .
tr	NNS	The media just likes to put a good spin on things so they can sell more papers .
tr	NN	The ghoul seemed perplexed by the proximity of this growling , stinking , machine , but still it remained motionless .
tr	NN	Shortly after I came , that defeat finally befell them . "
tr	NN	A glint of light on the landing caught her eye .
tr	NNS	No long hugs like her dad gave .
tr	NNS	Diggs was watching me .
tr	NNS	His other novels , Across The Sea and Here are available at all online eBook stores .
tr	NNS	The sweets and mini desserts are a family tradition where Indian families would sit and enjoy them after their meals .
tr	NN	The receptionist motions to Adel with her head that the man who just walked by was in fact the owner .
tr	NNS	There were some monitors and wires , but I was glad that he looked like he was sleeping normally .
tr	NN	" Yes , I think that 's the wisest course " " Just like a man , " the crone screeched .
tr	NNS	Immediately I drew back , feeling fumes burn down the back of my throat .
tr	NNS	What did the other objects mean ?
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared and his generous lips thinned .
tr	NNS	And my rats will swim , believe me .
tr	NN	The seatbelt digs into my hips , and I cry out .
tr	NN	The House arrangement is kind of ... Well , think feudal England .
tr	NNS	Weekend campus visits were becoming the norm .
tr	NNS	Lots of couples slept together and it didn 't mean anything at all .
tr	NNS	Mara lifted her head , nostrils flaring , but said nothing .
tr	NN	No chaos or Halfling had ever gone face to face with him and lived .
tr	NN	" We 'll just aim for a clear space and - " " I don 't think so , " said the Lecturer in Recent Runes .
tr	NNS	Then , the invisible chains which had held Speed against rock slab once more tightened and pulled him against it .
tr	NNS	The authorities may spring for an autopsy but they won 't find anything more .
tr	NNS	Soldiers from outside on the street had responded quickly .
tr	NN	And then there 's Cash .
tr	NN	The stylist gave me a funny look , but continued to rub it on me .
tr	NN	And Chance lifted his hand .
tr	NN	the maid cried in horror when Aunt Nell turned on her .
tr	NNS	" My chili is always good . "
tr	NNS	Things were so much different in the Citadel back then .
tr	NNS	Both boxers came out of their corners , Lea using the Peek-a-boo defense , while Luisa simply moved forward .
tr	NNS	Tris turns to me , her eyes wide , incredulous .
tr	NN	What he really needed , was a miracle .
tr	NNS	All my chances with Julie went out the window over an hour ago when I stood her up .
tr	NNS	Every year , millions of people migrated to the war metropolises seeking fortune in the so-called " Free Martial Economy . "
tr	NNS	Maris nodded at his comrade .
tr	NNS	Soon his eyelids became too heavy to remain open .
tr	NNS	Things didn 't work out with my brother , but I 'd still like to stay in touch . "
tr	NN	Not much cotton left , to think of it , either . "
tr	NN	Despite the lateness of the hour , the masonry yard was far from quiet .
tr	NNS	There were also some creatures in the bar who were not vamps and not human , members of Louisiana 's supernatural community .
tr	NNS	There are some great trails we 've been exploring , away from the main road and with awesome slopes . "
tr	NN	" The photograph , " I manage .
tr	NNS	The federal institutions joined the multinationals that up to that time had leaded the research .
tr	NN	With that , the sheriff hopped down , and Matthew caught a glimpse of him moving toward the front door .
tr	NNS	There were no witnesses to say if he 'd swerved to avoid an animal or another car .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of that time and what the demon did flashed in his mind .
tr	NN	Their courtship had been the stuff of legends .
tr	NNS	Her sobs echoed in the room and she pressed her fists into her burning eyes .
tr	NN	The operator across from Gottfried winced .
tr	NNS	Others just stared as she passed , her serving women doing their best to hold her train with dignity .
tr	NNS	The suns were still bright , the air still warm , their destination in the west no nearer .
tr	NN	Another click , and the bedroom looked out on a majestic mountaintop .
tr	NNS	Looks like a fishing boat .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared angrily and he shuddered .
tr	NNS	If students chose not to learn , then professors will fail those students .
tr	NN	Part of her wanted to berate him , to tell him to give her the space she 'd asked for .
tr	NN	Ok , " Axel said away from the phone .
tr	NN	" These stupid nausea spouts I 've been having for like a month . "
tr	NNS	Waves of sorrow poured off her .
tr	NN	The agent paused in front of the bedroom door and took a deep breath .
tr	NN	There was a couple smoking calmly by the window , ( where , when ? )
tr	NN	The captain of the guard knew the mission had been a partial success .
tr	NNS	Any attempts at luring this woman would make her run .
tr	NN	The scowl on the man 's face deepened and he pushed back his chair .
tr	NN	For the second time , the overwhelming guilt of getting a friend killed consumed him .
tr	NN	" The school 's thirtieth anniversary is next Friday .
tr	NNS	He heard light , dainty , footsteps approach the door and then suddenly stop , along with his heart .
tr	NNS	Girls hobbled toward the door , unsteady in their heels .
tr	NNS	A dozen cameras flashed as he made his way to the lectern facing the journalists .
tr	NN	A second later , the doorknob turned and rattled .
tr	NN	" The government doesn 't cover that ? "
tr	NNS	The berries did help the taste , but her mind wasn 't fooled at all .
tr	NNS	Her high cheekbones were sharper than any blade .
tr	NN	the pilot of the lead aircraft reported .
tr	NNS	Words weren 't really my thing at that moment .
tr	NNS	Our kisses were long , wet , and so , so delicious .
tr	NNS	Do these letters look backwards ?
tr	NNS	If Ashe thought he 'd have problems dealing with the four , his worries were only beginning .
tr	NNS	But to the woman , the legends had become far too real .
tr	NNS	" Things have gotten bad . "
tr	NN	A tinge of resentment lasted only a moment .
tr	NN	" And they 're all going in the same direction , " said the Lecturer in Recent Runes .
tr	NNS	What are its degrees of freedom .
tr	NNS	The contents weren 't anything extraordinary .
tr	NNS	The pricks of irritation soured my stomach now .
tr	NNS	The twins had taken their kayak thirty yards out , the water not-quite chest high .
tr	NNS	' With strings attached . '
tr	NNS	Eileen 's sentences were full and somewhat lengthier than Wayne 's .
tr	NN	There was zero hassle to this trip for her .
tr	NNS	The differences between them were not racial nor tribal , but rather were based on class .
tr	NN	Her first instinct was to hide her thoughts from him , the way he had hid his , but she was really scared .
tr	NNS	Under some filing cabinets in Gary 's office was a hatch that led down to a secret basement .
tr	NN	His absence might have helped intensify that affection , as well .
tr	NN	Carved and polished paneling lined all the interior walls .
tr	NNS	Cassius raced up and turned me around .
tr	NN	The dwarf cow resembled a miniature Terrestrial buffalo with orange fur .
tr	NN	Apparently my secretary scheduled me in for a board meeting .
tr	NN	Her tail surfaced as she waited , splashing water up to me .
tr	NN	The tail on the mermaid was a perfect blue sapphire .
tr	NNS	Not too much further , the footprints ended in a field of grass and I lost his trail .
tr	NN	" I suggest you go to the hospital wing and see the nurse after you leave here , " Link said and James laughed .
tr	NN	Though it probably wasn 't good for him , his tail wagged in approval the whole time .
tr	NN	My fantasy cowboy is laughing at me .
tr	NN	A dangerous haze shuttered over his eyes ; his own , all his own , but the demon liked it .
tr	NNS	The Corps Squads team captains were pressuring each other to see which squad could drink the most .
tr	NN	A rider has just come in on the road from Goliad .
tr	NNS	Even so , icy dampness penetrated to her toes .
tr	NN	Scented steam hit me as soon as I stepped in , wafts of lavender escaping into the corridor .
tr	NN	Beneath the tired aches , serenity flows through me like a river dammed too long .
tr	NN	The principal had taken one look at her face and agreed , offering to cover her class the rest of the afternoon .
tr	NNS	" The wolves , the ones that have been disappearing ... " Lina felt her small army bristle behind her .
tr	NNS	Girls and boys were dancing on the dance floor .
tr	NNS	The lovers I had , when I first got here !
tr	NN	Love isn 't something you have to deserve . "
tr	NNS	Things that showed how desperate Jay was becoming .
tr	NN	Then the urges kicked in .
tr	NN	A blond curl fell on her shoulder like a spill of moonlight .
tr	NNS	the petals twirled in the air like turbulent snow .
tr	NNS	I pressed my lips to her forehead and kissed it until the storm began to pass out of her , the sobs fading to whimpers .
tr	NN	By the end of my shopping trip , my cart piled so high with snacks I could barely push it .
tr	NNS	Our warriors know . "
tr	NNS	In exchange for their cooperation , his followers and their families were the only people in the area supplied with food , water and health care .
tr	NN	The monstrosity dropped down from the table , and the floor shook from the impact of its great bulk .
tr	NNS	There are certain traits which are a little disquieting . "
tr	NN	The whole stairwell heated up like an oven .
tr	NNS	And the images of Megan and John flying appeared in front of Bradley 's eyes .
tr	NNS	And again , the breaks between flashes getting shorter .
tr	NNS	As they crept along , rats scampered past them in the darkness .
tr	NNS	A strange emptiness filled him .
tr	NNS	Questions about Volkov could wait .
tr	NNS	The legends were correct in the weapons of our death .
tr	NNS	" All my ideas are good ones . "
tr	NN	" Then don 't send me away , " she said , her pleading gaze a weapon of mass destruction on his heart .
tr	NN	The tube opened with a hydraulic hiss .
tr	NN	A thin layer of sweat coated his bare back ; his dark hair was wet as it curled against his face .
tr	NN	Liam 's boot creaked the front steps , and a man in a grimy black woolen coat leaned out the door .
tr	NNS	With pictures and reports , in and from The City and The Town squares and plaza 's there : < The World as All ?
tr	NN	Love is worth more than all the riches in the world . ' "
tr	NN	The dragon was eager and happy for the attention , his eyes brightening as Laurence made the suggestion .
tr	NN	The Manager thanked him and wished him well in his new job .
tr	NN	" There is no value in putting yourself down and hating your food .
tr	NN	" Soon the shield will fail and you will be at my mercy . "
tr	NN	And there was nothing childlike about her mouth .
tr	NN	The kitten bounced across the room , the strange , purring growl rumbling in its chest .
tr	NNS	The contents were mainly just eggs , cheeses , bread , some French bread , some salad with a bottle of French dressing .
tr	NNS	Night creatures scuttled through the undergrowth .
tr	NNS	With that the ogre crashed into the night as the tall , swaying grasses parted for his advance .
tr	NNS	" The virgins are wrecking the place .
tr	NNS	The dark and dank trappings of the building reminded him of a medieval castle .
tr	NN	The teacher gave us a book to read today and threatened us with another quiz at the end of class .
tr	NNS	The leathers are in the cupboard over there .
tr	NN	... He 'll have to throw it in , " the captain was saying .
tr	NN	The guilt was enormous and weighing her down .
tr	NN	Unless there 's a new chef in the kitchen , perhaps ? "
tr	NNS	A dozen cameras zoomed in on them from afar , though Angelina and Sam had no idea millions over the world were watching them .
tr	NNS	The Virgin Soldiers in black cloaks nodded .
tr	NNS	My instincts have been telling me that something was wrong with Honour and his family , long before they died and the Officials overturned their home .
tr	NNS	The crowded hallways had nearly emptied by the time we started walking .
tr	NNS	" There 're several pairs of work gloves in the shed , but you know that . "
tr	NNS	There were only three white eggs .
tr	NNS	There were at least 50 varieties of mangoes that were grown till only 50 years back but we have lost all such species .
tr	NN	Then general pandemonium broke out .
tr	NN	Her brief elation vanished .
tr	NNS	" If you can stop giggling , the new teachers are all eager to meet you . "
tr	NNS	Her movements yielded to its sensitivity .
tr	NN	commanded Catherine and cursed .
tr	NNS	Cassius blew a deep breath out .
tr	NN	The roar became a scream and a burst of wind whipped against her clothes and whistled through the room .
tr	NN	Couldn 't really call it a pep rally because it was just a bunch of students getting drunk in the name of football .
tr	NNS	" At the arrivals hall . "
tr	NN	My pulse is racing , my heart is thumping and my addled mind is struggling to answer my own simple question .
tr	NNS	The crew 's quarters will be fine . "
tr	NN	What the time traveler perceived as a solution might , in fact , complicate matters .
tr	NNS	There are other red flags .
tr	NNS	The mattress dipped slightly on my one side , and I turned my head to find Holt watching me .
tr	NNS	The black spots in the fire were eyes that watched her as she ran .
tr	NN	" The chasm is death , isn 't it ? "
tr	NN	His defensive subconscious had eventually caused him to drag his eyes away .
tr	NNS	The black marble floors glistened in the dim lights .
tr	NN	The lack of sound became oddly colourful , swirling in a mesmerizing mess around the three occupants of a room that had previously held laughter .
tr	NN	Love smiled again , and said , ' Do you know of Monica meeting anyone ?
tr	NN	" There 's an oak grove where half the trees have crossed over .
tr	NN	From this moment of reflection came a new determination .
tr	NNS	His pupils were almost totally dilated .
tr	NNS	Sea animals were swimming past , the colors of the reef , the animals , the plants - all of it was remarkable .
tr	NNS	There are no judgmental creatures in your drawing of the railroad bridge . "
tr	NNS	" Well perhaps my heart-felt congratulations will suffice ?
tr	NNS	Of course , there weren 't any fairies .
tr	NN	" The police must be here , " the receptionist said .
tr	NN	His declaration took the remaining air from her lungs .
tr	NNS	" Excuse me , gentlemen , " said Reggie as he walked over to see the work at the locks , his bodyguards in tow .
tr	NNS	The wolves would be uneasy outside their natural environment without me .
tr	NNS	The lands and cities of it lay before him .
tr	NNS	Two short blasts of sound rose above the clattering of the train .
tr	NNS	The sirens had disturbed half the staff and crowds of onlookers watched his arrest .
tr	NNS	yelled a dozen voices , footsteps pounding the stairs .
tr	NNS	The frames would definitely need some work but the glass was not broken .
tr	NNS	The authorities were still trying to sort out whom the attackers were and how they 'd managed to do what they 'd done .
tr	NN	A mistress of the keep who could work side by side with the other women was far preferable to a lady who could stitch a straight seam .
tr	NN	How very modern , how cutting edge . "
tr	NN	" The last page is where I placed the note . "
tr	NN	As long as all of them are buried in that tunnel , there 's no proof . "
tr	NN	The cool formality in his voice made something inside me curl up and whimper .
tr	NNS	Twin spots of color dotted her cheeks .
tr	NN	Her belly ached and her muscles trembled .
tr	NN	' Your chariot awaits .
tr	NN	Perhaps this third birth was not proving as easy as the first two had been .
tr	NNS	There were murmurs of assent .
tr	NN	The notion made me clammy with dread ; I 'd rather kill Freaks any day .
tr	NN	In a quieter section of the hall , a tailor and his assistants were measuring a rather large lawyer for an Italian suit .
tr	NN	The kitten moved a few tentative paces forwards , the draw of the food overcoming his fear .
tr	NN	" Mais oui , " the priest said , nodding .
tr	NN	" Very well " , said the teacher .
tr	NNS	Things could never change between them ; they were from completely different worlds .
tr	NN	From behind Marcus a poster of B.B. King , lost in his personal world of blues , ignored them both .
tr	NN	This splendid specimen was probably gentle , suitable as a boudoir pet : what may not a lizard be , if you know nothing to the contrary ?
tr	NNS	Their expressions were neutral , giving nothing away .
tr	NNS	And what were her instincts telling her now ?
tr	NN	Patch 's feather could be anywhere .
tr	NNS	Things would be simpler if he was one or the other , but I couldn 't pigeonhole him .
tr	NN	The government and army in Turkey have never got on well , probably because the army keeps overthrowing the government whenever they interfere in army politics .
tr	NN	The lone condition was that we complied with his request for assistance .
tr	NN	This time Patience wasn 't waiting outside .
tr	NN	the male tender appeared beside his companion almost instantly and was very agitated .
tr	NNS	The melting had stopped , the bars split , the top halves frozen with drips of steel on their tips , the lower halves bent inward .
tr	NNS	" Those nasty rats and roaches won 't get in here . "
tr	NN	There was no accounting for the way her anger consistently caused the corner of my mouth to twitch , but I bit down against it .
tr	NNS	There were six presses , three on each side of the room .
tr	NNS	Both mothers gushed over my makeup , and complimented Leah on her fine job .
tr	NN	Her elegant script flowed on the page .
tr	NN	A final click signaled the line was disconnected .
tr	NNS	The horns were still blowing .
tr	NNS	The short spikes abraded deliciously , causing her to shiver .
tr	NN	The model laughed , glancing at Jack , " Your nun cursed ! "
tr	NNS	Lots of things have happened in this room ... I look up at him and I wonder if he 's thinking about it too .
tr	NNS	The twins had traded outfits as part of an elaborate plan to elude the reporters and get Juliette to the airport unnoticed .
tr	NNS	" My sources down at the department have confirmed he was arrested on multiple counts of drug possession , money laundering , fraud and identity theft .
tr	NNS	Good chili , from the way it smelled .
tr	NNS	The thuds crash so hard I clutch my chest .
tr	NN	The receptionist sounded bored , and this suited Kyle just fine .
tr	NNS	The experiments wouldn 't stop , unless they stopped them .
tr	NN	The compartment also held an ornate knife in a leather scabbard .
tr	NN	The redhead was backing out of the room .
tr	NNS	Previous efforts had been fortunate to get even the same year .
tr	NN	" I have always been your friend , Ashe , and always will be , " the adult Ren smiled , flashing brilliant white teeth at Ashe .
tr	NN	The television crashed to the floor in a shower of sparks .
tr	NN	But all around , there was innocence .
tr	NNS	" But these videos also have a good aspect . "
tr	NNS	Daniel sat propped up in the bed , pillows and blankets tucked tightly around him .
tr	NNS	Makes everything from scratch every morning .
tr	NNS	My eyelids popped open .
tr	NN	Her uncle , of course , " he said without missing a beat .
tr	NN	" There 's an ancient teen ritual called , munching , movies , and making out . "
tr	NN	There were some wonderful smells coming from it .
tr	NNS	" Where are our drinks ? "
tr	NNS	The crevices between were like deep caves leading into the tree .
tr	NNS	A few strands brushed Winston 's face .
tr	NNS	" Her ghosts do that for her .
tr	NN	The psychiatrist listens attentively but his answer is brief .
tr	NN	The devilish grin he shot her sent a wave of desire through her .
tr	NNS	Your girlfriends are going to have a hell of a party tonight . "
tr	NNS	Reciting his mantras every morning , strings of numbers he 'd memorized to help clear his head .
tr	NN	I was looking at the little blue lights , the whirlwind of static and emotion surrounding him .
tr	NN	Rich red blood pumping in the hearts of patients and doctors alike , plasma stored in neat plastic bags .
tr	NNS	" There 's plenty seats . "
tr	NNS	Aris spoke in Greek , too , making Selene 's eyes jerk up to him .
tr	NNS	There are a few items I have to show you . "
tr	NNS	The ancestors had vanished .
tr	NN	When Nan winds to a close , the applause is thunderous .
tr	NN	There is a mass of brambles on the right , and I shy away to the left , giving a tug to have Blaze follow me .
tr	NN	Sid stood on his toes to limit the height difference , the extra inch made him all the more intimidating .
tr	NN	The closer they were to the door , the clearer the poster on the door became to Luna .
tr	NN	A malfunction of part of that system in the western hemisphere had caused several massive , perpetuated explosions .
tr	NN	A spark jumped from her upturned metal wrench to the frame of the aeroplane .
tr	NN	The teacher took attendance at the beginning of the hour .
tr	NNS	In addition to occasional hunting , our supplies from Gaspard were holding out fine , and we had to support ourselves in the wilderness .
tr	NN	The snake offered no response .
tr	NNS	The other covens can attack all they want ... It won 't really matter .
tr	NN	That twinkle in his eye is his only tell .
tr	NN	Again , no offense but I want to get to Reed tonight . "
tr	NN	His harsh treatment of her since her brother 's death had made Eleanor frightened of him .
tr	NNS	Her nostrils flared , taking in his scent .
tr	NNS	Her long locks , reaching her waist , made it hard for Ivan to grab the strings .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of revenge slip away .
tr	NNS	Some pools coughed up an occasional slow bubble ; others simmered vigorously .
tr	NNS	The authorities are looking for some sort of a connection between the killings , including Harry and Peter and the affair at Clive Barracks .
tr	NN	" So , Coop ... " I lean over and begin a conversation about Ephemeral football that spans an hour .
tr	NN	A pattern of small stones on the floor suggested a game had been in progress .
tr	NN	" A bike ride ? "
tr	NN	A big troll did it and ran away .
tr	NN	" A werewolf , " Starla said .
tr	NNS	High-speed winds went through them , leaving them cold and helpless .
tr	NN	Part of me wanted to grab hold of the steering wheel and pull the car over myself .
tr	NNS	" What are these temples she spoke of ? "
tr	NNS	The spikes were mostly rounded and probably wouldn 't do much damage unless some fell from a great height .
tr	NNS	Images of Cassie bleeding , of Cassie dying filled his head as his lips skimmed back to reveal his throbbing fangs .
tr	NN	A livid scar snaked across his ribs on the right side .
tr	NNS	His movements were slow and steady , and that alone was proof of the pain he must be in .
tr	NN	My email suddenly blinked and I realized I had several unread emails .
tr	NNS	His eyes were wide , pupils dilated .
tr	NNS	New recruits may not be loyal to him because he invaded a free and sovereign nation .
tr	NNS	Animals don 't get caught up in the emotional rollercoaster people do .
tr	NNS	Sheer cliffs emerge from the ocean .
tr	NN	The damned angel laughed .
tr	NN	Still , a perfect gentleman , Ty acted no differently toward her as he kissed her cheek then spoke to the bartender in Cajun .
tr	NN	The trio appeared nearly instantly on the bridge of Jake 's ship , and the nearly exhausted Angela looked at Will .
tr	NNS	Achilles rose from his chair and stretched .
tr	NNS	Lots of rich kids -- spoiled rich kids -- and Lexi didn 't fit in . "
tr	NN	Every option that has run through my mind has been as unconvincing as the next .
tr	NNS	Oliver set his cards down on the table and stood , his movements casual .
tr	NN	" What precisely is an anomaly ? "
tr	NNS	Questions swirl in my mind , about Sean and his family .
tr	NNS	There were also three cases of Omaha steaks wrapped in bacon -- enough for lunch for the whole crowd with 48 steaks to a case .
tr	NNS	Two guardians were flying back with us , but otherwise , we had the jet to ourselves .
tr	NN	There 's a contraption with a plank of wood covered by a cushion .
tr	NNS	Suppressed fears of marriage erupted in a nauseous wave of anxiety in her stomach .
tr	NNS	Looks like he doesn 't just have the Midas touch when it comes to money .
tr	NN	Gottfried nodded stiffly and both men entered the building .
tr	NN	A giggle escaped out of me and I pulled her toward me for a tight hug , silently thanking her .
tr	NN	She could do with some reinforcement in case her daughter-in-law hadn 't noticed .
tr	NN	The boom lifted everything into the air by a few centimetres for a moment and Clive swore in technicolor among the crashing of pot and pans .
tr	NN	The notion made him curious about the world he 'd been transported into .
tr	NN	" Please don , t go thinking that . "
tr	NNS	Reyes stared at her hard , searching her eyes for the truth as well as the chains .
tr	NNS	There are too many external factors that can 't be controlled . "
tr	NNS	Questions like Where did I leave my wallet ?
tr	NN	" The deputy was right .
tr	NNS	His trousers were shredded , but his boots were intact .
tr	NN	The citadel seemed deserted .
tr	NN	Green gas slowly vented into the chamber where Azriel lay dormant .
tr	NN	Her slippers slide across the worn wood plank floor as she shuffles back to take her seat .
tr	NN	The sergeant said , " We saved this group of children for now .
tr	NN	" Part of the pleasure of food is sharing it . "
tr	NN	If all went according to schedule , the sub would arrive at its duty station in the Bering Sea in the next forty-eight hours .
tr	NN	Her hair slid over his heavy fullness , a silken tangle that nearly drove him out of his mind .
tr	NNS	Others ignore me , perhaps wondering why I 'm here and if I have anything contagious .
tr	NNS	As I spoke , images of each of them filled the mirrors around me .
tr	NN	The ravine was narrow with sheer sides , and it was filled with dense shadows .
tr	NNS	There 's a tiny boutique downstairs , chock full of incredible items .
tr	NN	The clearing was ... pulsing .
tr	NN	A trickle of sweat and apprehension slid down her back .
tr	NN	The sheriff asked the supervisor of the range to give Mandy the standard test for carrying a gun .
tr	NN	The whole settlement had crammed into the hall to hear their story .
tr	NNS	" Shit , " Emerson fumes , buckling in his staggering erection and covering his lap with a throw pillow .
tr	NNS	The villagers seemed to be shuffling around in a collective melancholy as they tried to recover for the harrowing events of the night before .
tr	NNS	Looks like I 'm okay .
tr	NNS	These cookies are so good .
tr	NNS	There were two figures lying on the pavement .
tr	NNS	As his body worked hers , magnificent taut cords of muscle stood in relief .
tr	NNS	Lights were coming out of my eyes and I was ... flying , wait more like levitating .
tr	NNS	So the nurses came , and he and Val had to wait outside while they were cleaning him up .
tr	NNS	" Seven strands , see ?
tr	NNS	The dark tree descended , coils covered in hair , descending .
tr	NNS	Icy chills shot through my veins from head to toe .
tr	NNS	Its jaws gaped wide , then it chomped down on Echo 's head .
tr	NN	The mayor unlatched the lock on the cage , and opened it slowly .
tr	NNS	Her contacts in Mexico and South America had guaranteed a handsome profit with almost no overhead .
tr	NN	All the Scout infantry will cover you with bow and arrow .
tr	NN	Still , the uncertainty was nerve-wracking , and I was in a bit of a downer mood when I arrived home after work .
tr	NN	Love raised an eyebrow .
tr	NN	No , his aura pulsed with sexual energy and a physical awareness to which no female was immune .
tr	NN	" My granddaughter is very smart , very wonderful , and very beautiful , but I 'm sure you already realize it . "
tr	NN	The blast shield slipped , and he threw a telekinetic bolt at it .
tr	NN	But the minute I had climbed out of the water , my migraine disappeared just as suddenly as it had arrived .
tr	NNS	" Usually teachers leave subs a lesson plan , telling them what to do .
tr	NN	To the left of where they stood , a red termite heap reached up like a finger to touch the sky .
tr	NNS	The accommodations consisted of a bed with a straw stuffed mattress and ... that was all .
tr	NN	The valet led her through a little antechamber and nodded at the door .
tr	NN	Maybe the chicken plant was in worse trouble than Rachel had made it sound .
tr	NN	" The iPod didn 't manage to pull your ears off ? "
tr	NNS	Only members of the pride or clan see them , no one else . "
tr	NN	" l know one thing I 'm always hungry for . "
tr	NNS	The old fears gnawed at him , but something else , something new pushed at him harder .
tr	NNS	Maris and him mock fighting for his niece , eliciting one of her rare , shy smiles .
tr	NN	The bard leaned wearily against a tree .
tr	NN	Again , another language I don ´ t understand .
tr	NN	' A prison escapee ? '
tr	NN	The crash came a second before I made it to where they had fallen over the side .
tr	NN	Memory of the necklace flooded her mind .
tr	NN	A little trick he 'd learned from one of his favorite movies a long time ago .
tr	NN	" Morning is coming . "
tr	NNS	Through its lime-green skin , white organs and blue eggs were visible .
tr	NN	The stag to run .
tr	NNS	Alexis asks as she points to the glowing sky at the end of the staircase to the greenhouse .
tr	NNS	Living planets became hard to come by -- and often abandoned when found .
tr	NNS	With each step , her cheap plastic sandals squished noisily across the tiles .
tr	NN	" Their reasoning behind it is that we 've been doing it for years without getting caught . "
tr	NN	The marble flaked and chipped , falling away to reveal a beautiful woman -- fierce and more magnificent than anything the people of Thais had ever seen .
tr	NN	The Russian gentleman had agreed to the price and said he 'd send the bowl by courier .
tr	NN	The radiance brightened until it appeared to be breaking through his skin .
tr	NNS	The pills keep away the memories and feelings of what happened last night , along with many other nights in my past .
tr	NN	His next thrust came even harder and deeper than before pushing her entire body a few centimeters closer to the headboard .
tr	NNS	There were no other passageways to be seen .
tr	NN	The protein shake I 'd drunk after school was threatening to repeat on me , but I forged ahead .
tr	NNS	The chances of me coming out of this room alive are slim to none . "
tr	NNS	Looks to be in his late thirties .
tr	NNS	Since 1948 , the production facilities had leaked five times more radiation than Chernobyl and all of the world 's atmospheric nuclear tests combined .
tr	NNS	Others are alone , leaning against walls or sitting in corners , their eyes hollow or staring at something that is far away .
tr	NN	The puff of air lifted her bangs for a moment .
tr	NN	His injury pinched his side when he lifted her .
tr	NNS	" With the kind of third-rate wine these little mountain villages have ?
tr	NN	His partner knelt down by Jason .
tr	NNS	Three crystal chandeliers dangled overhead , offering no light at the moment .
tr	NNS	But the four races were strong ; survivors who had defied the odds and withstood the onslaught of the Dark Army .
tr	NN	A black cotton sweater in the window of a men 's store caught his attention .
tr	NNS	All the signs that he was more than just an assistant had been there , but I had just been too enamored to see them .
tr	NNS	" Generally , the Earth authorities don 't like to send physicists to the Moon on a permanent basis . "
tr	NNS	The leaders of these African Nations came into the room for a meeting they requested and acted like they were doing us a favor by the meet .
tr	NNS	And speaking of , payments typically begin two weeks after take the oath is taken . "
tr	NN	His chin dimple was pulsing every time he gritted his teeth .
tr	NN	" Just a short one then , " the duke answered gruffly .
tr	NNS	Large paintings of amazing landscapes hung on most walls .
tr	NNS	" Different blood types , different diets . "
tr	NNS	Would you ladies tell everyone else ?
tr	NN	" This bitch put us in that hell hole , and one way or another she is going to tell us why ! "
tr	NN	" A van just pulled up . "
tr	NNS	Red petals made a trail from the door to where he stood , piling up at his feet .
tr	NNS	Both boards need to be supported .
tr	NNS	Things will happen that you may not like , but all things work to the good . "
tr	NNS	Others leaned on walls , wearing dour , worried expressions .
tr	NN	Her normally cocky persona faltered a bit as she took them in .
tr	NNS	So what are these special skills of yours ?
tr	NN	The redhead had left the company of her friends and introduced herself as Grace .
tr	NN	The transition was immediate .
tr	NN	A light outline of sweat had formed under his armpits .
tr	NNS	A few innocent kisses shared with Thom Nichols hardly constituted a sexual relationship .
tr	NNS	The hats were beautiful y arranged , displayed not on stands but dangling at the ends of gold chains attached to the arched ceiling far above .
tr	NNS	Reyes realized she was distressed .
tr	NNS	Looks like you and the boy will have neighbors . "
tr	NNS	Things were starting to look better now .
tr	NNS	" The chances of them noticing are slim .
tr	NN	" Love doesn 't matter here . "
tr	NN	There was no other option .
tr	NN	Why would his subconscious impose such a penalty ?
tr	NN	In business , reputation was everything .
tr	NN	The dread on his face broadcast far greater concerns than a simple fall in the snow .
tr	NN	" Ok go on in . "
tr	NNS	Marius held a chunk of bread in one hand and chewed loudly .
tr	NN	There isn 't one disappointing inch on Trick 's entire body !
tr	NN	The command came with authority , but the pleasure of her touch was too intense .
tr	NNS	Why in Space would the Settler governments do such a thing ? "
tr	NN	' My mate and I 'll be busy feeding the babies for a while . '
tr	NN	I don , t belong here doing this .
tr	NNS	Looks would matter , if only in a small way .
tr	NN	An itch is forming in her brain and the light outside is dimming .
tr	NN	" Good job , " his seat mate whispered after handing off the flawless quiz to Azriel .
tr	NN	Hopefully , the tube would protect the flower so we could get it back to the academy in one piece .
tr	NNS	The skyscrapers , no longer off on the horizon as they drove toward them , were growing quickly .
tr	NN	Their sacrifice wouldn 't be in vain .
tr	NNS	" The images are public , but we have no obligation to tell them our analysis .
tr	NNS	The Others thought this was a fair exchange and walked off the boundaries of the land that the humans could use .
tr	NN	The subconscious was a powerful thing , and this had been an extremely traumatic event for her .
tr	NN	" Sorry , " Jazz said , and slid everything back into the envelope .
tr	NNS	The effects will wear off a little by tomorrow , but I do not wish to expend energy just before confronting the beast on whispers .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of her bring me to thoughts of Nash .
tr	NNS	Great blues brunch on Sundays . "
tr	NN	There was no thrill .
tr	NN	That guilt will never go away .
tr	NNS	What are the chances that you just happened to be watching when one of them did it ? "
tr	NNS	The boards had gone gray ; the windows were broken ; the porch listed to one side .
tr	NNS	" What are our chances ? "
tr	NN	But the hunter didn 't panic .
tr	NN	Somewhere inside of her , an instinct is pushing her from her bed for some critical purpose .
tr	NNS	Looks like you have been getting yourself into some mischief .
tr	NNS	Her French was so bad she was lucky to order breakfast successfully .
tr	NNS	Muscles rippled beneath his Air Force T-shirt .
tr	NNS	" The New York detectives are going to be taking over . "
tr	NN	Even under the open sky their best escape route was up the hill .
tr	NNS	My pillows and wash bags came out lumpy and crooked without fail .
tr	NNS	The creatures , gods if they were , looked strange .
tr	NN	Their stupid innocence will mask their mission , to be as a thorn in the rebels ' flesh .
tr	NNS	The other two ladies simply smoked , and Jerry gave it up .
tr	NN	And that little bastard had it coming . "
tr	NN	' The exercise will do him good !
tr	NNS	The final shots of the Keep would have to wait until they left .
tr	NNS	Things between them had been a bit rocky , as she seemed to be spending more and more time with Rob Carpenter , her other boyfriend .
tr	NN	My own doll lay buried but not quite forgotten in the trunk I still kept beneath the skirts of my bed .
tr	NNS	Drugs made people do things they otherwise never would .
tr	NN	The notion of cutting him out her life seemed unthinkable .
tr	NNS	My aunts were career women and suddenly they had an eight year old to take care of .
tr	NN	His first inclination was to place it on another vehicle and be out of here as fast as he could .
tr	NNS	Sadness flooded her admission .
tr	NN	A bump in the road woke her .
tr	NNS	They were led to sit at the VIP area , which is also under a canvas tent , the seats were plastic covered with linen .
tr	NN	The spark created by that first kiss had changed everything .
tr	NNS	Those roads seem lightly used and are in disrepair .
tr	NNS	Their smirks disappeared , replaced by concern at the bubbling beauty .
tr	NNS	" Things -- people -- have a way of getting hurt if they don 't do what they 're told . "
tr	NN	Other townsfolk were there already , filling the small plaza almost completely .
tr	NNS	There were no apparent trails leading out of the clearing , but the undergrowth was not heavy , so he chose a direction and set off .
tr	NN	Where was that page ? "
tr	NNS	There were no ragged edges or torn skin .
tr	NN	Their stomping and grunting preceded them from the hall like a mighty earthquake , causing the walls around her to shake .
tr	NNS	His punches were crushing the thugs ribs with every impact .
tr	NN	A small gleam catches his eye as a mischievous grin escapes me .
tr	NN	Kevin 's aura pulsed a deep blue .
tr	NN	The agent in the elevator says , " I told you .
tr	NNS	Based on this woman 's reaction to him , his chances with her weren 't much better .
tr	NN	Alexander looked down at the woman in front of him , the stern look back on his face .
tr	NNS	When day came at last the hobbits were surprised to see how much closer the ominous mountains had already drawn .
tr	NN	But the crash really shook me up .
tr	NNS	Screams echoed out in the hallway .
tr	NNS	There are no cameras on that part of the High Street so we can 't get a look at who left the note .
tr	NNS	His companions stared at Garn in awe , never having doubted his abilities before and vowing never to even consider it again .
tr	NNS	The spirit shimmers then falls in shattered slivers to the ground in front of Roland .
tr	NNS	" What did those idiots think was going to happen to the stump when they hit it with dad 's car ? "
tr	NN	" A vice ... you have one . "
tr	NNS	" The place my father used to stable his horses , the one I was telling you about before , has a couple open stalls .
tr	NNS	" There are five factions of earthbound angels . "
tr	NNS	Unwelcome images came into his mind , including a disturbing one involving his own wallet .
tr	NNS	" Her Highness has been very concerned about my well-being .
tr	NNS	Girls are usually happy when they are getting engaged , aren 't they ? "
tr	NN	The studio started filling up with technicians wearing headphones and calling back and forth to each other as they began to tinker with lights and microphones .
tr	NNS	Screams filled the air , and I turned to find the source .
tr	NNS	Things could go back to normal .
tr	NN	His libido shouted in hoarse frustration at the delay , but if that was what she wanted , patience and foreplay would eventually pay off .
tr	NN	An agent against evil for years , and a few days with her had ended his life .
tr	NN	" I just want some answers from him , that 's all , " the sergeant said .
tr	NNS	The sexy images , as well as playing with magic left her shaken and her knees way too weak to go for a stroll .
tr	NNS	The other three jewels are yet to be discovered .
tr	NN	Nausea and dizziness threatened to toss him to the grounds .
tr	NNS	Two sentences into the article I knew this was the one .
tr	NNS	As we approached , the gathered figures began to shift and murmur to each other in tongues I did not know .
tr	NNS	The two suited figures were once more the subject of his attentions .
tr	NNS	The sprites were cute , but they had a mean bite .
tr	NNS	More sobs came - her own , she realized - erupting in deafening sound all around her .
tr	NN	" Very good , sir , " the corporal replied timidly .
tr	NNS	How many assailants were there ?
tr	NN	Jazz played quietly on the radio .
tr	NNS	Linen napkins , beautiful china , and crystal goblets were waiting for them to enjoy .
tr	NN	Knowing who had sired him and the potential strength of any offspring he might produce ... .
tr	NN	Storm studied her quietly , just long enough to let her know he 'd heard the snippy sound in her reply .
tr	NNS	" Well , the two detectives working the case seem to agree with me . "
tr	NN	But in order to paralyze the vampire , the bullet had to go straight into the heart .
tr	NN	Your incompetence allowed this mess .
tr	NN	Part of him wanted to watch , but instead he kept his head down and his ears covered .
tr	NNS	Others sprang up among the rocks .
tr	NNS	He wanted her too much , his passions were too overwhelming .
tr	NN	" The Chinese sub moved in . "
tr	NN	When I chuckled , the hunger faded away , only to be replaced my calculation .
tr	NN	" Reality is not only what our hand can touch .
tr	NNS	Her sobs subsided slowly to sniffles .
tr	NNS	The seas will run dry .
tr	NNS	His buddies all slid knowing looks at him , and one even asked , " How 's Mindy gon na feel about that ? "
tr	NN	The hook is definitely in . '
tr	NN	" I will approach her about it , " the captain promised .
tr	NNS	I 'm sure that must be the fashion in the United States , their styles are very different to us . "
tr	NNS	" Maybe two murders , if I 'm right about Valerie Shipley . "
tr	NN	The heartbreak of his abandonment , the injustice of the sea swept down upon him , bore heavily upon his perseverance .
tr	NN	Still , the pilot knew they had no other choice .
tr	NN	The student of philosophy must wade through so much history of unsound thought .
tr	NN	The challenge arced between them in currents of elation and stimulation .
tr	NN	The children 's services division hadn 't been any help so far , and she was desperate to at least visit with Justin .
tr	NNS	California types certainly had a wacky idea of rain .
tr	NN	Entering inside he immediately found himself in the foyer , which then led into a comfortable lounge .
tr	NNS	Reyes rolled his eyes .
tr	NNS	Republican leaders in Washington have been calling on the president to address the situation , but so far the White House is mum .
tr	NN	" Yeah , " Chance muttered .
tr	NN	The lively parade starts with Rex sitting inside a golden float in the middle on a golden throne chair .
tr	NNS	" My directors are meeting in New York .
tr	NNS	The plants are more vibrant , blooms in rainbow hues sprouting from the canopy .
tr	NNS	Reyes had trouble sleeping that night .
tr	NN	The vortex of petals reached all the way to the ceiling .
tr	NNS	In the midst of the terminal noise Buck 's old instincts kicked in and his ears locked on to a tell .
tr	NNS	Other cards looked like they had been typed by a typewriter .
tr	NN	A clearing gave a glimpse of a structure that was close to shambles .
tr	NN	And his career mandated proximity to females .
tr	NN	A generous donor ( who had no doubt lived a life that imperiled his immortal soul ) had granted them more than one hundred waterfront acres .
tr	NNS	Directory searches had proven fruitless , as he hadn 't a clue what he was looking for .
tr	NNS	Others , too few others , avoided my gaze as if embarrassed or ashamed .
tr	NNS	Then the footsteps went back into the distance .
tr	NN	His unit was in place , everyone knew their assignments and now they just needed to pass the time .
tr	NN	Though Tiamat receded steadily behind us , the rim and its dune fields were always a little farther ahead .
tr	NN	If that sort of power fell into the wrong hands , the damage would be catastrophic .
tr	NN	What was your damage ? "
tr	NNS	The three servants stood at attention before Pierce as he sat down at the large table , his fingers drumming his cane rhythmically .
tr	NNS	Others appeared , staring menacingly , slowly walking like zombies towards the cave .
tr	NNS	The gates protrude from the wall the way a wolf 's mouth protrudes from his massive head .
tr	NN	In the distance , a siren started to wail .
tr	NN	" For the chairman 's wife .
tr	NN	But for everyone else in the waiting area , all the exhausted family members of mysteriously ill patients , the quake seemed to be the last straw .
tr	NN	the mayor replied , leading him off to the side a bit .
tr	NNS	Their shouts fade beneath the pounding of my own heart in my ears as I vault over the door , immediately drawing the MPs ' fire .
tr	NN	The distinction between the two types of residents was clear , even from a fleeting view of the compound .
tr	NN	The tip of a black tattoo covering his shoulder becomes visible .
tr	NN	Whether it be a man 's necktie , a woman 's purse , a landmark ... almost anything was game to Alfonso .
tr	NN	" I guess I don 't have to remind you that someone will have to take the fall for this , " the attorney added .
tr	NNS	Near as I could tell , there were no chains at all in Kilmer .
tr	NNS	The wolves offered silent company .
tr	NNS	The two planes flew over to the west of us , and away , but as they did several large barrels dropped into the water .
tr	NNS	There are Soviet documents I have seen where the KGB conducted interrogations .
tr	NN	His slow perusal caused my toes to curl .
tr	NN	His seed was inside her at her most fertile time .
tr	NNS	The members of The Courant would not bring my father a child .
tr	NNS	" But gorillas , " Elliot said , " are shy animals that sleep at night and avoid contact with men . "
tr	NNS	When he drew back to my ear , the gentle kisses were a distant memory .
tr	NNS	The wicked winds eased up , a clear sign that the storm was passing .
tr	NN	There was a rustle of movement in the background , the sound of boots traipsing carefully over dried leaves .
tr	NNS	Images shifted in the shadowy haze between day and night .
tr	NNS	" Oh well , we 'll get one in Media , " his companions said blithely , " Don 't you worry about that .
tr	NNS	Instead the more I focused the clearer the images became .
tr	NNS	The boards of the floor began to warp and twist , bending like they were made of rubber .
tr	NN	Part of her wished that he 'd let her handle such negotiations .
tr	NNS	Light bulbs went on over her head like strings of Christmas lights .
tr	NN	His torso was stippled with other , older wounds , shiny with scar tissue .
tr	NN	All this stalling was buying her nothing , and in all her time here , she was no closer to freeing her friends .
tr	NNS	The races would all be against each other , killing and maiming each other .
tr	NN	" Well , you know , my persona was .
tr	NNS	After all , their effects tend to take time . "
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared , the faintest lines of red forming in his eyes .
tr	NNS	You 'll have to put in an application , take some computer tests , supply references -- the whole shebang .
tr	NN	Like trying to help a lost wraith find his way .
tr	NNS	All high rollers believe they deserve a luxury suite , but space was limited .
tr	NN	There was no other explanation .
tr	NNS	" The warriors live by a code of conduct .
tr	NN	With narrowed eyes and a wrinkly grin , the sage turned to the young lady .
tr	NNS	" What about the other wolves that Max smelled ?
tr	NN	" The martini was the last piece that threw me over the puzzle . "
tr	NNS	Screams came from outside .
tr	NN	And once it 's reached , the achievement will often seem hollow .
tr	NNS	Barnabas has never given a gift to anyone , especially his slaves .
tr	NN	There 's no more bravado in his voice .
tr	NNS	" The nurses explained all this . "
tr	NN	A crown of red and gold feathers flared out from his brow , making him look fierce as a hawk .
tr	NNS	Things happened , like they always do .
tr	NN	The hot dwarf struck a swarthy pose and winked at the camera .
tr	NNS	There were two races at work .
tr	NNS	Her footsteps would ring out on the cold slick pavement .
tr	NNS	The roads are pretty much clear . "
tr	NNS	As the men counted their coin , The Perfect Folly members entered the shelter .
tr	NN	A stack of light , fluffy , buttermilk pancakes drenched in melting , real butter and warmed syrup .
tr	NNS	The mattress was probably from the 1800s .
tr	NN	Her mom 's shampoo smelled even worse than Heather 's .
tr	NN	CHAPTER 4 How quickly the angel became the devil .
tr	NNS	Myles figured that was as good a guess as any .
tr	NNS	The bites I 'd gotten were burning almost as badly as the burns from the sun .
tr	NNS	" So there are no letters , enrollment documents , or other historical records from his visit ?
tr	NN	Every single thrust sent energy soaring over my nerve endings , prickling over my scalp and making my bones tremble .
tr	NNS	The goblins are coming back , probably with reinforcements . "
tr	NN	The wounded dragon slipped free from his blade as the two fell together back towards the earth .
tr	NN	A fan kicked up a breeze , and while there were AC vents in the bungalow , apparently the Rochas preferred the morning breeze .
tr	NNS	Goss glanced over his shoulder and , even in the dark , could tell that Teague 's face was mostly obscured by blood .
tr	NNS	His pupils narrowed and grew cold .
tr	NN	A faint carnal blush came over her ; in a warm flash the normal expressive lines of her face returned .
tr	NNS	The dock rats all paused in their tasks for a moment , staring at Varg .
tr	NN	His accent was softer than the local one , from much farther east , though still south of the Mason-Dixon .
tr	NNS	Hands tied behind their backs .
tr	NN	A troll got into his place in Treacle Street and beat him to death .
tr	NNS	" The only clients I ever get are people who just lost their job and don 't have the money to pay me . "
tr	NNS	The boards were still up on the Golem Trust , but had attracted another layer of graffiti .
tr	NNS	Just beyond , the black depths of the endless water sloshed rhythmically up and down the shore .
tr	NNS	The other candidates look on in amazement .
tr	NN	Every instinct in her body told her to follow him , but she didn 't listen .
tr	NNS	Looks like there are hundreds of people here already .
tr	NN	The commander of the army from the East signed the scroll of those of the Forest and initialed the other two scrolls .
tr	NN	" Coconut cream like usual ? "
tr	NN	" Every colony had an economic model .
tr	NNS	Beside him , the strings hummed gently in harmony .
tr	NN	" It is a call from the north , a beckoning homeward .
tr	NN	His chuckle slid over my skin .
tr	NN	" I 'm , um , sorry , " the dark-haired fellow began .
tr	NN	My own agitation and anguish was extreme during the whole trial .
tr	NN	" The dawn is approaching , Gabriel , you must rest . "
tr	NN	She had her hands around her box , the queen 's plump face serene now that she 's regained the evidence of her secret love .
tr	NN	" So the priest asked for the Maharaja and his wife to sit within a circle of Sage .
tr	NN	The newest addition to the newsroom placed the receiver down and smiled .
tr	NNS	" There are many different types of Autism .
tr	NN	The wailing was still just as clear .
tr	NN	The tapping slowed and then stopped altogether .
tr	NN	The chase was on .
tr	NN	the camp leader asked .
tr	NN	But then a bookcase on one wall held not only older books but also more modern books with colorful spines .
tr	NNS	Three rats emerged from the shadows , blocking his way .
tr	NNS	A sudden delicious tightness gripped her body , then quickly shattered to send her spinning out of control .
tr	NNS	A few taps on the interface and then I spat a curse .
tr	NNS	Lights flashed around her and her body felt light as a leaf blowing mercifully at the wind .
tr	NNS	His wolves didn 't so much have his back as were waiting to take him out the first chance they could .
tr	NN	" Did your modeling lead you to fashion ? "
tr	NN	" The captain that led us was a cruel man .
tr	NNS	" Why don 't you ladies wait inside for a few minutes while I run to grab the car . "
tr	NN	The added sway of the neck made it all the more plausible .
tr	NNS	The bars and scrollwork in it provided lots of hand - and footholds , and I had no difficulty clinging to the outside .
tr	NNS	Even though it wasn 't exactly a fresh scent , the hackles still rose on the back of his neck , the hairs on his arms bristling .
tr	NNS	With each step up the winding stairs , the whispers faded away .
tr	NNS	Romulus bit his lip .
tr	NN	" But why don 't all the Jews go back to Israel ? "
tr	NN	The momentum whipped him around , dragging Kane along , too , before jerking them both to a sudden stop .
tr	NN	Your observation is commendable ; you didn 't notice things like that before .
tr	NN	Love was a human fairy tale .
tr	NNS	The bulbous tops of the tentacles reared back , revealing coiling snake heads that struck with brutal speed .
tr	NN	A deep , masculine chuckle that did not belong to Riley echoed menacingly through the house .
tr	NN	Or the cow , to eat .
tr	NNS	The two facts did not work well together .
tr	NN	" Ok , wait a second . "
tr	NNS	These creatures were ugly in their true forms .
tr	NNS	Folks pay good coins for seating .
tr	NN	The caller was almost incoherent .
tr	NN	And to some extent her success so far has depended on your sensitivity to seeing her ethereal presence . "
tr	NNS	Like monster rats and science labs in the Undercity . "
tr	NNS	How had the twins made so many new friends so quickly ?
tr	NN	Maybe after admittance a race is untouchable . "
tr	NNS	Flames kept crackling , and Jasper didn 't even know where the fire department was , but he sure hoped Wyatt was calling for help .
tr	NNS	What are the chances he 's changed that much ? "
tr	NN	Why then did a single lapse against his chest plummet her into a world of sensation that a bolt of silk couldn 't hope to rival ?
tr	NNS	New spots formed before my eyes , these white and dizzying .
tr	NN	A sharp rap on the truck 's window made me yelp in terror but it was just Jacob , back already .
tr	NN	There was a sparkle of excitement in her eyes .
tr	NNS	Flames erupted around me and consumed the beast .
tr	NN	The ice cream will melt . "
tr	NN	There was the leader again , with his hump or pillar on his back .
tr	NN	You would think with such broad criteria the shopping would be simple , but oh no .
tr	NNS	" Things could be so much worse .
tr	NN	The fellow would pay for that careless touch .
tr	NN	" Yes , your lounge , your private greenhouse , your garden , your research lab and your VR room , " the building clarified .
tr	NN	So then there was fresh guilt to season the pain .
tr	NN	The effective workout session only paused his carefree mentality but he embraced the short mental break from the veracity of the real world .
tr	NN	His accent is so odd , some vowels too clipped and others too long , that it takes me a moment to decipher his words .
tr	NN	" There 's a reef !
tr	NN	The head injury was the most disabling , preventing him from even getting out of bed for weeks at a time .
tr	NN	The villain had become the victim .
tr	NNS	Others do not , but more and more , we all fear the night .
tr	NN	The map shows their lengths and pathways to them .
tr	NN	Your wisdom should spill further into thy ears . "
tr	NNS	And , that 's why ; all good media must have two prerequisites ; purity and purpose .
tr	NNS	' Little bits at a time , sweetheart , ' she said , bending down to show him .
tr	NNS	Your young duchess is safe .
tr	NNS	Babies and young mothers sleep in open doorways and beneath damp blankets of newspaper .
tr	NNS	The hills roll all over the land and there is no flat space other than the river that gently slithers its way through the scene .
tr	NNS	" This dog isn 't mating with my - " Four werewolves closed in on him .
tr	NN	This time Clare laughed .
tr	NNS	The burger platters were on order , a pitcher of beer sweated between them , and Archer 's contact sheets were spread over the table .
tr	NN	" Ok , thank you for your honesty . "
tr	NN	William Mudd 's route analysis was paying off .
tr	NNS	The villagers tried to protect themselves .
tr	NNS	Soldiers trotted around on horses nervously , some still fastening on their breast plates .
tr	NNS	The trials were a way to make sure only experienced warriors faced such battle .
tr	NN	A natural ledge formed over the wall , protecting it from wandering eyes and harsh weather .
tr	NN	Terror overtook me and I blacked out .
tr	NNS	Inspirational posters , like the one of the guy climbing Mount Everest with the caption : Nothing is Out of Reach , decorate his walls .
tr	NNS	Finally , Violetta 's chains fall away and she springs to her feet .
tr	NN	Author 's Note : I hope you enjoyed the adventures of Josephine and her two best friends .
tr	NNS	" There are no other relatives .
tr	NN	Who 's the redhead ?
tr	NNS	More sales will require approval from my superior . "
tr	NN	" That search pattern ran into an irregularity , a threshold it couldn 't cross . "
tr	NNS	Video cameras panned across the crowd and the fighting surface in between each match .
tr	NNS	Black scales covered the entire length of his body , two black horns atop his mighty head .
tr	NNS	" Only aliens , " he said .
tr	NNS	Your buddies , on the other hand , will begin their journey to the afterlife .
tr	NNS	There were mothers crying about daughters , and daughters yelling at mothers .
tr	NN	The creep was lying through his teeth .
tr	NN	The venue was starting to fill up with families and couples in their mid-to-late teens , and the seating area was packed .
tr	NN	Just then a brown spider scurried across the counter .
tr	NNS	The screens then went dark .
tr	NN	The cowboy looked into the bunk , but not before Matthew had closed his eyes to mere slits , feigning sleep .
tr	NNS	Their deaths would have been silent .
tr	NN	... The pilot of the corporate private airliner used by Scorpion banked and leveled off to where he was parallel with the surface of the lake below .
tr	NNS	As I told you earlier , our Mexican banks pulled out at the last minute .
tr	NN	A trio of youngsters nearly barreled into me as they scrambled toward the mouth of the ravine .
tr	NN	The extra momentum causes her to lean farther away and sends her right over the edge of the cliff .
tr	NN	The chandelier over the dining room table starts to move in violent rocking heaves before it twists and spins like a top .
tr	NNS	" Only aliens , " we repeated .
tr	NNS	Things turned serious when he took her into the caves .
tr	NNS	Impossible situations required impossible solutions .
tr	NN	Some tourist had smuggled in packets ' of what he called instant coffee .
tr	NNS	Things were extremely awkward now that our friendship was so defined .
tr	NNS	Three more rifle shots rang out and another Arab fell to the ground .
tr	NN	Then there was the disgusting liquid that 'd begun to leak out .
tr	NN	The werewolf stayed put at the end of the hall , her tongue lolling out and her eyes bright .
tr	NNS	" Can 't get those in here , the rows are too tight together . "
tr	NN	" There was no damage done . "
tr	NNS	Cars filled the parking lot .
tr	NN	His cubby , though - this was opulent .
tr	NNS	Now , there are some objects on this table , and the word for them rhymes with a word in that language .
tr	NN	Since we were the visiting team , all the fanfare was on the home side of the field .
tr	NNS	Things weren 't any different now .
tr	NNS	Folks called him Mr. Wall Street , because of his dad and what he did with the stock market . "
tr	NN	It 's not like the water is going to poison us , " says another dragon .
tr	NN	The luckless captain turned to his king , seeking help there .
tr	NN	' Why the tears , O loveliness itself ? '
tr	NN	The grandmother nodded once , and he looked relieved .
tr	NNS	There were also videos that I was tagged in on YouTube listing how I was a fake girlfriend and how much they hated me .
tr	NNS	Sadness , combined with fear and worry .
tr	NNS	Hands that reached out of the shadows and took hold of her shoulders , hands that dragged her , screaming , into the darkness .
tr	NNS	Hendricks monitored the conditions as they sped along , tearing up the already crumbling road .
tr	NNS	These concepts of magic are from the same time period as the people who first created many of the scientific theories we think of today as fact .
tr	NNS	" Who are these sources ?
tr	NN	His ex-girlfriend was the woman he really wanted .
tr	NNS	Before they found Lina , the covens were divided , separated by blind hate and indifference .
tr	NNS	" Then how did these letters get here ?
tr	NN	There was an excited stir in the room .
tr	NN	At once the captain stood and clicked his fingers .
tr	NN	The bum wouldn 't stop .
tr	NN	" Well , mommy and daddy had a meeting and we decided to put it there . "
tr	NNS	His expressions of concern seemed almost too good as though they were unnatural to make .
tr	NNS	There were a half-dozen spots that would work .
tr	NN	Their goal was to save every cent they could and take it back home .
tr	NN	Watching her drink the liquid reminded me that my mouth was thick from the sandwich .
tr	NN	Surely ' t is too long for her to sleep .
tr	NNS	Bulk e-mail programs blanketed on-line news wires .
tr	NNS	My neck gears don 't turn so good these days .
tr	NNS	The Guardian coils shriveled , another hole widening in the new shield .
tr	NN	A crystal chandelier hung from the ceiling .
tr	NNS	All arrangements made as per plan .
tr	NN	After one long dream of seeing men who no longer lived , the beeping returned .
tr	NNS	The concepts were just as original as their past works and held even more potential .
tr	NNS	The documents that Troy had produced clearly revealed that the Miami addresses were fake , along with Luc 's supposed references .
tr	NNS	Even now drugs stood between him and any kind of recovery .
tr	NNS	Chapter Twenty - Maggie - Things were pretty freaking fantastic .
tr	NNS	There were old movie posters on the walls .
tr	NN	The prophecy is true . "
tr	NNS	' And there are grave fears for the safety and lives of the three journalism students who first broke the story . '
tr	NN	My uncle took care of all my expenses when I was growing up .
tr	NN	Warm liquid fell from my eyes as I became aware that I 'd done all of this .
tr	NNS	If there were such a thing as multiple personality disorder , would one alter always be in charge of telling the host what to do ?
tr	NN	Her h * ps haven 't given out , and she still likes to lie in the tall grass whenever she can .
tr	NN	" No offense , Mr. Petrova , but I can 't lose my full-time job because you want to fill your garage with expensive rides . "
tr	NNS	' There are no cameras in here ? '
tr	NN	The beak poked again , notching his cheek , drawing blood .
tr	NNS	Several mothers were crying over their dead children as the soldiers made their way to the sheikh 's house .
tr	NN	" A liar who practices occasional honesty .
tr	NNS	The other council members milled around , speaking in whispers saturated with worry , and only a few glanced our way .
tr	NNS	The aliens had thought they were getting the upper hand and were pouring out of cover just as the new force appeared behind them .
tr	NN	[ Narration pauses , time lapse of five hours and twenty-nine minutes ] Distant voices reached me before my brain came fully back online .
tr	NN	The caller was silent again , and Theresa began to grow impatient .
tr	NN	Mom final y brings the corn and bread to the table , and we dig in .
tr	NNS	The Lama 's helpers came and prepared him for his path walk .
tr	NNS	Then a few paces on she turned and led him along a different corridor than the one they had followed before .
tr	NNS	The sprites had come to believe by now that they were a forgotten people .
tr	NN	The leader licked it abused mouth , questioning its master with its eyes as its mates drew up at its flanks .
tr	NN	To Bob See , my partner in love for over 16 years and counting .
tr	NNS	The deaths of her mother and dad attested to that .
tr	NN	Another snake appeared , then three , then four .
tr	NNS	The countess had failed to metamorphose a new queen .
tr	NNS	The warriors parted as Samuel and Harrison entered , followed by even more Guardians .
tr	NNS	These lands , they aren 't good Aria . "
tr	NNS	The hounds I used to own would never shut up , and they raced after anything with a scent . "
tr	NN	Part of the reason I hadn 't told you and Dad is because I don 't have any answers for you yet . "
tr	NNS	Cadmus , in his true form , knew very well that I was perfectly equal to him in every way .
tr	NNS	The torches quivered in their brackets , the light danced on the stone and dust particles rained from the walls .
tr	NN	When you took straight from a source , when your control shattered , the lust wouldn 't just be for blood .
tr	NNS	Instead , there are only the long , broad hallways with their harsh lines and reflective surfaces .
tr	NNS	Sadness swelled within my chest .
tr	NN	In the sunlight , the iridescent sheen of his emerald feathers and the delicate scales of his feet were as vivid as love .
tr	NNS	The deaths and battles he was responsible for .
tr	NN	Her pulse broke into a wild , absurd rhythm at his voice , and despite her best efforts , a warm sense of happiness settled over her .
tr	NNS	Things went on quietly in the Vale for about fifty years .
tr	NNS	The longer he sat in the sun , the worse his chances got .
tr	NNS	The fights went quickly .
tr	NN	" Darren 's surgery is tomorrow and I want to be there .
tr	NN	The werewolf looked back at Declan smugly and then back at her .
tr	NNS	Tanks , artillery and thousands of foot soldiers are steaming into the harbour , with a bullet for every citizen .
tr	NNS	The other grapes looked the same , so I assumed they were precious opal too .
tr	NNS	Its only visitors were the occasional mouse or dung beetle which died of thirst or hunger shortly after happening along .
tr	NN	A chuckle went through the crowd , and he continued .
tr	NN	A patrol car 's siren peeped with a flash of blue and red announcing its arrival .
tr	NN	My habit is to drink only small beer and this was the strongest liquor I ever had .
tr	NNS	His thumbs stroked along her hairline , somehow soothing and sensual all at once .
tr	NN	The boys ' crestfallen faces at the mere mention of delay had swayed her .
tr	NN	But up until this moment , until he 'd actually voiced the question , the simplicity of the truth had eluded him .
tr	NN	The lieutenant disappeared into the dim room as Kelsey stepped outside and pulled the door shut .
tr	NNS	Questions pounded his mind with every step .
tr	NNS	" The needed materials have been fully exhumed from the subjects at this stage .
tr	NNS	The former lovers began to make eye contact .
tr	NNS	The shots missed , but it gave Rata and the captive a chance to catch up .
tr	NN	Apparently one fellow recognized Dave from the men 's club and one of the women had noticed Mary on the tennis courts .
tr	NN	The day 's session ended , with Dan more unsure of the outcome than ever .
tr	NNS	The boom gates were like the indiscriminate nets of a fishing trawler , scooping up to the surface an inconsequential assortment of comings and goings .
tr	NN	A strange ritual to get through the maze to the cabin .
tr	NN	The pitcher reared back and threw the ball into Darren 's waiting glove .
tr	NN	The blood madness gripped Lucas now .
tr	NNS	In the mid and late 1800 's rich businessmen built large houses along its shores facing Wheeling , West Virginia .
tr	NNS	Plans are already in motion .
tr	NN	An answering roar went up and everyone drank deeply , smacking their lips and sighing appreciatively afterwards .
tr	NN	The yells and laughter of the party below travel up to us .
tr	NN	" Um , we 're not going to do that , " the teacher said , glancing back and forth between them .
tr	NNS	Constant traffic fumes , noise , and superb restaurants that rip you off . "
tr	NN	Eventually the snake stopped again .
tr	NN	His accent 's the closest to Viola 's I ever heard on New World .
tr	NNS	The grenades take a few seconds to prime .
tr	NN	Thinking of her , and thinking of Jack 's love for his family , brings me back to reality .
tr	NNS	The stores on the square and those immediately off of it were the dressed-up part of the town , the part primed for public consumption .
tr	NN	This electric , intensely sensual aura would linger long after we left the exhibition and returned to the hotel .
tr	NN	At its feet was the kitten , looking dry and fluffy , and playing with a bit of twig .
tr	NNS	Pleasant temperatures for November had driven people to the shop in droves .
tr	NNS	Words had never come easy for her , not like Sasha .
tr	NNS	More rats were joining in .
tr	NNS	Other patrons stopped what they were doing and stared .
tr	NNS	Images of the doon suddenly appeared before her , causing her to scream .
tr	NNS	Current Western media continue to focus on the militant interpretations of the concept of jihad , whereas most Muslims do not .
tr	NNS	" What did the sugar tests show ? "
tr	NNS	As the crystal ball was turned , the two huge bookshelves in front of me parted to give a path .
tr	NN	The wheels landing on tarmac broke the spell and Darcy inhaled sharply .
tr	NN	Then the corporal recovered and with a bellow of rage came towards me with his dagger .
tr	NN	The notion of waiting to ask the King before a decision was made had been unobtrusively shuffled aside .
tr	NNS	The last two torches went dark .
tr	NNS	Thoughts like that had swirled through her mind since she 'd first arrived here .
tr	NNS	But wouldn 't you know it , there are TV monitors all over the mall , and all of them tuned to the trial .
tr	NNS	Rufus is in trouble with father again .
tr	NNS	Cars were still pulling in and parking haphazardly on the grass on the far side of the lot .
tr	NNS	Dogs who go bad need to be put down . "
tr	NN	From the viewpoint of onlookers , there was a smothering taking place , but from his estimation , it was nothing so lethal .
tr	NNS	Lots of buttons and screens are on that side of the room .
tr	NNS	The three wells sat motionless .
tr	NNS	A few drops of blood hung in the air between her lips and the edge of the glass .
tr	NN	A giggle slips out .
tr	NN	Another eruption of cheers and upwards of a minute 's ovation ensued .
tr	NNS	Bugs leaned over and read the topic , too .
tr	NNS	In the study there were still many rolls and parchments annotated in his careful calligraphy .
tr	NNS	The shots were what Sage was waiting for .
tr	NNS	There were too many hypotheticals to run through , too many possibilities , too many potential choices .
tr	NNS	Sometimes our minds are full of fog , and it takes someone like her to cut through it .
tr	NNS	There were promises of ballistics and questions hushed out of respect to be asked later .
tr	NNS	Looks like they ´ re pillaging through the armory .
tr	NNS	My own boy downstairs can blow a hole in a garrison but can 't even sort my tooth out . "
tr	NN	The guilt spreads through me like venom and my stomach churns as I visualize him being chained to the ball .
tr	NNS	Lights glowed at the far end of the shaft , almost half a kilometer away .
tr	NN	the corporal desperately fought to keep his voice from cracking .
tr	NN	A braided rope of yellow swings out .
tr	NN	Grocery shopping was an incredibly interesting experience for Cale .
tr	NN	Year-round folk prefer their own love stones and hate stories and scandals and rumors of scandal .
tr	NN	The smells were much worse , however , and Victoria wondered how the vampires could stand it .
tr	NN	They don , t have proof of this or anything else .
tr	NN	In the second he was exposed to the cold vacuum the damage he endured was excruciating .
tr	NN	" What 's gas ? "
tr	NNS	The gunmen kept their distance , but the farthest was only twenty yards off .
tr	NNS	" Your Highness , " he manages to say through his shaking voice .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of what Chloe might be doing in the children 's house kept intruding , plans for how best to draw her into sharing his bed .
tr	NN	The canyon ended , and the bats headed into a large tunnel that twisted and turned every which way .
tr	NNS	Colorful butterflies mobbed the mud , drinking water from the pools , their scarlet wings like sailboats .
tr	NN	The grudge between Harry and Colby wasn 't going to disappear just because of a wedding party .
tr	NNS	When the technology was developed to preserve blood , to bag it , most vamps turned away from humans .
tr	NN	" Aye , ' t is the truth I 'm weary of carrying this child .
tr	NNS	His thumbs caressed her knuckles .
tr	NNS	There was two cases of dynamite inside they kept there for blowing beaver dams on the timber tracts .
tr	NN	There was never any doubt he was rich , but I didn , t know how rich until everything came to me .
tr	NN	The deputy whipped off his sunglasses and pointed them toward Valerie 's body .
tr	NNS	" Many years ago , the fathers of our fathers of our fathers back to many generations fought many battles .
tr	NNS	In hindsight , there was something menacing about the comment 's implication .
tr	NNS	There were worse faults a person could have .
tr	NN	Terror clawed through her body .
tr	NNS	As he continued to stare out of the window the first drops of rain spattered down on the pane .
tr	NNS	The chains held her prisoner .
tr	NNS	The only real differences between our rooms were the things in them .
tr	NN	The police patrol van stopped near us .
tr	NNS	" These cookies look delicious .
tr	NN	Part of the stem snapped off under the torque , an inch or so remaining lodged in Miguel 's shoulder .
tr	NNS	Lights were on in every building .
tr	NNS	Cars passed , sloshing water out of the ditches and potholes .
tr	NNS	Just before she disappeared , the strings of lightning attached to her body .
tr	NN	My first orgasm occurred as soon as he entered me .
tr	NN	For bounty hunters , the runner would tell them which pirate they were allowed to hunt and capture .
tr	NN	The divorce had been raging for almost two years , and Savannah couldn 't wait for the public showdown between the great doctor and the prominent socialite .
tr	NN	His secretary told us .
tr	NN	The bitch had planned this all along ... .
tr	NNS	The expressions on their faces ran a short gamut from stunned to fascinated .
tr	NN	The girl was called Elysia , a name Amelia had never heard in all her years .
tr	NN	There was an old sergeant named Wilmer who could spend hours telling us stories about wars the army had fought in the past .
tr	NNS	But those hopes remained frustrated .
tr	NN	A curly haired brunette asked .
tr	NN	The one sin the gods never forgive us is that of being born women .
tr	NNS	The gun blasts were deafening to both Paul and Greg .
tr	NN	The castle lay at the southern tip of the old Roman town and looked down upon the River Dee .
tr	NN	the sergeant whispered back .
tr	NN	The bullet caught him in his shoulder , spinning him as he began his fall from the cliff 's edge to the raging river below .
tr	NNS	There were occasional whispers of such things , but with such horror - or pretended horror - that I would never dream of doing anything like that .
tr	NNS	Had the gates already closed ?
tr	NN	" But there 's no map for us anymore .
tr	NN	The electricity was rapidly burning its body and brain , and it slowly gave in to the swirling darkness around him .
tr	NNS	Out here , there were different signs to read , plants instead of dust and stone , but the fundamentals remained the same .
tr	NN	when I heard a bullet hit one of the books on the shelf with a resounding thwack .
tr	NN	The baby gryphon let out another happy screech and followed the older creature into the darkness .
tr	NN	" Her yard looked like Santa Town this morning .
tr	NNS	The eggs in their abdomens hatch as larvae and eat their way out .
tr	NNS	The wolves regarded me with suspicion .
tr	NN	At the next stage , your division is fifty times fifty .
tr	NN	Part of me didn 't care , the part that had died along with the people of Athens .
tr	NNS	Outside the tent , footsteps crunched on gravel .
tr	NN	The angel had been hovering around Daddy since they all got up .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids were getting heavy , and alarm rioted within him .
tr	NN	My schedule 's hellish .
tr	NNS	( The effects of my last infusion of vampire blood had worn off , and I was my regular human self .
tr	NNS	" Well , the sleeping quarters are on the way .
tr	NN	" This mate of Gavin 's says communication in London is almost completely restored and there 's a few vehicles moving about there now too . "
tr	NNS	My instincts told me that blonde haired Claudia the Receptionist preferred guys that could afford to take her some place other than a fast food joint .
tr	NN	So infection had to be the biggest danger .
tr	NNS	With two hundred thousand people pouring into the small principality for the circuit 's most famous event , there were fans and media everywhere .
tr	NN	" Hey , my reputation is on the line . "
tr	NNS	Their apartments are on opposite ends of the palace .
tr	NN	" My schedule at the end of the month is light . "
tr	NNS	Flames should have raced over his skin , turning it into a melting inferno .
tr	NN	However , the budding private investigator in me kept pushing for more answers .
tr	NN	The quarter crown vanished and he handed her the two pennies change .
tr	NN	The reputation of Newmont was hanging on nothing more than a mystical flash made up entirely of smoke and mirrors .
tr	NNS	The warriors went wild .
tr	NNS	So far so good , all I have spotted are the familiar tracks of Rachel 's and the alien 's foot prints .
tr	NN	The hunter reeled backward , momentarily stunned .
tr	NNS	Aurelio 's clients are sophisticated buyers and sellers .
tr	NN	" What kind of car does your daddy drive ? "
tr	NNS	Guns were an entirely new weapon for our people .
tr	NN	The wheelbarrow seems more a means of torture than liberation now .
tr	NNS	Even untested apprentices could get lucky .
tr	NN	Just body language , and that 's always the same .
tr	NNS	The chains kept them in constant communication so that even now he knew she was worried .
tr	NN	A chorus of oddly muffled cheers sounded in the room .
tr	NNS	All those little cameras communicate with each other ? "
tr	NNS	The tunnels forked , and still I sped on at random , listening to the sounds of pursuit behind me .
tr	NN	" The British command is in disarray .
tr	NNS	My chances of victory were getting slimmer with each second .
tr	NN	As they settle , the layer projects in 3D .
tr	NN	But some dirty big ox bashed my head in with a poker . '
tr	NNS	Myles breathed a sigh of relief .
tr	NN	A strong plume of vaporous alcohol trailed behind him .
tr	NNS	Eric 's weather-beaten face was almost pressed against one of the glass panes , relief replacing worry when he caught sight of her approach .
tr	NNS	" Holy objects also have some value , although not enough to kill them . "
tr	NN	" Well the cottage isn 't there anymore , just the foundation , but everything else is .
tr	NN	A vow she made good on .
tr	NNS	The members of her group sat and chatted with her , excited that Kelly was going home .
tr	NN	The gentle countryside rolled pasted the train .
tr	NN	There 's a moat round the castle .
tr	NN	His charisma never had the fire the Mikael 's had .
tr	NN	Okay , the coast looks clear .
tr	NN	Her on-call schedule gave me a lifetime of freedom ; I enjoyed the solitude and independence .
tr	NN	So what ye do to him ? "
tr	NNS	In an instant , wolves , mountain lions , and even owls began emerging from the woods .
tr	NNS	Things were going to be okay .
tr	NNS	The fullness in my stomach makes me tired and I lament the fact that I still have to swing by the store .
tr	NN	A powerful stab caught the nearest snake square in the side of its head .
tr	NNS	She recognized the smell and let it soothe her , her fears calmed by the relaxing sound of the wind rustled leaves and her own muted footsteps .
tr	NNS	Their footsteps echo against the wooden floorboards , and Zion 's hand tightens in hers as they approach the stairs .
tr	NNS	The visitors stared back at him through eerie electronic goggles .
tr	NN	There was equality among men and women , similar to modern day .
tr	NNS	Girls at my old school in Portland were always dragging their college boyfriends back to dances . "
tr	NNS	Your lists give witness -- what few still wait , willing to reject the brand . "
tr	NN	The torrent of bodies pushed back .
tr	NNS	Gramps pauses for a second , swiping at his eyes , and I swallow .
tr	NNS	Some minor renovations done some twenty years before had only severed to make it look worse .
tr	NN	And my own recording will help me make it certain that I am not misinterpreted . "
tr	NNS	Where were the chains ?
tr	NNS	Some potential investors , sensing a low profit margin backed out .
tr	NN	More guilt , more need to bake cookies .
tr	NN	A little cough on the line brought him back to the moment .
tr	NNS	" Several clients , including UPMC and Myron Construction have shared glowing reviews of your work . "
tr	NNS	The edges of the shirt teased his senses with quick little glimpses then moved when she moved , hiding treasures .
tr	NN	A trickle of blood ran from a wound at the corner of his eye .
tr	NNS	" No apologies , " Hadley said , brushing off her apology .
tr	NN	A guttural growl escapes before he is next to me .
tr	NN	An armoire stood against the wall at the foot of the bed and a writing desk sat in the front of a large picture window .
tr	NNS	The tests and examination didn 't lie .
tr	NNS	Some areas became hard as rock while others remained as soft as talc .
tr	NNS	" Vital signs Q five minutes for the first hour , Q fifteen for the second , Q thirty for the third , hourly thereafter .
tr	NNS	Behind those beautiful colors was a wall of flames .
tr	NN	Considering all that has been happening , his absence could mean a lot .
tr	NN	Your widow has now lost her husband and her son .
tr	NN	Part of the problem may be I use the term " Godsend " in reference to our pediatrician and not my husband .
tr	NNS	" How good are these warriors ? "
tr	NNS	His hunter instincts , already fully aroused , reacted in less than a heartbeat .
tr	NN	There 's a mob of people chatting in a slender hallway with blood red walls and an ash black floor .
tr	NN	A tiny spark of cold , iron glamour glimmered at the top of Ash 's spine and I gasped .
tr	NN	Their leader was obviously unwilling to risk his troops facing a force of unknown size with the likelihood of ambushes .
tr	NN	There , sitting on my bed atop twisted sheets , is the largest , scariest looking spider I have ever seen in my life .
tr	NNS	Did the actions of wraiths even fit into any kind of morality I understood ?
tr	NN	My grandma is from here and my dad is half and half .
tr	NNS	Others crowded in behind Pat and somebody lit a lantern , revealing a trickle of liquid coming from the hammock , and an acrid smell .
tr	NNS	Those two statements did not seem compatible .
tr	NN	A tremor ran through me .
tr	NN	Only the warlock 's cape lies upon the ferns , rocks , and flowers , taking a humanoid shape at the right angle and distance .
tr	NN	A tremor traveled the length of my spine .
tr	NN	Kristen 's gratitude endeared her even more to Autumn , who had grown to really like the younger woman .
tr	NN	The mountain shuddered and shook and groaned as if alive , as if it was coming awake .
tr	NN	The first mate returned and reported that they had three full kegs and one partial keg .
tr	NNS	Gold coins that I let fall through my fingers .
tr	NN	The intruder pointed the gun at Sebastian 's chest and then lowered it to his knees .
tr	NNS	' Romantic Victorian poetess . '
tr	NNS	Colby 's shouts had attracted too much attention .
tr	NNS	As he sat at his station , prepared to serve his country for another tour , two key facts were prominent in his mind .
tr	NNS	Her pupils engulf her irises in the dark and in her anxious state .
tr	NN	At once the dull roar started in his head .
tr	NNS	His experiences changed him , Jamison .
tr	NN	The pendant catches my eye again .
tr	NNS	There were some apprentices talking in the corner .
tr	NNS	Images of Brandon forcing me to my knees , his hands tangled in my hair as his mouth spewed vile words and demands .
tr	NNS	My stockings were nude but everything else was white .
tr	NN	For a moment the import of that didn 't register ; then her eyes widened .
tr	NN	The soft healing chant added to the healer 's persuasive voice and in the end , the fragment returned to Lara without much trouble .
tr	NNS	For once the clasps weren 't difficult in my grasp and I was able to slide back into the driver 's seat within a couple of minutes .
tr	NN	Was her intruder alone ?
tr	NNS	But the two strange looking characters began to move around the table toward him , one from either side .
tr	NNS	Perhaps his instincts had failed him and he 'd made a bad choice .
tr	NNS	Reyes faced her again , his expression blank .
tr	NN	A video began to play .
tr	NN	And on top , witness identification -- even though it was from a hundred yards away at night . '
tr	NNS	" Agents of the powers-that-be , " she said .
tr	NN	" The sheriff and judge were talking about you .
tr	NNS	Though we are superior even before our eighteenth birthday our abilities become even more enhanced then . "
tr	NNS	There were too many possibilities .
tr	NNS	The colors had solidified completely , which meant their bond was complete .
tr	NN	Nicky held up the next page , which had been shaded with pencil .
tr	NNS	But right then , footsteps echoed from down the path .
tr	NN	A large crucifix hung on one wall , simple yet commanding .
tr	NNS	Bugs shouted uncontrollable obscenities upon hearing Smith 's coy admission .
tr	NN	Their cottage turned out to be the last one leading off the gravel road .
tr	NNS	Others join their crying .
tr	NNS	Cars rushed through the streets below ; little beacons of light headed to secret destinations for unknown experiences .
tr	NN	And my little notebook here , my only friend through all of this , along with Jan , can 't help me with that .
tr	NN	He smiled then , a slow , tender smile that would always be capable of stealing her heart .
tr	NN	The sheriff gave him the gun .
tr	NNS	The whispers grow louder , become shouts .
tr	NN	My pulse drummed anxiously in my neck at the thought of Cohen spotting us .
tr	NN	Before Constanta had a chance to approach her parents , a sudden crash startled her so much that she nearly fell over .
tr	NNS	Things are only gon na get worse , because Principal Wright is expecting shapeshifters to arrive tomorrow morning .
tr	NN	Her absence was palpable , even though she was still in the room .
tr	NN	Cream marble from floor to ceiling cut into large subway tiles .
tr	NNS	His footsteps were heavy as he tore across the floor and slammed the back door shut behind him .
tr	NNS	The nurses were afraid to approach her since they had been on the receiving end of a mother 's violent fits of desperation .
tr	NNS	Rawlings made eye contact with Sebastian .
tr	NN	Instead Hank 's final exchange came in the form of a strange , faint smile of anticipation .
tr	NNS	" Stop , " Hope squeaked loudly .
tr	NNS	If it comes down to a war again , where will her loyalties stand ? "
tr	NNS	But now the stakes were a little higher .
tr	NNS	The cold dampness of the tunnel began to give way to the warm light of the outside world .
tr	NN	The young warrior was going to take that chance at all costs .
tr	NNS	Maybe glimpsed around the edges , a dark promise of the end .
tr	NN	The castle seemed even more magnificent up close .
tr	NNS	At the same time both screens showed the message " All devices shut down ! "
tr	NNS	The werewolves were all hungry too , so we dropped off our bags and trooped out to a restaurant to find something to eat .
tr	NN	The golden aura or halo that encircled her , and none of the others , instantly drew my attention .
tr	NNS	" What kind of evil are these creatures ? "
tr	NNS	Even as close as they were , there were limits to their communication .
tr	NN	Final y , Elena just sat by her and held her .
tr	NNS	Suddenly , a figure shimmers to our left then becomes solid and fall -- a man wearing red robes .
tr	NNS	Others were old , but still had leaves sprouting from their boughs .
tr	NN	The lens was better than what one found on cellphones , and would telescope outward for most shooting .
tr	NN	" Ok Dad . "
tr	NN	Their defense was now entrenched and would require the American troops to blast their way through multiple layers of defense .
tr	NN	The second option was to link with the psychic network at Phoenix Enterprises .
tr	NNS	The dampness between my legs is growing wetter .
tr	NN	Author 's Note Thank you for reading The Witch Who Cried Wolf !
tr	NN	But , there is much more angelic intervention than anyone realizes . "
tr	NNS	No doubt the satellites had picked up on what had happened the night before .
tr	NNS	The creatures that were now moving in a pack to his right were like nothing he had ever seen before .
tr	NNS	With his first step , the boards , drenched and ancient , sagged under his weight .
tr	NNS	Each screen had a different scenario that a student was dealing with and in turn the screens were responding to their actions .
tr	NN	" Chance told me that his dad found me a car for two thousand dollars . "
tr	NN	The coin hadn 't hit bone , but the bleeding would - " Vin ! "
tr	NN	Never had I experienced art so profoundly and so spiritually .
tr	NNS	The passengers cheered , their voices echoing through the cavernous metal tunnel filled with packed rows of webbed seats .
tr	NN	With two days left until the Day of the Red Dawn , her weariness was bone deep .
tr	NN	My environment needed to be a cocoon of artistic energy .
tr	NN	At this moment the only reward he dared hope for was escaping the encounter without some hideous torture .
tr	NNS	So letters and phone calls are not possible for us .
tr	NN	The buggy in front of them crested a large dune and its wheels left the ground .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of dread and anguish tried to push away the pain with little success .
tr	NNS	The whirring winds drown out the conversation on the porch .
tr	NN	A solid core that had drawn him to her .
tr	NN	To make matters worse , an owl started hooting outside my window .
tr	NN	Bodies were stuck halfway out the windows , the door crushed shut .
tr	NNS	Those creatures , she thought .
tr	NN	The commentary came not from Pendleton , but from Kit , who stood behind him .
tr	NNS	" When a man 's as close to death as that , priorities line up cleanly .
tr	NNS	" Maybe the prostitutes would like them , but most that patronize this place , need practical shoes like the ones you have on . "
tr	NN	Jack 's face shone with sincerity but Alex 's barely audible snigger suggested the innocence was feigned .
tr	NNS	His clients liked innocent young things .
tr	NN	The race is about to begin . "
tr	NNS	Deserted roads led through valleys and over stone bridges in the passes .
tr	NNS	My wrists were clean and smooth .
tr	NNS	Chills crawled up my spine and raised the fine hairs at the back of my neck .
tr	NN	The poverty we lived in now seemed even worse after the brief , heady taste of affluence in Denver , and we were desperately short of money .
tr	NNS	" Their mothers are hungry , Rico , and they 're hungry now . "
tr	NN	Some rival of Belinda 's must have been keeping an eye on the shop , awaiting an opportunity .
tr	NNS	Were there some shortcuts and false claims ?
tr	NNS	Original programs created the Interlink , and the Interlink wrote new programs to solve the problems of human life .
tr	NNS	" Two more letters regarding your Public Transportation Initiative - " No surprises there either .
tr	NNS	The aliens probably left some of their soldiers behind .
tr	NN	Deni 's mate must have taken the photo , because Deni smiled out of the picture at him , her eyes full of love .
tr	NN	Her grandmother had explained that sixteen laps was half a mile .
tr	NN	Part of holding off on reporting to the Alchemists had been to see if Nevermore would replenish what I 'd stolen .
tr	NNS	All my conclusions are subjective and I cannot show that I am not mistaken .
tr	NN	The Glock he held was all they 'd been able to bum off their brothers on such short notice , so it wouldn 't be hard .
tr	NNS	With the approaching Southern conflict , newspapers are even worse .
tr	NNS	Sadness shadowed his features and she knew he 'd hoped she might have sent for him for a different reason .
tr	NNS	Barry 's stupid frogs were sitting next to her .
tr	NNS	Our lips met , our tongues clashed .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids fell closed again , and all the tension went out of her body as she slumped forward .
tr	NNS	Their expressions gave away their thoughts and simultaneously how experienced in meeting the unknown they were .
tr	NNS	His abilities have no effect on him .
tr	NN	A television might be interesting , but forget a phone .
tr	NN	His scar now looked not only poorly stitched , but sinister .
tr	NNS	Even if I found a way to go with her , the chances of her surviving were slim at best .
tr	NNS	" Would you ladies prefer to explore or eat first ? "
tr	NNS	His reins , worn and ragged , trailed on the ground between his hooves , and the saddle had been days on his poor chafed back .
tr	NN	" The goal is to cut a face in it .
tr	NN	" That bastard thinks he 's something else . "
tr	NN	The light " shhh " whispering from her mouth like only a mom can do .
tr	NN	" Yes , off the coast back home . "
tr	NN	" Oh , " the receptionist said , frowning .
tr	NNS	" What are these notches on the grip ?
tr	NNS	Carefully packed contents fell in piles preventing the door from closing .
tr	NNS	" Oh , no , such visits are as rare as trees .
tr	NNS	Four paces separated the two men when a lone shot sounded , and the warrior pitched face-down on the earth , his club flying from his fist .
tr	NN	He lay on the floor facedown , his hood pulled low over his face .
tr	NNS	Silky strands of his hair skimmed my thighs as he settled between my legs .
tr	NNS	Our minds , controlled before by God alone , now generated motives of their own -- as might have been predicted .
tr	NN	Part of her , she admitted , wanted Alain to win .
tr	NNS	The three apprentices gathered round . '
tr	NN	Another roar tore through the space .
tr	NN	The mountain was riddled with passages , caves , and dead ends .
tr	NNS	Rags swayed from craggy old branches on the one prominent tree in the yard .
tr	NNS	Shouts and screams and the unmistakable noxious stench of flesh burning mixed in the air and mystified the encompassing cloud breathing smoke and spitting ash .
tr	NNS	Four courts , two on each side of the lobby , had glass back walls .
tr	NN	A Security squad is loading the victims onto an ovoid .
tr	NN	Her clothing were crisply starched and not a hair of her tightly pulled , silver-haired bun was out of place .
tr	NNS	The dead cat 's prints had been heavier , and spread farther apart , indicating he was larger .
tr	NN	Love played with his fork .
tr	NN	I ' l hear you . "
tr	NN	My personal theory is that the fail-safe is part of the demon . "
tr	NN	There 's usually milk too , but that doesn 't really go with appetizers " It had been at least a month since I 'd had juice .
tr	NN	If the meltdown was real .
tr	NNS	Hands were on him , holding Duncan down because the drug wasn 't working .
tr	NN	Despair haunts the steps of the common people .
tr	NN	The ramp winds down and around for quite a ways , but at least we 're out of the wind .
tr	NN	She 's even more stooped and wizened than she was when she accosted me , a black shawl wound around her slight body .
tr	NNS	Her pupils darkened and her full lips parted .
tr	NN	A growl tore from his throat .
tr	NN	A hood of blackness descended over Emelia , as brief as a thought or perhaps as long as an eternity .
tr	NNS	Romulus tilted his head with a new thought .
tr	NNS	The scenes flared bright .
tr	NNS	Flames licked my bare feet , burning my skin .
tr	NN	The mayor looked at us with a baffled expression .
tr	NN	The sound was coming from outside the vessel , the roar of men and women picked up by transmission .
tr	NNS	the immortals added their two bits in an effort to console Lily .
tr	NNS	Looks like Cam was waiting for that opening .
tr	NN	Now all the wide grins around me of my male classmates made sense .
tr	NNS	Things were about to get interesting .
tr	NNS	And there are other possibilities : sponsorship , pledges , bequests -- you know the sort of thing . '
tr	NN	Oh , do sit down , there 's a good fellow .
tr	NN	How did your surgery go ? "
tr	NNS	Earth 's 23.5 degree axis points at Polaris .
tr	NNS	Starving artists produce the most amazing music , though .
tr	NNS	The graph 's vertical axis represented volume .
tr	NNS	Others ran through the gardens .
tr	NNS	The leaders tried to stop them , even tried to force people to stay by threatening them , but it didn 't work . "
tr	NN	" A squirrel , Your Grace , " the priest said .
tr	NN	The Fortune will gain power and so will the Fountain .
tr	NN	The paint is peeling off the walls and the stairs need polishing .
tr	NNS	Reyes smoothed a shaky hand over Danika 's brow .
tr	NNS	Then her fingernails cut through the skin of his lower arm , and he withdrew sharply , inadvertently releasing her .
tr	NNS	" The trials were a mockery of justice .
tr	NN	The bubbling gas slowed to a sputter .
tr	NN	Underneath the layer of silk and lace were piles of papers .
tr	NNS	How were your classes ? "
tr	NN	" My reputation for hospitality is at stake here !
tr	NNS	Words had deserted me .
tr	NN	A low level chuckle made its way around the room , louder at the table than elsewhere .
tr	NNS	" Do inanimate objects have spirits ? "
tr	NN	My fifth hour teacher didn 't approve of me being late , even if it was just by a minute .
tr	NN	A rumbling came from inside like the footsteps of hundreds of soldiers marching across the metal interior of the vent .
tr	NN	Part of him already did , maybe , though to admit it would make him too vulnerable .
tr	NN	Our motto as runners is ' Get it Done . '
tr	NN	His twisted spine made it a shallow bow , but it was as graceful as any I 'd been given .
tr	NNS	Myles spotted her as soon as she drove into town .
tr	NN	" The dawn approaches . "
tr	NNS	Things don 't always turn out for the best , but miracles are real , Georgina .
tr	NN	There was no sin in sex for the Indians , so other men came to these women .
tr	NNS	His giggly cousins got used to seeing me around everyday , and slowly stopped being so dopey around me .
tr	NNS	Suspicious shrugged " Terror weapon , shock trooper , cannon fodder , all that and more . "
tr	NN	The implication , again , was that someone wanted to break them up .
tr	NN	Love is a war .
tr	NN	Either the pilot had become infected or the co-pilot had metamorphosed and had attacked him .
tr	NN	The foliage on the edge of the clearing shook and admitted Bill , Ernest and Fritz .
tr	NN	Over the damn bite the bastard had given her .
tr	NNS	The wind sprites dispersed with a burst of rainbow colors .
tr	NNS	Curious , and more than a little surprised , Karen maneuvered through all the junk littering the floor in order to get a closer look .
tr	NN	Those fleeing couldn 't get out , and those chasing us couldn 't get in .
tr	NNS	At first , his classmates had been a select number of wealthy young men , and now there was a more diverse mix of boys and girls .
tr	NNS	That mild drama addressed , preparations for the invited guests were well under way .
tr	NNS	Amy signed , Things come .
tr	NNS	My eyelids twitched and I saw a thousand vampiric eyes staring at me , as I lay in the Prince 's arms , fading into blackness .
tr	NN	" The good news is , there is an avenue that you can pursue .
tr	NN	Enemy of the state was a serious offense in any country .
tr	NNS	Screams joined the chorus .
tr	NNS	" All the teachers did .
tr	NNS	Mages were knowledgeable about the moons and other planets too .
tr	NN	Peggy watched as Hannah 's face fell , annoyed that her husband was so blind to how badly the girl needed their approval .
tr	NNS	Sirens ensued , and two maybe three police on foot began running in the northbound direction .
tr	NNS	My grandparents hug me goodbye and they leave .
tr	NN	The hatch opened and Kalen stepped into the ready room .
tr	NNS	Waves of darkness crashed in around me , and I drowned in them .
tr	NNS	Sure enough , as if on cue , Achilles tossed his head , nodding confirmation of Hawk 's surmise .
tr	NNS	Things your fiancee should know that I don 't . "
tr	NN	" Missed you last Sunday , " he said , the same irritating habit he 'd picked up years ago .
tr	NNS	The changes you will be offering on Monday include a major change in the configuration of the government .
tr	NN	The redhead , Kim , was still hanging from the ceiling .
tr	NN	This young cow was small , about the size of a full grown mule deer .
tr	NN	The intense white radiance of the faintly humming lanterns dispelled the terrible , blood-red gloom .
tr	NN	There was pure seduction in her voice ; the fear had been pushed aside by intense pleasure .
tr	NN	The bike straightened , and they raced across gleaming marble floors .
tr	NNS	No , the clients had no head for business , but that was good for Max .
tr	NNS	After that , the boxers prepared themselves to put their lives in the match and to see who will be the victor of the match .
tr	NNS	The cameras and monitors were all digital , hi-def , and were as clear as watching close up with the naked eye .
tr	NN	The dizziness had never been this bad before .
tr	NN	There was no good option .
tr	NNS	The tentacles were no more , and Anon 's wounds were already on the mend .
tr	NNS	And pigs could fly .
tr	NN	The corporal tried to come to attention , without much success .
tr	NN	The captain had something to return home to , and he intended to rotate on schedule .
tr	NNS	What I mean is , the tests came back positive .
tr	NNS	4 The nurses were gossiping about me .
tr	NNS	Tiki torches cast jumping shadows across their bewildered faces , enriching the night with the potent scent of citronella .
tr	NN	The senator sat across from her , gazing out the window , obviously gloating over the debate .
tr	NN	As any slave will tell you , one master is more than enough .
tr	NNS	Birds and butterflies of every color and size danced and flew in the air , and the meadow was alive with the sound of chirping .
tr	NN	" This video will last a minute and not a second longer , so choose your words wisely .
tr	NNS	The wolves were able to attack us so well at the cabin because they had the woods for cover .
tr	NN	Her sweater , pants , bra and panties lay neatly on the bed .
tr	NN	The brat had his hand up again .
tr	NNS	Wings tuck in , preparing to dive .
tr	NNS	Thoughts scattered on his kitchen 's porcelain floor as he put a loose arm low around her waist .
tr	NNS	If the police could no longer solve cases involving the taking of human lives , the priorities must be politically skewed .
tr	NNS	My friend rides motorcycles , has for years , and he rides with a group of buddies .
tr	NNS	A few strands of gray hair streaked his temple , adding a distinguished air .
tr	NN	Once the altimeter read 3,000 feet he released his straps , jettisoned the hood .
tr	NNS	The murders are all on me .
tr	NN	His passion and sheer respect for the game he loved only made me love him more .
tr	NN	The manner of the noticing he could not say , but the white cell with everything it contained , with the Proteus , was following .
tr	NN	The Program never found them .
tr	NN	My self-esteem was in the gutter .
tr	NNS	The tall view screens are flickering or dead .
tr	NNS	This deep in the woods , the whispers and calls had grown quieter .
tr	NN	The human race is mainly alien .
tr	NN	A rim of green circled Josh 's mouth and darkened the skin under his eyes .
tr	NNS	Fishnet stockings extended from black knee-high boots .
tr	NNS	Scrambled eggs were too average , too common , and this was a guy who liked to be a little bit different .
tr	NN	The hose released water to the sky ; thus , forming a rainbow .
tr	NN	" Now this fellow is interesting , very interesting , a very interesting fellow indeed , grandfather Walter , an interesting fellow .
tr	NNS	Marius yelled and threw him as far as he could .
tr	NNS	" Things have changed .
tr	NN	" A dark elf has come , asking for an audience with you . "
tr	NN	The Fox Hill fundraiser already seemed very far away .
tr	NN	The operator remained in a dreamy trance for the rest of the morning , spilling coffee all over his arm and leaving him with a permanent scar .
tr	NN	Her heart leapt at the sight of him and Juliette knew she was in deep .
tr	NNS	There 's no footprints left to find . "
tr	NN	The wildcat wanted to come out , though .
tr	NNS	Lots of bad things began happening at once .
tr	NN	The werewolf holding her leaned in even closer .
tr	NN	The gold paint had flaked off in places , but it did give the entire room an added elegance .
tr	NN	No tour is complete without the crowds of people , the smut peddlers , and the chance for photos in front of the various attractions .
tr	NNS	If Kim didn 't jump on board , all her efforts would be meaningless .
tr	NN	The haze covered their retreat .
tr	NN	" We 'll get him , don 't you worry , " the older deputy assured her .
tr	NN	His nonchalance had to be feigned .
tr	NN	The casts would be his for weeks , and he could not envision surviving life in the city with a wheelchair and crutches .
tr	NN	Not a dragon sixteen either , but a healthy sixteen-year-old girl who likes a boy .
tr	NN	Octavian 's visage hardened briefly .
tr	NN	" And what did his lordship say ? "
tr	NN	His weariness was beating at her .
tr	NNS	Occasional visits would never substitute for what I 'd be giving up .
tr	NN	The adrenaline had long waned , leaving Xavier 's body sore and listless .
tr	NNS	Hands of steel flip me over so suddenly I yelp with surprise .
tr	NNS	The other four members of the Plaintiffs ' Steering Committee were lounging in chairs , facing the mountains , smoking dark cigars and working on drinks .
tr	NNS	Deep red grooves dug into my wrists .
tr	NNS	Chills run across both shoulders and down my spine .
tr	NN	His thickness widened my mouth , my tongue riding on the ridge .
tr	NNS	Alexis had removed the curtain and wrapped a length of cord around the iron rod .
tr	NN	Despite her brother 's joyful news , a melancholy spread over her .
tr	NN	The acid in my stomach was changing to triumph .
tr	NN	A curl of smoke lifted from wide nostrils .
tr	NN	A click and the sound of the mouse wheel spinning .
tr	NN	Jazz read the text , frowning , pacing , and reached across Pansy for the desk phone .
tr	NNS	Our tongues tangle together .
tr	NN	The paint was cool to the touch , sliding over my hot skin more sensually than the night before .
tr	NN	How did our chat sessions happen then ?
tr	NN	" Oh , my revenge is so sweet .
tr	NNS	My fingernails almost ripped apart the sheets when his third finger entered me , stretching me even wider .
tr	NNS	The drugs were beginning to take effect .
tr	NNS	There were designs of active hull plating that withstood immense damage .
tr	NN	As she absorbed the significance of the phrasing , a trickle of worry began to seep in .
tr	NNS	Marius bellowed and puffed out his chest .
tr	NN	Well , the tail end of it anyway .
tr	NN	Wing and his companions introduced the subject they had most at heart .
tr	NNS	Her pupils were as large as the continents .
tr	NN	Your Spring , " she continued , " sounds very much like our early moons - wet , and the best time for planting . "
tr	NN	Beneath the skin there was the metal and plastic skeleton he had known for decades .
tr	NN	But , hey that just seems to be par for the course now doesn 't it . "
tr	NNS	The images came and went .
tr	NN	The damage from smoke inhalation during the explosion in Turkey was too much . "
tr	NN	And she ' l be coming for you , little monster . "
tr	NNS	Luckily the fighting clowns didn 't seem to notice them .
tr	NNS	The makeup artists were very good at their job , and able to apply the black band to expertly disguise Mac 's eye appearance .
tr	NNS	Orange scales dot the sand around her like blood splatter .
tr	NN	The bodice of the dress had its own criss-crossing pattern that mirrored her hair , and the lower half floated gently to the ground .
tr	NN	A brand new laptop waited for him on the kitchen island , its box still nearby .
tr	NN	" There 's a ravine just west of us .
tr	NNS	" Things will happen faster than you think . "
tr	NN	A tinge of jealousy bit into her .
tr	NN	The prophecy had given only two outcomes .
tr	NNS	" The ruffles will move very nicely when you 're dancing . "
tr	NNS	Two dark figures stood on the opposite side of the street .
tr	NNS	There are other Pieces , some lost to us , and others perhaps left hidden . "
tr	NN	There was their lack of children , Midland 's lack of interior designer choices , pros and cons of Botox etc. .
tr	NN	" How has your master been fairing , these days ? "
tr	NN	He didn , t dare to touch these books .
tr	NN	The younger medic shook his head and took his leave .
tr	NNS	Looks like it didn 't do much good for these poor folks . "
tr	NN	I shivered , the intrigue for the subject fast become an unnerved chill . '
tr	NN	My grandmother 's face looming at me , cold and calculating .
tr	NNS	And then , of course , there were the financial worries .
tr	NN	" I need security , " the elf said , but I couldn 't tell who he was talking to .
tr	NN	The bundle in Jenny 's arms stirred .
tr	NNS	Maybe even pirates went to bed at a decent hour in Minnesota .
tr	NNS	No bars can keep me caged . "
tr	NNS	Things could get messy when you listened to the Fugitive Spirits .
tr	NNS	Even virgins knew they were supposed to get an orgasm out of the deal .
tr	NNS	His defenses are up and that stern expression is back .
tr	NN	The audience again gasped in surprise , then fell into silence .
tr	NNS	The five star accommodations will go to my head if you keep this up . "
tr	NNS	The detectives had shown the image to her before .
tr	NN	Every inch of my body trembled , my chest felt tight , and my wounded leg felt like jelly .
tr	NNS	It took me forty seconds , two grenades and a roll of dark nylon fishing line to booby trap the back door .
tr	NNS	Our kisses deepened as his tongue found mine and he growled softly as his fingers tightened against my back .
tr	NN	The goon came back down the gangway .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids fluttered down .
tr	NNS	There were nine cases described in it .
tr	NN	The castle produces a petrifying atmosphere to her senses , making her shiver down to her spine .
tr	NN	One line in it teased at her , a sentence mostly ignored by those who had written commentary .
tr	NNS	The daggers were closest to the door , followed by the short swords and long swords .
tr	NNS	The snarling coyotes matched her stride .
tr	NN	And the sign language would be easy to work out .
tr	NNS	" Things are bad enough as it is . "
tr	NNS	The villagers do not ask anything of me , and I am content to let them talk amongst themselves , of harvesting corn and storing squash .
tr	NNS	Samuel 's instincts kicked in and he went to the stranger .
tr	NNS	Only very specific types of body armor can withstand the heat and the only person I know that could survive without said armor is Yasmine .
tr	NNS	Her movements were slow , hypnotizing , and I couldn 't stop myself from watching those legs .
tr	NNS	Gnat nodded and whispered , " You see , many servants like myself often go unnoticed .
tr	NNS	Soldiers with assault rifles lined the perimeter of the field , grim of face and straight of posture .
tr	NNS	Part One The King 's Champion Chapter 1 The shutters swinging in the storm winds were the only sign of her entry .
tr	NN	" Your career is a do-over .
tr	NNS	Charles ' hopes rose and fell at the sound of the single plink , but he waited patiently for Beethoven to finish eating .
tr	NNS	Nicodemus watched the valet set out three folding chairs and cover the table with a white cloth .
tr	NN	And the dragon let her .
tr	NNS	The warriors are tired , their sleep disturbed .
tr	NN	An unbelievable fragrance engulfed the room filling it with the amazing sweetness of the bouquet .
tr	NNS	And just like that , the first drops appeared against the big window , splattering , collecting , sliding .
tr	NN	That observation put Ruby back on solid ground .
tr	NN	As a result the decrepit stuffed duck -- scruffy feathers , new silver medallion and all -- stood on the bookshelf behind Chris 's desk .
tr	NNS	" My fellow Americans , " he begins .
tr	NNS	Thunder booms in the background and lightning flashes across the room .
tr	NNS	The memory functions returned first .
tr	NN	The prophecy only hastened their demise . "
tr	NNS	All those wilder misgivings , all the fluttering to and fro between two opinions , was ( for that time ) quite over .
tr	NN	The sensuality and warmth from the soft curves of her body was intoxicating .
tr	NNS	The downstairs goes first .
tr	NNS	The members of the Club looked at one another .
tr	NN	His growth market , though , is in poker .
tr	NN	A thin vine wrapped around one of his wrists .
tr	NN	And the reservoir tip was completely empty .
tr	NN	That quickly , passion trembled through him .
tr	NN	With Chris 's hand still clamped around his ankle , the dock was the only thing that kept him from going over backwards .
tr	NN	" There 's a goat ? "
tr	NNS	The two male Werewolves were dead .
tr	NNS	The first eight emails required only short replies , nothing he found taxing .
tr	NNS	Brown strands of hair stick out from my messed up ponytail .
tr	NN	The hawk grew angry , but he knew the serpent was right .
tr	NN	His biting is a symbol that you are being allowed into their family .
tr	NNS	Her fighting skills unmatched by anyone except the most seasoned warriors .
tr	NN	Was his cancer back ?
tr	NN	He held up the hammer , his appreciative gaze moving over every detail .
tr	NN	The goat , which had slid about during the transfer , regarded him with bright-eyed perspicacity , but made no sound .
tr	NNS	Wings fluttered overhead as birds flitted from one tree to the next .
tr	NN	Part of me was terrified to let myself hope , but another part of me couldn 't help it .
tr	NN	His next lick found it , and he pressed her closer .
tr	NNS	Costas leaned towards the screen .
tr	NNS	For Emily , all roads lead back to Ali .
tr	NNS	There are many preparations yet to attend to , and we will need every Undine 's assistance .
tr	NN	" The healer comes with the one who names himself my brother .
tr	NN	There was something indecent about the exposure of the privacy of a room to the outside world .
tr	NN	A willing gleam flickered in his gaze .
tr	NN	Interesting concept but the narrative was all over the place .
tr	NN	My GP had explained all about that when he was trying to persuade me to go on the pill a few months back .
tr	NN	His flashlight shone on me , then to Dean , who was back to looking irritated .
tr	NNS	The twins were going to grow up thinking they were God 's gift to women .
tr	NNS	There were no offers of coffee and bagels today .
tr	NN	And if he is not , then the priest knows things he ought not to know .
tr	NN	" The tsar represents a link with our heritage .
tr	NN	Nearly tripping she found her balance with her hand on the arm of Oman 's chair .
tr	NNS	The nurses were incredibly helpful to me , not making a big deal about leaving Harper 's side .
tr	NN	the pilot called out .
tr	NNS	There were bees around us , gathering nectar from the wild flowers that grew there in profusion .
tr	NNS	Those winds joined together to form two trumpeters who blew their horns to announce the most feared creature of all .
tr	NNS	It was slow but I got up , my chains rattling .
tr	NN	" It 's a watermelon and raspberry lemonade , " her grandmother said proudly .
tr	NN	An underground torture chamber ? "
tr	NN	There was no honor in your father and there is none in you .
tr	NN	Sam 's guilt was palpable .
tr	NNS	To them those tales are now only legends , myths now not to be believed .
tr	NNS	Her letters were bubbly and girlish .
tr	NNS	Not if those shots saved someone 's life , but I didn 't argue .
tr	NN	Each page is chock full of reminders of things I had forgotten to post .
tr	NNS	There were the facts and that was all that mattered .
tr	NN	A peculiar notion sprang fully formed and yet , now of all times , wholly unwelcome , into his thoughts .
tr	NN	The police Sergeant wanted to catch this guy in a bad way .
tr	NN	A parade of nurses and doctors followed with much probing and groping , and after an hour Clay fell asleep .
tr	NN	The inquisitive stare and lift in his lips leapt in his throat with a passing wave of jealousy . " '
tr	NNS	She fans through the pages , the edges of the paper grazing her hair .
tr	NN	The audience roared in anticipation , and Allie looked out to the darkening theater , pretending that they were all cheering for her .
tr	NNS	Dull red and green glows pulsed in the field of deep purple .
tr	NNS	Two pairs of soldiers rode off in front and two pairs hung back to watch .
tr	NN	Only a few hundred folk dwelt there , decaying remnants of a once great race .
tr	NN	The pond became silent .
tr	NNS	In the last couple month 's pirates had been seizing ships , stealing the goods and selling them on the black market .
tr	NN	The canine nudged him more persistently and whimpered faintly .
tr	NNS	Landen minds were too weak to give off a psychic scent , but hers did .
tr	NN	A light rectangle slid across the screen and singled out a slim woman walking across the polished floor .
tr	NNS	There were rows upon rows of identical cubicles .
tr	NN	The dragon took in a deep breath and then sighed .
tr	NNS	Diggs was quiet for a second or two .
tr	NN	The agony of not knowing coiled in her stomach like a black knot .
tr	NN	So were her landlord , Ralph Toomey , and Marge from the Sunshine .
tr	NN	The squad looked around , confused , desperate to make out where it had come from .
tr	NNS	Wood chips littered the grass .
tr	NNS	" All the Americans go to Florence , Venice , and Rome .
tr	NNS	Their quarters were adjacent to each other .
tr	NNS	Things that could help take the whole organization down .
tr	NNS	Trumpets , horns blew from afar .
tr	NNS	The chips in his chest had grown larger .
tr	NNS	His actions startle him awake .
tr	NN	Her posture was a disaster .
tr	NN	The hard glint of a predator in his eyes , however , did freak her out .
tr	NNS	Her pupils were huge with shock .
tr	NNS	A few terminals even provide a soft blue glow to work by .
tr	NNS	Witches were always trouble .
tr	NNS	But lately , even those differences hadn 't seemed to matter .
tr	NN	His belly felt prickly and odd as he followed her into the room .
tr	NNS	All the officers ' quarters had nameplates indicating which residence belonged to which officer .
tr	NN	A quarter of a mile of this and they came to the ford .
tr	NNS	Their depths reflected the simultaneous relief and urgency I knew were in mine .
tr	NNS	" And that our loyalties lie with ourselves .
tr	NN	At least she hoped it was , because another , even less welcome , option nagged at her mind .
tr	NNS	The chances are slim to none . "
tr	NNS	Meanwhile my spies reveal dire news almost daily .
tr	NNS	" The ghosts are not early , the ghosts don 't sleep really .
tr	NN	" Tight little bitch was telling the truth . "
tr	NNS	Her healer instincts perked up and her feet started to move back inside until Declan gripped her waist and held her back .
tr	NN	The priest raised another orb of light in his palm .
tr	NN	A fierce roar split the night , shaking the ground , rattling the trees .
tr	NN	The mental exercise had seemed to calm him .
tr	NNS	Things were looking up .
tr	NN	But then , your entire family unit is so very odd , isn 't it ?
tr	NN	Her soft , Southern accent and genteel manners have the odd effect of lending a degree of romanticism to Randy .
tr	NN	A lord of the Third Eye deserves better than to be secreted to a convent of the Unheard Whisper .
tr	NN	There was a slight flutter in her chest .
tr	NNS	Others reportedly could repeat this .
tr	NNS	Octagon or hexagon hex signs with geometric decorations are a part of Pennsylvania Dutch folk art .
tr	NNS	The old and trusted team members , who fought the start of the drug wars back home with your grandmother and father , are still here tonight .
tr	NN	Those looters didn 't know what they had when they came looking , " the corporal said .
tr	NN	The tie , tickling across my forehead like a feather .
tr	NNS	His movements were quickening , his thrust gaining a new urgency .
tr	NNS	The ghosts manifest in the mirror engine . "
tr	NNS	Things will straighten themselves out eventually . "
tr	NN	So , during their planetary missions , the explorers had disguised their physical differences with the matter altering abilities of the cloak to transform their appearance .
tr	NN	Our grandparents were dead now and the only thing to remember them by was the lake property and the twelve rental cabins my pa had inherited .
tr	NN	But then the crimson haze faded and the road and houses swam back into focus .
tr	NN	And the dimming of the star only takes place once the lips occlude the disk of the star .
tr	NNS	Our actions are evil , but we are not .
tr	NN	The audience chuckled and a few of the Elders in the far back began shushing .
tr	NNS	" Some immortals wait centuries to find one , and some never find one at all . "
tr	NNS	Reyes was panting as he raced toward Lucien 's room .
tr	NNS	Classes don 't start for another day .
tr	NN	The hulking Legend in blue continued , " This is a great honor .
tr	NN	A student displayed her final drawing .
tr	NNS	Several flags lay torn on the ground .
tr	NNS	There were two unoccupied seats , and the siblings assumed the seats to be theirs .
tr	NNS	Because all those facts applied to Charlie , too .
tr	NNS	The calluses along the pads of his finger rasped an added pleasure with each stroke , touch , plucking .
tr	NNS	Her worries about Mike and Julie 's safety had only intensified during the night .
tr	NNS	Things are happening here .
tr	NNS	" The rats fight well in close range .
tr	NNS	Things were difficult enough .
tr	NN	The priest took it upon himself to add the address and phone number of the church and added his name and a brief note to the end .
tr	NNS	Girls learned how to cook and bake and do laundry , and also to tend to the gardens and help harvest olives and grapes .
tr	NNS	White Court vamps can pass for human easily , if they want . "
tr	NNS	One spark and this entire building will blow .
tr	NN	The freighter slowly approached the dock and started its swing into position .
tr	NN	There was no car crash .
tr	NN	Martina and Andy rose to fire , and then I was sure , the other commando was on the ground .
tr	NN	The ploy was both obvious and futile .
tr	NN	" There 's the cougar .
tr	NNS	My fingernails dug into the sculpted flesh of his back and my teeth bit into the hard muscle of his chest .
tr	NN	After a few circuits of the room , the squirrel noticed and ran out .
tr	NNS	Others were white and solid as bleached bones .
tr	NNS	But her grandparents obviously did .
tr	NN	My reward is that I 'll have a husband I love who loves me .
tr	NN	The Assembly has all but decided to accept him as their emperor , and it appears that he 'll let Penrod rule as a subject king .
tr	NN	A cipher lock on the fence , another into the hangar , then a third lock would lead them out onto the flight line .
tr	NNS	These days , their differences were just as pronounced .
tr	NN	Her h * ps were large , and she had a rounded stomach .
tr	NN	" The great-grandmother has become quite as old as the hills . "
tr	NN	The solicitor landed on his back on the bottom of the stairwell and groaned .
tr	NNS	Words cannot express the depth of my surrender , nor the breadth of the music 's power .
tr	NNS	The door slams closed .
tr	NNS	My guesses rarely hit the target .
tr	NNS	There were large bright garden paintings by Collette D. throughout the house , rather tame and predictable , perhaps , but brilliantly colorful and comforting and sweet .
tr	NN	The rustle and swish of branches causes me to grip the hilt of my sword .
tr	NNS	Looks like he had and did .
tr	NN	The growl sounded like " Get out . "
tr	NNS	The gnomes had deserted .
tr	NN	Reality appeared to have lost its hard definitions , each thing energetically blurring into the next .
tr	NNS	Nicodemus puffed on the pipe and regarded my bonds .
tr	NN	Not all Masters are fortunate enough to have relationships like I did with Peter .
tr	NNS	" Being pirates does not make us bloodthirsty barbarians !
tr	NN	There was a great roar of objection and I frowned , unsure of where he was going .
tr	NNS	The mattress squeaks as Seth gets up from the bed and steps into my line of vision .
tr	NN	The environment was safe from any contamination from Martin .
tr	NN	A trickle of precious air slid down his throat .
tr	NN	However , the moment Stu came off stage something so unexpected happened his emotions transformed .
tr	NN	Given its leave , a creation will usually come to despise its creator .
tr	NNS	Alexis started to cry .
tr	NN	Their agenda : think up ways to continue the lie .
tr	NN	If nothing else , the sergeant had said that the class leaders were in prime position to be selected for the actual Legion .
tr	NN	Here and there steam hissed from them .
tr	NN	The giggle resounded again .
tr	NNS	My suspicions proved groundless , my accusations now seemed foolish .
tr	NNS	Suddenly , footsteps joined his in the muted silence .
tr	NN	" No bacon needed . "
tr	NN	The tease is there in my voice , but I can 't stop the sweep of the place .
tr	NNS	There are some serious consequences to that move , have you really thought all this through ? "
tr	NNS	My eyelids moved , but did not open .
tr	NN	The lamp had been lit , but I was alone , save for Maria , who appeared in the doorway holding a plate .
tr	NNS	Coincidentally , his actions caused the skeleton to hug him .
tr	NN	Both unwittingly smiled and blushed .
tr	NN	My laptop broke last week and I desperately needed one and at this moment it was the most apt present possible .
tr	NN	The mirthful condition persisted long enough to make Jason feel awkward .
tr	NN	She saw the wildness in his eyes , a hunger like she 'd never seen before .
tr	NN	My hands tremble and my throat is sandpaper .
tr	NN	The water elemental drew in short , ragged breaths , her exhalations turning to frost given how cold the air was from my blast of magic .
tr	NNS	Others whispered that Seguin had married the girl to spite Beth when he had found out that she had married another .
tr	NNS	Once this scandal breaks , the media will go into a feeding frenzy , which means the paparazzi dogging your every move .
tr	NN	The kindness of another woman had been something lacking on The Reliance , and now Kira felt some of her loneliness abate .
tr	NN	" Well , crisis averted .
tr	NN	Even though his features were angry , there was a glint of humor in his black eyes .
tr	NNS	The many colors of the sunset lit the sky .
tr	NN	Scattered applause met his announcement but also a few sad cries .
tr	NNS	The bright colors are merely a backdrop for an enormous black tree , the obvious focal point .
tr	NNS	Visible signs of Edson 's relief are only detectable to one who has trained him .
tr	NN	Jazz moved around her , grabbed Borden under the arms and heaved him out of the van onto the sidewalk .
tr	NN	" Yes , like attack a neighbor 's livestock .
tr	NNS	The huge , lacy petals were just beginning to fold shut , enclosing their prey .
tr	NNS	The Northern Lights were still active this far south and provided enough light for them to make their way toward town .
tr	NN	So , the coven wanted to be brought up to date .
tr	NNS	Things were different now .
tr	NNS	More sirens were cutting up the night .
tr	NN	A soft growl of menace rumbled deep in his throat .
tr	NN	And when they were finally defeated , the Empire would torture and kill them all .
tr	NNS	" Yeah , these old planes have their problems , but we 're okay .
tr	NN	Our goddess , however , has now requested that no priestess be allowed to ask her if you can come in to see her . "
tr	NN	As soon as I read it , my pulse quickens to the point that it knocks the breath out of me .
tr	NNS	Heavy footsteps fell in the hallway and the old terror Jackson 's presence instilled wrapped around her heart .
tr	NNS	The front gates stand open , and I can see the tunnel within , the closed doors at the far end .
tr	NN	Terror tore through Cassie .
tr	NN	The oracle , ragged , dusty and as brittle as old newspaper , turned the hollow pits of her eyes on me and didn 't look away .
tr	NN	The schedule confirms it , C14 Government .
tr	NNS	More shots rang out at us and we continued to fire at them until the front door opened , his mansion in flames .
tr	NN	The intern lost sight of him .
tr	NN	She should have stopped him , called a halt at that very moment .
tr	NNS	Moses jumped to his feet , too upset to stay seated .
tr	NNS	At dawn the horns sounded , and within an hour they took the road again .
tr	NN	When 's your birthday ? "
tr	NN	Amazingly , the tense standoff occurring in Manhattan seemed to be dissipating as the news had traveled at lightning speed .
tr	NN	That half-smile emerged and her heart drew into a tight knot of something she really didn 't want to think about .
tr	NNS	The burgundy tapestry seats attached to a paneled wall on one side and were hidden from the main dining area by sheer curtains on the other side .
tr	NNS	Over the years the vampire myths had grown and become legends .
tr	NNS	Tiny slivers of glass fell like rain to the carpet .
tr	NN	I also just fucking missed her .
tr	NN	He then places his hands on top of my thighs , there 's a slight tremble in his fingers .
tr	NNS	Our footsteps echoed on the gleaming floorboards as we walked .
tr	NNS	" Broken bits of loose-leaf tea , " he said .
tr	NN	Before she could say anything else , her caller had hung up .
tr	NNS	Jaxon followed the instructions Gabriel had given her , took the images from his mind .
tr	NN	After a few seconds of exquisite silence , the metal spider begins its bounding journey down the crater wall .
tr	NN	All the misery of the past weeks congealed inside her , and she felt herself splintering inside .
tr	NN	" His charisma leaks out whether he 's writing or talking .
tr	NN	The mountain didn 't care about the petty affairs of humans .
tr	NNS	Both letters I 've read made me weep in their own way .
tr	NNS	Images of Vincent 's profile invaded my mind .
tr	NNS	" You were correct , your mating skills are well developed " he told the girl .
tr	NN	Kevin teacher stopped bug-eyed , his mouth half-open , thinking this was some sort of trick , and bent down to look at Chewy in the face .
tr	NN	The thorns bled me , spattered the white gown with blood , the snow covered in minute crimson drops .
tr	NN	" The miracle happened on a day when there weren 't so many people there .
tr	NNS	" Not intricate enough , " al ' Thor said , turning away from her .
tr	NN	A college degree declares to the world you are intelligent , dedicated , and steadfast in your commitment to achieve a better life .
tr	NNS	The luxurious suites of those premier hotels had housed dignitaries from the wealthiest and most influential nations .
tr	NN	A growl rose from Rio 's throat , and it took everything he had not to lunge at the man he 'd once called friend .
tr	NN	The TV was on and he was flipping through the re-runs .
tr	NNS	Werewolves had nothing like it .
tr	NN	I looked around for a place to hide , my eyes landing on the door to what Susan said was where the water heater and stuff was .
tr	NNS	The villagers say they are collected along the shoreline , tumbled smooth by sea and sand . "
tr	NN	The pitcher looked in at his catcher , shook his head , and then shook it again .
tr	NN	Instead , adrenaline raced through my veins faster than even my beloved car could take a highway .
tr	NN	" There they are , " discovered the old cowboy .
tr	NNS	As he stared at them , nonplussed by the strange phenomenon , the cats seemed to turn to stare back , fixing glowing eyes on him .
tr	NNS	Glass vials flew in every direction and shattered on the floor , cascading glass and miscellaneous fluids all over the white tiles .
tr	NNS	Not the kind poets have fun with .
tr	NN	The whale surfaced on cue .
tr	NN	Most folk in the village played some silly game with strangers on occasion , but she couldn 't be bothered .
tr	NN	A flutter of shame passed over Brynn 's eyes .
tr	NN	Of course the phoenix did .
tr	NN	The gentleman with her caught her , so smoothly no one but Fellows and Daniel saw the near fall .
tr	NNS	Looking around the car , there are no signs of the accident .
tr	NNS	All the functions that made her home life so much fun and familiar ended when he moved out .
tr	NN	Anyway , as I said , the sheriff came and took away his gun .
tr	NNS	Their bites were rarely fatal , but I 'd heard many tall tales of horrible deaths .
tr	NN	Her astonishment and questioning quickly returns me to reality .
tr	NN	The giggle had become persistent , drifting from at least three different locations in the apartment .
tr	NNS	Cars are not your forte . "
tr	NNS	Nameless , faceless , disposable .
tr	NN	The self-appointed leader , Monte yelled by way of starting the conversation .
tr	NN	The lieutenant ended the stalemate with a motion to the guard who was standing off to the side .
tr	NNS	His fingernails scraped the sensitive area where my thighs sloped into my rear , before he filled his palms and ground us together .
tr	NNS	The mattress creaked and dipped on the other side from Lucas 's weight , and she realized they 'd never slept together as husband and wife .
tr	NN	" There is always an explanation , usually somebody 's imagination . "
tr	NNS	All the strings sounded fine apart from the A string .
tr	NN	If they 've changed their mind , the valet will bring it down and place it with your items for pick up .
tr	NN	" I need security , " the elf said , but I couldn 't tell who he was talking to .
tr	NNS	the younger cousins shouted .
tr	NNS	Others wandered into the living room , their eyes locked onto the screen .
tr	NNS	The creatures surged towards him in uncountable numbers .
tr	NNS	My footsteps were silent , and I moved without detection despite the baby I carried .
tr	NNS	Lights cut through the darkness , blinking , blaring .
tr	NNS	Looks back up at me .
tr	NNS	Cully gave another shove and Ben responded by moving toward him , his hackles now raised .
tr	NNS	There were wisps of black smoke in the cabin , but not much .
tr	NNS	Shadowhunters were beginning to go through the Portal , guided by Jia .
tr	NN	Her Grandmother was getting worse and there was nothing she could do to stop anything .
tr	NN	The smells in the forest were beyond all that he had ever conceived .
tr	NNS	Funny how deceiving appearances could be .
tr	NNS	His actions confused her , but she did as he said .
tr	NNS	At first , the changes were a little unstable and there were practical issues that needed to be considered .
tr	NNS	The drums rolled again , and then settled into a heavy beat which hung in the air , stifling as thunder .
tr	NNS	Her tan sandals were mud black .
tr	NNS	The fat drops were sparse at first .
tr	NN	" My grandmother Edna grows roses .
tr	NNS	Chapter Five Things moved quickly after that .
tr	NN	The pilot came on over the intercom .
tr	NNS	" Anyone remotely associated with you has heard of Sebastian Costas . "
tr	NN	The winch shrieked and groaned , wood against rope against metal .
tr	NN	" Maybe the pilot did , too . "
tr	NNS	Their colors will match , though .
tr	NNS	Things he needed to sort out .
tr	NNS	Four emails in total between Kacey and a guy named Harry Tanner , property manager of an apartment building in Miami , Florida .
tr	NNS	Their buddies in the U-Haul would pick them up in a few minutes .
tr	NNS	And her reading materials certainly didn 't fit with the flighty , aimless image she projected .
tr	NN	The pretty blonde stood a dozen rows ahead of me on the airplane , her nearly identical picture burning a hole in my back pocket .
tr	NN	The medical scanner kept beeping .
tr	NN	Part of her hoped the other man had lived .
tr	NNS	The marble floors sparkled in the light pouring in from the windows and I found my mother sitting in a cushioned seat by the back terrace .
tr	NNS	Better facilities , a wider choice of subjects , better teachers in some of them . '
tr	NN	In one corner there was a handwoven rug and a few wooden bowls .
tr	NN	Then chaos broke out and more or less the play was over because of Pete 's little gambling episode .
tr	NNS	Things could have been worse . "
tr	NNS	In the end , only a few experiments started , but they were interrupted after some years , at the first signs of economic crisis .
tr	NN	Below , there was another demonic shriek , and the sound of wrenching metal .
tr	NNS	Three young attendants followed , holding the trailing ends of the purple garment .
tr	NNS	And fisher cats , hawks , owls ... " I recited the list of predators in the area .
tr	NN	A low growl trickled from his throat .
tr	NN	Beside her Benny remained motionless .
tr	NN	When he walked in the door , the coroner , Helen Chuan , a petite , attractive woman , was waiting for him .
tr	NNS	The recruits stood in two rows facing each other .
tr	NN	The muscular hunter wore a constant face of irritation .
tr	NNS	Anyway , the gates only show now to someone of godly descent . "
tr	NN	Summer 's grandmother was saying something about romantic love stories and long-lost high school sweethearts , but Vicki could barely keep track of it .
tr	NN	The dwarf cursed and hopped around , howling with pain .
tr	NN	The priest stops her as she stands .
tr	NNS	Things sometimes surface , but there 's no obvious pattern . '
tr	NN	For centuries , my twin had been fighting for me to fulfill my destiny .
tr	NN	The anonymity of the hotel is probably a good thing . "
tr	NN	There was a slight hesitation .
tr	NNS	Things were better this way .
tr	NNS	Even the ladies joined the men in a brandy before retiring and the ladies made their exits , first .
tr	NN	There was also a spark to his eyes , as if he enjoyed seeing her hands bound , standing before him on trial .
tr	NNS	His scales had flaked off in large chunks , and cantankerous boils dappled his raw flesh beneath .
tr	NN	Seconds later the tall chestnut was making up for lost ground , but not with ease .
tr	NNS	The sealed containers spilled onto the floor in front of Dr. Evermore .
tr	NNS	The stakes are colossal . "
tr	NNS	All at once his edges and angles sharpened .
tr	NNS	Your grandparents came to me for help with their estate after what happened .
tr	NNS	Her red locks fly across her face as she looks around to make sure no one is eavesdropping .
tr	NN	She leaned down , traced his nipple with her tongue .
tr	NNS	Its footprints had disappeared as though they had never been .
tr	NN	The commander moves in close and brushes the dust from the display 's surface .
tr	NNS	Delighted , the visitors laughed .
tr	NN	The veil was doing its job well .
tr	NN	Her pulse thundered in her ears as he slowly , carefully sank himself deep inside her welcoming body .
tr	NN	When he began , theory into any practical use of technology such as that was still fairly minimal .
tr	NNS	The mental images were more vivid , the sounds more vibrant , the overall psychic impact more powerful .
tr	NNS	There were jewels , letters , documents .
tr	NN	" The puppet master really doesn 't want you around . "
tr	NN	At the counter , Poison is just finishing his order .
tr	NN	" The letter Danvers handed to you right after we were wed ? "
tr	NN	A black dwarf , he thought .
tr	NN	" Yes , please , " said his supervisor with a sigh .
tr	NNS	There are no credits .
tr	NN	A light sheen of sweat slicked his torso , sealing their bodies together .
tr	NNS	Hands sweating through his fingerless gloves .
tr	NNS	Avery twists open her bottle , and we pass it around the circle , each pouring a little out .
tr	NN	There was general applause .
tr	NNS	Two suns cannot co-exist forever .
tr	NN	Every instinct in me screamed not to listen to him .
tr	NNS	" In Trig , the three functions are Sine , Tangent , and Cosine for the belles .
tr	NN	The stack of papers all seemed to be school-related , soccer meet schedules , class schedules .
tr	NN	This ritual had met with unerring success on all previous occasions and I had been reasonably optimistic that these small steps for mankind would end similarly victorious .
tr	NNS	Her solutions are childish , but her emotions are fervent .
tr	NN	This terminal is not going to work for us .
tr	NN	' Well , y ' gran says paper were expensive way back then .
tr	NN	A quiet sob escaped me when he took his thumb and gently wiped away my tears .
tr	NNS	The possibilities were limitless and that awareness excited her .
tr	NNS	The members of the Council weren 't the only one that wore hoods .
tr	NN	Right of the foyer , there was a wide grand staircase with a black iron railing that twisted around half the room .
tr	NN	Who is this tenant of yours ? "
tr	NN	A sinking dread stabbed through my stomach .
tr	NNS	The conscience dancers swirled in sync with each other despite their separate cages as the masked man in the middle sent out beats to move them .
tr	NN	More sparks glittered , fell , shimmered into nothingness .
tr	NN	Stratton 's chuckle faded as they came onto the mechanics of just where and when he 'd be able to get a written report to Jac .
tr	NN	Love for her threatened to overwhelm me .
tr	NNS	Several fans blowing cold air hummed .
tr	NNS	Soft sobs made her breath uneven .
tr	NNS	Hands tried to pry his staff from his fingers .
tr	NNS	Well , the objections I 'd raised about making this a gambling planet and open to space travel had certainly come home to roost .
tr	NNS	The pirates continued on until they reached the elevator that had just brought Ed to their floor .
tr	NNS	Bugs had feared the idea may backfire , and the fans would harbor ill will over the deception .
tr	NN	" A bit extreme of you to pretend you want to marry me . "
tr	NNS	There were cameras along the lobby , cameras in the hallways and cameras in the elevator .
tr	NN	Since the war , the festival has been the same every year .
tr	NN	" My grandmother , do you know where she is , as well ? "
tr	NN	The compromise would be the first victim , he thought , and the scientist would be certain to retaliate immediately .
tr	NN	The powerful leopard sure didn 't look like a baby .
tr	NNS	There was another long , exhausting , and drawn-out push .
tr	NNS	The hallways are much roomier than at other hotels I 've stayed at with my mom .
tr	NNS	The sheer levels of Power that were attained were beyond all conventional means of magical measurement .
tr	NN	A final click indicated that it had completed its first rotation of the day .
tr	NN	A tremor surged through my body and colors popped into my vision as bright as I 'd ever seen , but I really wasn 't paying attention .
tr	NNS	The footsteps go up to it and come back . "
tr	NNS	My thumbs ran just under her eyes , brushing away her tears .
tr	NNS	From elsewhere in the building came distant crashes and the thud of approaching footsteps as other police officers raced towards the noise of the gunfight .
tr	NNS	There were only two main highways , and she hadn 't moved far enough , fast enough .
tr	NN	There 's a market for it , but that 's not my bag . "
tr	NN	To prove her point , her h * ps slid down mine again .
tr	NNS	Images of boardwalks and tacky shops filled her mind .
tr	NN	A prickle of wariness tickled my neck .
tr	NNS	Others had the names of pubs listed .
tr	NN	The deep chuckle made her grit her teeth .
tr	NN	There wasn 't even the novelty of new , as the area was close to where she had grown up .
tr	NNS	These nations have warships that possess sophisticated sensors that can detect incoming enemies at long range .
tr	NN	So does the itch to meet her .
tr	NN	Though Belinda didn 't recognize the phone number , there was no mistaking whom the text was from .
tr	NNS	The Hall was full of Shadowhunters , more Shadowhunters than Clary had ever seen in one place before , even on the night of Valentine 's attack .
tr	NN	So what value is he ? '
tr	NN	The delivery of the flowers seemed so long ago I 'd forgotten about it completely .
tr	NNS	His movements carefully controlled , he shrugged off his unbuttoned shirt and unbuckled his belt , letting his trousers fall to the floor .
tr	NN	So , the hawk has flown from his nest .
tr	NN	The hermit stopped outside the closed door at the top , opened it and stepped aside , candle in hand .
tr	NN	The werewolf towered above the vampires .
tr	NN	His Highland accent rang through .
tr	NNS	Without Joanne , there were three other perfect candidates .
tr	NN	" Your chariot awaits . "
tr	NN	" Because of all the murders , " my grandmother said .
tr	NN	The leader descended from the platform and moved forward through the crowd , his sickly eyes scanning my face as if reading something on it .
tr	NNS	The mercenaries acquired the helicopters and Jeeps .
tr	NN	Just some small acknowledgment that I was pretty or at least female would 've been nice . "
tr	NNS	Werewolves , for the most part , exist from dusk to dawn .
tr	NNS	At home , streetlights , car headlights , and the occasional flashing fire truck shone in the tiny window of his bedroom .
tr	NNS	Soft ripples from the current rock Kai back and forth .
tr	NN	Did Violet real y go with him wil ingly , or had she simply been bewildered after her transformation ?
tr	NN	According to our information , your organization currently holds one of the coveted fragments of Damiano 's Disk .
tr	NNS	Looks like I 'm finally in business . "
tr	NN	A squat solid looking dwarf dragging a horse and a bundle laden mule appeared from behind the bole of a large tree a few paces off .
tr	NN	An American captain was losing his wife in childbirth . "
tr	NNS	Marius looked out over the water , at the tiny boats speeding towards the harbor to the south .
tr	NNS	My chances of getting out of this are dropping by the minute .
tr	NN	His fur was all on end , as if in fright .
tr	NN	A flutter of response tickled through my entire body as he moved further down to my breasts .
tr	NNS	Things are different now . "
tr	NNS	Their minds are as vacant as the minds of mushrooms . "
tr	NN	His foe looked up and their eyes met .
tr	NN	The bruise on the other woman 's face had turned into a split lip .
tr	NNS	Girls love funny guys ( unless they have a heart of stone ) .
tr	NN	The chant rattled through my head .
tr	NNS	The wide jaws clamped onto the end of the Pelican 's wing , plucking its feathers .
tr	NN	Morning , however , was painful .
tr	NN	" The equipment I need for my work is much too expensive , and for that matter , enormous , to use at home .
tr	NN	The sweater landed directly in the washing machine .
tr	NNS	Her previous dresses had usually been overflowing with embroidering that had taken a handful of women nearly a year to complete .
tr	NN	No , her guilt had more to do with the fact that she 'd willingly returned for dinner with Travis .
tr	NNS	Lots of people were just there to study too , including Julia and Kristin .
tr	NN	The captain let a string of swear words fly from the bridge .
tr	NN	Her belly tightened involuntarily , shooting a wave of heat over her skin , until even her toes felt hot .
tr	NN	The warrior glanced over and his aqua eyes flashed with intensity .
tr	NN	The bastard had his arm wrapped around Hallie 's neck .
tr	NN	The mayor was tall and wide , but not muscular .
tr	NNS	The spotlights were scanning everywhere .
tr	NNS	Waves of sensation lapped her .
tr	NN	There was no censure in his voice , only mild amusement .
tr	NN	The gas expands continuously as outside pressure diminishes . "
tr	NN	Her lack of enthusiasm surprised Julian and somehow pleased him at the same time .
tr	NN	The raven stirred , glaring with yellow eyes at the approaching figure , flapping its wings in warning .
tr	NN	" His lordship 's library .
tr	NN	If it 's a human problem , the police wil deal with it .
tr	NN	The trailer 's full . "
tr	NN	A young dragon with floppy ears and an expression of mildly concussed good humour blinked at him .
tr	NNS	Our ancestors in the stars told us to build many fires for the man in the capsule , high above the Earth .
tr	NNS	Well , these emails are very strange .
tr	NN	Hector 's elegant script scrolled to the very last page , even covering mid-way down the backside .
tr	NNS	Their deaths were at my hand .
tr	NNS	There were never more than three wolves at a time .
tr	NN	The sports bra she wore beneath it soon followed suit , leaving her breasts bared to Royce 's view .
tr	NN	The principal gestured to the two empty chairs across from them .
tr	NNS	Hephaestus was holding the metal tube as still as possible while Zeus gingerly packed in more explosives .
tr	NN	Buildings would fall , chaos would ensue . "
tr	NN	There was no gunfire , poison darts , or rolling boulder to crush me .
tr	NN	The sheriff sighed , adjusting his bulk .
tr	NN	There is more wisdom in the head of a lumpen than you will find in all the libraries of the world . "
tr	NN	Immediately her ire faded to concern , and her eyes widened .
tr	NN	No offense , Vinnie , " I said to him , just because he happened to be in the room and often sided with me .
tr	NNS	Alexis dunked Rachel for 30 seconds .
tr	NN	The ice shield was a complex matrix of frozen hydrogen and water .
tr	NNS	Her job credentials allowed her to bypass security but the difficulty would be to pass through first class and thus right pass Garcia without him noticing her .
tr	NNS	But the characters were dumb enough to ask for something interesting , so they are going to have to wade through it before they get there .
tr	NN	Her bra was in the way .
tr	NN	For him , balance was important and the weekend was the time for relaxation , family and friends .
tr	NN	The inspector ran his hand through his hair .
tr	NN	The click that came when they adhered together was clearly audible .
tr	NNS	Girls who were invisible didn 't have to answer people 's questions or make painful explanations .
tr	NNS	The cold dampness makes my joints ache incessantly .
tr	NNS	Soldiers would soon follow .
tr	NNS	The roads were winding out here , and she felt disoriented in the darkness .
tr	NNS	Erebus is the region in the underworld where the dead first go when they pass .
tr	NN	A hangover will do that .
tr	NN	No dragon can resist the fascination of riddling talk and of wasting time trying to understand it .
tr	NN	What flesh remained to them was sunken and black , but beyond that , their clothing was the only part of them that hadn 't rotten away .
tr	NN	And no offense , but you come off as way more worldly than I. On your looks alone you could have your pick . "
tr	NN	" You are in a strategically weak position by every possible perception , your only option is to lie down and die . "
tr	NN	" Jazz , wait .
tr	NN	Then his boot smashed down and ground the bug into oblivion .
tr	NNS	And the tiles were so hot .
tr	NN	The lightning was fast and powerful and it was everywhere .
tr	NN	If taught well by the end of the twelfth year , a young adult should emerge with all the necessary skills to take their place in society .
tr	NNS	The cats went for it .
tr	NN	The dragon roared with triumph at the smell of her wounds and snapped at her with his razor-sharp teeth .
tr	NNS	Your deaths are your own business .
tr	NN	A baseball lingerie set with a pin striped top that ties in the front and a matching garter belt with a buckle belt .
tr	NNS	Bright splashes of red at its chest and abdomen , surrounded by shades of orange fading to a perimeter of glowing yellow .
tr	NN	His mother-in-law had obviously gone to a lot of trouble with this brunch .
tr	NNS	His footsteps pounded in his ears as he followed the trail of the soft voice that lingered on the wind .
tr	NN	The devilish glint had faded from his eyes .
tr	NN	Then the author began to get to grips with their material : Where " s my cow ?
tr	NN	A glint of light near the dresser caught his attention .
tr	NNS	Dahlia 's fingernails bit deeply into her palm .
tr	NNS	At one time , the contents of this building would have represented a huge investment , but now they were little more than worthless .
tr	NNS	Things like that , aside from his deadly protective skills , were why I liked having him along .
tr	NNS	The calluses should not have ignited a fire in her blood , but they did .
tr	NNS	Gramps is so cool .
tr	NNS	Muscles inside me began to twitch uncontrollably and I silently begged him permission to come .
tr	NN	The woman 's struggles sent Cortez and Shelby crashing to the floor with her .
tr	NNS	All the same , those dog-eared documents from a time so close to his parents ' deaths brought phantom whispers of deep laughter and lilac cologne .
tr	NN	" There 's one prophecy I had years ago that I nearly forgot . "
tr	NN	A large snake with fur sticking out from underneath sickly green scales and the long , multipoint antlers usually only seen on deer .
tr	NN	A particularly credible witness could set the conflicting stories straight . "
tr	NN	The page went white , and then reloaded .
tr	NNS	Like the fae 's , mermaids had the ability to charm people so they fell to their knees at their feet .
tr	NNS	The three apprentices looked at their seniors .
tr	NNS	Despite not knowing him or being able to see him , my instincts tell me he is not bad , nor is he deceptive in nature .
tr	NNS	Charlotte sat in the darkened room , the drapes pulled against the brightness of the sun , waiting for Jason .
tr	NN	But the loss of me cart -- and me hoss -- is worse for me than his loss is for him . '
tr	NNS	The song 's images remained clear .
tr	NNS	When we arrived , the grandparents were waiting for us .
tr	NN	The redhead was seriously leaning too close to her as the guy tried to give her a drink .
tr	NN	The bundle didn 't stir , but a cat sitting by its side paused in her bath to watch Sam with glowing eyes .
tr	NNS	The images flicked back and forth .
tr	NNS	Thoughts swirled in my mind like creamer in coffee .
tr	NNS	Things are still crazy , und we 'd be foolish to make any decision based on our current situation .
tr	NNS	His kisses were that good .
tr	NN	Sweet Dove had kept him in a weakened state .
tr	NN	The dragon shot out a blast of fire from her nostrils .
tr	NN	" The random factor is a function of an overall rational pattern .
tr	NN	The publisher brought Dark Lake out by surprise , two months after Finer 's biography hit the shelves .
tr	NNS	The shoulder edges of his regal robes shot out like spikes on a wall .
tr	NNS	Yeah , cousins , first cousins , haven 't seen you since you were carted away to foster care though . "
tr	NN	But the routine never varies .
tr	NN	My daddy buys me presents all the time . "
tr	NNS	Upstairs , perhaps , ordinary life was going on ; down here , it was eerily quiet .
tr	NNS	Things were not going to be different for me here .
tr	NNS	The risks were high .
tr	NN	The new Death hesitated .
tr	NN	The leader seemed to be everywhere at the same time and never missed the important breakthroughs of their community .
tr	NNS	There were many rumours that the planet was a burnt-out husk of radiation . "
tr	NNS	Smells like someone lost a lot of blood . "
tr	NNS	Looks like we 're a little light on guards . "
tr	NN	A shriek of wind rattled the boards holding the storm at bay .
tr	NNS	Most major banks have become so entangled with the financial markets that even regulators are hard pressed to make distinctions .
tr	NN	Part of me missed the island , but I was happy to be gone .
tr	NNS	Being extra destructive always impresses the locals .
tr	NN	The other explanation was less pleasant .
tr	NN	But equality required trust and she didn 't know him well enough to have that kind of faith .
tr	NNS	The burns still marring his skin had not helped his energy level either .
tr	NN	The Assembly was a different beast entirely .
tr	NN	" Your birthday in particular , " he 'd always say to me .
tr	NN	The goddess stared at me with her twilight eyes .
tr	NN	Even a radical surgery would be better than this ... nothing .
tr	NN	The envoy then again requested permission for the release of those of the Forest but the King 's advisers would have none of it .
tr	NN	The hunt was too old and already too costly to be abandoned easily on the whim of higher command .
tr	NNS	Numerous governments are talking of travel restrictions and detention centers .
tr	NN	" My favourite book ? "
tr	NN	Her passenger , another cute girl , eyed me over the top of her sunglasses , smiled , and then said , " Hot driver ! "
tr	NNS	The chains wrapped her leg when she let go of the ground , floating , while the chains held her .
tr	NN	The runner saluted and pelted away .
tr	NNS	But , in the past , such actions have been ... frowned upon , let 's just say . "
tr	NN	Every inch of me was pulsing with the need to move closer .
tr	NNS	The daggers and gun were no longer visible , but I knew he still had them on him .
tr	NNS	Several shoppers joined Stu in applause .
tr	NN	Vimes didn " t need to read it any more .
tr	NN	The Hawaii resort had never crossed my mind .
tr	NN	The totally unexpected demand and the violent feeling in his voice knocked the breath out of Tammy .
tr	NN	The merest wisp of a curl of smoke rose like incense toward the ceiling .
tr	NNS	Emma held her breath as the woman shuffled around the office , her footsteps muffled by the industrial carpeting .
tr	NNS	Our employers have a habit of dying off on us . "
tr	NNS	All the presses and conveyors were working for a change .
tr	NNS	' As my Lord is well aware , goblins seldom leave their females and young behind when they go on hunting trips or even on raids .
tr	NNS	" There weren 't any signs of a struggle .
tr	NNS	All characters are fictional , with the exception of several named historical figures who play no prominent role in the story .
tr	NNS	The newest vampire lay still with his eyes wide open , pupils dilated , blood coming out of his mouth .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , the textbooks were still there .
tr	NN	the team leader ordered his men .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of Bethany suffused me ; her smell engulfed me as her melodious laughter drifted through my mind .
tr	NNS	" Very small , " she levels a gaze at me .
tr	NN	' The bitch is dead . '
tr	NN	There was a scratch across her cheek .
tr	NN	" We 're on auxiliary power , " the colonel interrupted .
tr	NNS	" ID cards , " Martina yelled back to us .
tr	NNS	Her fielding skills were better than her batting but at least she didn 't embarrass herself too often .
tr	NN	Horror , anger and fear suddenly pulsed from her .
tr	NNS	Now the ghosts had faces .
tr	NN	Her voice was lower , its melodic rustle twining around him with its own invisible pull .
tr	NNS	Two large wolves shove their full weight against it .
tr	NN	A neighbor across the street came out to see what was going on ; no doubt she 'd spotted the cop car .
tr	NNS	And my instincts tell me there was a serious boyfriend in your past . "
tr	NN	The stretching helped him wake up , and then he found himself following Wounded Eagle toward the stream .
tr	NN	Ferry placed the glass carefully on the deck beside his seat .
tr	NNS	There was something embedded , some kind of organic material .
tr	NN	A thin mushroom of choking smoke was forming at the ceiling .
tr	NNS	The two lovers lay under the sheets in William 's bed .
tr	NN	It real y was Damon .
tr	NN	Well , the local population certainly didn , t agree .
tr	NNS	Things will be better once we 're both settled at work .
tr	NNS	Meredith 's car dips and bumps as we slowly make our way over the potholes .
tr	NN	Joshua condition was even more severe than Justin 's and it was more noticeable .
tr	NN	The final surgery on his eyes was over , and he was in Recovery .
tr	NN	A thick yeasty crust and distinctive mix of cheeses made their pizza one of a kind .
tr	NNS	Others can remain stored in the boys ' room .
tr	NNS	" Your repeated offers do not offend her - and her repeated rejections do not offend you ? "
tr	NNS	The possibilities swirl around me .
tr	NN	The slain dragon fell to the ground like a huge rock .
tr	NN	A snort came out of his nose .
tr	NN	This frog had a potent neurotoxin engineered into the glandular structure of its skin .
tr	NN	Christopher 's regard jumped all over the room , skidding from one indistinct face to the next .
tr	NN	The feline was safe from the mist , her invulnerability protecting her .
tr	NN	My grandmother loaned me her car to drive over to Alice 's house .
tr	NNS	The jewels were real , and were sapphires .
tr	NN	The trio eventually arrived at the private area of the space port where people kept their own ships .
tr	NNS	The changes that nobody has any say over .
tr	NN	Had his follower given up the chase ?
tr	NNS	The servants made a fire and set up tents .
tr	NN	His routine was to leave for any appointment well before he was due to arrive .
tr	NN	The burial was even more of an ordeal .
tr	NNS	" And werewolves are what ?
tr	NN	That hatred rushed over me as chills , an internal warning flare .
tr	NN	The gang leader crumbled beneath my shoes , but I had my hold and pulled myself over .
tr	NNS	Others would retract if they touched other cells .
tr	NNS	Chills break out and shoot up my leg , straight into my panties .
tr	NN	" A most honorable sentiment , my dear , and I fully applaud your generous nature .
tr	NNS	The natural resources of Earth have grown scarce and I believe that the humans of Earth will benefit greatly from our advanced technological resources .
tr	NNS	Delores tipped her head at me .
tr	NN	The villa meant the world to him .
tr	NN	A hairdresser came in along with a woman to do my make-up .
tr	NN	The dwarfs find it .
tr	NNS	The news media will not laugh at McKie .
tr	NNS	The blasts were a single deafening roar .
tr	NN	" Nobody knows -- -- " he started , but a cough stopped him .
tr	NNS	The bulbs lasted forever and didn 't use much electricity , but the upfront installation costs were more than five times higher than banks of fluorescents .
tr	NNS	Gramps interrupted before giving Gran a nod .
tr	NNS	Words and sounds took on a life of their own for me .
tr	NNS	Tall brown reeds grow along the river , with small tufts of green spiking from the stalks .
tr	NNS	They don 't exist , only the solutions do . "
tr	NNS	Small spotlights swiveled and flashed from their mounts atop bookcases and cabinets to paint the crowd in a rainbow of bright colors .
tr	NN	His Uncle put on his jacket .
tr	NNS	" There are risks to any launch , " Annie said , " but we don 't anticipate problems .
tr	NNS	There were crashes all around them , as shelves were overturned and the doors on a storage cupboard were wrenched open .
tr	NN	" You are not up today , " the secretary answered imperiously .
tr	NNS	Erebus opened the gate , crouched down , and extended one hand beyond the Chambers boundary .
tr	NN	Wow , his honesty humbled her .
tr	NN	Last sheriff , they made three attempts on his life .
tr	NNS	Maks thought of objecting but it would show weakness , and that was the last thing he wanted to demonstrate before these men .
tr	NNS	Angelus is one of those men . "
tr	NN	" The Polished Plain lies ahead of us .
tr	NN	Need radiated from him , his hunger was nearly palpable within the room .
tr	NNS	Some locations allowed for clear readings whereas others completely distorted the tracks .
tr	NNS	Things would reset tomorrow , but that would not help him if he didn 't know where he needed to be .
tr	NN	His downfall came about because he used to do the pools in a little threesome with Dan 's previous oppo .
tr	NNS	Things were going so well and you just ... left . "
tr	NNS	Jacob fights , too , pounding the man furiously with tiny fists that pass harmlessly through his back .
tr	NNS	Dogs , domesticated not wild , circled their masters , begging every passersby to pet them .
tr	NNS	With one accord , the six zombies lifted Antonio and followed Falco into the deep woods .
tr	NNS	Things like that . "
tr	NN	The blue comforter on the bed looked rumpled , as if someone had been laying on it .
tr	NNS	There were no streetlights , so there was damn little to see and no landmarks she could describe to someone else .
tr	NNS	Things I can 't even begin to describe .
tr	NNS	Later last night the planes came back , and dropped more bombs .
tr	NNS	Shane had mentioned others coming soon , distinguished visitors .
tr	NNS	Screams echoed , interrupting us .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of retaliation swept into his mind but were immediately discarded .
tr	NNS	Marius pulled his leg back for another kick .
tr	NNS	If wishes were horses , all beggars would ride .
tr	NN	Even though it wasn 't a hospital , the stench of old bodies and weak bladders was pungent .
tr	NNS	Or the Nuremberg Nazi trials will look like traffic court . "
tr	NNS	Hard planes and tendons jumped under her fingers .
tr	NNS	Words from my mother 's letter rushed back to me .
tr	NN	Roche 's chuckle rode a labored wheeze .
tr	NN	Clary 's own bouquet was wildflowers , though it had gone a bit limp from being clutched in her hand for so many hours .
tr	NN	Your aura is pulsing with white and violet .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids drooped shut .
tr	NNS	In some of the larger chambers , bookshelves towered like cliffs , accessible only by systems of ladders and platforms .
tr	NN	' No , no , papa , it was a real wolf .
tr	NN	The tray was not getting any lighter , and I was conscious of a definite relief when the door opened .
tr	NNS	Fraternal twins , Clary guessed .
tr	NNS	" Things are bad here . "
tr	NN	Her h * ps rose up to thrust against him , and his taste and smell invaded her like a drug .
tr	NNS	The wolves circled him , snarling , before they too made their move .
tr	NN	" I 'm going to go check it out , make sure he 's ok .
tr	NN	The tender slid gently into the deep blue Pacific waters .
tr	NNS	The trousers ended in riding boots of soft , highly polished black leather .
tr	NN	" Does your tribe have many dogs ? "
tr	NNS	Most sea captains are superstitious about sailing with Trolls aboard . "
tr	NN	Her spine straightened and she seemed to grow taller as she smiled .
tr	NN	That snake has sure enough run out of venom for the moment .
tr	NN	Even weirder was watching him with Elodie 's thoughts in my head .
tr	NN	A kerosene lamp topped the chest .
tr	NNS	His hands find my hips , his fingernails digging into my flesh as he forces me closer while he backs up , without breaking the kiss .
tr	NN	Love shouldn 't happen so quickly .
tr	NNS	" By elves ! "
tr	NNS	A few more sessions with Lilia should nip it in the bud .
tr	NN	" Water , " the priest said .
tr	NN	The range moved on in both directions , crawling to the south all the way to the River Sole .
tr	NNS	Within these pages is a story of one of those dark mysteries , knowledge so dangerous that it could never be fully lost .
tr	NN	The isolation of my property had done the trick for now .
tr	NNS	These trails were easy with little loose rock and stone with only low grasses snapping at their boot heels .
tr	NN	The van swayed sharply and began to fishtail ; headlights rushed toward her , blinding in their brightness .
tr	NN	A polar vortex had descended upon the Ohio Valley .
tr	NNS	How attractive these qualities are .
tr	NNS	Thankfully , my instincts didn 't feel the same way .
tr	NNS	Looks like it worked , eh ? "
tr	NNS	An inflatable mattress , which I 've meant to return to the girl down the hall for days , except our schedules never seem to match up .
tr	NNS	Magic users were a demon 's one weakness .
tr	NN	" And with a team like ours , success is a foregone conclusion - am I right , Zara ? "
tr	NN	A vigorous churning appeared around nearly half the dome , at least a dozen propellers chopping at the surface of the fug .
tr	NN	A stinky cloud . '
tr	NN	Poor little bait demon . "
tr	NN	" Mines have been bypassed , " the guardian said several minutes later .
tr	NN	It 's crap , Jazz told herself .
tr	NNS	Tris shrugs , but when she looks away , her cheeks are flushed and she looks pleased .
tr	NNS	The bulletin board ran announcements , want ads , and events of importance .
tr	NN	" Mr. Lord , this gentleman does not like you .
tr	NN	Your Empire keeps spreading across the globe . '
tr	NNS	Her footsteps faltered when Dia flicked on the light , illuminating the room surrounding her .
tr	NNS	" Those creatures swarm , as if from a hive mind .
tr	NN	The chandelier above the table began to sway .
tr	NN	Unlike the beaches I 'd seen in photos , this shoreline was all rocks worn smooth by the rough waters .
tr	NN	A sinister twinkle gleamed in her eyes .
tr	NN	Her Islander accent was perfect , her phrasing perfect .
tr	NN	I am quaking , horrified , because deep down , some part of me wants to stop fighting him .
tr	NN	' What is the king 's command ?
tr	NNS	Kris didn 't interrogate me much about it .
tr	NN	106 Alone in her office , Gabrielle Ashe stood at the window , wondering what to do next .
tr	NN	Like , perhaps , if they fight it enough times they " ll get it right ?
tr	NN	Where has your honor and discipline gone ?
tr	NNS	The wolves around me snapped and snarled , furious at the sudden intrusion .
tr	NN	" He 'll be easier to manage if he 's unconscious , " the woman calmly replied .
tr	NN	Again , the command did nothing , and the man in black attacked once more .
tr	NNS	Things were obviously not perfect .
tr	NNS	Their appetizers came out and Jasmine found she was starving .
tr	NN	Even a hedge knight grows weary of chewing every bite of food for half an hour .
tr	NN	He watched the way she moved , watched the sway of her hips .
tr	NN	His Uncle had worked meticulously on their new home and now his hard work had been reduced to a pile of rubble .
tr	NNS	Images and feelings flooded my mind .
tr	NNS	" Things might go more smoothly for you if you 'd learn how to smile . "
tr	NNS	The twins giggled at the sight .
tr	NNS	the Dogs of the World will Break their Teeth upon Him . "
tr	NN	A spark of yellow energy surged from Ares ' finger as Zack was blown across the room .
tr	NN	" What 's the duct for ? "
tr	NN	' Trust me , ' Love said .
tr	NN	" The mosaic was the focus upon which this form was predicated .
tr	NN	Every stroke pulled along that perfect spot , and I arched my back , sobbing .
tr	NN	" Only your birth certificate , showing a sealed adoption .
tr	NNS	Marius pulled him out of the truck and sat him against the dune .
tr	NNS	When I stepped out of the car , the strands of leaves clung to me , slimy against my face and arms .
tr	NNS	Kris had gone out to shop vegetables and onions and tomatoes and the like when I arrived home .
tr	NN	The weak little bastard actually looked at Graeme in triumph when Graeme appeared in the courtyard without Eveline .
tr	NNS	Priceless paintings , furniture and the like received craters full of hot lead .
tr	NNS	And my older cousins had wandered in from where I didn 't know .
tr	NN	Before she could fall , the priest scooped her up and hauled her in a fireman 's carry .
tr	NNS	The wolves around them hastily cleared out of their way .
tr	NNS	Two separate travelers agreed that it was a fine inn , the nicest of the three in the town .
tr	NN	Love preceded all things bad .
tr	NN	The highway was the most direct route to Libby , and it wasn 't unusual for two cars to travel in tandem for the whole thirty minutes .
tr	NN	Light the rag , throw the bottle , Pippa told me .
tr	NN	Still , her body language was easy to read .
tr	NNS	His forehead was neither too long nor too wide , his cheekbones hollowed as though chiseled by a master sculptor .
tr	NN	There 's a museum about an hour 's ride from here .
tr	NNS	Facing fears or weaknesses is always scary .
tr	NN	The ale is quite good ; however I cannot provide the pies with a similar endorsement . "
tr	NN	Its bushy tail fluttered like a flag in the stiff breeze .
tr	NN	A helicopter waited a dozen yards away , a human pilot seated behind the controls .
tr	NN	The scalpel clattered to the floor amid a pool of blood .
tr	NN	The intersection of 36 north and 96 west sat a few miles outside town , dead on the snake pit .
tr	NN	The policeman went to brush her off and pushed past her to leave , walking towards the front door .
tr	NN	Steve tip toed across and pushed the door open .
tr	NN	There is only one funeral parlor in town , just a few minutes from the high school .
tr	NNS	Hands grabbed at his ribs as he spun around in surprise .
tr	NNS	" My cooking skills are fairly limited . "
tr	NNS	The differences between , say , Americans and Japanese are very great .
tr	NNS	Her nostrils filled with a sickly sweet smell , and then everything went blank .
tr	NN	Or in this case , Rafe 's uncle 's life .
tr	NNS	Danika 's eyelids opened slowly .
tr	NNS	Inside only a handful of crew members remained with the rest having exited and sped off down the corridor .
tr	NNS	Glamour runes didn 't work on the Fair Folk ; there was no way to hide from view .
tr	NN	" Okay , so now that you 're familiar with the bar , Kacey , " Storm begins , " you can start smiling any time .
tr	NNS	" Things were different before First Dawn , simpler .
tr	NN	A sudden euphoria possessed my heart .
tr	NN	A bullet had penetrated what she read , shattered the nerves and erased the memory of the books on the table .
tr	NNS	' Writing letters is one thing , but wanting to live there ?
tr	NNS	A dozen heavy thuds came as the robots and the officer crashed over the tables spread over the room , and the wall behind them .
tr	NNS	And all the fireworks at the state fair couldn 't compare to the ones that go off in my head .
tr	NN	A spark of curiosity touched her eyes .
tr	NNS	" There are servants at the Hall .
tr	NN	Mostly , the hunger is a song with a secret melody only I can hear .
tr	NNS	The winds were picking up from the north , heralding a coming change in the weather .
tr	NNS	" Louise , I 'd like to present to you Miss Smith , " the duchess said .
tr	NNS	" Dogs are loyal , affectionate , direct , kind , helpful , and playful .
tr	NNS	She knelt on the bed and raised her hands , wrists crossed .
tr	NNS	Thoughts whizzed past , but I made no effort to pin them down .
tr	NNS	Many ladies take great pleasure in such things .
tr	NN	" Here are your keys , " the fellow said , raising a hand to dangle them before her .
tr	NN	Luckily , there was a second pilot with the ground teams and he was quickly brought to the scene .
tr	NN	Some conversed and Auron gazed at the city streets .
tr	NNS	The skinny little old ladies were aside , standing on the piles of skeletons , and spread the ashes toward the people .
tr	NNS	Four Guardians in flight suits and helmets sat in two rows .
tr	NN	Cole 's aura screamed .
tr	NNS	" Before them , there were the visitors from the south .
tr	NNS	At this point brightly dressed servants helped the delegates climb out of the launch and into the waiting carriages .
tr	NNS	The boy rolls on top of the man , straddling him , pounding him .
tr	NNS	His actions and his silence had told her only too clearly how he felt about her .
tr	NNS	" Well , ladies , now that my stomach isn 't growling out a whale song anymore , how about we look around ?
tr	NN	" Miss Thimble , " a brat said timidly .
tr	NN	There was a video embedded next to it that started playing when Claire clicked it .
tr	NNS	And anyway , there were no guarantees any given demon would be strong enough .
tr	NNS	The wolves caught in the grenade 's radius staggered around as though drunk , blinking as they tried to regain their vision .
tr	NNS	Plans were in place and equipment was arriving to set up a temporary power plant .
tr	NN	A new voice recording came over the line after two rings .
tr	NNS	The marbles have darted forward and are hovering above a pile of pink and brown intestines .
tr	NNS	Two large warriors positioned themselves at the entrance in order to discourage unwelcome suitors .
tr	NNS	My calculations are flawless .
tr	NN	Almost beautiful , the lava resembled a glowing red river , appearing to be at least seventy feet wide , growing wider each minute .
tr	NNS	" Constant meetings , " Isabelle said .
tr	NN	' It is said , it is said , ' the priest replied nervously .
tr	NNS	Waves of memories crashed over me all at once .
tr	NN	The only justice for someone like him was the kind he would receive in hell .
tr	NNS	If these persons of interest crossed over into " too dangerous to let live " territory , then Scorpion 's mercenaries of death would handle it .
tr	NN	The agent says , " Yes , Sir . "
tr	NNS	The siblings rested outside the tunnel of the cruel Spider .
tr	NNS	Chills coursed down his spine , along with the sweat that dampened his skin and clothing .
tr	NNS	There 's something tragic , something heroically noble and horrific watching Coop distil his love for me until nothing but support strains out .
tr	NN	For me , domination is about control .
tr	NN	' With us to aid him , our Master may wield this wondrous jewel for good instead of ill .
tr	NN	But another clench inside her , a more dreaded one , made Kira glance around the room in consternation .
tr	NN	" Evening , Mr. Thorn , " a deputy said .
tr	NNS	" Then I see no reason not to , Your Highness , " she said simply .
tr	NN	Love grabbed the door as he followed Stuart out of the office .
tr	NNS	The currents of air passing were agony .
tr	NN	A silver spiraling stake protruded .
tr	NNS	Without any announcement several more ducks swooped in from whereabouts unknown and the fight was on .
tr	NN	The rich mass gleamed like a raven 's wing against the whiteness wrapping her .
tr	NN	I nodded my head and smiled , a sincere smile this time .
tr	NNS	The hounds began to herd Barris with snaps of teeth and presses of huge bodies .
tr	NNS	Her texts stopped coming shortly after she told me that my dad was passing the drunk driver .
tr	NNS	Cadmus immediately lunged to his feet and picked the biggest blue lotus blossom that he could reach and handed it to me .
tr	NNS	Subsequent tests on other objects confirmed the power had left him .
tr	NN	The colonel checked his watch .
tr	NN	Part of me understood what they were saying .
tr	NN	" Hi darling , I 'm glad you made it safely . "
tr	NNS	Rain drops ; rain drops ; increased rain ... then Stephanie spoke out loud , " Ooo !
tr	NNS	The colors spun , bright droplets of water weaving together just over the largest damp spot where the water dripped steadily .
tr	NN	The liquid spilled over her , soon absorbing into her skin ... her soul ... her spirit .
tr	NNS	Then the next shelf went , sauces and oil ran down the shelves , spices burst into bright clouds .
tr	NN	The lieutenant saluted and went out .
tr	NN	" The neighbor was Steve . "
tr	NN	And across the hall ... Greg 's television was in smoking ruins .
tr	NN	A werewolf was bad news .
tr	NN	To his simple mind ordinary hunger , the desire to eat hobbits , had seemed the chief danger in Gollum .
tr	NNS	Looks as normal as can be . "
tr	NNS	Diggs pushed my hands away and rolled his clear blue eyes .
tr	NNS	Nearly a month after Miller 's death , our classes change for the semester .
tr	NN	There was , it seemed , no limit to the number of relatives Lily could employ .
tr	NN	A cascade of twitches tumbled across his chest as the phasing slowed .
tr	NNS	" Two Shadowhunters , exiled from their own kind , you can see why we might have banded together .
tr	NN	His pulse nearly pounded out through his eyes .
tr	NN	The deputy hadn 't been kidding .
tr	NNS	Of course , our fathers may choose to join our families . "
tr	NN	This treaty stated that there would be one King .
tr	NN	Down , down the denim shimmied .
tr	NNS	The courts thought his violence to be a gross overreaction and tried to charge him .
tr	NNS	The walk-on passengers disembarked first , and he saw Mary Jo with the baby almost right away .
tr	NN	The old habit was hard to break .
tr	NNS	Things began to add up .
tr	NN	In the tiny end zone is a bin full of footballs .
tr	NNS	Sometimes there were many screens showing the same room from all angles ; the Door Room was a prime example of this .
tr	NN	My pulse quickens in fear as I take in the rock walls , earthen floor , and crudely made steel doors built into stone walls .
tr	NN	A goat began to make its way past her , slow but sure .
tr	NNS	The courts kept giving her chances . "
tr	NNS	But when I had connected with them both , their minds opened and showed me everything they had ever been .
tr	NN	The secretary did not raise his hand , but that was irrelevant .
tr	NNS	" Ah , ' mothers , ' I should have said . "
tr	NNS	In fact , for all that I know , the effects are permanent .
tr	NNS	Not being a morning person , Ulf 's cheerfulness grated on her last remaining nerve and she snapped " My name is Sarah !
tr	NN	The courtroom was exactly as I remembered it .
tr	NNS	Now the emptiness was there anytime he wasn 't .
tr	NN	" And gravestone etchings on the walls ? "
tr	NN	That clothing told him as much .
tr	NNS	Regardless of what Tiffany was telling David , her motives were evident from her body language , her demeanor , her arrogance .
tr	NN	The hawk , of intricate gold design , seemed to gaze into her soul .
tr	NNS	Between it and Michael , cords of black rope flew through the air like living vines , forming a spiderweb of traps .
tr	NNS	Two bloody stumps were all that remained .
tr	NN	The rectangle was barely visible covered in the grime of centuries .
tr	NN	Link stood over the body of the Blood Incubus who had hunted us for so long .
tr	NNS	Things were going smoothly until Julie came and said to Paul , " You need to do something .
tr	NNS	The symptoms had started shortly after going off the medication and these same exact symptoms were present today .
tr	NNS	The old mattress sagged beneath their weight .
tr	NNS	There were white candle bulbs burning in every window and a huge festive wreath on the front door .
tr	NN	And Chance was trying to keep his sanity .
tr	NNS	All possibilities exist at this moment , and pretty much in the same place .
tr	NN	The receptionist banged on the door with her fist .
tr	NNS	The other footsteps had quickened , as well .
tr	NNS	The paintings were not talking .
tr	NN	An eel of anxiety squirmed in his gut .
tr	NNS	Tomorrow morning , as the sun devoured the morning fog , Bugs would hold his very life to the test .
tr	NNS	As the lights dimmed , more couples joined them on the dance floor , forcing Mike 's body closer .
tr	NN	" What is your assessment of the patient , Doctor ? "
tr	NNS	Yeah , there are worries about concussions , but I think the pros outweigh the cons .
tr	NN	The captain stood closer to her than he needed to .
tr	NNS	Both my Achilles and plantar fascia were swollen .
tr	NN	A command meant to be obeyed .
tr	NNS	The colors around her had shifted slightly more purple , but they still shone with a light that came from within her .
tr	NN	The court session was short and almost over before it began .
tr	NNS	The way I got it figured , their smarts , at times , well ya put their smarts together with mine and ya really got something .
tr	NNS	" The artists did a fantastic job , but since it 's just a replica , it isn 't worth very much . "
tr	NN	" I love it , " the warrior said with a grin .
tr	NN	When they had gone , a faint whispering started .
tr	NN	The base 's power plant could have blown . "
tr	NN	" The Irish lace has gone missing .
tr	NNS	In the past , governments had to be trusted because there was no other option : trust or die .
tr	NNS	Alexis issued a contract on all of them .
tr	NN	His daddy covered the phone and spoke to someone else .
tr	NN	And fur raised and dark as the pure abyss .
tr	NNS	Screams from the people rang in Echo 's ears , followed by the fearless shouts of the elves as they spurred the villagers to stand their ground .
tr	NN	The exhausted warrior simply watched it all in confusion .
tr	NN	I frowned , the disquieting notion that he was lying to me again filled me as I studied the stiff set of his jaw .
tr	NN	If so , this operation was more sophisticated than he had expected .
tr	NNS	The green creatures ran about screaming , giving conflicting orders to family members , who were not listening .
tr	NN	The flashlight winked at her from below .
tr	NN	The seduction was far more than physical ; it was some deep , elemental thing she could not precisely put her finger on .
tr	NN	The arrangement pointed directly towards the tower .
tr	NNS	Hands shot up around the class and he pointed to a girl in the front row .
tr	NNS	Her navigation skills were nonexistent .
tr	NN	That bundle grew until it filled her , spilling out so that she was sure the trucker across the way could see it .
tr	NN	the psychiatrist looked disturbed .
tr	NN	But with everything that occured , his indifference slowly began to crumble .
tr	NNS	Girls were pushing through the crowd , rushing to be next to their dates for the first kiss of the year .
tr	NNS	" There 's no new murders since the last .
tr	NNS	These types of people are extremely bright ; they 're articulate , but often choose to spend time alone .
tr	NNS	There were so many possibilities , but every one of them made her feel like a monster for even considering it .
tr	NNS	Tiny Stone Age figures surrounded the elephantine animal , hurling spears into its thick hide from every direction .
tr	NN	The toll of wielding so much life was just too great , and the mind crashed from the high .
tr	NN	But the disorder was an organized mess .
tr	NNS	The new techniques need less labourers , and so there are men who need to change occupations , and that is very hard for them . "
tr	NN	Claire 's defensive , arm crossed posture did not lessen one bit .
tr	NN	What if his absence was a sign of something more sinister ?
tr	NN	The electrical override is coming from the kelp itself .
tr	NNS	There was no shyness about Jenna Pringle , not an ounce of reserve .
tr	NN	And final y they were in Stefan 's room and Elena was in Stefan 's arms .
tr	NN	The chestnut held her gaze steadily , watching her approach .
tr	NNS	Not that bloodlines mattered to him personally .
tr	NNS	The few servants who 've been bustling around this morning are all those who lived with their families off the castle grounds . "
tr	NNS	The other members agreed with each other " Silence you fools ! "
tr	NNS	And palm readers don 't read palms , and tarot readers don 't read cards .
tr	NN	Their foliage is more stunning and hearty than anything humans have ever seen .
tr	NNS	" Thank you , sir , " the visitors said politely .
tr	NN	As the team began to drift away , the colonel came over to Jan and began fixing a cup of coffee .
tr	NNS	There were several other plastic containers in the fridge , but I had no idea what they were or how long they 'd been there .
tr	NNS	Those swarms might as well be lionesses chasing a gazelle , so purposeful was their behavior .
tr	NNS	Drugs were an effective backup plan when magic wasn 't quite enough .
tr	NNS	Mikhail and Gregori mentally struck together at the vampire 's throat .
tr	NN	About making partner , and other ... things . "
tr	NN	Her mother-in-law was quiet .
tr	NNS	For the next twenty minutes , nurses bustled in and out of the room .
tr	NNS	Returning to the condo Rita quickly made ready for bed and was soon stretched out relaxing under the covers , and mentally reviewed the evening 's happenings .
tr	NN	" If you know what 's going on here , mate , spill it .
tr	NNS	Family dinners were a ritual she tried to keep for her sisters .
tr	NN	" ' The hunts shall never truly end .
tr	NN	And the exercise would be good for Max .
tr	NNS	The three objects were closing fast and sparing no expense in doing so .
tr	NN	" Where 's headquarters ? "
tr	NNS	Things could get bad , and I 'd not have you dying , not for this , not now . "
tr	NNS	Parts of him began to fall to the floor in ashes as the flames burned cleanly through him .
tr	NN	The injury done to his body will require intense physical therapy .
tr	NNS	His mum , dad and brother Jon were just sitting down to a dinner of homemade pizza .
tr	NN	Words control coin more than coin controls words .
tr	NN	This mass was similar , except that their numbers dwarfed anything he could imagine .
tr	NN	Silent partner , involved partner , straight loan with papers , unofficial loan between friends ... " Lexi stepped in and pulled Rubi into a fierce hug .
tr	NNS	There were different colored belt levels , just like taekwondo or karate .
tr	NN	" The spine doesn 't count . "
tr	NN	My pulse throbbed harder beneath my skin as Braden 's footsteps grew louder the closer he got to our bedroom .
tr	NN	A loudspeaker poured out information in four languages : " We are now passing centuries-old merchants ' houses with their richly decorated gables .
tr	NNS	His clients are wealthy husbands or wives , or their most recent flings , divorce attorneys representing wealthy clients , and businessmen investigating other businessmen .
tr	NNS	The one Diggs held was of a charred wooden door .
tr	NNS	The credit cards and the savings account I had opened for her remained untouched .
tr	NNS	All her fears attacked her resilience and she groped for a hint of hope .
tr	NNS	These meetings , held systematically , strengthen the coordination , and above all give results .
tr	NNS	The swarms danced away .
tr	NNS	That 's the old Jax talking , and I have to admit , there 's something seductive about her thought processes .
tr	NNS	A person 's oaths must follow their order of importance .
tr	NNS	" The more we expose ourselves the chances of discovery are greater .
tr	NNS	" Things that will help me know you better . "
tr	NN	Part of him , the more honorable part , truly wished she 'd forgotten .
tr	NN	A pulse fluttered in my throat .
tr	NN	Karn stood on an outcropping not far from the Longhouse , the old warrior was not eating or drinking tonight .
tr	NN	Terror flooded me as I realized I 'd been spotted .
tr	NN	The cal er ID showed that it was Savannah .
tr	NNS	The work spaces were very modern with the best equipment the United States could afford .
tr	NNS	Silky locks fell into his shining eyes .
tr	NN	As he lightly slid his hands from the swell of her breasts down to her hips , the wicked gleam in his eyes stole her breath .
tr	NNS	The joys of youth , " he said , watching her disappear .
tr	NN	" My father-in-law hated me too .
tr	NNS	Two , three , four rolls of plastic wrap went around me from my shoulders to my ankles .
tr	NN	A small garrison of soldiers , mainly Texas Regulars rode in and soon we had a dance , a barbecue , and people drinking and talking .
tr	NN	The master of the ship called for weapons to be handed out .
tr	NNS	At the bottom were arrangements of different shoes .
tr	NNS	There are no guarantees I 'm coming back alive .
tr	NN	Eileen 's garbage laid before him to be inspected to heart 's content !
tr	NN	The neighbor was working overtime to get back into Ethan 's good graces .
tr	NNS	And as the battle raged , the warriors managed to drag him up the steps and into his bedroom .
tr	NN	A spark of sick electricity quivered behind Selene 's breastbone .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared , as though he could smell the increase in her arousal .
tr	NNS	Looks like you could use it . "
tr	NNS	Hands reached and hefted her up in a makeshift throne , lifted her high , passing her off to the next set of waiting hands .
tr	NNS	His hounds moved in front of me .
tr	NN	The policeman had a strong grip .
tr	NNS	But the deaths he had caused rubbed his soul raw .
tr	NN	But there 's no permanent damage .
tr	NN	Now her equilibrium was as shaky as her sense of herself .
tr	NN	The volcanic mountain had the appearance of having aged into a tropical temple .
tr	NNS	Their attempts to raise reinforcements in Gonzales had failed miserably .
tr	NN	Her heartbreak was way worse than Hanna 's .
tr	NN	" l shouldn 't think they 'd want to see another one . "
tr	NNS	Nerves clenched my stomach in a good way .
tr	NN	The bark cracked and peeled .
tr	NNS	The goons here said you were sick . "
tr	NN	Her humble , pink skirt bobs near her ankles , fastened above her waist with a belt , unintentionally advertising her child-bearing hips .
tr	NN	A deep growl rumbled from him .
tr	NNS	The cameras tell them when there 's movement and they can follow where anyone goes . "
tr	NN	Where was the Master when he needed her so much ?
tr	NNS	Hands grabbed the collar of my jean jacket , yanked me out , and backed me against the brick exterior .
tr	NN	Storm ignores the leer .
tr	NNS	" Well , troll gangs have been wandering around the city all day .
tr	NNS	Words could not form .
tr	NNS	There are also several other locations on-line . "
tr	NN	Philip 's brother Malcolm barked into the institutional style black , corded phone connected to his side of the glass .
tr	NN	There was a pale strip of light shining from under Mom 's door , but I didn 't stop .
tr	NNS	All other ideas are more or less worthless , speculative fluff .
tr	NNS	Other teachers wanted to borrow it .
tr	NNS	My eggs were burning .
tr	NNS	Several nuns were conferring at the end of the hall , and one was Sister Flora .
tr	NN	The gap gets wider the further down the fairway you hit it . "
tr	NN	And the darkening sky .
tr	NN	( Since the X-ray goggles incident , our chemistry professor 's lack of depth perception had made him even more accident-prone . )
tr	NN	The fright in Marie 's eyes disappeared when two strands shot up from her intestines and pierced them .
tr	NNS	The limits are seven kilometers away and our destination is nearly forty kilometers beyond that . "
tr	NN	" Father Francis ' guardian is an Arch , Bex .
tr	NNS	My shoulder blades slammed at the pavement .
tr	NNS	And the marbles , when he held them over his eyes - they looked like the demon 's . "
tr	NN	My sleeping aid wil help with that .
tr	NN	The funnel reaches the road behind us , twisting harder , kicking up earth higher and higher .
tr	NN	In front of it was an audience of approximately 200 people milling about and swigging from cans .
tr	NNS	Riding bikes was almost too much fun to take seriously .
tr	NNS	Seconds later , sirens blared from up the street .
tr	NNS	Cadmus moved to protect me , but I motioned him back .
tr	NNS	Both my daggers tore into the earth on either side of my attacker 's head , missing the skull by mere centimeters .
tr	NN	There was no other reasonable explanation .
tr	NNS	Despite the million dollar views , UNESCO heritage site restoration funds had dried up in the global economic downturn .
tr	NNS	Again , my surroundings changed in a swirling mist .
tr	NN	Where had her spine gone ?
tr	NN	The footman continued to a door across the hall , pronouncing it to be the billiard room .
tr	NNS	Other areas of the town were quiet , with little pedestrian traffic and few cars .
tr	NN	My momma was good at this .
tr	NN	" The gate master thought you were necessary for my mission .
tr	NN	" The backyard , " Kenna replied sweetly , kissing Ryder 's jaw line .
tr	NNS	Looks like your landing on is as good as your shooting ! "
tr	NNS	Then footsteps left the bedroom .
tr	NN	Love looked at Stuart , nodded , reached for his gun and pulled it from its holster .
tr	NN	There was a clatter as he dropped the knives onto his bedside table .
tr	NNS	The tiles were gray and the fluorescent lights made my eyes hurt .
tr	NN	A police van drove him to King 's Cross station , a constable making sure he boarded .
tr	NN	Normal y , the rich aromas would have made me thirsty for my own mug of hot chocolate .
tr	NNS	Waves of heat rose shimmering off the white stones of the castle .
tr	NNS	Things never looked better in the morning .
tr	NNS	Things seemed to settle down , and actually Lord Nemesis found it quite funny that Lukas ' " hero " was the man that was annoying him .
tr	NN	" After all these years my law degree is going to come in handy . "
tr	NNS	My favorite little traitors have come to see me once more . "
tr	NN	My analysis didn 't suit him , and after several long arguments of the subject , he demanded satisfaction .
tr	NN	The bastard never came looking for me .
tr	NN	Every inch of you is ripe with need for me . "
tr	NNS	Marius bent down and helped her to her feet .
tr	NN	Physical abduction is still prevalent , but it 's not usually the first choice .
tr	NN	In his opinion there was a continental divide in the world of journalism .
tr	NN	In response a virtual keyboard mapped out for him .
tr	NNS	Looks like you 'll need at least a three inch heel to pull that one off .
tr	NNS	The vamps tore through the thick medical plastic with their teeth , desperate to get to the contents .
tr	NN	The diary was hers .
tr	NNS	Different types of magic don 't always blend well .
tr	NNS	The consequences of my negligence could be disastrous , and my conscience could not bear the result should I fail . "
tr	NN	The carpet and the pentagram reappeared .
tr	NNS	But even werewolves , vampires , and the Fey tended to stay away from the house .
tr	NN	Love , lust , and respect rolled into one as he stared after the woman he 'd been looking for since he 'd bitten her .
tr	NN	The tour ended abruptly with an admonition from sister Abigail that it was five past seven and Sarah was late for Vespers .
tr	NNS	Against the car body and the roof , the colors almost blended .
tr	NN	A gruesome , oddly long , and green patterned snake washes through the thin flakes of sand about my feet .
tr	NNS	Waves crashed violently against the rocks , the plumes rising forty to fifty feet in the air .
tr	NN	The courtroom filled up around her .
tr	NN	After a hesitation , Nikolai grated , " There is no description strong enough . "
tr	NNS	Girls occasionally tried to get him out with the dancing group too , but he seemed to be turning everyone down .
tr	NNS	The rags fell harmlessly to the ground .
tr	NNS	There are millions , maybe billions of pages in there .
tr	NN	Not a single scar marred the perfection of his body .
tr	NNS	The pirates raised a cheer once more and lifted their glasses to their reptilian friend .
tr	NNS	" The ladies will get riches and fame beyond hope ! "
tr	NNS	The royal quarters were in the northernmost wing .
tr	NNS	There were still some ghosts she apparently hadn 't exorcised .
tr	NNS	Several members of the security council nodded in quiet agreement .
tr	NN	An intricately carved totem pole stood in a corner to the right of George 's desk .
tr	NN	Like he 's an imbecile , an oaf .
tr	NN	Out of everyone , my team leader was the most surprised .
tr	NNS	Bubble baths were usual y a low priority .
tr	NNS	These warded spires are a constant reminder that we are chosen and protected by the Angel , and that we are not entirely alone in our mission .
tr	NN	A stray bullet from one of them struck a tree base near them in the yard .
tr	NN	The roar of my truck 's engine broke the silence before I expected it .
tr	NNS	There are no embezzled funds . "
tr	NN	" The presidential election of 1968 ended with Nixon receiving 301 electoral votes to Humphrey 's 191 .
tr	NN	A low growl came from him , and this time , Bri didn 't bother to stay .
tr	NNS	The council members maintained their silence , avoiding his eyes and keeping their gazes fixed on the Prince .
tr	NNS	" Fine , fine , so the costumes have to have modesty standards .
tr	NNS	" Yes , there are cameras there , but I 'd have to change security cycle .
tr	NN	The old priest said nothing , but he crossed himself twice .
tr	NNS	Those twisting butterflies in his stomach over Jill 's condition subsided some .
tr	NNS	" Power objects , " Scott said .
tr	NNS	Orders are going to come down soon to send a team back into the Congo .
tr	NNS	But the emptiness continued to tear through my stomach , reaching its thorny hand up into my throat .
tr	NNS	The whiny types that withheld all things physical until they got their way .
tr	NNS	Several short strands escaped the leather thong and fel around his face .
tr	NNS	Aristotle had the reins , a fierceness gripping his features .
tr	NNS	All the ladies dress up with the expectation that the Emperor 's son will notice them and want to marry them one day . "
tr	NN	After a moment of prayer , the new tsar rose and approached his wife , who also wore a beautiful silk robe .
tr	NN	A flashlight , now broken .
tr	NN	" Maybe he ' l help us out the way he did then . "
tr	NNS	But as morning turned to noon her hopes started to fade .
tr	NN	The following morning Lara went to visit Ryan at the building site .
tr	NN	See , there is a thicker concentration near the point of origin . '
tr	NN	The den was a little over crowded , but no one seemed to mind .
tr	NN	Even the wild , ever optimistic Prince knew there was no way through so many foes .
tr	NN	A click cleared away the voices of the pilots and the tower until only Wade remained .
tr	NN	The video skipped the huddles , time-outs , and halftime , and as the end of the game approached , the noise died considerably .
tr	NNS	Most settlers built one room cabins when they first arrived , ten feet by ten feet at the most .
tr	NN	With this additional information , would the good senator be able to curb the Foster family aggressions ?
tr	NN	The dwarf stowed his tablet and joined the detective , the constable , and the magician .
tr	NN	Larger than the preceding two , the ninja seems depressed , leaning forward whilst sitting upon the small chest .
tr	NN	His equipment isn 't going to work with this emergency power . "
tr	NNS	Long , curved , and pointed horns gleamed menacingly in the moonlight .
tr	NN	Cornelia was dirtier than before , her robe stained with mud and blood , the hem frayed .
tr	NN	The grey suit Cora got for me was made out of a lighter material so that I wouldn 't get overheated during the trial .
tr	NN	If there was never a bullet in the gun , then ... .
tr	NN	Love isn 't real to people like you and everything is a game .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared , the black smoke curling out from them increasing , and she saw fangs .
tr	NN	But the panel remained closed .
tr	NN	" Max is a professional gambler , so don 't make it poker .
tr	NN	There was no padding , but I didn 't need it .
tr	NN	The hunter screamed , which would have been hilarious any other time .
tr	NNS	The small bird 's talons aimed down and sought purchase on the boulder even while her slender form shimmered in the humid air .
tr	NNS	The cards in Romulus ' fortune gnawed at his mind .
tr	NNS	Things had been good with Elise , really good for a long time .
tr	NN	The pub was steamy hot and riotous with laughter , loud conversations , and heated arguments .
tr	NNS	Then the races started .
tr	NNS	Looks of tremor passed over the three faces as they stared at Julia in the door way .
tr	NN	Brian 's Facebook page pops up .
tr	NN	Now , the lack of AC was intensifying every symptom .
tr	NN	The rebuke came as something of a shock .
tr	NNS	The twins are two and just learning how to shift .
tr	NNS	Several natural tunnels led off of the chamber , and a small rope ladder hung from the bottom of the rift to facilitate going back up .
tr	NNS	Aside from that single similarity , the two captains were about as different as men could be .
tr	NNS	The doctor 's actions were not an issue . "
tr	NN	" Oh God ... " The squid moved forward .
tr	NNS	There had been no progress for them , no civil right changes ; no equality .
tr	NNS	The sirens were so close now .
tr	NNS	" Team members will consist of : Rachel , Gordon , Greg , Luther , and Ty . "
tr	NNS	Names and some pictures , and a lot of notes where also spread across the inside of the two doors .
tr	NN	The snake recoiled to strike .
tr	NN	The lantern hadn 't had any problems in my father 's office ; I hadn 't sensed it jumping around inside my backpack then .
tr	NNS	Immortals were immortal after all .
tr	NNS	Virgin Soldiers who wore blue were the scientists and technicians of the Virgin Army .
tr	NN	Soon the principal would notice the lone student sprinting through the corridors , stealing school supplies !
tr	NN	" Get him on the plane , " his uncle ordered , his voice sounding like it was underwater .
tr	NNS	There are some mechanisms that are so-so broken that they cannot be repaired . "
tr	NN	Every stroke of her fingers along those terrible burns made her feel closer to him .
tr	NNS	Two more shots came in quick succession .
tr	NN	Her cocky posture burned in silhouette deep within the crevices of my mind .
tr	NNS	Two more passengers had joined the huddle around the girl in the dark glasses .
tr	NNS	The Others didn 't understand the story either , but they all agreed on one thing : there wasn 't a single chick in the whole movie .
tr	NN	" Wait , " said the sergeant .
tr	NN	" What 's the video ? "
tr	NNS	" Don 't leave me , " she repeated , whispers punctuated by sobs .
tr	NN	The ball lightning disappeared instantly , almost startlingly so .
tr	NNS	" Its origins come from some random obelisk that 's been floating around space for ever and a day .
tr	NNS	There are some cheaper apartments further inland that might do .
tr	NNS	" Drugs aren 't worth your life ending . "
tr	NNS	But , immortals don 't change the way humans do .
tr	NN	The gala celebration was going to take place at the family compound , Copper Beach , on Legacy Island .
tr	NN	The men 's hearts race , as the boat continues to creep across the water , hitting objects until it finally stops .
tr	NNS	The twins began to giggle .
tr	NNS	The committee members always approach new residents about joining .
tr	NN	Your recovery is a miracle , to say the least . "
tr	NN	The golem blinked , then blinked again .
tr	NNS	" There are eight Americans at that station , Mary .
tr	NNS	My little cousins were slipping through the door one by one and crowding around us .
tr	NN	Sitting on the craggy cliffs above the raging sea , the sprawling castle was dark and foreboding with the blank eyes of the statuary always watching .
tr	NNS	Her Royal Highness was sitting on a dark red settee with thick velvet cushions .
tr	NN	Part of me wanted to surrender , and the other part knew I could never trust you . "
tr	NN	His determination to deprive her of her child .
tr	NN	At his nod , the piano player began to play the wedding march .
tr	NNS	Their movements were jerky and desperate as they both attempted to rid him of his wet shirt .
tr	NNS	Tiny areas of angry violence boiled up like swarming ants , then fell still .
tr	NNS	Carmine 's movements grew more frantic after a while , his thrusts harder and deeper .
tr	NNS	Red , green , and white circular targets wait in the distance , and I estimate that they stand around one hundred yards away .
tr	NNS	Words come slowly , yet my breathing is rapid as fear sets in .
tr	NNS	All five vamps wobbled a little on their feet , their movements erratic , their eyes darting around the room .
tr	NN	Again the lightning flung its hands across the windows .
tr	NNS	Images inspired by her words filled his mind .
tr	NNS	And from the bright gleam in Juliette 's eyes , the possibilities hadn 't escaped her notice either .
tr	NN	She went , pardon the bad pun , medieval on my ass . "
tr	NN	The redhead held out her hand .
tr	NNS	These country zombies would be strong and the goal was to kill them without weapons .
tr	NNS	" Oh crap , " Valerie curses .
tr	NN	Why did the Angel Of Death give back a life ?
tr	NN	Jazz tried to remember if either of the truckers had touched it .
tr	NNS	Looks like a buck to me . "
tr	NN	The cord was too short .
tr	NN	Nowadays , hollering was more effective , unless they were really into it , in which case nothing would work .
tr	NNS	Lots of doubles . "
tr	NNS	Usually , there are shouts of victory and coarse laughter , but not today .
tr	NN	Her orgasm released his tenuous hold and restraint .
tr	NN	An expensive fragrance emanated from Rowan , rather like citrus and rain .
tr	NNS	" Things build up as time passes , and winter things build up more than things in the other seasons .
tr	NN	The Daimon leader turned around , and walked slowly through the portal .
tr	NN	But there was no reasoning with her .
tr	NN	After a full minute of slowing pulling , the tip of the blade slid out and caught the light ; the crimson blood dripping and shining .
tr	NNS	The first crafts will be launching in a matter of hours . '
tr	NN	Just as he was about to whisk her away into ecstasy , a tap on his shoulder booted him out of paradise .
tr	NNS	Things are rather more convenient that way .
tr	NN	" She did seem protective , " Chance observed .
tr	NNS	" Survival skills are all I have been teaching you so far .
tr	NN	All their wisdom and knowledge came to them from dreams .
tr	NN	The angel gave a single flap of his wings , turned and disappeared up into the light .
tr	NN	That bitch better be grateful for this .
tr	NN	" Letting us transport you would be a larger concession than knowing your name , " the supervisor smiled .
tr	NN	Our government is in turmoil because of this person ! "
tr	NN	A small doe and her fawn waded through dark , brown mud that had been nothing but dirt , until the summer storms came .
tr	NNS	Myles whistled as he slid the second omelet from the pan .
tr	NNS	Clay hated making such statements , hated being the hypocrite he was when it came to Maddy but , once again , past actions propelled current ones .
tr	NN	" The basket toss is the final stunt of the competition , and this is one event we 've always been strong at .
tr	NN	" Fine , " said the unicorn .
tr	NN	By the time the pager in my belt loop vibrated a couple of hours had passed .
tr	NN	The angel was cold .
tr	NN	The constant dread you feel .
tr	NN	The captain and his two crewmates , along with a pair of the assailants , lay sprawled in pools of blood .
tr	NNS	In the rear , the slow zombies lumbered forward .
tr	NNS	" Jack , " he said , " the investors can look out for themselves .
tr	NNS	" The patrols have stopped expanding their coverage .
tr	NNS	These blues were deeper than he thought .
tr	NN	" This Foxton fellow of yours is behind it . "
tr	NNS	The rolling hills serve well for ranching , the grassy earth surviving the drought thus far .
tr	NNS	Her fans , she 'd learned , were often anxious .
tr	NN	A formal announcement would open the door for additional questions that I have no desire to answer .
tr	NN	A whistle blew loudly close by .
tr	NNS	Afternoon practices are here at three .
tr	NN	There was a spotlight on him as he moved toward the piano .
tr	NNS	Their footsteps trailed down the hall to the front of the house .
tr	NN	Her grandmother wrinkled her nose .
tr	NNS	Americus tipped his forage cap , grinned , and stepped out into the smoky air .
tr	NNS	The blond knight was driving the wagon , the reins held negligently in one hand and with the other pressed against his injured ribs .
tr	NNS	Our scales are very different .
tr	NNS	At her back , the endless rows of concern returned to their familiar poses ... ... .
tr	NN	A silent hunter , the animal ran full out , his long legs covering ground like a well-oiled running machine .
tr	NNS	Agents will keep searching for her .
tr	NNS	" There 's dye and scissors in the other bag . "
tr	NN	What is the artifact ?
tr	NN	" Just the backyard stuff . "
tr	NN	Like the claw mark of some giant mythical beast , the trio of gouges sliced the ship from bow to stern .
tr	NNS	Poorer and sadder , maybe , but - " " We 'd send you cases , " Borden said .
tr	NN	Our chat also drew even more of Robert 's attention .
tr	NN	A low whistle sounded .
tr	NN	He would raise an army , the angel had said .
tr	NN	A husky would be a match for a hungry wolf but he wondered if a polar bear had broken into the camp .
tr	NNS	My gears were grinding .
tr	NN	An investigator needs to be able to go undercover , and I ... well , I can 't do that . "
tr	NN	The leader of Heroes United , Black Cat , gazed back at her .
tr	NN	Atomic defense must arrive before atomic war . "
tr	NN	Was this the proof she had unconsciously been looking for ?
tr	NNS	Diggs pulled up alongside us in his Jeep .
tr	NNS	One by one , members entered the booths as if they were voting in a national election .
tr	NNS	Both ladies looked around watching for their opportunity to flee .
tr	NNS	Louisa 's various cousins expressed their condolences and asked if there was anything they could do to help .
tr	NNS	These creatures were terrible .
tr	NN	" The prophecy named you as the person who needed to collect the information from Darian .
tr	NN	The pilot wrested the control stick .
tr	NN	Her new weave was much more versatile .
tr	NN	My highly appreciated company ? "
tr	NNS	Often , the rites would conclude with the blood sacrifice of an innocent , which is to say , with the death of a child .
tr	NN	" Right , " confirmed the sheriff .
tr	NN	The castle is a ruin but can be renovated if there are sufficient funds . '
tr	NNS	Parts of it were funny , and I certainly appreciated the irony of a lm distributed by Disney bemoaning corporate culture .
tr	NN	The private investigator is working .
tr	NNS	The black SUVs that pulled into town nine weeks ago begin to emerge from the garage .
tr	NNS	The chains were solid but she was strong , and if she could shift to her wildcat ... She relaxed her body and summoned the shift .
tr	NN	Don 't worry , darling , when you feel it you 'll know .
tr	NN	There 's actually no air-conditioning in the Hab .
tr	NNS	Things like that don 't happen around here .
tr	NNS	The gang members are enraged and one of them screams at Timothy , " You want some of this ? "
tr	NNS	His actions will speak . "
tr	NNS	Images of the Swiss Alps from the frosted window of a little chateau popped into my head .
tr	NN	The smells of the steel and white tile room brought back sense memories of identifying Riley 's body .
tr	NNS	There are still large gaps but I 'll keep you posted . "
tr	NN	The operator offered to stay on the line with me until someone arrived , but I declined .
tr	NNS	Like the zombies do . "
tr	NNS	There are no street signs , no stop signs ; there is no need for either .
tr	NNS	Bugs had taken notice of Timmy 's preoccupation .
tr	NNS	How many nurses or doctors are there ?
tr	NN	Now , there was a tip she could use .
tr	NNS	Words are masks , a way to hide and cover what we mean .
tr	NNS	Anger and sadness ran through my blood .
tr	NN	Immortality or mortality will make no difference . "
tr	NNS	New resources , new energy supplies ... . "
tr	NNS	Not two varieties , mind you .
tr	NN	We ' l put our own spin on it . "
tr	NNS	There are too many Officials for me to calculate , but I 'd guess at fifty .
tr	NNS	The footsteps of whatever entered her bedroom made a clicking sound on the hardwood .
tr	NNS	And their servants know everything . "
tr	NNS	' Bugs aren 't really that clever . '
tr	NN	And I ' l see what he says . "
tr	NNS	The two workers watched as a trio of emergency medical technicians burrowed through the crowd to reach the downed man .
tr	NNS	The signs come with warnings of wildlife dangers .
tr	NNS	Angry shouts rose above her .
tr	NNS	Two dark figures stood on the opposite side of the street .
tr	NNS	' All cats are cats , ' said Dios , vaguely , and added , ' If we would be so gracious as to follow us . '
tr	NN	The quota is much higher now and we need results .
tr	NNS	The materials at present within my command hardly appeared adequate to so arduous an undertaking , but I doubted not that I should ultimately succeed .
tr	NNS	His instincts took him to the window even though he knew the sound of rain wouldn 't be anything like what he heard .
tr	NN	The beeping was from the machine that was pumping oxygen into my lungs .
tr	NNS	My body lands on a hard sloped rock then tumbles forward on my knees and elbows .
tr	NNS	Were the weird vibes from James the only reason she 'd texted Ryan tonight ?
tr	NN	The charm suits you .
tr	NNS	Just a little clear air turbulence forecast at the higher altitudes .
tr	NN	A sixteen-year-old sex slave partying with members of Congress at a hunting lodge in the Allegheny Mountains , barely a two-hour drive from the U.S. Capitol .
tr	NNS	Soft splashes sounded behind her , and she spun .
tr	NN	So far , the therapist had been right .
tr	NNS	And while the memory still had the power to turn her stomach , the effects were not nearly as potent as they 'd been before .
tr	NNS	His professional baseball aspirations ended before he ever played in a game . "
tr	NNS	" Most employers seek to eliminate the assassin after the job is completed , and most assassins , predictably , wish to remain alive .
tr	NN	The ground grew closer , the sprawling spread enlarging by the second , the landing steps familiar to her after so many flights with Seth .
tr	NNS	" Your instincts told you to shoot . "
tr	NN	Part of me wanted to run into Ethan 's office and beg for forgiveness .
tr	NN	The patrons slam their beers down in unison .
tr	NN	The troll explodes into millions of particles of light that slowly fall to the floor .
tr	NNS	" Where the cliffs start .
tr	NN	His secretary doesn 't meet my eyes as she tells me to go on in , where I find my father and Dr. Salter chatting about graduation .
tr	NN	Ms. Thomas , our clerk , will be distributing those forms at the front , " the principal said .
tr	NNS	Innocent actions based on desperate decisions .
tr	NNS	" Things ... things that aren 't there . "
tr	NN	If all goes well your reunion will be in this lifetime ... rather than another one henceforth . "
tr	NNS	Finally , the two ladies travelled to the tailor to arrange for a surprise for Millie .
tr	NN	There was no hesitation when she answered simply , softly , " Yes . "
tr	NN	Of course , a transition like this , namely software evolution will by its nature meet great resistance .
tr	NN	The Book remained firmly upon it 's stand , not wavering at all upon it 's seemingly precarious perch .
tr	NN	" Look , " she said , " the assault of nerve impulses on the human ... consciousness ... " She looked defensively at Bickel .
tr	NN	Part of me wanted to , but I couldn 't .
tr	NN	Somewhat paradoxically , science excludes the scientist from its picture of the world .
tr	NN	Within 6 hours , the total mass of such a system would be , in theory , equal to that of the Moon .
tr	NNS	But the emptiness of my small room becomes too much , and I go downstairs in search of life instead .
tr	NNS	There are millions of people in Phoenix , how can this coincidence in running into her now , while I 'm hunting , be possible ?
tr	NNS	Flying long distances drains too much power .
tr	NNS	The currents were strong , but they weren 't painful .
tr	NN	The audience cheered and began chanting the creature 's name .
tr	NN	Makes a too warm picnic with lousy scenery seem not so bad , I 've got to admit .
tr	NNS	Werewolves breathed , but not so deeply , nor so frequently as mortals .
tr	NN	The electricity that flowed between us was as powerful as a river 's .
tr	NN	And should the captain ever learn his true identity , Marcus judged that he would react with less dramatic but equally effective prejudice .
tr	NNS	The dowager duchess raised her head , eyes wide with alarm .
tr	NNS	The mattress sat on the oak frame bed that had been hers since childhood .
tr	NNS	The drums and the pipes were a hideous din .
tr	NN	My first instinct was to force him down by reaching up and pulling on his shoulders until he sat .
tr	NNS	All the fathers of my children are dear to me , and that is not going to change , no matter how many crowns I wear . "
tr	NN	The barge captain and Harding exploded into French , and Mary Ann -- with only her classroom knowledge -- couldn 't keep up .
tr	NNS	Lights blazed from the windows .
tr	NNS	Social skills were so not his forte .
tr	NNS	The drugs were strong , and I felt myself nodding off once more .
tr	NNS	' Animals always know about this sort of thing ! '
tr	NN	The resulting orgasm sent a bolt of lightning up her spine , seizing her body and lighting it on fire .
tr	NN	His demand caused my belly to dip and a rush of heat to surge between my legs .
tr	NNS	An additional two hundred acres would substantially increase the value of her place but the expense had made her hesitate and now it had sold .
tr	NN	There was no glint of sunlight , no sign of the compass anywhere on the ground .
tr	NNS	Inside , vials and test tubes rested in a protective cushioning of foam .
tr	NN	The crash of thunder reverberated loudly , shaking the ground , shaking the buildings .
tr	NNS	" There are two more areas that you will be training in .
tr	NN	The dinner whistle sounds , and Gale and I line up at the canteen .
tr	NNS	The chances are he 'll be back in his usual spot when I get back there . '
tr	NN	My best scythe students held me in a way that would have never been acceptable on Datura 3 .
tr	NNS	Others took up the cry : " Nail him on !
tr	NN	Releasing his sword for the moment , Dark Link catches the blade after a single rotation overhead , cutting diagonally downward in an impossible display of skill .
tr	NNS	Within this very area thousands upon thousands of words will have convened in the hope of latching on to the right conversations in order to be heard .
tr	NNS	Heavy footsteps immediately boarded , rocking the craft .
tr	NN	Even as he said the words , dread filled his heart .
tr	NN	' Simple trick , ' said the raven , dismissively .
tr	NN	His determination doubled to reach it .
tr	NNS	Different colleges hardly seemed to matter .
tr	NN	The jaguar stilled , muscles going rigid .
tr	NN	The liquid crashed against his empty insides .
tr	NNS	Delores said it was quite a shock . "
tr	NNS	And so the wolves that attacked Jack , they showed me images . "
tr	NN	His broad stature skidded past Lyssa to Toby 's truck .
tr	NN	The bruise had gotten a little better and the small cut that had been there was already healing and was barely visible .
tr	NN	" My travel consultant has decided on Apulia , way down south , the heel of the Italian boot .
tr	NN	The unit scanned through the smoke and saw the wall with its turrets .
tr	NNS	Defence instincts sprang into action .
tr	NNS	Scattered fights dotted the perimeter of the valley , but most of the battle was concentrated in the middle , around the trenches .
tr	NNS	" Those wolves weren 't demons .
tr	NNS	There were a few murmurs around the market .
tr	NNS	The zombies dropped like flies , but there were too many .
tr	NN	As he moved across the floor , the siren went off at the larger basketball game .
tr	NNS	Our flashlights saw what looked like a smoking gun barrel a little farther down , from where we were being shot at .
tr	NNS	Romulus stood there without saying anything .
tr	NN	The left wing rolled up suddenly as Grayson lost control .
tr	NNS	There was a makeshift gallows nearby , and from it another Ottoman hung from his wrists , with his arms bent behind him .
tr	NN	Her survival instinct overrode her curiosity .
tr	NN	Hurt and rage filled my every bone .
tr	NNS	Others bolted into traffic and narrowly avoided being hit .
tr	NNS	Things were tight and I was glad for all the help I could get from him .
tr	NNS	My clients wanted this deal closed in December ; they 're already set to walk away . "
tr	NNS	Thoughts of what the last minutes of Mrs. Basso 's life must have been like made her sick .
tr	NNS	Her tits deserved the time to be sucked , nibbled , and adored .
tr	NNS	The media and the entire adult community have conspired against you and those naïve little toddlers you run around with .
tr	NN	The dwarf staggered and dropped his lightning gun .
tr	NNS	Outside of the game , characters ' expressions were vaguely discernible when they weren 't over dramatic .
tr	NN	But there was a sparkle in Marguerite 's blue eyes that had been absent for years .
tr	NN	The empty isolation I experience every day isn 't there .
tr	NN	A curl of smoke lifted from his hand , just before the pain came .
tr	NNS	The mattress was hard , and the sheets designed for an easy cleanup , not comfort .
tr	NNS	Cadmus frantically turned my arm over to examine it and we both gasped .
tr	NNS	Folks come by all the time , but they don 't stay long .
tr	NNS	And then the street gangs went wild looking for easy pickings and easy prey .
tr	NNS	Mikey 's pupils sparkled .
tr	NN	Suddenly the notion of not being able to return to active duty seemed trivial compared to the end of Angel 's dream .
tr	NNS	The characters , incidents , and dialogue are draw from the author 's imagination and are not to be construed as real .
tr	NN	" Don 't look like no wolf I 've ever seen , " the third hunter noted and his voice turned greedy .
tr	NNS	Two figures stepped forward from the night .
tr	NN	The rebellion will make the King more humble and perhaps he will listen to my theories to create a fair , intellectual state ! "
tr	NN	" The sergeant reported that the leg was uninjured , sir .
tr	NNS	As I did a U-turn , the road signs seemed to jump out at me -- Fox Gap -- Reno Monument -- then it hit me .
tr	NN	A wide , moorland plateau spread out before him to the horizon , dotted with the white backs of a few sheep .
tr	NN	Liam 's motto echoed in my head , and when I finished , I found myself on the ground , Beauty 's tears pouring from my eyes .
tr	NNS	The lovers tried not to stare too much when they felt others were observing .
tr	NN	His manner wasn 't subtle .
tr	NN	But the hobbit was worried and uncomfortable , and they had difficulty in getting anything out of him .
tr	NN	The priest spoke , and like everyone else in the church , I thought his sermon was meant specifically for me .
tr	NNS	In an instant , the inhuman creatures attacked .
tr	NN	My uncle seemed to understand .
tr	NN	" Well , " Chance muttered .
tr	NN	A player with a sense of humor was disastrous .
tr	NNS	The ladies would be disappointed , and you 'd never hear the end of it . "
tr	NNS	" Things , " Eve said , without adding any details .
tr	NNS	Ten more counts and she dropped the jeans that had cost a fortune .
tr	NN	Ada 's giggle sounded like a rattle of tinfoil .
tr	NN	Her art didn 't hold her at night .
tr	NN	" The sacrifice is you . "
tr	NNS	" But no more drinks for me , " I said .
tr	NN	The first page said nothing but thanks for the work while the following pages contained the results of the investigation .
tr	NN	The trick would be removing them .
tr	NNS	Well congratulations , babe , it worked .
tr	NN	" We found their old records , " the clown said .
tr	NNS	The Jaunt attendants were moving in now , wheeling their silent cart of oblivion .
tr	NNS	Both boxers came out of their corners and dashed to the center of the ring .
tr	NNS	" Do not stare at me in that rude , disrespectful fashion , " the duchess snapped when she caught Alexandra 's expression .
tr	NN	The elder continued , " My sons , your thoughts move swiftly -- I ask that you spare the lives of these men .
tr	NNS	The jaws of the main clamp grasped the hull of the small transport and pulled it down into the fully docked position .
tr	NN	You haven 't developed your first two characters and all of a sudden , there 's this third enigma . "
tr	NNS	But there were other figures depicted too - bears , wolves , buffalo , coyotes , rabbits , porcupines .
tr	NN	The studio was very small , about the size of a large pavilion .
tr	NN	The Triple Crown was elusive , and with the way hitters specialized these days , it was growing even more so .
tr	NNS	There were speeches by school dignitaries .
tr	NN	The colonel picked up the phone and consulted a red leather book before he dialed .
tr	NNS	Looks like they didn 't follow us .
tr	NN	" One man 's master is another 's rebel . "
tr	NN	" All my gratitude goes to Granny Grapes .
tr	NN	The vast majority seemed despondent and exhausted .
tr	NNS	Others began to gather .
tr	NN	There was a small splinter poking out of my hand and I pressed my palm against my mouth and used my teeth to pull it out .
tr	NNS	Serena purses her lips , the only future her mind is on is her next punishment .
tr	NN	" Eleanor , please remember not to get close , " warned the nun .
tr	NN	Like magic , the dwarf " s eyes focused on the little stone armies to the exclusion of everything else in the jail .
tr	NN	Her appetite seems insatiable as she wolfs down the meat .
tr	NN	Both Dom and I noticed .
tr	NNS	The sirens in the corridor behind him went quiet .
tr	NN	It was my cross , the little wooden one Adrian had made me , painted with morning glories .
tr	NN	The drowning woman who wanted to drown again and again .
tr	NN	One last roar echoed throughout the glen .
tr	NN	" A picnic sounds like it will be fun . "
tr	NN	" Given its condition , your coin is probably at the lower end of this .
tr	NNS	The convent was closed , the nuns moved to a bigger town .
tr	NN	Her grandmother noticed , as well , and commented on the beautiful music , wondering which channel the concert was on .
tr	NNS	Reyes lay on top of his bed .
tr	NN	However downstairs , there is a deafening racket as the dead move about below us .
tr	NNS	Things with Kevin were going well .
tr	NN	" My lord , this strategy is too impetuous ! "
tr	NN	Besides , an angel sang into his ear from the other side of the universe .
tr	NNS	No visitors , " she added quickly .
tr	NN	My daddy died in an accident and I miss him every day . "
tr	NN	Its white fur sparkled with snowflakes , shining under the moonlight , while its peculiar humanlike eyes peered back at us .
tr	NN	The honeysuckle clinging to the archway filled the air with sweet perfume .
tr	NNS	In the past , several warriors had manifested , caring little for collateral damage , too desperate to make a kill .
tr	NN	Sitting cross-legged on the kitchen counter is the Black Jester , holding the glass she strained to reach .
tr	NNS	" There are several black witch covens in the city .
tr	NN	The clearing seemed to be filled with a soft golden light , and a feeling of peace and calm stole over her .
tr	NN	He looked so young , lying there , the stained red comforter fluffed around him , big white pillows under his feet .
tr	NN	The teacher often told Bible stories and there was one about when Jesus had been taken to the top of some tall building or something .
tr	NN	The shifter teacher , Mr. Ferguson , rose to his feet .
tr	NN	There was a computer panel on the wall by the door .
tr	NNS	First the clothing , then his attempts at soothing her fears , and now this dream studio .
tr	NN	The short-story format is one that is often overlooked , but nonetheless essential in the development of creative writing .
tr	NN	Where 's the bloody chaos , man ?
tr	NNS	Hephaestus heaved a great sigh and raised his right arm to hug her when she saw his injury .
tr	NN	Well , almost your guardian angel .
tr	NNS	Alexis rubbed her eyes .
tr	NNS	The butterflies were so bad in my stomach that I started shaking .
tr	NNS	Slightly irritated by such a simple request , a task well below their talent , the designers set about the corridors and did as asked .
tr	NN	The all African regiment earned their fierce reputation in many battles with the Cheyenne .
tr	NN	" Yes your honor , " Hanson replied .
tr	NN	From there , well the whole concept explodes .
tr	NNS	My grandparents used to host a party for the people of St Paul 's Dean many years ago .
tr	NNS	The aromas of the food being cooked in the place couldn 't compete with her unexpected scent of honey .
tr	NNS	" The ladies ' room .
tr	NN	The total lack of interest in his face suggested rather that he was not listening .
tr	NNS	The chains didn 't lie .
tr	NNS	His shower sandals slapped the scarred wood floor .
tr	NN	The dawn came all too soon .
tr	NN	The teacher chuckled as he reloaded his bow .
tr	NNS	There are three possibilities .
tr	NN	That real manifest can 't fall into anyone 's hands . "
tr	NN	An eternity passed and they wheeled Kara into a room where they moved her to overstuffed , leather , Brewer 6000 Access exam table .
tr	NNS	The colors were breathtaking .
tr	NNS	His eyelids become heavy and he drops his voice to a whisper .
tr	NN	" A matched set . "
tr	NN	" You 're smart , doll , making me , desire you , more . "
tr	NN	Her fervor matched his .
tr	NN	Extensive surveillance had delivered up the strong possibility that one of Greaves 's generals had a base of operations out there .
tr	NNS	My eyelids are heavy as I try to open them , letting in small slivers of light when I blink .
tr	NN	Each tourist generates income for the working class by creating multiple service jobs .
tr	NN	But your grandmother and I feel that you have become too deeply involved for us not to reveal the whole story .
tr	NN	His manner seemed brusque and cool .
tr	NNS	The elves show their faces , kidnap two of our own , and we don 't fight them ?
tr	NN	Above a huge fireplace , an African tapestry dominated the room , its black and white colors depicting a village scene .
tr	NN	Why did the term blue balls keep occurring to him ?
tr	NN	Any follower of the light who is killed and can 't be buried has a statue built here .
tr	NNS	" The ancestors are manipulating you into believing they really care about you , but they don 't .
tr	NN	A deep thud from the wainscoting mocked him , followed by another and another .
tr	NN	A thin sheen of perspiration moistened her upper lip , and she swiped at it , eager to dispel the image that refused to leave her mind .
tr	NN	Tate 's unit was there in India .
tr	NNS	The edges of the door glowed amber .
tr	NN	" What was the route ? "
tr	NN	" I understand completely , " agreed the leader .
tr	NN	My other option was to meet with Kiev , and have him answer my questions .
tr	NN	The majority of the video games are throwbacks , like Midway Beach itself .
tr	NNS	Huntress watched the dog and then Bolt walk off , she stopped Frost and asked , " Who is that ? "
tr	NN	Part of him understood he should just tell her about his second " career . "
tr	NNS	Chills prickle her neck where his breath touches .
tr	NNS	The spots returned and my breath came out in gasps at the fire shooting through my leg .
tr	NN	As planned , the shooter had turned toward the charging dog .
tr	NN	" Ok let 's do it , but I want to stick to finding evidence Steph .
tr	NN	" If her father had anyone picked out for her , there 's compensation to be made .
tr	NN	The routine she was familiar with differed only slightly from Paul 's .
tr	NN	His scowl was fierce .
tr	NN	How could its master be in two places at once ?
tr	NNS	Small spotlights swiveled and flashed from their mounts atop bookcases and cabinets to paint the crowd in a rainbow of bright colors .
tr	NNS	Her soft footsteps were like drumbeats as she crossed the floor and stood behind the couch .
tr	NN	The government is in a crisis right now thinking that there might be some level 100s out there somewhere , especially from the Mid East .
tr	NN	The duke shoved him away .
tr	NN	" About time , " a policeman said .
tr	NN	The Norwegian Gem had passed an aircraft carrier in the harbor , and my friend had enjoyed viewing the shuttle Enterprise which was housed on its deck .
tr	NN	Just like with her friends last night , the lack of security is new to me .
tr	NNS	Oil paintings hung at regular intervals along the wall .
tr	NN	My vow to care for him .
tr	NN	Her shriek was loud enough to actually startle him .
tr	NN	The transition of bite victims from life to death can be seamless , even to an observer .
tr	NN	Her snug sweater showed off a soft , curvy figure that begged to be held .
tr	NN	The honeymoon terrified her even more than the wedding .
tr	NN	There was a sharp exclamation , then the shadow began to glow .
tr	NN	The close , synchronous orbit of the asteroid allowed for energy to be harvested .
tr	NNS	Others may have come from sunny Seville in the juicy oranges that were in those times a special treat .
tr	NN	The applause was hesitant at first , but soon thundered through the ballroom .
tr	NNS	There are three distances we measure , 500 yards , one mile , and two miles .
tr	NNS	Damp edges of her hair form little spikes over her forehead .
tr	NN	The dwarf was still apparently undecided .
tr	NN	Sweat and blood stung his eyes .
tr	NN	The lack of blood at the crime scene is stumping police , but they are not digging too deeply into it .
tr	NN	Her posture was tense and her mood too unpredictable for me to want to give her any reaction that might set off a chain reaction .
tr	NNS	But now that he knew her name , chances were good he could learn more .
tr	NNS	The seats made my airline 's first class seats look tiny in comparison .
tr	NNS	Cadmus pulled me to my feet and unbuttoned my gown for me , allowing it to fall in a puddle around my ankles .
tr	NNS	Those creatures were his kind , the cities were his cities , and that noise was his people 's tongue .
tr	NNS	' There are some awfully large gaps in that story , Aunt Pol . '
tr	NN	His defeat will determine whether your race lives in the middle world or in the underworld .
tr	NN	Her maid lay sleeping on a divan .
tr	NN	For no matter what one believes , success only comes when catering to an audience -- the Mark of a True Artist .
tr	NN	His foe , now free , scrambled backwards and to his feet .
tr	NN	The leopard was strong , the best of his clan , perfect for cubs .
tr	NN	The young deputy didn 't seem to believe in dining room etiquette while he ate people .
tr	NNS	The tests alone would objectively decide on the potential verity of the hypothesis .
tr	NN	The captain strapped us into what looked like a big swing for two .
tr	NN	Bone chilling weariness sucked at his jaw .
tr	NN	The only feasible explanation was that I hadn 't put on the emergency brake , but I know I did . "
tr	NNS	Exit signs began to appear soon after , and finally , signs pointing to Waiting Room and Exit promised him a sure escape .
tr	NN	Each helper crushing twice , back and forth , until each foot had been crushed eight times .
tr	NN	No info about the car 's make or model ; he only saw the headlights .
tr	NN	The ram was big , but it was hard to see details . "
tr	NN	That resignation when you knew death was imminent and there was no way out .
tr	NN	The roar of the ocean outside lulled her , but she fought sleep 's call .
tr	NNS	Sweet grains slithered on my tongue .
tr	NNS	The runes must have choked it .
tr	NN	In the end , their loyalty and allegiance would be to their families and their people .
tr	NNS	Rufus demanded gruffly , his grey , bushy eyebrows drawing together in anger at the arrogance of his uninvited guest .
tr	NNS	Finally , the speeches were over and the waiters began clearing the last of the dishes .
tr	NN	Jagger 's skeleton earring .
tr	NN	" An enclosure , like an aviary , " Nanna supplied .
tr	NN	Part of me is exalting .
tr	NNS	Even the roads were colorless and wrapped around the lush green peaks like albino serpents .
tr	NNS	Before she is even able to properly gain her bearings , a heavy knee lands on her lower back just to the right of her spine .
tr	NN	There was a hesitation in Eliza 's voice .
tr	NNS	The frames shook in her hands .
tr	NNS	Heat rises around me , scorching heat the makes me sweat .
tr	NN	The Prophet thought it would be the perfect photo op to have himself and Jesus standing in Future Land .
tr	NNS	Your chances of survival without my help are close to absolute zero . '
tr	NN	A deep chuckle came from the kitchen , and then , " I heard you telling Dawson that two days ago .
tr	NN	Cassie 's pulse quickened .
tr	NN	A single feather from your great wing , and for these gifts your praises I sing .
tr	NNS	There were strange sea creatures stirring underneath .
tr	NNS	His colleagues and the press shrugged off his lackluster performance and quickly forgot about it .
tr	NN	A hesitation entered the security chief 's voice .
tr	NNS	Gramps interrupted with a cheeky grin , and my smile fell .
tr	NN	The rope was tight , and Maya was uncomfortably close to her kidnapper .
tr	NN	There was a sickening smack as several asteroids the size of basketballs slammed into the tail end of the coaster .
tr	NN	The premonition took me by surprise .
tr	NNS	" No promises and no lies . "
tr	NN	His knees shaking and eyes bulging , the little fellow only stood there as we threw our horses around him .
tr	NN	Beneath the second set of stairs , another archway revealed a staircase that led down to the ground floor .
tr	NNS	The dowager duchess shot him a peremptory look as she sat down .
tr	NN	In truth , as dejected as she 'd sounded at their last meeting , the goddess was suffering .
tr	NN	A large crash broke the silence as tables and computer modules fell to the floor .
tr	NNS	Oftentimes , these visitors would ask the children why they were not in school .
tr	NNS	Shouts echoed between the walls .
tr	NN	Similar but different , a scroll tube wrapped in some kind of fireproof cloth .
tr	NN	Except , on that day , the firelight had come from the torches of the rebels as they marched on the palace .
tr	NN	" The Keep has not had a central place to bathe since it was built .
tr	NN	The rain followed us , an unrelenting drizzle .
tr	NN	Another dragon was of course an impossibility , and the Navy would not have him back now .
tr	NN	Nausea crept up , and my heart raced as I fought back the tears .
tr	NN	My daughter 's aura always reacted this way to me .
tr	NNS	Tiny strands of hair rose all around my head .
tr	NN	Below , my pen floated in darkness .
tr	NN	There was a bump on his arm still .
tr	NNS	Some drips of water were coming from the roof of the cavern .
tr	NNS	After all , there were only twenty-six letters in the alphabet , so how unusual was it that he would get some of them mixed up ?
tr	NNS	Things I didn 't recognise .
tr	NN	Genetic damage had nothing to do with it . "
tr	NNS	The nurses and doctors were scurrying about and paying no attention to my needs .
tr	NNS	There were footsteps on the concrete , and Kat pressed herself more tightly against the shelves .
tr	NNS	His fumbled efforts at intended rape had decided Meg on her plan of actions .
tr	NNS	" If anything , " he says , his fingers gripping mine tightly , " the additions to your body give you character .
tr	NNS	" There are some wonders that will not fade when we leave here . "
tr	NN	A bit jealous , are we ? "
tr	NNS	Social creatures inclined to much internal squabbling .
tr	NNS	Waves of emotion shimmered in her eyes and seemed to pain her .
tr	NNS	The whispers of rebellion were growing among the servants , and this sudden outburst had come just a day after the travelers escaped .
tr	NNS	His hopes sank when he realized the pattern in their timing .
tr	NNS	Three cubicles lined one wall with a matching number of sinks opposite , but no urinal .
tr	NN	A reassuring bump came from behind Gregor , and he knew the bug must have scurried up on Ares when the earthquake started .
tr	NNS	The shifting metallic colors of individual cobblestone bricks were unmistakable .
tr	NN	Above us , there is a thunderous crash .
tr	NNS	Hands came up and grabbed her shoulders to stop her from falling backwards .
tr	NN	His assessment wounded me , because even though he 'd been referring to Milena , I knew that I was no different .
tr	NNS	Thoughts like that helped make me less terrified of what was about to happen . "
tr	NN	The bearded hunter didn 't raise his head and continued eating his supper .
tr	NN	The entire map was becoming cluttered with red dots , and countless calls were being made by civilians .
tr	NNS	The channel crackles closed .
tr	NN	" Hey , " Jazz muttered , and ran both hands through her hair .
tr	NNS	More satellites and launch vehicles were in the pipeline , but the two being put up today would allow operations in California to proceed .
tr	NNS	Questions Curios rising on some water up to the bridge .
tr	NNS	Looks like the bitch is going to throw a fit .
tr	NN	" I don 't have to , " the hermit replied , slowly shaking his head .
tr	NNS	All races used strike craft : they were small , single or double pilot ships .
tr	NNS	Black spots danced briefly before her eyes , and a definite nausea churned in her belly .
tr	NNS	The tightness of the space crushes my lungs , pushing all air from them .
tr	NN	A slave carrying a weapon - especial y a weapon like that - won 't have a chance .
tr	NN	" Love isn 't something you can talk yourself out of .
tr	NN	The colonel was amp ; jet jockey , for heaven 's sake .
tr	NN	And gin smells disgusting so I 've never even been tempted .
tr	NNS	The only cookies I ever had when I was growing up were Oreo cookies . "
tr	NN	Even his uncle and aunt and bastard cousin .
tr	NN	A grating shriek tore his attention to the door .
tr	NN	Williams 's family night tradition came with dinner and games .
tr	NN	The sentence caused her to genuinely smile .
tr	NNS	Looks of horror , fright , fear , incredulity evidenced on each countenance .
tr	NN	There was a map of Pennsylvania and one for Beech Creek .
tr	NNS	Others often found his ability unnerving .
tr	NNS	Her classes , unlike work , started at ten in the morning and usually finished up around two .
tr	NNS	Her juices would run down her hand and she 'd turn her hungry mouth to him .
tr	NN	A bullock cart stood beside one fire , stacked high with refuse .
tr	NN	A tray rested on the end table , chair on one side , bed on the other .
tr	NNS	Starbucks greets them in passing .
tr	NN	The face powder , mascara , false eyelashes , and blush disappear .
tr	NNS	Heavy white letters scroll over the dark background , spelling out a phrase I 've come to fear .
tr	NN	Your education is far from over .
tr	NNS	Above us , thousands of wings flutter .
tr	NNS	Once I 'm certain the nurses have gone I go back into the corridor and finally make it to the storage room .
tr	NN	There 's your proof .
tr	NN	Have you a healer you can summon if ' t is more serious than I fear ? "
tr	NN	Human mass is an organism that can function only in case of well-coordinated work of all its part .
tr	NNS	The Souls of those with severe enough wounds departed their broken bodies and fled to their standard issue swords .
tr	NNS	Things were definitely spiraling out of control .
tr	NNS	Moses puzzled over everything , but felt nothing .
tr	NN	Her pulse was beginning to race again .
tr	NN	Our little shrub did all that ?
tr	NNS	The contents aren 't what I see .
tr	NNS	However , at least for Clay , the materials were somewhat interesting and mildly informative ; he knew very little about class actions so everything was new .
tr	NNS	There are probably thousands , if not tens of thousands , of women that you could describe in the same way . "
tr	NN	Your uncle was particularly incensed at discovering Grover tried to murder you . "
tr	NNS	Nicodemus leaned down and whispered in her ear at that point .
tr	NN	Link was pale , even for a quarter Incubus .
tr	NNS	Others were trying to pretend they were otherwise occupied but I saw their glances sliding towards us .
tr	NNS	Cadmus reached over and caught my fingers and we held hands as we picked through the bristly wildflowers .
tr	NNS	Calliope shudders , and that 's when I remember her second-place curse .
tr	NNS	Cadmus had made contact .
tr	NN	The bullet tore right through him and flew toward the front of the vehicle .
tr	NN	The mass of darkness encircled the hill and formed a swift and hasty circle around it , swallowing up the entire forest beneath .
tr	NN	The Garden of Rest looked like something from a movie : there was a low ground mist which threw everything into soft focus .
tr	NN	The xenon gas for the ion drives on return flight , which was six days shorter , was already in the inner hollow walls of the spacecraft .
tr	NNS	The letters hadn 't seemed threatening , and there might be no connection at all .
tr	NN	Human medicine had screwed me over .
tr	NNS	Questions bounced around Kylie 's mind as her feet hit the earth .
tr	NNS	Werewolves were difficult to kill .
tr	NN	The pilot fought thermals rising from the desert as the dark sands slowly released the sun 's heat .
tr	NNS	Why the big sales pitch ?
tr	NN	Mild embarrassment tugged one side of my mouth into a smile .
tr	NN	The sheriff approved my request for a vacation day , so I thought I 'd head out early .
tr	NNS	" Six planets , " Flattery whispered .
tr	NN	The dragon in the woods is really the dragon that you have to defeat ? "
tr	NNS	" Even if the old man is dead , " LaRue cautioned , " there are other alligators in this area . "
tr	NN	Suddenly , the yard wasn 't dark anymore .
tr	NNS	The guardians led the protesting Alchemists out of the room , though we could continue to hear them make threats until they were well down the hall .
tr	NN	My balance was questionable when I wasn 't nak * d with my arms pinned to the top of my head .
tr	NNS	The supplies he 'd ordered and paid for were back in El Mirador on the storekeeper 's porch .
tr	NN	Only after he signed the sixth contract did he begin to hear a smattering of applause that slowly grew into a rousing cheer .
tr	NNS	Looks like she 's got it where it counts . "
tr	NN	Even the secret black market of dreams had disbanded without the Regime to give them reason and purpose .
tr	NN	The attractive blonde continued to stand motionless , staring at Dan with her mouth open .
tr	NNS	Summers were normal too .
tr	NN	Her braid swung around whipping him in the back .
tr	NN	A weakness he would use to his full advantage .
tr	NN	Because she 's still looking like a dark , pissed-off angel there in the middle of the wet highway .
tr	NNS	Without it , all their efforts were in vain .
tr	NNS	My bloodlines , and yours , have the power to bolster us to the top of the league . "
tr	NNS	The regular users can only search for a particular edition , and they have limited printing rights . "
tr	NNS	Looks like he 's waiting for something or ... " She paused as another man stepped onto the bridge .
tr	NNS	Sure , the races took on old habits but there was no extinction and that was over half a century left alone .
tr	NNS	I could see greenhouses full of tomatoes and cucumbers , there were grapes and plums .
tr	NN	Her trot suddenly turned into a full out run .
tr	NNS	The gorillas had used the stick to lift the bottom of the fence , enabling one to crawl through .
tr	NNS	" Where are the cameras ?
tr	NNS	My demands hadn 't moved the rest of them .
tr	NNS	Alexis sat down and watched the other car drive down the highway .
tr	NNS	The yellow flags loomed close .
tr	NN	That beeping was reassuring .
tr	NN	To that extent that human being lack Sound Judgment , are their moral standards slack .
tr	NNS	Others had drifted further and further apart until it was too late .
tr	NN	The sharing is fair for the sex , but the sleeping arrangements are not .
tr	NN	Unfortunately , that inclination has gotten out of hand .
tr	NNS	But there were always deaths in this manner .
tr	NNS	There were no other suspects .
tr	NN	In and around the workbench were several computer units .
tr	NN	The van pulled in , plunging us into darkness .
tr	NNS	Perhaps other family members had gone by the name as well ?
tr	NNS	If the sisters don 't offer assistance the immortals will ! "
tr	NN	" There 's a campfire .
tr	NN	Love is something that one person has for another person .
tr	NN	The owl could be anything .
tr	NNS	There were several even rows of houses with some higher buildings towards the back of the town -- towards the mountains .
tr	NN	Her teacher had given her an escape .
tr	NN	But in the middle of the night a much simpler explanation occurred to me ; she literally ' feels ' each lever falling into place .
tr	NNS	Our species is nearly extinct also . "
tr	NN	The bullet ripped through his forehead tearing through the bone of his cranium , leaving his brain and skull splattered across the wall .
tr	NNS	" And then there were all those signs in the city .
tr	NN	The angel jumped up , rage alighting in his eyes .
tr	NNS	Elias had shot her .
tr	NNS	The skyscrapers are a lot higher in New York . "
tr	NNS	And the dinosaurs listened .
tr	NN	Love wasn 't sure which model but it looked sporty and fast , even ' nippy ' .
tr	NN	The next leader of this house may choose to rescind the privileges that Circle enjoys and become an absolute ruler like my father was .
tr	NNS	" Strange , " I told Muncie later , " artists typically have an overabundance of joie de vivre .
tr	NNS	The pink dolphins seemed to think that teaching me how to swim was almost as important as nursing me was .
tr	NN	Reality came zooming in as her eyelids fluttered open .
tr	NNS	The passengers began to murmur among themselves and to take note of the armed men in black who seemed to be their new masters .
tr	NNS	Your extra tickets are on this card .
tr	NN	Within a short time , the deafening gunfire started again .
tr	NN	Jazz resisted the urge to snort a laugh and repeated her pantomime with the bartender .
tr	NN	The lieutenant gave the green light and they prepared for forceful entry .
tr	NNS	There are so many negative effects if man could live forever .
tr	NN	" The scar is part of me now .
tr	NN	The male tender moved to the side of the female .
tr	NN	Another grunt and no further reply so she assumed Nick wasn 't coming back .
tr	NNS	Words still wouldn 't come .
tr	NN	Part of you would love to pluck out my eyes while I screamed . "
tr	NN	The foliage rustled and shook .
tr	NN	The welfare of the rath and my people comes first .
tr	NN	the astonished Irishman said .
tr	NN	Soon the school term would be over and they would have the Summer free of teaching .
tr	NN	" Her mane and tail are ... " " Fully dexterous , " Squall confirmed .
tr	NNS	There were rows and rows of tables and chairs , the sound of dishes clattering and the strong aroma of cooking food .
tr	NNS	But all the teachers seemed to know he was coming though . "
tr	NN	Love wasn 't listening .
tr	NN	Her girly pink nightgown bunched up over the thing 's furry arm as she struggled to get free .
tr	NNS	The banks were mostly bare too .
tr	NN	A ninja leapt over to the Boy from behind a tree and sat beside him .
tr	NN	But the flashlight was already getting dimmer .
tr	NN	And my habit blew with the gusty wind showing my backside to everyone that passed .
tr	NNS	Flowers have power . "
tr	NNS	By the time he had finished , his companions were all back in the shelter of the adobe building , somebody 's home .
tr	NN	" I 'm refunding your fare , " said the captain .
tr	NNS	Reyes wanted to see the images from her dreams , the angels and the demons , the gods and goddesses .
tr	NNS	But if all rats were bad , who was this strange creature staring at him from across the fire , offering to be their guide ?
tr	NNS	There are no dangerous objects detected . "
tr	NNS	There were three types of beer .
tr	NN	" What 's your proof she 's college material ? "
tr	NN	A layer of fine dust had covered everything .
tr	NN	My rigid posture slumps ever so slightly , and I look down so that she can 't see the tears pricking my eyes .
tr	NNS	" Things went wrong .
tr	NNS	As she grabbed it off the counter top , the edges crumpled with her rough handling .
tr	NN	An intricately carved wooden desk sat at the end of the room .
tr	NN	Instantly a great grinding of gears sounded .
tr	NN	A bundle of blue roses sits before me on the prep counter .
tr	NNS	" My instincts warn that I had best hasten to the beach to help keep watch . "
tr	NN	Vampires are cunning creatures they don 't sleep in coffins , crosses and garlic don 't work .
tr	NNS	Perhaps aliens had captured him , and he was trapped in some spaceship circling uncharted universes .
tr	NNS	' Those creatures , ' he said .
tr	NNS	There are factions here , as I said before . "
tr	NN	No missing children reports , no kidnapping charges .
tr	NNS	The successful beggars , then , were those who managed to draw attention .
tr	NN	But their core was not : when their mortal shell falls , they return to occupy the conch .
tr	NN	" What if this ticket is a winner ? "
tr	NN	My uncle will speak my words to you now , since he was an effective messenger before . " '
tr	NNS	The few swarms that materialized before us all quickly backed away at our approach .
tr	NNS	To my surprise , there were lavender pillows on the sofas and a lavender rug beneath a white polished table .
tr	NNS	The white areas were smaller , the other colors taking more space .
tr	NN	The young master has seen the bottom of a bottle . "
tr	NNS	His vital signs are back to normal , the remaining kidney is functioning , and he 's starting to get some strength back .
tr	NN	The sheriff will return from looking for me , and find you as the new town judge with full support from the district judge . "
tr	NN	Before I could protest , the dragon spread its great wings and took off .
tr	NN	The captain was moving him to a safe house . "
tr	NNS	Chills surge through me .
tr	NN	His face shone with a bright smile as my mother came back into the kitchen .
tr	NN	This prison was nothing like Terrence Ford 's .
tr	NN	Jazz grunted around a mouthful of French fries .
tr	NNS	Melanie 's hopes deflated further as she lugged her suitcase several avenues to the subway station and hoisted it down several flights of stairs .
tr	NN	But the majority of your brain is thinking about the situation at hand .
tr	NN	Still , the guilt was there , and it came from a deep , hurtful place .
tr	NN	At any time , their employer could determine their location and whether they were running on schedule .
tr	NN	The leader of the gang calls out , glancing around the massive room .
tr	NNS	Dead skin cells have to be removed . "
tr	NN	In the end , this habit contributed the evidence in my case .
tr	NNS	Behind us the zombies had entered the house and were now crowding into the hallway .
tr	NNS	There were long hugs for Elise and warm handshakes for me .
tr	NN	The instinct to kill if necessary in order to stay alive , there 's war beneath our skin .
tr	NNS	Things appeared different than they were known to be during the day .
tr	NNS	The rehearsals are fun , but a girl can only be Puck for so long . "
tr	NN	" The proof is on Alana 's computer .
tr	NN	Sun Song Sleep in the body of my heart .
tr	NN	The chase was over and he would win .
tr	NNS	" The wild kindred races withdrew from most human contact decades ago .
tr	NNS	The powder trails seemed to burn more slowly than he remembered , and his anxiety about failing increased .
tr	NNS	All three detectives looked at her in astonishment .
tr	NN	Final y , the professors got everyone rounded up and led us inside the hotel , which was in the center of the whole Powder complex .
tr	NN	The small audience had not had much time to prepare .
tr	NNS	Things were chaotic as precious minutes slipped by .
tr	NN	He wore a long black cloak , his hood pulled down over his eyes .
tr	NN	To the right of the window a gutter pipe snaked a path from the roof to the cobbles below .
tr	NN	Abe 's receptionist was his wife , Estelle .
tr	NNS	After the wagon train was located by the river , the burying done and the train secured , the travelers went to sleep .
tr	NN	History , especially future history , is too rigid .
tr	NN	Every inch seemed infested .
tr	NNS	The malignant cells are damaging your body .
tr	NNS	" My hair was standing up on the back of my neck , though I didn 't understand the meaning of anything the beautiful creatures were saying .
tr	NN	When they 'd first met , the description that had come to mind had been earnestly adorable .
tr	NNS	Diggs took one look at me standing there shivering , dripping rainwater onto his faded linoleum floor , and all traces of his earlier anger vanished .
tr	NNS	Bugs still harbored resentment toward the lass .
tr	NN	" Of course , the mayor had his sights set on Maddy too .
tr	NNS	But wolves beat both bears and Felines in the ability to follow scent .
tr	NN	an Ancient said with authority .
tr	NN	No matter how many powers and abilities he now had as a vampire , there was no forgetting what he 'd lost .
tr	NNS	Names , characters , places , and events are fictitious .
tr	NNS	" The usual withdrawal symptoms are weakness , fatigue , abdominal problems , anxiety , and depression .
tr	NNS	Folks are kinder to widows than to jilted brides . "
tr	NNS	Delores looked at me suspiciously .
tr	NN	Just how much damage had I done to my body ?
tr	NN	The closer we got , the scarier the old house looked .
tr	NNS	Ship technology officer Angelica knew better than to reveal any protocols in front of the rest of the team .
tr	NNS	" Where 's the med supplies ? "
tr	NN	A mosaic of trees with shimmering silver leaves crept up to the ceiling , woven into the pattern of the cool mint tiles .
tr	NN	" It 's my greatest passion , " he says in his husky voice , " the education of girls like you .
tr	NN	" Her reset pattern .
tr	NN	Does instinct just take over ?
tr	NN	Heavy equipment was on both sides of the road , blocking my view .
tr	NN	My handsome neighbor looked at me as if I 'd grown a snake 's head and hissed .
tr	NNS	Men 's suit jackets flapped .
tr	NN	The head cleric walked up a wide flight of stairs to the main entrance .
tr	NN	They couldn , t find any evidence of anyone .
tr	NNS	The once dark brown depths were a deep amber as she looked at him .
tr	NN	As she went , a glint caught Medusa 's eye .
tr	NN	A responsible adult would have never taken lighting the barbeque to such an extreme measure .
tr	NN	" -- from the refugee camp . "
tr	NN	A chorus of guffaws followed as the crew cheered him on .
tr	NNS	Two items out of all the bobbles called to him , catching his eye .
tr	NN	His mountain climbing stories never fail to draw a huge crowd .
tr	NNS	Alexis personally made all the arrangements for Victoria 's funeral and burial .
tr	NN	Hector 's crewmen jumped to his orders , mindful that any delay might bring out the monster in Hector .
tr	NN	" The celebration which will follow will rival any period wedding of the time of the Renaissance .
tr	NNS	" Things have worked out in unexpected ways .
tr	NN	Advancing my secret agenda was the last thing on my mind until I heard that name .
tr	NNS	For the third time in a too-small time frame there are Officials at our house .
tr	NN	" My current contract expires in April . "
tr	NNS	The already tight quarters were now quite cramped .
tr	NNS	Valerius took three steps , then paused and turned back toward them .
tr	NN	Grand 's boot ground the deck , and he took two large steps toward Mr. Waters .
tr	NN	There was no forensic proof .
tr	NN	In the body of the leopard , his own hunger was doubly difficult to restrain .
tr	NN	Shimmer 's creamy mane and tail contrasted with the surrounding darkness .
tr	NN	For our monthly birthday lunch . "
tr	NN	Once she 'd seen a picture , the doll would remain in her memory forever .
tr	NN	Your virginity belongs to me . "
tr	NN	" It was worth it Maria , the video set my mind at peace . "
tr	NN	The agony of the thought shot through him , searing to his very soul .
tr	NNS	The door breaks and swings inward .
tr	NN	This time his h * ps jerked and I heard his growl emanating low from his throat .
tr	NNS	Wings opened up , thin arms and legs stretched out , and a dark face with white eyes and white fangs lifted toward him .
tr	NN	Far from being empty , the landing was full of men and suspicion .
tr	NN	The new Global Stock exchange had some of the best security in the business .
tr	NN	A dull roar swiftly swept the valley floor and traveled up the lookout to reach the ears of those in the house .
tr	NNS	The stakes are different but fundamentally it 's the same . "
tr	NN	Yet , there was still a hunger inside her that she suddenly feared would never really be gone .
tr	NNS	Sirens moaned in the distance , and footsteps approached with a slow and steady crunch .
tr	NNS	Looks like I won 't have to force him to stab her after all .
tr	NN	My sexuality had always been something I pushed away .
tr	NNS	A moment later , the five planes skimmed low over the area .
tr	NNS	Why , my mother 's hoops were more practical .
tr	NN	" Driving the aliens away from Mars , I should think , " replied the British ambassador .
tr	NNS	The striking differences in her hair , skin and eye color were startling enough to be attractive .
tr	NN	The pulse of it raced from hands to Louisa 's heart .
tr	NNS	Lives are at stake . "
tr	NNS	Five werewolves I 'd never seen before were weaving menacingly through the crowded bar .
tr	NN	And their approval was essential given they 'd be paying for it .
tr	NN	His current partner , Jake Riordan , liked to talk to pass the time .
tr	NN	Instantly the cafeteria became silent and heads turned in my direction .
tr	NN	The divorce was swift , and he could see Maria Rosa every Saturday and for a ten-day vacation each year .
tr	NNS	Things will go back to the way they were for you , that is all I can offer . "
tr	NN	The hardship is for me to have to waste my time on her .
tr	NNS	The windshield wipers slapped against the window in high gear .
tr	NNS	" The twins , " Dagmar repeated .
tr	NN	Suddenly , the shield blocking her vanished .
tr	NNS	The wisps of vapor had thickened into a dense mist that generated a pale light .
tr	NNS	Elias stood a few feet away , and the faint glow from a street light revealed the haggard appearance of his face .
tr	NNS	Sea creatures of every appearance prowled out of reach , oblivious , or maybe not , to the Elemental 's clumsy drift .
tr	NN	The artifact he was wearing could see your planet but it could also see the anomaly that the projector creates being in this room .
tr	NNS	Jackson opened his eyes , their green depths sparkling as he grinned at me .
tr	NNS	The cobwebs clinging to her hair and the spider that crawled from underneath the lid did nothing to alleviate her jitters .
tr	NN	There was a click as the call ended .
tr	NNS	The awesome antebellum mansions were seductively silent and gloomy .
tr	NNS	The first night Nash spent in his apartment after the art show , the emptiness ate at him .
tr	NNS	Makes Ryan pretty much untouchable . "
tr	NN	Only a brat took constant handouts without protest .
tr	NN	" There was no altering of what I saw in Mira 's eyes .
tr	NNS	Doors will slam shut in her face if she weds you .
tr	NN	I asked , playing his game , because there was no doubt what I was thinking , no question Jared was trailing those thoughts like a hound .
tr	NNS	Alexis sat down at the table and picked up her glass of wine .
tr	NN	Dahlia feared if she didn 't control it , lightning would arc .
tr	NN	The dragon hissed at Bax as though it didn 't approve of his telling Matthew what to do .
tr	NN	Part of me was glad he didn 't bring it up .
tr	NN	The sunshine helped , however , and as the morning passed she realized that her carriage made excellent time .
tr	NNS	The fairy tales I 'm reading are coming true . "
tr	NNS	Things like that don 't happen to me .
tr	NNS	The other networks are saying pretty much the same thing .
tr	NNS	If sirens and gremlins existed then endless hallways wouldn 't be too farfetched .
tr	NN	" Bury her , " the intruder said .
tr	NNS	The pills were still there .
tr	NNS	Local media were interviewing some of those scientists , who did indeed have official numbers in hand and gladly showed anyone who wanted to see .
tr	NNS	" Messy campaigns , " Reacher said .
tr	NNS	There 're cameras everywhere .
tr	NNS	At home , his servants bent over backwards trying to anticipate his every need , eager to please the man .
tr	NNS	Yeah , three fountains , and then you 're going to want to take a right .
tr	NNS	" Things don 't sort of appear , Kenna .
tr	NNS	There were seats lined up , and she had a clear view of the underwater reefs .
tr	NN	" Oh , and they ´ re staying for supper , " the senator adds .
tr	NN	An injection stabbed me in the arm .
tr	NNS	Reyes stepped into the room and moved toward the hearth .
tr	NNS	Doors , doors , doors all burst open .
tr	NN	When you 're in it , the siren is squatting on top of you .
tr	NN	" Well , the defense tripped the Tottenham forward within the goal box , so that 's an automatic red card .
tr	NNS	The remaining two opponents approached Abbey .
tr	NN	The election had been that night , and he 'd won the court seat by a wide margin .
tr	NN	Every priest she kills now will be one less that we 'll have to kill when this is over . "
tr	NN	Could the murderer have escaped between the time she fled and the time Bremer reached the door ?
tr	NNS	The edges of wildness intruded on her senses , but even stronger was her own will pressing back , for once choosing not to change .
tr	NNS	Bonded pairs can 't live without each other . "
tr	NN	Your honor shines through , and I love you for it . "
tr	NN	The majority hung from a strap around the back of my neck , supported by a belt that cinched at the waist .
tr	NNS	As the adrenaline raced through her body , her instincts kicked in .
tr	NNS	Tobias ' eyelids suddenly grew heavy and his eyes fell shut , leaving him alone in the darkness , as though buried in the black earth .
tr	NNS	" Things have changed ; it 's just not too noticeable .
tr	NNS	The door slams shut as I topple inside .
tr	NN	" But I real y need a friend . "
tr	NN	There was a small clatter on the other end of the line .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared with his anger .
tr	NN	There was another slight hesitation on the other end of the line , then she told him , " I need your help . "
tr	NNS	But there were more than two Sentinels .
tr	NNS	Instead of four spaces for quarters there were three spaces for irregularly shaped coins in the tray .
tr	NN	There was no hesitation in her eyes , no fear , no uncertainty .
tr	NNS	Others simply hung up on him .
tr	NNS	Solar flares release an enormous amount of energy ; even a modest flare can double the amount of ultraviolet radiation emitted by the entire solar surface .
tr	NN	This maneuver was risky .
tr	NNS	The abilities are separate from each other -- individual entities that cannot mix , like oil and water .
tr	NN	" This castle is providing you a great protection .
tr	NNS	Tony 's uniforms and casual clothes still hung on one side of the large walk-in closet .
tr	NNS	The currents could short out your senses or even kill you .
tr	NNS	" Things , " Aunt Zelda reminded everyone on the bridge , " are not always as they seem .
tr	NNS	Overhead , fireworks lit up the night sky , raining streams of color into the Atlantic .
tr	NN	When at last I damped the strings an older gentleman stood leaning against the uneven reliefs on the wall .
tr	NNS	More facts , though , could help seal the case against these criminals . "
tr	NNS	The passions rising in him started to come out .
tr	NNS	Others were more forgiving ; the woman had lost her man and was left to raise a daughter and care for his mother by herself .
tr	NNS	Nerves ripple through me .
tr	NN	My momma had given me the body and looks that I used to my advantage .
tr	NNS	I give him a brave smile , then scowl at the sallow watery blood that leaks out of the incision .
tr	NNS	The ladies said if I give them the co-ordinates they 'll come with us . "
tr	NNS	Behind us , the sirens were close and getting closer .
tr	NN	The first mate spotted Matthew and the others making their way towards the forecastle and became livid .
tr	NN	" Over-the-counter medicine should be fine .
tr	NNS	Now , if Soph 's in the story as well , the chances are she 'll come into it at some point .
tr	NNS	The two Scots elves gaped at the metal figure .
tr	NNS	His kisses , while pleasant , didn 't make her heart pound or send her blood racing .
tr	NN	The photo studio was much easier to find than any sign of Gustav .
tr	NN	The parking garage was easy to find with the lighted blue entrance sign .
tr	NN	Your weakness will speak well of you in his courts . "
tr	NN	Besides , my phone 's log also tells me you 've called ... a lot . "
tr	NN	The piper pulled a short length of pipe from inside his jacket .
tr	NN	A new resolve took hold .
tr	NNS	" The living quarters are on this side .
tr	NN	It was an elaborate chocolate cake , artfully decorated in the kind of fanciful icing designs the gentry loved .
tr	NN	The countryside was strangely quiet for all the men assembled on it .
tr	NNS	Both cases closed quickly and both men seemed to be getting more frustrated with each other .
tr	NN	Her school teacher persona stepped up .
tr	NNS	But the fountains were what caught and held my attention .
tr	NN	The semblance of a normal life he had painstakingly carved out for himself here in Manhattan would shatter in an instant .
tr	NNS	Four figures and what looked like a huge dog were walking toward her down a stone tunnel , one carrying a flashlight .
tr	NNS	Standing on Howard Street at night by the bus station , thousands of birds crying .
tr	NNS	His footsteps were very audible to him , even over the gusts of wind that stirred up some of the ground coverings .
tr	NNS	The hotels were a success . "
tr	NNS	" Things , " he said vaguely .
tr	NNS	His flying insects buzzed after him , rapidly falling behind .
tr	NN	And the vast majority of people didn 't want to risk dying or torture .
tr	NN	" I would guess there were more , " The auburn returned .
tr	NNS	On this side of the island , at least , the shores were rocky , jagged , and utterly forbidding .
tr	NN	With the rank of Sergeant came the honor of leading Marines in combat .
tr	NNS	Smells like she used the whole bottle . "
tr	NN	The lead investigator had asked me if I was alone on the rail , and where my guardian was .
tr	NNS	" Your Highness , I trust you 're doing well ? "
tr	NNS	Animals suddenly went missing and people feared the dark .
tr	NN	There was a pale blue outline of a fish that stretched from just above his wrist almost to his elbow .
tr	NN	After a pause , the chaplain added : " I didn 't use the word ' bastard ' . "
tr	NNS	" In any homicide , the police look at the husband or boyfriend first , then extended family members and friends .
tr	NNS	Until these tunnels are ours !
tr	NNS	The fans warmed up to Chapter One of this story , presented tonight with Rollins 's face turn .
tr	NNS	As music swelled , the iconic characters surrounded an empty classroom seat .
tr	NN	" Try this one ... " The lens dilated , unleashing a cyclonic tunnel punching through the air toward them .
tr	NNS	Two vials had once been enough for me to pay the electricity in my apartment for a month , or a nice pair of shoes .
tr	NNS	There are still too many ideas , but she is working to get them out as fast as she can .
tr	NN	A rider on fine white pony trotted into the clearing .
tr	NNS	" My credentials as Special Operations Officer at the time gave me access to almost any official building or installation .
tr	NN	There 's an organization in the States called Women in the Wilderness .
tr	NN	The growling continued between deep , heaving breaths .
tr	NN	The captain nodded his thanks and Beatriz climbed aboard the ferry .
tr	NN	Edgar 's aura alone seemed to transform the dilapidated bench into a velvet lounge .
tr	NNS	Your conversational skills were dazzling .
tr	NNS	There were barely any streetlights around .
tr	NNS	Having finished their fashion battle , the four tired servants left Thomas alone with Gatsby .
tr	NN	" There 's a flashlight in the glove compartment ... " " The glove compartment is completely blocked by branches .
tr	NN	The most likely scenario is that he 's representing an interested bidder who prefers to remain anonymous .
tr	NN	Beyond his job , the inspector had become her lone tie to reality .
tr	NNS	The uniforms were drab and there seemed to be a singular lack of fanaticism , so it must be the first part .
tr	NN	Abruptly , the GPS unit began to blink .
tr	NNS	Overhead , a few flyers sailed over the clogged streets .
tr	NN	The airship 's cargo bay opened and a cantilevered arm swung from out of the ship .
tr	NN	Her pulse and breathing quickened and her stomach fisted with desire .
tr	NNS	Things that stayed inside envelopes were time bombs .
tr	NNS	Then the cards were in motion , and the symbols and numbers drew her out of her musings .
tr	NNS	Thoughts can change , but spoken words can 't . "
tr	NN	This routine , done perfectly every weekday , had become a comfort for Steven over the years .
tr	NNS	Myles had no idea .
tr	NNS	Its members were wealthy , and they were intimately familiar with the other wealthy people in the area .
tr	NN	The dart lodged in his chest .
tr	NNS	Romulus growled in response .
tr	NNS	The two dwarfs , staring straight ahead , both nodded imperceptibly .
tr	NNS	Both documents were identical in every way , but none of them yielded even the slightest hint of the Wellspring 's location .
tr	NN	The tail and the phone calls had been afterthoughts .
tr	NNS	Their uniforms were too tight in all the right places .
tr	NN	Not only has he not forgotten our anniversary , but he has also purchased the perfect gift .
tr	NNS	His kisses made her weak .
tr	NNS	Our tongues are shy at first , like two kids meeting on a playground .
tr	NN	The scar was the result of hitting the windshield when the car went into the icy water .
tr	NN	A thrill of something hot and delicious swept through her veins .
tr	NN	My mate is now what I am and she made no such promise .
tr	NN	Azriel 's seat mate slipped him a piece of paper that read , " Tell him what hedge funds are . "
tr	NNS	Special treats might entice participation , and once the captive audience was arranged , some game of puzzles or story telling or memory recollections would ensue .
tr	NN	Last night 's hunt had brought him to this area , but the trail the scent of her blood left behind had grown cold .
tr	NN	When it flashes , slide open the door .
tr	NNS	There 's thousands of them , man . "
tr	NN	Part of me had known from that moment that I was fighting a man much too skilled to defeat .
tr	NN	" My grandmother warned me about this .
tr	NN	The roar in her ears swelled like ocean echoes in a conch shell .
tr	NN	' Only misfortune follows that man .
tr	NN	This gel here knows Ashton ! "
tr	NNS	From one end of the table to the other , the members surrounded it , a phalanx of mourners in black .
tr	NNS	The species was too close to extinction .
tr	NNS	How much it 's worth ; what her chances are of selling it . "
tr	NNS	There are paintings and carvings etched into walls adorned with bright colors .
tr	NN	Trevino 's vice was marijuana , but if he smoked on duty it was never in my presence , and I never bothered to ask .
tr	NN	Had Ferry been listening ?
tr	NNS	The muggy , humid temperatures of Bali were a shock after the much cooler weather of New York .
tr	NNS	Sylvie 's extended relatives shook James 's hand and talked to him about sports and cars and Boston .
tr	NNS	The fleas were back .
tr	NNS	There are levels of awful , and that 's near the top . "
tr	NN	There is Buddy 's stature as one of the truly original artists of his time .
tr	NN	Their shared suffering had conferred no grace or nobility .
tr	NNS	Almost all dwarves look pretty much alike .
tr	NN	His Hand now holds mine and I know how much my rebellion cost Him : His very life .
tr	NN	The cowboy took the lantern from where it had been hanging and held it out toward the thicket of gloom .
tr	NN	Still another shelf held several hardback contemporary novels written by Stella Raven .
tr	NN	A plume of flame jetted from his nose , scorching the grass before him .
tr	NN	Jazz quickened her pace to get past it faster .
tr	NN	His personality was extremely overpowering .
tr	NN	" Hi , Aria , it 's Jasmine Fuji , " came the agent 's smooth , professional tone .
tr	NN	No matter how slowly she walked , the rocky soil crunched beneath her feet , but she wasn 't too concerned about drawing attention .
tr	NNS	Chapter 13 Xmas Day Kieron was still confused , the surroundings were strange , but he didn 't feel threatened .
tr	NNS	Now his activities seemed more sinister .
tr	NNS	Good thing Rory only met up with Cian .
tr	NN	The receptionist looked at the appointment book .
tr	NNS	" There are several messengers looking for my property .
tr	NNS	" Animals have keener senses .
tr	NN	Damn it , what in the hell had that little mortal been thinking to enter the Hie ?
tr	NNS	The seas were very big now and the wind was strong .
tr	NN	Before she knew it Mattie 's fifth birthday was just around the corner .
tr	NN	His armed escorts had failed to meet him at the location , as planned .
tr	NN	His recovery in the last twenty-four hours has been remarkable . "
tr	NNS	If I came from you , congratulations for making something wonderful .
tr	NNS	Several zombies were closing in on a young golden retriever .
tr	NNS	Others are hoping to escape during the heat of the battle . "
tr	NNS	Chess and I are great friends , and he has been nothing but kind .
tr	NN	Jazz wasn 't sure she approved of it .
tr	NN	And there was my Mustang .
tr	NNS	Dad 's eyelids are trembling now too , and in front of all these strangers .
tr	NN	My goal is to have this wrapped up in thirty days . "
tr	NNS	The snake 's scales and coils twined around on one another , rasping .
tr	NN	Part of me wanted to shake him and demand that he stop treating me like a child .
tr	NNS	In a way , the drugs were probably a blessing to her because it numbed her .
tr	NN	" No pretending needed . "
tr	NN	A single bullet should do enough damage to destroy the shell 's circuitry .
tr	NN	" Follow me , " the bully adds .
tr	NN	A molded gelatin salad rested in the center of the dining-room table .
tr	NN	The Gypsy crouched in the saddle , as would a jockey .
tr	NNS	There were too many warriors in the room watching her who weren 't her kin .
tr	NN	" Just a few moments longer sir , the traffic lane is moving along now . "
tr	NN	The initial goal , after the bomb goes off and the dust is settling , is to protect the stock price .
tr	NNS	Her blades were of no help in slowing Crowe down , so Mira grabbed for her pistol .
tr	NNS	Quiet sobs raked my throat until it was so hoarse and raw I could hardly breathe .
tr	NN	the captain hollered over the speaking tube .
tr	NN	A loud snapping click drew his gaze over to the clockwork mechanism on the floor .
tr	NN	Its appetite was inexhaustible .
tr	NN	The hood of the car tore off , slid sideways like a Frisbee , sliced into the woman , and kept flying .
tr	NN	Once Zeke 's dad is elected Governor , the Russian mob will control the state of Arkansas .
tr	NNS	The contents would make the flames burn different colours .
tr	NN	Her uncertainty nearly slayed him .
tr	NNS	In a scene from a perfect horror movie , zombies stumbled out of the darkness , their target now in sight .
tr	NNS	There were almost specific locations , almost specific dates .
tr	NN	A slide of a chair caught her attention and she cast both eyes to the center of the room .
tr	NNS	As we tried to hold them off , rumours reached us that Ishmael was among us .
tr	NN	The shawl complemented her , silver and satiny , dripping down her arms the same way her hair slid over Cameron 's body when they made love .
tr	NNS	10 Inside my body , my cells felt like they were exploding .
tr	NN	" Oh , my granddaughter has been practicing every night for the past two weeks .
tr	NNS	Banning took a nervous step away from the figure in the bib overalls , who had ceased being his Grandpa and had become instead a lightning rod .
tr	NNS	Stacks lay on the floor and rose on the uppermost shelves to the ceiling .
tr	NN	The map rolled up with a snap , startling him .
tr	NNS	The losses on both sides were still sickening .
tr	NNS	The Others controlled all the fuel needed to run the engines and heat the buildings .
tr	NNS	The warriors yelled wildly .
tr	NN	My little slice of the big universe ... " Maybe his captive audience of execs were paid to listen to this garbage but I wasn 't .
tr	NNS	Things are going to blow up once they find you . "
tr	NN	The ring leader didn 't have a chance .
tr	NNS	These facts were certain .
tr	NNS	Her own actions of heavy drinking throughout the evening only confirmed the trap she 'd now set for herself .
tr	NNS	The hard planes of his face were clearly Slavic , softened only by full lips .
tr	NNS	There were more than a few chuckles around the group .
tr	NN	MARA AS I DREW HIM UP against me , into me , there was a pinch of scarlet .
tr	NN	Each scar seemed to encircle his shoulder blades , angling towards his spine at the top .
tr	NNS	The red and purple blades lit up the area .
tr	NN	The third bullet caught me square in the chest and sent me tumbling over Emma and laying there to rest .
tr	NN	A tiny spark of hope ignited in her breast and she curled herself around it to keep it alight .
tr	NNS	And in an instant , those werewolves started tripping over themselves as they hurried to open the gate for her .
tr	NNS	Elias paused his beer in midair .
tr	NN	A second rig jerked to a halt in front .
tr	NNS	Crew members , crowded around the console , tried to understand what was happening .
tr	NN	They don , t want to admit it .
tr	NN	The diary was not one of them .
tr	NN	No tribe would marry a chief 's son to a used woman ; no illustrious alliance will be sealed by my body .
tr	NNS	The authorities pay me .
tr	NN	There was a taint of irritation in his voice that had become familiar .
tr	NNS	What if there were other werewolves in the room ?
tr	NNS	There are nations of savages , and all manner and races of evil creatures . "
tr	NN	" Why didn 't the attorney I had assigned to this find these ? "
tr	NN	The age gap is too big .
tr	NN	The specialty of the house was a loaded pizza ; the menu promised " Everything on It But the ( Sam ) Cooke ! "
tr	NN	When he arrived , chaos ruled .
tr	NN	The last waking thought he had was of a ' thing ' calling to him .
tr	NN	For the first time in almost an hour , my guilt came rushing back .
tr	NN	A Jeep could cut through the forest and a helicopter just had to fly like a bird in a straight line . "
tr	NN	Part of me aches for Zander .
tr	NN	The pond was pretty narrow , so I could see her clearly : it was the ghost in green I 'd seen my first day at Hecate .
tr	NN	The Program had to evolve .
tr	NN	Nevertheless , Percival 's Trial has begun ! "
tr	NNS	From that readers can make up their own minds as to how outrageous or not you exist .
tr	NNS	The stakes are too great . "
tr	NNS	The colors continue to bleed away , until it looks like we 've been transported back in time and are in a black and white movie .
tr	NNS	Looks like I did better .
tr	NN	A long sliver of drool slid off his lip and plopped on the pavement .
tr	NNS	By now my servants will have unpacked everything for you . "
tr	NNS	" But the olden members were here eight thousand years ago - " " We 're almost there , now . "
tr	NNS	But the wolves didn 't start howling again .
tr	NNS	Things would be better tonight , and for the next three days of band practice .
tr	NN	The coven could take anything he dished out , but ... " She 's too fragile to be handled that way . "
tr	NN	The ledge is more than just a little ledge .
tr	NN	An injury like this needed frozen peas and Advil .
tr	NN	The third email makes me wonder how he views his connection between their writing .
tr	NNS	Starbucks mutters something about Jarvis .
tr	NNS	Patrick 's high cheekbones and pink , kissable lips were beginning to mesmerize her .
tr	NN	The healer looked at me .
tr	NNS	The creatures of the Lore scorned human weapons like these .
tr	NN	The werewolf passed and the road was empty again .
tr	NNS	Others believed it was painfully uncomfortable because of their dilated eyes but not necessarily deadly .
tr	NN	Her pulse still hadn 't returned to normal when she decided she couldn 't remain down here .
tr	NN	My guilt at the way I had treated her meant I had to see that she got home okay .
tr	NNS	Flames erupted from the crashed car about ten yards away .
tr	NNS	Looks like it 's about to rain again . "
tr	NN	The priest studied her shadowed , grief-stricken face over his teacup .
tr	NN	Love and devotion , she figured she could manage with little effort .
tr	NNS	Will wonders never cease . "
tr	NNS	Alexis nodded as she sat down .
tr	NN	The adversary had more troops and equipment , and was better coordinated .
tr	NNS	His shots were not as accurate as before .
tr	NNS	Credit cards leave a trail .
tr	NN	An early nap would be nice ; a close snuggle would be better .
tr	NNS	With her newfound abilities came a strange sort of knowledge about that power as she absorbed it .
tr	NN	Again , her partner followed her perfectly .
tr	NN	" What 's your schedule like tomorrow ? "
tr	NN	The thrill of anticipation makes me sweat .
tr	NNS	Americus was looking left and right for something over the side .
tr	NN	The thickness alone was amazing , making it noticeably challenging to sport had she walked above the water .
tr	NNS	Looks like a cave in .
tr	NNS	Not far ahead were dreary hills , rising higher and higher , dark with trees .
tr	NNS	The members kept going again .
tr	NNS	Slowly , her gray sails appeared above the ocean 's unsteady horizon .
tr	NNS	Young mages were very limited in their spell usage .
tr	NN	The pencil hung poised over her notebook .
tr	NNS	' Who were the posters for ? '
tr	NNS	Finally , the creatures at the other end of the table introduced themselves .
tr	NNS	The shared efforts had not been nearly enough .
tr	NN	He couldn , t say it clearly enough .
tr	NN	The lack of introductions was odd , but with all of the tension , it wasn 't the biggest oversight .
tr	NNS	The three warriors turned and leaped .
tr	NN	The gel would dissolve , but not the capsules and I could retrieve the dots later .
tr	NN	Her cylinder tip is clear of any debris .
tr	NN	A pulse rippled through her arm .
tr	NN	" No twinkle , " Charlie insisted solidly .
tr	NNS	Families huddled in houses with no walls , sitting around fires , wrapped in cloaks and blankets .
tr	NN	Her reflection shifted , and she vanished .
tr	NNS	Animals noticed more than people , usually .
tr	NN	" There you are , " the new arrival announced .
tr	NN	Another blister gave way against the machete handle , but Bowe ignored it .
tr	NNS	Some pirates are more civil than others .
tr	NNS	Cadmus laid his hand soothingly on my arm , a silent warning to check myself - to remain calm .
tr	NN	Instead , the angel is grasping this creature as if to bring it closer .
tr	NN	The feature presentation began to start .
tr	NN	" Way to make a girl feel beautiful .
tr	NNS	" Soldiers , " Dionysus replied .
tr	NNS	Names , characters , businesses , places , events and incidents are either the products of the author 's imagination or used in a fictitious manner .
tr	NN	The teacher turned to me .
tr	NN	As the pilot sought to steady the helicopter , the stubborn civilian fixed his aim more carefully .
tr	NNS	The figures grew larger and larger in his view , seeming to be running at a full sprint .
tr	NN	But there was wisdom in the old adage " Hold your friends close and your enemies closer . "
tr	NNS	Few restaurants in Florida are formal , particularly if you eat in the bar .
tr	NN	His guidance didn 't keep Kali from stepping on his heels .
tr	NN	No offense , Gabe , but this is not one of your more brilliant ideas . "
tr	NNS	" Uh ... " A few lies passed through my head but none of the preparing that Harry and I had done had prepared us for this .
tr	NNS	The nuances of her voice were familiar , but now he could watch the flickers of expression on her face , too .
tr	NNS	The facts are there ; they just need to shock the populous sufficiently to bring down those who should bear the guilt .
tr	NNS	How many cases you working on right now ? "
tr	NN	Ali 's spine stiffened .
tr	NNS	" And what were your recommendations ? "
tr	NN	' My gran was picking capsicum and just had time to have a wee . '
tr	NN	There was some serious venom in the hiss of that snake .
tr	NN	There were some mentions of him of course , but nothing of any importance .
tr	NNS	Several crafts have made it out .
tr	NN	" In fact , the budget for your department will technically be higher .
tr	NNS	The mermaids said all at once .
tr	NNS	There are profound ramifications extending into every aspect of existence .
tr	NN	The thief had cleaned it out , then executed his victims .
tr	NNS	My own harsh judgments defeat me further .
tr	NNS	Things seemed to be getting more intense with Gray .
tr	NN	Edwin 's stepsister Bryony entered into the kitchen , accompanied by the cause of the noise .
tr	NNS	Her nostrils flared as she worked to gain control of her emotions .
tr	NN	But there was a taint there , like a sheen of oil on an otherwise crystal-clear lake .
tr	NNS	While the smell indicated that the stable recently contained horses , all the stalls were empty , to Marty 's dismay .
tr	NN	My milkshake stuck in my throat .
tr	NNS	Even her fellow actors were not so bad .
tr	NNS	The villagers here wore vests and green cloaks of a deep , velvety cloth .
tr	NN	A torrent of purple blood flowed over Toren 's hand .
tr	NN	A pulse chugged in his throat .
tr	NNS	There are no personal effects anywhere ; no pictures , no odd knickknacks .
tr	NN	The van reached my house , and the orderly who had ridden along in the van courteously carried my bag to the door for me .
tr	NN	" What 's that bitch want with Buzz ? "
tr	NNS	There were two tunnels .
tr	NNS	My report cards have been the things of parents ' nightmares . "
tr	NN	Love isn 't for everyone .
tr	NNS	My worries begin to slip away as I lift my head to look at her .
tr	NN	The arrival of Maurice and the Theban Legion Noise was coming from the church .
tr	NN	The phantom fingers scuttled up his back again , an unease imparted through their sequence of tapping .
tr	NNS	If the enemies noticed her descent , her father 's efforts would be in vain .
tr	NNS	Words squeaked from her throat as she struggled to lecture through the snickers and murmuring of the students .
tr	NN	A low growl rumbled from his throat .
tr	NN	The kicks diminish to an irregular drumming .
tr	NNS	The efforts made to maintain this state are those largely associated with moral effort .
tr	NNS	The paleness stood out in stark contrast to the darker tone of his skin .
tr	NN	There was a slight pinch in my chest where my lungs were supposed to be , and with every sentence was it growing .
tr	NNS	The council members tried to escape , but the attack came too swiftly .
tr	NNS	A moment later the security cameras shorted out , sparks hissing against the sleek white walls and streaking them with soot .
tr	NNS	At least there aren 't many minds to blur scanning , here . "
tr	NNS	Her fingernails bit into her palms .
tr	NNS	Seven and one-half minutes after that call , the local authorities had received the 911 alert : " Murder , murder . "
tr	NN	The referee didn 't mention anything .
tr	NNS	Before he could open his mouth Jorge 's footsteps clattered down the stairs .
tr	NN	Reality was setting in .
tr	NN	" Life or death , " he said , deadpan .
tr	NN	The farmer 's fierce scowl gave way to a beaming smile as he accepted it .
tr	NNS	The travelers in my storybook must not judge the old woman ugly , for she might be a beautiful goddess inside .
tr	NNS	Looks were only going to go so far .
tr	NN	My stomach revolted and pain echoed through my knee .
tr	NNS	Our fans are very ... dedicated .
tr	NN	Her reflection was unhappy as it looked back at her , but at least her appearance was flawless .
tr	NN	Dove strives for my November cake and I push her away with my elbow .
tr	NN	Maybe another neighbor had spoken to her , besides the one who had warned her not to go out .
tr	NN	" So perhaps their assessment was wrong , or based on false information . "
tr	NN	The sway recharged my memory and I remembered where I was , slamming the pillow over my face -- - still in the middle of the ocean .
tr	NNS	For your tongues and teeth and throats must be very different . "
tr	NNS	The dancers filed out one by one until the only people left in the break room with me were Gemma and Abbi .
tr	NN	Way to go , bud .
tr	NN	Even though in Gideon 's power the thief gave a visible shudder .
tr	NNS	But the silhouetted figures could afford the luxury , holding the smoking sticks with studied carelessness .
tr	NNS	Hands landed on her back and someone prayed .
tr	NNS	There weren 't even any public signs .
tr	NN	And maybe the partnership will follow . "
tr	NNS	Cassius can teach anyone to ride .
tr	NN	But now , after thinking it and hearing it and saying it so often , the sentence sounded rehearsed and not genuine .
tr	NN	In fact , the tsar will openly encourage people to Orthodoxy .
tr	NNS	Her skills have saved our backsides plenty of times , and well you know it ! "
tr	NNS	Her eyelids flickered open .
tr	NN	" A crash landing is still a landing . "
tr	NNS	" So why did the werewolves decide to revolt ? "
tr	NN	A soft red tinge darkened his cheeks and I couldn 't help grinning .
tr	NN	She rubbed sleep from her eyes and swung her feet out of bed , glad sharing with Sky had ensured she 'd worn her pyjamas .
tr	NN	The landing was painful , the ground crumbling around us .
tr	NN	That theory didn 't apply to them .
tr	NN	A bruise on his cheek showed he 'd gotten more than his fair share of it .
tr	NNS	The Day Soldiers quickly learn they have two choices : Evolve ... or die .
tr	NNS	She recognized the hunger in his eyes , felt her body 's primal instinct to flee from danger .
tr	NN	There was a tap on the window and Claire looked up automatically .
tr	NN	Thinking of it made me homesick .
tr	NN	The firing squad of twelve men carrying their weapons at the shoulder marched smartly into their allotted positions .
tr	NNS	Soft caresses rippled across me as he lingered up and down each fold .
tr	NNS	The tentacles of his past actions held him trapped in this alliance now , and he had little choice but to play along .
tr	NN	No gentleman could ever manage to make it into fantasy society without knowing how to tie a Windsor knot , after all .
tr	NN	A few glares at those who didn 't want to move also helped make my exodus possible .
tr	NN	The senator 's dead .
tr	NN	Though I wasn 't hungry , the familiar dread of starvation drew instantly close , circling overhead like a vulture -- fear surging through my tiny veins .
tr	NNS	" And if we have bodies , the authorities can 't ignore the problem any longer , or sweep it beneath the rug . "
tr	NN	The rim rocks back and forth from the wind .
tr	NNS	Even the tigers seemed to perk up .
tr	NN	Chapter 21 22,500 Miles in Space The next morning Ryan 's flight briefing was short .
tr	NNS	There are beautiful shots of the scenery : water lapping gently against the shore , birds flying overhead , even some fish darting around in the shallows .
tr	NNS	Lights came on down the street , and the gunfire continued at the edge of town .
tr	NN	His tail curved into a perfect handle and the mouth of the carafe was just wide enough to let any vintage breathe properly .
tr	NN	If he let her get the upper hand , his fiery Rory would overwhelm and destroy him without even trying .
tr	NNS	Reyes rose to his feet and moved next to the runway as so many others had , needing to see her defiance close up .
tr	NNS	My Aunt Letty 's ideas are drilling into me with hard strokes .
tr	NN	The demand mingled with a plea in his voice had Hope immediately lowering her upper body over his .
tr	NNS	The wolves are coming closer to the camp and there 's a bobcat in the area .
tr	NNS	The trousers pulled at her thighs , making her feel like she was exposed .
tr	NN	Her gruff manner disguises the fact somewhat , but in repose , Dina is quite pretty .
tr	NN	The thud echoed in my eardrums for a fraction of a second .
tr	NN	The bounty hunter nods .
tr	NNS	My psychic hits are just that .
tr	NNS	All the eggs will be in one basket , then .
tr	NNS	The blades they held made it clear who they were , and only one enemy had ever had the audacity to attempt something like this .
tr	NNS	His pupils dilated and his lips parted .
tr	NNS	There were many legends in this world that people believed in , and a lot of them were about the end of the world .
tr	NN	The lava of betrayal and hatred and anger rose in him , obliterating all his intentions to give peace a chance .
tr	NN	The original upholstery only needed cleaning and so did the head liner .
tr	NNS	The sweet fullness of that word made the memory loss almost unendurable .
tr	NNS	I could see movement in the direction he was pointing , could see sunlight reflecting off razor sharp scales .
tr	NNS	The hardwood floors of my apartment creak as I race to my room .
tr	NN	The chalice was the only thing which broke the spell of frozen time that the crypt exuded .
tr	NNS	Things on this planet are in bad shape , Missy .
tr	NNS	There are two versions , actually , but my better nature has locked my guy nature in a box on this one .
tr	NNS	His eyelids were kind of saggy , and he 'd forgotten to comb his hair again today .
tr	NNS	I needed all of her pinned , no scraps left for the worms .
tr	NN	A flashlight moved toward the pool house .
tr	NNS	Dense reeds rose out of the marsh .
tr	NN	A tremor rolled through her , although she nodded as if she wasn 't all that surprised .
tr	NNS	People 's experiences , their dreams , were so personal .
tr	NN	The phoenix finally rested its talons on her arm .
tr	NN	Why would her sister-in-law do such a thing ?
tr	NN	Like now , the only option then had been to keep breathing .
tr	NNS	The paintings are to abstract for me to tell what they are supposed to be .
tr	NNS	The seats and mirrors adjust to my thumbprint specifications , and the radio starts playing my preset playlist that I have to voice command off .
tr	NNS	Rose petals float in our wake , but I can 't seem to take my eyes off my glittering bride .
tr	NNS	" Two coins , " said Nick .
tr	NN	Thankfully , your uncle got me in there in time .
tr	NNS	But the pools finally blurred as I lost the battle with my eyelids .
tr	NNS	Images danced before my eyes .
tr	NN	" The sheriff is the one that taught you that .
tr	NN	The sage hummed as he perused the contents of the newly translated text .
tr	NNS	Positioned more closely to the sphere , was a circle of smaller spaceships , resembling poorly maintained , rusted versions of the Apollo space capsules .
tr	NN	But this map has to be important , too . "
tr	NN	The angel put her hand on my shoulders , trying to coax me back into resting , " Ariana is outside .
tr	NNS	The winds blew so fiercely that the men were literally blown overboard into the churning waters below .
tr	NN	The bare-chested fallen angel from the Devil 's Handbag and the woods watched me .
tr	NN	The ice dragon shuddered once again , and twisted away , dripping .
tr	NNS	All the prints were clear and easily identifiable . "
tr	NN	" The full court assembly meets in judgment tomorrow , doesn 't it ? "
tr	NN	We need to get out of here , there was an intruder - " " I know .
tr	NNS	The starched uniforms covered powerful muscles .
tr	NN	His loyalty to us , his honor would have forced him to bond .
tr	NN	My flashlight bounced off two glowing eyes .
tr	NN	Part of her was ecstatic that he was showing her such positive attention , but there was still something about it that made her feel wary .
tr	NN	' Yeah , thanks , ' Love growled .
tr	NNS	These necklaces are to remind us of our island sisters , and they will help us to find them ... . "
tr	NNS	No , the designers were certainly not all women .
tr	NN	The throttle was full forward , and she was gaining on one , while the other , probably a speedy bass boat , was pulling away .
tr	NNS	The letters he wrote were the worst .
tr	NNS	Her dark-eyed assailants raised her up , her vision spinning .
tr	NN	The waterfall acts a turbine producing stream , which is mixed with the invisible solar waves feeding Trig .
tr	NNS	My grandparents roar with laughter .
tr	NNS	' All wolves run very fast . '
tr	NN	His audience had been howling .
tr	NNS	Her sobs echoed down the stone hall .
tr	NN	A narrow dark gap had appeared in the wall between the two marble pillars holding up the roof .
tr	NNS	Too many late-night cram sessions had ensured that skill was in her repertoire .
tr	NN	The government had stopped identity theft by preventing people from accessing their own bank accounts without government permission .
tr	NNS	The servants finished tying ribbons , doing up clasps , and draping silks .
tr	NN	The dark elf favored him with his blazing gaze and smiled slightly as the man 's confident pose and expression wilted to one of reluctance .
tr	NN	The bastard was ignoring me -- probably out solving the case , for all I knew .
tr	NNS	Within the next century the invaders conquered the earth !
tr	NN	For reply , the captain seized the whip from its socket by the driver 's seat and lashed his horses forward , yelling , " Go !
tr	NN	Her stepmother had been more a parent to her than her father had ever been .
tr	NN	There was a long silver satin gown , a white corset and white lacy underpants , a silver shawl , and a pair of silver heels .
tr	NN	His mother 's cold venom came back to her in a scalding rush of memory .
tr	NNS	Marius grunted behind him but Colton couldn 't even turn around to see what he wanted .
tr	NN	The sheriff howled as he fell backward , pushing his nephew away .
tr	NNS	Marius understood but he didn 't answer .
tr	NNS	Gramps can 't always take care of himself , and with Dad gone , Mom can 't take care of him , either .
tr	NNS	Looks like you 've been in a fight . "
tr	NN	" That mountain have a name ? "
tr	NNS	The roads were still wet , but it looked like the rain had at least stopped .
tr	NN	Hand beating was much quieter , but it also took a lot more energy , which Gene was feeling in his wrist and shoulders .
tr	NNS	the ramifications won 't go away so swiftly ?
tr	NNS	Some planes executed impossible twists , turns , and backflips to either shake or break the armies of New Jerusalem .
tr	NNS	" Things change . "
tr	NN	Well , proof was coming .
tr	NNS	However , those placer deposits proved to be small and unprofitable .
tr	NN	The van hadn 't even slowed down when arms had reached out and plucked her from the sidewalk .
tr	NNS	Images of Abigail popped into her head .
tr	NN	The bashing and thrashing of bodies continued to accelerate , until there was a sharp crack of breaking wood .
tr	NN	There was no reasoning with a man like that .
tr	NNS	Many rumours of his ruthless leadership had reached the Sky Kingdom and Daniel had the reputation of a man to be feared .
tr	NN	Leah 's filter has a lot of holes .
tr	NN	His every instinct screamed to toss Cassie over his shoulder and rush away from Salvatore 's lair at top speed .
tr	NNS	Runes appeared on her arms .
tr	NN	That idiot forgot to tell me what to say .
tr	NNS	He had watched the initial assault as power and telephone feeds were cut , all exits under close watch .
tr	NN	" The turret , " I yelled back .
tr	NN	Another student waved at me , and I waved back , although I couldn 't remember his name .
tr	NN	The Ojibwe tribe believed that eagles were prayer messengers .
tr	NN	There was a taint to evil .
tr	NN	The kindness in his voice hurt ; she turned slowly , and looked at him across the room .
tr	NN	Her h * ps moved of their own volition as they ground her bottom down against the hardness under her .
tr	NN	The staircase carpet was shooting flames .
tr	NN	This very Self is indeed That which you are seeking .
tr	NNS	Hacker elves , Cog dwarves , wire nymphs and clockwork men all bowed as we went by , before continuing their duties .
tr	NNS	Things were different all those years ago .
tr	NNS	Chess just looked at me .
tr	NN	The buck shook its head violently .
tr	NN	The routine never stopped , and Cameron had the other racers to consider .
tr	NN	The orb in my hands burned with heat , my hatred was feeding the orb .
tr	NN	A deep chuckle irritated me , and I tried not to think about the first time I 'd been here , sort of in the same position .
tr	NNS	Questions are flying and screams are muffled and everyone is shocked , horrified , freaking out .
tr	NN	The kitten sprang out as Elena fell in .
tr	NNS	The wolves howled , and the isle trembled .
tr	NNS	But the mysteries of Sarah 's past were the least of her fears now .
tr	NN	What is the progress of the investigation ?
tr	NN	The ward to control the beast suddenly seemed like a brilliant idea , damn the consequences .
tr	NN	Love leant over , turned off the gas , grabbed the kettle and poured water into the two mugs .
tr	NNS	The torches hanging on the walls cast an odd shadow over his face .
tr	NNS	The teachers in Denver were friendly and helpful .
tr	NNS	My eyelids popped wide open .
tr	NNS	Vibrant fall colors were everywhere , reds mixed with yellow and orange .
tr	NNS	Looks of fear began to spread across their splotchy faces .
tr	NN	Hearing the boar gaining ground , the elf tried to quicken his pace .
tr	NNS	Cole 's hopes lay with Sadie now , that we might somehow have a life beyond all of these problems .
tr	NN	This Jonah fellow went quiet and I got up after just a moment .
tr	NN	All with the convenience that online shopping has to offer . "
tr	NN	There was an oak this size maybe twenty yards to the north of Bill 's house .
tr	NNS	His light footsteps made their way to me , and then I felt his strong , warm hand against the middle of my back .
tr	NNS	" No , there are no reservations under your name .
tr	NNS	Their heart attack symptoms are different , even .
tr	NN	Anger and frustration rose up within her , threatening to explode like a cork from a bottle .
tr	NN	Before I could distinguish the intentions behind her presence , the glint of metal hanging proudly at the center of her chest distracted me .
tr	NNS	" Chinese eggs are notoriously difficult to categorize by appearance , other than having the texture of fine porcelain .
tr	NN	There 's an archway to the right that leads to a living room .
tr	NN	There 's a big distinction . "
tr	NN	Morning was breaking in the east like fresh paint .
tr	NN	" My landlord sent his maintenance man to check on a leaky faucet .
tr	NNS	Now she was an adult , their petty insults had no power to hurt her .
tr	NN	Yet there was this nagging uncertainty that lingered .
tr	NN	Will the captain come after me ? "
tr	NNS	Four huge blooms of silence rolled over the city as Old Tom so emphatically did not strike the hour .
tr	NNS	Then something rips open inside my chest .
tr	NN	The House 's contract includes a proprietary clause allowing us certain damages in the event you breach your obligations to the GP .
tr	NNS	' Why would traders be wandering around up in the hills ? '
tr	NN	Nowhere in the journal was there a long description of relations between the Protestants and Catholics , no debates , no reconciliations , no common understandings .
tr	NNS	Marius could hear your clumsy fighting all the way in Russia . "
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared , and his entire body tensed .
tr	NNS	The initial blasts at the top and in the middle of the silo initiate the collapse and the weight of the structure does the rest .
tr	NN	All the yelling is a cover-up to hide that fear . "
tr	NN	That last sentence catches my attention and I look up sharply .
tr	NNS	There are no living relatives we can talk to . "
tr	NN	And the maid refuses to clean up the guano . "
tr	NN	Your practiced charm isn 't going to work with me . "
tr	NNS	Wings flapped in the air in the distance , followed by chirping , squawks , and guttural cries of gulls .
tr	NN	Her entire outlook had changed overnight .
tr	NN	Every inch of you is divine , like you were sculpted for me , and me alone . "
tr	NN	The backyard was long and there was no real separation from their property to the adjacent field they trekked across to take the trail into the bush .
tr	NNS	The wolves faced each other , ears twitching back and forth , nostrils flared .
tr	NN	The sheriff came toward her .
tr	NN	The dwarf yelped with pain , so I stabbed her again , trying to hit her femoral artery so she 'd bleed out .
tr	NN	According to the doctors , the cancer is still in me , as aggressive as ever , but I feel better .
tr	NNS	The three hounds circle us , barking and playing , oblivious .
tr	NNS	There aren 't even any time travelers among us who could use it .
tr	NN	The dragon started to advance upon them now seeing them as a threat .
tr	NNS	The facts fell into place , forming the inevitable conclusion .
tr	NN	Nowhere was there a photograph of Sean 's mother .
tr	NN	Never remembering their names , the teacher simply referred to them as the " Seven Cs . "
tr	NN	The liquid burned a path down his throat but did little to melt the knot that was forming in his stomach .
tr	NNS	" Two inches , " Delilah quickly refuted looking down to her books .
tr	NNS	My icy daggers returned .
tr	NN	" Your pastry is quite good and your salads please the guests . "
tr	NNS	All the planes , that is , except for the last one .
tr	NNS	At first , the pills hadn 't had much effect other than making them both feel really awake even when they 'd pulled all-nighters .
tr	NN	" How big is the mass ? "
tr	NNS	Plush red pillows decorate huge wooden chairs to make them look as if their owners are royalty .
tr	NN	" The Cat Factory is only a small part of The Department of Creation .
tr	NNS	Our floors might be uneven .
tr	NNS	All those paintings are of an ex .
tr	NN	The knight looked back at the men reining in .
tr	NN	Her gown , as was everything Callum , his mother and Leah ( she found ) put together , was perfect .
tr	NNS	The Chronicle 's puzzles , unfortunately , are not terribly challenging .
tr	NNS	Even my servants cannot enter . "
tr	NNS	Some tales were way off base and suggested I lost control of my four-wheeler and smashed my head into the ground .
tr	NNS	Their faces were grim , their jaws clenched tight with pain .
tr	NN	A clearing kept the meadow safe and camp chairs had started appearing along with drums .
tr	NN	When I felt something hard pulsing against my belly , lust burst forth with enough strength to shove my other concerns aside .
tr	NNS	At least , at this time of night , the roads would be quiet .
tr	NNS	The rotor blades were spinning at half power by the time Brennan ducked his way through the open door and into the seat beside Davis .
tr	NNS	I was empty and lonely but at the same time free of them , ' fuck them ' I thought , rich pompous assholes .
tr	NN	The pendant was one of her usual accessories .
tr	NN	My uncle stopped and parked the car where people he knew had gathered on the ice .
tr	NNS	Those clutches can be underground a long time before they hatch .
tr	NN	The intruder jumped down on top of the coffin .
tr	NNS	The runes and sigils on my staff erupted into smoldering orange Hellfire .
tr	NNS	Words are strange that way , aren 't they ?
tr	NN	The curved bulkhead opposite the computer face reflected yellow , then green , now mauve ... red .
tr	NN	" Well , the gala is to raise money for children , and we are doing that by having a bachelor auction .
tr	NN	The defense is ready to continue .
tr	NNS	Flames erupted as he used the truck to Molotov the tank .
tr	NN	The caller was apparently the source of all his problems .
tr	NN	" Roger that , " the pilot answered .
tr	NNS	Things were going great -- way better than she expected .
tr	NN	" The air conditioning works fine .
tr	NN	A male student with short dark hair wearing jeans and a black cardigan over a white T-shirt sat in the wooden chair .
tr	NNS	Over the past two days , small objects had landed on various military sites worldwide .
tr	NN	Was a sin against Ethan a sin against God ?
tr	NN	A scowl replaced the easy smile on his face .
tr	NNS	His companions stole brief glances at each other and at the streets behind .
tr	NNS	" The experiments they did on me weren 't here , but in a similar place .
tr	NNS	My servants could not understand their talk to you when your ship was in heaven . "
tr	NN	Ok , here goes . "
tr	NN	Dagmar 's h * ps jerked , attempting to move away from the finger so easily sliding in and out of her .
tr	NNS	Cozy couples lazily meandered the streets and children trudged sleds and dogs chased snowballs .
tr	NN	The gentleman turned to his own flesh and blood for help and do you know what this poor chap 's brother did ? "
tr	NN	The reunion between brother and sister was strange .
tr	NNS	30 Myles had sent every deputy in the area to Claire 's house .
tr	NN	The author has Gamaliel , a member of the Sanhedrin , refer to him as an example of a failed Messianic leader .
tr	NN	A prison made of agents , always watching her movements .
tr	NNS	The media loved him , because his name brought ratings .
tr	NNS	All the Cumberland Mages were wealthy , powerful , and violent .
tr	NN	Maybe her innocence would rub off on him .
tr	NN	The Breeze of a few years earlier would already have abandoned the city .
tr	NNS	Questions tumbled from Karen 's mouth just as quickly as tears streaked down her face .
tr	NN	A large granite carving stood to one side , and they threw themselves behind it .
tr	NNS	" My apologies for not exactly getting us back in one piece , but we were in some pretty sticky situations back there .
tr	NN	The valet took our keys and Tristan led me through the doors as if seeing his father was the most natural thing in the world .
tr	NN	And at the moment there was no real proof that the explosion that killed Martin was not just an accident .
tr	NNS	Looks like Homicide wants you for questioning .
tr	NNS	A dozen staff members from positions around the room stared in silent awe .
tr	NN	The angel had to sacrifice much , much more .
tr	NN	The bullet punctured his filthy skin and exited his back , coming within inches of Dave 's torso .
tr	NNS	Their expressions were identical to the ones they 'd given Danni when she first arrived .
tr	NN	The paint stick lay broken on the ground .
tr	NNS	The cemetery gates appeared a foot before him , poking through , visible .
tr	NNS	His pupils were tiny inside the beautiful blues of the iris .
tr	NN	The turkey was ready to be cooked when they got it to the lodge .
tr	NN	My hip aches as I move back to my house a half step at a time .
tr	NNS	There were probably ten or more pillows on the bed , making it look warm and inviting .
tr	NNS	The drones rose and trooped obligingly out , closing the door behind them .
tr	NNS	Foot prints would lead too many people straight towards her .
tr	NNS	The city looked like an old-time photograph tinted the colors of coins , silver and nickel , its edges blurred with mist .
tr	NN	" The Program will find Realm .
tr	NN	Her tail was too short to hide between her legs but it pressed tightly to her buttocks .
tr	NN	Only success could bring them what they the needed most : a glimmer of hope .
tr	NN	The gryphon nodded , agreeing with my words .
tr	NN	The gangly dwarf opened his door , held his staff , and waited for him to emerge .
tr	NN	The agent sprawled into Sara 's vacant chair .
tr	NN	My red haze of a vision deepened as I quickly gulped down the hot sweet blood .
tr	NN	' So the hook is well and truly in , even if he doesn 't know it yet . '
tr	NNS	No other letters arrived from him after that one , nor did he call me , which I thought was odd .
tr	NN	The leader stood to the side , doing nothing .
tr	NN	It 's from the attorney representing my mother , wanting to talk to me .
tr	NN	There 's no use pretending . '
tr	NN	Her therapist even thinks she 'll get feelings back one day .
tr	NN	There was no wicked intent in her gaze like I 'd seen in the other transporter 's eyes .
tr	NNS	My investors and I are already constructing luxury hotels on two of the three islands .
tr	NN	A chubby , short-haired blonde entered .
tr	NN	There 's a muffled click from the EMP grenade activating its invisible charge , but Cabal talks right over the sound , doesn 't even notice .
tr	NNS	The coins were still hot from Nia 's making .
tr	NN	Part of me felt bad for him .
tr	NNS	Every day I come home , there 're cookies , fresh bread , or some kind of cake . "
tr	NNS	More shots rang out .
tr	NNS	The effects took place immediately .
tr	NNS	His voice dips and he sounds embarrassed .
tr	NN	" His office is on the first floor , " the receptionist volunteered , clearly eager to see her visitors gone .
tr	NN	" What 's the law enforcement convention in the corner cooking up ? "
tr	NN	Why would his former English teacher be calling him ?
tr	NN	A green light shone and the door slid open .
tr	NN	" What is the wisdom in it ? "
tr	NNS	The fumes had given him and his pack the time to get close before they struck .
tr	NN	A girl 's got ta have a little color in her life .
tr	NNS	Diggs smiled a little .
tr	NN	" Father 's darling would apply to both girls . "
tr	NNS	The chains started to wrap on his arm , and I pulled my right foot .
tr	NNS	Her defenses are usually good .
tr	NNS	Starbucks and I look at each other .
tr	NNS	" What are the levels ? "
tr	NN	Actual y , that sounded like an excel ent plan to me , but I knew Vic wouldn 't see it that way .
tr	NNS	Socialization skills were often retarded , making group interactions uncomfortable .
tr	NNS	Flowers for when they arrived in Vegas might help her mother forget their little argument that evening .
tr	NN	His surgery became a madhouse of incoherent screams and squirming patients .
tr	NNS	The winds blew harder and the balcony was being drenched .
tr	NN	The concierge unlocked a high door and stood back .
tr	NNS	A light glows around us and the knowledge hits , flowing through me .
tr	NNS	New recruits had taken to calling her the Ice Queen , since she never smiled or frowned .
tr	NN	The colony needs attractions just as any does .
tr	NN	There was another terrific bump .
tr	NN	There was a little gap between the spinning tunnel and the wall at the end .
tr	NNS	Things might have gone better if that information had been passed along first thing .
tr	NN	Rubbing flea powder on him required at least eight hands .
tr	NN	I ' l enjoy an ale . "
tr	NNS	And the facts are both my client and Calvin Leeson are seventeen-year-old kids .
tr	NN	In its stead was an unrecognizable mass of pulp .
tr	NNS	His movements appeared tentative , as if his ribs pained him .
tr	NNS	My eyelids fluttered closed , then back open again .
tr	NNS	Gramps shifts again and sits back , leaving his cigar to rest on the ashtray .
tr	NNS	Heavy footsteps from behind made the plank boards of the porch creek .
tr	NN	A massive wisteria vine crawled over whatever it could find , covering camellias with cascades of purple flowers and thick , brown vines .
tr	NN	A scar will rip open every time I walk down the halls of Harrison Memorial .
tr	NNS	Their efforts were futile .
tr	NNS	" Things not go well ? "
tr	NN	From there , his route took him outside of town for a look at Whiting 's former mansion .
tr	NNS	Greater immortals knew it , and that was pretty much it .
tr	NNS	" Others would not give it back .
tr	NNS	" But who knows what the cards hold ? "
tr	NN	But enough that Death can sometimes take a holiday . "
tr	NN	This edition contains 10,000 words of extra features from Seeley 's upcoming works and other genres !
tr	NN	The dog 's tail wags from side to side .
tr	NN	There 's a rude snort in the kitchen doorway , and I 'm about to completely lose it .
tr	NNS	Two dwarfs and one troll had handed in their badges that morning , citing " family reasons " .
tr	NNS	The butterflies in my stomach were doing a circus act .
tr	NN	The race of men will continue to prey upon us ?
tr	NN	Vaughn 's chuckle was full of threat .
tr	NN	There was purity and honesty in her voice .
tr	NN	Instead , more guilt filled his face , and I knew he was thinking he should have killed Kincaid back then .
tr	NN	The man 's hood drooped for a second before slowly returning to its original position .
tr	NN	The log I 'm sitting on shakes as someone sits down beside me .
tr	NN	There was no further education or career after graduations .
tr	NNS	The targets just change . "
tr	NN	Her neighbor , Billie , had given her a ride to the job first thing this morning .
tr	NN	A long , agonizing growl rumbles through its body as the blade slides from its flesh .
tr	NNS	Luckily , the schedules list our locker numbers and combinations .
tr	NN	Maybe there 's another sentence to put in my vows .
tr	NN	The monkey thought ' t was oil in fun , Pop !
tr	NNS	All her documents were in order , minus the money of course .
tr	NN	" No kidding , " Sarah replies .
tr	NN	A blush crept to my face when I thought of what we 'd get to do with all that privacy .
tr	NNS	Reyes had built a very large mansion in the middle of a cave .
tr	NNS	How are finals ? "
tr	NNS	" Injected nanobots , physical enhancement drugs , endurance drugs , the whole nine yards .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of Jennifer fill the empty spaces in my mind and immediately turn my mood sour .
tr	NNS	The bows turned towards him .
tr	NN	The elf who had given it to him said that it was one of their finer suits .
tr	NN	The muscular hunter sidestepped out of the way before shoving his spear into the beast .
tr	NNS	" Lives are at stake , and we need the Marat .
tr	NNS	The other wolves didn 't like Snowball and she didn 't like them .
tr	NN	" You have been turned on , " Said the mobile unit .
tr	NNS	" Your classes haven 't started yet , right ?
tr	NNS	My cleverness went without reward .
tr	NN	" I can 't picture you here , " Chance said , starting the car .
tr	NN	" As you expected , there was another American agent on the island .
tr	NN	The pilot flicked a switch and said , " Go ahead sir . "
tr	NNS	The floors were immaculately clean .
tr	NN	When the mind roared with need and every muscle was swollen and hard with a craving beyond bearing ?
tr	NN	Duct tape might seal a hairline crack , but it can 't hold an atmosphere of pressure against the size of my broken faceplate .
tr	NN	The darker the Web , the more tether and radial lines there are and the faster the Wind is .
tr	NNS	There were no roads .
tr	NNS	Both nurses watched and laughed as the female claimed to be High Demon and an operative for the ASD .
tr	NNS	" Things are ... busy around here , and I 've got plans .
tr	NNS	Her fingernails dug into the skin of his back , her senses whirling as she began to drown in pleasure .
tr	NN	The poet was right , he thought , women are really much nicer than men .
tr	NNS	Runes appeared on their skin .
tr	NNS	Her servants were listening and they might report to the priests .
tr	NN	The Death of Rats poked its nose out of the saddlebag .
tr	NNS	Reyes had never asked , and Aeron had never volunteered the information .
tr	NNS	In shifts of light , rainbows of iridescence rippled over the feathers .
tr	NN	" Where is your equipment ?
tr	NN	The clatter frightened the sea monster farther under one of Apollo 's dolphins .
tr	NN	Love isn 't a requirement to live , and I 'd planned to do without .
tr	NN	The hood was very hooked , almost like a bird 's beak .
tr	NN	The eyeball can see three miles , until the planet curves .
tr	NN	the grad student asked the sheriff .
tr	NN	The new secretary of defense , Henry Stanton , who sat to the right of the president , had called it .
tr	NNS	Alexis looked around and everyone disappeared .
tr	NNS	A tremor races over me and I whimper , hating the sound even as it escapes .
tr	NNS	Words escaped her but her cries resounded and echoed from the walls .
tr	NNS	If the performance was a success , the congratulations of the other musicians were cordial .
tr	NNS	His eyelids are pink around the edges .
tr	NNS	Thoughts and memories amassed around her .
tr	NNS	There were no witnesses .
tr	NNS	In his imagination the kisses didn 't stop there either .
tr	NNS	Two newspapers lay at the end of the driveway .
tr	NN	The receptionist caught Avery 's eye and said , " Good idea to keep him busy . "
tr	NN	The ravine was shadowed , cool , a bit spooky .
tr	NNS	Our lockers were close , so we stopped and dropped off our stuff .
tr	NN	Storm leads me down a narrow hallway lined with liquor cases and silver kegs , smelling faintly of beer yeast .
tr	NN	And exercise is good for your mind .
tr	NNS	As the Sultana came about , the pirates on deck adjusted the sails to capture more wind and gain speed .
tr	NN	The young policeman smiled as he looked at his own reflection in the man 's large mirrored sunglasses .
tr	NNS	Kids across the country had reported receiving texts from someone called A , all of which ended up being from jilted ex-boyfriends or jealous classmates .
tr	NN	Its long beak and head were bent forward , and it walked with an easy gait , almost as if it were a bipedal .
tr	NN	" The opera opens in two weeks , dear . "
tr	NN	" And those fucking pricks Emmett and Rick .
tr	NN	When he glanced at her , the blush increased .
tr	NNS	The bright ideas continued to flow from Brick .
tr	NN	On an ordinary night , every inch glows with a silver light that emanates from the intricate symbols carved along its surface .
tr	NNS	Lots of people go through life with false hope , and never get through the narrow gate .
tr	NNS	The pilgrims wanted a land of plenty , and the Mayflower came in 1620 . "
tr	NN	His captive drew a shattered breath , and in the darkness , she said simply , " Thank you . "
tr	NNS	Girls like her slept with boys .
tr	NN	The proof is there if you dig deep enough .
tr	NNS	Others , too , begin to point and whisper .
tr	NNS	' There were drums on the stage .
tr	NN	Love strolled over to the kettle , shook it , switched it on .
tr	NNS	A few silver square frames sat atop a narrow table that stood against the living room wall .
tr	NNS	Even if she had done , the chances of it being switched on , or her even knowing what to do with it , were pretty slim .
tr	NNS	There were too many sharp spaces and unsettled rocks in the riverbed to escape unscathed .
tr	NN	" The scar on the side of the guy 's face . "
tr	NN	The other twin literally ripped Arik away from his brother before he twisted open a butterfly knife and plunged it into Arik 's side .
tr	NNS	And Dangerous Beans has got brains coming out of his ears . ' '
tr	NN	The parrot often babbled when they left it alone , screaming out Hank and Carla 's names .
tr	NNS	The authorities chalked these sightings up to mistaken identity .
tr	NNS	Their first attempts at making love , on their honeymoon , had left her frustrated and in tears .
tr	NN	Yellow caution tape circles a gas station .
tr	NNS	Soldiers paced in front ; more stood on the hoods .
tr	NNS	Makeup artists made him look like he was performing as Bozo the Clown rather than like a respectable guest on a news program .
tr	NNS	There are billions of worlds .
tr	NNS	As the sun rises on day of the first full moon , butterflies overwhelm me .
tr	NN	Part of me had been yearning to hear him say that .
tr	NNS	The contents spilled over the white tablecloth .
tr	NN	" The bullet was that close .
tr	NNS	The two silver wolves pulled themselves to sitting and echoed Blake 's call .
tr	NNS	As they laughed and reminisced , quite a few facts returned to Bo .
tr	NN	The glitch has caused you to encounter a fold .
tr	NNS	Immortals had a heavy hand in moulding the future of the country , as they did in so many others throughout the history of mankind .
tr	NNS	All the deaths attributable to the H7N9 Avian Flu Virus , most all of them from ARDS ( acute respiratory distress syndrome ) .
tr	NNS	Looks like it 's been out in the desert . "
tr	NN	An all too familiar accent pierced my dark thoughts .
tr	NNS	The seating arrangements at the large conference table were strategic .
tr	NN	Another sob tore from her throat .
tr	NNS	My abilities had hit the lethal zone , and the only vampire near enough to heal me wanted me dead .
tr	NNS	Images of waking up at Ravage and being taken by him filled her mind .
tr	NNS	Things got worse when the patrol guard loosed his dogs and they jumped at me .
tr	NNS	The lopsided boards that framed the window extended splinters that looked like comforting hands .
tr	NN	A chat with the parents had yielded much background , but no new leads in their search .
tr	NNS	Lights can 't whisper .
tr	NNS	Flames still rose high from what was left of the van , now a short distance away from Jake and Joseph .
tr	NNS	As the towns became fewer and fewer , the forests became deeper and darker .
tr	NNS	My two hounds came to me .
tr	NN	Science 's inability to tell people the " why " of things has left humanity rudderless .
tr	NN	The DVD started by showing the entire ring .
tr	NNS	The changes and repairs wouldn 't start until Monday .
tr	NNS	Our other cousins have joined us as well .
tr	NN	" One strike , Ian , " I said , trying not to sound impressed .
tr	NNS	" Nice boxers , dude . "
tr	NN	The final showdown didn 't need any of us after all .
tr	NNS	The balcony seats were wide and comfortable , and she settled into one with a little sigh .
tr	NN	With a smug grin , Storm jerks her chin over to a table not far from us .
tr	NNS	Words echoed in her head .
tr	NNS	If an evacuation is necessary , the evacuation sirens will go off . "
tr	NNS	The monitors were employees rather than vid links .
tr	NN	I ' l tel you about it when I can , okay ? "
tr	NN	Shockey 's eyes dart around the room , lingering over Cathy 's huddled figure before coming to rest on me .
tr	NN	Soon a mass of birds was heading down toward them from the tower apex .
tr	NNS	The bites were deeper and more vicious .
tr	NNS	My talons stretch and want to claw into the top of that tree .
tr	NN	A dragon god , specifically .
tr	NN	The cotton would be dry by the next morning , and we 'd be back in business .
tr	NNS	The bed dips as Marie sits down .
tr	NN	History often repeated itself , and one of its great lessons is that evil loves to beget evil . '
tr	NNS	The markings on Tom 's sleeves showed two wavy stripes , again with a single loop above the wrist .
tr	NN	A dragon would always be hungry in such parts . "
tr	NNS	Muscles tensed against him , and he cursed under his breath .
tr	NNS	The pigs were clean , smart , and adorably funny ; and the cutest piglet came home with them that day .
tr	NNS	" Where are your sneakers ?
tr	NNS	Within these groups there are factions that fall along thinner lines .
tr	NNS	Cassius reached around my waist with one arm and guided me toward the awaiting royalty .
tr	NNS	The images hit him hard , nauseating him .
tr	NNS	Any changes in our atmospheric conditions can be very devastating .
tr	NNS	The authorities would never realize that the signature , B , indicated a message from Margaret Buchanan Sullivan , his wife .
tr	NNS	The Viking warriors , too , were veterans , and they had been patiently waiting for any opening they could exploit .
tr	NNS	The restaurants were all inviting !
tr	NNS	Three more gun shots rang through the halls and then my door handle started to wiggle as if someone was trying to get in .
tr	NN	There 's a gap in the curtains .
tr	NNS	The planes fascinated me more .
tr	NNS	In fact , these types of murders are the very thing we 're fighting against .
tr	NN	A sheathed hatchet dangled from a carry loop attached to the frame of his pack .
tr	NNS	Things happened quickly then .
tr	NN	" Do not be so anxious ; your discomfort will only make her ill at ease .
tr	NNS	" The punches felt real enough to warrant a retreat . "
tr	NNS	Around his neck were several thick gold chains , rings on most of his fingers and in both ears .
tr	NNS	Things are getting really hot here .
tr	NN	The priest led them inside thick stone walls directly to the Cathedral of the Dormition .
tr	NN	Was there any other option ?
tr	NNS	There were swarms of them !
tr	NN	One day a great dragon flies down and takes up residence on the plain .
tr	NNS	The seats were comfortable without going far enough to induce sleep .
tr	NNS	" That the owls know something .
tr	NN	A stack of magazines and a few books lay on the table .
tr	NNS	Looks like you could use these . "
tr	NNS	Social media reports coming in indicate that ... " she pulled up some charts and numbers and sent them to everyone 's screen .
tr	NNS	Maks started to run from his father 's grave , back toward the cars .
tr	NN	He was sitting at the table , a baby cradled in his arms , its deafening cries reverberating through the empty house .
tr	NNS	In general the creatures took among themselves as weary revelers .
tr	NNS	Something primitive , possessive , snarled across his expression as he lowered his head with a moan and settled his lips over hers .
tr	NNS	Little strands of her hair caught in the stubble , weaving them together .
tr	NNS	The chains fell away from me .
tr	NN	Her orgasm hit fast and hard , giving her no room to breathe .
tr	NNS	Adrien 's nostrils flared .
tr	NN	How is that justice ? '
tr	NNS	His footsteps sounded behind her .
tr	NN	The rig was taking 77 , which wasn 't Neil 's first choice , but at least it crossed I-85 near Charlotte , North Carolina .
tr	NN	An agent always tries to stay prepared , even when retired .
tr	NN	His tangled beard disgusted him now , as did the grime coating his body , but he 'd have to clean himself later .
tr	NN	The distant cackle of a coyote spooked him and he sped up until he was as close to Matt as possible .
tr	NNS	Words and numbers were easy for me to memorize .
tr	NNS	If the police were keeping watch , the villagers might have some defence .
tr	NNS	Images of him sharpening his Katana flash in my mind .
tr	NN	A matching silk bra and thong completed the outfit .
tr	NN	Well ... " Storm sputters , struggling for a valid excuse .
tr	NN	The gambling appetite is more absolutely dominant than hunger .
tr	NN	Just wheezed at the end a little , like a dying vacuum cleaner .
tr	NN	" Hello , " a low baritone said casually above her .
tr	NNS	The scenes played out in my mind , continuously .
tr	NN	A low rumbling growl rippled from the Minotaur 's chest .
tr	NNS	Your investors don 't have to see any of it . "
tr	NN	Since the electricity went , very early on in this disaster , boredom has been a huge annoyance .
tr	NN	Pushing the left side panel with as much force as she could muster , the panel finally shifted .
tr	NN	Her only option at this point was to make a run for it .
tr	NN	A maid entered carrying a tray with a teapot and two cups .
tr	NN	Part of its charm is that it doesn 't shift .
tr	NN	Her trident was truly potent and incredible to be able to summon such terrible calamities simultaneously .
tr	NN	The mistress of the White Court stepped forth from the Rolls-Royce .
tr	NN	The cart creaked , rocked forward , back , forward , forward , continued on along the ditch , caught the incline , rose with it .
tr	NN	The healer knows me ; you can ask him if I am a reliable resource . "
tr	NNS	Myles was just as skeptical of that , but Jared continued before he could respond .
tr	NNS	There weren 't action scenes to choreograph and memorize .
tr	NNS	Twin spots of color rode high on her cheeks as she stood .
tr	NN	Finally , the principal of the school and the mayor arrived .
tr	NN	The older gentleman placed his hand on the small of the woman 's back and guided her out of the elevator .
tr	NNS	The last two seats beside the wall were open .
tr	NN	Her observation took me off guard .
tr	NNS	Outside the smiling military goons pushed the still smoking cannon back into the corner of the hall .
tr	NN	Underneath lust boils , in the form of imprisoned liquid hatred .
tr	NNS	And as far as Maurice was concerned , the rats were thinking a good deal too much .
tr	NNS	The whispers became louder and he realized the sounds were not his own thoughts but were angry Mice voices attempting to talk over each other .
tr	NNS	* * * The emergency sirens were blaring and red lights flashed in his eyes wherever he looked .
tr	NN	A sliver of moonlight seeped in under the blinds , spreading across the floor , its fingers brushing over the antique dresser .
tr	NN	My momentum carried my body through , knocking the man down .
tr	NNS	Mages tend to live longer than most humans .
tr	NNS	Wings knotted and ridged curved from around his back and scraped at his thighs , as well as the throne .
tr	NN	He is no longer an active singer , the last known info about him is that he retired somewhere in Brazil .
tr	NNS	The dinosaurs listened to her , but they did not like it .
tr	NN	Zook 's numbed astonishment only allowed him a moment 's glance down , but a moment was all he needed .
tr	NNS	Things had turned in his favor .
tr	NNS	No signs of forced entry , security footage wiped .
tr	NNS	Girls were going to be all over this guy : fresh meat .
tr	NN	At twenty-three hundred hours last night , there was an anomaly on the footage projected to the ARC screens .
tr	NN	Stump 's strident shriek was back on the line .
tr	NNS	When coins were not available , ridiculous trade demands in exchange for his work would be the only solution .
tr	NN	The policeman had his hand on his gun in its holster , and I swallowed .
tr	NN	The reduced reflection exaggerated his feeling that he had been made small by Ship 's treatment of him .
tr	NN	Once everyone was seated , the golf cart rolled down the ramp , its electric motor purring .
tr	NN	The video wouldn 't show Butch purposely locking her in and ordering his dog to attack her .
tr	NNS	There were only a few dancers on the floor , swinging each other around the room , but it was still early yet .
tr	NN	There was a crash as she jerked upright at the sound of his voice , and hit her head on the shelf above .
tr	NN	" But sweetheart , sometimes , it 's okay to stop fighting . "
tr	NN	Shame and remorse filled him .
tr	NNS	After all , his recommendations were numerous .
tr	NNS	The tiles form a pattern I can 't identify , though I 've seen it somewhere before .
tr	NNS	Blake exchanges handshakes with Carson and Robbie also .
tr	NN	A revolutionary leader never follows a crowd .
tr	NNS	There are no bars in the door but it feels like a dungeon cell .
tr	NN	Not even one generation later , the inherent conflict between the Whites and the Grays arose and the colonists split into two camps .
tr	NN	Jim rapped as everyone around looked at him strangely , " This plot 's dead weight .
tr	NNS	Their fingernails were long and sharp and their eyes were completely black .
tr	NNS	Things didn 't go bad between Georgie and Neal .
tr	NN	" Your reputation as a useless loafer is safe from them , cousin .
tr	NNS	" And how is the countess ? "
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , my fears were justified .
tr	NNS	" Well , there are legendary creatures that could to that .
tr	NNS	The fabrics were beautiful and it all fit me perfectly .
tr	NNS	The Jinn 's attentions shifted in her direction , his expression once again softening .
tr	NNS	Alexis nuzzled into her pillow and smiled .
tr	NN	" My laptop crashed and he tried to fix it for me .
tr	NNS	When the wind blows , the charred flakes of papery skin whip back and forth like tinsel .
tr	NN	The agitation on his face was unmistakable .
tr	NN	Part of him remembered the last time he had left the city , remembered that lovely day spent with Mae , kissing under the Tree .
tr	NN	What if his association with Eric drags her in deeper ?
tr	NN	The sergeant looked up at the blazing sun .
tr	NN	His reputation makes him an easy target . "
tr	NN	There was a map of U.S. Route 40 on the wall nearby , with colored lights at the rest stops and interchanges ; ours glowed red .
tr	NN	" Alan , your loyalty is truly heart-warming .
tr	NN	His ad was an unfortunate example of someone betrayed by their own printed word .
tr	NN	" He 's over here , " shouted the large policeman .
tr	NNS	All the rats were in one trap .
tr	NNS	Alexis shook her head and rolled her eyes .
tr	NN	Link scratched his head .
tr	NN	Even though I was taken aback , instinct told me to be patient .
tr	NNS	When the band were playing Music With Rocks In again , the beggars got back down to earth .
tr	NN	Your headquarters are rubble .
tr	NN	" The bastard had to have it all . "
tr	NN	The madman had been unusually distant lately .
tr	NN	The growls from the back garden intensify when they see the glow from the telly so I quickly flip it back to off .
tr	NN	The attorney for Silver Fern Productions and the Foothill executives said that he 'd be starting legal repercussions for backing out of the deal immediately .
tr	NN	Chance grabbed my arm and pulled me back .
tr	NNS	Things like , ' SO to G3 ( M ) ' ; ' OIC T. 12a ' ; ' PA to S ' , and so on .
tr	NNS	The powerful blades easily chewed through the wood of the boat , but not without consequence .
tr	NN	Abby 's sin was merely being an accomplice .
tr	NN	" Your grandmother spent a fortune on it . "
tr	NN	His chuckle rolled through me , and by then , the pain in my palm had stopped .
tr	NN	Morning 's not far away . "
tr	NNS	The facts are as plain and beautiful as that setting Sun . "
tr	NN	" Your daddy 's coming here soon , Nathan .
tr	NNS	As usual , there were the familiar bows when he entered the American-style cafeteria on the ground floor .
tr	NNS	" No , all my teachers were kind enough to give me homework on the first day . "
tr	NN	The bullet had hit him , his blood was seeping out and he couldn 't control the truck .
tr	NNS	Then the signs grew into bigger things .
tr	NNS	The members retreated , rocked to the music , and waved .
tr	NNS	Words I didn 't realize would hurt so much when spoken .
tr	NNS	These interrogation sessions were off-limits to me .
tr	NN	Each corpse was undressed , the clothing burned .
tr	NNS	The red spots are where incursions are taking place .
tr	NN	The high priest waved his hand at the people as Rhyme scrambled away .
tr	NNS	Flames licked at her , swept through her like a storm .
tr	NN	Eventually the sheriff had to walk over and remove her , pulling her into the kitchen .
tr	NNS	The two followers chimed in their approval .
tr	NN	The division between two units -- between the mobile android and Main Terminus Center -- is similar .
tr	NN	Miss sect leader came through once again .
tr	NN	" Ok , ok , in I go ! "
tr	NNS	The inside edges on the eight outer scrolls tells a different story .
tr	NNS	Wings beat overhead , furs and feather became the sky .
tr	NNS	The board members glanced at each other before looking to their CEO .
tr	NN	Holy cow , this guy knew the right words to slip right past her defenses .
tr	NN	But her belly clenched in anticipation of having him deep inside her .
tr	NNS	The hostages were all sitting together in the middle of the rotunda , surrounded by giants with guns .
tr	NN	Or if it has , the sheriff has never done what Gabriel did yesterday .
tr	NN	" There 's a young widow a couple of streets down .
tr	NNS	Great wrenching sobs of grief and self-blame racked A.J. and she fell to her knees in the foyer .
tr	NNS	The family members had spent most of their time on their country estate and hadn 't cared much for town life .
tr	NN	The notion disconcerted him .
tr	NNS	Marius looked around the parking structure with a scowl , seemingly expecting to be attacked at any moment .
tr	NN	Surely one design could only differ so much from another .
tr	NN	For some reason the email had just come through .
tr	NNS	Some areas of Tesoro were practically barren while most of the island boasted forests and flowers and waterfalls .
tr	NNS	Orders were to be obeyed : that was the Second Law .
tr	NNS	Two pink spots appeared on Emily 's cheeks .
tr	NN	The diving off the Atlantic side of Northern Ireland was fantastic .
tr	NN	Love didn 't know what he wanted .
tr	NN	Without moving his lips or changing his expression , the dragon said , " What is your greatest fear ? "
tr	NNS	" The warriors and I will enter separately to secure the airport where Harrison and Levi will be landing .
tr	NN	The side hatch opened .
tr	NNS	CHAPTER ten " The cookies that were delivered here the other day contained traces of strychnine . "
tr	NNS	" How are the meetings progressing ?
tr	NN	The second compartment , was half full with black Crystal .
tr	NNS	Bugs scanned the row .
tr	NNS	The other vampire covens are blaming me for what happened at The Oasis . "
tr	NNS	" My members are not happy .
tr	NNS	" The cameras at the Marriott aren 't operational .
tr	NN	The gel is cold . "
tr	NN	His partner tossed him a concerned look , patted him on the back .
tr	NNS	His kisses had been passionate and yet not roughly so , while his caresses and touch had been gentle .
tr	NN	True , there was no tangible proof , as yet , of the Commonwealth being involved with the assassination attempt or Stephanie 's disappearance .
tr	NNS	Words spilled from his mouth , beyond his control .
tr	NNS	" Things that eat stars ?
tr	NNS	Names are next to the number as to who is assigned which number . "
tr	NN	His feet were like blocks of ice , becoming almost too heavy for him to lift , firing pain up his legs with every step .
tr	NNS	Still , the images tore through his head , making it hard to focus on anything .
tr	NNS	Others were more formal .
tr	NN	In fact , much to his irritation , the whole operation looked wholly professionally run .
tr	NNS	Others know Duncan either drowned or disappeared , so they make up stories about the suicide .
tr	NNS	Fridays were always the same and Jay never asked for their order anymore .
tr	NNS	When the water faded , there was but a still lake again , bar faint ripples and the shimmering light that dwelt beneath the surface .
tr	NN	Part of the man 's job was giving the men rest if they appeared to be lagging .
tr	NN	There was astonishment on some of the faces surrounding them , a couple of which he vaguely recognized from the years before the war .
tr	NNS	Things got instantly quiet when he entered the stone maze .
tr	NNS	His boxers fell away with his pants and it was hard not to stare .
tr	NN	A backup plan . "
tr	NN	His bark was more of a warning than anything else , but he thought it necessary .
tr	NN	The schedule , though , had begun to control me .
tr	NN	The vow is that it must hurt none .
tr	NNS	Anyway , these deaths might have nothing to do with him . "
tr	NN	" So , " Elena said , stroking the cat 's head , " where is his lordship this morning ? "
tr	NN	The trick with the flame caught Daniel by surprise -- and frustrated him .
tr	NNS	Nerves usually worked as an excellent appetite suppressant for me .
tr	NN	The player pivoted to return the violin and bow to their case waiting on the chair beside him .
tr	NNS	" Her clients don 't want to have anything to do with her .
tr	NN	Happy birthday , sweetie . "
tr	NNS	Glowing red and creaking in the heat , thousands of golden Cyclops rose .
tr	NN	" Increasing glide slope one percent , " said the pilot making the smallest changes possible .
tr	NN	the herald cried , and the once tumultuous hall of vociferous voices went silent into mutterings .
tr	NNS	Cadmus nodded in agreement .
tr	NN	If he showed mercy , or did not fight to his full potential , then the tribe would kill them both .
tr	NN	" And you 're still here , I see , " countered the giant spider .
tr	NNS	When Dan arrived at school sporting an injury , the teachers were ready and waiting .
tr	NNS	the immortals in the room laughed .
tr	NNS	Several dozen warriors lay dead or injured , and the two enemy forces had not yet come together .
tr	NN	The first settlement and the safe zone around the Earth base were all on the same extensive plateau .
tr	NNS	The couples that came in didn 't stand a chance after he got talking to them .
tr	NNS	" The other members of Evelyn 's study found it very disturbing .
tr	NN	" But don 't worry , your Genny did her job just fine .
tr	NN	My eyes itch like crazy .
tr	NNS	Folks usually thought you had to stake a vamp to kill him .
tr	NN	In the mirrors of the elevator , her reflection stared back at her .
tr	NNS	The currents were equally hazardous .
tr	NN	The moon 's reflection in the deep pool shimmered with cool invitation .
tr	NN	There is a precision to his gestures that speaks volumes about his talents as a consort .
tr	NN	" There 's a tape ? "
tr	NN	And her mommy and daddy couldn 't have been happier .
tr	NN	There was no other explanation .
tr	NN	The train whistle blew as we rol ed into the train station .
tr	NNS	Other shoppers are smiling at him , his happiness so infectious .
tr	NN	Above her in the sky , a mass of squawking seagulls was taking flight .
tr	NNS	Not everybody dresses like they do here . "
tr	NN	" What 's your theory ? "
tr	NN	There is an art to bestowing pleasure , and I realized I could master it , similar to any other skill . "
tr	NNS	The classes are free and we don 't have any prerequisites for taking the class , as long as the attendees behave . "
tr	NNS	The cousins had carried out a very important mission on that occasion .
tr	NN	The pulsing stopped and the whole panel dimmed .
tr	NNS	In the old days hobbits used to go on their travels now and again .
tr	NN	" My guardian angel promises me a kill . "
tr	NNS	The dowager duchess waited in silence .
tr	NN	The video of her and Thomas hauling what looks like a body out of the house is going to be harder for them to explain .
tr	NN	The opposing faction that wished the Prince dead will again wage war against the crown .
tr	NNS	There are tunnels run under the Grays par a hundred miles what used to connect the kingdoms before the Mage Wars . "
tr	NNS	The wild groupies didn 't want anything but sex and attention .
tr	NNS	Only minds that are flexible and resilient can handle the shift .
tr	NNS	During all those lessons , the Walking Names never told the girls which images were make-believe and which ones were real .
tr	NNS	Looks like someone was trying to get himself a free ride . "
tr	NN	The leader of the Bastian Hunters nodded slightly .
tr	NNS	To complicate matters , literally thousands of capital residents are flooding the hospitals looking for relatives and friends they fear may have been wounded in the attack .
tr	NNS	His thumbs drew circles on her sides .
tr	NNS	Being free from the can , thousands of needle bones flexed from its belly , looking for a brain to interrogate .
tr	NN	" Great language recall and usage .
tr	NN	Such a brave Exile .
tr	NN	The studio was empty , and I took a moment to enjoy it .
tr	NN	" I made it seem like an accident , " Ferry said .
tr	NN	" My schedule says Roman . "
tr	NN	His instinct to fix the problem would win this time .
tr	NN	However , the altercation with Jonas Stone seemed as good a starting point as any .
tr	NNS	As I pulled archival photos of the hotel and the surrounding area , ideas were beginning to present themselves .
tr	NN	" Hey , my last ward just passed through the pearly gates .
tr	NNS	Simple crypt locks held the covers in place that could easily be removed .
tr	NN	" So the arrangement is platonic ?
tr	NN	The Program could have thrown him off the bridge for all I know , but even if he did jump , he did it to protect us .
tr	NNS	" But my messengers haven 't gone to the Two Rivers ! "
tr	NNS	There were trails of dried blood running from them .
tr	NN	" An engagement ring ! "
tr	NNS	" Things don 't matter to me .
tr	NNS	Things happened too quickly for him to tell .
tr	NNS	The pirates are sacking their houses .
tr	NNS	Lukas 's companions drew their swords .
tr	NNS	Most vamps would have been hiding in the shadows right then .
tr	NN	There was no soap opera here .
tr	NN	Not a single neighbor so much as opened their door during the course of the event .
tr	NNS	Girls always are much more fun to hang around with than guys , anyway . "
tr	NNS	Hardwood floors gleamed in every direction .
tr	NN	Thinking of her son was always serious , however , especially since he 'd made such good headway in Flattery 's security service .
tr	NN	The human condition was a frail one , as conditions went in the planes of existence .
tr	NN	Your grandmother was the daughter of a very powerful shaman .
tr	NN	The closest wormhole was one day away .
tr	NN	" The merger wasn 't their decision . "
tr	NN	If this is what it took to ensure Abbi 's safety , then kidnapping was fine with me .
tr	NNS	Things had gotten out of hand extremely fast .
tr	NNS	Before this day ended , several potentially humiliating experiences awaited him , including his meeting with the professor .
tr	NN	But there was no clash or clamour , nor drip of dew , nor the distant songs of birds .
tr	NNS	Things in your time would be so strange to me .
tr	NNS	After all , the World 's most powerful mages would be in attendance , and with any luck , so too would the One Elf .
tr	NNS	Approximately three quarters of the guests have already arrived .
tr	NNS	His front paws , one snowy white , came reaching out for my shoulders with their long blunt nails .
tr	NN	The dragon was extremely old .
tr	NN	A thin layer of snow covered the living room floor and she was shivering uncontrollably .
tr	NN	The refugee from inside , a man of about fifty , ran out and stopped by them .
tr	NNS	The sparkling fountains and impossibly green lawns that graced the office tower looked like an artificial oasis .
tr	NN	Slowly the realisation of whose voice it was , brought a subdued silence to the hall .
tr	NNS	And with that thought , his hopes seemed to go , too .
tr	NN	The pitch rose in his voice .
tr	NN	The tranquilizer only lasts about 24 hours . "
tr	NN	" ... " " Oh , the little murderer got depressed , boo hoo . "
tr	NN	The only explanation for her presence in my life was that my mom had sent her from heaven to look after us all .
tr	NN	Soon a silver sedan slips out into the street and leaves an opening in front of a pale pink house .
tr	NN	" How much would a dragon eat , do you suppose , in the way of cattle ? "
tr	NNS	The moss had no scent , unless it was faintly like grass clippings .
tr	NNS	Whether the girl 's story was true or not , the stakes were too high to turn down the gamble .
tr	NNS	Things either assault me or they don 't . "
tr	NN	Its repair required careful planning and the coordination of many steps .
tr	NN	" Ferry 's a liar , but we can use him .
tr	NNS	Maybe the guardians are dragons . '
tr	NNS	the immortals obliged , confirming Lily 's theory about the limitations of the human mind to comprehend .
tr	NN	The landing ahead had a door .
tr	NN	A giggle escaped her as the water flowed out of the spout , cascading down like a waterfall .
tr	NN	The crime scene unit has finished the prelim , but they 'll need a week to complete the follow-up .
tr	NN	A slight sheen of sweat dampened her flushed skin , reminding him of her face just before le petit mort .
tr	NNS	His instincts went on alert .
tr	NNS	Two zombies focused on him , killing him swiftly .
tr	NNS	If we make an attempt on Lucan 's life and fail , the consequences would be dire .
tr	NN	" But no-one else could have done it . "
tr	NN	A lantern glowed on three men while they laughed , shook hands and clapped each other on the back .
tr	NN	" Love 's confusing and can make you bonkers . "
tr	NNS	Things had been escalating lately thanks to whoever the guy -- or whatever he was -- that keeps popping up .
tr	NN	And a tie and a shirt and shoes , if you must know .
tr	NNS	Things began to look wavy , their borders fluid .
tr	NNS	" No worries , love .
tr	NN	Neatly made , the pillows plump , a quilt folded across the bottom .
tr	NN	Anita I can promise you , there definitely is an explanation .
tr	NN	In many worlds , the sacrifice of the school bus was enough to instil the dawning of understanding within you . '
tr	NNS	Her eyelids fluttered weakly and she took in a deep breath .
tr	NN	The tether had shifted position and was now pointing to the left .
tr	NNS	Your grandparents told you about the relic we are hunting ?
tr	NNS	Elias took out his cloth and slowly wiped off his face .
tr	NNS	Things were heating up in Paris ; the populace was growing more and more discontent with Louis Philippe , and the violence continued .
tr	NN	His facial features a curious , intriguing mix of cultures .
tr	NN	The squad spread out around our group , and we marched down the long corridor .
tr	NNS	Chills washed across Cole 's shoulders and down his back .
tr	NNS	Things have changed a bit since then , though .
tr	NNS	Screams echoed through the black stone hallways , cries of bestial agony mixing with solemn chanting .
tr	NNS	Barnabas looked at his slave with a warm smile , dripping with deceit .
tr	NNS	Numerous members of the press stood down the lobby , chattering .
tr	NN	The only possible explanation is I haven 't been burning all the released hydrogen .
tr	NNS	Others said a giant slumbered there , and some day it would awake and ravage the world .
tr	NN	But this same gratitude could not but make Laurence all the more sensible of the very real danger of conflict which this outpost represented .
tr	NNS	The wipers moved across her windshield , melting the spiraling snowflakes in a wet path across the glass .
tr	NN	In fact , her overall personality needed a makeover .
tr	NNS	The three toddlers at her feet squealed with delight and jumped up .
tr	NN	His injury and time recouping seemed to bring him a new sense of peace and clarity .
tr	NN	The blond thief aimed for the center of mass and didn 't miss him once .
tr	NN	The Death of Rats skipped across the snow , slid down a drainpipe and landed on the roof of a shed .
tr	NN	' And no-one would ever find us here . '
tr	NNS	Only the Last Words will do .
tr	NN	A white van bearing the name of a local furnace company pulled up to the plane .
tr	NN	Memory supplied jeans and a T-shirt .
tr	NNS	Two familiar figures stand inside the den while two more burst through the front door , knocking it clean off its hinges .
tr	NNS	" Things like this ? "
tr	NN	A snort of laughter shot from her throat .
tr	NNS	Three human figures seemed to kneel around a fourth who lay in a pool of black blood .
tr	NN	The area rug was all rumpled and the couch was crooked .
tr	NNS	" The man downstairs says that there are circus folk staying here .
tr	NN	Her sweater was the color of gulf water .
tr	NN	" This freaking dress . "
tr	NN	A dark haze , a halo of blackness , emanating from him .
tr	NN	Those wonderful chiseled features -- the guy had to have great genes .
tr	NNS	Others maybe will arrive tomorrow , more perhaps the next day .
tr	NN	For an instant , the gunfire drowned out the approach of the plane .
tr	NN	A resilient blonde danced on the stage while the other girls mingled in the crowd and Todd talked .
tr	NNS	A few strands of hair found their way to the front , but most of her hair draped along her back , looking quite delectable .
tr	NNS	The glowing butterflies fluttered their delicate wings and weaved between each other as they circled the young woman .
tr	NN	The powder settled on her like a swarm of shimmering bees .
tr	NN	The goon untied the rope from around my chest and pulled me to my feet .
tr	NN	A small trickle of blood begins to leak from Lacey 's nose , trailing red down over her lips before dripping onto her lap .
tr	NN	" Oh , hey , honey ... come here .
tr	NNS	Personal shoppers were on the top floor , but I could dress her , right ?
tr	NN	Sharp fangs exploded into his mouth , and he seized the first doe with his enormous strength , found the artery pulsing in the neck .
tr	NNS	To spread out , reach areas , experiences , comprehend and live in an evolving fashion .
tr	NN	The torso was empty .
tr	NN	There was no hesitation on her part .
tr	NNS	Yet my searches , in the realm of modern physics , led directly into this barren area of denial of a real world .
tr	NNS	His skills and sense of duty were two jaws of a trap closed on his life .
tr	NNS	On the positive side specialists are working to devise methodology that will defeat quantum computer decryption programs .
tr	NN	" Love is messy and unnecessary .
tr	NN	Amongst the casual clothing she 'd bought for the journey were the most important items she would ever own .
tr	NNS	My fingernails , what 's left of them , dig into the grimy wood of the bat .
tr	NN	There was no other explanation that made sense .
tr	NN	The rental was definitely a step down from Celia Street .
tr	NN	The dog left , the tapping of his claws marked his passage down the hall .
tr	NNS	" Things are going great .
tr	NN	The government was always trying for something anything - that might produce more acceptance of robots .
tr	NN	No forced entry might mean no claim . '
tr	NN	The narrow ledge will make fighting a bitch , and where the hell is Vel ?
tr	NN	The heap wasn 't too good on gas , but its speed got me out of quite a few jams in the past .
tr	NN	The shooter hurried away .
tr	NN	A pound of each fell on the criminals .
tr	NNS	Her contacts , and those of my stepfather before he died , proved invaluable for expanding my business in New York and beyond . "
tr	NN	The growl rolled and shook , and I understood in that instant that the tunnel had been booby-trapped .
tr	NN	The receptionist pointed to a person in a white coat .
tr	NNS	The three group captains responded .
tr	NNS	Flowers wound up and down the trunks of the trees , blossoming in every vibrant color possible .
tr	NN	As she strode through the forest of mirrors , her reflection shifted everywhere .
tr	NN	Her uncle had usually insisted on her having a chauffeur when she was growing up .
tr	NNS	There are five inner planets all are about the size as the planets in our solar system and in the same order of size .
tr	NNS	Moses laughed as though Ray had told a joke .
tr	NN	There was the loopy design above the double doors .
tr	NNS	Alexis gets back to her feet and lets out a heavy sigh and raises the sledge hammer high above her head .
tr	NN	Furthermore , the method of ending his life conveys no obscure message .
tr	NN	How was History ? "
tr	NN	A large cone-shaped mountain emerged from the ground and towered over the landscape .
tr	NNS	The servants , and there were several , lived in the basement .
tr	NN	My supervisor told me that if I could wait until the fall , they would transfer me to the Dallas branch as soon as it opened . "
tr	NNS	Something ironic , like ' We 've seen a million faces and rocked about eighty percent of them . ' "
tr	NNS	Long story short , ghosts just coming out of the closet sucked at communication .
tr	NNS	" The House vamps would have to acknowledge vamps who 've bucked the system , and ask for their help .
tr	NNS	The practices were exhausting , which Tavi thought was their single largest benefit .
tr	NNS	Danes can be prone to hip dysplasia , and other types of diseases and abnormalities that make any dog that has them a poor candidate for breeding .
tr	NN	Love of sugar had to mean true love .
tr	NNS	There are a few specialists still left , like Alexis and his team .
tr	NN	There was absolutely no point dwelling on past mistakes , especially not with the meeting looming .
tr	NN	An interruption by the waiter , bringing the artistic entrees and expensive wine .
tr	NNS	The hardships of our Quest were hard to know ahead of time .
tr	NNS	The aircraft made good progress and , looking down , the passengers began to see a growing number of islands .
tr	NN	The absurdity of the object sent the room into sustained laughter .
tr	NN	A purity of features , a radiance most beings could only ever dream about .
tr	NN	A bejeweled ceiling fan whirled slowly overhead .
tr	NN	There was a crash and Clary stuck her head anxiously through the hole .
tr	NNS	" What are the cookies for , Bella ? "
tr	NNS	Two floors of apartments wrapped around an inner courtyard .
tr	NN	Grinning and nodding , the wily politician walked the edge of the staircase as his fans reached out to grasp his coat .
tr	NN	A heavy layer of sweat broke across his forehead .
tr	NNS	As they increased the tempo of their claps his strands had to defend his own and try to defeat his mother 's .
tr	NN	While it had been going on , his humorless first mate began to say something about it being outrageous .
tr	NN	The attorney , unmoved by the tears , asked again as to her decision .
tr	NNS	Barnabas seemed to draw himself back together , looking worried and scared .
tr	NNS	The girlfriends would sit in the kitchen talking about sex and drinking wine .
tr	NNS	All these visitors could very well upset her and send her into a regression . "
tr	NNS	At that moment a warm wetness spread out from the bundle that Silas still had hidden under his cloak .
tr	NNS	Two other detectives ushered in Keisha and Lorenzo .
tr	NNS	" Still think cookies are better than orgasms ? "
tr	NN	A witness saw someone in uniform matching Galia 's description leaving his hotel room about forty-five minutes ago .
tr	NNS	The young lovers were so carefree , only living according to the time dictated by love .
tr	NN	His downfall came when he decided to be adventurous and join a rock band .
tr	NN	The trio stood and motioned shaking dust from their bodies .
tr	NNS	For reasons I couldn 't explain , the familiar surroundings made me feel better .
tr	NNS	By now the gorillas had overwhelmed everyone in the camp .
tr	NNS	Maris shook his head , his feelings surging up within him and giving him the strength to speak again .
tr	NNS	A few good jumps , followed by a few sprinted steps , and the sheep was more fully on the ship .
tr	NNS	Maybe a slender , sleek , blue-eyed blonde would be the perfect cure for what was ailing him .
tr	NNS	With the sun setting , the temperatures were cooling drastically .
tr	NN	Love is the way I feel for you , the way you fill something inside me whenever you so much as walk into the same room .
tr	NNS	Other dancers were moving onto the floor .
tr	NN	The dog 's tail walloped against my thigh .
tr	NN	The pitch of the whistling changed into screams .
tr	NN	The glamour hid it , but my concentration was bad .
tr	NN	" What is your condition ? "
tr	NNS	Yellow hats rained down .
tr	NN	The van gave a low groan as it struggled to start in the winter cold , but soon it was running .
tr	NN	The bullet had entered his body an inch or two lower than his collar bone , gone in clean and punched straight through .
tr	NNS	" There were only three suicides within the late 1800s , early 1900s -- that there were records of .
tr	NN	No other mermaid would have gone near him .
tr	NNS	His impish grin didn 't quite explode with its normal force , plus his shoulders slumped a couple inches lower than normal .
tr	NN	There was a real live , breathing goddess in front of her !
tr	NN	" Strong fighter in garden , " he said .
tr	NN	" There 's an old prophecy that one day a vampire will turn a human girl without the consent of the council .
tr	NN	There was a pulse .
tr	NN	His optimism was comforting , and I reached for his hand as we walked .
tr	NNS	Reyes stared at the woman .
tr	NNS	The eagle posters sparked a tiny shard of a memory : no doubt I 'd spent lots of time in here .
tr	NN	The werewolf growled when someone knocked at the door .
tr	NNS	Even his sandals were of a fine make , and he had a ring on every finger .
tr	NNS	And of course , Meir 's steady snores were easy to focus on .
tr	NN	The archangel had seemed to believe Paul would change his mind .
tr	NNS	His eyelids flutter open .
tr	NNS	There were rumours of a new firm in his wife 's name .
tr	NNS	Even the drunks in the bar wouldn 't be oblivious to a gunshot .
tr	NNS	Two thumps on the hood and my eyes narrow at a boy with blond dreads motioning for me to inch closer to the line .
tr	NNS	His companions were smart enough to reach the same conclusion he had .
tr	NNS	' Things that have happened mean they are over .
tr	NNS	The twins are with me . "
tr	NNS	His spies slip through every net , and his birds of ill omen are abroad in the sky .
tr	NN	" The chick 's dorm ? "
tr	NNS	" Even your beggars look well off . "
tr	NNS	Foreign creatures lounged beneath a red sun .
tr	NNS	The mercenaries , however , didn 't look surprised .
tr	NN	Tonight her neighbor wore olive slacks with a matching sweater vest and emerald necklace .
tr	NNS	" How many family members grow up to be friends ? "
tr	NN	The magnitude of his deception hit me , and I slapped him .
tr	NN	" Shooting ... . .
tr	NNS	Both cats drank from that , too .
tr	NNS	Opaque lighting fixtures hang from the ceiling .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flare and light flashes in the dark , glittering eyes .
tr	NNS	Mike and Danny 's minds churned as they landed in the mist of a competitive chess game .
tr	NN	Not your usual style , but the gown works for you . "
tr	NN	the spider bellowed angrily .
tr	NNS	No more mysteries left to solve for that detective .
tr	NNS	With the dress draped over her arms , the seamstress departed .
tr	NNS	Only five shots remained in the magazine .
tr	NN	A snort splattered coffee against the topper on her mug .
tr	NNS	And yet ... Sage 's instincts told him she was exactly what she appeared to be .
tr	NN	My grandmother is sitting across from me with a stoic look on her face .
tr	NNS	The other rats laughed , but not the king who whipped his tail out from under Henry and slashed poor Gox in half .
tr	NNS	His movements were slow , unhurried , and deliciously torturous .
tr	NNS	About a dozen snack cakes fell out along with an iPod , some ear buds , and some power bars .
tr	NNS	" The fierce tigers , see , stalk the innocent little goats , and the innocent little goats try to run from the tigers .
tr	NN	Clark Bent 's posse closed the gap with each twitchy step .
tr	NNS	An emptiness he 'd never seen .
tr	NN	The werewolf slashed at my head but I ducked just in time .
tr	NN	Fae folk , villagers , and elves had all sent out search parties with the strict instructions to be as discreet as possible .
tr	NNS	There were no guarantees , of course .
tr	NN	The footmen at the doors waited for the tinkers to leave .
tr	NNS	" But all the supplies were right there .
tr	NN	the little red fiend piped .
tr	NNS	My instincts take over and I roll to my left , just as the Mog shoots the space where seconds ago I was comatose .
tr	NN	Anyway the diary 's virginal white again . '
tr	NNS	Warm colors adorned the walls and old classic pieces of furniture were well preserved and polished .
tr	NNS	The peaks she had seen earlier turned into mountain ranges .
tr	NN	They were all standing outside the office , Helen 's intent was to surprise Helen at the last moment .
tr	NNS	The hard facts were difficult in not impossible to ignore .
tr	NN	Her surface network of blue veins was slightly more visible than other people 's because she was nearly pale enough to be translucent .
tr	NN	Come along , folk down there will love to meet you guys . '
tr	NNS	The shadowed colors of his coat and his size gave him an almost ghostly appearance .
tr	NN	Still , after two miscarriages , the panicky flutter in her heart refused to calm .
tr	NN	Did the old bastard really die in there ? "
tr	NN	The motor 's pitch reaches a threatening crescendo as the solar cycle passes , then drops slowly as the bike recedes .
tr	NNS	Since the food shortages , production and research efforts went to food .
tr	NNS	The electronic locks were down , too .
tr	NN	Link and I tried to stop him , but he 's shattered it once more , " she reveals , holding up her hand .
tr	NN	There was a shelf mounted on the wall , full of a display of Avon carnival glass .
tr	NN	The author acknowledges the trademark status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction , which have been used without permission .
tr	NNS	There were no dangerously hot footsteps on the foyer tiles .
tr	NNS	Hendricks wiped the perspiration beading on his forehead .
tr	NNS	The rain drops fell around him , forming expanding ripples in the green veil of energy that surrounded him .
tr	NNS	Various gang members followed him around and watched his back and did not resent his total lack of acknowledgement of their existence .
tr	NNS	Looks like a leg ... " , asked Rude Gold .
tr	NNS	The front two seats were for the pilot and copilot .
tr	NN	The coin pouch ... someone had Pulled on it , using its metal to yank her backward .
tr	NN	The scent of magnolias still radiated from the candles , the art was still beautiful .
tr	NNS	Two delicate spikes run down the side and project out past my fingers .
tr	NN	' Or a surgeon , ' Love said quietly .
tr	NN	His revenge was complete and his evil soul was content .
tr	NN	Love has its own plan -- I see it more clearly than you do .
tr	NN	Damien 's best option was to keep his answers as short and to the point as possible .
tr	NNS	The bites had been savage and immediately fatal to the brothers .
tr	NNS	Things haven 't changed much in the past year . "
tr	NN	His partner shot him in the heart .
tr	NNS	The usual media disinformation campaign . "
tr	NN	The arrival of a messenger from Barrier Keep forced him to change his plans . "
tr	NN	The limousine I rented waits outside in the driveway while I wait for Kayla in her living room .
tr	NNS	The courts can 't make war on American soil , and we can 't allow humans to worship us as deities . "
tr	NN	The socket of the other was hollow and raw and Esme 's gorge rose in her throat .
tr	NN	Jasmine 's pulse leapt at the name .
tr	NN	The outer layer of the planet is basically a sea of weather-beaten silicon .
tr	NN	" Nay , ' t is simply ale .
tr	NN	Just hover above us a bit and ... " The dragon pulled out of its fall and came to a halt several metres overhead .
tr	NNS	The ideas were hers .
tr	NNS	" How many demon species are there , anyway ?
tr	NN	My sister-in-law decoded some of the acronyms for me .
tr	NN	" -- makes a good investigator into something akin to a midwife . "
tr	NNS	Things that make my head dizzy with excitement and my heart pound with fear .
tr	NN	A creak emits from the dining room , and the chandelier starts in on a slow swing , rocking from one side to the other .
tr	NN	His fur twined and his eyes widened .
tr	NNS	There were no recent documents in this box that she could find .
tr	NN	If she 'd had one more ounce of body fat , the bullet would have gone right through her .
tr	NN	A hunt for information went out through the kingdom .
tr	NNS	Like the silvery noises in the air , these footsteps of light were shy of observation .
tr	NNS	It was thick and hard , entire degrees hotter than the rest of him .
tr	NNS	Flames from the far opposite walls looked like matches .
tr	NNS	" Not movies anyway ... she 's going to hurt herself ! "
tr	NN	The stack behind him was high enough to supply a family of five for an entire winter .
tr	NNS	The tightness in his chest didn 't release though .
tr	NN	The sedan pulled in across the street , the agents clearly watching me .
tr	NNS	Also the occasional social engagements , birthdays noted .
tr	NNS	Things will probably start to go wrong later on . "
tr	NN	there was a mischievous gleam in his eyes .
tr	NN	The pit in my stomach pulled lower , what have I done to this poor girl ?
tr	NN	Then , the goblin checked Julie 's debt , which also had interests , and informed her about it .
tr	NNS	The clients will never see your measurements , of course .
tr	NNS	He scented the air , his movements lewd , turning Ava 's stomach as her rage started to build .
tr	NN	There was a tap on the door and everyone jumped .
tr	NNS	Dusty roads led away to similar gatherings of abodes .
tr	NNS	The oppressive tightness in his center , what always signaled things spiraling out of control , heightened .
tr	NN	The dragon , for his part , never forgot how the boy had helped him when he had such terrible toothache .
tr	NN	" Our master calls us home .
tr	NNS	The two cats rolled over and over in a terrible fury making it impossible to aid her cousin .
tr	NNS	And some species can pass at will , like vampires .
tr	NN	" In my country , assault is a crime . "
tr	NN	" You 'd best file a report with P.C. Jones being as he 's local like , " said the inspector .
tr	NNS	Two more shots rang out , and Jesse 's body thumped beside me .
tr	NNS	Others may define them more in the poetry of science than I will do .
tr	NN	Donovan 's scowl was instantaneous .
tr	NNS	And then the other siblings could recapture him .
tr	NN	The back door opened onto a small storage room , the bare walls peeling paint .
tr	NN	The very lack of decorative details seemed to emphasize the purpose for which the weapons had been made .
tr	NN	A little sheepish , he shrugged his wide shoulders .
tr	NN	His manner of address had not been patronising or condescending in any way .
tr	NNS	Elegant hotels , tea shops , and clean native retailers lined the main roads .
tr	NN	Her instinct was to lock her ankles together , but she forced herself to comply .
tr	NN	The air duct to the next classroom hung open .
tr	NN	The posse didn 't budge .
tr	NN	There was so much gas in there that Mac and Lynn glowed even brighter .
tr	NN	One good deed done for the day .
tr	NNS	Freaks lived in the tunnel -- inhuman and mad with hunger .
tr	NNS	" These solar flares aren 't going to be anything more than a temporary inconvenience . "
tr	NNS	All my hopes and dreams seem lost , dead along with dad .
tr	NNS	Several skyscrapers occupied in the city center , and he could see trains snaking their way between them .
tr	NNS	In her mind , the drops of water had formed into the man 's face once again .
tr	NN	But my escort doesn 't seem to mind , because he smiles an amused smile .
tr	NN	He smiled , kissed the tip of her nose .
tr	NN	The million dollar question .
tr	NNS	However , there are other species that have been uplifted and they 're the ones I 've seen replicated . "
tr	NN	How would the mascara on her cheeks taste ?
tr	NNS	These drugs had been on the market for forty years .
tr	NN	" Well , there 's a bloody brilliant character observation . "
tr	NNS	Her skills were clearly no match for either man who parried and thrust in furious rhythm .
tr	NNS	Gymnastics classes hadn 't failed her .
tr	NNS	" Thank you , ladies and lads , " Jeff Calhoun began .
tr	NN	So shot by shot , the strip slowly dries out and your drives start to have a hint of shape .
tr	NN	Though he had been having inappropriate relations with his secretary for several months , his secretary only once started an e-mail conversation with him .
tr	NN	Her belly tightened , and the walls inside her felt like they were about to come tumbling down .
tr	NN	Her nausea had calmed down and she was thirsty .
tr	NNS	What if his in-laws are nutcases ?
tr	NN	I swallowed then licked my lips , absentmindedly pulled the bottom one through my teeth with worry .
tr	NNS	Rufus still held on to Jimmy .
tr	NN	The principal told me I was a lucky girl that such a great man took an interest in me .
tr	NNS	Looks like it 's up to me .
tr	NN	The lieutenant briskly walks over and puts the head phones on to listen .
tr	NNS	Hephaestus was a giant of a god , so I had to stand on tiptoes .
tr	NNS	" The ice caps , " Sye said , " He flooded the city of mirrors , what if he flooded all of Gaia ? "
tr	NNS	Things were changing too fast .
tr	NNS	Not all members of the department were friendly .
tr	NN	The corporal held my wrists while his companion , a common soldier , found a piece of rope and tied my hands behind my back .
tr	NN	" But there 's one condition . "
tr	NN	Finally , an observation with which Pendleton could unequivocally agree .
tr	NN	Like the turf was in his blood .
tr	NN	The Dwarf struggled harder on hearing the offer .
tr	NN	He still had duties , was still a warrior whose home needed to be defended , now more than ever .
tr	NNS	There were their chess squares .
tr	NN	" A unified theory of everything , " she said .
tr	NN	" Where is your partner ? "
tr	NNS	Brent 's deceptive , juvenile actions had killed more of Trent 's relationships than he could count .
tr	NN	Her womb tightened again .
tr	NN	Not even his discipline could hide the pain in his features , and Amara suddenly ached for the old man .
tr	NNS	A couple staff members passed us , but we walked confidently enough that no one stopped us .
tr	NNS	Things would be a whole lot simpler if we could . "
tr	NNS	Things have been going pretty well for the both of us .
tr	NN	But when Colleen saw him , a disapproving scowl settled over her features .
tr	NN	This unit had a window in the door and Michael could see that the lead was about a foot thick .
tr	NN	But the entire scenario was a ruse .
tr	NN	Chance had found a side table with an old-fashioned glass lamp .
tr	NN	The Dream was not accepting customers at this time .
tr	NN	" The deed has my name on it too .
tr	NNS	Lives nearly forgotten over a decade of tyranny .
tr	NNS	The stark and simple colors brought out the angular perfection of his features .
tr	NN	" However my partner prefers to experience it . "
tr	NN	The dragon abruptly dropped his tail and frowned , " Wait .
tr	NN	" Your darling son .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of Travis led her to remember she had to deliver Jason 's present .
tr	NN	A tad too much , and kids can be cruel . "
tr	NNS	Things didn 't sound fine .
tr	NN	" What is a werewolf claiming ?
tr	NNS	Religious objects weren 't such a surefire undead cure after all .
tr	NN	" No sharing Zach ? "
tr	NN	The rhythmic thud of a galloping horse brings my attention back to shore .
tr	NNS	Harry 's eyelids fluttered , but he was otherwise unresponsive .
tr	NN	In his wake at last came the Highland dancers .
tr	NNS	There were at least fifty RSVP cards in the pile .
tr	NN	Not a light chuckle but a deep laugh that came from someplace inside him she 'd never seen before .
tr	NN	Her grandmother would probably cut off anything which wasn 't vital for his survival , and her father would probably fire him .
tr	NN	This author writes in Australian English .
tr	NNS	Flames flickered hungrily across the logs .
tr	NNS	Did the symptoms appear last night after I had left ?
tr	NNS	My footsteps echoed in the quiet building , and little twirls of smoke wafted into the air as I lit the multitude of candles .
tr	NNS	And just now , all her resources were attuned to finding one teenage girl in this swarming mall .
tr	NNS	These items , however , were not his concern .
tr	NN	The trio hurried to the last helicopter , which was still waiting in the basin .
tr	NN	" British justice doesn 't work like that . "
tr	NNS	No worries , she told herself , taking another deep breath and letting this one out a bit more slowly .
tr	NNS	Heavy puffs of his warm breath rose from him .
tr	NN	His angel deserved only goodness .
tr	NNS	Some invaders had entered the church and blocked the door .
tr	NNS	Snow flakes fell on his tongue and melted .
tr	NN	The leopard had been veering toward the highlands they had already explored .
tr	NN	" No other religious rituals ? "
tr	NNS	Maybe your protection runes and ability to see us started it .
tr	NNS	Survival instincts honed in the caves where she 'd been held captive kicked in .
tr	NN	Yet the spotlight clouded his thinking and Tony somehow convinced himself that he actually had a chance to win .
tr	NNS	Are there any high values still valid , or have they all been buried in the past ?
tr	NNS	" The hardwood floors and ceilings came with the building , over a hundred years ago .
tr	NNS	Alexis asks as she looks confused .
tr	NN	His goal is to find seven passengers to maximize his profits for one trip .
tr	NNS	Things were back to normal .
tr	NN	The inspector leaned forward .
tr	NN	Another rider came up the hill , a man in a shabby , hooded cloak .
tr	NN	Principal Billings ' announcement on the intercom had interrupted their last class of the day .
tr	NN	The lack of motion didn 't slow her kiss .
tr	NNS	No footsteps sounded in the entry hall on the other side of the door .
tr	NN	Unfortunately , her email only read to call her , and I reached Deanna 's voice mail when I tried .
tr	NN	As she neared the front door , the dull staccato of throbbing music vibrated through her .
tr	NN	" Where is the video ? "
tr	NN	The uncertainty , though , was terrible .
tr	NN	Slowly the menacing mob began to circle the Keep as the creatures paused longer and longer between strikes .
tr	NN	Suddenly a hulk of a Consumed walked into view .
tr	NN	Part of the vault melted . "
tr	NNS	The winds were at their back and it was a short notch of the sundial later that they reached Dark Fist .
tr	NNS	Muscles tensed throughout my body .
tr	NNS	The tall steel skyscrapers made great targets for Zeus , the Greek god of storms .
tr	NNS	Then Saul 's eyelids flickered and he ... lowered his head ?
tr	NNS	The moving tentacles and arms were clear .
tr	NN	Every nerve in his body snapped .
tr	NN	The writing was so old it was hard to understand , and some of the letters didn 't seem to be in the right places . "
tr	NN	Perhaps the air conditioning had caused a draft and I hadn 't closed the door completely , causing it to blow open .
tr	NNS	But after half the contents was getting some colour back into his face .
tr	NN	He came around a bend in the road , then saw a distant haze of light coming from the valley down below .
tr	NNS	" What are the damages ? "
tr	NN	The trick of gardening is observation .
tr	NNS	" How little you know about me , Your Highness , " he replies .
tr	NNS	Ad campaigns took time and required the correct amount of preparation .
tr	NN	" A little over 3,000 , " my teacher said .
tr	NN	Only the actual hunts included everyone , though gossip had started spreading that another was soon on the way .
tr	NNS	The twins charged up the stairs and came face-to-face with their livid nanny .
tr	NNS	His pupils dilated again as he took in the view and his mouth opened slightly .
tr	NNS	Animals like zebras and caribou didn 't live in herds because they were sociable ; herding was a defense against predation .
tr	NNS	The soft colors of lemon yellow and lime-green were predominant .
tr	NN	' My main concern will be that they are able to move quickly with us , clothing will not be important .
tr	NNS	Things had kind of come full circle , as they were finally heading back to the South where they came from .
tr	NNS	Her cheerfulness came back again .
tr	NNS	" My cramps are far less . "
tr	NNS	Words poured out with a pain he couldn 't imagine .
tr	NN	A sob rose in Tucker 's chest , escaping in shaking gasps .
tr	NNS	Looks like I 'm too valuable to kill . "
tr	NN	A petite brunette stood next to me and offered me a glass of champagne .
tr	NN	The lieutenant stood looking at him silently for several seconds and Sampson was about to repeat his demand when the lieutenant spoke .
tr	NN	The vote for Jones ' bill was in less than two hours .
tr	NNS	Two types of people who never tip are arguing couples and foreigners .
tr	NNS	Unless Jasmine could uncover some real evidence , chances were good she 'd never know .
tr	NNS	More images slammed into his brain , sounds of torture and madness .
tr	NN	The warrior inclined his head in a slow nod .
tr	NN	A great roar sounded in Ice 's head like a wave breaking and crashing on a beach and the table dissolved beneath him .
tr	NNS	Her footsteps slipped backward , toward the door .
tr	NNS	The nurses said they 'd keep an eye on things . "
tr	NNS	That much Reyes had learned from Danika 's paintings .
tr	NN	" A high-ranking policeman , one who 's never been here before and is wearing street clothing , is looking at your house .
tr	NN	A blush crept onto her face as she squeezed into the tight assemblage .
tr	NN	A log crackled , sending small sparks up to the sky .
tr	NN	He final y came when she squeaked one more time , the sound dragging him over the edge .
tr	NNS	Girls glanced at her , hopeful , nervous .
tr	NN	Victoria 's belly did that little flip that settled into a warm tingling through her limbs , and she swallowed .
tr	NNS	Two servants followed her , bearing bundles .
tr	NN	A ruthless hunter that considered humans prey .
tr	NN	There was no hesitation as he caught up the phone , punching in a number few people had access to .
tr	NNS	The letters ended in the April of the previous year .
tr	NNS	My skills are in high demand internationally . "
tr	NNS	The light switches are to the left , just inside the doors . "
tr	NNS	Mostly their planes were too far away for me to see except as pinpoints in the sky .
tr	NNS	My mothers was not scientific , and I was left to struggle with a child 's blindness , added to a student 's thirst for knowledge .
tr	NN	The description of the dish was as inconsistent as the story of why it was important to find it that evening .
tr	NNS	At least the drugs were wearing off enough that she might be able to walk out of here under her own power .
tr	NNS	Lots of pieces of me went missing , too .
tr	NN	And the outline of a man 's face ... " You caught me off guard , I 'll grant you that much . "
tr	NNS	Filtering through his ranting there were many gems of knowledge .
tr	NNS	My defenses were puny and they collapsed within minutes .
tr	NN	The FAA inspector said it was packed properly . "
tr	NN	An illusion and a spatial delusion caused by the absolute darkness , with no point of reference , no sense of dimension , everything flat black .
tr	NNS	Lights were on pretty much across all of the city .
tr	NNS	Others reacted to the deadline with surprise , some with fear .
tr	NNS	Whatever the reason , the dinosaur decided that Bluebeard should be its next victim and moved its head towards him , its vast jaws open in anticipation .
tr	NN	Every inch they progressed Geoff would upset the cart , causing him to feel like a beginner again .
tr	NNS	Looks like we 're having a psycho reunion this week ... Oh wait , it 's Mardi Gras .
tr	NNS	The directions and keycard were both good , and before long , we found ourselves at the door leading out to the roof .
tr	NN	He turned his head to look at her then , the agony in his eyes undiminished .
tr	NNS	' Our mothers want us in the lounge room with them .
tr	NNS	Black 's hopes soared .
tr	NN	A hard swat came down on my rear , and I gasped .
tr	NN	Protein and vitamins , a runner 's meal .
tr	NN	My aunt Sylvia adopted a baby last year .
tr	NN	Part of her definitely wanted that .
tr	NN	The next second she was gone , the rustle of leaves the only sign she 'd been there a moment ago .
tr	NN	" The sheriff is considering whether to call this Ebrahim or send somebody up to talk with him in person .
tr	NNS	" So jewels collected for any number of purposes could be useless if there isn 't someone on hand to assess or cut them . "
tr	NN	" Speak of the devil , " the vendor said .
tr	NNS	Three extra pairs of eyes should make the search go much faster . "
tr	NN	" Wearing even so much as my unmentionables is causing me severe discomfort , though I am more than happy to oblige for your sake .
tr	NN	The urn remained upright .
tr	NN	" Lie back . "
tr	NNS	Speculative murmurs rippled through the room .
tr	NN	A tremor rocked the human .
tr	NN	" What was your degree in ? "
tr	NN	Love is all very well ... " " He does .
tr	NN	The clamor of horses and men arriving in the hundreds resonated through the village .
tr	NN	There was a skittish glint to my eyes , one I doubted the old Sammy sported .
tr	NNS	Linoleum floors never felt as good as they did at that moment .
tr	NNS	The lower floors are pretty full , and the middle floors get rented out during football season , but top two floors are pretty bare .
tr	NN	The scary glint in those soulless black eyes said Mr. Head didn 't like or appreciate the interference .
tr	NNS	Things kind of fell apart when I left but I 'm back .
tr	NN	But the ravine only seemed to grow wider , like the maw of a giant beast opening to devour the world .
tr	NNS	" How were the slopes this morning ? "
tr	NN	Where was the government ?
tr	NNS	Will wonders never cease . "
tr	NN	The leading hunter nodded right and silently the other agreed .
tr	NNS	My apologies , it is just that you are a remarkable image of your mother .
tr	NNS	The shouts stop , and his face appears behind the glass .
tr	NNS	Decorated in glitter , the posters had letters that spelled out things like FIRE AND ICE BALL and TICKETS ON SALE !
tr	NN	There was a snort from Bianca .
tr	NNS	Things that had never gone wrong before were not just going wrong , but failing in epic proportions .
tr	NNS	There are other types of connections that are created when people interact with one another ; some good , some bad .
tr	NNS	The banks would soon be the most chaotic places imaginable , next to the supermarkets and gas stations .
tr	NNS	Others say it 's more of a fable , with hidden meanings . "
tr	NN	" Long distance seduction doesn 't work for me .
tr	NNS	There were no blank spots in his mind to indicate a vampire , but she didn 't believe John Paul was aware of what he was doing .
tr	NNS	The dwarves remained within the confines of the path .
tr	NN	The momentum spun him into the bulkhead beside her , but she had a good grip on a handhold so they both stayed put .
tr	NNS	Sometimes the whispers become our thoughts , driving us to do things we wouldn 't normally do .
tr	NN	The bike slowed down , rattling and bumping over the uneven road .
tr	NNS	Our visitors are here . '
tr	NNS	The images shifted and two identical children appeared next to a woman .
tr	NN	" Love is funny , isn 't it ? "
tr	NN	" Your pardon , Madam , I meant weapons . "
tr	NNS	Transparent computer screens hung along the walls , scrolling data and showing different video clips .
tr	NNS	My footsteps echoed as I went from room to room looking for my dad .
tr	NN	Two fan letters . "
tr	NNS	The ancestors would be proud of your courage on this . "
tr	NNS	Lights snapped on and three faces peered out of windows .
tr	NN	So his sanity was safe for the time being at least .
tr	NN	" Ah , there 's that flattery again . "
tr	NNS	Border raids have plagued the West for centuries .
tr	NNS	Parts of the city looked untouched from this distance , but as we flew closer I could see destroyed buildings .
tr	NNS	" All my teachers acted like they wanted to have my head , though . "
tr	NNS	Chills ran through her at the memory of what had happened to the kitchen boy .
tr	NN	The duke , his father , had fixed his gaze on him and was speaking to him .
tr	NN	A twinkle of hope lit up the darkness that had engulfed her .
tr	NN	" The trio is planning some sort of ceremony here at Marion 's Camp and they want me to join them . "
tr	NN	As his hands retreat , a lace pendant of some type hangs from the chain .
tr	NN	A trickle of unease penetrated the pleasant wine haze .
tr	NNS	The wonders of that city had long fascinated me .
tr	NN	Lust flared in his eyes .
tr	NNS	His eyelids twitched maniacally as if his facial muscles were overloaded by conflicting messages .
tr	NN	But email can be spotty around here , like cell phone service . "
tr	NNS	Neon signs , lined up under the eaves , proclaimed the brands of beer supposedly available within .
tr	NNS	His eyes are open , however they are lifeless , his pupils dilated and rolled upwards , towards the back of his head .
tr	NN	CHAPTER 9 Today is going to be a good day , then I woke up " Hi , Miranda .
tr	NN	The convoy commander needed to neutralize this threat .
tr	NNS	The signs did show that the canoe had been beached there several times in the past .
tr	NNS	" Bugs , have you seen Timmy ? "
tr	NNS	Parts of the simulator were shutting down , and some of the controls were not responding .
tr	NN	Kenny 's scowl deepened .
tr	NN	The silver cord burned me like a lash .
tr	NNS	Romulus pulled him to his feet rather roughly .
tr	NNS	Usually squirrels are an issue , not raccoons . "
tr	NN	" If he liked your parents so much , he ' l feel like he has to tel you the truth .
tr	NNS	Their animal instincts for survival become engaged . "
tr	NN	The only explanation he could come up with was the Nesbitt thing .
tr	NNS	Images burst behind my eyes .
tr	NN	Trying to drag myself out of a way comfortable bed where I 'm surrounded by fluffy pillows and soft bedding is pretty much the epitome of torture .
tr	NN	She couldn , t live without saving lives .
tr	NN	The captain turned on the fasten seat-belt sign and announced our final descent into the Asheville Regional airport .
tr	NNS	Things were different now and he had no idea how he was going to survive .
tr	NNS	Their contents had scattered across the store and created a rattling symphony sometimes when people walked .
tr	NNS	There undoubtedly were internal changes , radically different metabolism and cell structure , ability to utilize hot salts , altered digestive system .
tr	NN	" This pond was some kind of fancy lake back in the days before Wesley deeded the land to Grandpa Lester . "
tr	NNS	Flames engulfed him , angry white-hot fire melted the flesh off his bones , and he screamed once more .
tr	NN	The mechanism had loosened enough for the knife to be released , maybe now he could somehow force them open .
tr	NN	The next boom of thunder threatened a decent sized storm .
tr	NN	I mean , for example , you , Admiral , your rank is clearly visible . "
tr	NN	Perhaps noting her instinctive withdrawal , the gentleman bared his large teeth in what was no doubt intended as a smile .
tr	NNS	All around them , the warriors were preparing to fan out and begin their search of the outlying forest .
tr	NN	A soft chuckle sounded behind them .
tr	NN	" Because I sorta knew he was interested in me . "
tr	NNS	My attempts at conversation are going unheeded , but I continue to talk anyway .
tr	NN	A minute later the mound of mud moved .
tr	NN	The courtroom itself seemed alive .
tr	NN	" Don 't worry , " Jazz said out loud , and ducked a punch .
tr	NN	A tremor of relief rocked her body .
tr	NNS	Raymond 's elbow shots had rendered him defenseless .
tr	NNS	Things are different now . "
tr	NNS	Chess had held my hand yesterday .
tr	NNS	" The seats are vinyl - it 's my granny 's car .
tr	NNS	Only the ancestors and the Circle remained cognizant .
tr	NN	A sob escaped Mia 's lips as she looked at Max 's earnest , fierce expression .
tr	NNS	" Folks like me . "
tr	NN	The applause died down , and the announcer climbed the few stairs to the runway .
tr	NNS	Their relatives all had a different variation of the mark .
tr	NN	The shrieking stopped momentarily before piercing the air again .
tr	NNS	Their mothers knew each other .
tr	NN	His torso leaned against the chair back , enough to tip it forward until his forward progress was halted by the edge of the table .
tr	NN	A blue haze swept across the water to envelop the boat .
tr	NN	Her bra had seen better days , but it was still wearable .
tr	NN	There 's a heap of old junk the builders have dug up .
tr	NNS	Dragons don 't get married whimsically .
tr	NNS	Others had borne so much more without complaint .
tr	NN	What had the old bastard been doing here ?
tr	NNS	" Nice shots , " Elias said , still from behind him .
tr	NNS	There 's thousands of girls got stories like yours .
tr	NN	Through a combination of mood stabilization and memory therapy , The Program claims a 100 percent success rate among its patients .
tr	NNS	The other two carts were not in any better shape .
tr	NNS	The pills rattle as she pours a couple into the palm of her hand .
tr	NN	Her aura was blue once again , but fading , the other colors having vanished .
tr	NNS	Sadness filled her eyes as she looked at him .
tr	NN	The crowd 's roar is thunderous now .
tr	NN	On the wall-mounted monitor , a grainy video appeared , stuttering , full of digital noise .
tr	NNS	At last , only little pools remained in the deepest valleys of the seafloor , teeming with fish .
tr	NNS	The mission designers had preferred to infiltrate the Houston Systems through less guarded terminals in other quadrants .
tr	NNS	The burgers were pretty incredible , not that she was hard to please .
tr	NN	Part of it was sliding open .
tr	NNS	The usual items needed to make pastry and desserts were also waiting .
tr	NNS	Hands gently gathered me closer to that bare chest .
tr	NNS	Iced roads and sidewalks made every journey perilous , the language and alphabet were a complete mystery and prices for most products exceeded those of New York .
tr	NN	The trick is to keep attention focused on what is said and not on what can be done .
tr	NNS	Several pack members from both packs were there , standing back , watching silently .
tr	NNS	Yet the tropical rain forests had spawned most new life forms , including man .
tr	NNS	Even her eyes are washed out in the bright fluorescent lights , their depths empty and fathomless .
tr	NN	Apart from the screaming the instrumental balance had superb depth and colour .
tr	NNS	Others had stuck up photographs of family or pictures cut from newspaper or a dog-eared magazine .
tr	NN	My supervisor is even more twitchy than usual .
tr	NNS	The calculations take some time , but she has them figured out before we ever need them .
tr	NNS	She checked the images of her device , there were images of nature , and images of thousands of symbols .
tr	NNS	Things were going from bad to worse .
tr	NNS	As she made her way across the tiled bathroom floor , colored images leapt in front of her eyes without any warning .
tr	NN	And the oracle at the Tau River , she spoke of ' The Prophecy ' , I remember !
tr	NNS	Waves of heat hit her in the face as she eased the big roasting pan from the oven and set it on the range top .
tr	NNS	Reyes couldn 't bring himself to hurt another warrior .
tr	NNS	They were darker than usual , the pupils dilated .
tr	NNS	The summers were simply unforgettable .
tr	NN	Every penny she 'd made through those adoptions had gone right back into the operation .
tr	NN	The family wil have answers .
tr	NN	The senator didn 't believe that the American people would ever elect someone who openly admitted that he didn 't believe in God .
tr	NNS	Different creatures have different depths they care about .
tr	NN	The rough texture of his shirt hit my cheek , and it clicked .
tr	NNS	Flames shoot into the sky as vigilantes run across the bridge .
tr	NN	His determination was what she feared , along with his rumoured ruthless tactics .
tr	NNS	The educational institutions on Helicon are by no means so independent of governmental pressures . "
tr	NNS	" His short-term memory abilities are working well .
tr	NN	A little stab of guilt shot through me as I remembered how badly I 'd wanted to kiss Carson .
tr	NNS	Since then the varieties had become more and more distilled .
tr	NNS	The gears grinded as I switched from one to another .
tr	NNS	The creatures had long teeth and hands with long black nails .
tr	NN	And his goal in life is to do his job well . "
tr	NN	My team leader was the kinda guy who punched first and asked questions later .
tr	NN	The diary had brought her back to Jude .
tr	NN	Terror spurted through her as she took a step closer to him , pressing against his hard body .
tr	NNS	" But the tentacles are part of you .
tr	NNS	The winds or animals will carry them until they find a place to take root .
tr	NNS	Until Ren used his fireballs to light the torches , which were spaced out every few feet on the earthen walls decorated with thousands of prehistoric glyphs .
tr	NNS	Something is written on it , letters I can 't assemble into words , but next to it are two Polaroids .
tr	NN	My grandmother asked as she puckered her lips .
tr	NN	Great , Saylor , way ' ta add a stutter to really show him how much he affects you .
tr	NNS	Black spots winked through his vision .
tr	NNS	Spanish moss hung down like gray hair everywhere she looked .
tr	NN	Even Alex Lansing 's innate personality came out in photos .
tr	NNS	Halogen bulbs spotlighted Tanner 's broad back as he slammed Crusty against the hangar wall .
tr	NN	Her hesitation was minimal .
tr	NNS	The upper floors seemed to be deserted , adding to the eeriness .
tr	NNS	The screens die with a whirr and the lights fade from the controls .
tr	NN	His h * ps sank deep between her legs , and a fierce shot of pleasure arched her back .
tr	NN	Even the wisp of his soul , spiraling away in the darkness .
tr	NN	The sudden clarity of speech surprised him .
tr	NNS	" How are the berries this season ? "
tr	NNS	The Guard members stepped back , faces confused and frightened .
tr	NN	Each stroke had her gasping .
tr	NN	At some point , this showdown would have erupted .
tr	NN	Your grandmother is Arapaho , your grandfather a white man .
tr	NNS	On the walls the creatures poured down .
tr	NNS	Now , the twelve astrological signs are just like the angels , except that they wield very powerful spirits -- spirits as powerful as the archangels ' .
tr	NNS	Charlie 's nostrils flared a flurry of emotion raging through him .
tr	NNS	The drums rumbled again .
tr	NNS	The remaining warriors began to turn about and make their way hurriedly from the river .
tr	NNS	The gems on Dante 's wrist shifted to yellow .
tr	NN	Would Indian medicine help him become the fastest runner in the school ?
tr	NN	" The mortal speaks the truth .
tr	NNS	Well my defenses went up and I insisted I didn 't owe him anything and I started to swim away .
tr	NNS	Medical stores showed a gradual depletion of serotonin and adrenalin fractions .
tr	NNS	Staring daggers at Kol Hagar remains silent for a moment while Bjorn stares at him expectantly .
tr	NNS	Two stray cats in a corner , behind the door , vied for a slice of salami , between puffs and verses .
tr	NN	The valve stems didn 't need replacing .
tr	NN	The evidently fake drunk glanced at Vincent and jerked his head over to me .
tr	NNS	Things don 't change here .
tr	NN	You mate with me and then I can just leave and you 'll be free to , pardon the pun , cat around all you want . "
tr	NN	The mob thundered closer , and Julia was desperate for a cab , a quick escape .
tr	NN	" Friar Benedict , " her father loudly proclaimed as he stood at the doors .
tr	NN	My first goal is to head off any disasters before they happen .
tr	NNS	Basically , poisons like these eat up all of the magic you use to try to get rid of them .
tr	NN	The little bitch had really done a number on him .
tr	NNS	The black spots in his vision had gone , his hand was unharmed , and the little zing of awareness went away .
tr	NN	' Nothing serious with the van , I hope , ' Love said .
tr	NN	Suddenly , there was a deafening roar in the phone .
tr	NN	Both the commander and the sergeant major looked shocked .
tr	NNS	There were ten trash bins in the room , and every bin was filled to the brim with empty , red cans of Voodoo .
tr	NNS	Our supplies dwindle with each day and we need a break from the road . "
tr	NNS	His own accusations receded sharply into the background when she spun around at the door to her tent to face him .
tr	NNS	" Quite a few demands , " he frowned , " but I think we can arrange that .
tr	NNS	His kisses go from tender to all consuming and I am lost in his embrace .
tr	NN	This gentleman had revealed nothing but generous kindness .
tr	NNS	" His actions are his own - and so are mine . "
tr	NNS	The fairies gently placed the man down on the floor on his back and the orange lights around them gently faded .
tr	NN	This morning , the fired commander of the Turkish armed forces staged a coup , and deposed the government .
tr	NN	A roar sounded as the crowd leapt to their feet and booed wildly .
tr	NNS	" As a matter of fact , those properties are the reason I 'm here . "
tr	NN	" I 'm inclined to believe you , an escort like that doesn 't come cheap . "
tr	NN	And even if it were nothing more than some inexplicable synchronicity , the confident aura with which Dimitri spoke sent a chill down my spine .
tr	NN	The air conditioning is on full blast in the bowling alley .
tr	NN	The sheriff was waiting for him leaning against the wagon .
tr	NN	A little guilt is okay .
tr	NNS	However , no tempting Adonis stood next to the lone woman in the room .
tr	NNS	Girls were a commodity in a lot of ways , and guys thought they could treat us however they wanted .
tr	NNS	Auto horns were blaring .
tr	NN	A chick with grit is the sexiest thing possible . "
tr	NN	There 's no other explanation .
tr	NNS	Hands grabbed me by the wrists and bound them to the floor as more hands did the same with my feet .
tr	NN	The goon fell over backwards , landing on his butt .
tr	NNS	Werewolves could sniff anything out from race , moods , even thoughts if they tried hard enough .
tr	NNS	If one of these partygoers , many of whom were drunk , decided to cop a feel Reyes was pretty sure he 'd come unglued .
tr	NNS	All around them , couples sat at small tables , leaning toward each other , smiling , laughing , talking .
tr	NN	The warm liquid flowed into her mouth and down her throat , and she emptied the bowl in several large gulps .
tr	NNS	More settlers are coming to New World . "
tr	NN	Colton 's optimism at somehow getting the upper hand through brute force wavered and died .
tr	NN	Arun the helper readied his dagger to receive him .
tr	NNS	" New passengers , we 're the ones that brought the gunshots . "
tr	NNS	His meetings with individual members of the town council had made him increasingly uncomfortable .
tr	NN	The dread in Clay grew roots , clawing through his organs , tearing up his insides like twisting , deadly weeds .
tr	NNS	There are strings of Christmas lights coiling around the ceiling beams and they sparkle across our faces , giving our skin a pink glow .
tr	NNS	Fresh platters of food continued to appear .
tr	NN	Morning passed , afternoon came ; but in all the silent waste there was no sign of any dwelling .
tr	NNS	Valerius asked , joining them .
tr	NNS	His thumbs moved across my cheekbones in a slow , intimate caress .
tr	NNS	Diggs was still at work , for which I was grateful .
tr	NNS	Both shots hit their mark , with one splintering the center of the aft mast and the other tearing through sails and rigging further forward .
tr	NNS	But in order to properly adjust the sights , the shots on target needed to be grouped together in one area .
tr	NNS	All such modern industrial processes are highly electrified .
tr	NNS	Three computer screens glowed .
tr	NN	" Well , men , " the captain began .
tr	NN	" And besides she wouldn ´ t let any of them separate us . "
tr	NN	' What 's surgery ? '
tr	NN	The four of them scurry quietly towards their destination some fifty metres from their parked charcoal van .
tr	NN	" My mother-in-law 's a little - " She twirled one finger around her ear in the universal hand signal for nuts .
tr	NN	Weak Link The scientific method does , however , have a weak link , and a grave one at that : the scientist .
tr	NN	Dangerous demon murderer here , remember ? "
tr	NN	Part of her felt bad that Brian had to take the brunt of this situation , but it was only fair .
tr	NN	A canvas of Sinatra 's umbrella skies stretched so far and wide a man couldn 't find the beginning or end .
tr	NN	I just need you to sign here and you 'll be free to go , " the sheriff said , catching Robbie 's attention .
tr	NN	The drawbridge was almost flat .
tr	NN	Our hunt for him there could turn out to be some wild goose chase . "
tr	NN	A trickle of blood dripped from his nose .
tr	NN	Black shadows seep from the hole left behind .
tr	NN	The perfect gentleman , I thought .
tr	NN	The ceiling fan was inadequate , and as the afternoon wore on , Julie was on the verge of breaking into a serious sweat .
tr	NNS	The other ladies giggled , pretending to be frightened , pretending to be shocked .
tr	NNS	She fidgeted with the strap to her vet bag , strands of blond hair sneaking free from her pony tail after the long day .
tr	NNS	The eggs finished and I scooped them onto the plates , leaving some in the pan .
tr	NNS	There were signs everywhere .
tr	NNS	French prostitutes sat around a Parisian brothel , killing time .
tr	NN	The tin reached him .
tr	NN	Suddenly , a large mass was in front of him .
tr	NN	The same agony sliced into her as they returned her to her back .
tr	NNS	The worries of the day no longer plagued me as much .
tr	NNS	The attendants went to Daniel 's body , but Bianca refused to leave her beloved husband .
tr	NN	A trim , at least , wouldn 't cost all that much , and she desperately needed one .
tr	NN	The actual merger 's going to start before we enter the image .
tr	NNS	Within seconds , the images overwhelmed her and she rolled across a kelp leaf unconscious .
tr	NN	Love was standing by the side of the table holding a tray of tea and biscuits and those cakes the British were so crazy about .
tr	NN	Lee 's personality disappeared , as if adjourning to an inner room .
tr	NNS	The clan members immediately went over to the tanks once Richard finished talking .
tr	NN	" The Assembly rejected the last version . "
tr	NNS	Both networks quickly discovered the power behind having instant viewer response taken from " online news chat rooms . "
tr	NN	The intern wasn 't angry .
tr	NN	The medication will not help with that pain .
tr	NNS	Our differences are striking and real and this isn 't a fairy tale .
tr	NNS	The images came back just as they had before .
tr	NNS	The other goblins followed .
tr	NN	There is loyalty , to pack , cubs , hive , what have you .
tr	NNS	Sadness passed through Tami 's eyes , and Jolene hated how it made her feel .
tr	NNS	Maybe the authorities would be waiting to take him away when he got there .
tr	NNS	Cadaver sneers , then spits on the floor , putting his new mouth to good use .
tr	NNS	Lights and siren cleared the road in front of him .
tr	NNS	Downstairs the ceilings were low and showed the rough-hewn beams that the cottage was built from .
tr	NN	But a cipher machine ?
tr	NNS	There were three passengers .
tr	NNS	The road signs were clear and helpful .
tr	NN	The perky blonde takes the stand and begins .
tr	NN	Only the linen of her shirt and her chemise separated his touch from her skin .
tr	NN	There were no nurses bustling about , no patrons staring blanking out from wheelchairs , no staff ... no one .
tr	NN	" Where is the castle ? "
tr	NN	Unless you soaked it for a good long time , the salt beef was like to break your teeth .
tr	NNS	Apparently not liking dresses was a virtue .
tr	NN	The internal conflict was so chaotic I half expected my hair to spontaneously ignite .
tr	NN	His valet did not agree .
tr	NN	The bearded hunter carefully shuffled forward , not daring to let either of his feet leave the ground in fear of stepping into a pitfall .
tr	NN	The reflection on the glass didn 't work in Martins favor .
tr	NNS	Myles followed him to the door , stopped him at the last minute .
tr	NN	A blush rose to her cheeks .
tr	NNS	Hassler looked over , his cheekbones and orbital rims pronounced from starvation .
tr	NN	Her pulse exploded and she tried to sit up , but Rio put a hand on her shoulder .
tr	NNS	Spencer 's cousins and Melissa gathered over the will .
tr	NN	Graham 's agony increased .
tr	NN	" There 's a strike going on and the streets are a mess .
tr	NNS	Valerius straightened his coat with a regal , arrogant jerk .
tr	NNS	Images of Anakin Skywalker flashed through Darth Maul 's mind .
tr	NNS	The burns on my arm were throbbing and my limbs were trembling .
tr	NNS	Our political leaders did anything and everything to supplement their incomes , all at the taxpayers ' expense .
tr	NN	An inferno raged all around them .
tr	NNS	Smoke and flames were billowing from the storefronts on the other side of the street .
tr	NNS	Our kisses intensified and deepened .
tr	NN	Her usual nonchalance had left her completely and she wanted answers .
tr	NNS	Cars are never a good sign .
tr	NN	The shorter rogue asked .
tr	NN	And beneath it ... ah , beneath it lay the sheltering tombs .
tr	NNS	But when the Climate Disaster of 2088 struck both governments failed in the chaos that followed .
tr	NNS	" Listen , there are other supernaturals around in Ellensburg , but I can 't tell you about that now .
tr	NNS	All those images jumbled together with no reference point , no anchor .
tr	NNS	" Lights in the night , " he said quietly .
tr	NN	" You don 't agree , " said Arun " I will do as you say , " said Arun the helper .
tr	NNS	The creased spines of books faced out from the shelf , neat and alphabetized , and the bedspread was smooth and unruffled .
tr	NNS	" The solutions to your traveling salesman problem , " said computer after a moment .
tr	NN	That distinction belonged to Samson .
tr	NN	The bullet intended for me had found the head of the man behind me .
tr	NN	In any case , ordinary folk who consume the potion often fall into raving madness , and even gifted seers may not return to sanity .
tr	NNS	Girls set against one another .
tr	NN	His resolve to cause havoc returned .
tr	NNS	" If you 'd like to make your way to the first floor , the main socialising quarters reside there . "
tr	NN	There 's a low growl in his throat , but he takes off his shirt and jeans .
tr	NNS	The nurses were very quiet listening to all of this .
tr	NNS	My wrists are sore from when the handler had me strapped down , but I 'm so scared for Realm .
tr	NNS	Words wouldn 't have expressed the bond between them anyhow .
tr	NN	Thinking of those benefits didn 't lessen the blow of Abbot 's obvious disgust with me , but it helped .
tr	NN	The medical examiner is sure the bones belong to a young male , likely between about sixteen and twenty years of age .
tr	NNS	A few saints in Jerusalem had been able to sneak messages to the two men during that final week .
tr	NNS	Two long streams of fuel exhaust abruptly shot upwards ; one on either side of the stern of the ship .
tr	NN	" My dear little lord , how touching your trust in your father is .
tr	NN	There really was a fire breathing dragon on this planet .
tr	NNS	Others say it was a profound and sorrowful awareness -- the dawning realization of a lost opportunity .
tr	NN	A pinch of humor rises in me .
tr	NN	Her inability to withhold her thoughts , merely enhanced her usual forward and aggressive personality .
tr	NNS	The background checks came back clean .
tr	NNS	All the ladies sighed in disappointment .
tr	NN	But the way Kellan did it was so downright sexy , I felt a little dirty watching him .
tr	NN	There 's some steam coming out of that big gray pot .
tr	NN	Her pulse was now erratic , her breathing almost nonexistent , but he ignored that , making her swallow .
tr	NNS	All but her thumbs were in his pockets .
tr	NNS	Chills ran down her spine as she thought she saw someone sitting in the Jacuzzi where she and Preston had made love last night .
tr	NNS	Chapter II : Of Mankind Man The goblins that had once dominated the whole earth were now leaderless .
tr	NN	Here all weariness can find rest . '
tr	NNS	or " Do ducks like it more to fly or swim ? "
tr	NNS	The locks were due to be changed .
tr	NN	The receptionist nodded and turned back to her computer screen .
tr	NN	Love slowed down at the traffic lights .
tr	NN	Yes , her uncle had often made improper advances toward her .
tr	NNS	Smells of sawdust mixed with blood permeated my senses .
tr	NNS	The gnomes whirled , hissing and confused , looking from me to the intruder and back again .
tr	NN	The headlight sliced through blackness , the Texas night vast .
tr	NN	The priest held out a stick wrapped in a cloth .
tr	NNS	Once we were outside the gates with the crowd of released prisoners , the gates started to fall again .
tr	NN	The spider arched up on two of its rear legs , its forelegs curling as it darted towards me .
tr	NNS	And such actions in their turn naturally produce their own rewards -- that is the law of life .
tr	NN	A fact Sabin had mentioned to her on several occasions .
tr	NN	Morning turned into afternoon , as he walked and walked .
tr	NN	There was a spark between us , and it is still there . "
tr	NN	The chorus comes up next and Cade and Jeremy sing it together while body rolling their bodies , trying to look sexy .
tr	NNS	Things keep happening to me .
tr	NNS	Tiny drops of water sparkled on the plump red and orange tomatoes .
tr	NN	It was then that thunder rumbled and , seconds later , lightning split the sky .
tr	NN	Her accent was more pronounced , something that happened when she was nervous .
tr	NNS	Five levels of private boxes look down on the audience , the orchestra , and the expansive stage .
tr	NNS	The colors in the upholstery and wallpaper were deep and rich .
tr	NNS	Gorgeous and wild and almost untamed .
tr	NNS	His breathing changes , becoming faster and more ragged , encouraged , I bend my head and take him into my mouth .
tr	NNS	There were angry scenes and this kind of distraction was just what Adams wanted to avoid .
tr	NNS	The warriors hauled the chest onto the back of the dilapidated cart which had been used to cover the hole where the treasure was buried .
tr	NN	Love looked out of his side window and straight into the younger man 's face .
tr	NNS	My nostrils instantly wished he hadn 't .
tr	NNS	The two actors became so immersed in their parts that they would respond to the character 's names instead of their own .
tr	NNS	Only the commands of his master kept him from being rid of the nasty pest .
tr	NN	And the guilt had eaten away at her ever since .
tr	NNS	Impossible colors and borealis blankets of visual sensation wove through the other nerve assaults .
tr	NNS	The wolves are prey to the first tidal waves that wash over the beach .
tr	NNS	All her surroundings aligned perfectly , like a navigational compass , telling her the cardinal directions .
tr	NN	" I came as soon as I heard from the doctor about Sarah , " the captain conveyed .
tr	NN	When I was within one hundred feet of my target , the icon disappeared .
tr	NNS	" Folks might be able to see us .
tr	NNS	The pocket boards turn up random combinations by which any complexity of decisions can be made .
tr	NN	The murderer managed to knock Tate to the ground then choked him using the same line he hung him up with .
tr	NNS	Others were pointing Geiger counters or video cameras .
tr	NN	Nearby a formally dressed pianist plucked out the mournful tune .
tr	NNS	The seals weren 't too far away from us .
tr	NN	The hermit was living in a little house in the mountains not far from village of Saint Peter .
tr	NN	There 's a growing stack of bodies by the door .
tr	NN	The reunion between father and son , Hank 's forgiveness which would not only relieve his own guilt , but Jeremy 's too .
tr	NN	A bump grew on his forehead , only to quickly disappear .
tr	NNS	And twenty witnesses say otherwise . "
tr	NN	Like a giant raspberry stain .
tr	NN	The captain looked a little scary but he assured me everything was going to be alright .
tr	NNS	Things were running late because there was a disabled car in Hoboken .
tr	NNS	The fairies hadn 't .
tr	NNS	The banks have decided to call in the loans . "
tr	NN	A warrior , king or not , never but never covers the bride they claimed before the rite is performed .
tr	NN	The shorter thug said , " This isn 't a good plan .
tr	NNS	Now that she thought about it , the front gates had done the same thing .
tr	NN	The teacher monitoring our Chemistry final was particularly sad .
tr	NN	Already well past seven , the dusk approached rapidly , and he most likely wanted to get to the lighted streets of the city before sundown .
tr	NNS	The newspapers had played the story up , condemning the violence on the streets of New York .
tr	NN	All manner of tedious tasks somehow performed themselves whenever the smith was not around .
tr	NN	" Hey girly , long time no talk .
tr	NN	" A minor adjustment , you see .
tr	NN	There was only one cardinal in Paris , and that would be Cardinal Mazarin , King Louis 's primary advisor .
tr	NNS	" Things have changed . "
tr	NN	The tablet hummed to life , its screen flashing as a variety of icons and charts appeared .
tr	NNS	Her motives were pretty transparent .
tr	NN	The gag did not hold the mist , which moved with the freedom only clouds possessed , unbound by shape or density .
tr	NNS	Two possibilities occurred to her , and they seemed to take clearer shape with every day .
tr	NNS	The murders and fire at the tavern were only the beginning .
tr	NN	" This staircase has to end somewhere . "
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared twice and his ears shifted .
tr	NN	The slide of skin on skin made her lose her mind .
tr	NNS	The nine zombies stop under the overpass and stand there , looking at us blankly .
tr	NN	The strike , like all things Bill Hill , was ineffectual .
tr	NN	As if the parental chaos wasn 't enough to get them talking about her .
tr	NNS	For the second poor soul , witnesses had seen the phantom use Earl as the murder weapon .
tr	NN	Altman 's global headquarters is in Washington , which isn 't particularly unusual .
tr	NN	The spark in his brother 's eye suggested Malcolm came to the same conclusion .
tr	NNS	The wonders of nature appealed to her more than all the expensive excursions .
tr	NNS	A half dozen meetings with the man and nothing had changed .
tr	NN	So the whole thirty-one were here .
tr	NNS	Among the extra canvas for patching the sails sat Elaina , back to the board and arms around her knees .
tr	NN	I smiled sheepishly as his smug grin sent chills up and down my spine .
tr	NN	Their colorful clothing flashed and sparkled under the low lamplight , making them shine with perfection .
tr	NN	The skinny Sioux beside the chief spat on Nora and she cringed back with disgust .
tr	NNS	The green hills to the north of the city were gently rolling and were dotted with artistically placed groves of trees .
tr	NNS	Things had just started to get better , well before we got shot at and tortured .
tr	NNS	At the unexpected touch , his nostrils flared , his pupils dilated and his heart rate kicked up beneath her palm .
tr	NN	Her agitation increased her heartbeat .
tr	NN	The trumpets proceeded ahead of the prisoner as he was slowly led to the city center .
tr	NN	A slim silver crown sat above the clips , a lone sapphire cut like a teardrop fastened just below the delicate tip .
tr	NNS	All the pirates were cheering on their leader so I muted my suit 's radio .
tr	NN	" The grilled chicken salad here is really good . "
tr	NN	The look Jessica shot him was full of exasperation .
tr	NNS	But , think , according to everything you knew before today , there are no hidden Worlds , no Largo Drums and no such place as Song .
tr	NNS	The red digits on the clock radio flicked to three am .
tr	NNS	" Things happen he says . "
tr	NNS	" Classes start at UTA next week .
tr	NN	A dark mass seemed attached to the very stone of the wall .
tr	NN	But their superhuman agility conquered the obstacle with little difficulty .
tr	NNS	Soon his leads sported more artistically grouped stripes .
tr	NN	" The villa seems a long way away right now and I honestly don 't mind the kids . "
tr	NNS	The ghosts that I 've helped recently have been ... murdered ... and I 've helped them to catch their murderers . "
tr	NNS	His actions seemed to make Tutu and Mari giddy with excitement .
tr	NNS	Irene 's flings could have filled the pages of ' Hola ' .
tr	NNS	Now , temperatures were already pushing into the eighties .
tr	NN	The other angel , the one who had been screaming about the apocalypse , had already retreated to hide behind the gate .
tr	NN	The admiral had nothing whatsoever to do with her office safe .
tr	NN	But - A twig snapped behind him .
tr	NNS	Colin 's prayers went unanswered .
tr	NNS	Luc 's nostrils flared .
tr	NNS	The idiots would carve them to bits to make trinkets and baubles . "
tr	NNS	But our minds may get nearer . "
tr	NNS	" There are no planes to take you home . "
tr	NNS	The professors at the college required all senior undergrad students to attend -- no exceptions .
tr	NN	Suddenly the dragon dipped her head and scooped Jenna up in the playful way she had done with so many Princesses over the centuries .
tr	NN	The technological boom of the 21st century , in many ways , is similar to the explosion of invention Victorians experienced during the Industrial Revolution .
tr	NNS	There were two items on the cushion next to him : a lottery ticket and a small green glass bottle .
tr	NNS	She dismounted , looped the reins around the fence .
tr	NN	The clatter was loud enough to make Lydia draw in a quick breath in the broken silence that followed .
tr	NNS	Were his actions those of a desperate man ?
tr	NNS	Hands skimmed down her body , grasping and pulling as he tried to secure his hold on her .
tr	NNS	The chains snap apart like interlinked paper clips , the dark lord 's initial offensive hardly slowing his opponent down .
tr	NNS	Soft ripples lapped against the hull of the boat .
tr	NN	" The captain is preparing for landing now , sir , and cannot leave the cabin .
tr	NNS	Plus hills are always good settings for pondering .
tr	NN	Cale 's inability to either read or control you is what makes you a possible life mate for him . "
tr	NN	" Part of the deal is no talking no matter what .
tr	NNS	Their deaths weren 't bloody , but they were just as painful and horrifying .
tr	NNS	The intricate raised figures of warriors and monsters carved into the heavy wooden door pressed against my back , but I ignored the odd lumps and bumps .
tr	NNS	Bile rises in my throat as his teeth grind against my swollen lip .
tr	NNS	" With Mina and Filipe missing and now with Kaho hit by a harpoon , his sporting chances ruined ? "
tr	NNS	There is a far , far more deadly group lurking somewhere ... And they occupy our real concern now . "
tr	NNS	Flowers , cats and chocolate fruitcakes are my passion .
tr	NN	The dragon finally released her , and Dagmar immediately pulled her robe over her body as he climbed off the bed and headed toward the door .
tr	NNS	When he talked to me , his pupils were dilated , big and dark with interest for me .
tr	NNS	Reyes stabbed him again .
tr	NN	The outline of his throbbing member was clearly visible through his boxer briefs and was straining to be free .
tr	NN	" Vaughn , we haven 't seen you in years , " my grandmother says .
tr	NNS	Again , north of the river the hills resumed , stepping back up again into the high-rise jungle of downtown .
tr	NNS	The usual narcotics tests are negative and the other standard identifiers are inconclusive .
tr	NNS	Others chant the same .
tr	NNS	The motorcycles belonging to Derrick and his friends were directly behind Keith 's car , preventing him from backing out .
tr	NNS	His thumbs stroked the crystal tumbler cradled in his hands as he looked at her .
tr	NN	At the top of the hill was a modern day castle .
tr	NNS	Werewolves were fantasy creatures to humans and not good ones .
tr	NNS	His loud footsteps and shouting , as well as the flame , should have alerted someone , but it didn 't .
tr	NN	Why had the email directed her here , and who had sent it ?
tr	NNS	In they heard a voice their minds .
tr	NNS	Hands closed over his , trying to wrench the gun from his grasp .
tr	NNS	His green flesh ripples and the color fades .
tr	NN	A circular ramp went up to a second floor and then back down in a wide arch .
tr	NNS	The most dangerous lies are the ones you tell yourself , and they are the ones that hurt the most . "
tr	NNS	The sails billowed , as though in a high wind and a black flag with a skull and crossbones fluttered merrily above a crow 's nest .
tr	NNS	Myles had probably chosen the better man , but it didn 't feel particularly good .
tr	NNS	A few other pairs of footsteps joined it .
tr	NNS	Her usually glossy brown locks were tangled and dull .
tr	NNS	" Infinite possibilities are within his grasp ! "
tr	NNS	Later , in several centuries ago , werewolves started to appear and claim many humans ' lives . "
tr	NN	Still , the agony raged in his head .
tr	NN	" I real y don 't want to hurt you .
tr	NN	The value it holds is only worth what people perceive it to be .
tr	NNS	Culinary experiences in the desert are not like sitting down at a five star restaurant .
tr	NNS	The little pirates pulled and tugged at the ropes .
tr	NNS	Other cousins were already there waiting .
tr	NN	Burn 's television contract is up for renewal next month , so presumably this new level of network control could start as soon as July .
tr	NN	The human race has done its thriving .
tr	NN	The bastard lusted after her , which sent off a warning bell in Reyes 's head .
tr	NN	The cub gets down into a crouch position , and the doctor knows what this means .
tr	NNS	More floor tiles leapt into the air .
tr	NN	The smaller cub paced up and down the bank , yowling in distress .
tr	NN	Some London lord hurt you like he 's hurting her ? "
tr	NN	" Does an angel take them to heaven ? "
tr	NNS	Suddenly all the console screens glowed red , and there was a beeping sound .
tr	NN	exclaimed the spider , " I was being attacked left and right by these things !
tr	NN	The click of her boots is loud in the small space as she sets her soda on the dresser .
tr	NN	the Dwarf concluded hopefully .
tr	NN	Ronan couldn " t explain why except that something compelled him .
tr	NNS	Their shocked expressions mirrored his own .
tr	NN	But the realisation of this troubled him more than it would have troubled another .
tr	NNS	Things might have ended differently .
tr	NN	A notebook that was stuffed into the pocket of a missing duffel bag .
tr	NN	As he considered it more and more , his resolve strengthened , and he decided that he needed to visit the place .
tr	NN	The tank was half full of gas and he switched on the ignition and the engine turned over without starting .
tr	NN	The hoot of an owl sounded from the near forest .
tr	NN	The ad must have been a beauty .
tr	NN	The morning light streaming in through the windows making it easy to see that their throats had been slit but no other damage had been done .
tr	NN	The knight spun around .
tr	NN	There was a tin of biscuits and a bottle of champagne and two tin mugs .
tr	NNS	Temperature differences in the atmosphere make them twinkle , and city lights , even distant city lights , wash them out " " Sounds disgusting . "
tr	NN	The audience doesn 't matter .
tr	NNS	The servants silently clapped , not too loudly for fear they would be heard , then they quickly left so that they would not be missed .
tr	NNS	Myles clasped his hands in front of him and leaned forward .
tr	NNS	Perhaps the handlers would call before trying to hunt her down .
tr	NNS	On the bedside table are three purple hair clips , given to me by Aunt Elizabeth . "
tr	NN	A zombie Keeper reported , " Our main reactor has just blown ! "
tr	NN	A firm determination emanated from him which heightened when the figure stepped from the darkness his mere existence seemed to create .
tr	NNS	My survival instincts kicked in and I kicked wildly and bit my attacker 's hand .
tr	NN	The green pencil used to outline James 's next project matched the color of Joni 's eyes .
tr	NNS	There were no other wolves from that pack here .
tr	NN	" No matter , any mammalian predator learns to hunt by playing with others .
tr	NN	" The fleeing of the gods from their own handiwork ? "
tr	NNS	Others had better self-preservation instincts .
tr	NNS	Those images would tear my heart out .
tr	NNS	Souls of all their kind sung in a harmony that only Heaven could provide .
tr	NNS	The dog demon barks and howls , leaping around , jaws snapping open and shut .
tr	NNS	Her movements slowed prolonging the pleasure inside him .
tr	NNS	Maks rolled the bloodied body of Nicholas II back on top of the boy .
tr	NN	And an outright miracle happened .
tr	NN	The Child who has come of age chooses an Order appropriate to his sex or chooses to be a typical Object .
tr	NNS	Not all cases could fill up a two-hour program , of course .
tr	NN	The twisted barbaric language filtered through his cushioned ears , and echoed through his skull .
tr	NNS	Several other pirates pull their swords and begin to move toward Marie and Diana .
tr	NN	The Cat of Misty Moor was true to his word .
tr	NN	Noah 's golf cart came to an abrupt halt .
tr	NN	And , strangely , a sculpture made of blue glass on his dresser .
tr	NN	His pitch rises with surprise , but I fix my gaze on a tree behind him , staring at it like it holds all the answers .
tr	NN	A great roar reverberated all around .
tr	NNS	Flames shot out the trailer door .
tr	NNS	" Things coming alive . "
tr	NNS	As he 's about to give Greta instructions , the door flings open .
tr	NN	Our employer was Lord K ... " Then , the man was motionless , struck dead with a look of pure fright on his face .
tr	NN	" Hush , hush now , " reassured her rescuer .
tr	NNS	Images of how it must have been for the millions who had already died haunted Rayford .
tr	NNS	More drops pelted the leaves and petals , ran to the ground where individual spots coalesced until the color of the sand was again uniform .
tr	NNS	Images and memories surged in my mind like a hurricane .
tr	NNS	Others huddled in small groups to whisper and peer over their shoulders .
tr	NNS	Small fights were breaking out in different places .
tr	NN	The senator glanced for a moment toward Cato Yale , but he stopped himself .
tr	NNS	His clean afternoon overalls and white cotton stockings showed above what he called his shined brown town shoes .
tr	NNS	Alexis , when this is all over , come and see me .
tr	NNS	Countless bits of note paper , photocopied sheets and printouts made a wild mess like too many chickens in a tight coop .
tr	NNS	Images of the bloody tennis racket shot through Emma 's mind .
tr	NNS	The stone Angel 's eyelids flew open .
tr	NN	A divorce would devastate his mother and embarrass the family even more , but that couldn 't be helped .
tr	NNS	Moses watches her as she hands the knife to him through the bars of his cell .
tr	NN	The mystery knight prevails against all challengers , and wonder dances in his wake . "
tr	NNS	In the night sky fireworks exploded , bathing the sky in color .
tr	NN	A chorus of agreement came over the net .
tr	NN	The mayor folded his arms .
tr	NNS	Those cookies have to sell , hurry it up . "
tr	NN	The rare storefront rose higher than one story .
tr	NN	Any minute Marcie would see it .
tr	NN	" The dwarf was an Energizer .
tr	NNS	May your ancestors be with you , my son , my daughter . "
tr	NNS	Sure , chances were slim , but they were there .
tr	NNS	Mailed letters were rare , usually coming from seniors who had not caught on to this technology thing .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flare in reaction .
tr	NN	The indefatigable secretary smiled tightly at Arden , bouncing the eraser end of a Ticonderoga pencil rapidly on the blotter on her desk .
tr	NN	The watching trio awaited his verdict .
tr	NNS	Kris and I have switched towns like mad .
tr	NN	A very unattractive snort flies out of my nose .
tr	NNS	The blades popped out and after pressing a button in the center , they extended outward five inches wider at three hundred and sixty degrees .
tr	NNS	No matter how many times she rewound them , however , the movies always ended the same and the same people still died in the same ways .
tr	NN	The junkie tugged again then yanked his arms so violently I thought the pipe would come out of the ceiling .
tr	NNS	The driving directions had been all wrong , and her GPS hadn 't directed her properly .
tr	NN	If she didn 't do something , this ... this ... madman would demolish her image .
tr	NNS	" The ladies can just weep over our graves . "
tr	NN	" Good morning , sir , " the captain greeted him .
tr	NN	The crimson eye slit open .
tr	NNS	' Sides , those worms 're old .
tr	NNS	The wolves were inside .
tr	NN	A sentence said to her by her teacher many years ago tumbled to the forefront of her mind .
tr	NNS	Stress induced headaches forced Mike 's vision to blur .
tr	NNS	' And the media didn 't continue to hound you ? '
tr	NNS	Kane races across the gap , bunching his haunches at the last moment .
tr	NN	Michael 's thrust had taken him just under the floating ribs , and had to have hit an artery to kill him so quickly .
tr	NN	As he looked , a strange scrolling design seared itself onto his skin .
tr	NN	Part of her thought that was a grand thing .
tr	NNS	Hot drops of blood splattered on Mackie 's face as the stick was raised for a second blow .
tr	NN	" Actually , that might make things easier , " the redhead murmured , but she still made a point of getting closer to the guards .
tr	NN	" The healer never gives good recommendation .
tr	NN	In the span three months Reagan Hart became a worldwide it girl , fame was immediate and indescribably intoxicating .
tr	NN	" How was drill ? "
tr	NN	Infinity concept empties itself without connective . "
tr	NNS	The colors behind her darkened to a deep , desolate purple .
tr	NNS	The ghosts are Mr Mason and ... ' ' Fred Norton .
tr	NN	There is a twinkle in his eye that betrays the enthusiasm with which he greets every precious moment of life .
tr	NNS	" It 's the reflections , " the twins said synchronously .
tr	NNS	" Fraudulent cases , I might add .
tr	NN	They were actually matching coffins , a repulsive ostentatious mocking show of decorum , like domestic furniture made for happy families .
tr	NNS	Hurry ladies we must make good our escape before it is too late . '
tr	NNS	The tentacles rose higher behind him .
tr	NNS	Deformed beggars can roam the streets with missing body parts .
tr	NNS	A tightness in my chest jolts me toward her .
tr	NNS	The spotlights above us shifted his eye color from blue to turquoise to twilight .
tr	NNS	The helmets fell off the top shelf when he pulled the suits down and rolled on the ground .
tr	NN	Chapter Five Samuel 's biceps flexed and his lower jaw trembled .
tr	NNS	If they were captured , they reasoned , their contacts amongst the most senior judges would save them once they revealed who they really were .
tr	NNS	The twins had necks almost as thick as Kenny 's waist and were part of the offensive line .
tr	NN	A werewolf named Trajan had taken Davis 's spot when Davis moved to Boise .
tr	NN	There was no hesitation .
tr	NN	" Only the madness of starvation or the foolish acts of men will ever make them your enemy .
tr	NNS	The two cats crashed together , raking and clawing .
tr	NNS	Such rumours as were told about that onyx castle of the Great Ones were not by any means reassuring .
tr	NN	As if in slow motion , the quarter circled and flew in the air .
tr	NN	With violent force , the prophecy raced through her , searing a path from the great unknown to leave her shaken and disoriented .
tr	NN	Yet , a spark inside her breast wanted him to look on her today with longing .
tr	NNS	Worlds Away A month had passed with Kira hardly seeing Marcus at all .
tr	NNS	The wolves didn 't stop growling , but they didn 't attack her .
tr	NN	An old shrine to an old god sat in the corner , painted in red and adorned with an offering of oranges .
tr	NNS	Loud crashes sounded on the other side of the steel door .
tr	NN	There was no objection .
tr	NN	The canine looked up at her as if he actually missed her .
tr	NN	Dressed in a suit and tie , a model of perfection , stood the man everyone knew she should be with .
tr	NN	They stood , gaping at her across the widening five foot gap .
tr	NN	And hel o , he had a crossbow aimed at my head .
tr	NN	His ploy had worked , the rider thought them still running .
tr	NNS	The sleeves had been rolled up , revealing sinewy forearms sprinkled with dark hair .
tr	NNS	Angelus stared at the beautiful woman with the golden skin and delicate braids .
tr	NN	Suddenly their reserve enraged him .
tr	NNS	Dogs were running off their leashes among the trees .
tr	NNS	All the vamps present glanced around .
tr	NN	There is madness and death out there , but here we are protecting humanity itself from sinking into brutality and baseness .
tr	NNS	All these patrols and he hadn 't seen a single one .
tr	NN	The commander shook his head .
tr	NN	" No kidding , " Susannah muttered .
tr	NN	His warm forearm brushed against her shoulder , leaving no doubt of his loyalty to her , even over his own father .
tr	NNS	Where are all these construction materials going ? "
tr	NNS	Four massive suits of heavy armor stand back to back guarding nothing Rift can perceive , even once he 's drawn closer .
tr	NNS	Then the images of the carnage I had caused on the battlefield sprang back into my mind .
tr	NNS	Somewhere on this floor , the mad duchess waited .
tr	NN	" A gentleman arrived with a delivery for you .
tr	NNS	Your ideas may be sound , but your research methods and your moral code are both highly questionable .
tr	NNS	The twins rise on their knees together as these men approach .
tr	NN	My self-esteem is at its lowest right now , and you made it worse last night with the cruel things you said .
tr	NNS	The coaches of any school you go to are going to use you as a recruitment tool .
tr	NNS	Immortals , Knights , and infantry alike , cried out in surprise .
tr	NN	No other description is available . "
tr	NN	" No , the priest has very few guards who are not poisoned , wounded or dead .
tr	NNS	Twenty pairs of eyes stared at me as if I had just said the most absurd thing .
tr	NN	" We were together for our midday meal , " the elf continued .
tr	NNS	Wings battered his body ; claws and teeth tore at flesh and clothes .
tr	NN	" And a tranquilizer gun .
tr	NNS	Then came the shouts from outside , and more torches , and next moment they were lifting the bride out of the chariot .
tr	NN	Immediately after she spoke , a great crash took place as a gargoyle on the ledge smashed the window to pieces with its fist .
tr	NN	" In the hall bathroom , in the medicine cabinet . "
tr	NN	There was a large red carpet , leading all the way up the patch and over the stairs .
tr	NN	Them gates won 't open , " said the driver gruffly .
tr	NN	Gaining the courage to put myself out there was nerve racking .
tr	NN	There was a crash from downstairs , and Shane stopped smiling .
tr	NN	The floury powder rose up in a cloud .
tr	NNS	Myles tried to catch him before he could hang up .
tr	NNS	Big drops fell everywhere - including on the burnt corpse .
tr	NN	From above , the grooves would look like a target , with the socket at the center of the bull 's - eye .
tr	NNS	The floors were white tile , the walls a nice cream color .
tr	NN	The hooker gave him a nod and started slinking her way over .
tr	NN	The chase became a labyrinthine affair as the men ran among the rows and rows of books and manuscripts .
tr	NN	But the only option she had was to drive it back to his house and then sit in the car while he drove her back .
tr	NNS	He leaned forward , his forearms resting on his thighs .
tr	NNS	Any images we take will show that . "
tr	NNS	Apparently , al ' Thor had said little of what had happened .
tr	NNS	Several broken items were on the floor .
tr	NNS	The edges were worn and it was obviously old .
tr	NN	A faint roar started in the back of Janelle 's mind and grew louder like an oncoming train .
tr	NN	Each captain , or Rus leader , is to take an area , and , with his men , provide security there .
tr	NNS	My predictions were iffy .
tr	NNS	There were the ghosts of separated lovers haunting this creepy old house .
tr	NNS	Two frozen figures occupied the bed , and Rex retreated from the room after one look at their pale , blank faces .
tr	NNS	The strings picked up the melody , sweet and heartbreaking .
tr	NN	" Our anniversary was last Thursday and I thought we agreed we weren 't going to exchange gifts every month . "
tr	NN	" Good afternoon , " the priest greeted his close friend Hans warmly .
tr	NNS	Perhaps mysteries always are .
tr	NNS	Names have meanings , Ren . "
tr	NNS	And the two goons who beat me up this morning were looking for the file .
tr	NN	The trick is to eat them both at once so you don 't become a cartoon . "
tr	NNS	His eyelids drooped in amusement , and his voice was a caress .
tr	NNS	Then the Render drones passed him , headed for the chamber entrance he had come by .
tr	NN	The tremor in her sister 's voice brought Cassandra back to her senses and calmed her down .
tr	NN	Sometimes function was more important than looks .
tr	NN	Por favor , do not embarrass yourself with denials .
tr	NN	The bullet hit a foot outside the bullseye .
tr	NNS	In a couple minutes two police cruisers , lights flashing , came up the frontage road headed north .
tr	NNS	Paper documents and other forms of physical media were no longer legal .
tr	NNS	Those cookies that they sent to you were a warning to me that I was next . "
tr	NNS	Things I look at , and things I don 't look at . "
tr	NN	However , Greg 's struggles continued and he wound up putting for a bogey .
tr	NN	Their leader wore a gold helm .
tr	NN	The layer of leaves on the floor of the boat gives away that , like the pickup truck , the boat hasn 't seen much action recently .
tr	NN	My once mint condition ivory dress was now spilling out of the hole in the side and ripped to shreds .
tr	NN	Love turned his attention to a woman as she picked up a magazine .
tr	NN	Why did being an angel have to be so complicated ?
tr	NN	" Always the gentleman , " Thompson said , not too fondly .
tr	NN	" Who 's the liar ? "
tr	NN	The bastard had caused some deep scars .
tr	NNS	The villagers greet us with a glad hue and cry , Dace leading them .
tr	NNS	Bob 's bloodshot eyes were crazy , his nostrils flaring .
tr	NNS	Samuels suddenly grabbed Annie by her hair and pulled her head back so she was forced to look up at him .
tr	NN	The sensual fragrance of the bubble bath filled his nose the instant he entered the room .
tr	NNS	His frenetic actions caused Cole to whip around in the other direction , as if someone were about to ambush us .
tr	NN	Os ' mar thanked the Orc as he entered .
tr	NN	A sob rose in me , as my thoughts drifted back to my love ... Lillian .
tr	NN	The pilot showed him around the cockpit after we landed .
tr	NN	the policeman continued , and when I nodded , he added , " And he spent the night at your house the day before ? "
tr	NN	The majority of them had done the deed , just to get it over with , saying they did not want to enter college a virgin .
tr	NN	" Anything 's sss possible , " the snake said smartly .
tr	NNS	" But what good will these actions do us ? "
tr	NN	His grandmother had belonged to the sisterhood as well .
tr	NNS	Lots don 't . "
tr	NNS	Dogs scurry down alleys sniffing gutters for rats .
tr	NNS	His thumbs touched her bare skin and she wondered how just a simple touch could feel so good .
tr	NNS	My apologies , again , Madame , for appearing out of uniform . "
tr	NN	" Poison ivy . "
tr	NN	Love 's not the answer .
tr	NNS	Elias held the phone to his ear .
tr	NN	The pulsing is like a strobe light .
tr	NNS	How am I going to find this hotel , there are many hotels in Abu Dhabi . "
tr	NN	The steam fogged up the mirror and I used my hand to get a clear look at myself .
tr	NN	Is your guardian here with you ? "
tr	NN	A small sliver of moon slipped out briefly from behind a heavy black cloud to shine on the thick stand of trees swaying all around them .
tr	NN	" Happy birthday , baby , " she says as she comes over and gives me a hug .
tr	NN	Only his clothing looked more pitiful than he .
tr	NN	That hatred surfaced verbally whenever vampires were mentioned between them in any type of discussion .
tr	NNS	So the legends said .
tr	NN	His wiry black fur disappears into the follicles of his flesh .
tr	NN	The picnic was ending .
tr	NNS	" The cameras are online . "
tr	NN	The priest drew her attention with his thin voice .
tr	NN	The bike wobbled as they approached the next turn , the trees in front of them looming closer and closer .
tr	NNS	Little wisps of steam trailed from the pouch , and a small patch of frost had begun to form on its surface .
tr	NN	The uncle went on to explain how they 'd tried to ' turn up ' the money all day .
tr	NNS	Meanwhile , his companions clamber up onto the stage , and suddenly I remember their conversation from earlier on .
tr	NNS	Other governments can be nastier . "
tr	NN	And was that guilt ?
tr	NN	Reality is likely to be more biologically based than physically based .
tr	NNS	Sure , a mattress and a bed would have been better , but she didn 't dwell on that .
tr	NN	The second pitch was a hard curve , and my father 's knees buckled before he read the pitch .
tr	NNS	And with networks come leaks .
tr	NNS	His attempts at locating the source of the drip had proved futile , and had left him with a stiff shoulder rather than a dry spine .
tr	NN	The first agent spoke over them .
tr	NNS	Since they 'd just finished with the house , interviews may not have started yet .
tr	NN	The examiner said that death would have been nearly instantaneous in both cases . "
tr	NNS	All the American banks complied .
tr	NNS	These creatures had bony fish heads with five long , pointed bone spikes running around the outsides of their heads .
tr	NN	The tarp came off and Bruce was silhouetted against the night sky .
tr	NNS	Others jagged and far too long .
tr	NN	The young priest placed it around his neck .
tr	NN	The feather has a single drop of red blood quivering at its tip , full of potential , full of life and of death .
tr	NN	Listen , Jack 's brother Robbie has his racing boat parked on a marina right down the beach .
tr	NN	But this scenario raises one other intriguing possibility . "
tr	NN	The tenant who has the roof garden says you put up a sign blocking his view .
tr	NNS	Cadmus watched me eat with interest , keeping his dark eyes trained on my face .
tr	NN	Her spine straightens more , if that 's possible .
tr	NNS	The oranges are free . "
tr	NN	" A warrior shows no fear . "
tr	NN	As the small flame caught the lighter wood , the Master thumped his hand on the massive book .
tr	NNS	The wolves began to slowly move in to attack .
tr	NN	David saw a vision through the wooden slats of a barn wall , a vision Kizzy had the day she died .
tr	NN	Dreadlocks shook his head , the tail ends of his hair swinging slightly .
tr	NNS	In the rear of the bus , the G5 members slept , used their computers , or listened to music .
tr	NN	History will remember him as the person who made the victory at the Battle of San Jacinto a reality .
tr	NNS	The lilting strains of a dance that had originally been written for the lute swirled through the glittering salon .
tr	NNS	I could tell he was a little buzzed , his pupils wider and slowed .
tr	NN	Tick asked , relieved his voice came out with no cracks .
tr	NN	Hal 's recovery was nothing short of stellar .
tr	NN	' And who was the better candidate ? '
tr	NN	Remove the release circuit wires ?
tr	NN	Morgan 's tie was red .
tr	NNS	Apparently , there were no native scavengers here besides bacteria .
tr	NN	The loose tie dangled in front of my face and I took it in my hands .
tr	NN	But the test was about more than your power , " said the old man slyly .
tr	NN	The pencil she 'd been tapping fell from her fingers , causing the copy editor who had yelled the comment to laugh .
tr	NN	As he pushed farther in , one agonizing inch at a time , a dreamy haze entered her eyes and she smiled .
tr	NNS	Where are your charming pets , by the way ? "
tr	NNS	There are racks of lingerie in all different colors and sizes .
tr	NNS	Images of me going splat on the cement floor flashed through my mind .
tr	NN	A three-dimensional astral map replaced the planet .
tr	NNS	Assorted bits of useless information , like date of last tetanus shot , and name of GP .
tr	NNS	Lightning forks jumped from one piece of metal to another , forming vivid arches in the air .
tr	NNS	Maybe hotels or safe houses , " I said .
tr	NN	Love forged in the crucible of a Stove winter .
tr	NNS	" My clients are very specific . "
tr	NN	As Damon Runyon once said , " The race isn 't always to the swift , nor the battle to the strong .
tr	NNS	Our flashlights make crazy shapes on the walls as we move through the tables and chairs covered in dust .
tr	NN	The first spotlight switched on , shining down on a stylized island acropolis amidst a sea of painted waves hand-cranked off-stage .
tr	NNS	Only two rows of cotton stood between us and the edge of their side yard .
tr	NN	There 's a real technique required , and once they have it , they won 't need the supervision . "
tr	NNS	" These bites look even more like a vampire 's kiss than the last two .
tr	NN	The operator said , " The ambulance is on 6th now .
tr	NN	His ranger status put him in a whole new category .
tr	NNS	Things will get back to normal eventually . "
tr	NNS	The petals fell , inert , to the floor , though the vines still tried to grip her .
tr	NNS	Looks like they were headed toward Berkley .
tr	NNS	Reyes 's eyelids popped open at the unwelcome intrusion , and he stiffened .
tr	NN	The " Just kidding , you 're a royal screw up . "
tr	NNS	Helping unhappy couples tear each other apart financially is rewarding in its own way . "
tr	NN	A panel opened , and he beckoned her through the wall .
tr	NN	That agent was Abbey Benson . "
tr	NN	There was a van parked , right in front of it .
tr	NN	But a strange infection contaminating the camp 's mess hall soon triggers a violent rampage .
tr	NNS	No different from when captains controlled their own ships , and another captain 's opinion was relevant only when companies grouped together .
tr	NN	Instead of the swirling miasma , there was now an intricate Celtic scroll design , far older than anything I 'd ever seen .
tr	NN	The bitch is dead . "
tr	NN	The lack of light gave me more shadows to skulk through .
tr	NNS	There are vast forests and beautiful lakes there offering plenty of food and wood to build churches . "
tr	NNS	My two broken characters will finally bring each other as much comfort as they do passion .
tr	NN	The same mixed signals , but with more weight on the outrage this time .
tr	NN	The announcement seemed a success .
tr	NNS	The razor sharp edge slit a dozen reins in one swoop and the ends flicked from the tree stump to the spongy grass .
tr	NNS	There were roads , but no houses .
tr	NN	A tremor rumbled down my back .
tr	NNS	Massive flaming blasts exploded around them .
tr	NN	Here all manner of chieftain and dignitary would be present for the mass harvest of fish available .
tr	NNS	" Don 't leave like that again , " Rift half demands , his voice tinged with emotion .
tr	NNS	There were whispers between my parents and a frown from my father , but she was adamant .
tr	NNS	Things seemed to be going quite well .
tr	NNS	Maybe her twins do something similar . "
tr	NN	A bullet slammed into Reyes 's shoulder , and he laughed at the wonderful sting .
tr	NN	Her spine drooped where the girl I 'd known had held herself with pride and determination .
tr	NN	The space traveler is still weak as I help him sit down .
tr	NN	" The hunt is a pivotal part of the club .
tr	NN	" She said ' t was because it was dangerous and that she wished to be alone to think . "
tr	NNS	Even now , her gorgeous red locks were dampening , the snow in them melting in the warmth of the stable .
tr	NN	" And I didn , t want to tell her that I had paid them both - her father and mother - in kind .
tr	NN	I sense it , " a warrior near him cried .
tr	NNS	Sirens wailed in the distance .
tr	NN	" How 's the bump ? "
tr	NN	His thrust sent me to the ground on my back .
tr	NNS	Voluntary social networks became all the more significant , and reciprocal .
tr	NNS	More dinners means more opportunities to impress him . "
tr	NN	Just as she thought her house would ignite into flames from the powerful bursts , the lightning stopped abruptly .
tr	NN	Your white knight has arrived .
tr	NNS	" My apologies , " he said , although he didn 't sound particularly sorry .
tr	NNS	Namely , my innards would slop out all over the floor . "
tr	NN	A loudspeaker squeaked and crackled to life .
tr	NN	" I have had enough of both of you , " Special agent in charge Carlson roared .
tr	NN	And all patrons were gods .
tr	NNS	Death scenes appeared to be a favorite , whether the subject was men , women , or animals .
tr	NNS	Many JP leaders wanted to cut the WTR off completely , but Reggie just couldn 't see doing that without fostering the hard feelings Ethan spoke of .
tr	NN	' The priest warned us about this .
tr	NNS	' One of these days those rats will start dying .
tr	NNS	Looks like this drive won 't take an hour after all .
tr	NN	My uncle took his long-sleeved shirt off and tossed it to me .
tr	NN	Then there 's a bump on my hip when my best friend came .
tr	NNS	The fabrics were the highest quality and often European , the designs complicated and utterly unique .
tr	NNS	Three figures stood conversing quietly just feet from them .
tr	NNS	Things would have to start to change from breakfast .
tr	NN	" If we don 't fol ow Sage 's suggestion , we ' l never find the trunk .
tr	NN	A small escort of Ezio 's men would ride with her part of the way , to see her safely out of Rome .
tr	NN	There is a den nearby where they have taken your friend . "
tr	NN	What if the thug had come back and somehow managed to make his way past Nikolai 's security system ?
tr	NN	" The heaviest concentration of the rumor is near the bay . "
tr	NN	And the mallet came down again .
tr	NNS	All the stores were near empty .
tr	NN	At this question , the hermit bowed his head and the shadows extended over his eyes .
tr	NNS	The floors are falling up .
tr	NN	" No talking , " the teacher says .
tr	NNS	The hardwood floors gleamed , and gilded mirrors hung on the wall beside French paintings .
tr	NN	The first page through was a cover letter from National Copy Service , addressed to Theresa Osborne at the Boston Times .
tr	NNS	His psychic abilities were an asset at any time .
tr	NN	A fierce blush stained her cheeks .
tr	NNS	" Green footprints became our signature tat . "
tr	NN	The rug bunched up around him , leaving little room for escape .
tr	NN	There was a raw , unleashed hunger in that gaze .
tr	NN	A freighter had turned from the shipping lanes and was heading straight towards the Secretariat building .
tr	NN	The front page told the legend of the fire .
tr	NN	There was a warrior in all that spoiled prince .
tr	NNS	There are preparations a man likes to make .
tr	NNS	There were no signs of Phoenix or any other Harley rider .
tr	NN	Now only one more challenge remained ; reaching the food .
tr	NN	As if there was another option .
tr	NNS	Her palm was extended , two red-and-white pills resting in the center .
tr	NNS	Lots of bikers come in to get new ink down the tattoo parlor .
tr	NN	The usher was a policeman I knew from the time I dated Arthur .
tr	NNS	Hands out , claws extended , he reached for Jenna .
tr	NN	" Ian Murphy , sir , " said the dwarf .
tr	NNS	More than a few drug deals go down .
tr	NN	" My uncle was aware of the club , but he was not too concerned at first .
tr	NNS	The fairies were here , and it was time to produce his trophy .
tr	NNS	The zombies carrying the holy water threw it in Battista 's direction .
tr	NN	His posture uncomfortable , Jace glanced at Cole .
tr	NNS	The receding scales leave behind small trickles of watery blood on her legs .
tr	NNS	Makes my life a heck of a lot easier , not to mention more pleasant , " he said , turning and marching into the trees .
tr	NN	Despair like that , about total reality , is self-perpetuating . "
tr	NNS	The mattress was as firm as the one at home , the pillows ample and comfortable .
tr	NN	At that time , motor vehicle transport was relatively new in warfare .
tr	NNS	The murders were at an end .
tr	NNS	Sweaty dampness seeped from her flattened palms and scalded his skin .
tr	NNS	Those types of things don 't happen in real life . "
tr	NNS	There are millions of numbers .
tr	NNS	He leaned back , thumbs hooked over his belt .
tr	NNS	When wielded in the hands of Solo Ki , the wisest members of the Plague fled ... the rest met their permanent end .
tr	NNS	The only finished objects in the room were the multiple bottles of alcohol .
tr	NN	But -- her elation abruptly died .
tr	NN	" Presently , " the captain replied wearily .
tr	NN	If we wait too long however , the anomaly I spoke of may have become so pronounced that even surrender won 't work . "
tr	NN	And the sheriff 's deputy ?
tr	NNS	The fuzzy images from my past matched the bodies of the dead .
tr	NNS	The documents on file supported Racquel 's words , but Anya knew her clients and their quirks .
tr	NN	The raven crouched a little to allow the tiny figure to hop on to its back , and then lumbered into the air .
tr	NNS	Diggs abandoned the window and came to stand beside me , surveying the room .
tr	NN	There was a faint stirring in her mind .
tr	NN	Her gaze fol owed the trail of smoke that seemed to snake up to where the half moon hung in the sky .
tr	NNS	" You freaks aren 't taking me anywhere ! "
tr	NNS	The submarine trains foundering among its vines were inconsequential now .
tr	NNS	Others say large masses of humans populate the lands .
tr	NNS	The flesh changes hues in protest .
tr	NNS	The goblins could make no complaint against her .
tr	NN	The captain made sure your folks were notified when things looked serious .
tr	NN	His rank was a fictitious as the rest .
tr	NN	" My balance is good already ! "
tr	NN	Chance went to the trunk and wrapped his hands in rags used to wipe off the oil dipstick .
tr	NNS	There were gates connecting it with the ocean , which could be opened if required .
tr	NN	Love should be a substance , not some sentimental , ephemeral emotion .
tr	NNS	Images of happy , sunlit memories tarnished under the dark memories of blood stained hair and closed caskets .
tr	NN	In the center of the room was an intricately carved table with six matching chairs .
tr	NNS	There are a million Ghost legends .
tr	NN	Part of me wanted to rip the envelope open that second , but those three words kept me from doing so .
tr	NNS	Contents Chapter One " I don 't know . "
tr	NNS	There are the factories - " " You make the choice , Selene . "
tr	NNS	The hills of Appalachia offered the perfect setting , while providing a climate and scenery not unlike home .
tr	NNS	The duchess has gone white as a corpse .
tr	NNS	Sirens went off in my head .
tr	NNS	Blue rooftop pools and green terrace gardens marked the apartments of the wealthy .
tr	NN	The chairman warned me some time would be needed to set matters right .
tr	NN	" He means well , " the other twin added .
tr	NN	My sweater was next , and he made that groan I found so sexy when he saw me in only my bra and panties .
tr	NN	His hesitation was brief , and when he spoke he sounded regretful .
tr	NN	This time Pendleton leaned back in his seat , exuding far more confidence than he felt .
tr	NN	A tremor of fear went through her at that thought .
tr	NN	" Only the ice cream van . "
tr	NNS	" The House vamps already think I 'm a freak .
tr	NNS	Flames erupted from beneath the hood and rapidly engulfed the front of the vehicle .
tr	NNS	Her fingernails dug into my skin , but I didn 't feel any pain .
tr	NN	Love really was a pit , and I was at rock bottom .
tr	NNS	Shifter weddings are about drawing new family in . "
tr	NNS	" Others know about you .
tr	NN	The chaos of the event soon forgotten as we 'd all indulged our sweet tooth .
tr	NN	" And what can a bard do ? "
tr	NN	" There 's a whole network of forest roads all circling around the hillside .
tr	NN	The applause was deafening .
tr	NNS	The slit wrists are the cause of death . "
tr	NN	By the large window was a harp , played beautifully by a lady in a long dark green velvet gown .
tr	NN	There was a sudden tap at the window of my room .
tr	NN	The rustling increased , and they heard an odd sighing sound , a sort of wheeze .
tr	NNS	The twins were due to return at six .
tr	NN	Probably made him an even better FBI agent .
tr	NN	What was the treatment ? "
tr	NN	Occasionally , a snow plow rumbled past the house .
tr	NN	The buggy bucked and swerved as Tristram wrestled it between sections of road which were now falling away from one another .
tr	NNS	She watched his face as he worked , studied the planes of his cheeks , the firm set to his lips .
tr	NN	The guard captain bowed slightly and withdrew , leaving two of his guards behind .
tr	NNS	The gang members hold their ground .
tr	NNS	Things are going to get very hot here very soo ... " He stiffened suddenly and swore under his breath .
tr	NNS	My mouth slams shut in embarrassment .
tr	NN	But for me , even the most casual of intimacies is foreign .
tr	NNS	The resources of the country were worth fighting for , once an excuse for invasion was deemed valid . "
tr	NNS	' Then why have the wells risen ?
tr	NN	" The organization you need to fear is the FRU .
tr	NN	So there was no milk to go on top of her cereal .
tr	NN	The crystal chandelier was swinging dangerously above us .
tr	NN	The churn of water from a faucet sounded in the background as Nik said , " Was anyone else there ? "
tr	NN	No , the treat to which I am referring , which comes free with every fishing trip , is Mother Nature herself .
tr	NNS	A few thousand fans booing was just part of the game .
tr	NN	Any more stalling and I 'll do it myself .
tr	NNS	Jane 's hackles went up .
tr	NNS	Meanwhile , officer Winslow was travelling down the road to the hospital .
tr	NN	On the front page was Spencer 's picture .
tr	NN	In the 1990s , the author had twenty-one articles published , both nationally and internationally .
tr	NNS	Moses guessed that it must have been the dying screams of this same boy that had caught his attention .
tr	NNS	More figures moved in front of the firelight .
tr	NN	The addition of Declan would be huge .
tr	NN	" But the risk factor doesn 't mean you 're gon na get anything . "
tr	NN	The leopard walloped against the cage .
tr	NN	There 's not a ton of time for hanging out .
tr	NN	" There 's not much damage . "
tr	NN	His flashlight was still working .
tr	NN	His partner pointed a finger at me .
tr	NNS	Strong winds spiraled the air in every imaginable direction .
tr	NN	Our garage even diagnosed the breakdown as a matter of circumstance . "
tr	NN	His flashlight sweeps across the ground .
tr	NNS	The hostages glanced at one another , wondering what she getting at .
tr	NNS	The opponents were trying to call each other 's bluff .
tr	NN	The pilot had to rub the dials with a cloth to read them .
tr	NN	A crown was place on her head as everyone applauded her .
tr	NN	Headquarters was quite a long walk away from us .
tr	NNS	" There are action figures for paper and staplers ? "
tr	NN	Maybe his intent was to kill her all along .
tr	NNS	The faintly shimmering strands of subtle signals that connected the various digital points were obvious to her trained eyes .
tr	NN	The hunter in the rear carried other items that may be needed such as sinews for tying , tobacco for spiritual and pleasurable uses .
tr	NNS	However , the cameras in that area were thinly distributed and the necessities for safely hiding a portal meant low human traffic .
tr	NNS	Thick white flakes fell and swirled around us , descending like glitter inside a water globe .
tr	NN	Thine kidnapper shalt trouble thee no longer ! "
tr	NN	No accent covered his words .
tr	NN	" But there 's still more medicine they can give me , right ?
tr	NNS	And members of your family are at the center of it . "
tr	NN	That cow mustn 't have fed him at all .
tr	NNS	" If so , the motives escape me . "
tr	NNS	The gaps in her memory frustrated her as she searched his golden-brown eyes .
tr	NNS	The wolves had a harder time on the final stretch than I did .
tr	NNS	No other Sentinels were around .
tr	NN	Was the guilt as thick on my face as it was in my stomach - sickening me ?
tr	NN	' The trickle 's drying up .
tr	NN	There 's a heavy pot full of greenery in the corner of the room .
tr	NNS	The butterflies in his stomach were ready to bust right through and fly away .
tr	NNS	Bugs was fast turning red with rage .
tr	NN	He 'd collapsed quite literally at Eliza 's feet , a neat , round bullet hole in his heart .
tr	NN	Her cotton gown smelled of soap and clean things .
tr	NNS	Other dancers were already working their way around me when a guy saved me by asking for a dance .
tr	NN	Its width stretched over fifteen paces .
tr	NNS	But explanations aren 't necessary : Malcolm appears behind me and plunges his hands through the bars towards his son .
tr	NNS	Yes , there are classes where the women talk and discuss techniques , but no-one is teaching you anything unless you want them to . "
tr	NNS	His movements were fluid and easy as if each one had been carefully choreographed and planned weeks in advance .
tr	NN	" You think you did him a favor , Cassie ?
tr	NNS	Flames engulfed her , her hair , her eyes , her clothes and skin .
tr	NNS	" Animals have personalities just like people .
tr	NN	At that moment hunger messaged him again : " Feed me . "
tr	NNS	From then on , birthdays and Christmases brought more drums and cymbals until the kit was complete .
tr	NN	Love never reveals itself fully to anyone .
tr	NNS	The dynamics of the longer sword are hard for Gray Wolf to maneuver until he decides to move forward , blocking and cutting at the same time .
tr	NN	" Morning will be soon enough . "
tr	NNS	His staple items are the best . "
tr	NNS	Those instances usually meant getting pushed to the ground , held down , slapped , hit , or pulled around . "
tr	NN	Also by Amanda Martin : BABY BLUES AND WEDDING SHOES Amanda 's latest release , the chick lit novel Baby Blues and Wedding Shoes is available now .
tr	NN	And their lack of communication after what they 'd shared the night before had left him feeling insecure and disconnected .
tr	NNS	" Nicely done , sir , nicely done , " Bugs commended .
tr	NN	The sheriff told them they could go home .
tr	NNS	Metal bits along with fleshy interior parts spray in all directions while the rest crumbles to the deck .
tr	NNS	Large raindrops pelt Shelton 's face .
tr	NNS	The two figures turned around .
tr	NN	Lust ignited as my tongue darted in his open mouth .
tr	NN	The gentle landing made a mockery of the difficulty of such a procedure .
tr	NN	Becoming Ms. Blanc 's slave is what I want to do and that is the only reason I have signed below . "
tr	NNS	The gun blasts stung his ears and echoed across the empty construction site .
tr	NN	The colonel was between a rock and a hard place , right enough .
tr	NNS	The couch 's springs were broken , the cushions made of scratchy material , stuffing coming out the edges .
tr	NN	Jazz got home late this morning , and we planned to leave when we finished packing .
tr	NN	Link shook his head .
tr	NN	Part of it was simple greed .
tr	NN	An eerie , emotional review of all that had led to this moment .
tr	NNS	All the ghosts running through these streets are mortal !
tr	NN	Just as nice a little stair for that slinking Gollum as we could leave .
tr	NN	Yes , even a goat appeared in front of her .
tr	NNS	The repairs will not hold forever .
tr	NNS	Other losses further threatened with endless droughts worrying harvests , violence creeping the river 's banks to erupt into terrors feeding on greed .
tr	NN	Then the ice cream started selling .
tr	NN	Traffic 's tight downtown and you know I hate driving in that shit .
tr	NN	A tape measure wrapped my waist first , Magda making a face then that I saw too clearly in the reflection .
tr	NNS	Our members have many different faiths . "
tr	NNS	Suddenly there were three wolves upon him , snarling and tearing .
tr	NNS	There are three colors here , brown , gray , and white , and I can 't get used to it .
tr	NN	The snake coiled tighter and tighter , cutting into the kami and eventually crushing it .
tr	NNS	Carruthers tapped the pages square , carefully evening the edges , eyes fixed on them .
tr	NN	The snake did not move .
tr	NN	And Knox 's thrumming pulse and barely there restraint told me he felt it , too .
tr	NNS	His skills have always been the thing of legends . "
tr	NN	The attacking grunt yelped like a dog as this piece of steel sank deeply into its chest .
tr	NNS	As Riley could attest , nothing productive happened when you mixed business with pleasure .
tr	NN	The principal stops , and we all crowd around my locker waiting eagerly .
tr	NN	His teacher still hadn 't said anything to him .
tr	NNS	Our tongues danced , and we both moaned as Walker pulled me against his body .
tr	NN	" As you see , the fin seems to be attached to a cylindrical object buried under the coral .
tr	NNS	Because it turns out , real spies don 't make a life lying to the sweet boys .
tr	NNS	The ruins hold an intricate beauty , bathed in the red glow of the sinking sun .
tr	NNS	As time passed , so did the lies I told to cover up the reasons behind my bruises .
tr	NNS	My scales rustled as my body tried to keep warm and the lower temperature affected my metabolism .
tr	NN	A small sacrifice to save many .
tr	NNS	Her instincts told her that much .
tr	NNS	Toby never forgot all those cousins , most of whom went on to great success without ever committing a crime or a sin .
tr	NN	The clever leader will compound the error by moving quickly in the appropriate direction .
tr	NN	Love was what bound her to her daughter and her parents and grandparents and their parents before them .
tr	NN	The soil around him , all over his clothes , his boots , his armor , was loose , fairly sandy .
tr	NN	A very swift hunter with good stamina can eventually overtake the tiring Kimbra if it were not for one strategy .
tr	NN	He kneels down in front of me and looks me square in the eyes , " Your birthday is tomorrow .
tr	NNS	An unbearable tightness began to form between her legs .
tr	NN	His personality could go from hot to cold in the space of a single heartbeat .
tr	NNS	Samuels broke eye contact first , glancing around at the large two-story house with its brilliant green lawn and flower beds vibrant with color .
tr	NNS	Things were looking good .
tr	NN	Somewhere beyond the bridge and the clearing and the dark silhouette of trees against the gray dawn sky , the siren woke the dead .
tr	NNS	The beetroot juices had seeped into the bread and it looked like road kill .
tr	NNS	The faint murmurs of voices drifted out of the trees in front of where the giant was standing .
tr	NNS	The coins must have acted like keys .
tr	NNS	Barely audible Delilah started singing a lullaby in French .
tr	NN	My grandma would say the girl must have put a spell on him .
tr	NN	Military discipline is a core tenant , taught to children from an early age .
tr	NNS	Images of licking and tasting him , caressing his smooth skin , wrapping my legs around him , and being filled by him shot into my mind .
tr	NNS	Some mysteries would remain forever , and better for the world that they always should .
tr	NN	Her pager went off before she could relax too much , and she reluctantly sat up , knowing her hiding time was over .
tr	NN	A white panel of the wall changed to a black screen and she appeared .
tr	NN	The politically correct demographic slice of Americana : one white guy , one black guy and one woman , ethnicity may vary .
tr	NNS	Yet the pirates were harder to convince .
tr	NN	The mob grumbles in common hatred of me .
tr	NN	The next morning Tessa made no attempt to create a professional image .
tr	NN	" Something scarier , scary enough for even those horrors to stay away from , " she pushed .
tr	NNS	The media covered Cyrus ' death and there was speculation about the transfer of ownership .
tr	NNS	" What are these mine signs all about ? "
tr	NNS	There are " Congratulations , Graduates " signs everywhere .
tr	NNS	Shouts of fury came from the men as they were halted by deadly electricity .
tr	NNS	Others , like you , will remember . "
tr	NN	" And there 's no booze to make me sick . "
tr	NNS	The hills are still green and in the valley across the Hollywood hills you can see snow on the high mountains .
tr	NN	The television was on in the living room .
tr	NNS	In school his classmates gravitated toward him for captain ; he 'd always been picked by his teachers to lead group discussions .
tr	NNS	With another click the two images reappeared , superimposed upon each other .
tr	NNS	Even then , the writings were different .
tr	NNS	The spaces between the slats let in a trickle of light that allowed him to see contours of the interior of the shack .
tr	NN	Serge 's arrival on the opposite side of the house went undetected .
tr	NN	The fine gown cascaded to the ground , piling around her ankles .
tr	NN	The hook didn 't come back either .
tr	NN	A little kitten would be adorable and soft . "
tr	NNS	Images of horror movies he had seen as a child danced in his head , hopping around from one thought to another .
tr	NN	My adrenaline soared , and I couldn 't seem to bring myself to move .
tr	NN	" A dreadful place . "
tr	NNS	Thin slivers of lettuce hung from her yellow teeth .
tr	NNS	The cousins were constantly at each other 's throats , even if they would defend each other to the death .
tr	NNS	Sporadic bursts of energy showered the craft , each sounding like a small explosion .
tr	NN	" Ok , well he has nice handwriting . "
tr	NNS	The apples teased his tongue .
tr	NN	Claude 's kindness to JB was a good thing to hear , especially at this point in time .
tr	NN	By now , their parade had begun to draw more and more eyes .
tr	NNS	Things will be wonderful .
tr	NNS	Cars traversed Beach Boulevard at the customary Southern California pace , a unique speed somewhere between distracted leisure and impatience .
tr	NNS	" Her handlers aren 't going to like this . "
tr	NN	Her writing wasn 't going nearly as smoothly as she would like .
tr	NNS	Rats always know when it 's time to disembark . "
tr	NNS	The lasers shut off .
tr	NNS	Animals that had crept in the shadows of the night , usually unseen , stopped frozen in their tracks to meet her gaze .
tr	NN	The spicy sauce along with the gooey cheese made her taste buds jump up and down .
tr	NNS	The sharp edges followed him down , dangerously close , testing Chase 's nerve .
tr	NN	The Bastian leader gazed at us steadily .
tr	NNS	" Her Highness has been coming to the barracks each dawn since she arrived , to spar with me for practice and exercise .
tr	NNS	Reyes scooped her up , never wanting to let her go , and nudged Kane with the toe of his boot to wake him .
tr	NN	A central stairwell gave access to the habitat and laboratory levels , with the self-sustaining nuclear reactor a distance below them .
tr	NN	Like a mist blowing in the wind , the black rectangle flickered and disappeared .
tr	NNS	Reyes sank down in the closest chair .
tr	NN	When she pulled away , the ranger still stood there in the rain , staring after her .
tr	NNS	Babylonian courts struggled with issues of betrayal , greed , jealousy , and revenge .
tr	NN	In the kitchen , the coffee pot she never used was half-full of cold brown liquid .
tr	NN	The biggest bully in our school was Mrs. Hanover .
tr	NN	" No , conviction does not come that easily .
tr	NN	" But my biggest thank-you of all is to whoever left the bag with the GPS tracker here . "
tr	NNS	The Speaker 's attendants kept the poor far away from them .
tr	NNS	The twins seemed unsure what to make of the white dog 's attention .
tr	NN	Her first instinct was to thrash about and demand answers , but she was barely able to move .
tr	NN	Her h * ps swayed from side to side with every step , and her tits bounced .
tr	NN	the pirates ' captain warned them .
tr	NN	My defeat was absolute and I sent a prayer away begging for Aphrodite 's forgiveness , though without hope that it would ever reach beyond the Pit .
tr	NNS	Immortals didn 't tolerate the unjust killing of their kind .
tr	NNS	Chapter Thirteen The giant wolf leapt for the baby 's cradle , its jaws gaping wide .
tr	NN	The dragon made a rather smooth landing on the depressing side of the island .
tr	NNS	Despite the fierce defense from Katie and Chris , the ceramic warriors pressed forward undaunted , showing no regard for their survival .
tr	NNS	Questions were a massive stumbling block .
tr	NN	Ethan 's biggest challenge was not to become impatient .
tr	NNS	Shouts echoed through the hallway .
tr	NN	But booze filled curiosity got in the way .
tr	NN	His back felt stiff , his bum sore from the leap over the fence .
tr	NNS	Lights flickered in the hallway and he gave her a slow smile .
tr	NN	Another exchange ensued , this one lacking the vitriol of the earlier discussion .
tr	NNS	No lies will work , baby . "
tr	NNS	The gates are coming down behind us ! '
tr	NNS	General histories of that year showed me nothing I could use .
tr	NN	But the bastard released the balance of the trust fund to me the same day that he withdrew from the senate race .
tr	NN	The squad , eager for rest , threw their packs down onto the ice .
tr	NN	Cameron 's explanation was all the more heartbreaking for the calmness with which he gave it .
tr	NN	The cigarette smoke haze clears to reveal a lonely , depressed , tired young man .
tr	NNS	The edges of things were crisp - crisper and sharper than anywhere that Spider had ever been before .
tr	NNS	The servants would be in daily contact with them , and would eventually have to see them as they were .
tr	NN	Dude , that mind-reading trick has to suck .
tr	NN	The voice 's cackling giggle made Tessa 's skin crawl .
tr	NN	Despair was not really a quality that he was capable of , and in any case he knew that these problems were merely temporary .
tr	NNS	My instincts tell me this isn 't foul play .
tr	NN	The vicious conflict left countless fractured families and broken homes .
tr	NNS	Chartres and Berwick and Lorraine pounded down the trail after her .
tr	NN	The damn blush , that never went away , rendered me quiet and panting with just watching him circle me like a lion in his bedroom .
tr	NN	This discovery could bring the licensing authorities down on them and trigger inspections , inspections they might not pass .
tr	NN	The captain stalked over to Dorian and grabbed him by the arm .
tr	NN	" Ok then , if you are ready , let 's do it . "
tr	NNS	And somewhere amid one of those oceans was a madcap heiress he was professionally obligated to find .
tr	NN	" My attorney sold this apartment to an investment company CEO . "
tr	NNS	The river banks appeared like shadows of dreams sinking in an unknown world .
tr	NNS	His pirates had realised that this whole fight was for that one girl and they were not happy .
tr	NN	The texture was warm and sticky , but once again , there was no residue .
tr	NNS	When they began chanting , colors flared and sparked , making Kendra blink .
tr	NNS	Cars don 't work .
tr	NN	" The agent in charge .
tr	NN	A session of tests at the doctor 's office that day had drained him , but the most recent news had bolstered both their spirits .
tr	NNS	Things held in the balance .
tr	NNS	" The spikes , I mean ? "
tr	NNS	The relatives were coming and I would be home in time to greet them .
tr	NN	Occasionally , as if to break the monotony , a distant meteor strike lit up the horizon .
tr	NN	The biggest and most elaborate floral arrangement at the funeral had been from Dempsey Imports .
tr	NNS	The two pools of blue form solidified and remained stable in their crystalline shapes .
tr	NNS	All dwarves are peaceful by nature .
tr	NN	" For us grocery store types , this -- " she gestured to the snow clotted with blood , " -- is upsetting .
tr	NN	And my grandma took care of me when my mom 's went on because they didn 't feel like a funeral was a place for a newborn .
tr	NN	Our freaking sensei up and left us ! "
tr	NNS	The hunting horns behind them sounded again .
tr	NN	The gargoyle gave a small shrug .
tr	NN	From off in the trees to their right , a bellowing roar overpowered the horns and trumpets .
tr	NN	The bullet that would have been the death of him whistled harmlessly by , leaving a red tracer line still floating in the air .
tr	NNS	" Several ladies mentioned that it was time that I laid down the law and told you that it was time to settle down . "
tr	NN	" Let me go or I 'll kill her , " Bishop 's low menacing growl turned my blood icy cold .
tr	NNS	Aden 's eyelids popped open .
tr	NN	There was another slight hesitation on Madison 's part .
tr	NN	There was also a notebook .
tr	NNS	Looks like a raccoon , don 't she , with all that eye makeup ? "
tr	NNS	Maybe our designers could use some of the tones and patterns from Daddy 's paintings .
tr	NN	A little black cricket chirped inside .
tr	NNS	Things I might have known without knowing .
tr	NNS	Several members of the council began to dig through piles of old scrolls , as if hoping to find an answer to his question .
tr	NN	" Who is this bastard ? "
tr	NNS	" All runes come from the Gray Book . "
tr	NNS	Things would still be a mess in Trail Stop , though .
tr	NN	" I swear to the Most High , your punishment wil have you wishing for the pits of Hel if you threaten her again . "
tr	NN	A little adjustment here and we have a runaway glaciation ; the other way and we have runaway heating due to a greenhouse effect .
tr	NN	The young lieutenant looked at me and spoke .
tr	NN	His bruise looked ghastly .
tr	NNS	Then the werewolves attacked .
tr	NNS	The upper floors were stuffed with letters when ... I ... tried ... ' Moist 's voice trailed off .
tr	NNS	" What are your demands ? "
tr	NNS	Her ideas had such power .
tr	NNS	Animals are dying because we are forcing them to eat waste , forcing them to live in their own filth , caging them together and abusing them .
tr	NNS	Things will seem very dull when we go home . "
tr	NNS	The slats over his window stream artificial light over a small plant in a homemade pot that has long since died .
tr	NN	There was no mistaking Blaire .
tr	NN	Now the skeleton 's underneath and I 'm on top .
tr	NN	The dragon hadn 't struck until the moment the gag was securely in place .
tr	NNS	But the slopes were so steep that Alain 's building could have been nestled anywhere without showing a turret or a peak .
tr	NN	No theory or idea , regardless of how ridiculous , is out of order .
tr	NN	The injury was Kevin 's to bear , but we all suffered for it .
tr	NN	The notebook had made it so .
tr	NN	The tip of the tail was silver .
tr	NN	Love stared at the boy as sobs shook his whole body .
tr	NN	The golem is out of the picture .
tr	NN	The banjo player was sitting under a birch tree on a wooden kitchen chair .
tr	NNS	Elias the antagonist , waiting for his time to strike .
tr	NNS	His vital signs were markedly lower than yesterday , and his blood pressure was now reaching dangerously levels .
tr	NN	" If these are incorrect , my employer will make your retirement most ... uncomfortable . "
tr	NN	The lance wen right through Sylvia .
tr	NN	Elodie leapt across the alleyway , landing neatly on all fours on the next roof .
tr	NNS	Words could not accurately describe how much I wanted to end this guy 's life .
tr	NN	' Hello , son , ' Love said .
tr	NN	" Where is your captain ? "
tr	NNS	All the changes were necessary to put the ship on manual , she realized , but she could feel the inadequacies of what had been done .
tr	NNS	The garbage bins were about a hundred feet away , next to the shed .
tr	NNS	The texts popped up on the receiver 's phones , one-by-one .
tr	NNS	Cadmus couldn 't have known all along .
tr	NN	Reality as she knew it had just vanished .
tr	NN	Despair settled in as Nate put the gun back to Ethan 's temple .
tr	NNS	Sometimes , the abilities of level ten psychics became too much for the human body to handle which the medical community referred to as psychic burnout .
tr	NNS	The Queen 's actions were deliberate , and I realized that by being beholden to her I would need to follow through with my promise .
tr	NN	The murmuring and laughter grew closer and louder .
tr	NN	The captain went to the bridge to use the radio .
tr	NN	The smells of perfume and food were overwhelming .
tr	NN	However , that same unyielding personality was the very thing that had kept him from learning about the outside .
tr	NNS	Meanwhile , ghostly figures floated noiselessly across darkened paths above and below .
tr	NNS	Later the images again began to flash from all sides .
tr	NN	" We have to deal with the legal matters " a little annoyance filled his voice .
tr	NN	Love spooned some food into her bowl and placed it on her mat .
tr	NNS	Names , characters , businesses , places , events and incidents are either the products of the author 's imagination or used in a fictitious manner .
tr	NN	My nausea began to ease away and I had learned from experience to stop eating then .
tr	NNS	Images of similar pendants which adorn the necks of each of my wonderful children flow through my thoughts as does Andrew 's angelic face .
tr	NN	But the determination suddenly dissolves from his face and there 's a sort of sadness left in its wake .
tr	NNS	Things have a way of not turning out the way you expected .
tr	NN	The spider rushed at him across the shadowed sands , scrabbling wildly on its stalk like legs .
tr	NN	The first hunter was in the lobby , hiding behind a newspaper .
tr	NN	There 's a clatter of dishes from the kitchen .
tr	NN	Inside , a tall rangy fellow up in years leaned back in a chair with his boots on the counter .
tr	NN	The leader of the group continued to chuckle and stroke his ponytail with a feminine swing .
tr	NN	The priest noticed this .
tr	NN	The notion seems absurd .
tr	NNS	" I was thinking we would go to a place your grandparents took Monica and me when we were young .
tr	NN	At once the acid stopped raining down , but now the attack was different , sharp and focused and very complex .
tr	NN	The referee took less than 2 seconds to announce the fight over and declared Luisa the winner .
tr	NN	If I forgot anything , or if I get homesick , I ' l run right back for a weekend .
tr	NNS	His chains now hummed against his neck and chest and he could feel Lily 's excitement .
tr	NN	So the little barbarian did have a temper after all .
tr	NNS	Our warriors were greatly outnumbered .
tr	NN	What did that bastard do to you ?
tr	NN	" Because he 's from Heaven , silly " the blonde bombshell chirped .
tr	NN	The design bordered on ludicrous , with its old-fashioned ideas .
tr	NNS	The classic landscapes on the wall also revealed little .
tr	NNS	In fact , her actions had earned her that very nickname at court .
tr	NNS	Kai winks at her , then moves on .
tr	NN	A television hanging in the corner broadcasts the news too quietly for any of us to hear .
tr	NNS	Nothing meaningful was going to come from this -- -- and was he actually hitting on his best friend 's girlfriend ?
tr	NNS	The consequences of course , being my humiliation .
tr	NNS	His frequent attempts to call her had dwindled to once a day and then had finally stopped altogether .
tr	NN	Another growl escaped his throat as his fingers glided to the vee of dark curls just above her moist cleft .
tr	NNS	" There are enough differences between wolf and dog DNA that , even if some genes have mutated , a test should determine what she is . "
tr	NN	His indifference toward her reaction , his coolness , only turned her on more .
tr	NN	The pilot saw that the kids above him weren 't falling back to Earth .
tr	NNS	The first traders to reach the southern markets stood to make the greatest profit .
tr	NN	The radio unit sat atop it , protected within its own crate , antenna clamped to one of its corners .
tr	NN	" My hatred for him drove me away from his glares of frustration .
tr	NNS	The unusual slopes and angles of the contemporary library contrasted sharply with the neighboring old barn and fenced pastures .
tr	NNS	My sunglasses fell to the ground and the brightness intensified .
tr	NN	The U. S. Robots marketing division on the Moon repeatedly urged him to go .
tr	NN	Blur had gone down , a bullet ripping through his chest as she 'd watched from her hiding place .
tr	NN	A partner to build a life with the way she 'd built her business .
tr	NN	One witness to one cold blood murder is all I need to put him away .
tr	NN	My pulse quickens and I smile .
tr	NNS	Her gut instincts were normally right .
tr	NN	But the warrior was no longer there .
tr	NN	The reflection illuminated the sterile white walls .
tr	NNS	Brilliant bursts of pure white and all-consuming scarlet burned Vasily 's retinas .
tr	NNS	The four band members rode back to the dorm , each reaching out to their feelings , while silence reigned in the van .
tr	NNS	Reyes would then take her back to his bedroom and , before long , back to his bed .
tr	NN	Our new prey just appeared . "
tr	NNS	Of course , Colin 's changes would cost money , but he 'd have to spend something to rebuild readership .
tr	NN	The mob shifted , separated , and came back together around Jacey , cutting her off from everyone else with practiced ease .
tr	NN	The cratered mountain was the youngest and least eroded cinder cone of the San Francisco volcanic fields .
tr	NNS	The criss-crossing lasers stopped their dance and I reckoned our Captain had hoisted the metaphorical white flag .
tr	NN	There was nervous applause .
tr	NNS	Her movements were graceful and smooth .
tr	NNS	' All our actions here will , I am sure , prove to have been justified as a part of our enquiries .
tr	NN	Apparently though , there was still a tiny spark inside her that wished things had been different .
tr	NNS	His extremities felt cold , and he wondered if he was going into shock .
tr	NN	The data streaming through my head clouded my vision .
tr	NN	A snake-like mass of pink and red flesh made its way out of the opening , coalescing at her detached mouth .
tr	NNS	The objects floated around the room , gaining momentum as Maria 's situation seemed more hopeless by the minute .
tr	NN	The center was open to the elements and the only thing there was a large fire pit that was currently not in use .
tr	NN	" Dammit ... " The bullet had ripped through the fabric , and from the feel of it , was still lodged in her flesh .
tr	NNS	" These punches are too powerful for me .
tr	NNS	" What have you ladies been working on ? "
tr	NN	" The Fae warrior asked me to steal the Sword of the Guardian . "
tr	NNS	I 've told you a hundred times the scenes in this corridor are just visions .
tr	NNS	If the face on the poster was yours then there are a few possibilities .
tr	NN	The surgeon was watching him carefully .
tr	NNS	Flames of shame burned my cheeks and wandered down my neck .
tr	NN	His pulse roared in his ears .
tr	NNS	The room 's ceilings were at least two stories tall but the room itself was only twelve by twelve .
tr	NN	But insanity was for the organics .
tr	NNS	Jell-O shots are your kryptonite for secrets . "
tr	NNS	Others were Russian proverbs : " Give him a fingernail worth , and he will ask an elbow worth . "
tr	NNS	Sharp bursts of pain were popping up all over my body .
tr	NNS	Thanks in part to decades of preparation by the SIL , some areas were particularly ripe .
tr	NNS	But two nurses just tried to kidnap me , and my sister is missing from her room . "
tr	NNS	The frenzied warriors around them formed a circle and some began to shout for blood .
tr	NN	A freak weather pattern moved through the islands . "
tr	NN	The bullet caught the woman in the shoulder .
tr	NNS	Things were getting very strange here at Suncoast .
tr	NNS	The portly duchess smiled fondly at her , and nodded her approval .
tr	NNS	Cadmus grabbed my waist and thrust me up onto its back and then quickly swung up behind me .
tr	NN	" There 's a perfect explanation . "
tr	NN	A clump of snow fell onto Orson 's lap as the glass lowered into the door .
tr	NNS	Starbucks has warned us to pretend we 're his slaves if anything comes up .
tr	NNS	No flashlights were necessary if their vision was similar to mine .
tr	NNS	Doors opened , and more students came out gradually .
tr	NN	The secretary sat back down in an exasperated fashion and huffed at him ; she blotted at the second-hand raindrops deliberately so as to make him wait .
tr	NNS	Things started to go black , and I fought against the darkness closing in around me .
tr	NN	The policeman made her do a test anyway .
tr	NNS	Not exactly the qualities she was looking for in a bodyguard .
tr	NN	The priest looked horrified .
tr	NN	The troublemaker can do no wrong in my father 's eyes , no matter how wrong the wrong is .
tr	NN	The fucker steals everything , so his name might as well be Jack . "
tr	NNS	No background checks or bank accounts were necessary .
tr	NN	The medic slowly and patiently walked with Josh as they left the elevator .
tr	NNS	Marius sighed and grabbed Dead Meat 's chin so he could look right into his eyes .
tr	NNS	The freaks and the shop reflected back at me in the mirror fade from my vision .
tr	NNS	Gramps wanted to take them , and I 'm glad he did .
tr	NN	Vicki 's vows to be cautious had nothing on Ryan 's dark eyes or the strong and steady beat of his heart beneath her hands .
tr	NNS	" Excuse us , ladies , " Shan said .
tr	NN	the sheriff yelled to the man in the hole .
tr	NN	The momentum pulled him forward and down to the floor .
tr	NNS	As it passes Serena , scales emerge over her ankles and up her legs -- a precaution .
tr	NN	A subtle chuckle rolled from my tongue .
tr	NN	As I made my first step to him , a black haze as thick as tar descended over me , blocking out everything except Meir .
tr	NN	A tight wheeze creeps into her breathing .
tr	NN	The artifact that would make him wildly rich now lay in the belly of that monster .
tr	NNS	" The materials are not the mystery .
tr	NN	My private investigator had informed me that Chloe had just turned twenty-two .
tr	NN	Any weakness , he pounced upon .
tr	NN	" My very own vampire guardian angel . "
tr	NNS	Her species had evolved to sleep half their brains at a time .
tr	NN	The jaguar in her was close .
tr	NN	My grandmother turns toward me and frowns .
tr	NN	The Child of Light is going to need it . '
tr	NNS	One 's internal organs of the nether regions always win .
tr	NNS	" Not all werewolves are killers .
tr	NN	One-time partner , I should say .
tr	NN	The lava sprayed skyward shooting flames a thousand feet into the sky .
tr	NNS	For some reason their smugness got under his skin .
tr	NNS	As Christmas approached the kitchen servants were working full-time , preparing for the feast which would last for weeks .
tr	NN	" The kidnapper 's cologne .
tr	NN	At last , he couldn , t stand these thoughts anymore .
tr	NNS	' The creatures you ... took over , didn 't they die ? '
tr	NNS	Her gills emerge , and she dips into icy ocean water .
tr	NN	The television flashed to John , in the audience , and my stomach sank .
tr	NNS	Things to figure out and fights to have .
tr	NN	" So , my secretary tells me this is a business visit .
tr	NNS	Things have not gone as smoothly . "
tr	NNS	The chances were that Ironside 's people would not even concern themselves with this end of the factory .
tr	NNS	The patients ' expressions were mostly unperturbed ; Debbie 's expression however was one that resembled a slightly pissed off bull .
tr	NN	Strangely , the cord inside me didn 't jump .
tr	NNS	" Things have been excitable around here to say the least .
tr	NN	" Where is my grandmother ? "
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared as if he knew what she 'd done , but he didn 't move .
tr	NN	The PE teacher that broke her heart .
tr	NNS	Gramps winks at me , and I stifle my grin as Gloria leads us into the house .
tr	NN	Her pendant swung back and forth from her chest , momentarily mesmerizing me .
tr	NN	The majority of them were probably too sick to go anywhere .
tr	NNS	Aris delivered it , in that wordless code he 'd developed with Alex as he caressed his cheek .
tr	NNS	Dragons lived many years and that was too long to live without a true mate to care for you .
tr	NN	" WE DEMAND FREE HEALTHCARE , " the mob repeated .
tr	NN	The van then reverses backwards into the car park and turns around -- reversing towards us with its back door facing us .
tr	NNS	The drops around us were huge and plentiful , and within seconds , the tops of our shirts were drenched .
tr	NNS	There were so many variables , so many risks ... " Angela ? "
tr	NNS	Colleen 's boobs were even bigger than she had thought .
tr	NN	My mommy told me . "
tr	NNS	Small valuable objects like cigarettes became their weight in gold .
tr	NNS	His footsteps crept closer .
tr	NN	" Your lack of interest cuts me to the quick . "
tr	NN	" There 's literally no other explanation .
tr	NN	The petite brunette sat next to Cab , who towered over everyone else in the room .
tr	NN	My career was over , and so was Jax 's .
tr	NN	Love replaced his baseball on the desk .
tr	NNS	Things weren 't going well .
tr	NNS	There are five council members , so there can never be a tie , only a swing vote , which means Mako 's support was key .
tr	NN	History only remembers the winners while everyone forgets the losers .
tr	NN	" But there 's a reserve on it . "
tr	NN	His beefy partner crowded in behind them .
tr	NNS	Our sales halve immediately . "
tr	NN	His snort told me what a bad liar I was , but he didn 't argue .
tr	NNS	If the stubborn tree limb hadn 't impaled straight through the window and seat six inches from where he was sitting .
tr	NN	A coat hook screwed to the wall over her left shoulder caught his attention .
tr	NN	The hunter hurled himself out of bed and went straight to his workshop .
tr	NNS	Because Jarrett Carter 's passport had been quietly confiscated by the U.S. Department of Justice , his movements were somewhat limited .
tr	NN	" Don 't take offense , Cordelia , but this boat has some years under her keel .
tr	NN	Part of me wanted to run but I stayed , curious as to what she may discover .
tr	NNS	The local authorities must not have located the parachute or any other evidence of insertion .
tr	NNS	The ladies in town were the closest friends she 'd had since college .
tr	NNS	Hendricks had his pencil poised above the open notebook .
tr	NNS	If we turn to Him for strength and understanding , our experiences will make us strong enough to be able to return and live with Him . "
tr	NNS	The currents and shore are such that no boat can safely get ashore so it is only reached by drake .
tr	NN	Kendra 's chief consolation was that she was not Seth .
tr	NN	Love , as he knew too well , could slice you to pieces and leave no visible scar .
tr	NNS	" How do eggs and bacon sound ? "
tr	NNS	Barnabas raised his eyebrows and smiled , " We shall see .
tr	NN	" We have not been careful since Lucan died , " Silas 's accent was thicker than usual and his voice barely rose above a whisper .
tr	NNS	The murmurs grew louder , a few members smiling at him from around the room .
tr	NN	The lightning flashed again , and every light in her house went dark .
tr	NN	" How could a hunter lose one of their most valuable weapons ? "
tr	NN	There is no other option , Amy .
tr	NN	The rich sauce had reduced too far ; it looked a little black around the edges .
tr	NN	The initiative was to start the recovery of the nation 's population that had been lost due to ' the Pulse ' .
tr	NN	The restroom seemed abandoned .
tr	NN	My Selkie fur flowed over my body , and my eyesight sharpened to that of a seal .
tr	NNS	Two twins who hated each other were together again .
tr	NN	The roads north of town are impassable due to the rain .
tr	NNS	Others needed to feel like they were making the world a little safer .
tr	NNS	Others have stony expressions .
tr	NN	A strange compulsion to spill my guts tries to overtake me , but I bash it back down .
tr	NNS	Thoughts whirled over what the Elder could have planned for my children .
tr	NNS	There were several attempts by reporters to sneak in , but the security team nabbed them every time .
tr	NNS	" Things get to be clichés because they 're true , don 't you know that ? "
tr	NNS	By the time he reached her , her movements were growing sluggish .
tr	NNS	Long slopes ran swiftly down to where the river spread in stony shoals between high grassy terraces .
tr	NN	After night had fallen , an old delivery van arrived and the two bodies were removed .
tr	NN	Over the curve of the horizon is a small mountain , shading whatever 's behind it .
tr	NNS	The whispers got louder and sounded closer .
tr	NN	" It ' l get easier . "
tr	NNS	The nurses never knew if this was by design or by chance .
tr	NNS	Tracing the direction of the fall , there were no airplanes , anywhere in that corner of the sky .
tr	NN	Luckily , the coast is clear .
tr	NNS	Marius stood up in the passenger seat and faced backward , the top half of his body sticking out through the open sunroof of the car .
tr	NNS	The species are primarily traders of merchandise in the Establishment .
tr	NN	The rocking and swaying of the ocean didn 't help .
tr	NN	' How 's the old suit fitting ? '
tr	NNS	" The consequences of too much interference , " she whispered .
tr	NN	The boy glared at her , the blacksmith sighed and looked her in the eye .
tr	NN	" And the difficulty of keeping our children alive the first year .
tr	NN	The gun roared and the man fell on the ground .
tr	NN	The basic concept was there , too .
tr	NNS	Others wear thick cloaks or the diaphanous gowns of angels .
tr	NNS	Images of a hurried , hidden love rushed forward , and met scenes of murder and of betrayal .
tr	NN	A low canine growl rose from underneath the table , raising the hairs on Painter 's arms .
tr	NNS	Soldiers filled the roads .
tr	NNS	Or a mini fridge .
tr	NN	And her " condition , " as she called it , didn 't come with a user 's manual .
tr	NN	James 's full concentration was on the woman at his side .
tr	NNS	Folks out here would not understand how Eliot or Hopkins could be involved , connected to the Lord in this way .
tr	NN	Her most attractive asset though is her personality .
tr	NNS	Where 's our helmets ? "
tr	NNS	The few immortals in attendance pinned me with their scrutiny .
tr	NN	That Air Force T-shirt seemed to hint she could trust him , but still .
tr	NNS	The remaining zombies were now only a few yards away and she was starting to get nervous again .
tr	NNS	Her movements then were slow and almost reluctant as she gathered her book , drink , and blanket and headed into the cottage .
tr	NN	A thoughtful wrinkle appeared on her otherwise smooth forehead .
tr	NNS	The body processes continue ; it 's a kind of twilight sleep . "
tr	NN	The dark design stood out against her pale skin .
tr	NN	Complete annoyance settled in his eyes .
tr	NNS	The shoppers wandered among the merchandise , going about their daily routines .
tr	NNS	There weren 't any markings on it .
tr	NNS	Names , characters , and events are products of the author 's imagination , or used as reference to enhance the story line .
tr	NNS	Things weren 't adding up .
tr	NNS	Two bright spots of color stained Tasha 's cheeks .
tr	NN	But an exchange of women was one thing : the outright abduction of a queen was quite another .
tr	NN	The gentleman leads his partner around in wide circle .
tr	NNS	Things may change and Marion can always get hold of me if they do . "
tr	NNS	Their supplies wouldn 't last more than a month , but there was no reason to stockpile .
tr	NN	Your uncle means well . "
tr	NNS	Others were very sweet , almost too sweet , and she put those aside as well .
tr	NN	The sand angel sparkled as if it were sprinkled with thousands of tiny diamonds .
tr	NN	" What sick bastard would hang something like that in an office ? "
tr	NN	Our first instinct is to hurt back , or refuse to forgive . "
tr	NNS	The lockers were not as I remembered them ; they were all on the wrong side !
tr	NNS	As she left the room , the edges of it began to blur .
tr	NNS	The flares caught the looming figure in both shoulders .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared and a muscle ticked in his jaw .
tr	NN	The lamp went out .
tr	NN	The trio ate dinner in silence .
tr	NNS	Most werewolves died during The Great War being used as foot soldiers during many battles with The Spiders .
tr	NN	" Listen , his grandmother built a mansion here .
tr	NN	A determined glint suddenly entered his eyes and he stood back up .
tr	NNS	" The runes are in my backpack , dude .
tr	NNS	' How are you ladies doing ? '
tr	NN	The landlord began pouring the libations .
tr	NN	The dawn lit up the alley outside the basement .
tr	NN	Now there 's a weird staircase that doesn 't go to anywhere .
tr	NNS	Others in Leona 's position , plagued by endless visions of real horrors , might seek to end their exposure to them by ending their very lives .
tr	NNS	Other shifters don 't have the same protection .
tr	NNS	Chubby wrists led to soft , child-like palms and slender fingers with oval nails .
tr	NN	In clattered the first coin .
tr	NNS	At the top of one of these hills was a large tree , with a large overhang of leaves and branches .
tr	NN	" Her momma is a stripper ? "
tr	NNS	Others often accuse us of ignoring the world around us .
tr	NN	The NASA administrator remained standing as the group filed in .
tr	NNS	Several figures , hooded and cloaked and wearing masks of silver metal , stepped into the shallow light .
tr	NN	Her belly growled with hunger .
tr	NNS	Finally , ghosts of regular humans from all time periods walked out of the haze , wearing the clothing from their eras .
tr	NNS	Excited murmurs filled the once silent room around us .
tr	NN	A weakness of mine , Master , ' I admitted , spreading my blankets on the ground .
tr	NNS	Friday lunches were almost always the best of the week , since everyone knew that another week was done .
tr	NN	" Your waitress will be with you shortly , " the petite brunette said before she bounced away .
tr	NN	There 's no honor among thieves . "
tr	NN	Her grandma probably looked like Lauren Bacall .
tr	NN	The government tracks large deposits , especially if they 're cash . "
tr	NNS	Lots for six mil , and that doesn 't include the requisite mansion .
tr	NN	" How great is this challenge ? "
tr	NNS	" The salt mines are near here .
tr	NN	The roar of the engine had her heart racing .
tr	NNS	The printed letters were no doubt from a feminine hand .
tr	NN	Beck , big , bulky , blue-gray .
tr	NN	Julia 's declaration came as a surprise .
tr	NN	A busy schedule kept my mind off Dorian ( mostly ) and what was transpiring in the Otherworld .
tr	NNS	" The captains will wonder why you 're sending them messages .
tr	NN	This undertaking came to him as a moment of revelation , during in deep meditation called the Word .
tr	NN	" A rebel angel among rebel angels ? "
tr	NN	With his resources , the senator would be able to discover all of the secrets that the Para Unit possessed .
tr	NNS	Lots of local jurisdictions , California included , didn 't want citizens - even those with super powers - taking the law into their own hands .
tr	NN	The healer crouched beside her , already removing tools from a black case .
tr	NN	" Got her , " the shooter said with deadly satisfaction .
tr	NNS	Strangers don 't get free rein here . "
tr	NNS	Lots of people have .
tr	NNS	But now the memories came flowing back , these strands were almost identical to the ones that once covered his head .
tr	NN	The old angel stepped up to them , stalling their departure .
tr	NN	' If you wouldn 't mind , ' Love said .
tr	NN	A strong Rus colony on the river would provide both a refuge and a base for operations .
tr	NNS	" You are my kind of woman , " the nameless warriors winks with one eyelid then the other at me when I giggle .
tr	NNS	But a full B or B + would be nice .
tr	NN	An earlier exploration of the castle had revealed a small door in the kitchen that led to a large garden surrounded by a high stone wall .
tr	NNS	The sails rippled and the beam shifted for a moment before returning to its original position .
tr	NNS	Two Kingdoms in Europe had enough power to easily defeat Cromwell 's England .
tr	NN	Sure enough , the angel stood not ten yards away before him .
tr	NNS	" Unfortunately my functions are limited .
tr	NN	There 's another shelf next to me holding a mountain of books ; everything covered in a thick layer of dust .
tr	NNS	Screams Ares turning to flame and shooting into the sky disappearing from sight .
tr	NNS	And sometimes , my instincts are short on patience . "
tr	NNS	The saints knew that she had tried hard enough .
tr	NNS	The rats had returned .
tr	NN	There was still a gleam in his eyes that said he was anticipating the unexpected .
tr	NN	If a seasoned warrior were to attack a. . .
tr	NN	And all I made out was a dark shadow race past my eyes .
tr	NNS	Her attempts to rid me of her daughter 's life were only pissing me off more .
tr	NNS	Their mutual accusations Made a list both dark and long ; And each could well of insult tell , And individual wrong .
tr	NN	" There was a complication in the launch . "
tr	NNS	The designs were much like those on the quilt .
tr	NN	There was a click ; the door opened and he slipped through .
tr	NN	Just do me a favor .
tr	NNS	And why do bars give away peanuts and pretzels ? "
tr	NNS	His protective instincts were on overdrive , and he never wanted to let her out of his sight again .
tr	NN	The recording held the truth .
tr	NN	" Elec ... wait , " his uncle declared .
tr	NNS	" There are thousands of fighters outside !
tr	NN	Thankfully , a deputy in uniform was standing next to the plump waitress .
tr	NNS	On it , soap-opera characters were emoting to one another with mute intensity .
tr	NN	The race isn 't big enough for all of us . "
tr	NN	The carpet felt gritty under my bare feet , like it hadn 't seen a vacuum in a while .
tr	NNS	She could hear the loss in his tone , sense the tightness in his posture .
tr	NNS	" Cat 's hot appetizers are so good .
tr	NNS	The Jets had consulted the map and decided that if the chest was too heavy to fly far , they would transport it to Angel Island .
tr	NNS	These images were almost beyond control .
tr	NN	The vodka gave him a wide variety of exotic drinks that he could make with the light liquor .
tr	NNS	Things would be easier if that were the case .
tr	NNS	The guardians sat near the front , while I occupied a cushy seat in the back , with my feet propped up on a large table .
tr	NNS	Their supplies are getting more and more expensive , and they can 't buy what they need with what they 've been allotted .
tr	NN	Silver , on the other hand , might be useful .
tr	NN	Her grandma shrugs and makes a few noncommittal gestures .
tr	NNS	The gates are right in front of us , not thirty yards away . "
tr	NNS	Reyes sat in front of the hearth , his fingers drumming on the arm of his chair .
tr	NNS	As Olga clicked away , images of strange looking creatures embracing past presidents and celebrities passed over him .
tr	NNS	Screams , the smell of bubble gum , and Andy Burke falls to the floor .
tr	NN	The second Lycan who had guarded Arno was in the shelter , although his partner wasn 't .
tr	NN	Jace 's unicorn stood before them , dancing and snorting in excitement , urging them both to follow .
tr	NN	" What was the big weakness you discovered ?
tr	NN	The murderer threw her cloak to his friend .
tr	NN	Now ' t is time for me to go forward .
tr	NNS	Female werewolves weren 't as rare as female vampires , but the males outnumbered them six to one , at least .
tr	NN	The cold dread deepened as it spread throughout his body .
tr	NNS	That night , after you got back with Call and Archer , the other Council members came to my room .
tr	NN	A rather dashing whipped cream mustache it was , but I handed him one of my extra napkins .
tr	NNS	Immortals also gained incredible night vision so that they could hunt at night and avoid the damaging rays of the sun during daylight . "
tr	NN	The bullet had ricocheted through Cullen 's body , causing tremendous damage .
tr	NN	Sarah 's belly felt like it was full to bursting .
tr	NN	Her butt slid to the side while her legs remained tangled , her torso draped over his .
tr	NNS	Tris crouches on the ground inside , shoulder to shoulder with Christina and diagonal from Cara .
tr	NN	" And yes , before I forget to announce , our final exam for Hematology Class will be tomorrow .
tr	NNS	Gramps reaches forward and hugs me , his body shaking as he cries into my shoulder .
tr	NN	Another blood exchange , just like in the cave . "
tr	NN	" Your uncle was brave to come here and try to establish himself , but he chose the wrong time .
tr	NNS	That creature Achilles would be parading through the camp right now .
tr	NN	The tank came to a halt as Dollop stood still .
tr	NN	In capitalism , the conflict is between the needs of governments to protect their local economies and the needs of capitalists to have open unprotected markets .
tr	NN	He should make a full recovery , " the surgeon reported .
tr	NNS	She stared , mesmerised by the identical shopping lists and the weight of all they contained .
tr	NNS	The buddies shared a look that promised violence if they found the person responsible for leaking classified information .
tr	NN	There was another footman in the room , of course , and the butler lurked somewhere about .
tr	NN	" So this bastard fed you bull about me .
tr	NN	The bullet hit the big man in the lower right side and , from the angle fired , traveled upward , and exited beside the collarbone .
tr	NN	Graham 's growl vibrated the window behind her .
tr	NN	You ' l have to keep up . "
tr	NN	No matter how paltry , the beacon offered some hope .
tr	NNS	The images really crystallized for the security council the republic 's concerns .
tr	NN	Storm tramped his way into the living room that moment , carrying the big and heavy book that he had just stolen .
tr	NNS	Aris again closed in on her .
tr	NNS	Hath reeds knocked against thee ?
tr	NNS	Up ahead , only distant taillights were visible , and the road seemed to split the world in two .
tr	NN	Mary-Kate 's shapely brows formed a V. " What are you talking about ? "
tr	NN	Any vicious growling would have sounded like eerie , dry whispers .
tr	NN	She claims ' t is normal and she is fine , but ... " Balan placed a hand on his friend 's shoulder and nodded .
tr	NN	The last injection had killed him .
tr	NN	A growl escaped as I called her name .
tr	NNS	Festive torches lit up the entrance and lined both sides of the long driveway .
tr	NN	Though I thought impossible , my pulse quickens even further .
tr	NN	Her grandmother used to drag her away from the city during the summers in an effort to get her away from the riffraff .
tr	NNS	" Things are fine here . "
tr	NNS	" The fellas we 're replacing were responsible for keeping the floors clean . "
tr	NNS	Sleeping quarters were cramped , but comfortable .
tr	NN	And that sliver informed her that she was making the right decision .
tr	NNS	" The suits don 't change anything ! "
tr	NNS	Blowing kisses in her ear , are yeh ?
tr	NNS	" Some ghosts are not good ; some are bad . "
tr	NNS	Huge planes unloading cargo filled every corner of the tiny airport .
tr	NN	A tap at her window made her raise her head to peer out at Cale .
tr	NNS	Our slow complex preparations protect the caster by channelling the magic through the spell rather than the sorcerer , or sorceress , themselves .
tr	NN	The tender and Teleport were both bouncing .
tr	NN	In the depth of the jungle was a clearing with a little man-made waterfall that was no more than five foot high .
tr	NN	" This homicidal maniac will make mincemeat of Aria ! "
tr	NNS	There were no roads leading north or east from here .
tr	NNS	For years now , your mother 's Guardians have been working with Blake , and they may believe you are no exception . "
tr	NNS	The runes on the sheath and hilt glowed faintly in the moonlight .
tr	NNS	Sometimes pawns have to be sacrificed for the game . "
tr	NN	There was a twang in the wall and I felt the grate next to me shift downward an inch before stopping .
tr	NN	In the middle of the room , her secretary sat gazing at a computer screen .
tr	NNS	Loud booms sounded in the air as I turned my attention to the sky .
tr	NN	" I think , " Deuce drew out hesitantly , " ' function ' is perhaps too strong a word . "
tr	NN	Her loyalty and love for me was always a source of astonishment .
tr	NN	The spongy mesh immediately gives way and I begin to plummet .
tr	NN	Soon , her belly tightened , her sex clenched , and her sounds intensified .
tr	NNS	There are no signs of business establishments , industrial areas - " " We are a farming community entirely .
tr	NNS	My equations didn 't wield any answers .
tr	NNS	Her kisses were heaven , damn it .
tr	NNS	Words were failing me .
tr	NNS	Indeed some locations marked here were missing completely from Aiden 's one .
tr	NNS	Demetrius complained about the wind and the cold .
tr	NNS	The orange creatures were beyond intelligent , more so than humans in most ways .
tr	NNS	The ladies would be joining the men the next day hunting and both were excited about the opportunity .
tr	NNS	Given the division of labor , his dancers had plenty of space , while the men waited for the showers .
tr	NNS	But priorities had a way of changing .
tr	NNS	The fireworks were ... He 's so tender and ... He just takes my breath away . "
tr	NN	Yet as she rounded the curve of a low hill , a red heap swept into the light .
tr	NNS	At least those cookies had fiber in them .
tr	NN	" Your master is coming here ? "
tr	NN	The migraine 's bothering her . "
tr	NN	The jar contains a few sugar cubes .
tr	NNS	Our members favored different " W 's . "
tr	NNS	Words are like seeds , I think , planted into our hearts at a tender age .
tr	NNS	Certain high frequencies will agitate them to the point of aggression . "
tr	NN	The jungle started spinning around me and I saw nothing but madness in the never-ending trees , faces made out of foliage , darkness in the limbs .
tr	NN	she asked , a sharp gleam in her eye like she had a plan .
tr	NN	The priest had been upset and reluctant to accept it as a vow , and Cullen had begun to lose patience with the man .
tr	NN	My favorite healer took one look at the black and blue swollen mess and declared it was time for me to heal myself .
tr	NN	The punk was cursing me up and down , and was threatening to cut me if I didn 't give him his money back .
tr	NN	" You ingested over half a damn canister , " said the senior medic .
tr	NNS	Sentinels don 't kill Caretakers .
tr	NN	Love , of al eccentricities among the supernatural set , was the most embarrassing and the least talked about or expected .
tr	NN	In spite of herself , and everything else , the tiniest seed of sympathy for the devil sprouted within her .
tr	NN	A pattern emerged in the cancellations .
tr	NNS	Melinda 's nostrils flared and her eyes began to tear up again .
tr	NNS	Images came to her hard , hammered her self-control .
tr	NNS	His foot lands on the brake and the car crunches to a stop .
tr	NNS	His blonde locks remained buoyant yet singed at the ends .
tr	NNS	Words just don 't seem to be enough .
tr	NN	Any venue that conducts activities more extreme is not going to be found in such an ... open location .
tr	NN	" There is a big troll asking after you .
tr	NN	But there was still an innocence there I hadn 't expected .
tr	NN	Nina 's bulldog determination was going to get the best of her some day ... Seth just hoped that some day wouldn 't be today .
tr	NNS	Two loud splashes followed as they were thrown overboard to give chase .
tr	NNS	" So how are the experiments coming along ? "
tr	NN	Part of the reason was simple : to escape .
tr	NN	Luckily the arrival of their dinner gave Delilah a reprieve from the doom looming over their conversation .
tr	NN	A wise precaution , I thought .
tr	NNS	Others I do not .
tr	NN	The vicar , who was far from amused , sat stiffly in his chair with the sheet of paper still in his mouth .
tr	NNS	Endless rows of corn shifted in a gentle breeze beneath the midday sun .
tr	NN	Without being asked , Jazz got on her hands and knees and fished the gun out from under the car .
tr	NN	A miniature gong sat on the table between them .
tr	NNS	Automatically , the bars closed behind him .
tr	NN	The video was there to stay - forever , I was one click away from turning into an E Hollywood story .
tr	NNS	Strangers sometimes asked , though .
tr	NNS	The seamstress said it will be ready next week . "
tr	NNS	Once it was taken out , our fast attack crafts will take care of the rest of the members of the group .
tr	NNS	Reyes wasn 't sure if that was a blessing or a curse .
tr	NNS	" So the cameras need to be here in case someone tries to steal the cameras ?
tr	NNS	Her vital signs on the monitor spiked again .
tr	NN	The transition back to her two-legged body happened swiftly as the salt water was wiped off .
tr	NNS	In reality , temperatures could drop below freezing before he 'd be affected .
tr	NN	Even the temporary pond was similar .
tr	NN	The early morning stir of the waking camp was a needed distraction .
tr	NN	" It 's in my quarters , " stammered the first mate , now with a knife pressed to his throat for added persuasion .
tr	NNS	Others considered her simply to be no threat -- of little consequence .
tr	NNS	The undead creatures fell in droves under the holy outbreak , simply melting or reduced to ash right before the eyes of the Paladins .
tr	NN	Oh , That My Love Were in My Arms , And I in My Bed , Again .
tr	NNS	The worms had turned a sickly gray from the preservatives .
tr	NN	The dean came on the line immediately after her husband 's startled , " Jesus Christ ! "
tr	NN	Once injected , the coke would take around fifteen seconds to begin to take effect .
tr	NNS	The dimpled ceiling 's rows of fluorescent lights made him squint , triggering a dull thud to begin pulsating behind his eyes .
tr	NN	The government has been cleaning the city for weeks to make a good impression . "
tr	NNS	" Yes , your credentials are heavy in research and mathematics .
tr	NN	As he dropped his head against her uninjured shoulder , his thrusts became irregular , soul searing and deep .
tr	NN	The idiot searched through the cupboards and boxes in the trailer , making more mess .
tr	NN	Thankful y , today was Kain 's off day .
tr	NN	The backdrop of the bright blue sky mirrors the water and blinds the hell out of my eyes .
tr	NNS	The three remaining were two middle aged men and a young girl .
tr	NN	On a corner of the table sat a new laptop .
tr	NN	It was my father 's last secret , the last thing Jared had tried to keep from hurting me .
tr	NN	The staircase was narrow and dusty , the carpet worn through in several places .
tr	NNS	Werewolves are useless and -- " The triplets pounced on Byron before he could finish his sentence and knocked him to the ground .
tr	NNS	Rufus pressed against her for a head rub .
tr	NNS	The new members show promise , but they haven 't built up enough recognition to fight in higher level matches . "
tr	NN	The hunter was loose .
tr	NN	Love is everything . "
tr	NN	Her bra was a lacy dusky rose , lovingly cupping her full breasts .
tr	NNS	Some facts , at least , seemed straightforward .
tr	NN	A well-balanced personality might well make use of all four .
tr	NN	" The farther I am from your company , the more clearly I see you in my mind . "
tr	NN	I 'm perched precariously on the side of the bath , pot covered with a plastic bin bag , trying not to get it wet .
tr	NN	One fast strike and a flame lit up .
tr	NNS	Four pairs of panicked eyes were all stalking me slowly .
tr	NNS	Things were a little different now , but maybe not by much .
tr	NNS	Flames danced around my fingertips .
tr	NN	The large policeman came over to the car .
tr	NNS	" Where are the contents of the case now ? "
tr	NN	The jab hits its mark .
tr	NNS	Images appeared in the water of my paintings , my apartment , my friends .
tr	NNS	" From what I read , if a crime is not solved within the first forty-eight hours , the chances of doing so drop .
tr	NN	A shooting amber just landed on the back porch . "
tr	NN	The bastard actually hung up on him .
tr	NNS	Her judgemental actions had ripped my heart out , and I cursed myself for getting involved .
tr	NN	Still , there was this six-month engagement she was insisting on .
tr	NNS	Images of flowing black robes crept into my unwilling mind , and I flinched away from them .
tr	NN	But the trick is in knowing the rules and most humans are unaware of the rules through their own choice to be ignorant .
tr	NN	Link cal ed from the darkness .
tr	NNS	Both decks were missing their one-eyed kings , because we 'd decided the cards held secret codes and deserved saving .
tr	NN	The sergeant drew his dagger and slit the woman 's throat .
tr	NNS	" Anyway , my servants broke this one for me .
tr	NN	There was even a slight sheen of perspiration on his forehead indicating that his fever had gone up again .
tr	NN	There was a glint in her eye that he 'd never seen before .
tr	NN	Since he no longer processed oxygen the same way he used to , a lack of blood supply didn 't really phase him .
tr	NN	" What 's the progress of the Trojans ? "
tr	NN	This shrink doesn 't seem to give that good advice .
tr	NN	There was no reasoning with Dennis then .
tr	NN	" No , Tabby , the cape stays on . "
tr	NNS	By late morning , peaks rose up on her right , and she steered toward them .
tr	NNS	I noticed all the mean wives staring at Matteo , their jaws agape at the sight of him .
tr	NN	Your core belongs to a very old clan .
tr	NNS	A few warriors kept watch over the tribe throughout the night .
tr	NNS	His fleeing sandals pounded on the sand .
tr	NN	The government is closing in .
tr	NNS	The flat lands glistened green and lush .
tr	NNS	Alexis in particular , seemed bewildered to say the least .
tr	NNS	The jewels and gold on their costumes weighed them down .
tr	NNS	There were far more Carpathian cells attached to her cells now than there had been prior to their last exchange .
tr	NNS	The invaders didn 't invent death .
tr	NN	" Surprise me , " the leader retorted .
tr	NN	One option was to put it into the lake .
tr	NNS	Not even a spark could escape it .
tr	NN	Her seduction would be the sweetest mission he 'd ever undertaken .
tr	NN	Open your ears , my darling ; listen to their prayers ; listen to the silence of those who 've learned to pray for nothing .
tr	NN	The duke was ambitious , but certainly not a threat to the castle or its inhabitants .
tr	NNS	There 's a bookmark almost three-quarters of the way through .
tr	NNS	Her fears have nearly turned unmanageable .
tr	NN	The werewolf met the undead in midair , the two slamming together , the wolf driving the vampire backward with the force of her forward momentum .
tr	NNS	In fact the signs were that he was pulling away , but they couldn 't speed up without leaving themselves vulnerable to ambush .
tr	NNS	Others sat at tables and booths where they were playing cards and eating while others were playing pool or just lounging .
tr	NN	A routine he 'd perfected during his time in the military .
tr	NNS	The images showed blacked scoring along metal all round the loading dock door and some of the higher beams inside .
tr	NNS	Diggs and I stood in the entryway squinting as our eyes adjusted to the dim room .
tr	NN	The researcher lifted a stylus and drew a line on the computer screen .
tr	NN	The herald stood on a stand and raised his hands .
tr	NN	But then ... there was Brand .
tr	NNS	But Raphael 's caresses came as slowly as the tide ; his kisses washing over her body relaxing her and transporting her far from the city .
tr	NN	Sure enough , the patient 's condition was worsening .
tr	NNS	" There are still supplies there , and it 's unguarded .
tr	NNS	Cars that normally sped by on the way to work rested quietly in their garages .
tr	NNS	The raindrops were starting to come .
tr	NNS	The suspects needed to be grabbed beforehand .
tr	NN	The van pulled away and turned towards him .
tr	NNS	No promises , no entanglements , and he 'd sleep hard in reward .
tr	NNS	Their meetings were primarily information swapping sessions , but occasionally they shared parts of their personal lives .
tr	NNS	Cael tensed , holding the cross so tightly the edges dug into his palm .
tr	NN	A torrent of foreign words tells him to move .
tr	NN	The terminal had caught fire and slowly collapsed to the ground , so we didn 't head back in that direction .
tr	NN	The cabbie 's baritone cut through my dazed preoccupation , and I realized we 'd already gone two blocks .
tr	NN	" My footman , " Rebecca said , and sailed from the room .
tr	NN	" Sister , I wrote the language , " the leader protested .
tr	NN	" Simple , " said the folding man .
tr	NN	" Ellie , " said the secretary , looking up from her desk .
tr	NNS	Words couldn 't have possibly described how much I loved him in that moment .
tr	NNS	The roads are not so safe as they once were . "
tr	NN	A chuckle echoed through the church .
tr	NN	Thinking of the old stories reminded her of the Prophecy , and of the Sibling .
tr	NN	The elaborate gown and veil could wait for the April ceremony .
tr	NN	Your werewolf friend ? "
tr	NN	The celebration lasted all night , Fionn there celebrating right along with the Shifters .
tr	NNS	" The binoculars , " she said louder .
tr	NNS	The fireworks continued to go off behind them , the sound of their boom vibrating through both of them .
tr	NNS	There are many footsteps in the dirt .
tr	NNS	Questions came at him like exploding rockets .
tr	NN	The tool bag nearly unbalanced him as he whipped around the curve , a thrust from his powerful new leg kept him steady .
tr	NN	That little altercation in the elevator made him change his mind .
tr	NNS	My face booms as I walk all around the house , the first floor .
tr	NN	Luckily , there wasn 't any more pounding .
tr	NN	Part of me was glad that I 'd had to fend for myself for so long .
tr	NN	The last command remained etched behind his eyes .
tr	NN	Her grandmother would already be making pancakes and sausages for them , and an egg white omelet for Melissa .
tr	NN	The tin kept the champagne strangely cool , and the ham sandwiches cook had made were delicious .
tr	NNS	The travelers had now returned to 2066 .
tr	NNS	Suspicious to say the least .
tr	NN	Even as the thought filled her mind , there was a spark of guilt in her chest .
tr	NN	No conflict involved at all . "
tr	NNS	" Their abilities don 't strike them or those around them as unusual unless they are extremely powerful . "
tr	NN	He final y shook his head and started walking again .
tr	NN	A loud sob brought Claire back to the present .
tr	NNS	The colorful signs advertised everything from condo developments to long-distance calling plans .
tr	NNS	A child lands at his feet , dumps a mound of building blocks on the carpet , and begins to play .
tr	NNS	The chill dampness trickled down my neck , and my teeth chattered .
tr	NNS	Thoughts flashed through Mom 's head so quickly it was hard to see , and she was fighting against her maternal instinct .
tr	NN	Contingent upon this , production of the lesser aspects of the chambers has already begun , minus if you pardon the pun , the plumbing .
tr	NN	The global sensor network reported a massive amount of data seemingly about every aspect of life on earth .
tr	NNS	Some fifty feet below , the blades of a horizontal fan rotated lazily , drawing air down from the surface .
tr	NN	The tail of the snake then stuck out of the hole .
tr	NNS	" So let it be recorded , " the members of the council repeated in unison .
tr	NN	After thrashing through the air , his dragon decided to respond with a gust of fire that ranged the surface of the ice dragon 's blue scales .
tr	NNS	Liam looked down at the floor and nodded , his hopes crushed .
tr	NNS	The devastating effects from each shell made up for the lack of quantity .
tr	NN	Of her mouth sliding over his chest , his belly , edging lower until he thought he 'd go out of his mind .
tr	NNS	The sobs behind the closed door stopped .
tr	NNS	Girls and boys sat side by side , dressed the same , ate the same food , joked about the same subjects .
tr	NNS	Nerves have tightened my throat , making finishing it impossible , but there 's no way I 'm trashing it .
tr	NN	" There is no secret donor , darlin ' .
tr	NN	There was an air traffic controllers ' strike .
tr	NN	However , her goal is not to ' measure time ' on your planet , but rather to track chronological phenomena there . "
tr	NN	Before he could speak , a rustle drew his attention back to the woods .
tr	NN	The receptionist had heard everything too but didn 't stop filing her nails .
tr	NNS	The creatures pulled out their weapons and began to attack .
tr	NNS	Sometimes our instincts are better than we give them credit for .
tr	NN	The dwarf nodded , and muttered , " Yeah . "
tr	NN	Eve 's announcement made Joe hers , whether he felt the same or not .
tr	NNS	Ever since the brownies mended his racket , his shots have more zip .
tr	NNS	The vamps could more than take care of themselves , unless things got much , much worse .
tr	NNS	Things should have thinned out some by now if we 're lucky . "
tr	NNS	For the past two sols , the batteries have taken longer to recharge .
tr	NN	According to the confidential source , the surprise witness came forward of his ( or her ) own volition and volunteered to testify at the hearings .
tr	NNS	Top hats were common among the boys and so were frock coats and scarves .
tr	NNS	Things would be much worse now .
tr	NNS	Squires showed up one-day fresh out of the Air Force .
tr	NNS	There were registers and computers and thick paper manuals .
tr	NN	In his hand was a doll in sparkly pink frills whose hair had long ago been brushed into an unmanageable snarl .
tr	NN	Easing down , the lieutenant grabbed a bit of mud into his fingers , rubbing through it .
tr	NNS	Things like my birth mother .
tr	NNS	I felt loath to enter , mainly because the space seemed to be unfinished , boards laid in a lattice across visible insulation .
tr	NNS	These wins were why Darren had chosen this over a corporate life .
tr	NNS	" My cousins have moved around so much I 've lost track of them . "
tr	NN	The bachelor , Robert , turned out to be a nice guy , who apparently was totally whipped by his fiance .
tr	NN	The suffering , it 's ... " " Would you play God , Isaacson ?
tr	NN	The dragon shrunk to the size of a lizard , releasing Nevaeh along the way .
tr	NN	" So the coast is clear , huh ? "
tr	NN	" Where is this maniac ? "
tr	NNS	Things are getting worse . '
tr	NN	He sighed and disclaimed , made his introduction and his bow .
tr	NN	the maid asks once we are alone .
tr	NN	The hauled off all of my things and I limped back through the house to the living room .
tr	NNS	But all the Hall Aviation planes were still there .
tr	NN	' No , but I 'm surprised that a sergeant should die without money to share out .
tr	NNS	The cousins replied in unison .
tr	NNS	The warriors had protected the young and old , now things were returning to normal .
tr	NN	A huge television , flanked by fifteen smaller screens , dominated one corner .
tr	NNS	" Things like ' back off ' and ' you don 't know who you 're taking on ' ... " Her voice trailed away .
tr	NNS	Doors opened , and Sasha got to her feet , hoping there was something she could do .
tr	NNS	Then his eyelids fell shut , and with that smile still upon his face , he sagged within her coils , unconscious .
tr	NN	The idiot was opening his mouth to call out to the person at the door .
tr	NN	Her pulse beat faster as she answered his unspoken question by placing her hand inside his .
tr	NNS	Two rats scurried over a discarded chip bag and a stray purple ribbon before disappearing into the tunnel .
tr	NNS	Lights were on in a few other houses with people peeking out , but their expressions were blank .
tr	NNS	There was nothing menacing in this extraordinary and rather formal figure .
tr	NN	My grandmother used melted lead , and she said her grandmother used melted silver , but she told me wax would do . "
tr	NN	A stab of lust shot to his groin , and he shifted in his chair .
tr	NNS	Forgotten goggles meant a spray of metal and plastic shards could blind you .
tr	NN	" Ship and crew are on station , all systems are nominal , and we are free and clear to navigate .
tr	NNS	Flames licked up , popped and cracked , glowing warm against our faces as the fire grew higher , stretching for the sky .
tr	NNS	the two eldest asked in unison .
tr	NN	The declaration came from somewhere deep inside him , somewhere out of his control .
tr	NNS	One of the stairwell barricades was broken and scarred , the boards pulled free .
tr	NNS	Her tits were practically falling out of a bra that was clearly too small for her .
tr	NN	There was a sudden rap at the door which made both of them jump .
tr	NNS	The flyers announced a meeting at the Church hall tomorrow night , to discuss the recent tragedies and to understand the course of action being taken .
tr	NNS	Waves of need began to build inside her again .
tr	NN	Her improved status from labourer 's widow to headmaster 's wife seemed to satisfy her completely .
tr	NN	The government funded the research as a way of controlling the population .
tr	NN	Ponytail 's cameraman was the bravest of the bunch ; he walked right up to the piano and , still shooting , flipped open the keyboard cover .
tr	NNS	Heart attack , the authorities said .
tr	NN	The bounty hunter goes to work .
tr	NNS	The countess secured the gate .
tr	NN	the redhead murmured in a clear pout .
tr	NN	Only the ship 's incredible momentum continued to send it ploughing across waves that were increasingly solid .
tr	NNS	Things are really heating up on this story .
tr	NN	" Calling Primer this is Seaside base , " radioed the operator .
tr	NNS	The rods were twice the length of an adult hand .
tr	NN	An unexpected thrill of power raced through her as she gazed down at the compelling man beneath her .
tr	NNS	" Like what moral technicality ? "
tr	NNS	Fraternal twins generally look different and many times aren 't even the same gender . "
tr	NNS	The other scrambled up parts of Prince Jake were the three dwarves , stay at home robot " Regent Ted " and Jake 's own ears !
tr	NN	The scar looked unusually menacing ; the darkness in it flowing like hot tar .
tr	NNS	Jewels and money would turn Catherine off .
tr	NN	Both ape and centaur scrambled hastily to dodge their toppling foe 's trajectory .
tr	NN	The oracle had seen a way they could succeed .
tr	NNS	Then the soft pillows of his lips hummed in concert against mine .
tr	NN	The knight let them howl and carry on a few moments before holding up his hand for silence .
tr	NNS	" There 're some underground tunnels in Houston .
tr	NN	her grandmother shouted from the foot of the stairs .
tr	NN	And his hunger grew .
tr	NNS	" And the supplies would last until you got back to Earth ? "
tr	NN	Such rebellion against our Master cannot come without a price . "
tr	NN	The pilot readjusted his position to center himself behind the long control rods and waited for the tank to fill .
tr	NN	Only this prison can contain him ; he should never be released . '
tr	NN	Reality was behind the black curtain .
tr	NNS	Human trappings were nothing more than a narrow view of communication .
tr	NN	The difficulty is in getting out . "
tr	NNS	The streetlights glowed above his head .
tr	NNS	" Some actions are worth the trouble they bring . "
tr	NNS	Only two nations resisted .
tr	NN	With the car turned off , condensation had crept over the windows once again , and she wiped at the glass with a gloved hand .
tr	NNS	Those hotels and condos were just too expensive for Don and me to afford .
tr	NN	How did this factor in the equation other than he had her brain in knots ?
tr	NN	" This limb wouldn 't have lived much longer anyway .
tr	NNS	Excited shouts came from below where the police must have found the demon drop treats .
tr	NNS	Eventually , all the spies in the palace joined in the search for me .
tr	NN	Her appetite had disappeared yesterday , but now she couldn 't stop eating .
tr	NNS	Kiev 's actions violate this fundamental understanding .
tr	NNS	Looks like he gave her two million up front for the job , probably with another , similar payment to come once it was done .
tr	NN	A TV sat on the table but there was nothing worth watching .
tr	NN	The discovery of oil had only made things worse for the tribes .
tr	NN	The television will only take sports , so no one can complain about what 's on the television . "
tr	NNS	Six lifetimes of penance your father served for his treatment of you .
tr	NN	Nausea twisted in my stomach .
tr	NNS	Now there are campers who bring gourmet food on a canoe trip .
tr	NN	The phoenix has sanctioned them .
tr	NNS	The new surroundings kept Kara curious enough she strained her eyes open despite the brightness .
tr	NNS	" Any ideas Bill ? "
tr	NNS	The next enticement is the spicy tang from the speakers , drums and jeers bounce out from every corner of the velvet clad chamber .
tr	NNS	The deaths exist in my mind as a string of meaningless equations , and I stand frozen , unable to solve them .
tr	NN	Every studio had a library , a research department , a casting department , a set department , a cinematography department , and a business department .
tr	NNS	A tightness rose in her throat , and she fought it off , plowing onward .
tr	NNS	Sometimes , female wolves like to see that they can be taken care of .
tr	NN	The bullet that struck his brain affected his short-term memory , and an hour later , he doesn 't remember having the conversation .
tr	NN	" I do mean the highest , " the vendor said .
tr	NNS	If the gods grant me victory , the goblins may release us .
tr	NNS	Families mingled with loved ones , saying good-bye .
tr	NNS	The footsteps as a few escaped him .
tr	NN	" Where is your master anyway ? "
tr	NN	The van crashes into pot holes and struggles for grip as the road gradient increases toward the higher ground .
tr	NNS	Unlike mortals , creatures of the damned did not fight all at once .
tr	NN	As though to punctuate his indictment , the doorknob twitched .
tr	NN	But I ' l feel better if you 're far away from here . "
tr	NNS	The fumes swirled around the dark room , mixing with the stench of rotted flesh .
tr	NN	" Oh , this is Sy Murdoch , " the medic said .
tr	NN	" This idiot here let them get away . "
tr	NN	Love strolled back to his seat and sat down .
tr	NNS	Questions Olivia angrily , moving closer to the girl with clenched fists .
tr	NN	And there was enough uncertainty in Malcolm 's voice to tell Sebastian he 'd noticed the changes .
tr	NNS	There were murmurs of assent all around .
tr	NN	Her friend 's scowl deepened .
tr	NN	A trio of crows grated to one another in the pines , and a hawk carved a lazy spiral against the sky .
tr	NNS	The areas they want protected have armed guards , which hopefully you can slip past . "
tr	NN	The cream-colored velvet gown clung lovingly to each curve , outlining a figure so perfect as to make other women weep .
tr	NN	Her clothing , especially her hat , were just sufficiently extreme to make it more than a rhetorical question .
tr	NNS	My instincts keep telling me to run .
tr	NNS	' Things must have gone better than we 'd anticipated . ' '
tr	NNS	Real mermaids like me , but I couldn 't talk to them .
tr	NNS	There were footprints , as well , but it was impossible to tell whose or how many .
tr	NNS	Hephaestus blinked and finally managed to see where he was .
tr	NN	" Headquarters didn 't say how long you 'd be gone for , but I think it 's a quick trip .
tr	NN	The murderer had cheated me out of throttling the whereabouts of Jane from Horne 's throat .
tr	NNS	The images slipped into her mind unfiltered .
tr	NNS	Our warriors prefer a blade that will bend rather than break .
tr	NN	Her squealing stopped , turning into a guttural moan .
tr	NN	The sub had to have been on station in the Indian Ocean , more likely the Arabian Sea itself . "
tr	NNS	The fears that grow in the dark .
tr	NN	You over there , bring me this tube you are using to carry food . "
tr	NNS	Reyes would have to maintain command .
tr	NN	The guilt of that moment would always haunt him .
tr	NNS	" Yeah , but the actors who play them in the movies are still so rich .
tr	NN	Keep yer eye on the prize , " the captain yelled .
tr	NNS	" The differences between inductive and deductive reasoning , " Lily answered .
tr	NNS	Malcolm 's claims were merely an excuse , a way to garner sympathy . "
tr	NN	My lack of gumball machine skills might 've given me away . "
tr	NNS	The red spots on her skin vanished even as he watched and the bruises he had become so accustomed to faded into a healthy skin tone .
tr	NN	The revenue alone from the attraction generated billions of dollars from not only citizens but tourists from all over the world .
tr	NNS	" There are forests in California . "
tr	NNS	Unless we get some fluids into her , vital organs are going to start failing soon . "
tr	NNS	Never Do Important Things While Drunk I dragged James out to the street .
tr	NN	There was no other explanation for the winding endless staircase .
tr	NNS	Chartres strolled up , Madame on his arm .
tr	NN	The agent seeks data on the functional relationships which derive from our common universe and which arise from interdependencies .
tr	NNS	My stomach roiled , the meager contents of the latte and croissant I ate this morning threatening to make a reappearance .
tr	NN	This announcement drew excited discussion rather than cheers .
tr	NN	The sand texture is hard , rough , but ya can fall on top of it , not get harmed . "
tr	NN	The trick is figuring out how to use that power . "
tr	NN	The dying lord was on his knees , clutching at his ruined chest in utter amazement .
tr	NNS	Original hard wood floors and crown molding .
tr	NNS	Screams and howls filled the air and the smell of blood filled my nose as I allowed my eyes to flutter closed .
tr	NNS	Both offers were unfair , unrealistic and undesirable .
tr	NN	A true gentleman was never vulgar to a lady .
tr	NNS	The colors , the feeling that comes howling through me as my mind expands .
tr	NN	The policeman leaned in at the window and asked Layla if she 'd been drinking .
tr	NNS	Looks like there 's something out there , through these mountains ... I just don 't know how we 're supposed to get through them . "
tr	NNS	In practice , though , these runes tend to produce an effect not unlike a strong demon poison .
tr	NN	Her momentum carried her beyond her housekeeper .
tr	NNS	The nurses came to understand that the words " visiting hours " did not apply to me .
tr	NNS	" Things always look better in the morning . "
tr	NN	A half-smile played around Valerie 's lips .
tr	NN	There was no escaping what had to be faced .
tr	NN	The hoof shot out a few more times , and the fence clattered down .
tr	NNS	Rufus opened the back of one of his wagons and inside were racks of swords , spears , shields , and suits of armour .
tr	NNS	Too many gangs had disappeared over the last several months , and the gangs knew it had something to do with him .
tr	NN	Ghost drained his first pint and signaled the barkeep for a refill .
tr	NN	No matter how afraid he was , the agony would be far less than if he was taken captive .
tr	NN	His new lord , Rafe , had given him one , and now it was time to claim it .
tr	NNS	The footsteps had quickened their paces .
tr	NN	A terrible clarity came to her .
tr	NNS	Agents were running along the length of it , and more were coming up behind them .
tr	NNS	Things like , that I could stay there with him if I wanted , and that none of this was my fault .
tr	NNS	Others would have set the whole ruined deck on fire and never flinched from what they considered duty .
tr	NN	The human race still has far to go and much to learn .
tr	NN	A great tail and wings sprouted from his back .
tr	NNS	The three apprentices began to chase the kami .
tr	NN	My cl * t began to pound with a steady hard throb that turned into all-consuming heat .
tr	NNS	Although the house looked well maintained , there was something eerie about it , as though it was abandoned .
tr	NN	The snake hissed menacingly and reared up ready to strike .
tr	NN	Those folk have got their stock before they start .
tr	NN	" Its way past dawn and you lot think you can lie about wanking in your hammocks !
tr	NN	The spunk seemed to have drained right out of her .
tr	NN	A noticeable gleam filled his eyes .
tr	NN	At the memory of her stricken , accusing face , the nausea rushed through him again .
tr	NNS	And the costumes are for a costume party . "
tr	NN	My uncle shot me a dark look and then continued .
tr	NN	The market wasn 't there .
tr	NN	The sergeant moves forward while his men take up positions behind him .
tr	NNS	My nostrils flare with a foul stench as we near to the doorway outside the room to where my father leads us .
tr	NN	Your own sin will eventually drag you down into the deepest hell as there is no good in you to lift you up . "
tr	NNS	The ghosts of the dead yes , but the spirits , gone forever .
tr	NNS	The dancers drifted off the floor to line the walls as the piano fell silent .
tr	NNS	The images she 'd begun to entertain of him called her a liar , but she knew nothing would come of their relationship .
tr	NNS	The other shifters would scatter and they 'd be someone else 's problem .
tr	NN	Part of the reason everyone wanted to come was because Chase would be there .
tr	NN	The insignia of the Vanguard Branch was on the front .
tr	NN	But some instinct told her to hang on to life as long as she could .
tr	NN	The goblin cackled , gold teeth flashing in the dim light .
tr	NNS	Things turned physical , and Sutton just ... fell .
tr	NN	A flutter went through my stomach at the casual reference to us seeing one another after this trip .
tr	NN	Chance had put in a call to the police department before they 'd left his office .
tr	NNS	" Yeah ... I couldn 't handle it if anything serious happened to you , " Ty whispers .
tr	NN	A mermaid made of blue stone reclined on a large shell in the center of the fountain .
tr	NN	His method worked as the young woman , who looked like a volunteer or a trainee , flipped through the pages of the appointment book .
tr	NN	Still , the determination in his eyes told me that he meant everything he had said .
tr	NN	Go on , the hunter whispered into my mind .
tr	NNS	" No strings attached ? "
tr	NNS	Such insulation would act like an insurance policy in case there were any sudden variations in temperature .
tr	NN	Lust would be a far more accurate description . "
tr	NNS	The floors were a simple concrete .
tr	NN	The last vacation he 'd taken was a disastrous trip back to Texas to see his family .
tr	NNS	Behind us , angry shouts ring out from the direction of Julie 's house .
tr	NN	For now , anonymity was probably better .
tr	NNS	The drops fall to the ground in big globs .
tr	NNS	I have seen gentle defenders , sadistic healers , creators of beauty scorned while craftsmen of destruction are worshiped . "
tr	NN	" The prophecy said the boy would be born under the king 's own shadow .
tr	NNS	The documents were grayed and fragile .
tr	NN	Her vacation was amazing , but she felt her heart expanding , her emotions getting too involved .
tr	NN	Hell , there 's even a legend about me up in the Port of Valour .
tr	NN	Behind the counter , a television is playing .
tr	NN	" If we go out the kitchen door , there 's a small courtyard , then the back side of another corner apartment unit .
tr	NN	" The prophecy also speaks of one lost .
tr	NN	The brunette took the lead then , hurrying to a well-appointed equipage and herding the other two inside .
tr	NNS	Actually , Michigan 's courts were quite infamous for destroying men 's lives .
tr	NNS	" There are small areas with bushes along the way .
tr	NN	" Storm took the baby ? "
tr	NN	The leader addressed them , the band at its throat pulsing with light .
tr	NNS	And the teachings were still evolving .
tr	NNS	Tiny bits of paper flickered to the floor like disinterested snow .
tr	NN	" Sí , " the elder priest confirmed , even as fear pricked the back of his neck .
tr	NNS	The characters almost calmly accept the spectral visitations , as though they were everyday occurrences .
tr	NNS	The torches that lit the guard tower threw shadows on the wall of the keep .
tr	NNS	He curses then tries again , this time pumping the gas .
tr	NN	The reflection that stared back was of an evil step-mother who ate her children .
tr	NNS	His thrusts were delicious and wicked .
tr	NN	" Where is my mate ? "
tr	NN	The scratch across his forehead had stopped bleeding already , and for a while he looked around desperately , before screaming " Stop , do not fire .
tr	NNS	My funds were running low again .
tr	NNS	The zombies began advancing on them .
tr	NNS	Others are waiting for her soldiers , who they know will ride in and save her .
tr	NNS	I stand to grab the plates , the bright spots of my day finally seeming worth mentioning .
tr	NNS	Her fans had turned on her ; some women even cried at the betrayal they felt .
tr	NNS	The creatures beat him backwards , towards the forest .
tr	NN	" The captain asked me to see if I could help you clarify it . "
tr	NN	Cassie lifted an eyebrow , his agility left her breathless with wonder .
tr	NN	Please , my lady , the lord came knocking on our door .
tr	NN	His chuckle made her want to claw his eyes out .
tr	NN	Connor 's birthday is in a few days and telling him he 's going to be a father will be the best present for him .
tr	NNS	The two grisly objects bobbed .
tr	NNS	Later his responsibilities grew as Garcia became considered part of the family .
tr	NNS	Images and charts started filling the screen above my head .
tr	NNS	The lovers weren 't going to get some romantic , happy ending .
tr	NNS	With a great clang and a shower of sparks , the two blades met in the air .
tr	NN	A heavy clay pot flew through the air from his left .
tr	NN	" Where is the space landing that we learned about in school ? "
tr	NNS	His eyelids fluttered , flirting with unconsciousness , but he managed to hold on .
tr	NN	" They have remarkable properties , these little tasty treats .
tr	NNS	Your leaders were wise , and chose to hide our existence .
tr	NN	No matter the praise from others , my father felt his life going to waste .
tr	NNS	Rapid footsteps echoed on the metal steps and faded in the distance .
tr	NN	The Hand stopped moving at Rhapsody 's words , then retreated back to the arm rest on the couch .
tr	NN	A spark of interest flickered in Trina 's eyes .
tr	NN	When he spoke , his accent wasn 't local .
tr	NNS	Looks like some things never change .
tr	NNS	The seas were rough .
tr	NNS	Soldiers streamed out of the hull , scrambling away seconds before the thing blew .
tr	NNS	Anyway , no worries , they are in no hurry .
tr	NNS	Aviator sunglasses reflected the sun , while hiding the man .
tr	NN	Thinking about the destruction her grandmother had wreaked around town made Lauren 's heart hurt .
tr	NN	There was an art to what Dorian did .
tr	NN	Elec went back to his desk and held aloft one of the mechanisms , an expertly crafted intertwining of gears and cogs .
tr	NN	Suddenly Charlotte 's nausea became a very real hazard , and she clutched her stomach in a vain attempt to still its roiling .
tr	NN	Part of me wanted to be happy for Mom , but the other part felt like I was betraying Dad .
tr	NN	In the fleet discipline was very simple , and it hadn 't seemed to him that Sheraton had really changed that much .
tr	NN	The stake fell to the floor , and so did Ryder .
tr	NN	The operator ran around the corner at the end of the street and disappeared .
tr	NN	No offense but I don 't believe your little horror story about the sharks .
tr	NNS	Alexis expected him to do just that .
tr	NN	The mermaid bounced over to our table .
tr	NN	All that mattered was getting away .
tr	NNS	The royal servants kept the line moving in efficient routine .
tr	NN	There was a consensus that no one speak to you .
tr	NN	Alyssa 's pulse quickened as soon as he said those words .
tr	NN	A thick , dark green carpet covered the floor .
tr	NNS	My kicks and blows failed to make any impression upon its sturdy panels .
tr	NN	But the torrent had not gone down .
tr	NN	When the guests are all aboard , the operator pulls down the metal gate and throws a lever .
tr	NNS	The warriors didn 't know about Black Crow or Evening Star .
tr	NNS	What do the movies know ?
tr	NN	" And now a fully operational factory , " said William .
tr	NNS	As such , our efforts are insignificant .
tr	NN	Then , when the cops got to her house , her momma said Jess had been with her all day and was in the shower .
tr	NN	The most vivid , most wildly colorful canvas there , the largest , was from Carlisle 's time in Italy .
tr	NN	Hailey slapped aside the web the Spider spit from her belly .
tr	NNS	Things went dead silent .
tr	NNS	Also my classes are all in one general area of the school .
tr	NNS	Elias cleared his throat and turned to Judson .
tr	NNS	Things got out of hand after that .
tr	NNS	So , his dear colleagues had booted him down here to work on mech bird designs -- of all things .
tr	NNS	Flames manifested all around the boy in a swirling tornado , charring everything in the hallway .
tr	NNS	Shouts followed and the glass knob rattled .
tr	NNS	Things that he could not only see and hear but feel .
tr	NN	Run fast and hard , the race is yours to win .
tr	NN	The notion of him carrying her was both frustrating and more than a bit exciting .
tr	NN	The ranch has always been a place for me to spend summers .
tr	NN	Taken in the early days , the photograph had captured her young and glowing , her nose pink from the sun .
tr	NN	His uncle lay prone in bed , his eyes active and alert as Sasha and the doctor drew closer .
tr	NN	The biggest TV I 'd ever seen hung on the wall , damn near the size of a theater screen .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , your agency leaks like a sieve and has proven time and again that its security is a liability ! "
tr	NNS	" Seventeen deaths didn 't matter .
tr	NN	That assessment came from Commander Pierce .
tr	NN	This time Faith was the one whose glance flitted from face to face .
tr	NN	It wouldn 't last , my instinct told me .
tr	NN	Every nerve ending in her body shouted cravings for the sweetness .
tr	NNS	Six Guardians and I struggle to stop them from forcing their way past .
tr	NNS	In the gentle rain , with the flickering night lights , the gorillas moved away , one by one .
tr	NN	And the bonus of a week in a five star country hotel paid for by Smith .
tr	NNS	Speculative murmurs rippled through the crowd .
tr	NN	The Dark Tower began , I think , because I inherited a ream of paper in the spring semester of my senior year in college .
tr	NN	The mental damage done would never heal so well as the scars on her skin would .
tr	NN	Her waking condition hasn 't changed very much .
tr	NN	" A gentleman never cheats , and it is a proven fact that a Haddington finds it impossible to cheat . "
tr	NNS	At that level , world governments become inevitable .
tr	NNS	My girlfriends are the second best thing to happen to me since I moved to the Napa Valley .
tr	NNS	Orders that had come from her brother , right after Pate had shot Duncan and dragged him out of her home .
tr	NNS	Burnett 's footsteps sounded in the cabin ; she heard him let out a sound of pure anguish .
tr	NN	A muted crash echoed against the rocks .
tr	NNS	There was fear behind her expressive depths .
tr	NN	But don 't worry , the coin is with me and I ain 't letting anyone have it . "
tr	NN	The notebook is something I compiled that has the right plants to eat and words of advice .
tr	NNS	Others never made their way back home .
tr	NNS	Other visitors clustered around the four podiums on either side of the entrance , piled high with catalogs that described the entire collection .
tr	NNS	Baseball fans like to say DiMaggio 's streak will never be equalled .
tr	NN	The fragrance of apples drifted along the soft breeze and he inhaled deeply , savoring the smell .
tr	NN	All that mattered was that His Majesty should not be offended .
tr	NNS	At least a hundred werewolves are dead , including Praetor Scott and Jordan Kyle .
tr	NNS	Romulus spat into the fireplace .
tr	NNS	Adam rises with Casey , pushes her protectively behind him as Ben jumps before Casey and Claire .
tr	NN	" The squad 's not quite the same without you . "
tr	NNS	These gorillas did not care why human beings were there , or what reasons had brought them to the Congo .
tr	NNS	The possible hits for the 18 year-old were more difficult to assess .
tr	NNS	Yet these curses did not seem intended to kill , more to take away reason and judgement .
tr	NNS	Chess required strategy , deliberation and the ability to forecast consequences , and he 'd transferred those cerebral skills into every aspect of his life .
tr	NN	" Enemy is not female ! "
tr	NNS	Families walked strollers and dogs up the sidewalks .
tr	NNS	" Why else would the zombies leave you there and focus on me ?
tr	NNS	The gates began to close slowly .
tr	NN	" When is your anniversary , Frances ? "
tr	NNS	The wetness that grew , my juices coating my lower lips .
tr	NN	The chaos and looting seized as curiosity settled in .
tr	NNS	The images from the television filled the room with moving light .
tr	NN	" Their leader is on the fortress of the third behemoth . "
tr	NNS	His own reservations about not involving public authorities made him sensitive to that .
tr	NN	The guilt makes me feel even less like eating .
tr	NN	A little sob escapes her as she shakes her head .
tr	NNS	The two members of the suicide team paused halfway down the stairs .
tr	NN	Luckily , the bullet had just grazed his flesh , but it had left a substantial laceration .
tr	NNS	Lots of people are dating Pierce . "
tr	NNS	Any signs of sympathy faded from her eyes , and she shot him a withering look .
tr	NNS	Since the tide was still ebbing , unless they had waded in the water , their prints should be still visible .
tr	NNS	The risks were terrifying , but the possibility of marrying one of the men she 'd met so far was equally bad .
tr	NN	The nausea would not ease .
tr	NN	Before I could leave my rooms for the outing , my upstairs neighbor , Marianne Simmons , opened my door and tripped blithely inside .
tr	NN	Part of him wavered in the face of Nick 's cynicism .
tr	NN	" Impossible , keep looking , " the captain said sternly .
tr	NNS	" The essentials , " he said , holding out his basket for her inspection .
tr	NNS	" If a home-cooked meal changes Fred 's mind , your pancakes must be a lot lighter and fluffier than Ma 's . "
tr	NNS	" Their spies don 't have eyes like that either .
tr	NN	A tremor shook her frame , and he lifted his head to make sure she was okay .
tr	NNS	Werewolves are not evil .
tr	NNS	My professors had loved that I had created something fashionable for a pregnant woman to wear .
tr	NN	The soil rattles a bit as he must be very heavy .
tr	NN	The development of an Infernal mask places everyone in jeopardy . "
tr	NNS	Things have changed in spite of me .
tr	NN	There indeed was a vent .
tr	NNS	Upstairs in the ballroom , the crowd was manic .
tr	NNS	He had to give it to the man , au pairs were a sensible choice .
tr	NN	" A Spirit and Void pattern will make it work . "
tr	NN	The van swerved to the left , pulling parallel to them , its engine roaring .
tr	NNS	" According to my mother , there are power sources everywhere .
tr	NNS	Girls didn 't do this me .
tr	NN	The sergeant sounded as concerned as Bryan and promised to drop by after work .
tr	NNS	His efforts were admirable , but usefulness against a foe with no physical shape .
tr	NN	But her embarrassment lasted only as long as her restraint .
tr	NN	His manner was impulsive rather than arrogant .
tr	NN	The daily routine was simple .
tr	NN	" Now , about Benny -- " Unfortunately , Dolly came out of the back door at that moment carrying a tray loaded with cookies .
tr	NNS	Like vampires , werewolves were supernatural creatures .
tr	NNS	Things had gone great at first , him pushing her to succeed , her pushing him , and then they had the fight over his bruises .
tr	NN	The Grays aren ´ t coming to help us so we ´ ve got two options .
tr	NN	Opening up the entrance to the cavern will be a walk in the park for him .
tr	NNS	" Things from the past piling up .
tr	NNS	Reyes did not like it , but he counted Maddox as a friend and would help in whatever way he could .
tr	NNS	" Who were the other seals ?
tr	NN	The burly dwarf dismissed his offer with a wave .
tr	NN	A little giggle escaped out of Hanna 's mouth .
tr	NN	Storm fell into step with her .
tr	NN	The matron turned to a man who stood a small distance away with his hands clasped behind his back .
tr	NN	The investigator stopped Captain Perry before they reached the shore and instead pointed toward a flagged depression in the ground near them .
tr	NN	Jazz glared at her , daring her to find fault .
tr	NN	But then , honesty alone , even in faith , did not make an alter Christus .
tr	NN	A faded map of Washington spread above a brochure rack .
tr	NNS	Two echoing footsteps brought him closer .
tr	NN	" One predator has just gotten its teeth into something good to eat . "
tr	NNS	Diggs shook his head .
tr	NNS	The hills just end . "
tr	NN	The priest leaned away from her as well , one hand reaching to adjust his hood .
tr	NN	A curving staircase led to the top floor on the left , guarded by an ornate wrought-iron rail .
tr	NN	The snake in front raised its head and hissed .
tr	NN	" Sit down , Mr. Phelps , " his attorney said .
tr	NN	the angel asked warily .
tr	NN	Moments later , an older gentleman walks down the hall toward me .
tr	NNS	The ladies working the conveyor picked her up and placed her in a clear sack filled with liquid to protect her on her long journey .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of last night filtered through my resolve .
tr	NN	The healer obviously was far more skilled than she was .
tr	NNS	shouts Dredd , banging his fist on the table .
tr	NNS	Even the colours were bland recreations of yellow , blue and brown .
tr	NN	The commander called a halt as the second soldier helped Joe into a sitting position , sharing some water with him from his pack .
tr	NNS	The vamps wouldn 't be getting close again .
tr	NNS	Over the years both types of conversations had become almost the norm for her , even with some of the people on the Hill .
tr	NNS	Angry pink spots appeared in Laurel 's cheeks .
tr	NN	The reverend muttered something , but Clay couldn 't make out all the words .
tr	NN	The priest would 've kept shouting , only the door to his cell smashed open and the blond fellow strode in with a light in hand .
tr	NNS	Two shots are best , to be safe . "
tr	NNS	Both cats kept her company and she wished she could sleep as soundly as they did .
tr	NN	The staircase was always semi dark .
tr	NNS	" Our sources have confirmed that the Ancients are holding a power cell there .
tr	NN	His eyes bulged and sweat beaded his forehead as he stared back at her .
tr	NN	No illusion to help someone forget that the weight of a mountain rested above a man 's head .
tr	NN	The leader turned to the fourth bandit .
tr	NNS	" So , your survival instincts are telling you to be careful ?
tr	NN	The alien leader was the last enemy soldier still in the room , and had stumbled to the floor , while trying to escape .
tr	NN	Without a planet wide magnetosphere or even much of an atmosphere , solar radiation on the day side was several times the exposure in Earth orbit .
tr	NN	Part of him hoped the guitar would be forgotten , but his dad kept it clutched on his lap .
tr	NNS	These objects were useless to him .
tr	NNS	The Officials don 't notice me .
tr	NN	Beside them , the weakening leader of the explorers was gasping for breath , as though his lungs could no longer hold air .
tr	NN	Where was her pup ?
tr	NN	His spine broke itself , his body caught in between the human 's form and the wolf 's .
tr	NN	Her southern twang was doing nothing for Daniel 's mood .
tr	NNS	The four travelers had followed the remains of what was once US Highway 377 west higher into the Ozark Mountains .
tr	NN	There was a loud rustling of paper as all the pages sorted themselves out .
tr	NN	A huge waterfall flowed from one side of the wall , and trailed throughout the lobby .
tr	NN	A snake slithered past .
tr	NN	Os ' mar thinks I 'm nothing more than another demon servant to the King and I let him think no less .
tr	NN	The agent went down .
tr	NN	The basic requirement for processing is that a memory store be developed .
tr	NNS	Folks liked her better than they did the old man .
tr	NNS	There were competitors and probably a score of local spectators . "
tr	NNS	The two nurses began speaking then , and one left the room in panic .
tr	NNS	The colors in the church fell into people 's dreams like the blossom of the cherry trees and chased the dark colors of the dying winter away .
tr	NNS	Things are not as desperate as you make it seem . "
tr	NN	" My grandmother loved Genesis ! "
tr	NNS	Daily activities go on as usual .
tr	NN	Part of me wanted to know the secrets behind the private club , but another part of me was afraid .
tr	NN	A small orange beak popped out from the darkness , and the old man started back .
tr	NNS	The very edges of his lips curled into a smile and then he brought those wondrous lips to mine .
tr	NN	The policeman stepped through the doorway , peered left and right and then drew his weapon .
tr	NN	" An underground reservoir maybe , " Gatling said , " But most likely a stream . "
tr	NN	The werewolf across the table sprang to his feet .
tr	NNS	As if deciding to answer her unspoken question , his eyelids flipped open .
tr	NNS	Wings just as dramatic as the ones I saw on Roth .
tr	NN	If you can get to Brandon Harris , bonus points for you .
tr	NNS	After two years of seeing eyelash fly off the shelves as newbies made scarf after scarf , sales of that novelty yarn were going to slow .
tr	NN	His ranch was doing well and with Sundance ready to breed , he was anxious to see to her .
tr	NNS	" Why not , pork chops come from pigs . "
tr	NN	" The squad of security that attacked our detachment at the site has dug in and persisted .
tr	NN	His grimace was so subtle that Isabella probably wouldn 't have noticed it if she 'd been sitting a little further away from him .
tr	NN	" Why bring the inflammatory agent ? "
tr	NN	All the silvery liquid in the garret came from there .
tr	NN	They would gently make their way from branch to branch , their mottled fur reflected in the water below .
tr	NNS	" But the winds to India are damned unpredictable this time of year , with the winter monsoon barely over .
tr	NN	Like her daughter 's dress , her pale apricot coloured gown also reached the floor .
tr	NNS	Other figures hovered at the corners .
tr	NN	There were no real footmen to direct her , of course , only the mincing , masquerading kind .
tr	NN	Author 's Note and Legal Disclaimer The preceding work of fiction is intended for entertainment purposes only .
tr	NNS	The images and memories start inundating my mind like the floodgates have just been lifted .
tr	NNS	" Things are a little uncertain right now .
tr	NN	A wide strip of medical tape bridged his nose , and the skin surrounding both eyes was bruised and swollen .
tr	NNS	His clenched jaws were easy to see .
tr	NNS	Images cascaded over his mind until deep , approving grunts erupted out of his throat .
tr	NN	The angel had come to her !
tr	NN	At the confirmation in their eyes , a conviction took root .
tr	NNS	The waiting Storm Dragons in the sky had disappeared .
tr	NN	" How great seems that achievement ; the very machinery of culture dependent upon the fuel of religious belief .
tr	NN	A young blonde who looked as if she 'd hastily dressed came down the sweeping staircase .
tr	NN	I only wish you could read my letters , their explanation runs clearer : - I have seen more than you can possibly know .
tr	NNS	Julie stood , her movements lethargic .
tr	NNS	The moment darkness folded over my eyes , images flashed through my mind .
tr	NN	Struggling , the man 's hood slipped off .
tr	NN	The bruising had hardly healed from my mishap in the parking lot .
tr	NNS	Thin wisps of smoky cloud obscured the view for an endless forty-five seconds .
tr	NNS	His pupils turned luminous .
tr	NN	" A new era begins tonight .
tr	NNS	" There are no buts .
tr	NNS	Three Homeland Security team members stepped up through the forward staircase and onto the upper deck .
tr	NNS	Your grandparents are expecting you both to look like civilized human beings for once . "
tr	NNS	His cameras were on her doors .
tr	NNS	Once the room was clear , the fireworks began .
tr	NNS	The minds that she visited blurred by as she touched as many as she could without over exerting herself and taxing her still new , confusing abilities .
tr	NN	" But , the dreaming changed to planning when the opportunity showed up .
tr	NN	The Defense asked her to stay .
tr	NN	" Where 's the cart now ? "
tr	NNS	Daily activities aren 't that different , but the people are .
tr	NN	The high attendance on a cold school night was a measure of how strong feeling was running in the African-American community .
tr	NNS	Elise 's directions to her winter place were clear in the main , but she had forgotten to explain that every house out there looked identical .
tr	NNS	The young warriors all stood quietly in front of a large carpeted podium adorned with red silk fabric trimmed in gold .
tr	NNS	Chartres flushed scarlet , reacting with an intensity foreign to his usual distracted air . "
tr	NN	My eyes zone in on the yellow poles at the end and the white line I need to make it over .
tr	NN	The loose soil would slow Tavi 's people and make them vulnerable to the vicious physical strength of the attackers .
tr	NN	Then her adrenaline really kicked in .
tr	NN	Wherever the castle is . "
tr	NN	JJ lets a defenseman get past him .
tr	NN	What was the reasoning behind this ?
tr	NNS	And fairies are living here now .
tr	NN	Nausea rolled inside me .
tr	NN	A few more Nephilim stood around the table , looking both fidgety and apprehensive .
tr	NNS	My associates did not possess the same level of authority that I do .
tr	NN	The patrons were all drinking , laughing , and forgetting about their problems .
tr	NNS	Both my siblings and I sat huddled next to her , like little children again .
tr	NNS	The Assembly members began talking to each other on the floor .
tr	NN	But the shooter saw their movements .
tr	NNS	Lives could be at risk .
tr	NN	" We will take good care of Annette in your absence , " said my stepmother , patting her guest on the shoulder .
tr	NN	" How could that ice layer even exist ? "
tr	NN	A savage glee seizes me and I almost wish they would .
tr	NN	A blush rose again on her face , and she turned back to the view .
tr	NN	Since water , sewer , electricity are free for each American in the year 2066 .
tr	NNS	Dr. Steve exclaimed , " Good morning , ladies , " except that , if you ask me , it wasn 't .
tr	NNS	More flakes followed , tickling my eyelids , lips , fingers .
tr	NNS	Flames shot up the cliff face .
tr	NN	Finally there 's a click , but it 's not Nan .
tr	NN	At least not negotiating stairs in them .
tr	NNS	Moses will only be away two weeks ... maximum . "
tr	NNS	The mesh slats , above and below were just wide enough for him to push his hand through but nothing more .
tr	NNS	Reyes rolled his eyes .
tr	NNS	But even fairy tales come to an end .
tr	NNS	Only prints on it belong to your sister .
tr	NN	" Actually , our Smooth here has been going through a dry patch in the dating world .
tr	NN	The coast was clear so I decided we could hide in a nearby alley .
tr	NN	The complete absence of the word marriage didn 't escape her .
tr	NN	As I promised , the Empire is at peace .
tr	NNS	In the middle of its span , the two hooded creatures seemed to stare at him , waiting for him to draw closer .
tr	NNS	" My hypothesis was that there is some connection between those non-human minds which I can 't read , and the approaching end of the future .
tr	NN	Oh , darling , thank you for coming ! '
tr	NNS	The vast distances of the cosmos mean that they are forever beyond us with such a speed limitation .
tr	NNS	The rats were bigger than the cats .
tr	NNS	The readers can view these photographs for themselves and make their own conclusions .
tr	NNS	After her talk with Casey , no more items went missing from the store .
tr	NNS	Based in a separate wing of the martial building , the cells were deeper into the ground .
tr	NN	Once and only once had Jacqueline sampled the slimy green vegetable .
tr	NN	An equal partnership does .
tr	NN	The dancing sparkle in her eyes captured him as effortlessly as a beautiful view .
tr	NNS	His insults were beginning to piss me off .
tr	NN	But the Following Dark is a very bad sign .
tr	NN	An icon of America 's greatest capitalistic institutions came to an explosive end .
tr	NNS	There are a few unsavory characters in the immediate area with that surname .
tr	NNS	Witches nurtured and protected male strength and pride .
tr	NN	The coughing wound down , though Tavi thought it was more a result of a weakening of Gaius 's lungs than an improvement in his condition .
tr	NN	There was a balcony on the third floor .
tr	NNS	His paintings are beautiful .
tr	NN	There was that swirl again .
tr	NN	The basic function of government is to rob Peter to pay Paul .
tr	NNS	But all Reeve 's kisses can 't take away the sting I feel when he barely looks my way with the others .
tr	NN	" What 's the tested , effective method ? "
tr	NN	The halftime whistle blew .
tr	NNS	Much faster than I expected , the girl 's defenses sagged .
tr	NN	" You heard , " said the knight .
tr	NN	The lord I sought to serve now finds fault in me .
tr	NNS	Half innocent and wholly smug about it , making you want to shake her and beg her for every wicked detail .
tr	NNS	" Our spies have learned a lot about Jane 's extracurricular activities these past months .
tr	NNS	The computer was off-line , the mechanisms just ordinary gears and wheels with nothing to lock them down .
tr	NNS	The warriors spend years as what we would consider squires , serving at the same time training before they are sent out to make their first kill .
tr	NNS	His thumbs kneaded her waist through her silk blouse .
tr	NNS	All roads of fault lead somewhere , and that somewhere was me .
tr	NN	Ashton 's low chuckle tells me he 's noticed and he has a good idea what his proximity is doing to me .
tr	NN	Warm liquid seeped onto her tongue as his harsh groan split the air .
tr	NN	The lieutenant colonel was no fun .
tr	NN	The kindest of smiles flashed up at him .
tr	NNS	There are tens of thousands .
tr	NN	Soon , the entire parade and the civilians to the left and right side were all kneeling before the new king .
tr	NN	The new software had been running in parallel since May and exhaustive testing indicated that it would be a successful implementation .
tr	NN	The chant grew louder , more insistent over the strangled cries of those nearest him .
tr	NN	The only real hassle is finding a crooked doc . "
tr	NNS	All attendants summoned here watched the sand fall .
tr	NNS	The angry spots in her cheeks flushed darker yet and white dents appeared on either side of her mouth as she raised her eyebrows .
tr	NNS	' Immediately the cards went over .
tr	NNS	Other staff members stay here . "
tr	NNS	Reyes was nowhere to be seen .
tr	NNS	Your siblings already proved that .
tr	NN	This New Mexican territory was a wasteland and deserved no more of his attention anyway .
tr	NN	" The Maya themselves predicted this eclipse through their ancient astronomical studies and calculations .
tr	NN	The ghoul was shrieking in a brutal animal rage of pain and anger .
tr	NN	The troll heaved a big leather sack off the floor .
tr	NN	The sheer passion in his voice rocked her into silence .
tr	NNS	The werewolves from my memories would be like kids next to him .
tr	NNS	His pupils darted madly from side to side as Barrow struggled to regain control of himself .
tr	NNS	Kris met my father , Eugene , when she was at university .
tr	NN	His father-in-law gasped in disbelief .
tr	NN	Its bouquet and taste was extraordinary and seemed to flow directly into the blood stream immediately reviving its drinker .
tr	NNS	Three inches behind it was another hole a little more ragged .
tr	NNS	My older siblings took most of what was in it . "
tr	NN	Scratch , scratch , scratch , scratch ... the sound persisted , increasing in frequency and growing louder .
tr	NN	A pewter drag drained the body , and he suspected that she 'd been forcing herself to stay awake with the metal for months now .
tr	NNS	And demolition races sound plainly unsuitable , you 're not alpha enough . "
tr	NNS	Muscles and bones ached , and I worried now that we would be pulled over by the police or something .
tr	NN	Pale carpet covered the concrete floor , and the office was lit by a chandelier of colored glass .
tr	NN	One early morning , an oversized highway trailer arrived , pulled behind a Class 8 tractor .
tr	NNS	Things had gotten so large , that Business One 's manager had brought two kids to Loree and suggested that she hire them to work under him .
tr	NNS	Our bathing suits had actually washed down the slope of the dune a bit so that wasn 't fun .
tr	NNS	Delores took a swallow of coffee and looked around the table .
tr	NNS	These raids became commonplace , with men and women seized from their beds to become guinea pigs for an old man 's twisted lust for power .
tr	NNS	The villagers must be frightened .
tr	NNS	" Things haven 't changed round here too much .
tr	NN	But the reflection is beginning to fade , and I bang my hand on the glass , devastated at the thought of losing him again .
tr	NN	Despite the stark rebuttal of the frozen plankton theory , Rachel 's systematic analysis of the data refused to accept the rejection .
tr	NN	Beside the mixer , there was a fourth keyboard and an acoustic guitar .
tr	NNS	His targets just walk into it , one after the other .
tr	NNS	Wild splashes of color and flashes of light filled the corridor .
tr	NNS	Flowers grew around the edges and two logs were in the center .
tr	NN	Elena waited patiently until he final y settled across from her , with cups of tea in front of them both .
tr	NNS	Sometimes , their visits were unpleasant .
tr	NN	But , a horse ranch needs a cowgirl . "
tr	NN	Their silvery paint sparkled as she put them in my hands .
tr	NN	The lantern swung wildly in his hand and the chamber 's ladder seemed to dance in his vision .
tr	NN	" My specialty is in controlling perceptions .
tr	NNS	Maybe there were runes or something carved into the links .
tr	NN	" The ancient wheeze was right all along , and nobody knew it .
tr	NN	The scavenger hunt is to take place outside , correct ? "
tr	NN	Any diversion in my current attire would not be good .
tr	NNS	Her sandals displayed toes painted a soft pink and when he lifted his gaze to hers , he smiled .
tr	NNS	The European banks will be open at midnight , California time .
tr	NN	Once in the police car , the inspector proceeded quickly .
tr	NNS	The cable news networks had all come too .
tr	NN	They 're yours , " the Master said with a quick laugh .
tr	NNS	My cells were rioting .
tr	NNS	The decks beneath their feet suddenly lurch , pulling mother and daughter off their feet and onto their backs .
tr	NN	The implication was that she had something to do with the horrible fire .
tr	NN	Over here on the starboard side there 's a cupboard . "
tr	NNS	The swarms disappeared for a while .
tr	NNS	The attendants at the front desk , both men with slicked back hair , wore buttoned shirts with rolled sleeves , suspenders , and bow ties .
tr	NN	The sunshine poured down , and birds were singing joyously .
tr	NNS	His footsteps thundered up the stairs .
tr	NN	To his great relief , a measure of her tension eased and her lips even twitched with reluctant humor .
tr	NN	" The leader vanished .
tr	NNS	How many of these writings had been inaccessible for the mystics here ?
tr	NN	There 's the Dracula castle , too .
tr	NNS	With his hand removed , Joseph faced him , his face mere inches from his enemy 's .
tr	NN	At commercial the nightclub is literally printing money but there 's a catch ; it 's the end of the line .
tr	NN	A tremor of agitation rolled through my muscles .
tr	NNS	All characters in this publication are fictitious and any resemblance to real persons , living or dead , is purely coincidental .
tr	NNS	Elias waited , not sure how to proceed .
tr	NN	A tremble of laughter rails through me as I fill with relief .
tr	NN	" The chip was more complicated that we thought .
tr	NN	The cursing and taunting reached a nasty level , and Rick picked the wrong time to bootleg and run .
tr	NN	" And what is your agenda ? "
tr	NN	His growl became bad tempered as Iona struggled .
tr	NN	But prophecy was dead .
tr	NNS	What are the chances he sanitized any of it ?
tr	NN	MYTH status would do that for you .
tr	NNS	Things were moving too fast .
tr	NNS	Others think it , but won 't say it .
tr	NNS	Images come to my mind but not complete images .
tr	NN	The little bitch would be pleasing the master of the house soon enough .
tr	NNS	His thumbs hooked in the front pockets of faded jeans under a black button-up shirt .
tr	NN	The dart shot through the air and embedded itself into the front of Pesaro 's shoulder , just below Lilith 's own hand .
tr	NNS	And worms moved in and out of her ears .
tr	NN	There was a gap in the floor of the shaft , a vertical cavern down to another shaft .
tr	NNS	Romulus glanced back and forth in thought .
tr	NN	There was no forced sympathy or condescending advice .
tr	NNS	The lies were so weak that I figured he wanted to get caught , forcing me to be the one to break up with him . "
tr	NNS	The snow flakes were falling in the cold winter evening as Verena and Catherine prayed in front of the altar .
tr	NNS	Shock slams into my chest and fury turns my vision red .
tr	NNS	William 's fingernails lengthened into razor sharp claws , and he slashed out , catching Geoffrey in the shoulder .
tr	NNS	Flames continued to lap around it and smoke roiled high into the night sky , like a signal flare .
tr	NNS	The pupils of her eyes were white with cataracts , but she stared directly at Evans as though she could see him anyway , somehow .
tr	NNS	Police sirens whined in the distance , nearing our location .
tr	NNS	" No , the tests all came back negative .
tr	NNS	The buyers didn 't give a hoot about that anyway .
tr	NN	And there is snowmobiling , ice-skating , wonderful shopping ... " There was something almost boyish about his enthusiasm .
tr	NNS	Cars sat , bumper-to-bumper trying to get out .
tr	NNS	Lush illustrations and legends and blocks of explanatory text stuffed the margins .
tr	NN	The liquid was dark and tasted of chicory root .
tr	NNS	" Our worries also centre around the fate that befalls our two students .
tr	NNS	Rats , mice , and bugs had infested the market .
tr	NN	On that , Jude 's resolve cracked , and she started to cry .
tr	NNS	And their schedules didn 't intersect in school for the past two days , which meant she hadn 't seen him in the halls .
tr	NN	The first inch was surprisingly easy , slipping in with little resistance , but as the shaft gradually grew wider , it began to hurt .
tr	NNS	Art and fine crafts filled the chateau , so His Majesty would always be surrounded by beauty .
tr	NN	The tip of his hood hung in his face .
tr	NN	" Almost eighteen , " he says , eyes still on me .
tr	NN	" My vendetta was with your father , but as Nadia pointed out , he 's gone .
tr	NN	That bitch deserved everything she got .
tr	NNS	Flames engulfed the cab and he was drowning .
tr	NN	The tech looked at the pod and then back at the suit .
tr	NNS	" My cousins lived here .
tr	NNS	Others were fresher , with nerves worming from their sockets and half-eaten lips clotted with frozen gore .
tr	NN	" A Lu warrior would be . "
tr	NNS	His ideas had been downright suicidal of late .
tr	NN	All that mattered was the two of them entwined together .
tr	NN	His self-imposed isolation helped him minimise any sense of guilt , any sense of obligation to his employers .
tr	NN	Morning was not much better , especially for Nicolas .
tr	NN	His balls drew up , his spine tightened , his lungs heaved with his exertions .
tr	NN	Some deserving sod is going down for what happened to James .
tr	NNS	There were no cameras though or any other crew member to indicate that was what it was .
tr	NN	This time Pendleton was the one to arch his eyebrows .
tr	NN	the older Warlord shouted as he got to his feet , cradling the broken arm .
tr	NNS	" Things are fine between us .
tr	NN	The balcony was directly above the front door .
tr	NNS	The prisoner carts rolled toward him , entering a small courtyard square formed by the intersection of two streets .
tr	NNS	Rufus snorted , the sound dismissing the possibility of his approval .
tr	NNS	The values of such things make no sense to me . "
tr	NN	A restless , fitful sleep , but still , she needed the rest .
tr	NN	This wedding garment my soul affects : so shall I be found without spot when the Master of the feast comes in to see the guests .
tr	NN	Oh God , there is a snake .
tr	NN	' I 'm guessing these were cheap , ' Love said , gazing at the other shoe through the plastic .
tr	NNS	And young minds were as easy to read as young bodies .
tr	NN	The captain nodded at John , politely acknowledging the boy 's presence , which was more attention than John had hoped to get .
tr	NN	George 's prey was getting bigger and bigger .
tr	NNS	Barnabas , too , looked surprised .
tr	NN	There was a debate tournament that weekend up in Santa Barbara , and of course I wasn 't going .
tr	NNS	Looks like somebody dinged Finn 's car .
tr	NN	His recovery had given hope to many others in the hospital .
tr	NN	And the last I knew , prison didn 't have revolving doors .
tr	NNS	Things are about to get really ugly . "
tr	NN	We tip and the truck slides to a stop .
tr	NN	The beeps had stopped .
tr	NNS	The Kirby twins were eight-year-old delinquents from the far end of Hemlock , and for some reason they happened by .
tr	NNS	Now that the beasts were dead , the twins acted as if they had been the ones to kill it .
tr	NNS	The hard-core fans were rabid .
tr	NN	When I got to the gate , the same uniformed guard I saw last time greeted me .
tr	NNS	All the gangs use nicknames .
tr	NNS	At New Salem High , the members of the Club only spoke to each other in public to argue .
tr	NN	Her posture was rigid as she hugged me back .
tr	NN	" Maybe there 's an explanation in the Sunday paper , " she ventured , " but I 'm not going out there to get it . "
tr	NN	The offense sputtered , and Mr. Montrose began marching up and down the field .
tr	NN	The Bull and his fanatics are more dangerous than the citizens of Cyprus . '
tr	NNS	The ruins gave way to districts that had been spared the bombings and had only been subjected to occasional attacks .
tr	NN	The venom was a true mystery to the medic .
tr	NN	A snake was trying to nestle into his armpit .
tr	NNS	" Something monumental happened today . "
tr	NN	The audience melted away before he was finished with his sentence .
tr	NN	" Yes , for us white colonial settlers I think so , but it is as it should be .
tr	NN	The roar of the water receded , replaced by the sound of her own breath and the beat of her heart .
tr	NN	His infatuation with Sheila had been the kiss of death .
tr	NN	Folklore 's secretary was on the line .
tr	NN	One forearm clamped tightly around her neck , threatening to cut off her airway if she moved .
tr	NN	Her Irish accent seemed thicker in the small space .
tr	NNS	The gates slowly swung open .
tr	NNS	Their basic instincts were immutable .
tr	NN	Just as before , a small tray of food and bottle of champagne appeared with impressive speed .
tr	NNS	Others lasted a lifetime .
tr	NN	My midsection swayed back like he 'd struck me .
tr	NNS	Moses could not resist listening , even when it meant missing some of what Rosy was saying .
tr	NN	He reached out , ran a finger over one hard peak .
tr	NN	The guard holding Rhi grabbed her hair and yanked her head back .
tr	NN	His employer gazed back at him without expression for a moment , then began to nod slowly .
tr	NNS	Our mothers are friends . "
tr	NNS	The eggs were light and fluffy and she realized she was hungry .
tr	NN	My grandmother told her friends she 'd met this crazy guy .
tr	NNS	Both pairs of clawed hands exploded towards the King , followed instantly by snapping jaws that sought their way towards Mal .
tr	NNS	Turning quickly to stare at him Hephaestus silences any further objections with just a look .
tr	NNS	" All fathers have nothing but wonderful things to say about their daughters . "
tr	NN	The Class A behemoth was at least forty feet long .
tr	NNS	Reyes reclaimed Danika 's hand - he couldn 't go long without touching her in some way - her icy skin heating again .
tr	NNS	They were without their armor this morning and many of them were shirtless , their tanned skin already glistening in the early morning heat .
tr	NNS	Three mothers are gathering up their children scattered over the lawn .
tr	NN	Foul brown liquid sloshed under the tapestry and onto Emelia 's worn leather shoes , soaking the chapped material with debris and dirt .
tr	NN	" When will your bundle of joy be coming ? "
tr	NN	" Though my teacher was not so patient with me .
tr	NNS	His actions were making her crazy as her breath quickened , her heart pounded .
tr	NNS	The villages that are hidden in the woods are from human decent . "
tr	NN	Our contract was with his stepfather . "
tr	NNS	The floors were hardwood ; walls were white .
tr	NNS	Before I even was able to close the gate behind me , at least five goats charged at me .
tr	NN	" Your husband 's surgery was a success .
tr	NN	When I got there , the barricade was down blocking my exit .
tr	NNS	Perhaps her growing fears were unfounded .
tr	NN	The mound was five minutes henchman jog away and the optimum landing spot for any visiting spacecraft .
tr	NNS	" My fellow Assembly members , " he said , " I agree that we face a very serious situation .
tr	NN	Every inch of me felt as if I were on fire , and my muscles tensed , ready to run if she tried again .
tr	NN	A low growl reverberated from the dragon 's throat .
tr	NN	Ice cream curdled in my stomach .
tr	NN	Well no freaking wonder .
tr	NN	And yet the posture remained apparently relaxed .
tr	NN	The pendant was a single spiral seashell .
tr	NNS	The media were on the scene by this point and were interviewing authorities from the fire department at a distance from the house .
tr	NN	Did the Keep get a good price on a heard of sheep ? '
tr	NN	" Missing witness prep is better than death . "
tr	NNS	Upstairs this first change had had a different operation .
tr	NNS	Squires , walking just behind Chuck and Gail , said , " Shut up , Catfish .
tr	NN	The convoluted grooves of the sphere parted , revealing blackness .
tr	NNS	The married couples in the church smile at each other .
tr	NN	Fortunately the bullet hadn 't struck his chest , so she didn 't have to worry about his lungs .
tr	NN	Right now , though , that badge is the only thing keeping building security from immobilizing you . "
tr	NNS	The shots from his girlfriend were so amazing he wanted to hug her and celebrate .
tr	NN	His weave kept him warm enough to survive , but it did not stop the chill .
tr	NN	The leader snapped a glare at the man , his aim wavering .
tr	NN	The gong reverberated once more and as its shuddering oscillation abated the chants returned yet again .
tr	NN	There was one peculiar email .
tr	NNS	The images hit me like a breeze , and as soon as it stopped , my head plopped down , feeling the crack on my skull .
tr	NNS	Those statements also said that Clay hadn 't changed into the very guarded person he was now until after his stepfather disappeared .
tr	NNS	The jaws were half again as tall as the man , and three times as wide as his outstretched arms would be .
tr	NN	Memory only needed to be Random Access .
tr	NN	In this case their dock was a quartet of rickety wooden towers jutting up from the shore in a roughly square configuration .
tr	NNS	All four screens go blank simultaneously .
tr	NNS	At my old school , the teachers would have freaked out if a girl had been murdered in the library .
tr	NN	My God , Ryland , he just sent those little girls out there , unprotected , unwanted , when they became too much trouble . "
tr	NN	The wrought iron hinge squealed as the gate banged against the fence .
tr	NN	Now only gravel and silt lay there , motionless , still .
tr	NN	Several seconds later the placid clatter of pattering rain married the image of a rainstorm on the projection wall .
tr	NN	The van parked next to where they 'd picked her up .
tr	NN	Old habit , you know ? "
tr	NN	A speedboat was fast approaching , aft and port of The Owner .
tr	NN	The momentum of the swing carried him backward .
tr	NN	" Does the winner want to say anything to the crowd ? "
tr	NNS	Between them , their efforts should have helped James Quincy Edison to the happy hunting grounds on the other side , one way or the other .
tr	NN	" A couple days later , the corporate attorney visited me and gave me the HR song and dance about the Jakarta office .
tr	NN	This man Bond is unknown to the public .
tr	NN	My hunger surges again , but the memory of her bulging eyes and blue lips hold me back .
tr	NNS	Girls , anything you need to haul should be in one of the big plastic carriers ; this could get a little dusty before it 's over .
tr	NNS	The edges of the enormous hole were strange to Speed .
tr	NN	The flashlight vanished from view simultaneously .
tr	NN	Her determination had been a fearsome thing when she 'd been a child , and it had gotten worse as she 'd grown older .
tr	NNS	There were two main areas in the tavern -- a larger upper platform and a single step lower , a smaller one .
tr	NN	A loud rumbling intrudes into my moment of despair and I glance up .
tr	NN	The colonel sighed with resignation , " The more citizens we can save , the better .
tr	NN	After being so angry , the commander surprised the Cyclops by smiling .
tr	NNS	" How do our preparations progress ? "
tr	NN	Allegra 's whistle pierced the still air from the distance .
tr	NNS	Others received a throwing knife to the face .
tr	NN	The willow was still , motionless .
tr	NNS	The twins had secured a win !
tr	NNS	Romulus covered his face in anguish , his hardened exterior finally cracked , his defenses lowered .
tr	NNS	There were more competitors at this third event of the season , making the wait between rides that much longer .
tr	NN	Link watched her from across the swimming pool .
tr	NN	" Nearly a full day , " the healer replied .
tr	NN	In old Southern cities like Atlanta , the social hierarchy stretched back into the antebellum period .
tr	NN	Every instinct told me not to look back ; it would mean certain death .
tr	NN	When the scarred man fell , the log continued to strike .
tr	NN	There was a grove of aspens on the far side , their trunks the color of new snow .
tr	NNS	The cookies and Kool-Aid that they served at Bible School were actually pretty good .
tr	NNS	Around the bed were three figures , three women whose appearance was so strange and fantastic that for a moment Cassie didn 't recognize them .
tr	NN	" You two haven ´ t said much .
tr	NN	His language grew worse and his voice louder , but Mr. and Mrs. Spruill did not retreat .
tr	NNS	Trust me , your skills are positively epicurean . "
tr	NN	That bitch hit me with a bat . "
tr	NN	Love turned his attention away from the bullet and back to John .
tr	NNS	Both opponents got up and went at each other .
tr	NN	His weariness concerned me .
tr	NNS	" The twins are twelve and my sister Taylor just turned seventeen . "
tr	NNS	" What are the items in demand these days . "
tr	NNS	" No promises , " Zane said , hands up as if to ward off the future .
tr	NN	" And you ' re so damned modern , aren 't you ? "
tr	NN	The envoy nodded a reply and walked forward to where Jason was sitting with Jeremy and Edna .
tr	NNS	Even the cats hadn 't moved , though they looked up at my arrival .
tr	NNS	Sirens were wailing distantly , rapidly moving closer .
tr	NN	The moth was the size of two hands with fingers spread wide .
tr	NN	" Your hallucination has hallucinations . "
tr	NN	The heavy pot hit the man square in his upraised face , exploding with a wash of shards and butter .
tr	NN	The notion amused him .
tr	NN	A landing in a remote area of what had once been the Sahara would lead them up along the Nile to a seaport .
tr	NN	Past the cove , at the wall , the crowd is still thick , but it looks like mostly our people .
tr	NNS	The man began to walk away , his footsteps fading into the dark rom .
tr	NNS	Things were about to turn ugly , and now all he could do was sit and watch , hoping her friends were enough to keep her safe .
tr	NNS	" All the ladies want to meet him . "
tr	NN	But if the freighter had been inspected , the lingerie would 've distracted the inspectors , increasing the odds that the cargo would pass unnoticed .
tr	NNS	His scales had flaked off in large chunks , the skin beneath them was peeling , and cantankerous boils dappled his raw flesh .
tr	NNS	Just like some ghosts never stop haunting .
tr	NN	The wildcat became dislodged , but not the bear that reached for Cassidy .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared as he smelled her sex and her blood , both scents beating at his body , firing his appetites .
tr	NNS	A few supplies and a bit of fine-tuning and she 'd be good to go .
tr	NNS	Flames dripped from his fingers , etching a trail through the stone floor as they burned their way to his fallen orchid blade .
tr	NNS	Animals came out early .
tr	NN	The whole Islamist government is under arrest .
tr	NNS	Girls loved his strong , silent bit .
tr	NNS	Probably the signs correspond to the division of the lunar months into the solar year .
tr	NN	The agony lasted for hours .
tr	NNS	Words said to make you feel better .
tr	NN	There was a spark of animation in Jace 's voice .
tr	NN	If you take out the alpha male and its offspring , the entire race will dwindle .
tr	NNS	Things have changed . "
tr	NN	For now , there was more demand for psychic consulting than their ability to fulfill but that may change over time .
tr	NNS	The gates opened , and James backed up , sword still to Charlotte 's throat .
tr	NN	The goblin beside him also chuckled and coughed .
tr	NNS	Dear Missy , The headaches stopped .
tr	NN	Another lantern approached from the far end of the shed .
tr	NN	The concierge had a question in his voice .
tr	NNS	Small spots of flame sputtered on his body .
tr	NN	That reminds me , hey do you still have that black button-up shirt ?
tr	NN	And as goblins excel in emulation , their design almost seemed to work and the boy once again became a spectacle .
tr	NN	Quiet astonishment passes into his face as he considers this .
tr	NNS	The lands were also riddled with gem mines from ancient volcanoes , making it a rich kingdom ruled under King Victor .
tr	NN	His passion easily ignited her own .
tr	NNS	All Lights had soul mates , so before you were Bound you had to make sure you 'd found them .
tr	NNS	" Yes , at least our payroll checks won 't bounce . "
tr	NNS	Lights from the first and fourth floors bathed a narrow brick patio in a golden glow .
tr	NN	At the end of the lane stood a large factory , Cornelius Smits ' Canned Jam Supplier .
tr	NN	" Her writing is atrocious .
tr	NN	The lamb , she thought .
tr	NNS	Things had indeed spiraled to a point he could never have imagined .
tr	NN	" Your association with the creature troubles me .
tr	NNS	The rolling hills were tranquil and still but the beasts that rested upon them were mystical .
tr	NN	That poster had a picture of Reboots on it , although they were in the distance and blurry next to a shuttle .
tr	NNS	Things I wasn 't quite sure I knew how to comprehend .
tr	NNS	The back roads were not without their share of wanderers and broken-down vehicles either .
tr	NN	CHAPTER 4 The click of the hammer falling was deafening in the quiet room .
tr	NNS	Images swam at them .
tr	NN	" The grilled hanger steak for you ? "
tr	NNS	Two odd cases also came up .
tr	NNS	Once this place was gone , those little orange pills would be the only thing standing between her and a possibly painful death .
tr	NN	This amazing warrior you 've bred .
tr	NNS	March 2nd , " she says .
tr	NNS	Car horns merged with the music to produce a strange , almost hypnotic rhythm .
tr	NNS	" These winds are totally killing my hair .
tr	NNS	Reyes wasn 't asleep .
tr	NNS	Some areas still showed the horrors of the last war .
tr	NN	" As I said , an iron hand when it comes to general publicity . "
tr	NNS	Cassius gave a single nod .
tr	NNS	The courts were where offenders needed to be dealt with .
tr	NN	My astonishment at my own reaction seemed to knock something out of me .
tr	NN	A mountain pass , except for the fact that , behind him , it led nowhere .
tr	NN	" Hang on ... " There was a roar of excited conversation .
tr	NN	The ground roared and a door rolled back .
tr	NNS	Kelsey taps on her cell phone as her friends dig in .
tr	NNS	No ideas taxied around .
tr	NN	The exercise in the courtyard went well , but not well enough .
tr	NNS	There were sparkling drops of water in Alec 's messy black hair .
tr	NN	The dragon sat in a tree , watching Jack 's movement .
tr	NN	Sean liked her wolf too , the noble Lupine with Andrea 's cool gaze .
tr	NN	His accent was heavy with the harshness of his voice .
tr	NN	" The manual is very important .
tr	NNS	His pupils were like ... an icy black , like the look of glass or steel .
tr	NNS	My insecurities from my traumatic childhood and the influence of Leona Campbell led me to file for divorce . "
tr	NNS	Lazy footsteps picked up speed along the metal floor .
tr	NN	" Your ice cream 's melting all over your hand . "
tr	NNS	Her own lies had almost allowed him to get away with murder .
tr	NN	Reality tore around us , and I spoke the words , " We ride . "
tr	NNS	If this lawsuit did end up in the courtroom , the media would inevitably come into play .
tr	NNS	The attendants opened the doors of both aircraft .
tr	NNS	Viktor barks and her heels immediately click faster , until she 's practically running .
tr	NN	" Your uncle kept a lot of people from feeding their families . "
tr	NN	My rambling 's might not be appreciated , but that letter 's absolute gold as far as ' paranormal ' evidence goes .
tr	NN	" A number of reasons , " said the ambassador , " some of which are known only to you and the Sector General .
tr	NNS	Our footsteps echoed down the hallway .
tr	NN	The sheriff 's deputy had raced away on a snow machine .
tr	NNS	" Things have happened to us , to both of us , horrible things that changed us .
tr	NNS	Others had had showers .
tr	NN	Some recent development or event has evidently changed the dynamics here in Georgia , but what that is , no one will say . "
tr	NN	Male instinct took over and he kissed her harder .
tr	NNS	Added to the serious look on his face , her hopes disintegrated .
tr	NNS	The mattress , though heavy , wasn 't as bad as she had expected .
tr	NN	No offense meant regarding the clock thing .
tr	NNS	Rufus says the artist is of considerable note .
tr	NNS	Her insistent kisses told her she was thinking the same thing .
tr	NN	The weave was looser . "
tr	NN	A dark scowl covered Samuel 's face .
tr	NN	At that moment , his zeal was contagious .
tr	NN	An oil lamp burned before an altar to one side .
tr	NN	A small spark chirped from his left hand .
tr	NNS	In some ways , the profound effects of our choices are both frightening and wonderful .
tr	NN	The bullet ploughed through the middle of the man 's palms .
tr	NN	Silver and Bronze swam at five .
tr	NNS	Crimson drops trickled onto his thigh .
tr	NN	" We 'll be there soon , " the kidnapper promised with a sadistic laugh .
tr	NNS	Adonis handsome , affable , polished , and utterly devastating when he turned on the charm .
tr	NNS	The floors of polished marble would have gleamed in the candlelight as the people bowed their heads in prayer .
tr	NN	" A vodka martini " , I say .
tr	NNS	Chills trickled down her body , for it seemed that his eyes , now possessing a tiny twinkle , had seen into her mind .
tr	NN	" Five hundred and seven points , " the priest announced .
tr	NN	But with Josh her reputation no longer mattered .
tr	NNS	The fumes coming from Taylor were almost visible to the naked eye .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids fluttered down , and she slept .
tr	NN	But the magnitude of this came without warning .
tr	NN	A low warning growl escaped Jacques 's throat as he instinctively placed his body in front of his prince .
tr	NN	What passion seems more absurd than this amazed anguish that I , and no other , should be the smitten one ?
tr	NN	His aura had settled into a pretty shade of blue .
tr	NNS	Poor Bugs simply could not keep pace with demand , but the canning plant had no such issue .
tr	NN	The plaza was swarming with people and he couldn 't see from one end to the other ; not even from the top of an artificial hill .
tr	NN	The trio paused just inside the door when they noticed Hannah .
tr	NNS	" Animals like you need to be put down . "
tr	NN	The goon let Hale go and raced for his boss , but he was too late .
tr	NN	The dreadful growl yanked him out of his numbness .
tr	NNS	In it were three letters , carefully folded , letters that she 'd read more times than she could count .
tr	NN	There 's a heap of eggs though , we 've always got heaps of eggs , fancy an omelette ?
tr	NN	Part of her wanted to call him a fool , but another part wanted to tell him how grateful she was for his love and protection .
tr	NNS	There 's thousands of them prospectors from here to way up past Pike 's Peak .
tr	NN	Blake 's pulse raced like he 'd just dodged a bullet .
tr	NNS	Things were going bad .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared as he studied her face .
tr	NNS	Others say that there were some survivors .
tr	NN	Instantly his aggravation flowed away , leaving only warmth and contentment .
tr	NN	The radiance mesmerized her .
tr	NNS	Selling everything from chocolate bars to microwaves , four floors of consumer delight were crammed with items and adverts convincing you joy was merely a purchase away .
tr	NN	An ill deed cannot bring honor .
tr	NNS	My acting skills sucked .
tr	NNS	Curious all over again , he focused his identifying ability on her , even adding a slight vibration , but he got nothing in response .
tr	NNS	There were also some creatures in the bar who were not vamps and not human , members of Louisiana 's supernatural community .
tr	NNS	The twins are just jealous they 've never been invited to perform acrobatics there . "
tr	NNS	The patrols seemed fewer , as those of the East concentrated with ever greater fervor on destroying the walls of the Great City .
tr	NNS	The fireworks had stopped but the lights of the city were as spectacular , just in a different way .
tr	NNS	The ladies followed Pitman to the makeshift shooting range .
tr	NN	All that mattered was feeling more of these sensations .
tr	NN	There was the impact shield , on the edge of the wall of black , glowing red .
tr	NNS	Looks like you 've seen a - " His eyes flickered to the floor then back to me .
tr	NN	An angel of God told Saint Joseph in Bethlehem about Herod 's plan to kill Jesus so he took his family to Egypt .
tr	NNS	" How do a police detective 's shots of a crime scene just disappear ? "
tr	NNS	The last wisps of vapor blew away , and Gregor lost speed .
tr	NN	A mosaic , nearly black with age , covered the wall .
tr	NN	A Knicks player threw yet another terrible pass and the other team stole it for a breakaway dunk .
tr	NN	o -- o -- o Thomas failed to arrive at his usual time that afternoon .
tr	NN	The azalea plant was from Maria .
tr	NN	Man , the visibility was literally about twenty feet .
tr	NN	Her adrenaline was still up , but it wasn 't enough to completely drown her stage fright .
tr	NN	The chef smiled , yawned and nodded okay .
tr	NNS	The weird wonders in this city never ceased to amaze me .
tr	NNS	Her instincts told her to blow him off , but his friendship with Vincent made that tricky .
tr	NNS	Looks like they 're just a couple of assholes talking . "
tr	NNS	" And all my grandparents are alive , too . "
tr	NNS	Drugs , tests , medical solutions failed .
tr	NNS	Lights glittered on his spokes , and a little puff of steam came from the back .
tr	NNS	Before I could light the fuse , the swarms backed off .
tr	NN	" Then I ' l adjust .
tr	NNS	There were still cameras but the buzz felt different , as if they were mourning right along with me .
tr	NN	" That jolt kicked up too much sediment at the bottom , " the tech told him .
tr	NNS	Gray spots danced in front of her eyes as she drove .
tr	NN	Even if it weren 't , a high priest in danger would draw a lot of attention .
tr	NN	the intern asked , in a rush .
tr	NNS	Kris met my father , Eugene , when she was at university .
tr	NN	The magnitude of the problem was stunning .
tr	NNS	Cat ladies didn 't have to deal with dilemmas like this .
tr	NN	" I doubt it , " the scout leader said quietly .
tr	NNS	" Three captains think that 's the solution . "
tr	NN	The dragon stopped , blinked .
tr	NN	It was the right thing to do , his tribe would do the same to him if needed .
tr	NN	" I 'm sorry , snake isn 't really on my diet .
tr	NNS	No solutions came to mind .
tr	NN	Our government doesn 't know anything about it ? "
tr	NN	" Her partner is in the tube . "
tr	NN	So all my scrubbing had been to some avail .
tr	NNS	" These lies are getting ridiculous .
tr	NN	Yet the courtesy and respect Kaspar allowed her sent another type of pang stabbing through my heart .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of her mother had been disjointed and intrusive , allowing her only a light , uneasy sleep .
tr	NNS	Huge , lacy petals shimmered gold and purple and red , the colors flowing into each other .
tr	NN	But there was one paramount proof that told her they 'd never been intimate .
tr	NNS	The next morning the villagers found his badly mangled body lying outside the now abandoned house of the priest .
tr	NNS	Inside many of the walls were sophisticated surveillance cameras .
tr	NN	" The burial 's at St. Matthew 's . "
tr	NNS	" My apologies , Lady Nuit ... " " It 's quite all right , " she said , hoping to calm his distress .
tr	NN	Again , his pleading filled the air .
tr	NN	The hunter wasn 't listening to him .
tr	NNS	Things about myself I had never known existed , what I was capable of .
tr	NNS	Drugs do not effect Carpathians .
tr	NNS	Delores replaced her and grabbed the latch with her right hand and yanked .
tr	NNS	His followers live in abject fear of his displeasure , for it is without cause or rational .
tr	NNS	Her pupils were still huge , but she managed to look around and at last focus on me .
tr	NNS	Two indoor fountains now .
tr	NNS	Her footsteps retreated and a few moments later my door closed .
tr	NNS	Most Alpha members simply choose to forgo that kind of companionship to make their lives easier , and I 'd been firmly in that camp .
tr	NNS	Her very cells were crying out for him .
tr	NN	The fragrance of blood wafting from her and the soldier threatened to overpower him .
tr	NN	A sergeant passing by stopped and stared at the girls .
tr	NNS	Things changed with time .
tr	NNS	The murmurs shaped into a woman 's voice .
tr	NN	That exchange seemed to light a fire in him and he began to pleasure me in earnest .
tr	NN	The valet zoomed off with his car , leaving Reid alone with Devon .
tr	NNS	Northern Lights continued to shoot their paths , silver and pink fingers of light surging across the sky .
tr	NN	When he scowled , the big man 's scar became a diagonal furrow .
tr	NNS	Animals are not only more gifted with their senses than we are ; they have learned to use them better than we have .
tr	NN	No kidding , Emma thought as she followed Grandma up the escalator .
tr	NNS	As per usual , two fairies stood at attention as we passed , but this time , one of them was a girl .
tr	NNS	Lucius 's eyelids fluttered , and his jaw tensed .
tr	NNS	Others nodded in sympathy .
tr	NNS	My computer skills are ... excellent , if I may be immodest ... " " You may , " Caesar interrupted .
tr	NN	The creation of the Lucifer character , with each word and gesture carefully considered and planned , would go down the tubes in one trite storytelling ploy .
tr	NNS	Most immortals put their own needs above everyone else 's .
tr	NNS	His thumbs moved in slow , idle circles that made it difficult to concentrate .
tr	NNS	My fingernails and toenails had never looked so good .
tr	NNS	Cassius felt the weight of their lives sitting heavy on his weary shoulders .
tr	NN	A great roar went up .
tr	NNS	There were many tales of transformation .
tr	NN	After everyone was seated and accounted for , with an empty desk left for Charlotte Merrill , the teacher wrote her name in cursive on the chalkboard .
tr	NN	Her eyes narrowed and her brow scrunched together as she twisted in her seat to face me , her escape route momentarily forgotten .
tr	NNS	Marius ran over and knelt beside her .
tr	NNS	The locks on the doors here in the south wing appear to be relatively new . "
tr	NN	Reality slaps me across the face , cold and hard .
tr	NNS	Even with the crude materials available to them the ancient artists had managed to portray the knobs on the ends .
tr	NNS	Her fingernails bit hard into her palm .
tr	NNS	Even rookie Earth travelers knew that water flowed down a mountainside .
tr	NNS	Folks around here are pretty neighborly , but I can see you ran into someone who doesn 't quite fit that description . "
tr	NNS	There were three shots left ; not much , but better than nothing .
tr	NN	A Parisian jeweler had crafted the ten silver fasteners that had come to Vinland along with the priest by way of an older garment .
tr	NNS	The superstitious held onto the theory that somewhere in the Bermuda Triangle an unstable gateway existed that leads to other dimensions ... other worlds .
tr	NNS	Two helpers quickly moved to his side to ensure he did not try to escape or attack .
tr	NNS	Too many mothers who are too busy or just too damned fucked up to care about the kids they 've brought into this world .
tr	NNS	The demon 's attempts to entice her away earlier today confirmed Victoria 's suspicions that something would happen soon .
tr	NN	And first strike was actually probably when I almost failed graduating from high school .
tr	NNS	The young seamstress had never given birth before , and was understandably nervous about the process .
tr	NNS	The blue-collar staff members , however , had a different outlook .
tr	NNS	Gorgeous and slippery like petroleum jelly .
tr	NNS	The schedules no doubt allowed weeks for incoming attendants .
tr	NNS	Sirens wailed in the distance as two sets of feet scrambled for the front door from within .
tr	NNS	Not many little old ladies I knew had favorite murderers .
tr	NN	The chant swelled in volume .
tr	NNS	" And mothers and sons , " Daemon added .
tr	NN	Short term , I was worth more dead than alive .
tr	NNS	Others grabbed at his load and started taking away lengths of cloth , bedding , curtains , pots and ornaments -- all was soon stripped bare .
tr	NN	' Thank you , ' Love said as he lowered himself on to a pale green leather couch .
tr	NNS	All the old ghosts have finally returned to the Darkness . "
tr	NNS	The trails our play had tracked were no longer visible .
tr	NN	A tourist gasped in horror .
tr	NN	There was the slightest hesitation before she answered .
tr	NNS	Their soaked hats and coats stayed on .
tr	NNS	The siblings exchanged glances that carried opposite intentions .
tr	NN	That student isn 't the criminal ; the gendarmes are . "
tr	NN	" Its belly 's white . "
tr	NNS	In unison the drinks shot upward then downward as the four knocked back a stiff belt .
tr	NNS	" But the actions we take in the name of love , those are moral or immoral .
tr	NN	" Just a demo , please , " called the guardian wearily .
tr	NNS	Only the stakes are much higher with Kennedy , aren 't they ?
tr	NN	There was a large marble sculpture of a lion in Brian 's lawn .
tr	NN	The drumming of Vincent 's fingers ceased instantly , his posture rigid as his expression went blank .
tr	NNS	Others were there too .
tr	NNS	' Not before the cards went over . '
tr	NN	A bitter chuckle escaped from Aria 's lips .
tr	NNS	There were headlines boasting the two of them were still in love despite breaking up within a month of filming their show .
tr	NN	Jenny 's young secretary looked up from her typing .
tr	NN	Aiden 's spine went stiff against mine .
tr	NN	Don 't beat yourself up , " the sheriff said .
tr	NN	The lifeboat had almost reached the exit !
tr	NN	A split second later a snapping twig caught his attention and he saw several dark figures darting amongst the trees not more than fifty yards away .
tr	NNS	After a few minutes , the footsteps following them changed course .
tr	NNS	The locks of the stands with the five volumes were harder to open , but after some long minutes , Jack successfully unlocked them .
tr	NN	Why had the kil er just left her like that ?
tr	NNS	Other creatures lined the far edge of the pool .
tr	NN	Today , though ... Maybe the getaway had done her some good after all .
tr	NNS	Once the referee finished with the rules , both boxers headed to their respective corners , and waited for the bell to ring .
tr	NN	How would a very rational adult act in this situation ?
tr	NN	Then our race shall have an organic centre , a heart and brain to watch and guide and execute .
tr	NN	The passenger suspect continued to moan .
tr	NN	A gentleman in shirt and tie was peering through the glass searching the interior of the coffee shop .
tr	NN	The musk of uncounted flowers savaged his nostrils .
tr	NN	Just like the idea that Link was the lackey in this situation .
tr	NN	A trio of black sedans appeared in the rear view mirror seconds later .
tr	NN	Then a chuckle as deep and rolling as thunder emanated from the larger man as he approached Ayden and patted him on the back .
tr	NNS	The council members and Mikhail will question him .
tr	NN	The priest fought back struggling into the room , croaking , ' O Lord deliver us from every tempest , from every lightning . '
tr	NN	The pilot clicked on the intercom .
tr	NN	There was a solid mass of flies on the remains of his food .
tr	NN	The entire outline was the same words repeated over again : ' It 's only a dream . '
tr	NNS	Chapter Three Jax was dressed , downstairs in the living room , the members of his pack assembled .
tr	NNS	Her gaze was unfocused , her movements lethargic .
tr	NN	There 's dessert ? "
tr	NN	The scanner came on line , and I pulled up Anna 's last known position then scanned forward to the day after the concert .
tr	NN	This celebration is going to be just business .
tr	NN	Our only condition is that he or she is respectful towards our profession . "
tr	NNS	" By nightfall , coyotes or hawks will have come and taken the carcass away . "
tr	NNS	The bridesmaids walked down the aisle first .
tr	NNS	When she did , intermittent sobs still occasionally broke up her speech .
tr	NNS	" Things are a bit chaotic up there . "
tr	NNS	Victoria 's newfound maternal instincts were on high alert .
tr	NNS	My mind races with the thought of what might be inside .
tr	NN	His h * ps pushed against her .
tr	NN	With everyone lending a hand , the balloon assembly went quickly .
tr	NNS	The countess didn 't budge from her spot .
tr	NN	This manifest also indicates three copies were made .
tr	NN	Zola 's agitation matched the level of Joe B. 's disdain .
tr	NNS	My ads start tomorrow .
tr	NN	" Shh , sweetheart , " soothed Jackson as he wiped away the tears I hadn 't realized were making their way down my face .
tr	NNS	The patrols do not like bad weather .
tr	NN	" Such expertise no longer exists .
tr	NNS	My grandparents are definitely not the monsters she painted them to be .
tr	NN	Sure enough , there was a heavy layer of snow already on the ground .
tr	NNS	These creatures aren 't humans .
tr	NN	His official job description involved both looking after the house and looking after us .
tr	NNS	Immortals really have to be careful with this , you understand , and you and I have never even had a civil conversation before today .
tr	NNS	Lights flickered beyond the dirty windows .
tr	NNS	Strong , prominent cheekbones slashed above hollow cheeks ; pale , colorless lips spread in a thin , unforgiving line .
tr	NN	" The measure of a society is its compassion . "
tr	NN	And there was the little clearing .
tr	NNS	Through the ages , werewolves had suffered horribly whenever humans had uncovered their existence , so secrecy was the only protection they had .
tr	NNS	" In one week your father and his conservative cronies plan on announcing your candidacy for mayor of our fair city .
tr	NNS	Names become a problem for people who don , t die .
tr	NN	M : At the time of the accident with the crane , who was your employer ?
tr	NNS	Green Bay Packer fans are as loyal as they come .
tr	NNS	" How about skin cells , or nail clippings , or blood .
tr	NN	The shrieking echoed through the hal s , and my heart beat faster .
tr	NN	the first hunter asked sarcastically , turning angry eyes at his friend .
tr	NNS	Heavy footsteps follow my path down the stairs .
tr	NNS	Other nations wanted to invest in your technological ventures and also , " he smiled , " enjoy some of the fruits of your labors .
tr	NN	" My vacation has been approved , " The Manager told him .
tr	NNS	Eventually her eyelids grew heavy .
tr	NNS	The elves took off .
tr	NN	A wicked gleam suddenly entered his hypnotic eyes .
tr	NN	" The last eruption was March , 1977 , but it looks like it 's gearing up for another full eruption in the next week or so .
tr	NN	Every nerve ending in her body sparked , shooting her full of electricity and warmth .
tr	NN	Once ye reach Jamaica , he 'll forget all about this nonsense , " the captain said .
tr	NNS	The murmurs started as soon as Weldon , Daryl and I walked through the sea of tents .
tr	NNS	Three codes in place to keep out all but trusted government employees .
tr	NN	A giggle escaped her .
tr	NN	Then the Duke fan looks at me .
tr	NNS	My grandparents say they come from a country of marble hills ; my mother just says they 're from Greece .
tr	NN	His partner raced out of town last night .
tr	NN	A tiny curl of smoke filtered away from his nostrils .
tr	NN	Even at the canopy trees , Song and her giant friends greeted her .
tr	NN	' Oh , master , whatever shall we do ? '
tr	NNS	The pills in the bottle just didn 't seem to go up far enough .
tr	NNS	Things she called -- The Unseen , since she was the only one who can see them .
tr	NNS	The man 's nostrils flared as he saw them preparing to engage him .
tr	NN	The sign said , Girl 's basketball final between Central High Chief 's and Northern High 's Raging Panther 's , Saturday at four .
tr	NN	The sub was yellow , like the sub that he had ridden down , but its configuration was somewhat different .
tr	NN	" His eyeball came out . "
tr	NNS	There are cameras all round the place , so I doubt anyone would try to break in , but it 's better to be careful . "
tr	NNS	The cult members had gathered in the foyer to chat before the sacred hour of worship at sunset .
tr	NNS	Serena presses forward so Liam has to step back .
tr	NNS	Words began scrolling up , something about a house fire in Taunton .
tr	NN	" Yes , there are only seven of us , " the archangel finally answered , after twenty minutes of evasion .
tr	NN	Even scarier that no one else seemed to see it . "
tr	NN	" How 's the waterfront contract going ? "
tr	NNS	As far as Jeff was concerned , these telltale symptoms added up to one thing : a woman .
tr	NNS	Her futile efforts were his undoing .
tr	NNS	Seventy nesting pairs spaced across five worlds .
tr	NN	With its free limbs , the dragon lifted its body out of the swamp .
tr	NN	" And my mommy was there ? "
tr	NN	There 's a sparkle in his eyes as he grins devilishly at me .
tr	NN	Smoke and dust poured in .
tr	NNS	Like the stories in this collection , my novels are all quite different .
tr	NNS	The demands are clearly playing havoc with your fitness levels . "
tr	NNS	Raw , bright colors edge into his aura .
tr	NNS	Perhaps , come to think of it , there were the odd , brief fall outs .
tr	NN	The cowboy snatched it away .
tr	NN	" Everyone will need to wear their ceremonial robes , " our leader , Heidi , started .
tr	NN	The senator , like most politicians , had a hierarchy of phone numbers at which his contacts could reach him , depending on how important they were .
tr	NN	The pasta was handmade this afternoon by Carlo himself .
tr	NN	Modern science could do wonders these days .
tr	NN	An information booth without information should be on her files somewhere . "
tr	NNS	His eyelids fluttered shut and almost instantly he was asleep .
tr	NNS	Myles seemed too agitated to concentrate on anything properly .
tr	NN	Even as we speak , a squad of my troops is on its way to ' take care ' of him and re-establish the portal . "
tr	NNS	The roads were pretty empty .
tr	NNS	The air currents died down .
tr	NN	And witness the event that will change our lives .
tr	NN	The ring shimmered , fluid and alive , eager to be worked upon .
tr	NNS	" Where were your grandparents tonight ? "
tr	NNS	Waves of heat staggered them as they struggled to keep formation and clear the gate .
tr	NNS	As I looked at the photo , the petals and leaves started moving , as though the wind was whistling over them .
tr	NN	Her notebook lay face-up on the mattress .
tr	NN	A doctor 's fitting Eden with a new pair of glasses .
tr	NN	His girlish curls fan out on his blanket .
tr	NNS	Cadmus holds me every night until I sleep , whispering into my ear that everything will always be alright because he will make it so .
tr	NN	As they rode , Chance gave several hesitant glances at the young Marshall , wrestling with waves of conflicting emotions .
tr	NNS	" Folks , " he said , " This is going to be the most ' ghetto ' spacecraft ever built .
tr	NN	The lamp will be a lot more secure locked up in an Arcane vault than sitting on an end table in my condo . "
tr	NN	With luck , this midnight walk by the water would calm her and romance her .
tr	NNS	All the roads seemed to be leading to the dead end which was Carver Street Housing Projects .
tr	NNS	Without servants , the upper classes , and even the middle classes , couldn 't maintain a home .
tr	NN	The wrestler at the desk yelled at one of his men .
tr	NNS	Ladies and gentlemen , that is the highest rating in Riot 's history , and the highest overnight rating ever pulled by a wrestling program .
tr	NN	The guilt went into spiral mode .
tr	NNS	Souls ' passed on ' to the domain the ' gods ' had set apart for themselves to be accumulated like gaming chips .
tr	NNS	" The courts have no objection to that . "
tr	NN	The whole assembly came out , Sean and Andrea lifting it away together .
tr	NNS	Her pupils were slightly dilated , which confirmed they 'd given her some kind of drug that had interfered with me reaching her in dreams .
tr	NN	And television in the summer was just plain bad .
tr	NNS	His Jewels are dark enough and his personality is strong enough , but he doesn 't fit in with us . "
tr	NN	The Republican candidate won in a close race , and the recount still gave the Republican a victory .
tr	NN	There was a sharp click and then a loud humming came from the mirror , as though millions of bees were trapped inside .
tr	NN	There was a soft rap on my door , and Puck peeked his head inside .
tr	NNS	The village 's defenses are in need of extensive repairs .
tr	NNS	" After digitization , the virtual reality meetings with relatives and psychologists began .
tr	NNS	Ancient ruins stood next to newly built palaces that rose on the hills behind the dilapidated brick houses .
tr	NN	His manner of speech is addictive , and I feel as if I am in a trance , hanging on every word he 's saying .
tr	NNS	The two bows and a sheath of arrows Gale rescued on the night of the firebombing lie on the desk .
tr	NN	Grief and guilt hung on him , bowing his shoulders with their weight .
tr	NNS	The few inches of reddish , peachy fuzz dusting his chin at least showed that he had made the effort to be pious .
tr	NN	A narrow stair , rough-hewn and cut from the stone of the mountain , led down beneath the keep .
tr	NN	The stab of hurt on Will 's face was visible only for a second .
tr	NN	Her pulse was racing .
tr	NN	The electricity coursing through my blood was staggering , but not nearly as bad as the first time .
tr	NN	His status changed as recently as 1975 when he retired . "
tr	NN	Instantly the numbness vanished and a sharp pain blossomed in the left side of his chest .
tr	NNS	" My apologies , Sir Knight , " he said .
tr	NNS	The colors are switching like every twenty or thirty seconds .
tr	NN	His left forearm curved around Rachel 's neck .
tr	NN	His shrewd intellect only served to enhance his hunting abilities .
tr	NNS	Four elderly ladies were standing in the corridor , staring at him .
tr	NN	The kiss held passion , hunger , need .
tr	NNS	There were no footprints because it was all gravel .
tr	NN	The difficulty is not being able to think my way to the bottom of this and to prove my case , or even to test it .
tr	NN	When it came to Rachel , there was never any forgetting for him .
tr	NNS	Theater actors fell all over themselves to land roles in his shows , be they new productions or revivals .
tr	NNS	There were acres of marble with gilt molding and crimson wall panels .
tr	NNS	Things hadn 't been too bad while her mother was alive .
tr	NN	The guilt and the horror and the memory of that awful smell might stay with her forever , but she was the queen .
tr	NN	Her concentration , however , had narrowed to the closest demons who charged without fear or hesitation .
tr	NN	I said stop , " the policeman yelled again .
tr	NNS	Then in the eighteenth century , city authorities had ordered that the overflowing cemeteries in the center of Paris be dug up .
tr	NN	Just observing is not my way . "
tr	NN	The immense absence replaced by tranquillity , a field high in mountains , the breeze light and cool .
tr	NNS	But the howling and snapping mech wolves paid no attention .
tr	NN	you know , " the captain said .
tr	NNS	But wolves and livestock don 't mix .
tr	NNS	Lots of kids do it .
tr	NNS	Things were too raw , too unknown to hold those kinds of dreams .
tr	NNS	She blushed , clearly embarrassed , her high cheekbones highlighted in pink against her pale skin .
tr	NN	' If I were the killer that 's what I would have done , ' Love said belatedly in answer to Stuart 's question .
tr	NN	His uncle met his gaze and smiled .
tr	NNS	Green contacts that look natural when layered over my blue eyes .
tr	NNS	His only companions had been the quarry he killed to survive .
tr	NNS	My fears have come true : I 'm that girl who 's lost all control and perspective because of a guy What do I say to Henry ?
tr	NNS	" What I said was wrong , and if it hadn 't been for you , the ogres would never have helped us .
tr	NN	A quick guided tour of the property confirmed that the condition was the same throughout .
tr	NN	A miracle was going to happen and change his life forever .
tr	NNS	" Team sports build cooperation .
tr	NNS	His footsteps grew quieter as he started running away .
tr	NNS	Things would be different this time .
tr	NN	" O wonderful knight , thank you so much for rescuing me . "
tr	NNS	Even those members of the Legislature who are more or less rational themselves tend now and then to assume that their constituents aren 't .
tr	NNS	Pleading ghosts weren 't uncommon .
tr	NN	The only remaining witness is going to appear questionable at best . "
tr	NN	The ultimate student had found his ultimate teacher .
tr	NN	Another tie that felt like a loss , and it was his fault .
tr	NN	The baron sat down by the table .
tr	NNS	Hanging from each stud were several thin chains , each of which draped to encompass her fingers .
tr	NN	" Nevertheless , his prophecy has some merit .
tr	NNS	Elias squinted a little against the sun and nodded once , to himself , as if whatever he had seen satisfied him .
tr	NN	The term ' Guest Suite ' paints a picture of glamour and indulgence .
tr	NN	My concentration shifts from the boy at the lake and grinds to a razor-sharp point .
tr	NN	My grandmother had wanted me to graduate so badly .
tr	NNS	By my calculations these programs will significantly exceed tax revenues over the next 25 years .
tr	NN	Just as that last valiant knight held his position , so must I hold mine .
tr	NNS	After four days ( possibly five or six - I hadn 't kept close track of time ) the wolves moved on to a new patch .
tr	NNS	The footsteps behind me are staying with me .
tr	NN	" Ok , so you know your stuff , I remember the scuttlebutt going around that you used to be Central Systems Post .
tr	NNS	The closer he got to the surface , the more turbulent the currents became .
tr	NNS	On their backs , thirteen dwarves watched with equal skepticism .
tr	NN	The guilt in her eyes was all the proof he needed .
tr	NN	The feline skeleton has to support extremely fast speeds , dexterous agility , and extraordinary grace .
tr	NN	The click of her black suede Rupert Sanderson pumps echoed through the empty space .
tr	NNS	" How long do shifters live ? "
tr	NNS	Nessie " The dwarves immediately started arguing about who would get the first tot .
tr	NN	There was no receptionist on duty .
tr	NNS	There were some murmurs of disappointment about that .
tr	NNS	Cade 's abilities wouldn 't do us much good if we had no way of putting them in context or ascertaining some kind of time line .
tr	NNS	Waves whipped white and lightning crackled .
tr	NN	The boxes outer layer was thick .
tr	NNS	The two ladies went into the library and Trinity gasped as she looked around .
tr	NN	My resolve wavered as I started to worry about his health .
tr	NNS	" The creatures that tried to invade our world .
tr	NN	That chore fell to Nolan , but he usually tries to put it back on me .
tr	NNS	The invaders were establishing a permanent camp but had not yet begun their assault on the city walls .
tr	NN	" We 're not really sure , " our Robbie answers .
tr	NNS	Her sobs echoed hauntingly through the station .
tr	NNS	The band members stepped over , congratulating us loudly as they hugged us .
tr	NNS	If he wasn 't fit to plead , then the courts would assume his guilt anyway .
tr	NNS	Most shapeshifters can 't switch back and forth like that .
tr	NNS	The warm colors of the big room were more pleasant , and I roamed around it picking up odds and ends as I stretched chilled muscles .
tr	NN	His partner waited out front .
tr	NN	Their motto is Comfort , Convenience and Time Savings .
tr	NNS	Large LED spotlights crossed each other leading up to the entrance of the mansion .
tr	NNS	" Her wrists , " comes Max 's soft reply .
tr	NN	Is the contract ready ? "
tr	NN	" No offense taken .
tr	NN	Over his shoulder , a stone angel watched me with interest .
tr	NN	A growl reached her ears .
tr	NN	" The peace treaty we 've been working on with the Colonies is now shelved .
tr	NN	A siren wails , the sound much closer than I 'd prefer .
tr	NN	When the door opened , the tall slender but shapely Nadia stood before him .
tr	NN	A single , genuinely happy chuckle escaped her .
tr	NN	" Your healthcare option makes sense , but what if I don 't want to use the federal hospitals ? "
tr	NNS	Although their eyes were on him , their minds were busy thinking about possibilities .
tr	NN	" Love is a wonderful thing , sir . "
tr	NN	The corner clown , the stationary dealers , the sassy girls , your seductive girl , the perverted guy and the list just goes on .
tr	NN	The smells weren 't that different , actually , from the kitchen of her father 's inn back in the Two Rivers .
tr	NN	The middle bastard was sweating and had his finger too close to the goddamn trigger .
tr	NNS	How do your symptoms progress ? "
tr	NN	The warm trickle pooling in the hollow of my collarbone was blood .
tr	NN	" Fair enough , " the priest conceded .
tr	NN	The festival turns out to be something out of central casting .
tr	NNS	The other wolves leapt a split second later .
tr	NN	Chance raised his brows , plainly surprised .
tr	NNS	Francesca 's third shot lands on the centerline for no points and Robbie slides one into the ten spot just shy of the line for ten points .
tr	NNS	Regular implants and transplants are superficial ; their limitations well-documented .
tr	NN	Maybe he could clean the pool , there was an inch of debris in it .
tr	NNS	Looks like he lives for getting a piece of your hide between those molars of his . "
tr	NNS	" Most myths are true , at least in part . "
tr	NN	The improvement in the Bailey Woods boy 's and girls ' basketball teams continued to be steady and strong .
tr	NN	This consultant will have the power to nix any storyline or segment idea if deemed inappropriate .
tr	NNS	Plus , AAA tickets come cheap and plentiful , unlike those for our boys in orange .
tr	NNS	Geisha Rose 's nostrils flared .
tr	NNS	Waves pelted at my thighs , making me wobbly .
tr	NNS	The one Rome triggered by uttering the phrase ' blue crystal reader ' .
tr	NNS	Normally all ghosts that I saw were very well aware of me .
tr	NN	" The blocking is fine .
tr	NNS	Beth 's whispers cut deep as a knife .
tr	NN	" Sir , we found more pamphlets , " the sergeant said as he placed the pamphlets on the General 's desk .
tr	NNS	Dark shadowy figures appear and then slow down .
tr	NN	He 'd been staring at the tanks , almost in a trance , the rope in his hands now knotted tightly and Jeff was almost strangling it .
tr	NN	The tip of the sword quivered .
tr	NN	How much did the sheriff already know ?
tr	NN	Not an easy bike to be overlooked , ' Stuart said .
tr	NN	" No more puppet shows .
tr	NN	An angry roar jerked us upright .
tr	NNS	The goblins beyond the opening scurried around yelling and panicking more than was necessary .
tr	NNS	Youthful political consult , Martin Dorsey , said , " The moderator is instructed to give you limited opportunities , so make the most of it . "
tr	NN	But perhaps that distinction existed only in my mind .
tr	NNS	The prickles on her arms rose in anticipation of his response .
tr	NNS	Sometimes the losers had to wear stupid costumes for a day .
tr	NN	Still , the coarse language sat ill with me .
tr	NN	The maid stopped and almost doubled over from the pain in her side .
tr	NN	You ' l see .
tr	NN	The melody echo 's through the long cave before her , and the veil of water parts in the center allowing her passage into it .
tr	NNS	The investors agreed to give him ten million dollars for forty percent ownership of the app he created to start Ivan 's car with .
tr	NNS	Others wanting to join in success came next .
tr	NNS	The authorities were asking the media not to release that information , Brach said , but he thought it might be helpful to Forte .
tr	NNS	Soft footsteps came onto the balcony , and a moment later Ash slipped his arms around me from behind .
tr	NNS	" In the midst of Autumn 's Ravage , helpers came to Autumn , that was many years ago .
tr	NN	The formal attire for the Red Half Council was armor , which came in variety of material and styles .
tr	NNS	" What are the chances I 'd call an animal ?
tr	NN	There was already a small colony of dwarfs in what was once California .
tr	NNS	Their motives are clear .
tr	NNS	But his distancing techniques had failed .
tr	NNS	Rapid footsteps rose at our backs .
tr	NNS	16 Sebastian 's coins , his gold , all the wealth he had in the world , had disappeared .
tr	NNS	' Two quarters make a half bar and two half bars make a bar . '
tr	NN	He didn , t know .
tr	NN	The siren , evidently name Beth , said .
tr	NNS	But the hounds led us to the main doors , to the main throne room .
tr	NNS	Soldiers stream out of the open door to the craft .
tr	NNS	Reyes latched on to his friend 's wrist and squeezed .
tr	NNS	" My stress levels have lowered considerably . "
tr	NNS	Hands shot up all around , but his dark eyes locked onto Chrissy 's .
tr	NN	My pulse had quickened , and my heart felt as though it was going to burst through my chest .
tr	NNS	In all honesty , my sources warned that it was going to be a dirty bomb , not this EMP business . "
tr	NN	The doorknob rattled , and Aria rushed to turn the lock , then threw her weight against it .
tr	NN	The crown met her wetness , beckoning him inside .
tr	NN	The agony made me wish I 'd hit concrete instead .
tr	NN	" Some oracle told him to float off a waterfall ? "
tr	NNS	Things inside her began to move , and she knew somehow that they hadn 't moved in a very long while .
tr	NN	An ugly network of scars lined her face .
tr	NNS	The test strips alone were outrageous , and these supplies would only last a month .
tr	NN	The Unit was quiet now , most of the staff gone home for the night .
tr	NN	This operator at the Hilton in Miami didn 't waste any air .
tr	NN	A genetically spliced fright , bolting together the best and worst of several species to come up with a horror worse than your worst nightmare .
tr	NN	Rogues reject the system , reject the pretense , the rules .
tr	NN	She jumped in shock , a stifled scream escaping her lips .
tr	NNS	In perfectly formed rows , thousands of haggard soldiers lined up in front of the palace .
tr	NNS	Lots of unexplained , unconnected cases all mashed together in one place with absolutely nothing in common .
tr	NNS	Twisting ideas is their specialty .
tr	NNS	Normally , the exits were on the right , but not always .
tr	NNS	Her answering confessions came thicker , became more fevered , deeper .
tr	NNS	The servants poured two glasses of sparkling wine , then bustled off for the food that they 'd spent all day preparing in the apothecary 's kitchen .
tr	NNS	Those eggs of yours won 't be doing much in a few years . "
tr	NN	The goblin fell , cringing , in the dirt , and I raised my weapons to finish it off .
tr	NN	The weariness was getting heavier , weighing him down .
tr	NNS	My drunken episodes differ enormously from my father 's .
tr	NN	The air-conditioning felt good against his skin .
tr	NN	Maybe that priest left it for you . "
tr	NNS	Looks like the kitty is about overflowing .
tr	NN	" What do my silly ideas have to do with you being nervous to meet them ? "
tr	NN	' This is , er , the first time you 've been away from home by yourself ' ' No , father .
tr	NNS	" Since when do werewolves eat gumbo ? "
tr	NNS	My footsteps dislodge the small rocks as I approach him with a menacing look upon my face , the memories of yesterday becoming all too clear .
tr	NNS	My sandals clink on the glass floor as I zigzag up the path .
tr	NN	A skinny dipping party almost every night that gets really out of control , especially when Paris shows up . "
tr	NNS	The specialists said her milk could be saved and given to him through his feeding tube .
tr	NNS	Flames crackled behind them .
tr	NNS	Moses had refused to eat anything offered to him so far .
tr	NNS	" Ah , these goggles let me see into far distances . "
tr	NN	The challenge is clear .
tr	NN	* * A sudden siren blasted through the Command Post .
tr	NNS	Things wil be chaotic the next couple of days . "
tr	NN	No , his only uncertainty was because of Rachel .
tr	NN	The crone all but said it was me .
tr	NNS	The ruins were actually a series of buildings clustered together around a courtyard full of flowers .
tr	NNS	Like a picture show , the figures continued to move with one another and Source noticed their inner conversation was strained , almost , violent .
tr	NN	With her , the difficulty would be in persuading her that it was necessary . "
tr	NN	There 's no intent to harm . "
tr	NNS	I pointedly did not ask him anything judgmental -- what had he been eating , had he ignored warning signs , etc. .
tr	NN	Her reputation for an iron resolve now seemed almost coy , so utterly was she at the mercy of invisible forces .
tr	NNS	The zombies look at M .
tr	NN	Just the implication that he might prefer to be somewhere else would be enough to earn him punishment .
tr	NNS	Bugs added , having seen the promotional piece as well .
tr	NNS	Our competitors are riding our butts and we need a buzz to get people to tune in next week .
tr	NN	The dead Squirrel 's tail whipped the man 's face and its body bounced once and settled on the concrete in front of his open mouth .
tr	NN	" This gob of filth attacked me , " the duke snarled at the policeman .
tr	NNS	Willie 's eyelids flickered , and his hand shot up to bat at a fly that had been examining his nose .
tr	NN	The sage extended his arm then .
tr	NNS	Not when I know firsthand the misery such ruthlessness can cause .
tr	NN	" That ho you 're talking about is my sister . "
tr	NN	" A new player has entered the arena . "
tr	NN	The convent rested peacefully in the solitude of the northern hills .
tr	NN	A loud clink startled her .
tr	NN	The remaining lieutenant nodded in my direction .
tr	NNS	The following Friday morning Raphael arrived at the flat with his four-track and spare headphones .
tr	NNS	The actors all reached into their bags , digging around to extract their copies of the script .
tr	NN	When would the madness end ?
tr	NN	The ranger shook his head and turned to the crouched Lucas , in apparent deference to his thoughts on the matter .
tr	NNS	Myles clearly didn 't appreciate that comment , but his experience showed .
tr	NN	" The galley was in E Cyl , and E Cyl is flooded .
tr	NN	The armour mainly consisted of padding with thin plates of that strange material over it .
tr	NN	" About freaking time . "
tr	NNS	The stone panel floors and maple trees disappeared into the horizon of the road .
tr	NN	Their small stone cottage looked like something out of a children 's storybook .
tr	NNS	Adonis asked , still looking skeptical .
tr	NN	Until she saw the dessert cart .
tr	NN	And the aping instinct makes millions follow it as fashion .
tr	NNS	And the pirates would converge .
tr	NN	Her pulse boiled and rushed .
tr	NN	A siren starts to sound and red lights begin to flash in the ceiling .
tr	NN	A deep sound , half subdued roar , half snort , issued from its mouth .
tr	NNS	Others could hide their emotions .
tr	NN	Excel ent , another werewolf is always welcome . "
tr	NNS	The chances of this being a coincidence were close to zero .
tr	NNS	The rehearsals went well and Peggy Conklin and Kirk Douglas turned out to be a perfect combination .
tr	NNS	Witches can 't hold their spells when they 're attacked .
tr	NN	But as they were getting into Aria 's car , a flutter of activity behind one of the concrete beams caught Spencer 's eye .
tr	NNS	Gradually , vague figures rose in my mind , like pale images emerging from the mists of time .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids shut and then flutter open again .
tr	NNS	Yet those damn instincts were alive and well with Lilly , full-blown and making him crazy .
tr	NNS	Things couldn 't be worse .
tr	NN	The other hunter hadn 't even known it 'd happened until he 'd read about it in the paper .
tr	NNS	Kris wiped the spittle from his face .
tr	NN	Despite his young age , the term " my child " does not feel as misplaced as it should have been .
tr	NN	What will that bitch do to him ?
tr	NNS	" Contact lens cameras , " she said drily .
tr	NN	The subconscious was something that couldn 't be predicted .
tr	NN	The lightning hit the cloud and seemed to bounce from one creature to another , illuminating them .
tr	NN	My theory was of the simple kind but astonishingly self-evident .
tr	NN	A sacrifice so they can kill the vampire . "
tr	NNS	The forecast predictions warned of an unbearable summer , and they were right .
tr	NN	A healer 's tent .
tr	NN	" It 's about time , " the other goon says .
tr	NN	The van swerved awkwardly up a small flight of stairs before slamming headlong into one of the concrete pillars to the Market Stage in the Exchange District .
tr	NN	Then some strangely carved animals were produced , and following , people - many , many people .
tr	NNS	All the colors in the room blend perfectly together .
tr	NN	The stench of scorched flesh made him throw up .
tr	NN	Every inch of this mansion has antique value .
tr	NNS	Their cheekbones were almost too high and sharp .
tr	NNS	Myles set the plates on the table .
tr	NNS	Those eggs your body produces are for you and your future husband .
tr	NNS	Far below , messengers on bicycles darted in and out through traffic like hummingbirds .
tr	NN	The sheriff gave me a friendly smile .
tr	NN	The Master had shielded him from all base influences , such as these primitive corpse slingers .
tr	NNS	Myles avoided looking anywhere below the neck .
tr	NN	In fact , their apparent reconciliation was maybe the one good thing to come out of this whole mess .
tr	NN	The rich daddy 's girl .
tr	NNS	Her hopes and dreams were so sweet .
tr	NNS	When I carried Lasher , there were no signs until the moment came . "
tr	NN	One sentence couldn 't end a marriage .
tr	NN	Each illusion of mistaken terrain formed a pattern of error from which the computer at Redoubt could derive significant results .
tr	NNS	There were vials of different ingredients spread all over the place .
tr	NN	" About ten miles due north of the Hoh Forest ranger station .
tr	NNS	The next morning the travelers boarded a train which took them to a village near the plantation .
tr	NNS	My goddess red flags were flying their colors high in the sky .
tr	NN	Jumping from one branch to the other the chick eventually reached the nest and everything turned out well .
tr	NNS	Naturally , all the illustrations were wondrously beautiful .
tr	NN	A chorus of cheers sounded at his table .
tr	NN	The reference to the great Battle of Vicksburg during the Civil War stirred the delegates .
tr	NNS	The fans were all on their feet as the team left the field .
tr	NN	Compared with those internal agonies , the beating was ridiculous .
tr	NN	the pirate captain asked .
tr	NN	" Help him , " the tall policeman commanded when the young man reached them and knelt down .
tr	NNS	The stakes are pretty high so I am willing to fund the $ 25,000 application fees .
tr	NN	Her arrival on camp slightly mitigated my slippage in morale .
tr	NNS	Soldado 's divining rods had been right about area H but they had not been as effective on pinpointing area Q .
tr	NNS	Those stormy green pools could capture her soul .
tr	NN	" Your newest sister ?
tr	NNS	Both servants and guests had started betting thick and fast as soon as the fight was announced .
tr	NNS	The passageways are empty and cold .
tr	NNS	Smells like fryer grease that needs changing and cigarette smoke blown out lungs soaked in shitty whisky .
tr	NN	My sister-in-law was hella loud .
tr	NN	The pub I worked at in Rooks Bay could only get a few bottles each year . "
tr	NNS	" The rats , at least , are not guilty of that .
tr	NN	I know his wife is saddened to leave this spectacular home , " the agent began .
tr	NN	" So the big lieutenant commander has spoken . "
tr	NN	The cottage has a splendid view of the Cumberland River .
tr	NNS	" At least , the changes seem to be coming faster . "
tr	NN	" That ye shall , " the captain agreed .
tr	NN	' Okay mate , if you want it , it 's yours . '
tr	NN	The awards committee allegedly kept the winners secret from the board members , but Charles had a feeling his mother knew something .
tr	NNS	Thoughts that Roberto was serious when he had fastened her to the railing threw her heart into turmoil .
tr	NN	Flaherty keyed his comm , " Platoon Commanders up . "
tr	NNS	" The crows 'll have them soon enough . "
tr	NNS	Reyes didn 't slow as he shouldered that door open , shattering the lock and ushering her inside .
tr	NN	Even if I was as easy to read as she is , my intense dread of the place makes no sense to me , either .
tr	NNS	There are liars and thieves out there and they know newbies .
tr	NNS	Images of him being torn apart by demons raced through my mind .
tr	NNS	These scouts , were mostly younger warriors of the tribe .
tr	NNS	Things began to slowly return to normal for everyone in the neighborhood .
tr	NNS	" Well , the media is all over this flu virus .
tr	NN	There was a little pavilion at the bottom of the hill decorated with white bunting and streamers .
tr	NN	Our defeat there was alarming , to say the least .
tr	NN	His tuxedo fit his body with a negligent elan .
tr	NNS	The elves should be attacking shortly to give us more support and to distract most of the enemy . "
tr	NN	If you have to start somewhere , television isn 't bad . "
tr	NN	The gas will run out . "
tr	NN	Every inch of her skin seemed to be raw , waiting .
tr	NNS	For one , the cubicles are much , much larger .
tr	NN	A strange pulse immediately needled at my skin , pulling and prodding it like sharp fingernails .
tr	NNS	All the objections that threatened to spill over fizzled out when he hit a button on the control dial and the jets started to froth .
tr	NN	The Empire had created long-lasting peace through the region .
tr	NN	Even with this one word , a British accent is evident .
tr	NN	His low growl spoke of his own strained control .
tr	NNS	Flat sandals or bare feet were what she was used to at home .
tr	NNS	Yes , some aliens are peaceful and are allowed to live and work among us .
tr	NN	" The principal , " Rhapsody elaborated .
tr	NN	Opening up to him was incredibly easy , especially about something so personal .
tr	NN	( This introduction excepted .
tr	NN	" Thomas , " my pa scolded , but Pete interrupted .
tr	NNS	Its edges are still sensitive , but the skin appears to be knitting properly .
tr	NN	Nobody Jazz could spot , anyway .
tr	NNS	A dozen pearls and yeh got a deal .
tr	NNS	The video technicians had the clip of the Father Russo interview cued and ready .
tr	NN	The owl soared out of the tree like a missile shot from a battleship .
tr	NNS	Arthur 's reporter instincts came back .
tr	NNS	The cameras panned slowly .
tr	NNS	" Things are different this time , Saul . "
tr	NNS	" The wolves are quiet tonight .
tr	NNS	The arrangements will be very quiet , so don 't hint to anyone .
tr	NN	There is no explanation for this , no reason for something like that and no way to describe the feeling of being burned alive , but not .
tr	NN	As the wagon hit the dirt , the sedan slid past them sideways in the middle of the road .
tr	NNS	As he cleared his head , images from the three rooms entered his mind .
tr	NN	Luckily the queue didn 't last long and I 'm British anyway so can queue with the best of them .
tr	NNS	Others held their head in their hands in disbelief .
tr	NN	A sob of pleasure escaped and she clawed the sheets , trying to stay still for him .
tr	NN	This reasoning sounded good , but Bradford knew the decision was colored slightly by Saturday 's golf match .
tr	NNS	Orders don 't specify why she 's so important that we need to rescue her . "
tr	NNS	Many funerals had to be held as many soldiers had sadly deceased in the war .
tr	NNS	While that may be the case , those actions go far above and beyond the offenses that bring you before this court .
tr	NNS	Alexis clasps her hand over her mouth and bats her eyes .
tr	NN	With no words to offer , Link watches her pathetically , physically exhausted from his brutal fight to save the realm once again .
tr	NN	Immediately the nausea won out and she lurched onto her hands and knees , vomiting on the ground .
tr	NNS	Others were men that Julie could identify if given enough time to study they photographs .
tr	NN	A wide range of tactics emerged from flanks to direct assaults on groups of people behind large obstacles serving as walls .
tr	NN	" Our mayor would never go for that shit . "
tr	NN	The hub was not dissimilar to those built for bicycle wheels .
tr	NN	" This here pup ain 't a man yet . "
tr	NN	The heavy frog shifted , letting out a terrible roar , throaty and impossibly deep and loud .
tr	NNS	Strangers in adjacent cars or in the crowd at a stadium were one thing , but God , David thought .
tr	NN	The dragon barely moved , just let out a groan .
tr	NNS	The drums got louder , too , their beats overlapping as if more people had joined the band .
tr	NN	The gravel was hard to walk on with my wedges .
tr	NN	Understanding and yearning mixed together in one confusing yet arousing package .
tr	NN	The likely option of everyone losing was the betting edge .
tr	NN	" Her specialty is Afghan cuisine . "
tr	NNS	Inside the airplane are rows and rows of seats covered in ripped , fraying blue fabric .
tr	NNS	Werewolves will certainly be helpful in guarding you during the day . "
tr	NNS	Their fears soon ended though once Hassan doused both of the hooded figures with the solution .
tr	NNS	The all-male guests were costumed in lab coats , green surgical suits with paper shoe covers , or like Herbie , nurses ' outfits .
tr	NNS	Was he avoiding her ?
tr	NNS	Reyes leaned his forearm over the tall mantel , drawing deep breaths .
tr	NN	There 's no need to jump , " Kiran 's clean accent sounded amused as he entered through the roof top door .
tr	NNS	All great mysteries boil down to a single click .
tr	NN	My mount started weaving , a frantic , zigzag pattern that jostled me from side to side and made me sick with fear .
tr	NNS	" All cruisers , target those projectiles and tear them into pieces , I don 't want any to reach the surface .
tr	NN	The landline was across the room and would require using one 's legs .
tr	NNS	His pupils are huge and his breath caresses my cheeks .
tr	NN	The surgeon wound up taking fat from his rear to patch it .
tr	NNS	My dingy surroundings fell away , replaced by a huge room with soaring ceilings , elegant furniture , and tapestries on every wall .
tr	NN	As usual , Link had no idea what Macon was saying .
tr	NNS	Her sandals are there and her shoes are gone , her garden shoes .
tr	NN	The crossing of the South Hills took only a few turns .
tr	NNS	But their actions seemed to speak louder than their creepiness .
tr	NN	Even Ghost and Kittie were healthy and whole .
tr	NNS	The experiments reserved for them may teach us all new lessons . "
tr	NN	This ape had pallid skin and a Mohawk haircut .
tr	NNS	" Things may still get worse , Dad . "
tr	NNS	Reyes watched unblinking as both pairs of h * ps settled down , the music subsided , and the lights grew dim .
tr	NNS	Things may be different now .
tr	NN	" She and Hunter were regulars , the landlord identified them .
tr	NNS	The three young zombies launched an attack without hesitation .
tr	NN	In that gesture Magnus saw how she had changed , saw the ingrained habit of motherhood , love for someone she had created and whom she cherished .
tr	NNS	She raised her head , met their images in the mirror headboard .
tr	NN	" The true reward of heroics lies in the satisfaction you feel , not the glory others heap on to you . "
tr	NNS	The vials sparkled in the air beside him , falling to shatter against the cobblestones .
tr	NN	The palazzo held its breath .
tr	NNS	And the targets escaped .
tr	NN	" I 'm sorry , Captain , " replied the first mate .
tr	NNS	Lights sprang up , hundreds of them , candle after candle so that the flames flickered and danced on the walls of the cave .
tr	NN	My feet pound against the metal , now and then I stumble , my shins accrue more bruises .
tr	NNS	The shores back home had lots of pebbles and not the fine grains of sand .
tr	NNS	" Listen up , ladies , " she said as she looked to where the girls sat .
tr	NNS	Things had changed for Devin after meeting me .
tr	NN	Alonso 's guardian angel stood beside him , staring at him with an expression of sorrow .
tr	NNS	Things don 't always work out the way we plan .
tr	NN	Based on the length of the trunk and the size of the clothing , the doll must be about seventeen inches tall .
tr	NN	" Noel , I want you and your grandfather to report to headquarters , " Noel 's sergeant yelled down the line .
tr	NNS	As if to further emphasize their point , two unmarked BMWs pulled up , sirens blaring .
tr	NN	Don 't worry , my darling , I am a rich man .
tr	NN	Her schedule 's pretty booked . "
tr	NNS	In the distance police sirens blared .
tr	NN	" That fellow isn 't very trusting , is he ? "
tr	NN	Shaking his head , the teacher -- up against the unfathomable -- fell silent .
tr	NNS	For all intents and purposes , goblins have no conscience .
tr	NNS	The roads were empty since it was late at night , and even though I 'd taken a nap , I still felt exhausted .
tr	NN	The staircase had never seemed so steep , or so high .
tr	NN	Toward dawn she 'd drifted into an uneasy slumber .
tr	NN	Terror and disbelief defined his features .
tr	NN	That ranch was our home .
tr	NNS	She didn 't question him further , or try to find out from whence these other worries came .
tr	NN	At a harbor dock , a small fishing festival was under way .
tr	NNS	The contents were a cloudy red and a spongy shape could just about be seen .
tr	NNS	Dog warriors can go to war any time .
tr	NN	The woman stroke terror into people .
tr	NNS	There are some side effects that work in my favor . "
tr	NN	As he replayed his weeks of hiding in a Dutch cellar in Venlo , his sympathy for Karl brought on a cold shiver .
tr	NNS	The consequences are tragic .
tr	NNS	There are drops of pity in his eyes .
tr	NN	" Had so many dreams ... " Chance said .
tr	NN	The Master was already crawling on the floor , furiously lighting a small fire inside .
tr	NNS	Angelus watched me from the other side of the pool .
tr	NNS	Any hopes of being with him crumbled instantly .
tr	NN	" My good captain , finally we can meet .
tr	NN	The trailer seemed to tremble with new energy .
tr	NN	Another van showed up and took us back to the lodge , where we waited until our van was fixed .
tr	NNS	I laid there for a minute , convincing myself the symptoms had shown up long before I 'd arrived in New York .
tr	NNS	My sunglasses took flight .
tr	NNS	" Alright then , " replied Taylor as they both started getting up with cheeky smirks on their faces .
tr	NNS	All the characters and events portrayed in this book are fictional , and any resemblance to real people or incidents is purely coincidental .
tr	NN	The thief reacted with the speed of a wary cat .
tr	NNS	With her parents ' positions at MIT and most especially working on special projects financed by the military , the normal worries of life were somewhat alleviated .
tr	NNS	Lights were on everywhere in the neighborhood now .
tr	NNS	As the rowboat came closer to the Sultana , the pirates around him became restless .
tr	NNS	Lights glowed and flashed .
tr	NNS	Dark figures descended on the caravan , squeezing between the wagons to get into the main area .
tr	NN	Today the mountain range was closer -- cold and unwelcoming , rising straight up into the sky .
tr	NNS	" My sources say no . "
tr	NN	Our reward for getting it right will be to enter into that long sought after heaven .
tr	NN	A long creak whined out the rusted joints , ending in a deep , long groan .
tr	NNS	Laughter and togetherness and year after year spent loving this man , this loyal , strong man .
tr	NNS	the immortals continued , stubbornly .
tr	NN	My option was to either shut him down , or let him drive this discussion so it would be easier to muddle my way through it .
tr	NNS	" There is no need to be vulgar , " the duchess said stiffly .
tr	NN	The laptop finished powering up .
tr	NN	Part of him was afraid he was moving in that direction .
tr	NN	" Yes , I 'll see to it , " the policeman answered , in a rather surly manner .
tr	NNS	Long fine strands of facial hair were under his chin and on his upper lip , resembling an immature beard .
tr	NN	A role model she is !
tr	NN	" No kidding , " she said , warming to him again .
tr	NNS	There was nothing delightful about mine .
tr	NNS	After the darkness , the colours were dazzling , and the sun on the water was painful to his eyes .
tr	NNS	Meanwhile , the statements kept scrolling up the two screens , and people watched while they ate and talked .
tr	NNS	Others are waiting for you . "
tr	NN	Such a short sentence , but it resonated through me .
tr	NNS	All types of good luck charms were worn , and many a man had a small talisman hidden away on his person .
tr	NNS	Afternoon deliveries usually arrive from two to four in the afternoon .
tr	NN	The best option he could come up with was to treat it like melding metals .
tr	NN	At last , the valet returned .
tr	NNS	After a few hours the symptoms would become worse .
tr	NN	The castle is exactly how it was in my vision .
tr	NN	The entire page was black , except for the figure at the center of it .
tr	NNS	Things had to be different now .
tr	NN	The command in his voice froze her in her tracks .
tr	NNS	All her instincts told her to cry out , to yelp from the sharp , cruel pain .
tr	NNS	" But ... " " No buts , " Samara snapped .
tr	NNS	Muscles clenched in his stomach .
tr	NN	The captain wouldn 't look at him .
tr	NNS	Her nostrils flare , and her mouth pulls into a thin line .
tr	NN	A ragged scar twisted from his left eye down the center of his cheek , a souvenir from a drunk .
tr	NN	By the time we had arrived , the agent blended and disappeared into the crowd . "
tr	NNS	Jewels would pay for that .
tr	NN	The rebellion was a great blasphemy .
tr	NN	The description he gave fits Chloe .
tr	NN	" A huge cheeseburger piled high with all the fixings , onion rings , and a chocolate Coke . "
tr	NN	I ' l read it as you put it in your diary . "
tr	NN	Your long vigil is over . "
tr	NN	The trio had obviously had quite a bit to drink .
tr	NNS	Fluffy 's jaws creaked open .
tr	NNS	Her sudden appearances came as no surprise .
tr	NN	The challenge had tripped off her tongue , spurred by wanting to have some measure of how special the occasion was for him .
tr	NNS	Marius touched the deep cut and frowned as he rubbed the blood between his fingers .
tr	NNS	" Why do werewolves and vampires hate each other ? "
tr	NN	Some researcher he was .
tr	NNS	The teachers recognized the young boy 's talent immediately .
tr	NNS	Sadness whispered in Mina 's words .
tr	NN	My boot squeaked as I stepped forward and the officer on duty whirled around , mouth wide open as I squeezed the trigger .
tr	NNS	The first soldier exchanges looks with some of the others .
tr	NNS	" Pull it together , ladies , " the dealer shouted at everyone left in the room .
tr	NN	The cafeteria we had our snacks at was ' Sam 's Lobelia . '
tr	NN	The last page was a contract .
tr	NNS	During the fleeting silence , the two nuns and three students gazed fearfully at the Mother Superior as she began marching towards them .
tr	NNS	Dangerous Beans wasn 't the head rat .
tr	NN	The slayer did not have time to turn or draw his stake before the vampire dove on his back , pulling him to the ground .
tr	NNS	Two pairs of satiny black lashes slowly opened revealing the most riveting golden eyes .
tr	NNS	Flames shot from my fingertips to ignite the hideous creature , consuming his body as if it were made from highly flammable fabric .
tr	NN	' A mate told me that gigs on their current tour of South Australia have been cancelled for security reasons . '
tr	NNS	The map changes and the shape resumes its original , ever-shifting form .
tr	NN	His language was very colorful .
tr	NNS	One blue spark leaped from his thumb , followed by several more blue sparks , creating a small lightning storm .
tr	NN	" Wait , " the commander ordered .
tr	NNS	All his responsibilities were there , his commitments , his devotion .
tr	NN	Her fragrance was ripe and enthralling , captivating him until all he could do was think about her .
tr	NN	Da Nang airport was still open , and roads south were cut , but a bus came through from Hoi An and Wil inquired .
tr	NN	And a rogue with Sovereignty is a death sentence to all . "
tr	NNS	Looks like they found a lot more of it than they should have .
tr	NN	A good healthy sneeze is all it takes to break the quartz loose , and it tumbles on down to the bottom of the gorge .
tr	NN	Finally my survival instinct took over .
tr	NNS	Animals , especially dogs , sometimes display senses only their masters understand .
tr	NN	" Or , like , that crazy optic nerve cancer that gets so big it makes your eye pop out . "
tr	NNS	" Your Highness , I am sure you remember my daughters , Annalisa and Susanna ? "
tr	NNS	The sails were beginning to strain in the steady , heavy winds .
tr	NN	The yard was just a yard .
tr	NN	At the very least , the current engagement required another eight squads of Militia Warriors .
tr	NN	" I 've been too wise for too long , " the inspector said .
tr	NNS	No worries , Matthew , it 'll be just you and me .
tr	NN	The trick wasn 't getting the bread completely fried but instead just toasted enough for each slice to form a lovely golden crust .
tr	NN	His degree in business would allow him numerous options .
tr	NNS	But your teachers make me angry .
tr	NNS	" Anyway , after the first of the year , my dresses are debuting for a huge label in Paris .
tr	NNS	The Little Man Questions " Alice , when are they going to come to meet us ?
tr	NN	A chorus of chuckles echoed .
tr	NNS	These goblins did not come from any place on this side of the mountain .
tr	NN	The angel smiled and nodded , " She 's fine Ben .
tr	NN	That hunk of unfeeling male perfection only chuckled harder .
tr	NN	The condition of the body was a far cry from what I 'd seen just a day earlier .
tr	NN	The colonel came up into the hole .
tr	NNS	Black spots dotted her vision as she fought for breath .
tr	NN	And then the hallucination , if it was that , happened .
tr	NNS	And then , suddenly , the rats came swarming out of the darkness .
tr	NN	Her bedside manner did not suck , damn it .
tr	NNS	The spikes definitely suited the woman 's frosted personality .
tr	NNS	They 'd been regarded by the Carpathian people as two of the most powerful families , warriors unsurpassed by many .
tr	NN	One sentence caught his eye : " He says the last hero ought to return what the first hero stole . "
tr	NNS	Did the swarms fear the helicopter ?
tr	NNS	Achilles managed to mumble out an order to release them .
tr	NNS	" Your observation skills are getting better .
tr	NNS	Images came and went so fast that Kenneth could not keep up with them all .
tr	NN	" You need to stay home today , the factory will survive without you for one day .
tr	NNS	" Why are members of the Dark Council coming here ? "
tr	NN	The jaguar raced away as if she 'd bitten it .
tr	NN	The massive scar that cut across his entire face moved with the silent words .
tr	NN	Her incredulity rose with his every word .
tr	NNS	The countess still looked upon him as a Baron , not a lieutenant .
tr	NN	On her bed sat a rigid Trevor ... glaring at Cade .
tr	NNS	The tailored suits he 'd been wearing while on duty in DC looked incredible on him , though Zane knew Ty hated to wear them .
tr	NNS	" The pancakes here are awesome . "
tr	NN	Her orgasm seized her body in a rush of blinding pleasure that had her crying out uncontrollably .
tr	NN	There was a subtle blending of the features of her face , as parents ' faces would combine in the face of their child .
tr	NNS	" No buts , we 'll get through it , look at how much we 've already gotten through .
tr	NNS	For the first time in months , his actions matched his heart .
tr	NN	You still working on that run down cattle ranch with your mommy and daddy ?
tr	NNS	His vital signs are steady , and he doesn 't have a fever .
tr	NN	A grimace of pain shot across his features .
tr	NN	The audience clapped as the lights dimmed and clowns filed out from pretty much every direction .
tr	NNS	The crucial cells become inert and then disintegrate within seconds .
tr	NNS	Words were the most powerful tool .
tr	NN	A tiny trickle was making its way down the side of the stalactite and forming droplets that fell a few feet to the stalagmite .
tr	NN	The implication was that small-town middle of farm country wasn 't the most likely place to find a writer of paranormal thrillers .
tr	NNS	But appearances were deceiving .
tr	NN	My uncle is closing up . "
tr	NN	Like I said , there was a fair degree of complicity by those who are in charge up here . "
tr	NNS	" What are tracker wolves ? "
tr	NNS	The rats drove them by here only yesterday .
tr	NNS	Our tongues would tangle .
tr	NNS	David and Dr. Salem were watching Ashley , who was seated in a chair .
tr	NN	Part of me hopes he will , but the other side knows it 'll just make things more complicated .
tr	NN	The tender stood and watched .
tr	NN	Obviously , the master wanted to stay hidden .
tr	NN	Os ' mar pushed the stone on the side of the door to the side as a scanner popped out .
tr	NN	There was a light tap on the door .
tr	NN	The other eyeball escaped and more blood soaked the face .
tr	NN	A strange glint filled Grey 's eyes .
tr	NN	The bum curled up in the fetal position on the grass near the lake , using his arm as a pillow .
tr	NN	" Last Chance is in the middle of nowhere .
tr	NNS	But some idiots just couldn 't keep quiet .
tr	NNS	The other passengers stared sideways at the crumpled vice president , still preoccupied with his communiqué .
tr	NNS	The twins had matching cribs in a bedroom that had been converted to a full-fledged nursery .
tr	NN	The accent was just seasoning on a flawless English .
tr	NN	" Another trick , " Mai assures , appearing next to the boy and staring at the spot where the specter vanished .
tr	NNS	The factions have divided us , but now we will be united .
tr	NNS	The longer chains could wrap around and incapacitate an opponent , while a dagger finished the job .
tr	NN	First , the sub is unstable on the surface .
tr	NN	She tasted his lips on her own , felt the sweep of his tongue .
tr	NNS	In the four years since my dad died , the journeys had provided her with needed distraction and a reason to get up every morning .
tr	NN	The cafeteria was one floor down , through a pair of big red doors that warned of the dangers inside .
tr	NN	Heading straight upstairs only one door was open , his inability to move objects without his gloves left the choice an easy one .
tr	NN	" Your help is here , " the secretary told him .
tr	NN	" An exercise of sound judgment . "
tr	NN	" What are the dwarfs saying about it ? "
tr	NN	The landing was dimly lit by the glow of the downstairs lights ; at least his mum had managed to find the switch .
tr	NN	All that mattered was quieting the vampire so that her ears would stop feeling like knives were slicing them up .
tr	NN	How did the caller get his number ?
tr	NN	A local news announcement had interrupted the sporting event .
tr	NNS	Dark pupils dilated wildly within a sea of wintry grey .
tr	NN	On two of the tables was traditional jewellery made of reeds , leaves and bright beads .
tr	NNS	Shay gritted her teeth as she turned to glare at the iron bars that held her captive .
tr	NNS	Wild images of panic and excitement flared in his mind .
tr	NN	Fortunately this proclamation was effective , and soon orderliness returned .
tr	NN	The damage appeared extensive .
tr	NN	The stench was bad outside .
tr	NNS	But the whispers dogged her every step as she walked through the mall .
tr	NNS	But still , his ideas are pretty awesome .
tr	NNS	" Several key members from the board will be there and will put in their vote for the designer they prefer at that time . "
tr	NNS	My classes dragged by , and I was as invisible as ever to the other students .
tr	NNS	As soon as they saw me , the wolves scuttled even farther into the shadows .
tr	NNS	The symptoms fit . "
tr	NNS	Our coaches argued with the head ref as more objections came from the other sideline .
tr	NN	A deputy brought her a bottle of water and a snack .
tr	NN	The scenario , while excruciating , made sense .
tr	NNS	Words he regretted saying as soon as he 'd said them .
tr	NNS	More blades emerged from the dark , presumably while Deirdre was still transforming into her demonic aspect .
tr	NNS	Angelus took a step toward Xavier , and Xavier took a step back .
tr	NNS	My grandparents never talked about my father .
tr	NNS	All characters in this book are fictitious , and any resemblance to real persons , living or dead , is coincidental .
tr	NN	The captain looked at her men .
tr	NNS	Others followed that example .
tr	NN	The trio was waiting for a military team from the U.S. Army Garrison over at Fort Knox to arrive and escort them to the Bullion Depository .
tr	NNS	The possibilities were endless ... I was shocked when she took my hand and pulled me into the bedroom , toward the bed .
tr	NNS	" Things have changed somewhat , father . "
tr	NN	Love began to put himself in the killer 's shoes .
tr	NNS	Dark uniforms raced through the night , illuminated by the swirling red and blue beams of light .
tr	NNS	There was that cheerfulness again .
tr	NN	A dull thud came from the wall behind me and broke the fight with a sudden silence .
tr	NN	The lieutenant had multiple wounds , but had refused to be made unconscious , preferring to help organize the company and suffer the pain .
tr	NNS	No shiny dresses or balls for her , but that doesn 't make her less of a goddess to me .
tr	NNS	The swarms instantly spun and chased him .
tr	NN	" No crazy fan has ever made actual physical contact . "
tr	NNS	Screams drowned out the sound of sizzling flesh but nothing contained the smell of burning skin and hair .
tr	NN	A tour would be delightful . "
tr	NN	The timbre was that of a phone sex operator , which put it seriously out of its element in a church .
tr	NNS	The roads were simple enough .
tr	NN	Though he was apt in every subject , literature and languages were his favorites at school .
tr	NN	The challenge , he knew , was to not let Henry know why he was so interested .
tr	NN	" When did my daddy die , Mama ? "
tr	NN	Almighty U.S. dollar became fancy toilet tissue .
tr	NN	" My heart is juvenile and unlearned , " said Arun the helper .
tr	NNS	Lights glowed through restaurant windows , but there were few patrons at this hour .
tr	NN	The leader of the mule train was a man named McFarland .
tr	NNS	Hands on her hips , her feline sensibilities offended , she snapped , " What about me ? "
tr	NNS	Rags chased it and brought it back to Michael .
tr	NN	The castle was already dark , most of its inhabitants asleep .
tr	NN	The envoy quickly shrugged off Droopy 's grasp and retreated across the room , saying , " I am calling Moscow .
tr	NN	A few hours later the beeps don 't wake me , but the frustrated shout of someone across the room does .
tr	NN	The only clear liquid you 've had to drink in a year is vodka . "
tr	NN	A tiny thrill shot through me , but I quickly squashed it .
tr	NN	A resort the Vice President was staying at .
tr	NN	The Master peered at him .
tr	NNS	" The roads are not good .
tr	NN	Below the shield is a scroll , which has inscribed : LEARNING AND KNOWLEDGE GIVES TRUST .
tr	NN	A chorus of " aws " and " oohs " went up throughout the crowd of reporters .
tr	NN	The polished armour of the knights shimmered as the sun shone through a gap in the clouds above .
tr	NN	' How hard 's the odd growl for you to recall , eh ? '
tr	NN	The phoenix glared at Ryder and warned , " You don 't want to tangle with me . "
tr	NN	" My audience awaits . "
tr	NN	" The clearing you 're looking for is about three hundred yards to the left . "
tr	NN	Its fur was rippling now , as if there were snakes crawling under its skin .
tr	NN	" See , I am right , " Killer said .
tr	NNS	Only members of this committee may vote .
tr	NNS	The preparations for the night 's festivities took days .
tr	NNS	There 's millions of the damn shells , for a start . '
tr	NN	The dragon answered , apparently having full knowledge of Jake 's previous activities .
tr	NNS	The fireworks sparkled overhead , pounding like drums .
tr	NN	He fell forward , his heart undeniably stopped by the jolt .
tr	NN	A tremor shook the floor .
tr	NNS	Looks like you 've got a good lawyer for Hannah .
tr	NNS	" And the ladies better watch out for Michael Parnell .
tr	NN	The engines ' roar began to subside , and the vibration was hardly noticeable .
tr	NN	The van started moving again .
tr	NN	A slightly built dwarf at one of the tables was watching him with interest , as though he was some kind of fascinating monster .
tr	NNS	What factors had shifted .
tr	NNS	The gorillas were very close - close enough for him to touch them , close enough to smell the sweet , musty odor of their bodies .
tr	NNS	Grasping tongues stretched toward Seth , and he swung the hoe viciously .
tr	NNS	There were huge gaps in his understanding of so many things .
tr	NNS	" Their properties vary statistically . "
tr	NN	And the long glint of metal swords drooping from their hands .
tr	NNS	Cars passing , just a few feet away , at 60 miles an hour , approaching each other at 120 miles an hour .
tr	NN	Her fur misted into jumpsuit and skin .
tr	NN	The newcomer was tall .
tr	NNS	The changes in her had started when her husband walked out on her .
tr	NN	Though perhaps there 's a simpler explanation .
tr	NNS	The sobs wracking his body were an indicator he 'd already accepted the fact his grandpa had passed on .
tr	NNS	The two figures stared at each other and the captain spoke again .
tr	NN	There was simply no spark between them .
tr	NNS	The strands glowed like spun gold in the light from the fire .
tr	NN	The outline grew larger .
tr	NNS	As she stood at the back of the church , butterflies swarmed in her stomach , but no reservations about what she was doing made her hesitate .
tr	NN	His valet lifted up his hands in mock fear and walked out .
tr	NN	My hand darts to the door handle .
tr	NNS	" The best thing we can do , " said Jacob , " is step it up a few notches with Toby .
tr	NN	" Morning doc . "
tr	NN	The courthouse was in the new County Building a few blocks away .
tr	NNS	" Concert tickets , " Dad corrected .
tr	NNS	The ladies are always bugging me about not bringing a lady friend , so I thought I would oblige them , for once . "
tr	NN	Part of him would rather be free to play but most of him would rather be with Dana .
tr	NNS	Even his computer geek skills weren 't helping at the moment , but then this wasn 't a regular mission .
tr	NN	The dimple in his chin deepened again .
tr	NN	The fan is blowing full force in our humble shack 's living room .
tr	NN	He stayed at attention even seated , his spine rigid , and kept wringing his cap .
tr	NN	Then a haunting set of whispers , as if the trio had met in the middle of the room to strategize .
tr	NN	The appeal to Audrey 's pride worked where nothing else might have .
tr	NN	There 's no justice at all .
tr	NN	A minute later there was a click at the pump ; the tank was full .
tr	NNS	Movie posters and theater announcements graced the walls , each one representing a client .
tr	NN	His mane of blond hair rippled down his back , and his blue eyes sparkled from his white , white face .
tr	NNS	Orders lost , samples not sent , tests not done .
tr	NN	Chewy sucked the noodles up , red sauce lining his mouth , and grabbed the phone from Mrs. Gill .
tr	NN	The deputy removed the cuffs from Blake 's huge wrists .
tr	NN	The Puerto Rican chick stood right inside the doorway , her hands on her voluptuous ' junk ' and her eyes filled with fury .
tr	NNS	Around him , the younger warriors were now within ten yards of the house , and showed no sign of slowing their advance .
tr	NN	The electricity stayed MIA , which had me questioning if I 'd imagined the whole thing to begin with .
tr	NN	" Partly " - I lifted my finger - " take notes on how a person utilizes the word partly . "
tr	NNS	The nurses finally calmed her down a bit with a game of checkers . "
tr	NN	A tremor wracked him , and he yelled with rage .
tr	NN	Our plump predicament comes from the way we think .
tr	NNS	Names , characters and incidents are products of the author 's imagination .
tr	NN	Finally , the caller spoke .
tr	NN	A large snake wrapped around a branch above his head moved slightly to take a look at him .
tr	NNS	The butterflies in my stomach flutter wildly as my uncle 's apartment comes into view .
tr	NN	A thin layer of sweat cloaked the backs of the horses as they continued their orderly canter .
tr	NN	Her bedchamber was a private room where she changed and slept .
tr	NNS	The security cameras show them in there moving around so we know they 're not dead .
tr	NNS	And jumpy guardians were never a good thing .
tr	NN	" It keeps her happy , " the sheriff responded .
tr	NN	Her honesty aroused him , as did the image of her seizing her own gratification through use of his body .
tr	NNS	' My jaws are starting to lock up , so I don 't think I can hold this expression for long . '
tr	NNS	Things implanted in my body .
tr	NNS	" But where do the images of the runes come from , do you think ? "
tr	NNS	The dwarves shot each other .
tr	NN	I pulled my shirt off , then left to go to the bathroom so I could grab her some pain medicine and a cup of water .
tr	NN	There was an intrigued sparkle in his eyes , and Hanna could tell he was considering saying yes .
tr	NNS	There were several down pillows scattered about and a thick white blanket lay folded at the foot .
tr	NNS	Cars filled with potential buyers searching for curbside parking edged slowly past the auction site .
tr	NN	Instead of organ music , a guitarist begins playing and a beautiful girl with long black hair starts down the aisle , being escorted by a man .
tr	NN	" A graveyard is no place for arguing .
tr	NN	The chase and fracas at the platform had left me gritty , sweaty , and generally rumpled .
tr	NNS	Our chances are precious small to begin , and we will do a good deal better with you there . "
tr	NNS	All characters in this publication have no existence outside the imagination of the author and have no relation whatsoever to anyone bearing the same name or names .
tr	NNS	Elias felt himself turning red .
tr	NNS	There were several squirrels that were playing and I enjoyed watching them while I ate my fruit .
tr	NNS	The letters were utterly unfamiliar .
tr	NN	But I wouldn , t know if it was on fire .
tr	NN	The soft rustle of a coyote in the woods caught Cassie 's attention .
tr	NNS	The women 's expressions softened .
tr	NN	" My lord , a number of my men can confirm this .
tr	NNS	His instincts had all but clubbed him over the head that the clothes didn 't match the woman inside .
tr	NN	Then the guilt pricked .
tr	NN	Her blush deepened , and he removed his hand and rose .
tr	NNS	All the characters have to endure a great deal of trials and tribulations before reaching a happy ending .
tr	NN	There was a clatter as the spear the man had held tumbled down the marble stairs .
tr	NNS	" The ladies ' room .
tr	NN	On paper , the goal of nirvana is attainable by anyone , although it may only be a realistic goal for members of the monastic community .
tr	NNS	Others began to loudly agree .
tr	NNS	Amazons healed as slowly as humans , so she knew she would suffer like this for many weeks to come .
tr	NN	Her white nightgown was spotless .
tr	NNS	If the legends were true .
tr	NNS	The gears in her brain turned very slowly .
tr	NN	There was a brief exchange .
tr	NN	Winkler and company received invitations , too .
tr	NN	Oliver looked up , the intent frown still lining his features .
tr	NNS	Flames engulf my master .
tr	NNS	Summers without my wolf were bad enough .
tr	NN	A growl ripped up my throat .
tr	NN	" No illicit flirting ? "
tr	NN	Hearing this , the sheriff ran to the crane operator and spoke with him briefly .
tr	NNS	The paintings are on the wall , large and small .
tr	NN	Her hesitation was brief .
tr	NNS	Bottles got on his bike , but the cousins blocked his way .
tr	NNS	Two tunnels descended into the asteroid , one on either end of Erebus Station .
tr	NNS	The organs in my throat seemed to swell , and I swallowed rapidly to try to keep my airway open .
tr	NNS	Things have a way of working out if you want them too . "
tr	NNS	The three mercenaries laughed .
tr	NNS	Things are over with me and my boyfriend .
tr	NN	- My daddy also badly need that diet grub like this .
tr	NN	The leech came loose , thrashing violently .
tr	NN	The captain won fairly .
tr	NNS	The tentacles rose as one .
tr	NN	Parliament 's little rebellion had seemed sure to fall , but now they have escaped our trap !
tr	NN	" Awwwww ... , " the TV audience said .
tr	NNS	There were no cats near , and she was glad of it .
tr	NN	The dark gold rim of a watch peeped from his waistcoat pocket .
tr	NNS	So he heard it properly , hits already wasn 't his imagination .
tr	NN	" Excavating mass graves .
tr	NN	Near the bottom , over a mile down , hovering above the ocean floor , a blood-red , cyclone vortex raged .
tr	NNS	The band members exchanged a glance , then Rob leapt up and put an Adele song on the stereo .
tr	NNS	The summers in Milford were not quite so peaceful .
tr	NN	Her savior was as tall as the bouncer , but slender .
tr	NN	' There 's a plateau just above the trees .
tr	NNS	A few nurses bustled down the hallway , not paying any attention to her .
tr	NN	At this point even football sounds decent .
tr	NNS	Things to help you as you go on , because you will go on .
tr	NN	Song continued to feel the rock doorway , her delicate fingers brushing against cracks and bumps .
tr	NN	My secretary looks after everything the man had said .
tr	NN	Somewhere a glint of light shone on his eyes , or maybe his eyes glowed of their own accord .
tr	NN	The teacher stepped back almost as if he thought I was going to have a go .
tr	NN	" The twelfth Maker tried to .
tr	NNS	The ceiling fans circled above , providing just enough breeze to keep us from sweating .
tr	NN	If his information from Elijah was correct , there was a staircase cut into the ground .
tr	NNS	Words are not adequate to explain the surge of emotions that I was undergoing that very moment .
tr	NNS	The changes spread far behind their little world .
tr	NN	A balcony encircled the second story .
tr	NNS	The passengers dispersed quickly and Howie tried to take Alex by the elbow and guide him down to their cabin .
tr	NNS	Screaming winds drove the rain against the house like a hurricane .
tr	NNS	Around me , excited murmurs rose as curiosity took hold .
tr	NNS	Why didn 't the tigers kill me ? "
tr	NN	Phase one was sitting around the table , ordering pizza , and arguing .
tr	NN	A metal chandelier hung over the center island .
tr	NN	At our speed , the transition between countryside and city was instantaneous .
tr	NNS	In the explosive height of the loft , barn swallows took shadowed wing .
tr	NNS	Romulus stood suddenly and growled .
tr	NNS	The last bits of debris from the Tunnels were settling to the ground .
tr	NNS	" There were at least ten tiles on that wall .
tr	NNS	Even now , the effects of the past week lingered .
tr	NN	A stake through the heart kills them .
tr	NN	The pretty blonde smiled .
tr	NN	But more importantly , the gas had hurt Josie .
tr	NNS	On the other , grassy hills and majestic pines swayed gracefully with the ever-changing Atlantic winds .
tr	NNS	Most ghosts don 't even seem to be aware that they are dead . "
tr	NN	Storm swears she 's found her angels .
tr	NN	Its design was exquisite .
tr	NNS	The ladies whooped as Iona kicked her shoes off and danced in .
tr	NN	Part of her wanted to confront him , but she knew she needed time .
tr	NNS	Things worked out for me and Rob .
tr	NNS	Animals that would charge her .
tr	NNS	Three guesses why . "
tr	NNS	The careful calculations of weight and balance had paid off .
tr	NN	A shield on his belt identified him as a detective with the Miami police .
tr	NNS	Parental instincts he hadn 't even known he possessed went on full-scale alert .
tr	NNS	" Things have gone way too far . "
tr	NNS	The cosmos can and did exist for billions of years , without life being present .
tr	NNS	There were several items I needed here , among them , sugar , tea , and mason jars .
tr	NN	Once , hard , a stroke quick as lightning with her fist all balled up like a coiled snake .
tr	NNS	His sobs echoed through the cavernous wasteland .
tr	NNS	The council members and vampire rogues from London disappeared into the mist quickly after that .
tr	NNS	The glow from the tightly spaced vertical UV bars stung his hypersensitive eyes , but he didn 't care .
tr	NNS	Making potions was one of my hobbies .
tr	NN	The vicar beamed with approval .
tr	NN	The lust filled him near to bursting .
tr	NNS	Alexis sat back down on the sofa and stared at the telephone .
tr	NN	" Ok , the big thing is the voice , ok ? "
tr	NN	My guilt must 've been a powerful emotion for it to come back so quickly .
tr	NNS	" As you can imagine , good old Hephaestus wasn 't too happy about that . "
tr	NNS	The few illustrations were beautiful , and only one strange spell was contained within the faded pages .
tr	NN	A spark of joy danced in his eyes .
tr	NNS	The other warriors had their own demons - literally and figuratively .
tr	NN	The sheriff and his deputy jumped out of their car , guns in hands .
tr	NN	The lady 's maid from before attended me , and I surely worried her with my mumbled thoughts .
tr	NNS	Looks like we 'll get along then , Headmaster . "
tr	NN	On the horizon , lightning was flickering in steady rhythm , making the clouds blink .
tr	NNS	Things were different now , complicated and yet less so .
tr	NNS	Sirens rose in the distance .
tr	NN	The growl of engines drew both their attentions to the front door .
tr	NN	If they lingered too long , capture would mean proper death this time .
tr	NNS	The two nuns simply straightened and inclined their heads in acceptance before leaving the two women alone .
tr	NN	However , her singing fame , combined with her stunning good looks , was certainly worthy of the attention of her social betters .
tr	NNS	Their ages ranged from 70 to 77 with # 10 being the youngest .
tr	NNS	Lots of guys are cute . "
tr	NNS	" And triple pepperoni pizza ?
tr	NN	The electrical tape peeled off and the microphone fell with an amplified thunk to the lectern .
tr	NN	The lens appeared at the nexus of the maelstrom , rotating into position above them .
tr	NNS	The shots were very quick , nearly overlapping .
tr	NN	" And hey , that 's what a thesis committee is for , isn 't it ? "
tr	NN	Soon , the restroom was quiet , and Devon entered a stall , hoping the room stayed silent .
tr	NNS	Aurelius clapped a hand on Domenico 's back .
tr	NN	Not that landing put her much closer to crawling into bed and sleeping away the exhaustion and frustration of the past hours .
tr	NNS	The creatures frolicked , oblivious to the approaching galleon .
tr	NNS	Reyes finally rose to leave .
tr	NNS	The whispers of the lights have almost died away .
tr	NN	The first session as a Bellator is the hardest because it exerts the body more than we 're used to .
tr	NNS	The hobbits saw several horsemen fall ; but their line held on up the hill and over it , and wheeled round and charged again .
tr	NN	" Your great grandmother bought that for you . "
tr	NN	Her suitcase is open , spilling into the dirt of the street .
tr	NN	Saint 's takeover and eventual clean up of the Western Territories .
tr	NN	Every nerve ending in my body tensed suddenly .
tr	NNS	The other Council members shared guarded glances .
tr	NN	The dialect was interesting and unique .
tr	NN	" Who 's the tease now ? "
tr	NN	The latter option was tempting .
tr	NNS	Reyes shoved a hand through his tangled hair , a few strands ripping from his scalp .
tr	NNS	Those cases I told your assistant about referred to the work we 've done with mice .
tr	NNS	Things got real , and then he got gone .
tr	NN	The current edition was a reproduction of the story in the Press .
tr	NN	A live presentation by this author was far more interesting than merely reading his writing , which had been engaging enough .
tr	NNS	The open gates pleaded for clemency .
tr	NNS	My classes seemed to go much slower than usual .
tr	NNS	Yes , the gates were up ahead , and the guards were pulling open the doors for the pair .
tr	NNS	His scans are normal .
tr	NN	The angel soared into the air and chased after it with incredible speed , a streak of pure white light trailing after it .
tr	NNS	Our tongues found each other and intertwined as we lost ourselves .
tr	NN	The elf slid a food tray at Kylie .
tr	NN	A tremble started in her shoulders , then worked its way through her entire body .
tr	NNS	" The two detectives investigating Barrett 's death were just here .
tr	NN	" The dock is over here , just on the other side of this hill .
tr	NN	The knight can wait . "
tr	NN	" Who was their leader ?
tr	NN	Your habit of tardiness annoys ! "
tr	NN	The over large Northern player looked down on Joan and smiled afterwards .
tr	NNS	My sincerest apologies , " John said .
tr	NNS	Holiday shoppers filled the crowded mall .
tr	NN	Her superior manner rubbed me the wrong way , but it was her party , and I was her guest .
tr	NNS	All characters in this book are fictitious , and any resemblance to real persons , living or dead , is coincidental .
tr	NN	Sadly , there isn 't a tail or fangs or pointy ears to mark them as one of the bitten .
tr	NNS	Two torches on the wall served as the room 's source of light .
tr	NNS	Did these odd cells have something to do with fighting disease ?
tr	NNS	But before her presence there were letters between her and the monks .
tr	NN	Darling reclined there on the bed , strands still splayed , hard and huge and full of sin .
tr	NNS	Reyes noticed the design of Danika 's painting for the first time .
tr	NN	The metal square moves , but only by an inch .
tr	NNS	Two bright spots of reflected light came from inside the tunnel .
tr	NNS	Several creatures were standing around this platform studying it .
tr	NN	Only a sliver of light penetrated the darkness illuminating the dust that swirled in the air .
tr	NN	The beautiful redhead smiled at me .
tr	NNS	His pupils dilate as he stares at me in amusement .
tr	NNS	Looks like she went there to die , and I was sent away from there because someone didn 't want me .
tr	NNS	Don 't those lousy , no-good Americans know that I am helping them ?
tr	NNS	The ramifications -- if it were true -- were mind boggling .
tr	NNS	Others were nearing us .
tr	NN	The teacher 's already know that I won 't be here tomorrow .
tr	NN	Surprised , the startled dwarf glanced at the crate .
tr	NNS	The cells in my body are subject to deterioration , to a process called aging and - " " They 're gathered in San Francisco .
tr	NN	His altar 's drying out , and it needs fresh blood . '
tr	NNS	Country weddings are normally rather informal affairs .
tr	NNS	Her perfectly man-made boobs fill the thing up .
tr	NN	Slowly , Love pulled his gun slipped off the safety catch and replaced the weapon in his holster .
tr	NNS	The edges of the cover are tattered and some of the pages are falling off from the spiral .
tr	NNS	Two figures walked past ; one went to her , the other stayed with him .
tr	NNS	The images clicked through at one-second intervals .
tr	NN	The sheriff tilted his head like a bird about to peck , and she realized he was trying to intimidate her in his own peculiar way .
tr	NNS	Honey 's eyelids drooped at that one .
tr	NNS	The elevators moved more slowly now and disgorged fewer beings .
tr	NNS	Tiny pearl studs still dotted her earlobes .
tr	NN	The scar seemed to pulse at her menacingly and she swallowed , having forgotten how much it unnerved her .
tr	NN	Only one organization had the resources to ride gas-powered vehicles -- it was the military .
tr	NN	The chore required four trips in all with the dolly piled high .
tr	NNS	When he started back in their direction , a million sirens went off in his mind .
tr	NN	Her deep plum sweater shifted as she moved .
tr	NN	At the beginning of the year , the teacher told her students it would prepare them for real life .
tr	NNS	Things like surgical pins and pacemakers . "
tr	NNS	Lives don 't matter to them . "
tr	NNS	A few paintings of western scenes hung around the room .
tr	NNS	' Our dear fathers are so eager to see their favorite in battle that they will see to it that we leave on schedule .
tr	NNS	" Healthy couples talk about things . "
tr	NNS	Things are going to change soon and I 'm going to be the one to change them .
tr	NN	I don 't care what relationship you had in the past with her , a gentleman never disrespects a woman . "
tr	NN	" Her next oldest sister . "
tr	NN	Work on that book of recipes you keep saying you want to write . "
tr	NNS	The undulating heaps rose steeply to a height of over thirty metres in some cases .
tr	NNS	The nearest rats jerked away as it did so , bending like a wave .
tr	NNS	Only the most important clients , employees and a few personal friends have this number .
tr	NNS	More crows joined them , hunched , black smears against the gray sky .
tr	NNS	But her experiences with the wraiths have been worse than most .
tr	NNS	My motives are my own .
tr	NN	" And the term , LAV ? "
tr	NN	With it rose her hunger .
tr	NNS	Thoughts scuttled frenetically in his head .
tr	NN	The student had found it hilarious -- from the safety of the hallway .
tr	NNS	Three slats ( decades ) in the planning and he comes along and brings it all crashing down in a flit ( an hour ) .
tr	NN	The dragon rose with great caution , fearful of jarring his rider .
tr	NNS	There were house servants who do the house chores , butlers running down the backyard cleaning the cars , and then ... I saw you . "
tr	NN	This cove , the lake , the grand beautiful day would bless their union .
tr	NN	" My adrenaline was about to shoot through my eyes !
tr	NNS	The servants , especially the women , treated her like she was porcelain .
tr	NNS	The twins laughed when they saw him and clapped their hands .
tr	NNS	Immortals have no soul .
tr	NN	A loud crash came out from the distance and that is when Avery heads the young boy start to cry .
tr	NN	There was only passion .
tr	NN	The siren was getting closer .
tr	NNS	When he opened his eyes again , the edges of his vision were dark and sparkling .
tr	NNS	What else did the immortals want ?
tr	NN	The pucker left my lips and I slumped down , growing upset when Michael would not let me sit down on the cold earth .
tr	NN	Her grandmother sobs with tears into the handkerchief , too .
tr	NNS	Metal bars separated us .
tr	NNS	His actions were jerky , but when he looked up at her , his expression suggested he didn 't give a damn .
tr	NNS	The new arrivals had evidently caught the tail end of a bitter quarrel .
tr	NN	The large policeman on my left turned around and then fell backwards with a hole in his head .
tr	NN	That gap yawned between them again , and Nora wondered suddenly if she 'd imagined the longing in her daughter 's eyes .
tr	NN	" There 's not enough plastic surgery in the world to turn that man into Kyle Drake .
tr	NNS	Others around the table began to look suspiciously in Ward 's direction .
tr	NNS	The butterflies rippled through my stomach , making my breathing much more labored as I breathlessly said , " Yeah .
tr	NNS	Old ladies threw pieces of knitting , pillows and feather dusters at each other as if they were bombs .
tr	NNS	Words from my counselor that had been nipping away at my subconscious suddenly bloomed into life right before my eyes .
tr	NNS	All the punches landed , but her opponent hanged on to consciousness and tried to defend herself with a left hook .
tr	NNS	Those bottomless depths he had once dived into , bringing back with him two sleeping warriors .
tr	NNS	Here the land slopes right into the bay and hundreds of buildings poke out half submerged along the horizon .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of drowning flashed through her mind .
tr	NN	The mountain facing them seemed to reach right up to the sky .
tr	NNS	So the legends said .
tr	NNS	Questions and doubts tumbled through Stacy 's mind .
tr	NN	There 's an airport , Le Bourget .
tr	NNS	On the third day , however , strong winds arose .
tr	NNS	Flowers with blooms as big as plates basked in the sun .
tr	NN	Not really a necessary precaution since there were other ways of safeguarding the people and things he treasured .
tr	NNS	The images swirled and shifted , over and over .
tr	NNS	Shouts broke out as Jesse woke , struggling and fighting .
tr	NN	His sacrifice had to mean something to her .
tr	NNS	Makes me sleep easier at night knowing we have brave , dedicated men like you taking care of us .
tr	NNS	The printing presses and machines were in the middle third of the floor , like an island .
tr	NN	" Where is this other gargoyle ? "
tr	NN	A bullet blew the cigarette right out of Bobby 's mouth and continued past the group to shatter the glass panel on the convenient store door .
tr	NNS	If Fortescue was right , their actions killed six million people and triggered the French Revolution .
tr	NN	A metallic ping ping ping , a gentle lub dub then nothing .
tr	NNS	There are no roads , just avenues between , through , and around the buildings .
tr	NN	There 's her veil . "
tr	NNS	Her eyelids began to droop , and she fought back a yawn .
tr	NN	Love was more than just a lesson or an acquired skill , and in a few days , she would be my wife .
tr	NNS	There were no trails ; we just followed the rivers .
tr	NN	His tutor , the old scholar Warwick , bowed to his king from his perch atop a nearby stool .
tr	NNS	18 WATCH YOUR BACK That night Emma lay in Sutton 's bed , wide awake .
tr	NNS	Both factions had great abilities but those abilities are what set them apart .
tr	NNS	Nicodemus knocked Sanya 's saber out to one side .
tr	NNS	" Small minds are always looking for something to occupy them .
tr	NNS	Beyond them , there were a few low-slung huts .
tr	NN	" Our emergency network has collapsed .
tr	NN	For through you redemption will come ! "
tr	NNS	" These openings are the only way out . "
tr	NN	The tribe plans to sacrifice me . "
tr	NNS	My instincts told me to run and just keep running while my lungs told me to stop nearly every second .
tr	NNS	As Jack stands up , handfuls of sand pour off his chest and lap onto the corduroy couch .
tr	NN	My sketchbook was next to it .
tr	NN	" Aye , ' t is a good sign to be sure .
tr	NNS	Sirens and screams and mad dashes .
tr	NNS	The two aliens were reportedly angry that their followers were being executed , and so they had predicted various plagues .
tr	NN	" Okay , so this Marino creep knew something about the logistics of the thing .
tr	NNS	There are some sacred rites we still perform that are none of your business .
tr	NN	The glee struggles to burst from my chest .
tr	NN	The sentence ended politely , on a question .
tr	NN	Her eyes flutter -- making my heart stop -- then close again .
tr	NN	A large hood at the top concealed the face from view .
tr	NNS	Lights flooded the tunnel .
tr	NN	Its capture boom , a long metal triangle , entered the port 's funnel , scraping slightly along the edge .
tr	NNS	The domes were broad rather than high , which was a good thing , since otherwise the going would have been considerably more difficult .
tr	NN	But his pounding must have already woken Marika and her father .
tr	NNS	" Typical Stefan , sacrificing himself , " he muttered angrily .
tr	NN	The lamp lit a giant dome on top of a pole .
tr	NN	In that corner of the paddock , there was a stack of wooden pallets that reached almost to the top of the wall .
tr	NNS	The images were now a blurred , swirling mass of emotions .
tr	NNS	The strands fell off his arm .
tr	NNS	" Your actions speak otherwise . "
tr	NNS	As his wife explained , the in-laws could not understand why she and Joe were going to work out their marriage .
tr	NN	His spine stiffened noticeably .
tr	NNS	Lots of folk are worse off . "
tr	NNS	Lights streamed past overhead .
tr	NNS	Chills started there , beneath my mouth .
tr	NNS	There were no signs of life to betray the presence of the people inside the bank building .
tr	NNS	The wolves disappeared in the distance , presumably to hunt their early afternoon meal .
tr	NN	The embarrassment was already wiggling through her , causing her fingers to tighten around the pen .
tr	NNS	For James , there was a cold emptiness to most places .
tr	NN	The van is turning , and I see what could be a road sign up ahead , but everything is blurry and fading .
tr	NN	The new Master of the Order hadn 't called upon the Chosen One for even a job that needed doing off-world in some exotic location .
tr	NNS	Several nurses and doctors stood hovering around a bed .
tr	NNS	Our sources tell us that there are currently seven clans out there . "
tr	NNS	In between running back and forth to the spare bedroom to check on my babies , the final preparations went by quickly .
tr	NNS	Shouts of laughter and agreement , and Mikkel pushed Selwyn towards the horse trough .
tr	NNS	Flames shot again into the air , as did an acid so potent that it ate away a crater in the dirty earth wherever it hit .
tr	NNS	The authorities everywhere will overlook a little smuggling for a bottle of vodka or two , or a tin of tobacco .
tr	NN	Unfortunately for her , her weakness came in the form of the most attractive , frustrating , stubborn warlock ever .
tr	NN	Her mortal form , anyway , and you had no idea I was going to pass the tests .
tr	NN	The explorers themselves hadn 't expected to return as quickly .
tr	NN	His body language radiated pure confidence .
tr	NNS	File cabinets and shelves of supplies filled the other .
tr	NNS	... Katy Things went from bad to craptastic in a matter of seconds .
tr	NNS	There were no signs of ... anything .
tr	NN	A political abduction , however , doesn 't involve money , but behavior .
tr	NN	There was an added radiance in his eyes as he entered the house noiselessly , wondering what exactly he should find .
tr	NNS	' No playing cards , no graffiti , no firearms , ' " read Viktor . "
tr	NNS	My lies had worked too well , and now they 'd trapped me .
tr	NNS	Oh , no , repairs are so costly . "
tr	NNS	Romulus grabbed a knife and used its point to trace around Viktor 's hands .
tr	NN	Slow , unhurried , the beautiful ancient chant filled the night with hope and promise .
tr	NN	Her core was already saturated , hungry and needy to be filled .
tr	NNS	Battle techniques and stuff like that . "
tr	NNS	Four flashlights swept the manicured shrubbery , illuminating nothing more sinister than a clock made of flowers .
tr	NN	The thief shook his head .
tr	NNS	I thought about the sex , chances were if I left it would be a dry night , ' console yourself with the sex . ' .
tr	NN	He moved more confidently now , his quick agitation replaced with a calm watchfulness .
tr	NNS	Considering the fact that most parents or caregivers spent two hours searching before notifying police , authorities typically didn 't have much chance of saving the child .
tr	NN	My double reflection in his sunglass lenses was weird and convex , my dark curls wild , my eyes huge .
tr	NN	One more inch and she 'd be dead instead of in a coma .
tr	NNS	The short battle chains could take a man 's head off with enough strength .
tr	NN	Her first orgasm took her by total surprise .
tr	NN	His kindness , and the memory of his sweet embrace earlier , made me want to open up to him though .
tr	NN	The envoy again bowed low and departed the hall .
tr	NN	Our brother Sal told Dante he 'd be back with help and then led the others off . "
tr	NNS	The suggestions kept coming but time was running out and the enemy was getting closer .
tr	NN	Jazz didn 't waste breath on agreeing , just ducked out , kept her head down and took the steps as quickly as possible .
tr	NN	The captain turned with surprise .
tr	NN	" What does your therapist say about this ? "
tr	NNS	Others found it downright creepy .
tr	NNS	Again , the congressional members began to whisper amongst themselves .
tr	NN	Jonas 's lack of charity toward Caitlin irked her .
tr	NNS	There was something menacing about him , yet at the same time something quite sensual .
tr	NNS	A moment later , the three members of the Maplewood family made their entrance .
tr	NNS	Images of Robert stabbing Cassie exploded through his head as the demon within him burst free .
tr	NNS	Girls loved that Gabriel bewitched the flowers to bloom all the time .
tr	NNS	Moses was begging now .
tr	NNS	Angry shouts rang out from the drivers as she cleared the last lane and fled into the woods behind the vampire .
tr	NNS	There was something inhuman about the corpse he now controlled , but he couldn 't place what .
tr	NN	The dread was back full swing .
tr	NNS	That werewolves couldn 't be photographed was an interesting factoid and could explain why there wasn 't much evidence on them .
tr	NN	Starry ore glitters in wheeled tubs .
tr	NNS	The nostrils of her small nose flared with her deep breaths as she tried to regain her sense of balance .
tr	NN	" Not much , Parker , " says the newcomer .
tr	NNS	Things will work out for you .
tr	NN	" We 'll call you tomorrow , let your mom and dad know what we found , " said the large policeman .
tr	NN	The click of the loaded question became accentuated by the sweetness of her voice .
tr	NNS	The crashes stopped outside and seconds later , the sliding door slid open and Deon came through , breathing heavily but smiling .
tr	NN	" What 's an arcade ? "
tr	NNS	The silver masks followed .
tr	NNS	There were also massive chandeliers made from candles hanging over head , ready for lighting at night fall .
tr	NNS	The pirates were waiting for him by the ladder when he entered the common room .
tr	NN	Link had let his head fal against the wal in defeat .
tr	NNS	Should you fail in your duties , further payments will cease and the balance of the estate will be turned over to charity . "
tr	NNS	The hideous gnomes belong in Louise 's back yard , and the blow-up workshop comes from the Smiths . "
tr	NNS	Then the sirens begin to wail .
tr	NNS	Iron bars stretched before him as far as he could see without moving his head .
tr	NNS	The raindrops felt like tears , as if he was consoling her , and he relished in that feeling .
tr	NN	" Go out wandering tonight on those feet and you 'll be right back here in the morning , " the healer had warned .
tr	NNS	Others thought her cruel , but sometimes necessity could wear no other face .
tr	NN	The shopping had continued with Nicole taking earrings from Claire 's Boutique and a red lace bra from Victoria 's Secret .
tr	NN	Where 's that flashlight ? "
tr	NNS	Trust me , there are differences . "
tr	NN	Just for a moment the troll continued to struggle forward , as if he weren 't yet aware he was dead .
tr	NN	The piercing whistle of the kettle caused Harriet to yank it off the stove , burning her hand .
tr	NNS	" Only your actions will be supervised . "
tr	NNS	More horns blared as other cars struggled to miss the careening automobile .
tr	NN	Her serenity helped Ray feel less nervous as well .
tr	NNS	Romulus breathed , nearly leaping to his feet .
tr	NNS	Lights hung with exposed nails .
tr	NNS	Things should turn around ?
tr	NN	Part of Marc 's AA program was about apologizing and taking responsibility .
tr	NNS	All objects stood out unique , with no shadows to bind them together .
tr	NNS	After a final blazing flash , the fairies fell silent .
tr	NN	I looked up at him , a smal smile tugging at my own lips .
tr	NNS	Most importantly is that I saw you two .
tr	NNS	My sources tend to come from that circle . "
tr	NN	The lane was so overgrown that it did not look familiar .
tr	NNS	Immortals are incapable of breeding . "
tr	NNS	Things will be different .
tr	NN	There was no hidden agenda in his gaze , no dreams for her to destroy .
tr	NN	What was his agenda ?
tr	NNS	Some villagers cheered , some fell to the ground in tears , and others were confused .
tr	NN	The dragon didn 't waste time ; he took to the skies .
tr	NNS	The crumbled bits of cement I knocked off while climbing onto one of the cables fell off down the shaft .
tr	NN	The audience burst into loud applause .
tr	NNS	Myles was going to find out what really happened in Vivian 's past .
tr	NN	As she was snapping a second photo , the snake raised its head and rattled its tail at her again .
tr	NN	" Darling , you ' l be quite all right without me .
tr	NNS	Waves of self loathing , bitterness , and anger threatened to drown him .
tr	NN	' Sure , ' Love said , nodding .
tr	NNS	The letters were elvish , but she had no trouble discerning their meaning .
tr	NN	I ' l take ... one of the others . "
tr	NNS	And her barracuda instincts hadn 't stopped there .
tr	NNS	They had on helmets and carried rifles too , their uniforms were gray .
tr	NNS	Chills spread over my arms and legs , partly due to the temperature change , partly due to the guy standing at the foot of my bed .
tr	NNS	Reyes shook his head , as if that would help him understand .
tr	NNS	- As a Kinetic grows in power , her abilities and control over her environment will expand .
tr	NNS	But other passions also drove him .
tr	NNS	" Things are coming to a head . "
tr	NNS	Yet some traits were just a part of his nature .
tr	NNS	Things proceeded exactly as they had before .
tr	NNS	He flipped open his eyes , tried to focus on the concerned face only inches from him .
tr	NN	A twig snapped and something raced through the forest , dodging trees .
tr	NNS	Others are talking in groups throughout the house with red cups in their hands .
tr	NNS	She had the look , the microphone skills , the mat skills , the fans loved her .
tr	NN	The pattern was completely different .
tr	NNS	The tentacles were sliding down , too , following him .
tr	NN	Any heads-up I could get before going downtown would be helpful .
tr	NN	No offense ... well yea , there is some offense intended .
tr	NN	" And his reasoning behind this ? "
tr	NN	Storm used the back of his finger to wipe a layer of sweat off her brow , the motion wiping away her anger just as easily .
tr	NN	" He 's Disease , sweetness , " the goddess said .
tr	NNS	The solar cells and extra battery stayed beautifully in place while traversing 8km of random terrain .
tr	NN	A small lamp was on next to a couch , casting a soft glow .
tr	NN	The teacher was a woman who had gray hair and kept it up in a tight bun at the top of her head .
tr	NNS	Marius stared straight ahead , his bloodshot eyes fixed on the distant horizon .
tr	NN	Part of me wanted to stay in Caleb 's arms , because he 'd always had this grounding effect on me .
tr	NNS	Two Lights came up and took her away from me .
tr	NN	A new little mortal cult ready to throw themselves at her feet . "
tr	NN	To Johnny 's amusement the girls lead the way into dessert city 's gaudy chaos .
tr	NNS	" The Others don 't run their stores for profit .
tr	NN	Out on the platform the newspaper page was nowhere to be seen .
tr	NNS	Things got pretty crazy real fast .
tr	NN	There 's a soft thud followed by another , then footsteps heading across the floor .
tr	NNS	The zombies must have been massing outside our perimeter and chose the nighttime as their attack time .
tr	NN	Long scar from his left ear to his nose , like someone had slashed his cheek .
tr	NN	" The goal , if you remember , is to teach you to keep out of the way .
tr	NN	Distant gunfire brought her to a halt again ; three shots in quick succession , then two more close together .
tr	NNS	Reyes tried not to panic .
tr	NN	The receptionist sighed heavily and picked a few cards off the floor by her chair .
tr	NN	The pub , where he worked , had given him the day off .
tr	NNS	There are ten rotating members of the U.N. Security Council , taken from the rest of the world .
tr	NN	7 MARCH 1778 i There was no way I was going to let Benjamin get away .
tr	NN	Her aura of serenity faltered , yet strength glowed in her eyes .
tr	NN	Her pulse raced as he stepped closer , and she remained frozen against the wall .
tr	NNS	Sadness made Risa 's smile fade .
tr	NN	Jazz nodded and took a bite of her hamburger .
tr	NN	Her personality , she thought , shouldn 't have changed .
tr	NN	They had no need to light a fuse , the steam fed directly into a crankshaft which operated by a spinning wheel of brass .
tr	NNS	The assorted histories of the period tend to gloss over that fact .
tr	NN	Sure enough the pantry was open , and the panel to the crawlspace had been removed !
tr	NN	" There is a natural equilibrium that establishes when the rift opens .
tr	NN	The paint was peeling away .
tr	NN	A sharp tip on the end revealed itself , and it began to glow .
tr	NNS	Kids and adults alike looked forward to it during the summer .
tr	NN	The daily death toll would be enormous .
tr	NN	The lung tissue is slightly damaged from cigarette smoke but otherwise unharmed .
tr	NN	The stuffed mushroom tasted fantastic and she grabbed another , leaning against the granite countertop as she selected another one .
tr	NNS	" Your instincts are right , my dear man .
tr	NNS	It was that way in the dream , the invaders had invented death .
tr	NNS	As the plane reaches the Rockies , the effects of the gas begin to wear off .
tr	NNS	The released strands spread in rat 's tails across the white bedside rug .
tr	NN	Dirt and grease creased the lines of his eyes , giving him the appearance he had some ailment that was crawling across his skin .
tr	NNS	Suddenly the images vanished , leaving him in complete darkness .
tr	NN	There was value in doing a single thing well .
tr	NNS	The Claymore mines propelled seven hundred small , round steel balls each at a speed of near four thousand feet per second .
tr	NNS	The roads are different .
tr	NNS	The media had gone crazy , covering every event , attempting to get a glimpse of their favorite star .
tr	NN	In any case , the injury was bad enough to end his football career . "
tr	NNS	The leather seats were warm and inviting .
tr	NNS	The man 's movements were deliberate as he clasped his hands on his lap .
tr	NN	Now that the taboo is broken , the hidden Maker and its huge new mind are entering extraordinary territory , doing science in a virgin field .
tr	NNS	The media had a field day with the accident .
tr	NNS	His temples tightened and his jaw started its familiar ache .
tr	NNS	Over the low hills the horns were sounding .
tr	NN	The Caster dog kept going , careful y picking his way on padded paws , until they found themselves in the darkest bend yet .
tr	NN	Eventually the skeleton reaches its limit and as with the dinosaurs the creature must take to the water .
tr	NNS	Words couldn 't describe what I felt .
tr	NN	The growling of the wolf became stronger .
tr	NNS	Those materials were very uncomfortable and scratchy especially when they were new .
tr	NN	As he rolled her onto her back , her gown parted , gifting him with her right breast .
tr	NNS	My wrists kept me steady against him .
tr	NN	His assistance was essential to understanding the financial statements .
tr	NN	" Shut up , my lord , your castle is at hand . "
tr	NN	A stack of newspapers were lying on a table .
tr	NN	" Ok , but I was really out of it even before I saw the body .
tr	NN	Love and marriage made sense for Jesse Walker .
tr	NN	The envoy responded , " I would beg a chance to speak of another matter far more important than these charges against me . "
tr	NNS	Instead , happier conclusions of escape and long life seemed the only logical answer .
tr	NNS	In this place , the suspects are always too numerous to name , so you better be playing the game to win . "
tr	NNS	Thoughts of her and thoughts of Neela were clouding his mind .
tr	NNS	Most Lights in attendance preferred the new queen did , too , because the decorations reflected the Light being crowned .
tr	NNS	The duchess leans forward , her eyes serious .
tr	NNS	My heart races frantically , and won 't calm down .
tr	NN	The passenger didn 't look particularly striking or impressive , but at the moment , he was the most important man in the world .
tr	NNS	Gramps hands her a pole .
tr	NNS	Her pupils look huge below the hazy lights , her skin pale , and her hair soft .
tr	NN	The witnesses could fill Candlestick Park and it wouldn , t make any difference at all . "
tr	NN	The singer is a soprano , like me , and her voice is clear and rich .
tr	NN	The habit of trying to stay aloof and detached was something he associated with love and approval .
tr	NN	Apology accepted , little tyrant , " he said softly and brushed the lightest of kisses across the tip of her nose .
tr	NN	There was a chorus of ahhh 's around the room .
tr	NN	The confirmation relieved me .
tr	NNS	There are no teachers or adults anywhere in sight .
tr	NNS	Without the vest , the sharp petals of the flower would slice through flesh two to three times the size of the original bullet .
tr	NN	Compressed gas whistled , and a sharp bite penetrated her skin , felt all the way down to the bone .
tr	NN	Jazz kept her head down , thinking , all the way down in the elevator to the parking level .
tr	NNS	Nicodemus sat down , and the valet poured him some coffee .
tr	NN	Nausea crept over me , leaving my skin feeling cool and sticky .
tr	NNS	The edges of fatigue brushed his mind .
tr	NNS	Fantastic green hills surrounded us , but it was clear that we were far away from all the attractions .
tr	NNS	" More and more deaths will happen . "
tr	NNS	Folks say that henge of his does queer things . "
tr	NNS	The paintings are like hidden .
tr	NN	" Then we ' l force you to send us some other way - so that we can get back in time ! "
tr	NN	The giggle echoed in her ears .
tr	NNS	The tall peaks and towers stood silhouetted in the fading light of the setting sun .
tr	NNS	' Only the red rats are real ! '
tr	NN	The lust leaves his expression and is replaced by a look of concern .
tr	NNS	The eyelids kept fluttering .
tr	NN	The other dragon died .
tr	NNS	There is a crashing sound downstairs , and the sound of shattering glass .
tr	NN	The maid regarded him quizzically .
tr	NNS	The big monitor screens built into the walls were flickering whiteout , set to display a computer representation from Markman 's eyes .
tr	NNS	Thoughts like this surfaced after an argument , and there were many of these .
tr	NNS	Others moved with more swagger , an ever shifting whirlwind of bare legs and muscular arms .
tr	NN	Each spark glowed brightly as it flew away , until it burned out and vanished .
tr	NN	" We don 't know what happens at night , " the mayor said , stirring in a spoonful of honey .
tr	NN	" In a blinding flash , the goddess appeared , in a flowing gown the color of moonbeams .
tr	NN	But the green frog soon got bored too , and it hopped straight back onto the blue bowler hat .
tr	NNS	There were no signs of life , not even the flicker of a candle through the window .
tr	NN	His face reddened and his muscles pulsed .
tr	NNS	The levers had ancient , tarnished labels riveted to a weathered wooden control board .
tr	NN	The captain said softly , " I have the feeling I was not the first client who noticed . "
tr	NNS	The captives huddled more closely together as the circle of citizens started to close tighter around them .
tr	NN	Love stared at her mouth covered in its customary lilac lipstick .
tr	NN	The boom hissed loudly .
tr	NN	The duke continued to look straight ahead .
tr	NN	The dragon watched her innocently , attempted a gurgle and blinked its eyes in series .
tr	NNS	My efforts even yet fell well short , and once again I believed myself abandoned .
tr	NNS	The ever-present cheerfulness left Xavier 's voice .
tr	NNS	At the same time the warriors felt a mental probe , testing their defences .
tr	NN	There was no crime scene tape , since they found no evidence of a crime .
tr	NNS	The wineglass was empty and Surreal sipped her second cup of tea before the woman said , " Now .
tr	NN	The prevailing theory , at least according to Hammond , was that that had been Isaac .
tr	NN	From the smell of it , the ambassador hadn 't eaten since he 'd arrived .
tr	NNS	The first indications were eyes .
tr	NNS	Apparently the opposing factions in the Battle for Sutton Drive-In had found the beached boat made for good cover .
tr	NN	His resolve started to fade .
tr	NN	" A high-speed chase ensued , during which several agency vehicles were totaled and several more assets liquidated . "
tr	NNS	My last few visits , she didn 't recognize me .
tr	NNS	The lectures and lessons are different from year to year , and I always take notes .
tr	NN	The werewolf flew off to the side and took out a bunch of monsters with it .
tr	NNS	Bloody bits of it fly everywhere .
tr	NNS	The dwarves are exceedingly strong for their height , but most of these were strong even for dwarves .
tr	NNS	Words began to outlive their creators .
tr	NNS	Rawlings had changed , and not for the better .
tr	NNS	All my clients understand the rules . "
tr	NN	Had you stayed , his suffering would have been far more . "
tr	NNS	Lights above blinded that vision .
tr	NNS	The duchess glared her displeasure at Alexandra 's peremptory entrance into the room .
tr	NN	Love wasn 't easy and warm like friendship .
tr	NNS	Looks to be a shell company .
tr	NN	The angel on my shoulder , who once encouraged me , is now slapping me across the face , screaming .
tr	NN	His heart literal y skipped a beat when I moved .
tr	NN	The hoof 's glossy black beauty , as smoldering as a woman 's eye .
tr	NNS	The screams and blaring sirens followed us as we made it to the stairwell .
tr	NNS	Those factories were always there , and they 'll always be there ! "
tr	NNS	The fears generated by the grotesque situation last night seemed rather incredible this morning .
tr	NNS	Reyes bared his teeth in a snarl , twisted and grabbed Aeron by the forearms .
tr	NN	The maneuver had probably saved his shoulder from being shattered ; the arm itself didn 't fare as well .
tr	NN	My resolve to look out for Zoe and myself hadn 't changed , but the complications just kept growing .
tr	NN	This militia saw battle only once , at Hickory Point .
tr	NN	" When your dad was taken , " momma began reluctantly .
tr	NNS	" Some apples are best when stored for a while . "
tr	NNS	Noah 's cheekbones were high , sharp slashes .
tr	NNS	His techniques didn 't change ; I saw rough parts , smooth parts , and uneven hills here and there .
tr	NNS	Our kisses become more heated , and our tongues probe each other 's mouths .
tr	NN	The courtroom laughed in approval , and the attorney continued .
tr	NN	The radiance of the moon made everything pearlescent like the inside of an oyster shell .
tr	NN	" Ah yes , the great shopping expedition .
tr	NN	The real challenge would be Hilda , the heavyweight boxer .
tr	NN	The goal was to decimate the hardcore troops and offer leniency to their less enthusiastic compatriots .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids fluttered down as his mouth closed over hers .
tr	NNS	The stakes were just too high to give up .
tr	NN	" The defense claims that these characters come out and take over .
tr	NNS	Lights flipped on and marched left and right in fluorescent banks .
tr	NNS	The double rows of cubbies give me the feeling of being in library stacks or a long , narrow , walk-in closet .
tr	NNS	The four Guardians introduce themselves .
tr	NNS	There were cells down there now , with things imprisoned in them .
tr	NNS	The edges of his robe swept the tiles .
tr	NN	What if there was a werewolf in my home ?
tr	NNS	' There aren 't any cells at Haslemere and they had to hold him overnight . '
tr	NN	A roar of " me too 's " followed .
tr	NNS	His eyelids lift and he puts a sliver of space between us as he reclines and looks me in the eyes .
tr	NN	His black clothing faded into the encroaching darkness , rendering him invisible to the people below .
tr	NNS	Looks like the good guys ain 't all good guys . "
tr	NNS	The huts were deceptively small , but as we entered ours , it was obvious this had once housed a family .
tr	NNS	These creatures carried on the work of their former master by instinct now , though the terror of their lord had passed away .
tr	NN	Simone 's hysteria opened her mind to me and projected plans that she would never have told me if her mind had not been unraveling .
tr	NN	Get used to it , sister , there 's a new sheriff in town and it 's not you .
tr	NNS	Both locks held tight , but I couldn 't say the same for the latches .
tr	NN	' Morning Danny . '
tr	NNS	The goons knocked her unconscious as they tossed her limp body into the truck .
tr	NNS	' Eight shots , ' he said softly .
tr	NN	The challenge filled the space between them .
tr	NNS	The gusts were stronger out away from the protection of the tower .
tr	NN	The last time Meredith felt " adventurous " with a casual dinner for friends , two people ended up in her hospital with food poisoning .
tr	NNS	Other screens in front of Markman showed the hangar bay , the moon , and star fields .
tr	NNS	Lights went on after a few seconds in the Day House , next to the alley .
tr	NN	The aura causes fear to all that come near them .
tr	NN	" If you keep that up much longer , fulfillment won 't be an issue . "
tr	NN	Her pulse took off in a gallop .
tr	NNS	These clumpy sandals were not the best things ever invented for going down steep spiral staircases .
tr	NN	Up above , a new batch of victims plunged from the fracturing beams of the Kamikaze .
tr	NNS	Their robotic auto-pilot movements have us traveling at a crawl .
tr	NNS	The supernatural traits are no different from the others .
tr	NN	His pulse was returning to normal .
tr	NN	The tiny inset photograph she 'd seen of Pam in the papers didn 't do the woman justice .
tr	NN	The popular theory is that Khan killed them , but how is the real question .
tr	NNS	Romulus nodded his head sideways .
tr	NNS	Even legends and Gods had his poster on their walls .
tr	NN	Contact with anyone else , even his king , was hell .
tr	NN	Love once again failed me , or I failed it .
tr	NNS	Within her , her emptiness pounded .
tr	NN	The pond was not far from the gate , and the three dumped their bikes in the dust .
tr	NNS	The three mercenaries looked ready to boil someone alive , and then there were the two shackled murderers .
tr	NNS	The contents were thick and cold but he drank greedily , his eyes closing as the blood took the edge off the worst of the pain .
tr	NN	Love paused and glanced at Stuart .
tr	NN	A lone Indian brave danced by the light of the fire , dressed in a ceremonial headdress .
tr	NN	There was another chorus of laughter , and Thor 's humiliation deepened .
tr	NN	The birth of new ideas , new ways of attacking problems , is very exciting .
tr	NNS	Its two halves had sprung open from the fall .
tr	NNS	After a plane ride home , the wolves dispersed .
tr	NNS	Initially their apartment 's monthly payments stretched them both and Earl complained they should 've bought somewhere instead of wasting money on rental payments .
tr	NNS	The seats were down the left field line .
tr	NN	The dragon roared and it was a fearsome , deafening sound that echoed in the confined space of the bathroom .
tr	NNS	Screams of pain filled my ears , and the fresh scent of spilled blood wasn 't helping my thinking process any .
tr	NN	And for that the bitch was willing to hand Rhiannon off like a human slave .
tr	NNS	His animal instincts were strong and nearly overwhelming .
tr	NNS	Word nuances don 't escape me .
tr	NNS	These ghosts feared for their anchors ' safety , and for their own .
tr	NN	My pulse ratchets up as I put the pieces together .
tr	NNS	Names and faces flew past Lindy , and after a while she gave up trying to keep track of who was who .
tr	NNS	" Until the tests are over . "
tr	NN	This Edition This week 's cover illustration is ' Haunted Hotel ' by Gav Roach .
tr	NNS	Well , the figures might be different , but it seemed as though these statues would be watching me as closely as the ones back home did .
tr	NN	The cream plaster walls , stained wooden ceiling , and exposed beams complimented Lily 's chosen colors of dark purple and cream .
tr	NNS	The dangerous realities of life in space were a shock at first .
tr	NN	" The Macedonian commander looked around the hills where the Romans had his army cornered .
tr	NNS	Others paced , muttering under their breaths .
tr	NNS	No more letters from any of them ever came .
tr	NNS	Large unfinished openings where glass would be installed let a breeze in , and with it the smell of blackberry bushes .
tr	NN	A thunderous roar exploded like cannon fire .
tr	NNS	Her feet made no noise , her movements were a whisper in the still air of the office .
tr	NNS	As the afternoon progressed , her instincts took over .
tr	NN	A rustle of sheets , then soft fingers glide against mine .
tr	NN	The restroom was pretty boring , three stalls and sinks that were a little too short .
tr	NN	The New Zealand government had long ago cut back on defense spending .
tr	NN	Part of me was naive enough to hope that wasn 't the case , because that meant Apollo had some explaining to do .
tr	NN	My birthmark , which had been bewitched to ache whenever I did something that the Fates did not approve of , was throbbing mercilessly .
tr	NN	The intern starts back down the hill .
tr	NNS	The technicians record my every movement with cameras mounted in floating drones .
tr	NN	Her veil and the hem of her skirt fluttered as she trundled across the floor , using something similar to bicycle handlebars to navigate .
tr	NNS	The wineglass was empty .
tr	NNS	The suns had not risen yet which meant that they couldn 't have gone far .
tr	NN	And the goat has climbed up onto the roof . "
tr	NN	But if I ever found out , then that bitch was getting dead .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared a little more .
tr	NNS	Cars crowded the parking lot even on a day like today .
tr	NNS	Even so , the fumes rising from the tiny hole were making him woozy .
tr	NN	Similarly , in chapter 23 there is a reference to humans as " the storytelling animals " ; that comes from Alasdair MacIntyre 's After Virtue .
tr	NNS	Otherwise , the members won 't accept the debts as being paid by King .
tr	NNS	After all , fairy tales don 't exist .
tr	NNS	There aren 't any signs , good or bad , for arranged marriages .
tr	NNS	' Even if I fight , more fights will follow .
tr	NN	His momentum sent him tumbling over the ground .
tr	NN	The soup spattered his clothes , the pot bounced off the table , but missed him .
tr	NNS	Joey 's instincts told him to end this conversation immediately and leave .
tr	NN	His valet still hadn 't quit , but he knew one day he would lose his mind .
tr	NNS	Flames that will crush them if they ever show me their ugly shapes again . "
tr	NNS	Reyes drew in a breath , held ... held ... then slowly released it , letting his sudden burst of anger leave him , too .
tr	NNS	Once he entered her , his own movements matched hers , and he was unable to prolong the arrival of his own climax .
tr	NN	The crate seemed a convenient place to rest .
tr	NNS	Looks like I 'll have to go with something more conventional . "
tr	NNS	Walls were cracking and decaying before his eyes , cobwebs were spreading .
tr	NN	The other goblin tapped the door box .
tr	NN	But in my devotion to duty , guilt seizes me before he can even answer the question .
tr	NNS	But copy cats were far more rare than television made it seem .
tr	NN	He bit off each word , the passion in his eyes replaced with coldness as icy as the rain .
tr	NN	A bully unafraid to hide behind locked doors and honk at someone struggling .
tr	NNS	His qualities intimidate me , which makes me even more scared .
tr	NN	His own guilt was responsible for the mess he was in .
tr	NN	His heavy Spanish accent flowed over the words and even through his pain he made our ceremony sound respectable .
tr	NNS	Some cats never bothered to get too close to anyone .
tr	NN	After we prepared everything , the warrior told us to get ready .
tr	NNS	Where your ancestors have lived for centuries ?
tr	NN	" Foreign aid , that 's where , " he finished triumphantly .
tr	NNS	" Then my prayers have not been in vain . "
tr	NNS	My eyelids felt like sandpaper , and my head ached .
tr	NN	" I usual y kick it behind wherever Freaky Fred is hanging out . "
tr	NNS	The kisses grow more passionate .
tr	NNS	The Jewish defenders retreats to the First Wall .
tr	NNS	The last bits of sunlight are reflecting in the glass doors as we file inside among dozens of other holiday shoppers .
tr	NN	Part of the defense had to do with playing their game .
tr	NN	Our presentation goes very well , and Janet is happy .
tr	NN	Evidence tape was strung up around the whole perimeter and we didn 't want to risk getting in trouble .
tr	NN	All the remaining Dead stare at Julie in hushed silence , except M .
tr	NNS	" Are cats trainable ? "
tr	NN	An intense nausea makes my stomach roll .
tr	NN	" My pot is old as dirt and barely works .
tr	NNS	Things are different now .
tr	NNS	His visits to this landmark had become so routine that he barely noticed the grandeur today .
tr	NN	The liability is enormous .
tr	NN	The sheriff 's jerking you around .
tr	NN	" That stupid scratch could 've seriously injured you or worse , Layla . "
tr	NNS	Above his head rotor blades throbbed like a massive mechanical heart , beating fast enough to burst .
tr	NN	The wild-eyed lieutenant constantly gave new meaning to their squadron motto of Anything , Anywhere , Anytime .
tr	NN	Despair rolled over me and I knew I had to find a way to get home .
tr	NNS	Others are surprised too .
tr	NNS	" So your teachers taught you one thing , and when you came home , your dad taught you another .
tr	NNS	Looks like we 'll have a nice day after all .
tr	NN	A cutting in front of them allowed berthing for a few dozen small boats , many of them pleasure craft .
tr	NN	A chuckle fought back the inner cold as he straightened .
tr	NN	A thug by birth , and it was impossible for him to stay clean .
tr	NN	His release punched through , pulsing deep and hot inside her , filling the trusted barrier between them .
tr	NN	But this careful absence almost seemed like Amy had something to hide .
tr	NNS	Images leaped from the pool 's surface at the sweep of her outstretched arms and filled the cavern like quick bright ghosts .
tr	NNS	The twins had never been to Alaska and had always wanted to go .
tr	NNS	Her twins are doggy sitting tonight . "
tr	NNS	All three pairs of hands were trembling .
tr	NNS	Automatically , the bars closed behind him .
tr	NN	" Your birthday present .
tr	NNS	My cheekbones were high , and my eyes were a cross between brown and green .
tr	NNS	Her fingernails pierced through her gloves , shredding the skin on the back of his hands .
tr	NNS	Upstairs she saw the blaze of more lights , caught a flicker of something that might have been movement .
tr	NN	My Caitlin has certainly accomplished a lot . "
tr	NNS	And cats never beg for mercy .
tr	NN	Morgan 's British accent overshadowed Madison 's thoughts .
tr	NNS	Even the goblins looked several shades paler than before .
tr	NNS	The nurses at the private station didn 't look past her name tag and uniform .
tr	NN	A rustic looking wooden fence encircled the garden , keeping it separate from the meadow .
tr	NN	The moonlight streaming toward us across the ocean was as brilliant as the sun .
tr	NN	The user 's schedule would appear in the corner of their eye .
tr	NNS	The negotiations had been tough , but I had the advantage and Ian let me run with it . "
tr	NN	You will never have a worry from here on , " the captain promised .
tr	NN	t read our thoughts ? "
tr	NNS	Stefan 's fingernails bit into his palms .
tr	NNS	The symptoms , I understand , were quite spectacular .
tr	NNS	The blades chimed musically , each ringing collision reverberating over the water .
tr	NNS	Endless ages went by , and there was only Jace 's mouth on hers , the lulling motion of the boat , his hands on her skin .
tr	NN	" Your eye is swelling up , " the passenger says .
tr	NNS	His mattress and pillow had never felt more inviting .
tr	NN	Instead , all he saw was the ecstasy of orgasm as it overcame her , and the understanding that she was , indeed , still a mortal .
tr	NN	" Not yet , sir , " the commander said .
tr	NNS	There are so many colors I can 't wear .
tr	NNS	The other passengers were probably sleeping .
tr	NN	There 's some ice cream in the fridge . "
tr	NN	" I wish I could have come , " the large toaster on tracks said , nodding its pancake head at us .
tr	NNS	Guns were firing as the barge passed away down the river : an impromptu thunder of salutes .
tr	NNS	There are wolves ... spirits of the dead ... " Brand knew that Gunnar wanted the idol for himself .
tr	NNS	Ice cream bars at 11 am are an added expense and empty calories that we just don 't do anymore .
tr	NN	" That sub can hold three people . "
tr	NNS	Their wolves were a match for each other .
tr	NNS	Hands at her sides , her chest thrust up next to his , she gritted the words between her teeth .
tr	NN	His bad habit is starting to annoy my good intentions .
tr	NN	In a flash , the menacing captain released her and raced to the side of the ship .
tr	NNS	" The vamps always seem to have an agenda .
tr	NNS	At first , the receipts had simply piqued a curiosity .
tr	NN	" Now look here , " said gran , words spoken to a growling dog .
tr	NN	Part of her was screaming at her to stop talking .
tr	NNS	The past few negotiations with this particular group of workers had gone through with barely a hitch .
tr	NN	The heavily beaded braid caught and refracted the light from the recessed spotlight above , rimming Olivia in glittering highlights .
tr	NN	At the start of my second week at the ranch , the sheriff called me to his house .
tr	NNS	Oxygen levels were low , their energy was dwindling , and the beasts continued to follow behind .
tr	NNS	The spikes hit it in the tail section .
tr	NN	" No kidding , " Gabriel chided before gesturing an apology for interrupting and bowed for her to continue .
tr	NNS	" Rats and mice always find there way on board through the cargo , so we need the cats to control them .
tr	NN	the leader joked unconvinced .
tr	NN	When one is truly immersed in the goal , hunger doesn 't matter , fatigue doesn 't matter , pain doesn 't matter .
tr	NN	A halo of divine light bathed her in its glow .
tr	NN	And with the election coming up ... " His voice trailed off .
tr	NN	The television was the only light in the room .
tr	NNS	Most ladies had one or two coats with sable collars and cuffs , though .
tr	NNS	The breakers on the reef are violent and thunderous .
tr	NN	A thrill like an electric shock went through my body .
tr	NN	The Texan accent made me smile , though .
tr	NN	Did the doll belong to this child ?
tr	NN	No matter how often they took her in this fashion , the thrill never wore off .
tr	NN	The officer 's disgust was obvious , but his rudeness didn 't disturb the new inmate .
tr	NNS	Romulus bared his teeth .
tr	NN	' There 's this theory that you guys eat brains because you get to relive the person 's life .
tr	NNS	" Our mines are rich enough to offer him the world . "
tr	NNS	So the self-righteous pricks just keep right on telling themselves I did it .
tr	NNS	With each generation , their ideas and priorities changed more .
tr	NNS	Others struck arms , shoulders , stomachs , and other , less immediately fatal places .
tr	NN	Anger and adrenaline spread .
tr	NNS	Images crept into her brain ; the pattern lined up and she could see it so perfectly , just the way it always worked .
tr	NNS	Her tits were about to tumble out of that small top , and her hips ... damn , her hips were perfect .
tr	NN	The maid knocks on the bedchamber door .
tr	NNS	But , the restrictions are difficult I 'm surprised that any of them can keep it up for long . "
tr	NN	Blue electricity winked at Zoey from one of the power lines .
tr	NN	These past few weeks , Love had chosen to leave her at home .
tr	NN	A bot answers , the same one they use as receptionists and admin all over the galaxy , plain and efficient .
tr	NNS	Their dark gray suits had faint pinstripes .
tr	NN	Smoke 's snort was a clear indication of what wolves thought about a human 's ability to mark territory properly .
tr	NN	As compared with the places they had swum in the night , the crossing there was relatively shallow .
tr	NN	To make it official , the referee announced Lea as the victor .
tr	NN	A small tree frog , bright green in color , leapt from a particularly thick root to land on MaryAnn 's shoulder .
tr	NNS	Double rows of teeth line the length of its body .
tr	NNS	" My apologies , " Auron bowed his head .
tr	NN	The page burst into purple fire , and it traveled from the page through Bishop 's skin , over his hand , onto his clothes .
tr	NNS	These facts became important because it afforded the group some ammunition as to where to begin to find answers to the happenings affecting their lives .
tr	NN	Two darts flew at her , one to either side .
tr	NNS	The startled warriors in the village grabbed their weapons and charged from the tribal area .
tr	NNS	Questions tumble out of your mouth , girl .
tr	NN	Though his touch calmed her , her protective urges were still running high .
tr	NNS	Things are really going great here .
tr	NNS	My footsteps were almost silent as I stole across the kitchen floor to the archway .
tr	NNS	' And the media , and the public , no longer believe what the gangsters said anyway .
tr	NNS	Reyes would find him , though .
tr	NN	The trailer bucks wildly and I know we are on the highway , going somewhere fast .
tr	NN	The siren finally stopped wailing .
tr	NNS	Her servants perked up .
tr	NNS	The temperatures during the day were reaching the upper sixties , and at night they would drop down near thirty .
tr	NN	" By destroying a brand-new air-conditioning unit and crushing a custom Lexus , " the archangel retorted .
tr	NNS	The cameras stopped outside the hospital , now , on the news , interviewing a few fans .
tr	NNS	' Those idiots behind us are closing in and there 's no way off this road .
tr	NNS	The flashing colors began to take a more distinctive hue and the royal blue I had come to associate with my shade of magic became more prominent .
tr	NN	A soft dusting of dark whiskers coated his cheeks and his chin .
tr	NNS	Off Station visitors will pay seven . "
tr	NN	The cream painted walls were adorned with tasteful , bright watercolours .
tr	NN	The sound of sock feet padding into the kitchen made Jane turn around .
tr	NN	Traveling deeper and deeper into the woods , the vicious growls are interrupted only by the sounds of spells being cast everywhere .
tr	NN	On the day before we left , the older village leader invited us to ride out with him to watch a roundup of wild horses .
tr	NN	Part of you 's there .
tr	NN	The command in her voice jolted me to action .
tr	NNS	The members of the Pantheon can 't find them anywhere . "
tr	NN	The cowboy turned to face him .
tr	NN	A bullet must have just clipped me .
tr	NN	The tip has a little blood on it and I wipe it off on a piece of toilet paper .
tr	NN	The first strip came loose , and he held it in his fist while he freed the second strip .
tr	NN	Her career as a prayer ambassador might rest on her response .
tr	NNS	" Things change . "
tr	NN	Oliver 's attorney sat down .
tr	NNS	Looks could be deceiving ... I kind of built my undercover identity on that , but I couldn 't help how I felt .
tr	NN	A lever pops up .
tr	NN	This scenario never appeared on the radar screen as something a person with his elevated notions of ethics and morality might consider , much less do .
tr	NNS	Alexis looked like he 'd been roused out of bed too .
tr	NNS	More unrecognizable yelling followed .
tr	NNS	The older members were forever telling the new recruits how things were " before , when Cade was here . "
tr	NNS	Thoughts of seeing her grandfather -- and the human defender -- also raised her spirits .
tr	NN	Her master was into something brilliant again .
tr	NNS	The bees were dead .
tr	NN	Our transport entered the cargo bay and a corridor snaked out from the side and docked with the shuttle 's airlock .
tr	NNS	The torches grew brighter when he looked at them and his headache relaxed for a moment before growing more painful .
tr	NN	Hugh 's appreciation for the man had grown as time had passed , and he often confided in Haworth .
tr	NNS	Then the dwarves forgot their joy and their confident boasts of a moment before and cowered down in fright .
tr	NN	There 's no trick to that .
tr	NNS	His lieutenant bars were back , glinting on his broad shoulders .
tr	NNS	Freaks still prowled in our wake , but we outran them and in some circumstances outsmarted them .
tr	NN	There is a precedent that demonstrates how civilizations that failed to evolve eventually fell into a slow decline .
tr	NN	" And so her revenge is to send you erotic photos of herself ? "
tr	NN	" Compound interest ? "
tr	NNS	Things he 'd said came together in her mind .
tr	NNS	The mech wolves moved reluctantly toward it and sat on their haunches .
tr	NNS	The pirates manning the foremost cannon on the portside aimed and awaited their orders .
tr	NN	His mother 's white robe vanished in a press of servants .
tr	NNS	His movements are so fluid , like he 's been rehearsing them for years .
tr	NN	Naturally my resolve never stood a chance .
tr	NN	And even the casual clothing couldn 't dispel the desire that pumped through him just sitting across from her .
tr	NNS	Our tongues tangle as I slip my knee between her legs , causing her to clutch on to my upper arms .
tr	NNS	Bottles of pink nail polish and matching lipsticks cluttered together .
tr	NNS	Outside , the zombies surrounded the radio .
tr	NN	His absence meant he was outside , somewhere in the dark , lurking and waiting .
tr	NN	There 's a playful quirk in his brow .
tr	NNS	The Storm Dragons are forming armies .
tr	NNS	Behind us , loosely dressed servants lead the horses from the carriage and the horses the dragoons were riding on away .
tr	NN	Even little Gwen dragged along by her son , picked up her heels and scampered along .
tr	NNS	Aurelius doesn 't get a monopoly . "
tr	NNS	Those old ladies don 't like us here . "
tr	NN	The gentleman on your left ... he looks familiar .
tr	NN	" So if someone else took the job , your debt to my father would be forfeit ?
tr	NN	The foe immediately collapsed .
tr	NN	The sheriff spent longer interrogating Chance .
tr	NN	Her resolve was appealing ... or perhaps it was the waning light which made her look attractive ?
tr	NNS	The design was timeless , materials priceless , and Emily barely seemed to notice .
tr	NNS	Things were going well , I thought , but I knew Aunt Tabby was not going to give up that easily .
tr	NNS	The servants ' uniforms seemed particularly sharp .
tr	NN	Her announcement seemed to have knocked those in disagreement into temporary silence .
tr	NNS	His sharp cheekbones gave him a menacing appearance , as if he wanted to fight the entire world .
tr	NNS	Additional ancestors had lived the lives of indentured servants after leaving the Far East and India .
tr	NNS	Screams began to fill the atmosphere .
tr	NNS	Urban legends start like that today with far less fact to go on , yet people by the thousands believe them . "
tr	NN	My partner married a Mexican woman , who runs a cantina in Santa Fe .
tr	NN	" Calm down , " the vampire mutant requested , cringing .
tr	NN	The glass pane lay on the table , still in its brown paper wrapper , but there was no sign of Sabrina .
tr	NN	The auditorium wasn 't big , but wasn 't that small either .
tr	NNS	All the reported cases in Kentucky have additionally had the availability of the NIL .
tr	NNS	And besides , fancy dresses are expensive . "
tr	NNS	In the end , the creatures turned into nothing more than fairy tales that humans told to children before going to sleep .
tr	NNS	Girls do not enter the boys ' barracks and boys do not enter the girls ' .
tr	NNS	How many apples for how many ponies ?
tr	NNS	Marius turned to Colton .
tr	NNS	Skulls asked , in a distraught manner .
tr	NNS	" My apologies , Lady Hawthorne .
tr	NNS	His eyelids are closed , but his smile glows .
tr	NNS	The winds had howled their discontent .
tr	NNS	Things have been quiet for weeks now .
tr	NN	" His pulse is stronger . "
tr	NN	The stock market crash didn 't seem to have affected the fortunes of Wertheim 's .
tr	NNS	There are five hundred acres of woods up there , and we 've been helping the locals comb through them .
tr	NN	The lovely Tiffany 's career wasn 't exactly going gangbusters these days , not that Annie was sorry to hear it .
tr	NNS	Flynn curses , he already has Kyla slung over his shoulder .
tr	NN	the rogue behind me hissed .
tr	NN	The warrior motioned us to the peak of it .
tr	NNS	Hands began pulling her , touching her , pressing on her belly .
tr	NNS	" My spies tell me that he plans to gather his best men to attack Rome through one of its principal gates . "
tr	NNS	The flashlights didn 't banish all of the shop 's gloom , but the narrow beam of light sure slowed her heartbeat down to a steady beat .
tr	NNS	His scales were as tough as mine , the tip barely penetrating , but I saw green blood .
tr	NN	The lieutenant sounded sour .
tr	NN	" No crash reported .
tr	NNS	The sirens were getting closer .
tr	NNS	The settlers feared the land as well , because they feared it would blow up like the ships on the Mississippi .
tr	NNS	The low hills sloped down to form a shallow valley in which the river they had followed all day merged with a river several times its size .
tr	NN	My uncle offered me a really good job in Chicago with his advertising agency .
tr	NNS	These wolves are barely shy of feral , Eric .
tr	NN	Part of me wanted to leap for joy at the thought of keeping him , but I was terrified that he would regret it all .
tr	NN	My subconscious called him a superhero .
tr	NNS	In my head , the wolves circled a body in the snow , their lips bloody , teeth bared , growling over the kill .
tr	NN	and a torrent of incomprehensible whispered insults flowed from his mouth , until a cough seized him and paralyzed his tongue .
tr	NN	" A ghoul is dangerous because it never stops until it is completely destroyed . "
tr	NNS	At night , the torches that he towers cast an eerie red glow on the walls .
tr	NN	By the way , how 's that hottie you were dating the last time I was up in Washington ?
tr	NN	The senator smiled , dabbing his mouth with a napkin .
tr	NNS	The paintings on the walls looked more sexual than she 'd ever noticed .
tr	NN	During the Barker years , whenever he thought about meeting up with his father , there was always some degree of violence involved .
tr	NN	And the need clamoring inside him whipped into a churning frenzy .
tr	NN	Pure adrenaline pushed me to my feet .
tr	NNS	These chains have held me almost every night for three years .
tr	NN	" No soft porn , please . "
tr	NNS	Their minds were dead , too .
tr	NN	Each race that rose from its sphere was ready and fighting to secure itself in its second home .
tr	NNS	The colors were a combination of white and wood .
tr	NN	The creature 's outline faded but continued pursuit , pausing only to bellow .
tr	NN	The bald landlord took up a stool at the bar and enquired .
tr	NNS	Smells like something died in here . "
tr	NN	Storm gave her one of his studied looks .
tr	NNS	" There were possum prints all over the floor , all over my papers . "
tr	NNS	The leaders were okay with the arranged speeches , but their followers weren 't always clued in about what I 'd say .
tr	NN	An exhilarating , pleasant haze settled over me and it ... Burned .
tr	NN	An owl landed in front of her and transformed right before her eyes into a man .
tr	NNS	The teachers who had stood by during the entire recess time like obedient sentries hurried the stragglers in doors .
tr	NNS	Her warriors would hear her , and they would come to her if she beckoned them .
tr	NN	But somehow , equality never works out .
tr	NN	Whispering on the air , similar to the sound of leaves rustling in the trees mixed with chattering .
tr	NN	Another addition on this Earth trip would be the original holy book that belonged to the Mannings .
tr	NNS	Inside the fenced area were two exceptionally large pigs , snorting and rooting through the muck .
tr	NN	His very first instinct was to leave her .
tr	NN	The scowl made his face look older .
tr	NN	You know , His Majesty 's government does not have a favorable view of individuals who utilize a variety of pseudonyms in travelling about . "
tr	NN	" Maybe the goblin cheated you ! "
tr	NN	His body language let on that the constant attention actually bothered him more than he let on .
tr	NN	So much freaking love .
tr	NNS	The deaths weighed heavily on their minds .
tr	NNS	The twins had deciphered my message , and they arrived the next morning .
tr	NNS	Once inside , torches provided enough light that I could see where I was going .
tr	NNS	Surely the whole cosmos has led to the development of life and intelligence .
tr	NN	The doorknob didn 't budge .
tr	NN	" So if this is the cat , then where is the beef ?
tr	NN	There was a roar of wind , the thrum of Bernard 's bow , and a horrible , wet sound of impact .
tr	NN	The infantry will charge behind , hard !
tr	NNS	The Soldiers of Skulls and Bones attack the Orphans Page 216 30 .
tr	NNS	The colors are so vibrant and alive .
tr	NNS	" Flowers , " Dennis stated , pointing towards the chair .
tr	NNS	I shuddered , my fingernails dug deeper into the tree coming up with only rough hewn bark and sap .
tr	NNS	There were elevators there but he was wary of using them .
tr	NN	The rocking got more intense .
tr	NNS	The other galaxies are smaller dwarf and barrel galaxies .
tr	NN	A curving bookcase lined the back of the chamber , stocked with everything from the classic to the obscure .
tr	NNS	Ivy drapes the fence and leafy palms and flowering shrubs seem to fill every available inch on the perimeter of the yard .
tr	NN	Love looked back to observe Heinrich nudging his way into the road .
tr	NNS	" If you want us to take our shirts off , ladies , all you have to do is ask .
tr	NNS	Others think we should be separated from kindergarten and never dressed alike or anything .
tr	NNS	The two warriors faced each other and saluted , leaving the arena at the same time .
tr	NN	Thankfully , the bullet had left him .
tr	NNS	Demetrius had saved Hector 's life and now the tables were turned .
tr	NN	The hunger drove him mad .
tr	NNS	Things get weird when a blanket goes on the attack .
tr	NNS	There were seven planes leaving that day .
tr	NN	His elation lessened when the RSM told him that he would represent the camp in all cross-country races .
tr	NN	Her greeting left no doubt .
tr	NN	His fur shone in the sliver of moonlight , glinting black , then blue , then black again .
tr	NN	" Even if it was why would the veterinarian take it ? "
tr	NNS	If Martin could see this , so then could other werewolves .
tr	NN	The commander asked Heather , " You have taken great risk for our people despite your distrust of those of the palace ; I wonder why ? "
tr	NN	The snake coiled up and raised his head .
tr	NNS	The time travelers I 've met all knew when and where they were going .
tr	NN	... The Sky Monster will transport this man to your hospital ?
tr	NN	" Perry final y grew a pair and kissed you . "
tr	NN	The knight rose and struck his sword uselessly into the demon 's neck .
tr	NN	The thrill of this is like a drug , and succeeding in such affairs more than makes up for the dangers and discomforts .
tr	NN	A panel of flying roof hit him . ' '
tr	NN	" The soul thief is bolting .
tr	NNS	" There are several seats still available for tonight though . "
tr	NN	The whole balance of this kingdom 's future happiness depends on your reconciliation ! "
tr	NNS	Dead gnomes answered no questions .
tr	NN	The sheriff cut a glance at her .
tr	NN	Echoing in the distance , gunfire popped from the continued battle , reminding her of mortality .
tr	NNS	Tris asks me , not looking at her brother .
tr	NNS	All magical races , I think you will find , enjoy their anonymity from humanity . '
tr	NNS	Quick footsteps rush down the hall and Madison appears in the doorway , her gorgeous face full of panic .
tr	NN	The mountain of trash had disappeared from the coffee table and clothes had been picked up from the floor .
tr	NNS	All three werewolves looked at each other , confused .
tr	NNS	" Two cards , please , " Finn said , passing over two from his hand .
tr	NNS	The wooden floor boards of the room creaked , and my senses went on alert .
tr	NNS	Could have already happened and all we are now are play actors in a Rod Serling episode on permanent syndication .
tr	NNS	My abilities had taught me that .
tr	NN	Death 's determination would have consequence , best to make very very sure .
tr	NNS	Instead of falling and letting him pass , the drapes landed on him .
tr	NNS	The media loved Moses .
tr	NN	She hung , her tin extinguished to let her better see the mists .
tr	NNS	Moving objects age at a lesser rate than stationary objects .
tr	NN	Susan 's birthday was in a few days , and her mother was preparing an early birthday dinner for her that evening .
tr	NNS	Things had happened so quickly that he didn 't know which way to turn .
tr	NNS	His minions trailed him , matching his flow .
tr	NN	" So , " I said , " How 's the poker going ? "
tr	NNS	Angled parking spaces lined the storefronts of the one - and two-story businesses .
tr	NN	His appetite had returned to normal quickly , now that Mac was out of the hospital .
tr	NN	The iPod switched to the next track and he flinched at Robert Plant 's sudden wailing cry , mistaking it for the banshee .
tr	NNS	These experiences , these stories , belong to everyone now , and we are all better off for it .
tr	NN	Then , just as he 'd decided to bask in the sun a bit more , there was a telltale rustling from behind a tree .
tr	NN	" My uncle has pressed me into service as his secretary .
tr	NN	My escort led me through the maze of vehicles into the house .
tr	NN	This big fellow whose remains lay beside me had been something more than mortal .
tr	NN	His reputation alone was spotless .
tr	NNS	Exquisite pangs of love twisted her heart .
tr	NNS	" But those ages are just allegorical , not the literal truth . "
tr	NNS	The petals of the Flower then started to rotate , Slowly and slowly , recognizing the new Bond ... .
tr	NNS	But since lycanthropy is a virus , werewolves are my specialty .
tr	NNS	The great forests evolved into suitable dwellings for creatures that could slither , crawl , walk and fly .
tr	NN	Her natural defense was to question .
tr	NN	This leopard was the dark rich gold of Galen 's hair , and its eyes were the incredible green of his eyes .
tr	NNS	The two Sentinels guarding its main entrance were missing .
tr	NNS	The possibilities flitted through Emma 's mind , giving her an adrenaline rush .
tr	NNS	The cosmic functions of birth , life and death were all there with him then when abruptly he stood .
tr	NNS	" Where would the berries be ? "
tr	NN	The only weakness they currently have is their anonymity , which is a direct result of their limited numbers among the general population .
tr	NNS	Right here , right now , my female instincts to protect and heal have kicked in .
tr	NN	Of course his final option would be just to cut and run , but to where ?
tr	NN	The Death of Rats scuttled up the path and through the door .
tr	NNS	" Proper young ladies never call boys !
tr	NN	A pitcher of water sat in the center of the table , a stack of plastic cups next to it .
tr	NNS	The courts moved so slowly that by the time the case was settled , she 'd be dead and buried , she thought cynically .
tr	NNS	" How are your classes ? "
tr	NNS	Two separate species were communicating for the first time ever .
tr	NNS	Ant trails of men were streaming toward it , and in the midst of one such stream he saw Montcalm 's colors , fluttering in the wind .
tr	NN	The ramp was retracting and it was already off the ground .
tr	NN	And now the guilt started .
tr	NNS	The cameras jumped back to the newscaster , who held her microphone to her lips and looked seriously into the camera .
tr	NN	The chase circled around the living room at full speed .
tr	NNS	The door slams shut behind them and I can only make out their muffled argument .
tr	NNS	Honestly though , the chances of that were slim to nil .
tr	NN	A model is sitting on a chaise with her back toward us .
tr	NN	There was no discharge , so she pushed the gate the rest of the way open and stepped free of the cage .
tr	NN	The boiling pot of potatoes flew off the stove and slammed into a nearby wall as he yanked Amy to her feet .
tr	NN	A casual announcement that you 're the Purpose of the Universe might make him start questioning your sanity . '
tr	NNS	Polished floors gleamed like gold .
tr	NNS	" There were other bodily fluids . "
tr	NN	Now that my course was set , my core filled with little needles that seemed to precipitate out of my blood .
tr	NN	The maneuver would have resulted in a delay to the holiday .
tr	NNS	" Guns , " Desmond said matter-of-factly .
tr	NNS	The chains must keep all his abilities constrained .
tr	NNS	Sometimes artists just don 't think about these things , so here . "
tr	NNS	The villagers had clung to their children , men had tried to fight , but it was pointless .
tr	NNS	Myles searched through his top drawer .
tr	NN	When he left ten days ago , there was still chaos .
tr	NN	Or maybe the sheen of color was simply the stone reflecting back the pale blue paint that covered the walls .
tr	NNS	" The bikes are friendlies . "
tr	NN	Sitting across from him was a very adult , beautiful woman that was a bit red-faced at her oversight .
tr	NN	The operation took place the next morning , and it was an unqualified success .
tr	NNS	Their tongues did a delicate dance , communicating to each other exactly how desperately they wanted and needed each other .
tr	NN	The crane operator evaporated into a red mist .
tr	NNS	My classmates are champion fighters .
tr	NNS	Down among the crowds , the fights were dying down .
tr	NN	The captain sounded incredulous .
tr	NNS	Sometimes , despite that Sam was fourteen and nearly as tall as Zoe , her hugs and touches seemed younger , somehow .
tr	NN	" So you say , " says the birthmark .
tr	NN	" No birthday parties ? "
tr	NN	Then another short lightning arc .
tr	NNS	Looks to me like a map of North America . "
tr	NNS	Good sunglasses were damn hard to find these days .
tr	NN	The body language was clear : Come along quietly or get shot .
tr	NN	They ' l give us a bath and special clothes , but it 's al just so we look more presentable for the clients .
tr	NNS	Others like me used to name them but after a few cycles of seeing the ones you like disappear , you give up . "
tr	NN	Before he reached the end the island hunter sensed a change in the air .
tr	NNS	On the back there were three rows of short , evenly spaced interment lines .
tr	NNS	The flight attendants would be coming by soon to take drink orders .
tr	NNS	Reyes was confident of victory until he lost his footing on the damp leaves .
tr	NN	The secretary led him and had bid him farewell with a grin that offset her face .
tr	NNS	The colors were rich brown , dark blue , and creams .
tr	NNS	The other servants don 't take well to that sort of thing , no matter how common it 's been in older times . "
tr	NNS	" Those two ladies were talking about their dead relatives .
tr	NN	' The Chinese government have gone mental .
tr	NNS	Looks like you don 't know it all like you think you do !
tr	NN	" The Master shook his head .
tr	NN	The ice cream was at the perfect temperature inside the freezer ; I 'd made enough to serve twenty if necessary .
tr	NN	The first cottage wasn 't much farther .
tr	NN	Just above the door , there was a tiny rectangle of a window , its glass missing .
tr	NN	The nausea departed as quickly as it had arrived .
tr	NNS	Then there 're claims of old love letters , lockets . '
tr	NN	A sleepy redhead opened the door , her mascara plastered on her face .
tr	NN	Suddenly this mountain was not remote enough .
tr	NN	The tenant must 've left it behind when he moved out . "
tr	NNS	Glad you ladies could make it . "
tr	NN	must register when he reaches his eighteenth birthday , but the military fills its ranks with volunteers .
tr	NN	Or the dragon 's den ?
tr	NNS	A female kobold corpse , withered and mummified , lay belly up on the flat stone , thin cobwebs stretched between her twisted and gnarled limbs .
tr	NNS	Even her cheekbones protruded from the sides of her face , giving her the appearance of a skeleton .
tr	NNS	Increasingly the great minds of science are now the high priests of modern piety .
tr	NN	Apparently , that option wasn 't in the handbook , because my dad looked a little flustered .
tr	NN	Despite their cowardice the night before , the townsfolk saw us off , and a few asked if I 'd let them enlist .
tr	NNS	" No documents found . "
tr	NNS	The rollers supplied the Legacy with its main power when running .
tr	NNS	Most outsiders think it is superstition when we caution them , but locals know such things walk among us . "
tr	NN	The rogue may offer you a thrill , an adventure .
tr	NN	The pen is definitely overdue for some praise .
tr	NN	My vampire mother-in-law and I didn 't agree on many things , but this was a topic we were in perfect harmony about .
tr	NN	This arrangement continued until college , where he and I finally went our separate ways .
tr	NNS	At the same time , his pupils opened with the same confusion she felt .
tr	NN	The partnership had been very productive and the flow of supplies to those of the East had been severely limited .
tr	NN	Another quake worked its way through her .
tr	NN	" Apparently , my inner goddess is a slut .
tr	NN	" The pup 's here ?
tr	NN	" But hey , maybe something went down after I left . "
tr	NN	The Book of the Prophets spoke about the prophet and the time when he would be born .
tr	NN	The lab tech behind the desk is punching buttons frantically .
tr	NNS	There were no posters of rock stars or actors on the walls .
tr	NNS	Reyes had calmed her - how , she still didn 't know - and finally she 'd allowed Aeron to gather her in his arms .
tr	NNS	Others weren 't so lucky .
tr	NN	Part of him knew this chase was futile .
tr	NNS	Vile , horrid creatures that smelled awful and seemed averse to general bathing .
tr	NN	" And my grandmother is really my great-grandmother .
tr	NNS	The drops fell with the precision of a clock every drop bringing death closer to them .
tr	NNS	Red trousers was still smiling .
tr	NN	A nice , fat beetle writhed in my palm , biting futilely at my thumb .
tr	NNS	Nerves are the only thing that gives you away .
tr	NN	The sergeant said he would see what he could do , and picked up the telephone .
tr	NNS	" No apologies necessary , sir . "
tr	NNS	There were subtle differences which took my mind a few minutes to process .
tr	NN	The dragon and witch had done a brilliant job of keeping her alive .
tr	NN	My neighbor is here , so maybe you can kill two birds with one stone . "
tr	NN	However , in all other matters the captain will govern by the vote of the majority . "
tr	NN	Part of her longed for him to open his eyes , see the phone and save her from herself .
tr	NNS	Things to ask Jace about the existence of You left this blank .
tr	NNS	Your instincts were right ; I wanted more from Ned .
tr	NNS	... that some of the boards need repairing . "
tr	NN	My clothing is snug , and , at times , I instinctively touch my abdomen as if to comfort my unborn child .
tr	NN	The whole scenario made me acutely uncomfortable .
tr	NN	The suspect flips him off , then climbs into the Blazer , and drives away .
tr	NN	Part of me wondered if I was following him to my death .
tr	NN	As he did so , the maelstrom seemed to disappear from the middle outward .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of John Henry returned to her as she collected her purse and rose from the empty table .
tr	NNS	Words filled my head faster than I could type them .
tr	NN	This particular wool was one of my favorite brands and it felted beautifully .
tr	NN	What 's a pumpkin ? "
tr	NNS	Soon his movements slowed and desperate needy sounds came from the back of his throat .
tr	NN	A spiral staircase still ran up the outside , though the lowest section had rotted and crumbled away .
tr	NN	Seated beside a shapely redhead , the brunette that had been clinging to Trevor earlier was nowhere in sight .
tr	NN	Sometime male chivalry is dumb .
tr	NN	" If you must kill me , then , so be it , " the hermit sighed , wearily .
tr	NNS	Rufus looked at Nomi .
tr	NN	" Despite the extra weight of the crates , the cart somehow feels lighter . "
tr	NN	" Of course , sweetheart , " Levi answered quickly clasping my hand in his .
tr	NNS	Just like a flame , Jett 's actions had once burned me .
tr	NN	The sheriff and his department were the focus of corruption investigations .
tr	NNS	All planets , moons , asteroids .
tr	NNS	Other squad leaders acknowledged immediately and confirmed that there were no enemies present within half a kilometer .
tr	NNS	The servants had always implored her to keep silent , and they prevailed .
tr	NN	But before he could make the decision , the hinge on the door let out a quick squeak , a quiet but piercing sound .
tr	NN	The womb doesn 't have sufficient elasticity , now .
tr	NN	Sick electricity forked through her as she grabbed his arm , jerked him into the light .
tr	NN	And what will the coven do without my strength , she wondered to herself ?
tr	NN	A blush rose to her cheeks .
tr	NN	Clearly , my uncle and I were very mistaken in some of our conclusions , certainly in those regarding you .
tr	NN	A large owl with tufts on its head had come up from the other side of the bough and had its head in her backpack !
tr	NNS	Even scraps of clothing could help with identification .
tr	NNS	Only one other bounty hunter truly gave him any competition .
tr	NNS	The patchy brown spots we saw through the few trees , indicated it was a burial place .
tr	NNS	All four captains were there , waiting , which immediately raised his anxiety level .
tr	NN	The whispering in my head had segued into " Sympathy for the Devil " by the Stones .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of violation and torture raced through his mind .
tr	NN	It real y was a joke .
tr	NNS	The controller 's demands had been clear .
tr	NNS	The streetlights are rushing by .
tr	NNS	The white worms boiled up out of the fog , writhing ferociously , smashing into the invisible wall , their teeth tearing at it .
tr	NN	Some instinct told Ronan that he was no longer alone .
tr	NN	An original chandelier in the foyer that makes the light look golden instead of white .
tr	NN	A comforting mental chuckle came through , making me sigh and relax my shoulders .
tr	NNS	Most gangs were " blood in , blood out " - you killed someone to get in and you had to be dead to get out .
tr	NNS	Screams echoed across the city , but they weren 't close .
tr	NNS	Besides , those villages are crucial .
tr	NN	Part of me wants to squee up and down the hallway , but I need to act sane for a moment .
tr	NNS	Things always look better in the morning . "
tr	NNS	Horrible , hard , heavy chains , as if I were a dangerous criminal , as if I had done anything to deserve this .
tr	NNS	" Oh , the one Kel 's crushing on ? "
tr	NNS	The countess rolled her eyes .
tr	NN	A leader that puts their people in harms way is a failed leader .
tr	NNS	The mines had been her responsibility and she had followed the king 's orders to the letter .
tr	NN	My red brick cottage , from the backyard , was silent and motionless .
tr	NN	" Way to go , Jake . "
tr	NN	When I first found out , the guilt nearly killed me .
tr	NNS	Her white dresses , though forced upon her , had become something of a symbol of defiance .
tr	NN	Also , there is a tremendous quantity of demonic energy in your immediate vicinity .
tr	NN	" There 's leftover Swiss steak in the fridge if you 're hungry . "
tr	NN	While the agent watched him closely , the lieutenant commander stood and crossed over to the room 's only window .
tr	NNS	Dogs don 't get that big .
tr	NNS	The wolves are circling closer .
tr	NNS	There were no large gangs of teenage hoodlums roaming these malls after school , either , only large clicks of teenage girls .
tr	NN	Perhaps this nap gave her more strength and perspective than she 'd realized .
tr	NNS	Some matched Marc Dumont 's shoe we confiscated from the hospital , the other prints are unknown .
tr	NNS	Cherry hardwood floors gleamed under a white throw rug .
tr	NNS	Questions for adult children of alcoholics , the paper had read .
tr	NN	Thinking of it made his skin crawl .
tr	NN	" What 's her condition ? "
tr	NNS	There were signs on the wall indicating where the corridors led .
tr	NNS	Why is this humorous to you ?
tr	NNS	The stakes made any conventional race seem ludicrous .
tr	NNS	Our gold investments should be okay .
tr	NN	The slug has spotted her and is headed in her direction , but its feet keep getting tripped up in the sand .
tr	NNS	The cameras recorded one frame every second .
tr	NN	The colonel held up a hand .
tr	NNS	Hephaestus pressed a button on his computer panel and an image appeared around the table and on two large screens .
tr	NN	The after lunch session was physical training ; sparring with swords , calisthenics and the like .
tr	NN	Illegal object detected in transport eleven , traveler terminated ! "
tr	NNS	Faint red spots on his face suggested radiation burns .
tr	NNS	The black robed uniforms were the only thing similar on each of them .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids slid closed .
tr	NNS	Makes me wonder why you want to trade it for a hard news beat . "
tr	NN	The tribe lived in their native land where they had originally settled .
tr	NN	The first bullet had almost taken his heart .
tr	NNS	Built each from the sense objects of the mind . "
tr	NNS	Things could have been worse .
tr	NN	A plastic skeleton hung from the rearview mirror and the vintage car 's interior was perfectly amazing , with restored black vinyl upholstered seats .
tr	NNS	The servants took away his soup .
tr	NNS	Then his head dips , and my lips tingle with anticipation .
tr	NN	In his place , a large , menacing hawk took to the skies .
tr	NNS	Marius must have seen the look of fear on his face .
tr	NN	Beneath the sword , a wooden stake lay flat against his forearm .
tr	NNS	The ladies in my quilting circle never believe a word I say about this job .
tr	NN	JJ can 't hold off both the safety and the linebacker who are trying to get at me .
tr	NNS	Their deaths had been for nothing because I was a coward .
tr	NN	There was a metal staircase leading down .
tr	NNS	Amber pools of pain stared up at him .
tr	NN	Her neighbor on the corner was out on his riding mower , making perfect stripes on the lawn .
tr	NN	The metal shelf was about ten yards long and ten yards wide .
tr	NN	But the leather thong continued to fall , tearing open her tender flesh and sending blood flooding down to the stone floor .
tr	NNS	Aurelius moved Wyatt aside and sat on the edge of my bed .
tr	NN	Well , salad maybe , but not me . "
tr	NN	The siren continued , looking and sounding very nonchalant about the whole thing .
tr	NN	" How large is your command ? "
tr	NN	The healer avoided him .
tr	NN	The mountain loomed in the distance .
tr	NNS	Things could get out of control .
tr	NNS	Marble tiles , previously hidden by tables and seating , were now visible .
tr	NN	But now that she wanted to for the first time , her inability to do so filled her with rage .
tr	NNS	His baby blues glimmered .
tr	NNS	What are your credentials ? "
tr	NNS	Outside , too , more wolves moved restlessly throughout the grounds , along the high , heavy fence enclosing them on the property .
tr	NNS	Small dinners were underway on the sailboats .
tr	NN	' And this teenage illness -- he suffered it too ? '
tr	NN	The sentiment doubled the arrhythmia problem I was having .
tr	NN	" You know exactly what 's going on here , " the scout leader said .
tr	NNS	My e-mails didn 't change things much .
tr	NN	Old color television that only picked up five channels .
tr	NNS	* Sam Gibson had received pretty sketchy information on Rory Davenport and Jason Goldman from the respective police authorities charged with investigating their disappearance .
tr	NNS	All future royalty checks come directly to me . "
tr	NN	" Yes , " said Arun the helper .
tr	NN	An orgasm that had her choking back a scream because the pleasure had just ripped right through her .
tr	NNS	The pills are a vital part of the recovery .
tr	NN	" My daddy didn 't die of the polio . "
tr	NN	He hadn , t really been with Celeste since before the massacre .
tr	NNS	Myles arched an eyebrow at him .
tr	NN	The first page , written in Maggie 's hand said , Well , it 's done .
tr	NN	Our first follower stumbled out of the broken window and collapsed onto the ground next to us .
tr	NNS	Flaming innards showered Emile , who dropped and rolled to snuff out flames licking at his uniform .
tr	NN	His sandpaper growl made her swoon , and her hands fumbled with his boxers , needing this last barrier out of the way .
tr	NNS	His movements were jerky and erratic , like a bird 's .
tr	NN	" My birth , my investigation , so wherever you go , I go . "
tr	NNS	The paleness of her skin and the shadows under her eyes concerned him .
tr	NNS	Sleeping arrangements were elementary ; find a space , lie down and that was it .
tr	NNS	Her motherly instincts don 't let me down .
tr	NN	This assistance derived from nothing less then retribution for an indiscretion that occurred many years before .
tr	NN	Perhaps those dwarfs would let me join their troupe .
tr	NNS	His movements were part pain , but raw , edgy pleasure as well .
tr	NN	Then , gesturing to his numerous attendants , the duke made his way out the side door to the chapel , disappearing into the twilight .
tr	NN	Beneath the dress was another garment , a large black cloak ; it appeared she had come in secret .
tr	NNS	Both couples are going strong and I told them to keep a close eye on those two girls , because they can get into trouble .
tr	NN	The veil that separated the truth from the mortal world simply slipped away .
tr	NN	A giggle started in the back , slowly working its way to the front until everyone relaxed and joined in .
tr	NNS	25 Marius sat in front of Haven , squinting at her .
tr	NNS	Notify the authorities , " he barks , his voice calm and crisp .
tr	NNS	Reyes cursed as he searched the airport , nearby hotels .
tr	NN	The baron was a fair warrior in his day -- he soldered his reputation by culls of the goblins that nibble at his borders like starving mice .
tr	NN	The explanation for this lies in the chemistry of the brain .
tr	NNS	Lights winked on computer screens .
tr	NN	Lust was one thing .
tr	NNS	In the real story , the mothers don 't cut the baby in half . "
tr	NNS	Starbucks takes first watch .
tr	NNS	There were very strict codes they had to follow .
tr	NNS	The sirens got louder , and a few moments later the first patrol car came into view .
tr	NNS	Charles 's footsteps behind her announced that he hadn 't left , after all .
tr	NN	Shortly thereafter , a runner came from the settlement .
tr	NN	The communicator at his neck made an inaudible vibration that he only barely felt .
tr	NN	A prickle of unease ran through her like a shiver .
tr	NN	To be quite frank , a mortal is no match for a werewolf .
tr	NN	" Not an adult , but not fresh out of the egg .
tr	NN	" Begging your pardon miss , I 've been knocking for the last five minutes , " said the maid , pretending not to notice the book .
tr	NN	Her usual lingerie would make even a prostitute blush .
tr	NN	Yes , the bastard had .
tr	NNS	But the closer we got to Cronus , the slimmer the chances of that ever happening became .
tr	NNS	The piglet squeals reached a fever pitch above me .
tr	NN	" So mote it be , " the healer said .
tr	NNS	Girls can 't make a move without telling other girls about it . "
tr	NN	A stack of firewood sat on the side , and a wisp of smoke curled up from the chimney .
tr	NNS	Their footsteps were light and almost in unison except for the giant .
tr	NN	No offense , Grey , but you 're not one of the guys .
tr	NN	The audience roared to life .
tr	NN	" With your honour 's permission ? "
tr	NNS	There were tales that the warehouse was haunted by evil spirits , the ghosts of fallen soldiers .
tr	NN	Love was a danger to us .
tr	NN	A brass plaque on the wall caught her eye .
tr	NN	" I have the authority to use this office in a criminal investigation , " the sheriff said poking Mike on the chest .
tr	NN	What 's the likes of a sweet chica like you doing here ? "
tr	NNS	The ruins of a great castle towered over him and the River fretted about its feet .
tr	NN	My grandmother threw us a grand wedding , although at first she didn 't want to .
tr	NNS	Behind him , his companions chuckled .
tr	NNS	Others came from other stores and building around them , gnashing and tearing at each other .
tr	NN	" A little venom and probably some bruising tomorrow . "
tr	NN	He stood silhouetted by the snow , his elegantly dressed body moving with latent power , his shoulders bunching and flexing beneath the velvet of his coat .
tr	NN	The air conditioning unit kicks on with an audible thud , followed by a faint breeze from the vent above me .
tr	NN	The mayor of the city had come in to congratulate the surgery team .
tr	NNS	More food bars poured on a grinning John , as the men did as instructed , filing in to the store , and refilling their ration packs .
tr	NN	A scary looking fellow ; he had a massive scar across his face . "
tr	NNS	New cases of the Weeping Sickness are almost unheard of .
tr	NNS	That my clients would even still be there waiting for me ? "
tr	NN	Which , as it turned out , the principal did .
tr	NN	Now there was a glint in her eye . '
tr	NNS	Elias squinted at Gwen .
tr	NNS	When he had finished Nightingale checked to make sure there were no gaps .
tr	NN	Maybe ... maybe fifty houses , Gel thought ; smaller than home had been anyway , before it burnt to the ground .
tr	NNS	Golden chandeliers cast bright light onto the brown leather couches that looked worn and comfy .
tr	NNS	Hard calluses scraped against her soft skin as his hand explored her body .
tr	NNS	Others struck the ground all around the hilltop and out in the ghost town , preparing to mop up .
tr	NNS	Others will find the strength to stand against you . '
tr	NNS	Small pools of dust collected in the beams pouring from the windows , and she watched them swirl and dance in the invisible air currents .
tr	NNS	Our visitors would find it dull . "
tr	NN	The Manager was going to be gone for a week so he had total control of the Forest Sector .
tr	NNS	My nostrils stung , invaded by chemical smells , and the ground beneath me was hard and unyielding .
tr	NN	Part of me wondered if it was the sound of my own body snapping against the trunk of one of the trees .
tr	NN	There was only one explanation .
tr	NNS	Cadmus looked far worse .
tr	NN	Tristan and I had dinner promptly at five , as I 'd come to find out was our routine .
tr	NN	The sheriff slapped the desk .
tr	NNS	Large areas of dense woodland stood in stark contrast to those that had been logged with only remnants of trees left behind .
tr	NN	" You 'd better watch yourself , " the policeman snapped .
tr	NN	Maybe his miraculous improvement had nothing to do with Ethan . "
tr	NN	For the first time , her bravado left her , her cheeks flushing with embarrassment .
tr	NNS	The motorcycles screeched , veering and turning .
tr	NN	The hood was up hiding his face in its gloomy interior .
tr	NN	And his prey had finally returned to the city .
tr	NN	" Why does the storeroom have a wall bed , a bathroom , and a kitchen ? "
tr	NNS	The edges of reality went blurry again .
tr	NN	Your angel cannot protect you against that which neither God nor the Devil has made . "
tr	NN	The doll gently reclined on it .
tr	NN	" The government is useless .
tr	NN	" How 's the beef ? "
tr	NN	" But career came first .
tr	NNS	The villagers certainly thought he was .
tr	NN	Strand after strand , some the thickness of several trees placed together , others as fine as a length of thread .
tr	NNS	' These lands were once our home , and the people therein have done nothing to us .
tr	NNS	Flames licked at him .
tr	NNS	Elias looked to the other two .
tr	NN	His spine and left forearm filled with liquid fire .
tr	NN	The dance studio had come to its last tango some time ago .
tr	NN	From the moment they 'd met , there was an undeniable spark between them .
tr	NNS	Two quick beeps and a sharp , disengaging twinge like a bullet leaving the brain , shot through the back of his skull .
tr	NN	The fug folk don 't leave the fug for the likes of us . "
tr	NNS	The floors were all polished wood .
tr	NN	" The sheriff had someone hide in the wagon ? "
tr	NNS	Things were getting more interesting by the minute .
tr	NNS	The cookies were helpless .
tr	NN	Quite simply , the exhibition changed Ruth that week .
tr	NN	The troll took a swing at the Prince and we both turned .
tr	NNS	The hospital nurses were more accommodating during visiting hours .
tr	NNS	Questions were going around and around in her mind .
tr	NN	Enough , for me the race is over .
tr	NN	" That theory works for you but you raised us this way .
tr	NN	Tucker 's belly turned to ice .
tr	NNS	And my colors were all dark as well : black , purple , blue .
tr	NNS	The soft strands covered his hands , and memories of lying together with her hair tickling his chest rushed through his mind .
tr	NN	Storm moved around behind her .
tr	NNS	The free tickets to the dance were a nice touch , but by then , I would have pretended to fall for anything . "
tr	NN	The enormous reptile whirled around , screeching loudly as it searched for its attacker .
tr	NN	" As my mistress commands . "
tr	NN	The candlelight flickers between us , highlighting his beautiful face .
tr	NNS	Just being millimeters from Elliot 's radiating warmth , my chills vanished .
tr	NNS	Others gathered in small groups , talking and playing games .
tr	NNS	And the less you 're wearing , the more easily the cameras can track the heat in your body , your movements . "
tr	NN	That thin layer of linoleum on top is all that 's preventing you from falling through . "
tr	NNS	Things had eased up a little since our birthday fight last night , but tension still hung heavy between us .
tr	NN	For a moment there was a glint of satisfaction in his eyes , but it winked out as Hal continued speaking .
tr	NNS	What other creatures existed that weren 't supposed to be real ?
tr	NN	My fell master will triumph over everything in the end . "
tr	NNS	Questions In the days that followed , I clung to those words .
tr	NN	More adrenaline and heat and too long not touching sent his hands into the pooling mass of her hair .
tr	NNS	The tentacles reached the top of the cylinder , slapped against the upper curved surface , swung sideways .
tr	NNS	All his instincts and strength to kill bravely what he considered a threat combined with the necessary physique to present the bullfighter with the possibility of triumph .
tr	NN	And another employer wouldn 't be as accommodating .
tr	NN	This urgent demand raging throughout his body was completely different from even that .
tr	NN	' Just a scratch , sir , look ... ' Groat unfastened the buttons of his nightshirt .
tr	NN	The agent was sitting on an iron bench , waiting for him .
tr	NN	In the center of the main floor , there was a large staircase that gave me the choice of either ascending or descending .
tr	NNS	His leaders argued for opposing the WTR landing at the river flood walls .
tr	NNS	The gold characters looked silver in the dim moonlight .
tr	NNS	Stronger gusts blew sporadically knocking him off balance .
tr	NNS	Root vegetables had survived the ravaging of the farmland by those of the East and it was a most pleasant meal .
tr	NNS	What were the chances that this was just a coincidence ?
tr	NNS	A full 18 inches was thinner than the other half , but it was covered in small , pyramid-shaped stones , their points facing out .
tr	NNS	Hands were on me , my lover 's hands but they weren 't touching me in a loverly way .
tr	NNS	High cheekbones and pointed nose create a gaunt , almost haunting , appearance .
tr	NNS	His grandparents came to Canada after Lenin 's revolution .
tr	NNS	His hands were mangled , his thumbs twisted inward .
tr	NN	An immediate and unanimous chorus of murmured agreement answered him , but Kellan was already moving on with Mira in tow .
tr	NNS	" Things like what ? "
tr	NNS	The man worth millions was watching me , grinning at the arm covering my body .
tr	NN	" Now a full colonel , I see .
tr	NN	" I 'm not too sure I like your plan , " the ape put in .
tr	NNS	The warriors were strong , and they were skillful and they were successful .
tr	NN	she 'd asked , the amber eyes spiking him as though he were a chicken she 'd like to turn over a slow-burning fire .
tr	NN	The gas was pumping down now .
tr	NNS	The florescent bulbs in the ceiling buzzed and came back on in full force .
tr	NNS	Three more goblins came at me , one of them the big goblin who 'd spoken before , the chief .
tr	NNS	The sweatpants were too long and the sweatshirt was too big and the poncho came nearly to my knees .
tr	NNS	Things I didn 't think anyone else would ever read !
tr	NN	The dragon renewed its assault in a maddened frenzy of teeth and talons .
tr	NN	" My teacher says that if I stick with it I could be a famous dancer someday .
tr	NN	In less than an hour , an iceberg would suddenly appear in front of the ship and they would be unable to avoid the collision .
tr	NNS	The technicians hand me a set of padded gloves and a helmet .
tr	NNS	Witches were circling to land at the far end , and more and more people were pouring in through the gateway .
tr	NNS	The elevators -- absurdly tiny and ridiculously slow -- did .
tr	NNS	Our tongues tangled in a dance of total love .
tr	NNS	Soldiers filtered everyone into their sections , keeping the aisle and the area in front of the gallows clear .
tr	NN	Silver for the demon towers , And bronze to summon wicked powers .
tr	NN	The last quarter of an hour has been a rush of stress , so I try to relax and concentrate .
tr	NN	A hunter found his corpse , finally , one afternoon in February .
tr	NN	A bullet had grazed my thigh .
tr	NNS	There are different types of quanta , and these can form " quantum fields " .
tr	NN	A world map covered in red thumbtacks hangs on the wall .
tr	NN	The roar grew louder until finally it overtook me completely , and then - I was drowning .
tr	NN	The young , overachieving escort who 'd been at his side during his entire stay on campus was waiting in the wings with a blinding smile .
tr	NNS	The tentacles petted and caressed my hands and arms .
tr	NNS	Immediately after the Yoyo device was thrown , two small plastic blades unfolded outwards giving greater stability during its flight .
tr	NN	And by the way , we ' l have an eye on you , because of your little query .
tr	NN	A teacher from another school gave him the baton he was supposed to hand off to Austin .
tr	NNS	All the items were fine art in a variety of mediums .
tr	NNS	More tiles came loose under his feet until he managed to grab the ledge and flung his hands through the open window .
tr	NNS	The good countess and the count , my boy Kuno , and now even little Wolf ! '
tr	NNS	Words can never express how much I love you both .
tr	NN	Where 's the creativity in that ?
tr	NNS	Many days and nights had past , since they had left the oasis , for the most part , their travels had been uneventful .
tr	NNS	Not even his lovers knew his name , nor would they have cared to ask .
tr	NNS	But the blessed creatures do seem to know , sometimes , so they are looking out a likely boy for the thing . "
tr	NNS	The floors were always so cold here .
tr	NNS	Dirt and gravel roads ran away from the main river road as they got closer and closer to the town .
tr	NNS	Things in the hallway stopped making sense .
tr	NN	" That network was in the toilet and I brought them back and made them relevant again !
tr	NN	The vodka had pretty much numbed any feeling in my leg .
tr	NN	With the famed blade in his hand , the giant warrior stumbled through the doorway of the sturdy residence .
tr	NNS	The bridesmaids consisted of Veronica , Violet , Anya , Becky , Isabella , and Rebecca .
tr	NN	My therapist in Florida told me I may always have them .
tr	NNS	Would their movements be just as sluggish ?
tr	NNS	Gorgeous , fascinating , stubborn , funny , but I wouldn 't have you anyway . "
tr	NN	" Love brings you closer to God and then everything you do will work out . "
tr	NNS	But the trappings of Julie 's upcoming career were everywhere .
tr	NN	There was a smallest twinkle in Leonardo 's eye .
tr	NNS	" Two wolves with different labels leading the sheep to the slaughter . "
tr	NN	A dart struck his neck .
tr	NN	No angel would dare go against His will . "
tr	NN	Light and dark continued to clash as fire and smoke like death and foul flame rose up and around the higher cave walls .
tr	NNS	The few witnesses of the imminent disaster standing open mouthed , looking at the scene , unable to cover their eyes .
tr	NN	" Quark production ramping to full capacity , " another tech said .
tr	NNS	Sadness flowed into his expression and his eyes turned down .
tr	NNS	" Hawthorne was barely more than a boy , " noted the duchess .
tr	NN	The agent spoke to her , but his focus was centered wholly on Andreas , who loomed behind her , throwing off heat like a furnace .
tr	NN	The applause grows steadily louder , mixed with enthusiastic hollering .
tr	NNS	The twins touched the mind of the sleeping human at the exact same time , sharing the knowledge without thinking about it , a well-rehearsed action .
tr	NNS	Black spots already clouded his eyes .
tr	NNS	Most searches resulted in thousands of hits .
tr	NNS	Her defenses weakened when she looked in his eyes .
tr	NN	Does my lack of knowledge of their absence show they are all present ? "
tr	NN	" Earlier today a British officer was captured , a dragon captain - " " What of it ?
tr	NNS	Plus , my contacts were bothering me that morning so I had to wear my black rimmed ' Buddy Holly ' glasses .
tr	NNS	The winds died down , and a curious calm overtook his face .
tr	NN	The turbulence actually helped him , drawing him downward and inward .
tr	NNS	Sadness filled Della 's eyes and Kylie felt the emotion resonate within herself .
tr	NN	Love like only a parent can give .
tr	NNS	And there were strands of pale hair caught between his fingers , though nowhere near enough to cover the head of his dead girlfriend .
tr	NN	With a heave , the lieutenant threw a second switch at the generator 's side .
tr	NN	So his twin let him take their seaside palace .
tr	NNS	Later , the teachers forgave them inaccuracy in their forecast because , as you know , one learns from one 's mistakes .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared as he latched onto her signature scent .
tr	NNS	Several rows of newly planted seeds waited for a bit of sun to peak into the courtyard .
tr	NNS	There were some French rolls starting to go hard on the counter , so I grabbed a couple of those as well .
tr	NN	The envoy prepared for the day knowing it would be a day of reckoning between those groups who struggled for power .
tr	NNS	After they finished their meal the four companions sat around in silence for a while before Eduard declared that it was time to go to sleep .
tr	NN	Soon after the cabin doors closed , the pilot had appeared at the front of the cabin .
tr	NN	For the first time a commander from the north had joined them .
tr	NN	Mountain Song told Alma of how the girl lives today .
tr	NN	The squad leader waved back , and the men turned back to the perimeter road where it was easier going .
tr	NNS	There are generations with very little information .
tr	NN	And all her misery finally would have been over .
tr	NN	The Mackenzie family mausoleum was always cold .
tr	NNS	Only seven wells were burning by the time the area was secured .
tr	NNS	There were no leaks .
tr	NNS	Finally after two hours the chains broke on and the giant was free .
tr	NNS	I stood underneath the tallest building in New Europa , seventy floors towering above me .
tr	NNS	In his experience , supernaturals were highly expendable to humans .
tr	NNS	The murmurs grew louder , more forceful .
tr	NN	Her past hidden agenda had demanded that she remain focused and detached .
tr	NNS	Several scales are missing .
tr	NNS	The bikes can only just barely fit through at some places .
tr	NNS	" Where ' bouts ? "
tr	NNS	After spending the winter hibernating beneath her land , the creatures had awakened and were coming to the house as they did every year .
tr	NNS	The gunmen would be on top of them in a matter of moments .
tr	NNS	The zombies were almost upon us .
tr	NN	" The video is a little old , but it 's the one everyone knows .
tr	NN	There is a species of pixie in Norway that loses its wings at the onset of winter .
tr	NNS	" Where are the films ? "
tr	NN	The blurring of the boundaries between them , can only lead to mutual stimulation not contamination .
tr	NN	" We 'll find him , Da , " his oldest said , the others roaring behind him .
tr	NN	After greeting them , Jordan 's grandmother insisted on serving them iced tea out by the lake .
tr	NN	Your Master demands it . "
tr	NN	A gleam of silver blinded him again for a moment .
tr	NN	My sweater came off in a heady tug and pull .
tr	NNS	Beyond the sets of French doors , torches on the beach led down to the water . "
tr	NNS	The TV cameras showed the soldiers adamant .
tr	NN	A silver sparkle catches my eye and I pause on my way back to the closet .
tr	NN	Oh , and the stench of cur was thick in the air .
tr	NN	They ' l stop her . "
tr	NN	when there was a sudden rap on the door .
tr	NNS	Others aboard noticed , however , and so began her trouble .
tr	NN	The stench suggested something deathly .
tr	NNS	All the bits , he thought , I must have all the bits by now .
tr	NN	Then instantly , the clarity of her vision was paralyzing .
tr	NNS	Three packets of tissues , loose papers in a file labelled " to be shredded " .
tr	NN	So what had the prophecy meant ?
tr	NNS	All signs pointed to a frigid season ahead .
tr	NNS	But with all of their chemical properties mixed ... ... ... it may be a long shot but I think we have found an antidote ! "
tr	NN	' And a cute flower in my hair . '
tr	NNS	The city gates had indeed been wide open .
tr	NN	The bullet is silent and deadly .
tr	NN	" Your temporary engagement ring .
tr	NN	When I did remember , though , the guilt poured through me .
tr	NNS	" Yeah , the squares are so symmetrical .
tr	NNS	The creatures rarely tried to escape .
tr	NN	the redhead asked rhetorically .
tr	NN	The sergeant stood at attention .
tr	NN	To my right , the porcelain receptionist smiled as I passed by .
tr	NN	" Where 's your daddy ? "
tr	NN	Even better , this particular neighbor had had a property line dispute with her grandmother .
tr	NNS	Then the footsteps came to the base of the tree .
tr	NN	A very low rem range , it seems like , and we 're obviously unaffected , otherwise we 'd have noticed it by now . "
tr	NNS	The elves clinging to his legs were biting him .
tr	NN	After a minute , the captain regained his composure , introducing her to the others .
tr	NN	Her eyes slide open a crack .
tr	NNS	Howard Neale had assured him the trials could start in mere days from now .
tr	NN	A growl rumbled from Romulus ' chest .
tr	NN	The Program is still looking for James . "
tr	NNS	Next , candidates had to know how to read the sky and waves for the information they could reveal .
tr	NNS	Reyes sniffed the air and immediately recognized the scent of the other wolf .
tr	NN	His uncle 's gun .
tr	NN	The location is Ottawa , Canada , " the Master continued .
tr	NN	This particular intruder wasn 't moving .
tr	NNS	There was bookshelves lining the walls of the little alcove , with a pair of siting chairs on top of a nice rug .
tr	NNS	Of course , there were the sad cases as well where people did their research and still the company didn 't do well .
tr	NN	My master is expecting you .
tr	NN	There was a third factor , but without the first two , I don 't believe the story ever would have been written .
tr	NNS	" And so am I. Families are like that .
tr	NNS	The chains in his grasp turn red , then white hot .
tr	NNS	The hobbits began to tell him the story of their adventures ever since they left Hobbiton .
tr	NN	His breeches and morning coat were of the finest quality , his boots polished and gleaming .
tr	NNS	He glanced around , saw other leaks spurting from the ceiling , the walls .
tr	NN	" And this map was from the eighteenth century ? "
tr	NNS	Saul 's footsteps were even softer now .
tr	NNS	The mechanisms of some of the trickier locks at East Keep had to be turned left first , and then right .
tr	NN	The brotherhood ran deep but not without demons .
tr	NN	The receptionist behind her glass screen picked up the phone and rang through , presumably to the doctor .
tr	NN	The first bullet shattered the window and the driver slumped forward .
tr	NN	" Where 's the airfield ? "
tr	NNS	Some nations - France , Italy , and Germany were the most notable - refused to accept vampires as equal citizens .
tr	NN	However , in this man 's eyes that hunger caused a panicked , primitive reaction to flare hotly through me .
tr	NNS	There were between eight and twelve thousand deaths in 1853 alone .
tr	NNS	These types of struggles always went sour .
tr	NN	Wild eyed , hair flying , his supervisor tore towards the guards and their big black guns .
tr	NNS	The chances that he was going to be rescued by an outside presence seemed slimmer by the hour .
tr	NN	The FBI agent stood up .
tr	NNS	Bugs could tell this meant a lot to Timmy , but a major hurdle lied in his path .
tr	NN	Obviously , with so few people left to manage the castle , a chore such as beating and cleaning the tapestries would go long neglected .
tr	NN	The pilot hesitated , and then his expression brightened .
tr	NN	Rayne sets the package of food on the floor , then brings her hands to the sea urchin jar , one of Serena 's experiments .
tr	NNS	The images , sounds , and scents of her woke up Graham 's needs too .
tr	NN	The damaging electrical pulse had the capability of traveling distances of hundreds of miles in mere nanoseconds , causing electrical breakdowns and creating havoc .
tr	NNS	The gears turned out to be legs -- automaton legs , an invention and wonder used only by the wealthy .
tr	NNS	Odysseus had no reply to that .
tr	NNS	Sirens sounded in the distance .
tr	NN	The total sum is significant , but I am afraid I must insist on immediate repayment .
tr	NN	Each separate compartment holds one person comfortably while venturing around the galaxy .
tr	NN	" The deputy just left , so I haven 't really had a chance to talk to Kit about it . "
tr	NNS	What if the infected rats had accomplished enough to weaken the ancestors ?
tr	NN	His next birthday would be my treat .
tr	NNS	Lives were at stake here and now .
tr	NNS	The door locks shattered through the jamb , spraying splinters through the air and filling the hallway with an echoing boom .
tr	NNS	Finally , the villagers were willing and ready to receive instruction from the elves .
tr	NN	How was I supposed to find it when you sent me on a wild goose chase wouldn 't tell me anything and leave me to rot !
tr	NNS	Girls and their sentiment , " he grunted rudely and if I didn 't know my brother so intrinsically , I would have believed his arrogance .
tr	NNS	Early indications are that he 's now a Level Two .
tr	NNS	These banks are notorious for laundering drug money , including Romano 's organization .
tr	NNS	The consequences from this point on are mine alone .
tr	NN	The barkeep laughed again as I glanced away , annoyed .
tr	NN	An announcement crackled over the speakers signaling the train 's arrival and reminding passengers to collect their possessions .
tr	NN	The mirror 's reflection smiled at me , and I got out with that smile on my face , playing with my key .
tr	NN	Her gown was the ethereal white of hoar frost , her hair a deep brunette under the shimmering frost that clung to its lengths .
tr	NNS	Chills spread all over her as he gently suckled the tender skin there .
tr	NNS	Future generations must know how quickly the Clave lost , and how decisive our victory was . "
tr	NNS	All my hopes shattered in a second ; yet , I am not disappointed .
tr	NN	The agent grew desperate .
tr	NNS	There were no witnesses .
tr	NNS	Muddy pools flooded the low lying and badly drained slum areas of Bogotá .
tr	NN	Part of her didn 't dare .
tr	NNS	Funny how her top priorities used to include quitting time , grocery lists and what programming to pack onto her DVR .
tr	NNS	" Where are his minions ?
tr	NNS	Her footsteps reverberated through the emptiness as she walked to one of the tall , narrow windows .
tr	NN	Love swelled , flowed in their old connection , but broader now , binding them in a circle through the family they 'd built together .
tr	NN	" My teacher says kids in the state homes don 't have as much support as me , so that 's why I won . "
tr	NNS	Did ghosts even have bare knuckles ?
tr	NN	The old women tightened her grip on the staff , then raised her arm , the chatting stopped abruptly , everyone fell silent .
tr	NN	The glint in Brick 's eye suggested complete lunacy , genius , or a man with a trapped eyelash refusing to blink .
tr	NN	Love is not for me .
tr	NN	A Yamaha keyboard near the window caught her eye .
tr	NNS	There were dents in his bronze form , and the whole thing leaned a little to the left , as though built on unsteady ground .
tr	NNS	Often those changes tend to be long lasting .
tr	NNS	The first three floors of the building went surprisingly well .
tr	NN	" Our reputation has endured .
tr	NN	In fact , the constant roar of equipment makes it hard to hear myself think .
tr	NN	A plaque below the statue reads : ' Like so many sacrificed for the greater good , together we now stand . '
tr	NN	From that dread spilled resentment .
tr	NN	Still , there was something nagging me about the way Trish had been treating Stryker .
tr	NN	The ice cream sundae you bought me at the zoo contained enough calories to keep me going for the next week . "
tr	NN	The operator eventually interrupted , warning that the phone was off the hook , and then that grating , pulsing noise began .
tr	NNS	Can 't understand it myself , " she said lightly addressing the parents now , " those creatures have no edge . "
tr	NN	The trio of vehicles came to a halt and Ben led Latimer and the two Americans toward the parade .
tr	NN	The nausea in my stomach reared up again until Caleb finally left the guy in peace .
tr	NN	Anger and determination increased my strength and I pushed my way forward without slowing down , wondering what other defensive spells he had ready .
tr	NN	" Where is your loyalty ? "
tr	NN	Farther down the shop , there 's a newly bared , regular mannequin .
tr	NN	But my pa taught me well .
tr	NNS	The two nuns jolted and glanced uneasily at the recording equipment aimed towards them .
tr	NN	My schedule keeps changing .
tr	NN	Every clang of a pipe or swish of air inside a vent made her heart race .
tr	NNS	Aris had announced what he 'd been through as simply and quickly as describing a trip to the beach .
tr	NN	" A warrior driven by such selfish means is not a warrior fit to lead others into battle .
tr	NN	The colonel arched an eyebrow .
tr	NNS	Romulus tied the rope to the chimney on the roof .
tr	NN	The central teaching of Islam is that there is but one all-powerful , all-knowing God , and that this God created the universe .
tr	NN	Rafe 's official department photograph stared back at her .
tr	NNS	These ancient legends of ours all have Earth as their setting , yet on Earth they are not known .
tr	NNS	Horus repeated the name with a peculiar disinterest .
tr	NNS	There was a fierceness in his kiss , a desperation ... and I answered , just as hungry for him .
tr	NNS	Massive gold chandeliers lit the front of The Strand .
tr	NN	The foliage was vividly green and shiny with rain .
tr	NNS	The lighting technicians dimmed the spotlight slightly changing the hue and the soft background music soared triumphantly .
tr	NN	The ego exchange would come sooner than it might have without the strains of command .
tr	NNS	" And now , the elves are talking about a doon from three thousand years ago returning to power . "
tr	NN	A slight tremble quivered her lip .
tr	NNS	The blades had stopped and were " feathered , " or turned ninety degrees to face the airstream and reduce drag .
tr	NNS	Werewolves that couldn 't be killed with silver or recognized as werewolves by their human eyes was bad .
tr	NN	The stench makes him gag , as he studies the slimy specimen .
tr	NN	Soon afterward the television in the den went on ; just when she was about to complain , he lowered the volume .
tr	NNS	" Your movements are inefficient -- you 're wasting far too much effort .
tr	NN	' That chick at the medical centre could never resist my charms .
tr	NN	" The race isn 't pure any longer .
tr	NNS	Romulus heaved Viktor to his feet , yanking him toward the exit .
tr	NN	His medic , Noah , had ensured that her injuries , however minor , had been seen to .
tr	NN	We ' l get this done . "
tr	NN	Once the room was empty , the air vent had its say .
tr	NNS	There are signs everywhere . "
tr	NN	The used paint is mostly spray , but sometimes he gives me cans of colored house paint , old brushes , and pieces of colored chalk .
tr	NN	Just then a dull thud sounded throughout the fuselage and the pilot once again spoke over the speakers , " Engine two out ! "
tr	NNS	All shifters knew the cost of treason .
tr	NNS	Things they can 't even conceive of .
tr	NN	" Funny , " Jazz said , and downed the last glass of whiskey she 'd ever drink in Sol 's .
tr	NNS	And pets only provided Lee with another tool to punish the deserving .
tr	NN	Hell , the Jeep had hung on longer than any of his marriages .
tr	NNS	Needed to know the distance hadn 't changed anything between them , hadn 't given her time to shore up those damned defenses of hers .
tr	NN	I shouldn ' t have yelled at you about what happened to Lucas , .
tr	NNS	And then there were the palace servants , who would sooner stop breathing than gossiping .
tr	NN	As always , her intellect took over to analyze the situation .
tr	NN	Our leader shrugged his shoulders .
tr	NNS	There are no respects left to pay .
tr	NN	Dean towered over him , the sparkle in his eyes now hardened with rage .
tr	NNS	Flashing images appeared in my thoughts .
tr	NNS	Those visits became more friendly with the passing months and years , and sometimes they called each other just to chat .
tr	NNS	Many philosophers throughout history have suggested that to exist is to exist in perpetual conflict .
tr	NN	The uncertainty created a paused calculation of the obvious and this was one of those clouded moments .
tr	NN	The government was not allowing anyone out of the quarantine area but the motorists seemed to have escaped in time .
tr	NNS	" No foes of the House of Gaius could attempt to usurp control of me if they did not know of me . "
tr	NN	The shield is stopping the atmospheric , but physical levels are increasing far beyond the ability for the biosphere to maintain .
tr	NN	" And hey ... I 'm sorry I just left you here . "
tr	NNS	They may not understand it but it is instinctive , thousands of years of evolution takes precedence over reason and rationality .
tr	NN	But your accent is a dead giveaway , sir .
tr	NNS	The ladies getting changed in the adjacent rooms wouldn 't have heard him , but I did , and I loved it .
tr	NNS	All six cylinders fit into a nested set , a single cargo load , exactly as our spacecraft fit into each other .
tr	NNS	However , there weren 't any alligators on Bourbon Street , unless you counted the stuffed ones in the shop windows .
tr	NN	" Well , I guess it really doesn 't matter what I was saving it for , that day will never come , my angel flew away .
tr	NN	' Your accent is so cute . '
tr	NNS	Girls are forever talking about how they want to run barefoot through it . "
tr	NN	There is no correspondence to this in the archives . "
tr	NN	" There is no requirement that we have to be dead ! "
tr	NNS	The passengers swayed against one another , knocked together , landed in strange laps , but came up laughing like kids on a roller coaster .
tr	NNS	The other pirates stopped what they were doing and fell into a line as the pirate who had been in charged stepped forward to answer .
tr	NNS	Lights sparkled in her vision , vying with the red-orange flames in the torch next to the door , uncomfortably close to her face .
tr	NN	The software kept developing glitches , which defied me at every turn .
tr	NN	The Nebraska State T-shirt showed a lot more than her bulky sweaters .
tr	NNS	These shots are spectacular when they work and make you look like a fool when they don 't .
tr	NNS	Then other images and data files began flashing up onto the screen as the program now called up everything it could find on that one identity .
tr	NNS	Shouts echoed up to them .
tr	NNS	Those drugs they were developing , they 're probably farther along now .
tr	NN	" Well that was awkward hey ? "
tr	NN	The pilot , Ash , went for Butterfly .
tr	NNS	Police sirens wailed in the distance .
tr	NN	How did the corporal find out these things ?
tr	NNS	Often planets would get forgotten and cultures rediscovered over centuries .
tr	NN	In the beginning , the tribe was half this size .
tr	NN	The man 's body language was nervous .
tr	NN	There was a tremor in her voice , one she couldn 't hide .
tr	NN	The ease at which he does both things simultaneously is impressive and disturbing .
tr	NN	This financial crisis has everybody worried , and the FBI is monitoring the troublemakers .
tr	NNS	The directions shook in Charles 's hands .
tr	NN	" Not a very enthusiastic greeting , brother , " Daemon said softly .
tr	NNS	There are many cocktails we have to work through , and equally test . "
tr	NNS	Images , words and scents from their night in Vegas came back to her .
tr	NN	The flea treatment would have to be applied to the floor , all the furniture and shelving , the computer , Ben 's newspapers and me .
tr	NN	His footman placed the steps and held the door .
tr	NNS	Poking various objects quickly revealed a theme to the room .
tr	NN	As they flew , the rim of the third moon rose , lighting the sky in an emerald hue .
tr	NN	Love is sacrifice , it 's holding someone 's hand even though you know they can 't feel it , like Gabe did with Kimmy .
tr	NNS	Cadmus joined me , with Raquel balanced on his shoulders .
tr	NN	She led through wide corridors with so many windows there was hardly an inch of wall , and balconies around every corner .
tr	NN	His h * ps cradled hers , his erection notched between her thighs , and a rush of liquid warmth pulsed between her legs .
tr	NN	There really was a celebration of some sort and we were apparently the main attraction .
tr	NN	Part of that book takes place in Heaven so there are a lot of dead folk that reappear here and there .
tr	NN	The gleam in his eyes betrayed his pleasure at the sum , but it wasn 't enough .
tr	NN	Taylor 's scowl deepened .
tr	NNS	Things like this didn 't happen .
tr	NN	The trio faded to background as a tenor sax rose to prominence , drawing out each note without thought to meter .
tr	NNS	All characters in this publication are fictitious and any resemblance to real persons , living or dead , is purely coincidental .
tr	NNS	Cassidy splayed herself protectively over Diego , growling at the Fae warriors that ringed them .
tr	NN	" Let him go , " the leader of the quartet says .
tr	NN	The bot does not know when the time or day or year that will be , because the planet is radiated for the next 10,000 years .
tr	NN	His daughter Junie was in twelfth grade , and he 'd been helping her with her physics .
tr	NN	The interruption set me off on a new chant .
tr	NNS	If the perils of war were not sufficient to make an end of them , the servants of their fathers would poison them in their sleep .
tr	NN	The Master of Ceremonies thumped his staff on the floor .
tr	NN	Howard 's aura hadn 't changed that whole evening .
tr	NNS	There were two ladies behind her who were talking about their stock portfolio .
tr	NNS	" Did his changes make sense at least ? "
tr	NN	The small airport was empty and I said a silent , Thank you .
tr	NNS	The first strains of the music floated upward and filled every empty space .
tr	NNS	Shouts and gunfire follow us and every second I fear may be our last .
tr	NNS	The funds you see before you now were procured for future generations and the continuation of this hospital .
tr	NNS	There are so many alternate explanations .
tr	NN	Of the Spirit Mages in his army , one perished and the remaining three had exhausted themselves beyond the unwritten rules of military law .
tr	NN	Our leader knew that hardly any foe would be content to let such insults go .
tr	NN	His hunger increased along with the effects of the swiftness elixir and he felt that there might be a relationship there which he documented .
tr	NNS	There were insects , things with stings , there was rustling in the foliage , and there was a giant bird .
tr	NN	Intentionally or not , Jazz had misunderstood his remark and used it for her own purposes .
tr	NN	Sphinx immediately jumped onto Nicolas 's shoulders , as if determined to go with them .
tr	NN	The puff of air from my splat gun iced through me .
tr	NN	There is a carpet of foamy squares , with colour contrasting letters on them tiling the floor .
tr	NNS	Outside Chongqing , the roads were bad , military installations scattered , and airfields primitive .
tr	NN	My pulse quickened with every step .
tr	NNS	To their right were acres of overgrown wilderness .
tr	NN	The secretary was typing at her desk in the outer office , oblivious to my unease .
tr	NN	The van reached the end of the driveway and stopped .
tr	NNS	Things were looking stranger still .
tr	NN	The weekly allowance I gave you was directly wired every Monday to your parents and that 's it . "
tr	NNS	Her red fingernails were playing with his silky blond locks .
tr	NN	My only defense against the instinct to run screaming was simply not to hear .
tr	NN	The shriek went on and on , competing with the fire whistle .
tr	NN	" I am Dragon , " said the dragon .
tr	NN	His skin was hot , and beneath her moving mouth was his pulse , strong and beckoning .
tr	NN	Over two decades earlier their sibling rivalry had ended in the city of Trinity created upon the spiritual plane by the three cherubim .
tr	NN	The approaching freighter was himself and he was diving through the sky alight with amber .
tr	NNS	Looks like you need a little more convincing .
tr	NNS	Like vampires , werewolves grew stronger with age .
tr	NNS	" Truth be told , the shoulder length locks weren 't right for you .
tr	NNS	Others believed the creatures to be celestial beings from the heavens , a blessing to the world .
tr	NN	Their leader held the thin knife to Claudia 's throat .
tr	NN	The short parade stopped in the center of the enclosure .
tr	NNS	The colors of the sky disappeared in a swirling tornado .
tr	NNS	They noticed the summer suits , the jovial air , the humorous whispers .
tr	NN	Lust , at least , was honest .
tr	NNS	Images of Big D 's face , beaten and bruised , and his body lying in the alleyway , haunt me .
tr	NNS	About three quarters of my deliveries weren 't legal but as a courier I was protected by the laws of privacy .
tr	NNS	His movements back down the hallway were not as stealthy as they had been coming this way .
tr	NN	Memory was such a worthless thing , really .
tr	NN	The captain grinned and signaled the squad to move into the building .
tr	NN	, the sergeant called out , and she stepped forward to receive her uniform and bow her head as Lyn tied the cape around her shoulders .
tr	NNS	" A couples date .
tr	NNS	Makes sense , when you think about it . "
tr	NNS	As they blew through the metal detectors , sirens went off .
tr	NNS	The stores continued to thrive , despite the public 's disappointment that some of the whimsy was gone from the company .
tr	NN	A teacher stood outside his class , waving his hand in front of his face .
tr	NN	His first instinct , in fact , had been to toss the picture aside .
tr	NNS	Even those tiny , pixelated images made my heart spin like a top .
tr	NNS	Girls like Sapphire had the kind of innocence that couldn 't ever be tainted .
tr	NNS	Others will take more . "
tr	NN	The sheriff almost choked on his coffee when he started to laugh .
tr	NN	And the boy doesn , t get how childish she really is , and it makes me sick . "
tr	NNS	Summer 's eyelids fluttered but didn 't open .
tr	NN	The last entry was three days old .
tr	NNS	There were spaces on the dresser and bookshelves where Dad 's things had been , the closet door open , half empty .
tr	NNS	Moses still wasn 't listening .
tr	NNS	Things I really should have said a long time ago . "
tr	NN	And Love , in his standard uniform of a Samuel Windsor unstructured lemon jacket .
tr	NN	Her opponent 's Pushing was relentless .
tr	NN	There was a beeping from behind her , and Henrietta turned to see that the pedestrian light was finally flashing green .
tr	NNS	A couple letters were almost unreadable but he was able to make out the name , Drift Wood .
tr	NNS	Obviously , he did have contacts , other rich businessmen who could help fully fund her clinic .
tr	NN	Would his embarrassment know no end ?
tr	NNS	Around the periphery of the room on the floor stood plastic storage bins .
tr	NNS	Things had moved too fast , too hard , in the last few days .
tr	NNS	Judging from her coloring , Mira 's ancestors had lived in the Mediterranean basin .
tr	NNS	When she reached out her hand for him to shake , her movements were heavy and dreamlike .
tr	NN	" Now , no offense , but the rest of us don 't have the luxury for such nonsense . "
tr	NN	The Thorium reactor had already reached a critical level and triggered a number of explosions throughout the building .
tr	NNS	The chances of anyone coming in from Corporate unannounced was negligible .
tr	NN	The pigeon struggled in her beak , and Melina struggled against Bronwyn , both in vain .
tr	NN	' We thought we 'd take a chance on that , ' Love replied .
tr	NNS	How long would the wolves chase Laurent before they doubled back for me ?
tr	NNS	But in my opinion there are realities behind even those episodes . "
tr	NNS	The seats still smelled of salt from my soaking yesterday .
tr	NN	The corporal dutifully keyed through the long list of numbers .
tr	NNS	Looks like you 're stuck , boy .
tr	NN	Each partner actually owns stock in us .
tr	NN	Which pot seemed to be made from a different company ? "
tr	NNS	Would you ladies care to join us for a walk ?
tr	NNS	Looks like I was for Booker , but I got to you in time .
tr	NNS	Gramps always said good things came to those who held out the longest .
tr	NN	My white camisole had stayed dry for the most part , but my black pants were completely soaked from splashing my way through the river .
tr	NNS	Plot synopsis After a seemingly woman becomes the lone survivor of a horrific plane crash , her fellow passengers won 't let her live in peace .
tr	NN	A flashlight beamed in and out of the slits of the vent and then around the room .
tr	NNS	" You know , wolves don 't really like to eat heads .
tr	NN	The sergeant and lieutenant made more dramatic if not faster recoveries .
tr	NN	' Did a cart just go through here ? '
tr	NNS	Others moved on directly west , some fast , some slow .
tr	NN	There was a dusting of leftover sand .
tr	NNS	My quarters , as Dr. Roth reminded me .
tr	NN	Regardless , the bearded hunter had heard enough and didn 't want to stand around any longer .
tr	NN	The sergeant jabbed but he already knew the answer .
tr	NNS	Standing before that wall , were two rows of archers .
tr	NNS	Then again with my mother , all her romances happened fast .
tr	NN	No divine intervention will save us , and certainly not the Emperor . "
tr	NN	Her uncle had been tortured the hours and days that Isis lay cold .
tr	NNS	Things are much more difficult with the fighting up north .
tr	NNS	Our ancestors explored , fought , and conquered , but the wayfarers brought back a hideous plague from their travels that nearly decimated our population .
tr	NNS	Two figures dived across the road to the car to stand there gasping and panting .
tr	NNS	Hands pushed at him , and he realized these were the bishops , nudging him to perform his next act .
tr	NN	Camille 's undertone was unmistakable .
tr	NNS	Were the interviews now over ?
tr	NN	The air vent spoke again .
tr	NN	Then one of the men began to sing , " Ho , heave , ho , hoist up the jolly flag .
tr	NN	Then the aimless wandering gave way to blind , inexorable hunger , and then the feeding started .
tr	NN	A thick vine traced its way along the length of the tree , adding a beautiful spiraling pattern to the bark .
tr	NN	There was a dragon berry festival in the village today and we went to it .
tr	NNS	There were two black SUVs on our tail .
tr	NN	The lieutenant seemed totally calm and composed , the distinct opposite of his earlier behavior .
tr	NN	The jaguar began to cough .
tr	NN	Thank you , " the mayor said .
tr	NN	The baron , old and weakened , became a mild dictator fearing anarchy .
tr	NNS	Lots of things around here she could sell .
tr	NNS	The binoculars , cast away long ago , have numerous nicks and scratches collected over a lifetime of abuse .
tr	NNS	The petals are a soft velvet .
tr	NNS	Loud booted footsteps echoed in the hall .
tr	NNS	" All her worries are well and truly over .
tr	NN	If I 'd listened , lord only knows where we 'd be , but we 'd have been together and he would have been vertical .
tr	NN	A tiny dragon , fashioned in silver , graced the hilt .
tr	NNS	Fridays meant floor days and floor days meant entering the Plan B room .
tr	NNS	When a human being falls in love , variations in body chemistry aren 't far behind .
tr	NNS	There was a time thousands of cycles ago when there were many thousands of Hard Ones and millions of Soft Ones .
tr	NNS	There are even contemporary sources that imply they were able to cure cancer . "
tr	NNS	" What 's that sweets ? "
tr	NN	The policeman swore at his mistake .
tr	NNS	His movements sped up as I continued to orgasm , my body tightening around him like a vise .
tr	NNS	His own fears didn 't matter .
tr	NNS	" Those movies you like , are they any good ? "
tr	NNS	" What are your mother 's symptoms ? "
tr	NN	The sergeant spoke up , " Congratulations , the four of you .
tr	NN	Love was the exact thing I was missing and searching for in all those women . "
tr	NNS	I 'd heard nothing about Olive since she 'd gone to Court , and for all I knew , my efforts might have actually failed .
tr	NNS	Butterfly chills tickle me from the inside .
tr	NN	After a quick briefing on what to do in the event the plane crashed , the pilot revved the engines .
tr	NNS	My eyelids felt heavy , and my fingers were trembling , but my gut wasn 't twisted anymore .
tr	NN	Another rending crash ripped the silence , and there was a frightened babble in the halls .
tr	NNS	Goss surveyed the scattered contents , and even with a pounding headache came to the obvious conclusion .
tr	NNS	Chess said , pointing .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , all his attempts lead nowhere .
tr	NNS	Folks around these parts are saying conflicting things .
tr	NNS	His tentacles could look like a very realistic tattoo , and it was a tattoo , but with a thought he could make it tentacles again .
tr	NNS	Cadmus shook his head .
tr	NN	Part of her yearned to take anything he offered .
tr	NNS	" As usual , your abilities astound me .
tr	NN	Her dragon loved her .
tr	NNS	" Things didn 't work out . "
tr	NN	A tremor of fear went down his spine .
tr	NNS	There are 50 emails to get through and maintenance instructions to issue to the shift engineers .
tr	NNS	Hands shoved me forward and I reached out for my solace .
tr	NNS	Three more rats scrambled past , knocking him over .
tr	NNS	Things will be better for you if you do . "
tr	NN	Eight A thin wisp of grey smoke wound upward into the sky .
tr	NNS	The goons lifted Albert from the couch .
tr	NN	The captain looked down at the old man , then back to Lucas .
tr	NN	The gnawed pen dropped from my grasp .
tr	NN	A new partner is joining the firm , and he doesn 't have a secretary yet .
tr	NN	" How 's the milk ? "
tr	NNS	Still , more creatures came at him .
tr	NNS	" Things are seldom what they seem in this world . "
tr	NN	The troll sniffed and then turned toward us .
tr	NN	The declaration raised red flags .
tr	NN	A small trickle of relief wormed its way through the panic and fear .
tr	NNS	And situations like this were exactly why .
tr	NNS	Afterwards the visitors returned to their realm , and we were eternally grateful .
tr	NNS	" And his colors are ? "
tr	NNS	Little strands of blond hair stick to Erin 's face , and her cute little ears have turned red .
tr	NN	Pricey art , bamboo floors , edgy glass tables , granite counters , and huge leather recliners completed the look of bachelor in the city .
tr	NN	Skate 's absence was never worse felt than in the time when he was just nearly back .
tr	NNS	He breathed in , his nostrils flaring .
tr	NNS	Things with Tessa were going very well .
tr	NNS	The consequences will have to be dealt with later .
tr	NNS	They all raped the women , the warriors said .
tr	NNS	The twins were embracing each other , stroking each other 's long curling red hair .
tr	NNS	Some members looked down at this , but Deckard spoke up .
tr	NN	A trickle had worked its way over the concrete floor to a drain .
tr	NN	The shelf fell , hitting a bigger shelf with a boom .
tr	NN	No great leap of logic , considering what Clayton had been doing the first time they 'd bumped into each other .
tr	NNS	Others promised me death or the possibly demonic delights of my black-haired beauty .
tr	NNS	Things will start making sense around here pretty soon .
tr	NNS	" Two tickets , home team side , as close to the dugout as we can get . "
tr	NNS	But the facts were still there .
tr	NN	" What 's a juncture ? "
tr	NNS	The dwarves were making a stand still about their lords upon a low rounded hill .
tr	NNS	" Wow , Kat , the lies are just rolling off your tongue today .
tr	NNS	Alexis got back in the car and headed back on the interstate .
tr	NNS	Lives would be soured , and the love that existed now would die if the grandfather took the sons .
tr	NN	In twenty months his career is over .
tr	NNS	There are strange creatures about .
tr	NNS	Faint footsteps in the distance closed in .
tr	NN	There was a loud creak as the frame resisted , but the gunshots were even louder .
tr	NN	If you were to gain weight , or more likely , for Ember , as her changing goes , the same clothing will always fit her .
tr	NNS	Of course , a thousand clowns won 't fit on one dragon no matter how big it is .
tr	NN	Her grandmother released Courtney 's face .
tr	NNS	Lots of silence now , breaths .
tr	NN	Thankfully , their duel was not long .
tr	NNS	Several more attempts finally roused him .
tr	NN	Dave 's design attracts fire in battle .
tr	NN	A stylist , I think .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared , and she swore his head dipped down a fraction of an inch before he stopped .
tr	NN	Just before her feet settled into the soil , a small , thin comforter covered one side of the dirt floor .
tr	NNS	Muscles from my thighs to my shoulders clenched in response .
tr	NNS	Things have escalated quicker than we expected .
tr	NN	Her reflection seemed to agree , although it still made her laugh inside to think it .
tr	NNS	The different cameras then picked up the rest of the action .
tr	NN	The garage was quiet and the overhead lights cast dull yellow beams over the hoods of the cars and spotted , stained cement .
tr	NNS	Our two planets are deeply connected on a level we do not understand .
tr	NNS	Their fears , hopes , dreams .
tr	NN	Was poof the same thing as vanishing ?
tr	NNS	The cheerfulness of the house mates helped quell any mistreatment he experienced at the dorm .
tr	NN	In a few minutes the brave appeared out of a draw further down river .
tr	NN	However , the hard thrusting violated her ; she could feel the tearing of her hymen .
tr	NNS	multiple murders , in a small town can sure put things in perspective ; and right fast too .
tr	NNS	My colleagues and I are - " " He told me his niece needed protection .
tr	NNS	Fiery chains fly out from the tunnel and begin wrapping around their necks as roars and pounding hoofs fill the room .
tr	NN	A sob built in her chest .
tr	NN	The base commander there played his hand exceedingly well .
tr	NN	A little gratitude wouldn 't go amiss .
tr	NNS	My instincts were telling me all of this from that one brief glimpse .
tr	NN	There was no improvement ever .
tr	NN	The lantern and my rifle kept me company along the trail , which the locals keep clear .
tr	NNS	The roads were just as he remembered them , only covered in snow , an undisturbed blanket of white as far as he could see .
tr	NN	A widescreen TV showed the stage , which was currently empty .
tr	NN	" The captain is asking for you . "
tr	NNS	Her branded forearms exposed for all the court to see .
tr	NNS	Courier deliveries probably weren 't regular occurrences there .
tr	NNS	The hard edges of the vest bit into her skin , but she welcomed the protection that the vest brought , limited though it was .
tr	NNS	And if she hadn 't , chances were good that no one had .
tr	NN	Didn 't one cellar look like another ?
tr	NN	Her agent needed to sell .
tr	NNS	A few inches of water suddenly flowed into the hallway , as if from a burst pipe .
tr	NN	There is a patriarchal kindness in his eyes that I haven 't seen in a long time .
tr	NN	Some angel of darkness God sent to confront me for my sins ?
tr	NNS	Fridays were usually the worst day of the week for me anyways because that was always day six of not seeing either Ash or Dylan .
tr	NN	There was no hesitation .
tr	NN	The first bullet knocked the weapon out of his hand .
tr	NN	Yet , despite all those things , the notion was somehow appealing , and I found myself answering , " Okay . "
tr	NNS	However , his instincts told him that they 'd be too late to help her .
tr	NN	The jungle foliage outside waved with the powerful wind and rain , moving almost as if it were rough seas .
tr	NNS	" But the drugs are helping take away the pain - at least the physical pain . "
tr	NNS	Bodily functions taken into reliable hands .
tr	NN	The seer paused and at that moment Sarah finally found her voice .
tr	NN	The chef brought out the dishes one by one , starting with a spiced kohlrabi soup and moving on to a dish of sausage and browned pears .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids blinked and then she squinted as if opening her right eye had caused her pain .
tr	NN	The fucker there looks the most incompetent .
tr	NNS	All characters and events in this book are fictitious .
tr	NNS	" Well , lucky for you , your bites and scratches did not kill us .
tr	NN	My instinct is not to trust him .
tr	NNS	There were millions in this city , dead or alive .
tr	NN	The E , positioned in the center of the coin , now rested at the core of the whirling globe .
tr	NNS	Around us , our footsteps echoed in the silence .
tr	NN	At first the prison had been reluctant to allow that he be transferred , but Amelie 's doctors had been insistent .
tr	NNS	Flowers not meant for one , but for a pair of lovers .
tr	NNS	Looks like we 're in for a long wait , thought Kate .
tr	NN	" Copper , an element of earth , not man-made like a DOB .
tr	NN	She glared at him angrily , the crimson duvet covers pulled up to her chest , concealing her nakedness .
tr	NN	Its fragrance , however , was sweet with all the promise of summer .
tr	NNS	On the screen , the recorded antics of a family with twenty children began to unfold .
tr	NN	" Stop him , " the leader growled .
tr	NNS	His two companions dropped beside us .
tr	NN	A little slice of the Old West is alive and well . "
tr	NNS	Several other galleries opened , but other than glancing inside , the four continued upward .
tr	NN	There was a heavy crash behind him , and the Prince shot a look over his shoulder .
tr	NN	This bastard didn 't know who the hell he was dealing with .
tr	NN	The writing found on the margins of the gold map . "
tr	NNS	There was a mattress here . "
tr	NNS	His icy sunglasses helped , but he saw stars in his eyes .
tr	NNS	The effects of the enhancements seemed to take a toll on them , making them belligerent and always ready to fight .
tr	NNS	Nate 's abilities were soon to be unveiled .
tr	NNS	Amid the noise Sean could hear the man above the rest , having deflated to the ground , his sobs were suddenly all Sean could hear .
tr	NNS	Police sirens wailed in the distance .
tr	NNS	Words would have intruded so they kept silent .
tr	NNS	The blades of the chopper continued to spin , as the Captain of the Eastern Guard exited the airship .
tr	NN	At the apex of the dome was a massive metal fan that spun slowly in its circular setting .
tr	NN	The release was amazing .
tr	NNS	Aris nodded back toward the opening .
tr	NN	An owl hooted in the distance .
tr	NNS	Chess was addressing him .
tr	NN	Lucile , did you fetch the cream from the cellar ? "
tr	NN	The Light of the Trees I brought into being , and within Ea I can do so never again .
tr	NNS	Barnabas was looking at me as if trying to figure out what it meant .
tr	NN	" Well the prophecy was wrong then , " retorted Dirk as he kicked off his final boot .
tr	NNS	Her shoulder blades shifted as she scrubbed .
tr	NNS	Horrible images slammed through her mind .
tr	NNS	Thick strips of bacon glistened in their crinkly glory .
tr	NNS	Things could have been far worse ; the world could have been a completely different and far more awful place .
tr	NNS	More Girls in Red started pouring out of the prefabricated buildings .
tr	NNS	Sirens screamed now , and the flash of emergency lights grew brighter through the haze .
tr	NNS	His smugness was annoying .
tr	NNS	There are millions down there .
tr	NN	There is an art to making love . "
tr	NNS	Her sluggish movements roused suspicion inside me .
tr	NNS	Like searching her grandmother 's house for the hidden diamonds that her ancestors used when they invoked the infamous Corwin Curse .
tr	NNS	The surroundings were terribly unpleasant and I felt I had learned enough .
tr	NN	Her recovery had been uneventful , and relatively short .
tr	NN	Third , the great captain of the French wishes them to know that he has subdued the Iroquois to bring peace everywhere .
tr	NNS	If he fails then the world leaders will say that they were going to imprison all that participated , if any came back .
tr	NNS	His eyelids fluttered , then he pressed in .
tr	NN	Her gaze lands back on me , her lavender eyes looking so full of life , lacking possession .
tr	NN	The giant poof of her natural ebony afro floated around her head like a force field .
tr	NNS	Alcoholic fumes bathed my face .
tr	NN	Her next two punches came fast and unexpected , one catching him hard on the jaw .
tr	NN	Our return route may or may not be underground and that part of the plan will be finalised after I have the report from P and D .
tr	NNS	Things have changed . "
tr	NNS	And as always there were cakes of dried figs but these were very rich and good .
tr	NNS	Waves began to crest inside her immediately and she circled her tiny nub harder , faster , the pressure building as fast as his .
tr	NNS	There are padded bars on the inside that push against my shoulders and secure me back into the seat .
tr	NN	Yet the ninja beside the Boy was not being as welcoming as Bluebeard might have expected .
tr	NN	Ella 's polite manner seemed to be rubbing off on him .
tr	NN	" Obviously not , " the plain clothes policeman responded .
tr	NN	The gap closed down after the princess who came out last .
tr	NNS	Vampire Council members lined the rope on one side , some talking quietly to those beside them .
tr	NN	The pattern was already familiar , but still I agonized over what he would do next .
tr	NN	Could this parchment be more than a story ?
tr	NN	The surgery would take too long anyway ... I wouldn 't be able to use it tomorrow at the summit .
tr	NN	By all accounts her grandmother hadn 't been a saint , but still , there was such a thing as loyalty .
tr	NNS	" Things are getting louder . "
tr	NNS	From what he 'd read of mortal male minds there were only two areas where they suffered any sort of worry : at work and in bed .
tr	NNS	Families greeted each other as the children played games under the century-old trees .
tr	NN	In time , the Empire would own the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) .
tr	NN	The unexpected bout of foreplay had thrown her for a loop , but simple missionary she was familiar with .
tr	NN	Terror , an emotion that he had only become familiar with since he had learned of what Mairi had gone through , made his voice especially sharp .
tr	NN	Our initiative this year is to attract more tourists to the area .
tr	NN	A violent tremor threatened to rock her off her feet , the burn in her chest intensifying .
tr	NN	My grandmother waits too , beneath the Earth , trapped by Guardians . "
tr	NNS	The hardships and troubles they would endure , sooner or later , would take a toll on them , especially Linda .
tr	NN	The purple silk nightgown caressed her skin .
tr	NNS	The wolves that had caught fire and fled into the forest had set it alight in several places .
tr	NN	A tremor coursed through my body .
tr	NN	The leopard moved to pounce , but Kane restrained the beast with the strength of his light .
tr	NN	In a clattering blur , the mass of chains and spheres sprang smoothly into the basket .
tr	NN	Love preferred to rely on BGF .
tr	NN	The priest 's aura of Godliness wavered and then snapped back into place as the action began again .
tr	NN	The pulsing ache that settled there was growing too strong and urgent to ignore .
tr	NN	A troll player need never lose , if he puts his mind to it . ' '
tr	NNS	Looks like the price is going to be a little higher than he thought .
tr	NN	At that moment , a harsh , humorless chuckle filled the compartment .
tr	NNS	But the familiar actions didn 't bring back the numbness .
tr	NNS	The rows of bright eyes shining out against pale skin looked like a string of lights down every table .
tr	NNS	The pouches struck one another .
tr	NNS	There were disappearances in a town that wasn 't too far from Las Vegas .
tr	NNS	In that year , 1936 , the major hotels in the country had orchestras in their ballrooms that broadcast coast to coast .
tr	NN	There was a veritable mountain of that .
tr	NN	The dragon stopped short in his boasting .
tr	NNS	At that point however the thunder of horses rumbled closer , the companions had all dismounted and it wasn 't clear which direction the horses approached from .
tr	NN	Its mate had shattered against the wall by the refrigerator .
tr	NN	The rustling continued to grow louder .
tr	NN	The cottage , only a few minutes ' walk from the square of Stony Vale , had belonged to an old widow who 'd died recently .
tr	NN	The guard captain leaned on his spear .
tr	NNS	Two hostages are better than one .
tr	NNS	There were periodically loud crashes as well , and the sound of splintering wood as it broke to pieces on the floor .
tr	NN	The pendant , tightly grasped in my hand now , continued to burn hot against my skin .
tr	NN	My hip and knee are both sore as heck and feel stiff , and I think I must have wrenched my neck as well .
tr	NNS	" Where are your nurses ? "
tr	NNS	Delores popped from the driver 's side and jogged toward us .
tr	NNS	" Excuse me , " Krauss shouts , hand on the young man 's shoulder .
tr	NNS	Things hadn 't been perfect .
tr	NNS	The cords that confined his were apparently unbreakable .
tr	NNS	The chances were slim this time of year and time of night .
tr	NN	The roar of the water was so loud he knew that Chloe must have turned on every jet , faucet and nozzle in the mini spa .
tr	NN	A living dragon will win us all the swords that we would want . "
tr	NN	Copper worked impressions of mythic figures traced a history of the great cycles in Irish Mythology .
tr	NNS	Things are changing rapidly here for the Hawks .
tr	NNS	Frequent visits by the police were definitely not on her list of boarder confidence builders .
tr	NNS	Of course , I mused , my last attempts to contact her all had taken place more than 10 days ago .
tr	NNS	But most variations in sex are illegal .
tr	NN	Now the middle-aged bachelor held the fate of the community in his hands .
tr	NN	The lack of proper nutrition didn 't help either .
tr	NN	The Gypsy had another dagger ready in his hand .
tr	NNS	My readers think I update the website and answer all the emails myself .
tr	NN	" Captain Wayne , during your military career , your expertise was extraction and rescue .
tr	NN	Her therapist advised her to talk as much as possible and keep nothing bottled up inside .
tr	NN	His female partner popped out of the other side .
tr	NN	Not even a miracle could join those books .
tr	NN	What 's the betting they 're not really Jackie 's grandma 's ?
tr	NN	The cafeteria was on the other side of the hospital .
tr	NNS	Our tongues connect , feeling each other thoroughly .
tr	NN	The sergeant shook her head .
tr	NNS	Looks like my father and I will be paying a visit to the blood bank again .
tr	NN	The hail was really coming down .
tr	NNS	The twin suns had gone down and the heavenly family of moons , once more began their endless travels across the star sprinkled night sky .
tr	NNS	But the leftovers were still worth a fortune .
tr	NNS	The warriors surrounded the great stone , waiting patiently for the ritual to begin .
tr	NN	The priest turned back to the door and unlocked it with an iron key as long as his hand .
tr	NNS	Thoughts flooded my head of the women surrounding him at the bar in Cape Town .
tr	NN	Somehow , my sister 's unwanted sympathy stiffened my resolve .
tr	NN	The captain needed to let you know a few things he can 't use the comm .
tr	NN	" The leader of the Giddy Nine , Simeon , was an adventurous man , more soldier than minstrel .
tr	NN	My squad was already there , firing through the fence .
tr	NNS	" Your Highness , " he said .
tr	NN	There was a cough on the other end of the line .
tr	NN	This extra measure took extra time , but they definitely did not want to get off of I-75 .
tr	NNS	" Why are investments boring ? "
tr	NN	The duke had ordered a bath drawn for her , and her hair was still wet , chilled in the night air .
tr	NNS	The real facts behind any story always seem sort of prosaic to me .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids blink quickly as she fights back the start of tears .
tr	NNS	His interrogator skills has snuck up on him and he was evaluating her without meaning to .
tr	NNS	Even with the steady decline in real estate value , apartments in the building where Colton lived still cost a small fortune to rent .
tr	NNS	" The baths are in a circuit , so we come back out here again . "
tr	NN	There was that tiny hesitation that seemed to come every time she spoke to him , as if it were taking him a minute to focus .
tr	NN	Its tail wagged away .
tr	NNS	" Things aren 't going to go as you predicted but everything will turn out for the best . "
tr	NN	The realisation hits me like a dull thud .
tr	NN	Despite the fact that he swore otherwise , instinct warned me that Gabriel would walk away if we couldn 't come to terms .
tr	NNS	There are codes in the Dynasty that we have to keep , and we 're forbidden to do certain things . "
tr	NNS	The countess passed her the missive .
tr	NNS	There was one other older adult , not counting Harald and his wife : a woman with brown hair and blue eyes .
tr	NNS	Her motives are unknown . "
tr	NN	" Death to the infidels , " Gabriel grinned , stuffing wads of tattered rupee bills into a bag around his thin chest .
tr	NNS	But there were no regrets any longer in us for the things we 'd said , or the things we 'd done .
tr	NN	As if to emphasize the worry in my stomach , my balance teetered and I almost slipped .
tr	NN	Bright yellow pencil , soft pink eraser , SAT , please , please ... And then I felt it .
tr	NN	His tail was wagging .
tr	NN	His partner zoomed into the second image and set the footage in motion .
tr	NNS	Brutal winds whipped down from the looming mountains and rolled right into him .
tr	NNS	Others say it 's because some of them have buffalo robes in their kit . "
tr	NNS	The nice items had gone to an antiques store in Shreveport .
tr	NNS	No visitors to see poor Heather .
tr	NN	The Book of Moons sort of plays tricks on people .
tr	NN	The curry was as good as she 'd hoped .
tr	NN	Mummy wont let them do anything to you . "
tr	NN	The guilt that flashed in her eyes was enough confirmation .
tr	NN	What was this giggling , toe-tapping , trivia dribbling moron driving at ?
tr	NN	A click sounded , the window opened and Lady Rebecca 's smiling face came into view .
tr	NN	One witness after another had confirmed Keith 's deep and abiding love for his wife .
tr	NN	Link squirmed in his seat .
tr	NN	" If they can 't recover enough to serve , then they have to go , " the colonel said .
tr	NNS	There are billions of people like me .
tr	NN	At least there was some justice in the universe .
tr	NNS	Next thing Nicolas heard his mind say was that he should appreciate all things .
tr	NNS	The members of the coven were lining up to feed on me and share their blood with me .
tr	NN	A black transit van trundled into the drive-thru lane behind her .
tr	NN	The mayor paused for suspense .
tr	NN	Then one night , this gorgeous brunette lit up the bleakness within me .
tr	NN	With a little incentive , the pilot will take you to the new rendezvous . "
tr	NNS	His ancestors had fought successfully to throw off the shackles of the colonial Spanish caste system that had discriminated against many groups .
tr	NN	The whale 's belly seemed smaller , no more than the light surrounding Armand .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids fluttered down as she turned into his embrace .
tr	NN	The shelf moved again and an explosion prompted her to lurch behind him .
tr	NN	Part of me wanted to ask him why we were suddenly not just taking things slow but coming to an almost halt .
tr	NNS	Things were going really well for us for a change ... " Kurt smiled .
tr	NNS	Reyes heard the threat .
tr	NNS	The fleas bit the rats and the rats bit the children .
tr	NN	" Way to make me feel like shit , Stryker . "
tr	NNS	Makes them howl at the moon , bite their bed partners , scratch inappropriately , blah , blah . "
tr	NNS	Her hopes fell a little .
tr	NN	His spicy aftershave tingled her nostrils , sending shivers coursing through her body .
tr	NNS	There were some unoccupied seats at the bar 's exterior and we sat on one near a beautiful , lighted palm tree .
tr	NNS	Things are different now .
tr	NN	Every once in a while a bullet would whiz by , prompting him to fire off a shot in self-defense .
tr	NN	The duke slowly turned his head and looked at Fawkes , his grey eyes iced with rage and pain .
tr	NN	The command was stark , without any mental enhancement , more frightening than if he had forced her compliance .
tr	NNS	The dwarves would have stared at the back of the elves ' heads all evening .
tr	NN	The childish scrawl on the card and the note were the same , down to the identical , fat D. My handwriting .
tr	NNS	Romulus growled , staring from the bear 's slit throat to the patches blown out of its coat .
tr	NN	" My grandmother is in the room next door to you .
tr	NN	But the innocence in her expression was a little too innocent to be believable .
tr	NNS	The nurses , including the red haired Tonya had made every effort to keep me occupied while I was waiting for her .
tr	NN	The Final Empire had been nothing if not stable .
tr	NN	" The dizziness is beginning to pass . "
tr	NNS	Her movements were jerky , like a puppet 's , as she climbed into the front seat .
tr	NNS	" Only the colors you see right there .
tr	NNS	New scenes had to be created .
tr	NNS	The butterflies in my stomach churned in a frenzy when my name was called .
tr	NNS	" What were the meetings about ?
tr	NN	Its gaze final y locked on the boulder Rhona stood behind , the sides of its mouth curling up at the corners .
tr	NN	Predictably , that short diversion cost me , and my hourly rank plummets .
tr	NNS	Romulus screamed to the Gypsies .
tr	NNS	The colors were certainly not military , and they looked like a bunch of beginner snow skiers in a cable car .
tr	NN	The medical examiner ruled the death accidental due to anaphylactic shock .
tr	NN	Love didn 't hide his feelings .
tr	NN	While he was reflecting , the mechanism switched .
tr	NN	Their receptionist was new .
tr	NN	What is a sage ?
tr	NNS	" My apologies Nadia , I assure you I had nothing to do with your team being put into danger . "
tr	NNS	Reyes glanced at her , holding her gaze briefly .
tr	NN	Anonymous 3D street art is my thing .
tr	NNS	There were shouts and screams , bright lights and loud , crashing noises .
tr	NNS	A few butterflies begin to fly around in my stomach .
tr	NNS	Gatlin 's nostrils flared with every loud , desperate breath .
tr	NNS	Those worries evaporated as soon as she stepped out of her car and rushed toward him .
tr	NN	The young fighter then stunned everyone when he dropped both of his swords and shouted to the packed crowd , " Your barbarian is quite literally unarmed .
tr	NNS	Things have their moment , but then they 're gone .
tr	NN	The priest rubbed his jaw thoughtfully .
tr	NNS	The butterflies in my stomach worsened as I stepped up to the line .
tr	NNS	" More lucid than he wanted to be .
tr	NN	The intern clicked the play button and speech wafted through the speakers .
tr	NN	Now another animation starts .
tr	NN	The slice was nearly a third of the pie , with a heaping mound of white , whipped topping .
tr	NN	Every other sentence of hers was a barb .
tr	NN	" The Book is somewhere safe .
tr	NNS	By now , zombies were everywhere .
tr	NN	" Why is that young lord ?
tr	NNS	" Julia , " he replied with patience that was strained but in an amused way , " there are no ghosts in your room . "
tr	NNS	If he let himself fall for her , the risks were too high .
tr	NN	His trap failed and everyone died , " says the mayor .
tr	NN	The arched entryway sat below the station clock with silver hands and a flag of red , white and blue .
tr	NNS	How are your classes ? "
tr	NN	" The guardian can transform itself ? "
tr	NN	The inspector shook his head .
tr	NN	But the crazy SOB was still smiling .
tr	NN	The tape was heavily edited .
tr	NN	A love worth sacrifice and someone else 's happiness .
tr	NN	Silver , Tessa remembered , was dangerous for werewolves .
tr	NNS	Twenty-one year old virgins are few and far between .
tr	NN	There was a rolling cascade of mirth from the crowd in response .
tr	NNS	Maybe , George tried to tell himself , his instincts were wrong .
tr	NN	Maybe she really did intend to do him grave damage .
tr	NNS	Their lunches went all over the place .
tr	NN	Even the dye he used on his hair was too dark , too obvious a vanity for his age .
tr	NNS	Initially , Dugin 's followers weren 't going to go that far .
tr	NN	I ' l sit in back .
tr	NN	" Cora 's loyalty was to the vampires ! "
tr	NN	The ramp slammed into Liam and sent him spinning away into the evening sky .
tr	NN	A partner for him seems unlikely , since he 's cut himself off from everyone except me and his dog . "
tr	NNS	Like they 're buddies ? "
tr	NNS	As quickly as they came , the creatures disappeared , one by one .
tr	NN	The presumptive coroner addressed them , looking vaguely uncomfortable .
tr	NN	The werewolf is dangerous .
tr	NN	The footman 's dry cough tugged me away , and I followed him up the polished staircase .
tr	NN	The brilliant sunshine seemed to outline him in light .
tr	NNS	Their meetings turned into vituperative debates over every aspect of their communal lives .
tr	NN	With that , the applause swelled again , and Linden leaned over and hugged Morgan , then planted a fatherly kiss on her reddened cheek .
tr	NNS	The recruits paired off and marched to their foxholes .
tr	NN	A crash of thunder followed .
tr	NN	She was a mess , her neck torn open , her clothing ripped , blood everywhere .
tr	NN	Whatever it was , this intruder had designated them as the problem .
tr	NNS	Looks like that had changed for tonight .
tr	NNS	Looks like she wants to use a needle twice as big on you as the one I did , " Spence whispered .
tr	NNS	My two remaining relatives lived in the area and that 's why I thought we 'd come to begin with .
tr	NNS	The colors weren 't blending as well as before , and he nearly broke down in tears .
tr	NN	" And pretending to care about that social facade was just so I could have you without admitting the truth .
tr	NNS	Things were quite hectic there , according to everyone he talked to .
tr	NN	The pilot spoke softly into a headset .
tr	NN	All patrons seemed to be of humanoid form , but not all were human .
tr	NN	The porter tugged upon the stretcher , and in the snow wheeled it through the doors of Accident and Emergency .
tr	NNS	The three warriors acknowledged the command , then took off to alert the others on watch of the plan .
tr	NNS	With a tweak of a screw , the globes burned a brilliant white , illuminating the entrance and shooting dark shadows dancing on the walls .
tr	NN	The trio must have dispatched the last truck on their own , but not without a cost .
tr	NNS	The possibilities made my day .
tr	NN	A heavily lacquered baby alligator head .
tr	NN	His accent was English , although an expert on accents was unable to narrow it down further .
tr	NNS	But the creatures bit pieces out of me .
tr	NNS	" Board members rarely invite you around for lunch unless they want to screw you , one way or another .
tr	NNS	Things may change . "
tr	NNS	The appliances in the kitchen all looked new and unused .
tr	NNS	The colors came promptly down , and meekly the rest of the convoy followed suit .
tr	NN	The highest degree of protection will fall toward the highest percentage .
tr	NNS	Because he was as handsome as his father at thirty years old , the nurses at the front desk enjoyed feasting their eyes on him .
tr	NNS	His grandparents had hidden the truth from him .
tr	NNS	The fairies are getting stronger , and if they do our cans won 't be of use anymore .
tr	NNS	And then the dinosaurs were shifting their feet .
tr	NN	Part of me wanted to see them grow up to be successful ducks that adopted their mother 's assertiveness but added grace .
tr	NNS	" So the aliens will need to be informed by an advance man of who the President is , and the protocol in talking to him .
tr	NN	The angel , his mom , would grant the people powers to defeat the witch .
tr	NN	The revolution brought them nothing but misfortune .
tr	NNS	The apartments on the nice end of town also required a credit check .
tr	NN	" By the gods , " her guardian gasped .
tr	NN	As I mentioned earlier , father 's educational technique involves questioning and argumentation , and I was probably his star pupil .
tr	NN	" An uncharacteristic bout of sentimentality on my part , I guess .
tr	NNS	The two goons circled each side of the apron .
tr	NNS	Cars , buses , pedestrians , all stopped dead in their tracks .
tr	NN	An irreverent gleam sparkled in the older woman 's gaze .
tr	NN	" Come with me , slave , " he said .
tr	NNS	The teachers made everyone go through them page by page , noting every mark or tear .
tr	NN	Through the cries and carnage , the wooden cart rolled at a steady pace .
tr	NN	Our brave little shank . "
tr	NNS	Moses was busy talking to Rosy , who was still only responding with laughs and giggles .
tr	NN	The envoy watched in silence sipping on some sort of tea .
tr	NN	But the ritual will weaken the target of the spell and will continue to weaken him until he is but a shell of his former self .
tr	NN	His accent was French , but not the kind of formal French Jasmine had heard on television .
tr	NNS	Hayden grins and pulls me from the Jeep before I can change my mind .
tr	NNS	Ervin steps forward , gills flaring .
tr	NNS	" The Five Families have been running Rule since the village got started .
tr	NN	The lieutenant tossed his head disdainfully .
tr	NN	A frontal assault was suicidal , but how could we sneak in ?
tr	NN	" Perhaps later , my valet just informed me of something I have to look into .
tr	NN	A small petite blonde with big green eyes , Layla , follows behind her and they are laughing at some guy in front of them .
tr	NNS	The dancers parted for me as I danced by myself .
tr	NN	Hi lack of interest exceeded that of the preoccupied nurse who 'd called me in to the doctor 's exam room less than an hour ago .
tr	NNS	My heart races as I travel toward him , his eyes hooded , but with what emotion , wanting ?
tr	NN	Every inch had to be resplendent .
tr	NNS	For the next month father worked diligently and then , suddenly , all his efforts collapsed .
tr	NN	After countless years , his clothing had all but deteriorated , but his sanctuary would remain as warm or as cool as he willed it to be .
tr	NNS	After the past few weeks , the bursts of mist felt like a shot of adrenaline .
tr	NNS	Discarded containers and other rubbish littered the pavement .
tr	NN	A torrent ripped at the trees , sending leaves shooting through the air like flaky bullets .
tr	NN	There was an unfamiliar whiny and stomping coming from one of the stalls .
tr	NN	A tiny green aura appeared beside me .
tr	NN	Approaching with a stern and confident gait , the leopard 's fang swayed like a pendulum from his neck .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of the newly discovered power kept overtaking his mind .
tr	NN	" Ah , at last the prey reveals itself . "
tr	NN	His teacher had begun with this story so that Noah would be inspired by recognizing one of the words that he could read : his own name .
tr	NN	The backseat screamed again .
tr	NNS	Curious , don 't you think ?
tr	NN	" And the other option , Sebastian , is to stay apart , live our separate lives , and meet every week on this train .
tr	NN	His gentle explanation had no effect for she repeated , " Oh my God . "
tr	NN	Fortunately , the assault was too late to make the Sunday Post .
tr	NNS	The pills were her ticket out .
tr	NN	Some thin instinct brought the gunslinger up from sleep to the velvet darkness , which had fallen on them at dusk like a shroud of well water .
tr	NN	The slave wants to talk ! '
tr	NNS	Several other members of the Assembly nodded as Penrod spoke , as if giving the proposal consideration for the first time .
tr	NN	The very chase of women led to the purpose , direction , careers and family life of a man .
tr	NN	The bounty hunter confirms with an abbreviated nod , another human gesture that sits oddly on him in his natural form .
tr	NN	Ever since Megan 's phone call , his appetite had vanished and he wasn 't sleeping well .
tr	NNS	The creatures , which until then had remained behind the man 's back , surged forward .
tr	NN	The chariot rattled on , and the men ran with it .
tr	NN	That seed of hatred unfolded , sprouted .
tr	NNS	" And the stakes are high . "
tr	NN	The trick , I learn , is not to process any of the information I encounter .
tr	NNS	Your ideas are awesome . "
tr	NN	The Master carefully unfolded the parchment , and blinked at the writing .
tr	NNS	Aris 's bad news ?
tr	NNS	When I looked up , three drops of venom dripped into the bottle .
tr	NN	They withdrew , gratitude spread upon their faces , toward the metal stairs leading to the warmer balcony .
tr	NNS	There were bars , restaurants and tourist traps , but definitely no places to buy a wedding gown .
tr	NNS	The temporary ' scales ' over his eyes suddenly fell off , completely .
tr	NNS	His prayers for Israel had been complete .
tr	NNS	All the effects of trying to cure Nicholas and Kayla have worn off and she is feeling stronger than ever .
tr	NN	Her preferred lingerie labels .
tr	NNS	In the deserted circular lounge which now lay before them , the colors flared for a moment ... and then began to fade out .
tr	NN	When he alighted at Walthamstow , dusk was creeping in .
tr	NN	His specialty was hand-to-hand combat .
tr	NNS	There were subtle differences involving the length and strength of the experience , as well as in the general tone or quality .
tr	NNS	Our foes should pay to claim our lives . "
tr	NNS	And speeches and a meat tea afterwards .
tr	NNS	Others dared too close and were smashed to the ground like rag dolls .
tr	NN	The Red commander asked , " Will he be traveling with your Daniel ? "
tr	NNS	Several paintings and a beveled mirror crashed to the floor .
tr	NN	Every nerve tingled with awareness .
tr	NNS	Chills rippled through her as his tongue scorched her flesh .
tr	NN	The medic couldn 't waste any more time worrying about a corpse that disappeared .
tr	NNS	" To a place your buddies will never find .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of Julia begin to blur within the air .
tr	NNS	" The older generations have longer webbing while the middle-aged maidens have webbing that extends only to the second knuckle .
tr	NN	Her stuttering was another key sign he was on the right track questioning her .
tr	NNS	And more and more documents from olden days were coming to light .
tr	NN	Her paralysis fell away , and she closed her fingers around a rock the size of her fist and then let it fly .
tr	NNS	The four travelers all lined up and Paul checked each person 's load .
tr	NN	A bump and a crash pulled Bluebeard from his thoughts as the ship snagged on something underwater .
tr	NN	The chase finally stopped outside the Prayer Room .
tr	NNS	More images of wind and sand , a dark crystal , cries in the night , then weeping and a hand reaching out for her .
tr	NNS	" Your Highness , your wife entered confinement three hours ago , and the midwives expect the child to be born tonight .
tr	NN	The soil is poor and wild animals often destroy their meager crops .
tr	NN	Their determination to cure and save is awe inspiring .
tr	NN	Selznick sat by himself at the back of the theater , there was a test audience of a few hundred people seated before him .
tr	NN	The packaging of canapes with ham and mayonnaise that had rested on the seat right on the mat and slipped between the pedals .
tr	NN	The pretty brunette was a fun mix of badass and sweet ; she 'd kept Simon on his toes .
tr	NNS	The big squares glowed into life one after the other .
tr	NN	Almost on cue , a siren starts blaring .
tr	NNS	The footsteps were coming closer .
tr	NNS	Things that eat stars and swallow them whole .
tr	NN	The doe lay right where he 'd left her , untouched .
tr	NNS	On the contrary , decades earlier both their fathers had been members of the same country club .
tr	NNS	War chants rose and battle gears were strapped onto the shoulders of 550 Amazon warriors .
tr	NN	Her euphoria was short-lived .
tr	NN	Is this proof enough ?
tr	NN	Her breathing air gauge is full .
tr	NN	Her balance was awkward , but she quickly learned how to ride him and let go of every remaining inhibition she had .
tr	NNS	The two couples chose a booth on the far side of Sadie 's dance floor .
tr	NNS	My boxers are staying on .
tr	NN	A deep chuckle from the side of the room made her head spin in that direction .
tr	NN	The captain gave him a disgusted look and activated his cellphone .
tr	NNS	Her bedroom window stood wide open , the drapes pulled back .
tr	NNS	And lying under the slowing rotor blades , the headless body of Reginald Crowe .
tr	NNS	My confines were so tight that I didn 't even have the space to beat my fists against the nonexistent walls .
tr	NNS	The scales glittered against the sun 's ray like precious jewels .
tr	NNS	These fantastic coffees became a bright spot in his rather dull life .
tr	NNS	Innocents ... countless innocents would lose their lives ... women , children , babies ... they would be massacred . "
tr	NN	My belly , however , was whirling with excitement -- or maybe it was the after-effects of spinning in the tire swing .
tr	NN	The courtroom had seemed so real .
tr	NN	Now the treatment is ready to be used on a large scale .
tr	NN	The mayor paused again , then said , " Only he 's got a lot more money . "
tr	NNS	The cold drops of water hit my naked body .
tr	NNS	Black file cabinets lined the walls .
tr	NNS	The ancestors wanted Cassie , but if they couldn 't get her , they 'd just try for someone else .
tr	NNS	Looks like it did a band up job .
tr	NNS	Looks to me like we 're both in the right place . "
tr	NN	" The defense will stipulate to the witness 's distinguished background . "
tr	NNS	" Most vamps do . "
tr	NN	His tip touched her opening , and Ainsley ached with need .
tr	NNS	Our new companions had told us that we could expect to find a road branching off this one soon that would lead toward the capital .
tr	NNS	" Orders say you got to stay here . "
tr	NNS	Guess different couples work in different ways .
tr	NNS	Two travelers have come to our humble sanctuary , where we serve the needs of those who enter the dark forest .
tr	NN	Generally known for their passive nature , the tiny , armless creatures shrouded in leaves have grown increasingly hostile as the drought begins to threaten the forest .
tr	NN	The shorter route would be through Watford , but that would also be riskier , with perhaps too much chance to ' lose ' him at roundabouts .
tr	NNS	The rats were spreading out under the town , and it was like no other town they 'd found .
tr	NN	Her black bra is clearly visible underneath .
tr	NNS	" What are my chances of getting rid of it ? "
tr	NN	The drawbridge crashed at their feet .
tr	NNS	When he came back , the mattress dipped under his weight as he tucked the soft comforter up around me and pulled me back into his arms .
tr	NN	The highway ahead appeared straight and true through the window while the same stretch branched and forked at impossible angles when seen through the distortion .
tr	NN	The blacksmith wore a thick leather apron charred from his work .
tr	NNS	The warning signs had practically been in neon , but he 'd just let his feelings fly , giving his tongue freedom to say whatever it would .
tr	NN	Immediately , the young captain jumped forward .
tr	NN	The townsfolk were all pleasant enough , though of course Stony Vale had its share of grumpy malcontents .
tr	NNS	Nerves suddenly tightened my stomach at what we were going to do , what I was finally going to do .
tr	NNS	Endless hallways and multitudes of living spaces made exploration of the manor a much bigger task than she had initially perceived .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids fluttered open weakly .
tr	NNS	" Mr. Patterson , in a few hours the news media is going to be all over this story .
tr	NN	His entire torso couldn 't have been any wider than one of my thighs .
tr	NNS	Both trails are generally established and safe , although throughout the years there have been occasional reports of fatal accidents and injuries , especially on the Sto .
tr	NNS	Confined spaces are not - " his voice cracked slightly and he cleared his throat even as hers thickened in disappointment . "
tr	NN	An owl hooted in the branches of an oak tree .
tr	NN	Every shipping port , airport , bus and train terminal was under heavy , armed guard and backed up by various law agencies .
tr	NN	And again the design was moving .
tr	NN	Thinking of that time reminded him of his first meeting with Ella : for a moment he almost missed her and their little son .
tr	NNS	Spanish moss hung like spiderwebs , making the woods look even more foreboding .
tr	NNS	There are so many backyard pools and every year there are cases of young children drowning .
tr	NNS	Gramps was it . "
tr	NNS	The upper peaks were inhospitable .
tr	NNS	Images of making the girl beg and scream ran through his head , feeding his adrenaline .
tr	NN	" Unfortunately , there are still some complications with my vessel which may hinder me for a while longer , " the captain remarked .
tr	NN	His chant , the low pitch of his voice , echoed in her heart , in her mind , invading her soul .
tr	NN	There was a third page , and he signed that .
tr	NNS	The members of the first coven had hidden them from Black John , because they 'd known he might come back .
tr	NN	" Come along , " said the leader .
tr	NNS	Around the fire , the black figures , the chimps , went wild .
tr	NN	The redhead was looking frazzled .
tr	NNS	Rufus screamed in frustration .
tr	NN	Her core flooded with heat as she watched him struggle , secretly hoping the alpha would break free .
tr	NNS	Alexis says as she gestures for Brian to continue .
tr	NNS	Knox 's thrusts start to slow down .
tr	NNS	The pupils of her eyes seemed to have disappeared and she just sat there as still as a statue and as dumb as Nora .
tr	NN	" Just between you and me , galactic transport isn 't as reliable as you might think it is .
tr	NNS	The four band members faced King Richard .
tr	NNS	Animals tend to get scared easily , and these were no different .
tr	NN	But tradition was boring .
tr	NN	Love felt like they 'd been put in their place .
tr	NNS	Though the stories of those powers were heavily exaggerated , other than immortality , their abilities are no different than ours .
tr	NNS	There are drops of blood on his sneakers , and smudges between his fingers where a quick washing didn 't get them off .
tr	NNS	Her instincts proved true .
tr	NN	" There is no reasoning with these people .
tr	NN	And which her publisher was breathing down her neck to turn in so they could capitalize on the success of High Heels and Champagne and Sex !
tr	NN	A veil hung over her face , but he knew her all the same .
tr	NNS	Her sobs stopped , and her head snapped around .
tr	NNS	His followers were unready and faced by a choice between loyalty and good sense .
tr	NN	MacLeod dock came into clear view .
tr	NNS	And the ghosts of the past poured in , and he knew where he was .
tr	NN	Only a strip of partly clouded blue was visible because of the buildings on either side .
tr	NNS	Jason 's winnings climbed to nearly three hundred before plummeting .
tr	NNS	Maybe the bars were all full , or maybe they needed cooling down too .
tr	NN	The captain refused to take care of them and left them behind .
tr	NNS	" Random old satellites squawking ?
tr	NNS	Alexis looked at me and widened her eyes .
tr	NNS	The signs had been there : her welcoming smile , getting him coffee , the invitation to lunch , the confidential disclosures .
tr	NN	The dive lodge was south of town on an isolated stretch of beach .
tr	NNS	More creatures threw open the doors of their houses , some carrying longer weapons .
tr	NN	Ok , I see , " he turned to the visitors : " He 's not here now .
tr	NN	The route is ingrained in my memory , so we make it to the hospital without a problem .
tr	NNS	Before I know what I 'm doing , my mouth lands on his shoulder and I bite .
tr	NN	Her bronze was on , and she had to try very hard not to think about the mist spirit .
tr	NN	The ferocious feline charged and pounced .
tr	NNS	Some regions have more colorful means of appointing their representative .
tr	NN	A receptionist answered and mechanically informed her that Steve was in a meeting and unavailable .
tr	NN	The backup lair was a dank cellar with only three rooms , and the air smelled of dirt and ash .
tr	NNS	Helping ghosts was part of her job as a supernatural .
tr	NNS	Evidently , the other members of the board of directors were inclined to do likewise , because no one said a word .
tr	NNS	What creatures , or even men , used to walk upon their surfaces and swim in their oceans .
tr	NN	A loud sob scared a nest of birds , and streams of black wings took flight around her head .
tr	NN	" No , he 's down , " the sheriff said , and walked over to press fingers to Morley 's dirty neck .
tr	NN	A mutual appreciation had blossomed between the young queen and her subjects .
tr	NNS	Names sprang up as I pushed past them -- Samantha , Albert , Inder .
tr	NN	The announcement and sudden spectacle brought traffic to a halt .
tr	NN	This language was the same as the chant I had heard from Nell last week .
tr	NN	Jared 's mom 's belly was big and round , like a ball .
tr	NN	" You have to comply with the law , " the pilot said in a defensive voice .
tr	NN	Had that muscular vine been sucking Stella 's blood ?
tr	NN	Their spears and swords shone in the gloom with a gleam of chill flame , so deadly was the wrath of the hands that held them .
tr	NNS	Something presses against my throat , cutting off my breathing , digging into my skin .
tr	NN	Not a psycho or kidnapper , just a kid like me .
tr	NNS	Both detectives ignored this and Bolster continued : " I understand there was bad blood between you and Dr. Wilson . "
tr	NN	He must 've slept with Senator Lukens 's daughter , the girl Rory said he dated last year .
tr	NNS	A few couples sit in the open air perusing menus or looking into each other 's eyes .
tr	NNS	The gears of the clock , the same one that had kept him company for years , were the first thing he saw clearly .
tr	NN	The unease spread through my existence but since I wasn 't in control , I couldn 't escape .
tr	NNS	Things are screwy up here .
tr	NN	The embroidery on the front read prisoner in giant black letters , with Amelie 's symbol up in the corner .
tr	NNS	A moss covered the cracked ground , and light shone in from holes and fissures in the walls and ceiling , illuminating the murk below .
tr	NNS	All those old wives ' tales you hear about being made to do things against your will are not true .
tr	NN	The empty garage had space for two cars .
tr	NNS	The great planets stood like sentinels between the stars , cautioning the passengers to stay on the aero .
tr	NN	The design of the trap is quite fascinating .
tr	NN	Chase 's observation unsettled Willow .
tr	NN	The young warrior finally broke the silence , " What will you do with the crystals ? "
tr	NN	Their posture somehow both relaxed and alert .
tr	NNS	The early experiments , when she had tried all sorts of exotic dishes , had also been a way to occupy her mind .
tr	NN	The laminated security badge he 'd been given weeks ago had survived the cement bath .
tr	NNS	' Things like broken staircases are routine for us .
tr	NNS	There were no seats back there .
tr	NN	History isn 't kind to private raids into enemy territory . "
tr	NNS	Six mages entered from the other doors and introduced themselves to the candidates .
tr	NN	Dark , carmine fur had covered the skin on his legs , while hooves replaced his feet .
tr	NNS	Those facts make ' what do you ask we do with her ' just as an appropriate way to word it as any .
tr	NNS	Alexis slapped his friend on the shoulder , " Stay in touch then . "
tr	NNS	The wolves hunted his weakness , and he offered himself .
tr	NN	The golem looked down , to see his brown ankles had already disappeared into the earth .
tr	NN	" What is your op status ? "
tr	NNS	Just a few personal items and the clothes on her back .
tr	NNS	Soon all the villagers pleaded with him to sing one of his ballads .
tr	NNS	More powerful creatures than a guy from Gatlin County had met their fates here .
tr	NNS	" There are no tours right now .
tr	NNS	However , the members of the board certainly thought it was just dreadful .
tr	NNS	All scales must be retracted .
tr	NNS	Yet all his aggressive instincts were on fire .
tr	NNS	But the werewolves were different .
tr	NN	The sheen on his face was even heavier .
tr	NNS	' Your Highness , there will be plenty of time to explain everything later .
tr	NN	The agony continued , went on relentlessly .
tr	NN	The only defense I had against her was that I didn 't let it show that she intimidated me .
tr	NN	The woman 's complete lack of fear melted away .
tr	NNS	The great gates began to open as four bronze armored men pulled the ropes .
tr	NNS	In our family , wolves are predators , not cute , cuddly white fur balls .
tr	NN	" Yes , my darling , darling Christine , I did , but only because I love you so much !
tr	NNS	Things were going so good .
tr	NNS	The media hadn 't been kind once the story had broken about Taylor and her involvement .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids lift up and her massive blue eyes catch in the light flowing into the room and they sparkle .
tr	NN	Another elder said as he was shushed by the third .
tr	NNS	Community leaders , Vimes thought .
tr	NN	My melancholy is already laughable .
tr	NN	Love imagined that 's how she would look in bed after ... he interrupted his thoughts , and coughed .
tr	NNS	Animals protect what they know .
tr	NN	There was a landing strip and a hangar that housed two jets .
tr	NN	The chorus of footfalls was now just down the hall .
tr	NNS	The authorities have been to my house to question me about one of my patients from a past study .
tr	NNS	Once I get set up at the MAV , my solar cells and batteries will be in a fixed position .
tr	NN	The master bedroom and bedrooms for your brothers and sister when they were kids . "
tr	NN	Terror rolled off her , filling the room with an odd chill .
tr	NN	A student reached the intersection shortly after me .
tr	NN	His attire was much like that of the Fae males ; long-sleeved tunic with leather vest and matching pants .
tr	NNS	" Sorry I 'm just hungry , eggs are fine . "
tr	NN	Without the need for words , the mighty mount seemed to agree with Camden .
tr	NN	The trip north was serene .
tr	NN	Maybe ... ugh , that option really wasn 't great either ... but he was better than Kellan , and better than walking in the rain .
tr	NN	When the phone rang , she looked up to make sure Valerie , the receptionist was around to answer it .
tr	NN	That same appraising stare .
tr	NN	" My grandma lives in Connecticut . "
tr	NNS	The creatures had made it to the center of the bridge and were moving toward them , gathering speed .
tr	NN	The gloom was near total and he strained to observe the sand as it slid towards his time of doom .
tr	NNS	Her eyes ceased seeing , her moist eyelids fluttered a last time and her jaws froze in a smile .
tr	NNS	Her wrists began to tingle , and as she looked over , she realized they were slowly healing .
tr	NNS	Others have to struggle to learn what comes naturally to you .
tr	NNS	Without it those hell hounds would have killed me .
tr	NN	Surrounded by the greenery of Mt. Erebus ' virgin alder forest , the ivory castle seemed to float above the encircling plains .
tr	NNS	There 's the Officials we 're supposed to trust , who are in on a plan to kill us all and skip off into the sunset .
tr	NN	A pitcher of ice water and pot of hot chocolate rounded out the meal , the dinner making up somewhat for the ratty futon .
tr	NN	A low chuckle rolled out of the velvet darkness .
tr	NN	With spooky scarecrows and spiders and all that ? "
tr	NN	The cast head Falconer found by the river was bronze .
tr	NNS	And then suddenly there are all these ads in the Register .
tr	NNS	Reyes glanced down at the box she held in her hands and , though he grimaced , muttered , " Fine .
tr	NNS	Things changed , people changed , and the world went rolling along right outside the window .
tr	NNS	Starbucks shows me how to operate the controller .
tr	NN	I can feel , and hear , a growl build up inside of me .
tr	NNS	Others came out of the huts .
tr	NNS	Things had changed since Julian had set the bees on her .
tr	NNS	The teachers tended to turn a blind eye when he 'd shove some kid in the hallway and spill his books .
tr	NNS	And theoretically the oceans could have sustained life-forms that looked like this . "
tr	NN	No pun intended . "
tr	NN	The short tempered and short fused , and let 's face it , ass that I think I am .
tr	NN	The archangel dashed her hopes with a solitary word .
tr	NN	As if by some unseen cue , the trio parted to change their angle of attack .
tr	NNS	These objects and more lay before him like a veritable assault course which his feet found difficult to navigate .
tr	NN	A thrill rushed through her veins .
tr	NN	There were rustling sounds all around us .
tr	NNS	All the old paintings and drawings portrayed the Dragon Warlord 's tattoos .
tr	NN	Just a single small spotlight shone on a hard wooden chair .
tr	NN	The real challenge is keeping the emotions confined to the board .
tr	NN	Then , one goal is at the bottom , and the other is at the top . "
tr	NN	Your great-grandmother made a whore of herself to an Englishman so they 'd drop a title on her get .
tr	NN	The texture of the clothing so very different from whatever it was that made up his body .
tr	NN	The absence was unmistakable .
tr	NN	The bald barber grinned .
tr	NN	There 's a dusting of stubble on his cheeks .
tr	NNS	Now that she was face to face with them , the creatures didn 't appear hostile .
tr	NN	The principal had been heaping praise on Isaac for ten straight minutes .
tr	NN	Her innocence was endearing .
tr	NN	The dragon , in all its rage , had fallen for her trap and fallen into the swamp .
tr	NNS	My clients are ... " " What ? "
tr	NNS	Her nostrils flared , but she left , leaving us alone again .
tr	NN	" There 's a big market for the old , old stuff over in China of all places .
tr	NN	Then a footman helped me into the seat of the small , mechanized carriage .
tr	NNS	The human staff members weren 't completely wrong .
tr	NN	The knight seemed to shake out of his stupor , almost alarming the quiet child in his arm .
tr	NN	The rustle of fabric caused the flames to waver .
tr	NNS	The dresses were conjuring mental images of Maddie and Seth walking down the aisle together .
tr	NN	" Your witness , " Grover directed .
tr	NN	The wraith spoke her name , causing her to jump , " Echo , will you help ? "
tr	NNS	Logan inches back a notch .
tr	NNS	Took ages as usual but something came back , unidentified they said .
tr	NNS	The P suits , he knew were for working in an enclosed area that had no air or gravity .
tr	NN	Every player showed up , most of them an hour early .
tr	NN	- There was no booze in the house that evening so Theo had to get ready without it .
tr	NN	An old map hung on the wall behind his desk .
tr	NN	The supervisor cocked her head slightly as if searching her memory , wrinkled her nose , and lifter her left hand to look at her wristwatch .
tr	NNS	Only a few apples and slice of bread remained .
tr	NN	Storm suppressed the wry chuckle stirring in his chest .
tr	NNS	Donovan 's nostrils flared and he glanced toward his chartered boat .
tr	NN	A tired chuckle left her lips .
tr	NN	Even the discovery of Tessa had not infected Stuart with any last-ditch desperation to lengthen the time remaining to him .
tr	NNS	The ghosts sat with Dan when Cronin 's clothes were put into evidence , asking questions .
tr	NN	The tip of it caught under her shirt and there she hung .
tr	NN	His cavalier manner infuriated her .
tr	NNS	On the ground , the wolves were scratching the tree trunks , jumping up , and sometimes fighting with each other .
tr	NNS	The gates swung open , and Morgan waved the cars forward as he slid back into his own vehicle .
tr	NN	There was a fine sheen of perspiration on her forehead .
tr	NNS	Eli 's background checks have already proven this as true , but I know Sofia .
tr	NN	There was no real benefit compared to a promotion .
tr	NN	" He will see you immediately , " said their escort , pushing open the door .
tr	NN	' Up , ' Love said .
tr	NN	That I would , the little vixen , he chuckled .
tr	NNS	The other ladies whooped and screamed .
tr	NNS	Drug screens are not valid unless they have been done through a chain of custody . "
tr	NN	His mate didn 't crave any kind of submission at the hands of a cruel man .
tr	NN	There was a sudden stir in the shadows and five large vampires moved forward with fluid speed .
tr	NNS	His thumbs dug into the little muscles around her spine .
tr	NNS	He stopped at the dining table , yawning and reaching for one of the warm loaves of bread the servants put out every morning .
tr	NNS	" Things are really complicated right now . "
tr	NNS	Their tongues met and Gray nipped her bottom lip with his teeth , as if he wanted to devour her .
tr	NN	The colony was fifteen miles long and stretched the entire length of the White Tanks .
tr	NNS	Of course , all these exotic trappings wouldn 't have devastated Aunt Linda as much as the stark fact of Hadley 's murder .
tr	NNS	The ruins loomed over Gareth , disturbing old wounds that every Welshman felt in his blood .
tr	NN	The hatch to my part of the brain swung wide open on its hinges in blatant surprise .
tr	NNS	The eggs sizzle as they hit the fry pan , the juices in my mouth flowing with anticipation , " Kate what day is it ? "
tr	NNS	Those facts screamed " Quality Master . "
tr	NN	A thin trickle of sweat dripped down her spine .
tr	NNS	Even the dwarves had noticed it .
tr	NN	Her inability to reveal her big secret made me feel like she probably kept other things from me too .
tr	NNS	Those same instincts never took over when it came to other women , not even Gloria who he 'd been sleeping with for the past few months .
tr	NNS	" Animals mostly , but when it 's been absolutely necessary I have taken from a person without their knowledge .
tr	NNS	The new recruits he had coming in would learn this lesson from the very start .
tr	NNS	Words seemed useless at the moment .
tr	NN	" Please answer the question , " the agent said .
tr	NNS	A few wisps of hair had come free from her cap , hanging across her bent face .
tr	NNS	On her previous visits , the predictions had always been so very open to interpretation but on this occasion her mission was clear .
tr	NN	The absence of sound made him edgy .
tr	NN	Junior and Patricia Thurman next came into the room .
tr	NN	There is no precedent .
tr	NN	He 'd grown too strong for her to initiate connection with him by herself , his magical wards high and always in place .
tr	NN	Relaxing for only an instant , Link realizes what she is attempting to do , and it is working .
tr	NNS	Drugs or money were most likely -- what else would it be ?
tr	NN	My goal was a healthy , prosperous , well-educated population , and I was purposefully marching in that direction , dragging everybody in my realm behind me .
tr	NNS	Girls in rugby sweaters and plaid kilts crossed the quad .
tr	NN	A crucifix on a chain hung from her neck .
tr	NN	" Link has saved our kingdom from his evil schemes before .
tr	NN	" Your honesty has always been your best feature . "
tr	NNS	But the forced cheerfulness took its toll .
tr	NN	Despair plucks at me with icy fingers .
tr	NN	Her adrenaline kicked in and she started bolting up the remaining steps .
tr	NN	The kitten woke up when he heard the door slam .
tr	NN	The castle lay on the western shore of Anglesey , only five miles from where Gareth stood .
tr	NNS	Zane shifted even further away from her , his chains rattling .
tr	NNS	Dangerous situations heightened emotions , and all his talk of wanting to marry her may have faded away once things calmed down .
tr	NN	A large white passenger van pulled up outside the bar , and Brazen knew the mayor had arrived .
tr	NN	" Every organization needs money . "
tr	NN	Except in cases where people in the state you were in act rashly , recovery from depression is almost inevitable .
tr	NNS	Timmy , Bugs and Francis sat at another table , offering their assessment of things in relation to that night 's performance .
tr	NN	Sean 's passion runs deep , and his worries are real .
tr	NN	Sure enough , the mob of Warriors paid us no attention and huddled around the shed as they waited for it to be unlocked .
tr	NN	The " businessman " pushed her painfully back against the gas pump , jarring loose the nozzle , which clattered to the ground .
tr	NNS	Dark shadows where the streetlights didn 't touch .
tr	NN	Every maid and babysitter write them . "
tr	NNS	The likely possibilities came to two : Dwarf MacIntosh or the ambitious and resourceful Captain Brood .
tr	NNS	The three chicken egg sized , yellowish eggs remained undisturbed .
tr	NNS	His actions taken in and taken over by just one desire .
tr	NN	The elf was only too grateful , and impressed on Randa that she was to wake her if there was any sign of change whatsoever .
tr	NN	The realisation shocked her , but in the calm , cool atmosphere of the temple hall she knew this to be the truth .
tr	NNS	His instincts won out .
tr	NNS	" The pearly gates of hell , " I moaned as I writhed against him .
tr	NNS	The other wolves joined in , one by one , and then in groups of two or three .
tr	NN	The robe was as magical as Dominic .
tr	NN	" Mint condition , " Angela said , and plucked it out of Claire 's trembling hands .
tr	NN	A loud crash echoes through the trees , energizing my legs .
tr	NN	The castle was fast replacing Chester as a personal favorite .
tr	NNS	Reapers don 't consume my mind .
tr	NN	The maid came to the door and Coral went to consult with her before returning to the middle of the room .
tr	NNS	The ogres moved just as if Shinichi had given the order .
tr	NNS	His movements became deeper and faster as he filled me with the length of him over and over until he pushed me over the edge .
tr	NN	They final y took a break the next afternoon by a stream .
tr	NN	The lack of sleep was the worst of all and it toyed with my health and sanity .
tr	NNS	Her quick footsteps echoed followed by a door slamming shut .
tr	NN	A torrent of heat , and light , and fire raced through her body , consuming her .
tr	NN	dread was settling in .
tr	NNS	Even then the chances of surviving past nightfall was slim .
tr	NNS	" I 'll do my best , " said Ward as he continued to ice the cakes .
tr	NNS	The cheap shots grew more pointed and spread around the locker room .
tr	NNS	Three grey figures floated just above it .
tr	NN	The duke was the role model I needed when my father proved unworthy . "
tr	NN	The faint musk of horses floated on the breeze .
tr	NN	The fan whirled slowly overhead , around and around .
tr	NN	As the truck cleared the main fence , the police scanner blared in the closed vehicle .
tr	NN	There was a long horizontal lever in front of the seat .
tr	NNS	All three band members had now internalised the songs and performance .
tr	NNS	Things will be better for you if you do . "
tr	NN	A plant needs water .
tr	NN	The pulsing of his energy grew stronger , which ignited her own .
tr	NNS	The temples were about 1000 years since construction and still intact in their stone and brick .
tr	NNS	Even your rivals think that .
tr	NN	" Just an attorney here in north Dallas .
tr	NN	Her upfront honesty refreshed his perspective .
tr	NNS	Dripping faucets , ringing phones , thousands of discordant pieces of music slammed him to the ground .
tr	NN	There is a watchman who comes in to do rounds later in the evening but he just got there in time to find the body . "
tr	NN	Part of me wants him to say " you can 't " so I can ask " why ? "
tr	NNS	He didn 't want to turn off the vacuum for fear the creatures would find a way to seep back down the hose .
tr	NNS	Barnabas stood behind him , a worry too deep for a mere seventeen years showing heavy on him .
tr	NNS	Twenty-six streams of answering dragon fire rose to the occasion .
tr	NN	There was something majestic about him , something powerful and predatory in the way he stood there , simply breathing as he watched her .
tr	NNS	Only a few forlorn mortal passengers peered from its smeared and dirty windows .
tr	NN	The captain reviewed it and forwarded the coordinates to his pilot .
tr	NNS	The company 's demands made it impossible .
tr	NN	The most erotic bra and panty set he 'd ever laid eyes on hugged the supple curves of the most gorgeous woman he 'd ever seen .
tr	NN	The consensus was that he should 've taken on her maiden name .
tr	NNS	If the programming assumptions still held , the swarms would be weak when reacting to genuinely new situations .
tr	NN	A muttered cough came from deep within its splintered ruins .
tr	NN	The Assembly is in an uproar over your refusal to approve the budget .
tr	NN	On the other side , a grove of trees marked the corner of Hamilton Fish Park .
tr	NNS	Looks like you have a broken wing there . "
tr	NN	The cord wasn 't snapping alive like it usually did when I was around him , especially when he was practically on top of me .
tr	NNS	Flames caught on the log and brought a smile to her face .
tr	NNS	Meanwhile the pirates had formed a rough circle .
tr	NNS	Chills cascaded down Caleb 's spine .
tr	NN	But his grandmother gave the following explanation : " At the very moment when you felt sorry for him the Angel instantly entered into the murderer .
tr	NNS	With practise , users could carry out most tasks as well as they could with two good hands .
tr	NN	The observation pleased her .
tr	NN	" The coin maybe , but the gold is real .
tr	NNS	The other more populated areas along the Snake River would be back on line within a week .
tr	NNS	On the bed over there are our family pets , Disco and Fang . "
tr	NNS	There were also " breakout " sessions for the children and teens in a side auditorium .
tr	NN	' Anything at all you can remember will be of help , ' Love said .
tr	NNS	Images of Sunday morning brunches with Michael , and walking in the park to let the wind blow away their hangovers , besieged her brain .
tr	NN	More than Altaf 's delay , their unusual , gentleman attire made them uncomfortable .
tr	NN	The clearing is overflowing with wildflowers that perfume the area .
tr	NNS	Things have a way of going wrong if a person lives long enough , travel or no .
tr	NNS	A few night creatures rustled the underbrush along their way .
tr	NN	A carpet runner lining the stone risers should help with traction , but it was going to be a bumpy ride .
tr	NN	" Exactly where does this ravine lead ? "
tr	NNS	My wolves were neither .
tr	NNS	Only the real rats , suffused with their moving image , took on the same bloody tones .
tr	NN	The pilot says to the co-pilot , " I don 't like this . "
tr	NNS	The printing presses are making things worse , not better . "
tr	NNS	The myths are dead .
tr	NN	" The organization really knows how to cover its tracks , doesn 't it ? "
tr	NN	The farther we got while still staying on campus , the farther the Eagle would follow us .
tr	NNS	Then both ladies stood .
tr	NN	A researcher promised anything to get his money .
tr	NNS	Lights on , " he commanded , and sure enough , the bedside lamps and wall sconces flared to life .
tr	NN	A tray with like half a pizza on it and a giant soda plopped down on the table beside Missy , and I glanced up .
tr	NNS	Girls didn 't fight in the gangs ... but I did .
tr	NN	There was a thunk as Andy 's head hit the table .
tr	NNS	My aunts hug Evie , rubbing her back and whispering advice .
tr	NNS	The last few sentences in his final letter played through her mind .
tr	NN	Like a sketch of her , a Maeve replica , smudged around the edges and incomplete .
tr	NN	The stairwell came out by the pool .
tr	NNS	All the paintings Dad bought at the yard sale .
tr	NNS	Things are going to get a hell of a lot easier once all this calms down . "
tr	NN	The pub was a warm , cozy place the flickering flames of the fire winking off the horse brasses on the walls .
tr	NN	As with most men , the stake in the heart of his noble aspirations is his overriding proclivity for sex .
tr	NNS	As she went from class to class , whispers grew louder and the pointing more obvious .
tr	NN	The same clothing the man in the picture wore .
tr	NN	The dwarf looked around the room .
tr	NN	Only my affliction won 't be so easy to diagnose .
tr	NN	The Russian pilot uses his index finger to motion him to land .
tr	NNS	What are the possibilities at this stage , gentlemen ? '
tr	NNS	Richly colored and strikingly beautiful , the drapes formed a kind of tent , just large enough for one person to stand within .
tr	NN	My pulse maintained its rapid pace and I clenched myself tight around him , my face screwing up as Will 's heavy breaths surrounded me .
tr	NN	I snapped off the clips of my jerkin , rolling out of it , the flaming remains of my armour basking the area in orange luminescence .
tr	NN	' Where is the cape ? '
tr	NNS	The cards shook slightly as she organized them a little bit more .
tr	NNS	My responsibilities are too immense to keep track of any documents !
tr	NN	Neither design is exactly groundbreaking , but I think you 'll like them .
tr	NNS	Just a few classes actually . "
tr	NNS	' But cats can 't talk ! '
tr	NN	Even in her upheaval , the thrill rose .
tr	NN	The next settlement was Duchess .
tr	NN	But hey , I like the element of surprise , so bring it . "
tr	NNS	The detectives rose to their feet .
tr	NN	A bronze knocker in the form of a skull hung in its center .
tr	NN	The creamy linen slid down the trim , concave curve of her hip .
tr	NNS	Unlike eyes of a mere human , her pupils almost never constricted .
tr	NNS	" My companions and I were hunting a dragon .
tr	NNS	Good thing the drugs keep him relatively even-tempered , or I 'd probably find myself facedown on the floor .
tr	NNS	Others in the Council whispered their agreement .
tr	NN	" A knight , " Sean said .
tr	NN	" Your description of the future is unbelievable . "
tr	NNS	His technicians should have the bomb ready to go by nightfall , hours ahead of schedule .
tr	NNS	Things could have been much worse . "
tr	NNS	The whispers of the metal intensified ; it knew what was coming next .
tr	NNS	The villagers would have been listening to the lessons , the reading of new laws , and the granting of lands that were typically presented on midsummer .
tr	NNS	The resources of the west continued to pass through the town , but now they just paused for an hour before moving on .
tr	NN	" Here are the problems as I see them , " Chance said quietly .
tr	NN	The dawn chorus of birdsong has abated unnoticed into the more subdued daytime movements of the jungle symphony by the time they stop again .
tr	NNS	" No documents found . "
tr	NNS	Sirens wailed , serving more like a death knell rather than an emergency warning system .
tr	NNS	" Those same thousands would envy me and ultimately destroy me .
tr	NNS	Our experiments are yielding interesting results . "
tr	NNS	African-American twins , both girls , grinned at each other .
tr	NN	As I 've suggested several times , my Master had at least some knowledge of the future , but he shared that knowledge only sparingly with us .
tr	NNS	Images of mom -- and everyone 's dead faces appeared in my mind .
tr	NN	A thin layer of fine sand lay in a mound at the closed doors , the blue hue of the shattered claw quickly dissolving into salty remnants .
tr	NNS	Demetrius took a deep breath ; his voice became gentle again .
tr	NNS	" Shane , your recent activities have been less than favorable for this firm 's reputation .
tr	NNS	Cadmus clenched his jaw .
tr	NN	" Your lack of approval changes everything . "
tr	NN	Why did his bike have to choose last night to get a puncture ?
tr	NNS	Your tests have come back showing normal brain activity and no permanent damage . "
tr	NNS	Looks like action is on the way . "
tr	NN	Her assault was unrelenting , aggressive , and precise .
tr	NN	This crisis is great public relations for any organization willing to call itself humanitarian .
tr	NN	" Turpentine , " the witness answered .
tr	NN	The goblin stared with a long face , and he gave Jack an uneasy glance .
tr	NNS	Things I think you need to have .
tr	NNS	Everything , I enter this universe , the mansions are all the same color scheme .
tr	NNS	There are still too many ideas , but she is working to get them out as fast as she can .
tr	NN	Her last birth was easy .
tr	NNS	Let me assure you , Dr. Cummings , our research programs and patient services are completely separate .
tr	NNS	There are several misses , but they manage to bring one down .
tr	NN	The gardener had been by earlier today .
tr	NNS	Now there are consequences to deal with and we must deal with them . "
tr	NN	The vanity in her boudoir rocked with the thrusts of his hips , his breathing rough as he made love to her where they stood .
tr	NNS	A hundred torches winked into existence from within dozens of different tents .
tr	NN	" The mistress doesn 't need a reason to want you dead .
tr	NN	What room is your partner in ? "
tr	NN	Well , stench would be a better word .
tr	NN	" I hope so , " stated the novice politician .
tr	NNS	The dinosaurs looked at the boys .
tr	NN	The chorus died out .
tr	NNS	The apprentices were already about their morning labors , working on various bits of furniture .
tr	NNS	" Our patrols have passed this direction many times .
tr	NNS	The pupils were blank and white .
tr	NNS	Words burned Toren 's throat .
tr	NNS	Kids passing by peered through the door 's window and gaped at me before hurrying off with their friends , whispering .
tr	NNS	" All your tests came out positive . "
tr	NNS	The differences between Kevin and Max were more glaring than the similarities .
tr	NN	A tradition , " Duncan said .
tr	NNS	Folks in small towns just come runnin ' when there 's trouble ; not to help , just to gawk .
tr	NNS	" The werewolves are on their way , so she can 't see anything that will happen now .
tr	NN	Just like that , our Sector 7 was in the presence of the Kitsune Clan 's second-in-command , Akira Miyamoto herself .
tr	NN	The guilt was enormous , though he tried to console himself with the fact that he was on her side .
tr	NNS	Guns and knives bounced around us with the swiftness of his movements .
tr	NNS	Once we were off the freeway , there were no streetlights or houses in sight .
tr	NN	A whole raft of conflicted feelings raced through her .
tr	NN	A thrill went through Kizzy .
tr	NNS	The tentacles drew closer .
tr	NN	Part of that had to do with her brother 's death ; he was killed in a car accident the year she turned eighteen .
tr	NN	The canoe was also turning .
tr	NN	A little too much boom , his friend 's look seemed to say , and Gage smiled .
tr	NNS	Our Dark cousins will not send another assassin until the community becomes complacent again .
tr	NNS	With the same deafening grind the triangles retracted into the surrounding floor .
tr	NN	The assault began in the early gray light of dawn .
tr	NN	The perpetrator sat here and waited for his victim ?
tr	NN	The medical examiner 's still looking at her . "
tr	NN	" Why is the conflict so important , then ? "
tr	NNS	The fabric strips he 'd just tied around his leg were already turning an ugly brown as the blood seeped into them .
tr	NNS	The twelve members of the council appeared aged .
tr	NN	Plus there 's that big bruise on her face . "
tr	NNS	Words churned inside her , but she stifled them .
tr	NN	There were some deteriorated exercising equipment that was freely available for everybody to use .
tr	NN	Link felt the panic rise in his chest .
tr	NNS	If something goes wrong and we have to fight , the chances are you won 't make much difference against the masses of demons .
tr	NNS	The two siblings seemed not to care what others thought .
tr	NNS	The chances of it occurring in their bloodline were one to two million .
tr	NN	A matching beaded accent ran around the band that accentuated her elegantly slim waist before the sweep of ivory silk fell to the floor .
tr	NN	" There is no honor in throwing your life away either .
tr	NN	The old party warrior tried to help her , but couldn 't .
tr	NN	Viggo 's responding chuckle would have sent a chill through any sane person 's soul .
tr	NNS	My fingernails became torn and bloodied .
tr	NNS	Ten suits of armour formed a line in the corridor .
tr	NNS	No social skills , or lack of them , can change a Warlord Prince 's nature .
tr	NNS	" Well , the emails progressively get more threatening and aggressive .
tr	NN	The cottage was a fair size .
tr	NN	The suffering of its pal made the other hold off .
tr	NNS	Looks like somebody sure wants her privacy .
tr	NNS	Her vocal cords tensed with the weight of the words .
tr	NNS	The wolves started to back off after the flare gun was pulled out .
tr	NN	The suspicious glint in the nurse 's eyes suddenly changes .
tr	NNS	Things were too strange to ignore .
tr	NN	His visage contorted in a most grotesque manner , immediately revealing dread and painful fear .
tr	NNS	Aris gathered her with Alex between them , rocked on his heels as he broke out litanies of love and worship and relief .
tr	NN	There 's just no reasoning with Chris .
tr	NNS	His eyelids flutter up , terror filling them .
tr	NNS	Congregation members sat in the same place week after week .
tr	NN	An owl 's interested in what 's on the ground , not what 's up among the stars .
tr	NNS	' My apologies , ' he said .
tr	NNS	Looks like you decided to do the same . "
tr	NNS	" Sign these documents and we 'll proceed .
tr	NNS	Diggs watched me with quiet resignation .
tr	NNS	There were black squirrels in the wood .
tr	NNS	Witches will certainly act to destroy both lives and property , but they will do so from the shadows .
tr	NN	There was a different Mortimer underneath it .
tr	NNS	There was stiffness in his shoulders that hadn 't been there before , as if he was suddenly carrying some unseen weight .
tr	NNS	The nuns had been the ones to encourage her to apply to the state University .
tr	NNS	The ruins there are mostly dust .
tr	NN	The seating arrangement had changed slightly .
tr	NNS	His nostrils widened as he pulled in the heavy scent that came primarily from the door on the far left .
tr	NN	Your grandmother said it was all right . "
tr	NN	Chapter 56 From a distance the mountain was undeniably beautiful : tall and imposing , crowned with snow and ice .
tr	NNS	Dark blues and purples filled the sky , reflecting the depth of the sea back to the clouds .
tr	NN	The girl 's cackle rose above the country music and the noise of the idling truck .
tr	NNS	The many Sentinels killed were little sisters under Clarissa 's care .
tr	NN	It didn , t seem so horribly tragic , really .
tr	NNS	The emptiness of Jack 's silence would be too hard tonight anyway .
tr	NN	No pinch will pull me out of this reality .
tr	NN	He landed on the ground below , a puff of dust rising from his boots as he remained crouched .
tr	NNS	The sirens wailed as Herman was sped away .
tr	NN	The new teacher was Wanda Uchida .
tr	NN	The fine layer of mist added a feeling of being cocooned in his own world .
tr	NNS	His movements were quick and efficient , and a minute later , he plunked a gin and tonic down on the bar .
tr	NN	A weariness etched her delicate features and grief still haunted her eyes .
tr	NN	Love was a complicated thing , but that boy she had picked out would not be his choice for her .
tr	NNS	These suits , VIN , will be the suits that you and I will wear to go out of the spacecraft and do spacewalks . "
tr	NNS	" In the spiritual planes , deals are unbreakable without stiff consequence , Paul .
tr	NNS	With this power , our chances of survival grew greater .
tr	NN	The John Deere tractor was scarcely visible over the horizon , and sinking slowly into the soft ground .
tr	NN	Just ... an idiot , that 's all . "
tr	NN	The cub , far faster than a toddler , went barreling off down the street , tail waving madly .
tr	NN	The robe did not provide as much protection as the leather armor but gave her better movement , allowing her to cast spells without interruption .
tr	NN	There 's a beige sweater draped over the empty chair in Matthew 's lab , the sleeve brushing the floor .
tr	NN	" Thank God , " the corporal thought .
tr	NNS	Looks like they 're dining with the Singers .
tr	NNS	These figures can 't be right ! '
tr	NN	The static froze one by one in the columns , the lasers stopped and the shields tightened .
tr	NN	Her flashlight dimmed and went out .
tr	NNS	" There are no buts , cowboy .
tr	NN	Argument History has proven that Nature doesn 't have much control over celestial objects , but she has retained the right of absolute domain over us .
tr	NNS	Reyes was too on edge , the demon too loud inside his head , clamoring for pain .
tr	NN	The added bonus of a built-in lunch date and a sweet little garden to chill in didn 't hurt either .
tr	NN	That was good , Jazz thought .
tr	NNS	Meantime great changes in the outside world held a great fascination for us .
tr	NN	When Daniel finally admitted that he sometimes went days without eating , her first instinct was to call the sheriff .
tr	NN	The ' bot made no response , but hovered backward toward the staircase , keeping its guns aimed carefully the entire time .
tr	NNS	Curious maybe , but not hesitant .
tr	NN	Of course , by the time she arrived , there was already a queue out the door .
tr	NN	" Still , the suffering in this world is a hard thing to accept , Mr. Paul . "
tr	NN	Some idiot who 'd never actually seen those islands had designated them as ' the land bridge ' .
tr	NN	Matthew waited , his pulse pounding .
tr	NNS	The two nurses at the desk were busy talking .
tr	NN	His passion , he called it .
tr	NN	The dragon agonized in confusion because she was willing to give up for him something that she clearly desired .
tr	NNS	Such colors revealed that Era was inundated with passion and envy ; and on church grounds no less .
tr	NN	The purple van did all the pitching and maneuvering -- taking all the hassle out of driving .
tr	NNS	Yet before they could move forward , the ruins of the fallen temple began to rumble , causing them to quickly take cover .
tr	NNS	A few faculty members maybe , and Meredith knew , obviously .
tr	NNS	What had - Her eyelids snapped open .
tr	NN	" Way to go , Caroline .
tr	NNS	" The fairies are outside . "
tr	NNS	The comforts of her heart had wavered many times before , but she always instead could fall upon Beorn 's hope .
tr	NNS	" What were the shapeshifters doing there ? "
tr	NN	The assembly would at least provide their host of myriad followers with the illusion that their leaders planned something decisive to deal with the situation .
tr	NN	There was a twisting agony in Scott 's chest and stomach .
tr	NNS	Maybe some spots had different mineral counts than others .
tr	NN	The staircase ended at a sturdy , white door .
tr	NNS	And ruthlessness was the very most practical of emotions .
tr	NN	" They do if they don 't stop interrupting my work , " the gardener laughed scooping the boy into his arms and spinning him .
tr	NNS	Names are not important .
tr	NN	A hot throbbing radiated from my cheek to my ear .
tr	NN	" A kitten had fallen in , and I was rescuing it . "
tr	NNS	Others of my kind , who fought with you at the Uprising , told me of you .
tr	NN	Its mate immediately responded , bringing to life memories of a childhood on the beach in southern France , baking under the sun without a care .
tr	NNS	Periodic bursts of fire ricochet off the walls outside .
tr	NN	The initial plume whirled higher , dragging the worst of the smoke and superheated air away , clearing a glimpse to the ongoing destruction .
tr	NN	" I am aware of the situation , " the captain conveyed .
tr	NNS	Would the young wolves go too ?
tr	NNS	Adrien 's chains were less evident , hidden as they were beneath his shirt .
tr	NN	The annoying ' a 's and ' o 's of the Indiana accent , the Midwestern movements .
tr	NN	Later in the afternoon , the runner from the river came into the village .
tr	NNS	Our cultural differences amused me .
tr	NNS	" Walker , your kisses leave me breathless .
tr	NN	His stature is a little heftier than me as well , and he is ridiculously intelligent .
tr	NN	But its spotlight pivoted smoothly and kept fixed to them , tracking their passage below .
tr	NN	Not a single neighbor knew anything new about the guy .
tr	NNS	Hardwood floors covered every room .
tr	NN	" Too great a leap and we will lose money .
tr	NN	Just do me a favor and don 't get yourself into any more trouble tonight .
tr	NN	Part of me wished there was a way she 'd never be in any danger , but that wasn 't reality .
tr	NN	The desktop lifts up and there 's a keypad .
tr	NN	Dirt and blood streaked his pale face ; his nearly orange hair was standing on end .
tr	NNS	The security gates started dropping and the curator ran smack into one of them that was dropping in front of him .
tr	NNS	" There were zombies on the loose , so , yes , and he volunteered . "
tr	NN	But there was discomfort stemming from not knowing what to say or do .
tr	NN	" Where 's the icon ? "
tr	NNS	The runes shimmered before her .
tr	NNS	Her expressions the night before haunted his dreams and kept him awake most of the previous night .
tr	NN	Suddenly the gargoyle came alive , raising its clawed hands and opening its mouth to display a set of vicious fangs .
tr	NNS	" Things came up . "
tr	NN	An owl hooted somewhere close by , and the crickets chirped on undisturbed ; the events of the night meant nothing to them .
tr	NN	A death sentence hangs over my head . "
tr	NNS	Still , the charred signs and ash against the concrete walls proved that it had not escaped completely unscathed .
tr	NN	Her pulse leapt wildly , a subtle breath escaped her as his fingers pressed against the previous marks he 'd left upon her .
tr	NNS	Chills raced across the prince 's shoulders .
tr	NN	Love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth .
tr	NNS	All the whispers of the stones told me so , but for once , the soft , familiar sounds didn 't soothe me .
tr	NNS	Now chances were that she 'd die before summer 's end .
tr	NNS	Things are going to change .
tr	NN	The sergeant continued for several paces until he 'd nearly disappeared into the shadows .
tr	NN	Sitting next to him was another investigator - yet another specialist in finding the missing .
tr	NNS	The countess glared at the Frenchwoman .
tr	NN	The second agent stepped forward .
tr	NNS	Two red spots bloomed on her pale cheeks , her body trembled with barely restrained fury , and her hands clenched into fists .
tr	NN	His hand darts inside his linen jacket quickly , fumbles around for a second .
tr	NN	There was no damage -- no impact .
tr	NN	A broad gray tie matched his gray suede gloves .
tr	NNS	Others repair clothing and patch tents .
tr	NNS	Little bits of dried blood fall into the apron of my shirt .
tr	NNS	Strangers weaved through the tables , and I wanted to scream at them to move out of the way .
tr	NN	The werewolf looked at Lily .
tr	NNS	" These meetings are like a glimpse of sunshine in my grey days . "
tr	NN	After the fourth time of jerking myself awake , I final y broke the silence .
tr	NN	Then these psycho dudes in black masks jump out and drag me into the backseat . "
tr	NNS	The Caribbean governments will pay for developing and distributing the cure .
tr	NNS	Things were not as they seemed .
tr	NNS	The ladies sighed with delight and envy at all the goodies going into their neighbor 's house .
tr	NNS	Simultaneously the blades wrenched themselves free of the stone with a grinding noise and a shower of sparks and shot upwards .
tr	NN	The lack of noise had alerted her .
tr	NN	To wit : The senior senator from Idaho had asked her what she planned to do now that vampires had come out of the closet .
tr	NN	A wicked glint appeared in his eyes .
tr	NNS	Rose petals were lying on the floor , on the couch , and I was sure even on my hair .
tr	NNS	His colleagues say his stare can hypnotize the most challenging dean or faculty member at the university in any meeting .
tr	NNS	Words make marks deeper than fists ; they last longer and sometimes never go away .
tr	NN	that false institution , that archaic abomination was loathed more than anything else could possibly be .
tr	NN	That project leader told me it would be worth more money than these Peruvian eyes had ever seen .
tr	NNS	Their lunches arrived , slowing their conversation other than for brief comments made about the food .
tr	NN	" That factory isn 't producing synthetic blood . "
tr	NNS	At the same time a number of shirtless men , real bodybuilder types , who wore black leather pants and carried whips , lined the walls .
tr	NN	Especially the new Vee , who 'd developed a death wish for the male race in general .
tr	NN	One passenger heading for Halifax entered the capsule and was drawn quickly up and into the shuttle .
tr	NNS	Things happen , but nothing really sticks in my memory .
tr	NN	There was a crash as the gargoyle disappeared in a cloud of shattered stone fragments .
tr	NN	That bastard wasn 't , and his mother has to pay for it .
tr	NNS	My Guardians needed to get down to the fight .
tr	NN	The warrior was standing above me , fire axe in hand .
tr	NNS	Barnabas cringed , and his boss sniffed his agreement .
tr	NNS	Small Talk lands beside me , grabs my arm and pulls me to my feet .
tr	NNS	" His Highness is as finicky about where he drinks water as he is about what kind of food he 'll eat . "
tr	NNS	" You see , most members of the ton enjoy being seen wearing a newly acquired hat or in the company of a particular gentleman or lady .
tr	NNS	The off-white tiles looked sort of comfortable .
tr	NNS	Kris and I have kept this a secret to ourselves .
tr	NN	The neighbor tells us to have a good dinner , and picks up the garden hose again .
tr	NNS	There are a few objects laid across the top .
tr	NNS	There were so many planets to study before we all became glued to Earth .
tr	NNS	Her sneaking skills were getting better by the day !
tr	NNS	The villagers will think demons are amongst us if they find her .
tr	NNS	Things were gathering pace .
tr	NNS	Still , there was something charming about it .
tr	NN	The second flashlight slowly died , plunging him into absolute darkness .
tr	NN	The pilot scrambled to open the hatch , and surprisingly cold air washed down on them .
tr	NN	Simple observation proves you are the only one for me . "
tr	NNS	Then came countless images as his life passed in front of my eyes with incomprehensible speed .
tr	NN	Like the first breath of air after too long spent underwater , the release consumes me for a moment .
tr	NNS	The ripples of whispers this time were more hushed .
tr	NNS	Gramps leans over , and I almost lean away because I know right now what he 's going to say .
tr	NNS	Bugs donned the trademark trappings of the eccentric tailor .
tr	NNS	Dark murmurs echoed behind us .
tr	NNS	The other three recruits were standing around her .
tr	NN	A headset was over his ears , but somehow not over his perfectly managed hair .
tr	NN	To my relief , her posture was less aggressive .
tr	NN	' Exactly , ' Love said .
tr	NN	One bullet hit his leg .
tr	NN	The captain froze in the act of dragging a glass toward them .
tr	NNS	When Guy put it like that , her reservations sounded absurd .
tr	NN	" I will see Jamila now , " her angel replied , pleasantries clearly over .
tr	NNS	Flames unquenchable sprang high into the night .
tr	NNS	Makes snow to keep cold folk cool , but not too cold .
tr	NN	Only the ledger could change that .
tr	NNS	No warriors appeared along the wall ; no arrows flew at them .
tr	NN	Its haunting white glow made everything seem mysterious and cold .
tr	NN	The squirrel sat on top of it balanced on his back legs , watching them like they were putting on a play for him .
tr	NNS	From her beaks ten black pearls fell into my hand .
tr	NN	A shriek came from his brother 's bedroom followed by machine gun fire .
tr	NN	Part of her didn 't want to stop .
tr	NN	The old , familiar swirl of panic tries to surface .
tr	NN	Officer Bently 's partner followed as he mounted the stairs .
tr	NN	The committee gives us control .
tr	NNS	Lots of people have lived through all sorts of horrible experiences , and they seem to be able to cope .
tr	NNS	With high energy levels came ridiculous arguments , violent outbursts , and fistfights .
tr	NN	Another loud thud rattled the building .
tr	NN	" Okay , my lord , so build the fire . "
tr	NNS	And sometimes the drums came to them .
tr	NN	Once Trevor had gotten trapped in the mirror , any semblance of fun had vanished .
tr	NNS	Girls he had talked to were plentiful to remember .
tr	NN	" I saw it , " the lifeguard said .
tr	NNS	Little wisps formed along the basal fringes of the screen .
tr	NNS	Chapter 10 Things did not go according to plan .
tr	NN	Under the window , there was an old fashion chase lounge and in one corner a huge full length mirror on a stand .
tr	NNS	Romulus growled a warning .
tr	NNS	The villagers would scurry away in fear before each sunset , staying away at night until she could return - or they would face her promised wrath .
tr	NN	" Simple and uncomplicated and clear - just like that girl 's voice . "
tr	NNS	Alexis asks as she turns to Elizabeth .
tr	NNS	Mere inches separated them now , and she had to crane her neck up to look him in the eye .
tr	NN	The jaguar had deliberately used the water to confuse the scent .
tr	NN	The dwarf stopped in front of the cruiser .
tr	NN	After a minute the kitten comes into the room silently and begins lapping up the liquid from the saucer .
tr	NN	The villa Jonas was living in was like a small castle , 18th century style .
tr	NNS	Several thumps sounded from behind Lou .
tr	NNS	When they had finished , the two ducks admired themselves in convenient bronze mirrors .
tr	NNS	Girls , Miranda included , knew everything about him .
tr	NN	There was not even a scratch on her mask , only burned marks .
tr	NN	Reaction efficiency has a maxima at one hundred forty-seven degrees Fahrenheit , so we work there .
tr	NN	A wordless shriek of denial rose in Andrews 's throat as bright red stains blossomed across Kadie 's chest and belly .
tr	NNS	" Those trials , they were the nine gates . "
tr	NNS	The warriors gathered here would slip into Sparta while its king was away , lured to Troy with the offer of discussions .
tr	NNS	The council members have voted to stay to attempt to come to some agreement .
tr	NN	The liquid shimmered and turned blue , then he poured it into the container of muck below the plastic feeder tube .
tr	NNS	Samuels went on , sounding more and more satisfied with himself .
tr	NNS	" The crows weren 't an accident , Karen .
tr	NN	Your specialty was armor and weapons , though , as I recall , not jewelry .
tr	NN	The hood of the car was still warm .
tr	NNS	" The stores won 't be open for several hours . "
tr	NNS	Loud voice commands were coming from a room near them .
tr	NNS	The fullness sharpened into an ache that became almost a pain .
tr	NN	Our rogue , " Bricker muttered unhappily .
tr	NNS	And his instincts told him his mate was finally at his side .
tr	NN	The gleam in his eye bordered on naughty , a far cry from the guy who didn 't kiss me after our first date .
tr	NN	The dread had felt so real .
tr	NNS	" Folks , let 's get pictures , and then we 've got some work to do . "
tr	NN	There was a rustle in the hay , and then an alert silence .
tr	NNS	Myles seemed distracted throughout dinner .
tr	NN	This whole ridiculous exchange went on for a while without much gained in terms of fighting .
tr	NNS	The strands felt like fine silk .
tr	NNS	Behind the impressive and uncharacteristic additions was traditional flowery wallpaper that you wouldn 't expect to find in a room of this purpose .
tr	NN	No concept to mark its passing , and nothing to note its presence .
tr	NN	Love isn 't just for the here and now , it 's for a lifetime .
tr	NN	The dock rose at the end of a long string of lower hilltops connected by suspension bridges .
tr	NNS	Pink jewels of light slid up and down it , and over his black armor .
tr	NN	The yard is big and green , perfect for a family , maybe for my family , maybe a child .
tr	NNS	Muscles contracted inside him as the pilot continued the countdown over his headset .
tr	NNS	By the next morning , the seas had calmed and John was able to sit up .
tr	NN	But the dragon woke up then , and ... " He unzipped the pack , revealing a yellow-green egg the size of a basketball .
tr	NN	Part of the battery power goes to heating the rover .
tr	NNS	Two straight-laced businessmen were waiting impatiently on the tiles .
tr	NN	" Yeah , I know what you mean , " Chance answered , staring hard at me and giving me a sad smile .
tr	NNS	Case 's eyelids flickered .
tr	NNS	Hands probed around his waist , ran down one leg and then the other .
tr	NNS	' Where are the twins ? '
tr	NN	" No kidding , " Helen answered .
tr	NNS	Out of the blue , the aged screens winked a sleepy eye , and burst into a scene of animated waves crashing .
tr	NN	The television was on .
tr	NNS	The high banks that continued the entire length until it met the ocean would allow her to enter the city center unseen .
tr	NNS	" Things are going crazy in ways even I don 't understand right now .
tr	NNS	Lights flickered with her laughter , bulbs burst when she erupted in song , so I kept a flashlight in each room just in case .
tr	NNS	The rows of invaders continued as far as the eye could see , but it would only take two bolts to finish them .
tr	NN	As the company walked they found that for every four of these there was an archway leading into a large chamber .
tr	NN	The next edition is due out next week . "
tr	NNS	There were seven dresses altogether , enough for one week .
tr	NN	Breathing out , a small puff of smoke came out , but not as much as the old kind ; he remembered those damn things .
tr	NN	My plant looked barely alive .
tr	NN	A sexy twinkle filled his eyes .
tr	NNS	" The twins , the pictures ... " She took down the old volume and brought it to him and put it in his lap .
tr	NNS	What are our current levels at , Professor ? "
tr	NN	A bumbling tourist squinted at a guidebook in the low light .
tr	NNS	The wolves howled in agony as they turned into piles of ashes , and after a couple dozen were dusted , the saws flickered and disappeared .
tr	NN	Her introduction told him little .
tr	NN	The countryside is full of history and life , but it can also be a land of great suffering and long toil .
tr	NNS	His Amazons sprang into action , and cleared away the remains of his meal .
tr	NNS	The temporal winds pick up and suck anything not tied down into the rift .
tr	NN	His partner had kept a couple of fish for himself instead of registering them dockside .
tr	NN	But his reputation was the precise reason why he 'd tried taking a different approach when it came to Shelby Harper .
tr	NNS	The gates before her slowly eased open , admitting her to the exclusive estate .
tr	NN	The tapping pounded at his sleeping brain .
tr	NNS	" These ladies have seen fit to question my etiquette on several occasions and have designated themselves my social watchdogs .
tr	NN	Silver and gold ticker tape and balloons fell from the ceiling , right on cue .
tr	NN	Naturally , a resultant gap created a huge breach of trust .
tr	NNS	Others will ignore copyright laws whenever they please .
tr	NNS	All indications are it is a peaceful meeting .
tr	NNS	The snow wolves had always been able to sense danger .
tr	NNS	A few drops are all that is needed . "
tr	NNS	The coins snapped forward , and the wind of their sudden passing parted the mist on the ground , revealing the floor beneath .
tr	NN	With the third kick , there was a soft thud and the small door swung inward .
tr	NN	The vast settlement came into view as the airship settled on its landing pad .
tr	NNS	The writings of these men represented a gradual but steady advance in persuasiveness over previous arguments .
tr	NN	While some of the big things had changed , Finn 's personality was still the same : duty and honor before everything else .
tr	NNS	Things would be different for Cassidy .
tr	NNS	The factions must band together .
tr	NN	" And no-one ever tried this on you ? "
tr	NNS	Others walk out of the room , leaving me with the old man .
tr	NN	The unspoken implication of Alina 's words slashed into him , but Damen pushed them away .
tr	NNS	" So many ladies are ordering new dresses ... My seamstresses are already quite overwhelmed . "
tr	NNS	" Where are the wolves ? "
tr	NN	The whistle cut through the air a second time , a single note this time .
tr	NN	A leader will have to carry out the results of any vote , and they will have to squash any inner squabbling .
tr	NN	Red tape , small minds and politics frustrated her out of that job .
tr	NN	The top layer was a clear yellow , nearly transparent , and the bottom a darker orange .
tr	NN	Death , pain , terror .
tr	NNS	A thousand drums pound and beat and her heart galloped within her weakening chest .
tr	NN	In Chinese legends the dragon had nine sons , each with their own powers .
tr	NN	A sob escapes me .
tr	NN	' Surely the Enemy knows all about his own mountains , and that road will be guarded as close as this ?
tr	NNS	Lots of shifters , too , " I said , glancing over at him .
tr	NNS	As she inched around the incline , two massive rubbery tentacles rose out of the sand .
tr	NN	" Who was the other fellow ? "
tr	NN	The Arabic language , like other Semitic languages , consists of both consonants and vowels , and the meanings of words are derived from both .
tr	NNS	More icy drops pierced his side and again he swept the silk away .
tr	NNS	" Things may well have turned out much worse .
tr	NN	The best defense is a good offense she would say .
tr	NN	The first page of the papers said : Classified .
tr	NN	The warrior had been evil and her heart had drawn the evil life force into it .
tr	NNS	Her directness caught me off guard .
tr	NNS	Too new to have gathered dust yet , its bare marble floors reflected back the stars visible through the enormous floor-to-ceiling windows .
tr	NNS	Stefano 's nostrils flared .
tr	NNS	Then other bits of information began to filter through .
tr	NNS	Two further bags were produced by the Welsh party , coins changed hands , counted out under Andrew 's eye .
tr	NNS	Our clients have no use for money where they 're going .
tr	NNS	The log huts inside were mostly dry , and of course incredibly hot once July rolled around .
tr	NNS	The pupils were huge , dilated .
tr	NNS	Tough reeds and floating flowers that were almost a meter wide battled for living space near the banks of the river .
tr	NN	The video stops and Gloria says , " That was Alzheimer 's patient Carl Davis before the drug . "
tr	NNS	The gates themselves were in the form of two twisting , lithe sea creatures who curved up in a massive archway .
tr	NNS	It seemed both Erica and her hit it off just right and why , those two ladies , they were almost like a mother and daughter .
tr	NNS	" Animals understand me .
tr	NN	Every inch of her curvy figure dragging me down beneath her .
tr	NN	" Sasha was out on a run , when she didn 't return after two hours her mate started to get worried .
tr	NNS	The rich chocolate locks held just a slight amount of wave and wafted softly over her shoulders .
tr	NN	The awkward reunion unleashed all kinds of emotions they 'd put away along with her memory .
tr	NNS	" The spikes close those options to us right now , remember ? "
tr	NNS	Luminescent sea creatures shone like stars in the night sky .
tr	NNS	Mechanical movements governed my body while I thought about what I was going to say to Sara .
tr	NNS	Were all the members of Sawyer 's household so well trained ?
tr	NN	A roar of fury tore from her throat and she lunged .
tr	NNS	He 'd always had time to think of an explanation for the words his characters said .
tr	NNS	Just walking in tells a story of good times already had , wins , narrow losses , the camaraderie of fans of all ages .
tr	NN	Where was the acknowledgment of the life they 'd led together , until everything went wrong ?
tr	NN	The mayor snapped out of his daze and called in his secretary to get the police .
tr	NN	The yelling did not excite anything in him any more .
tr	NN	Even the short hop from the height of the cabin to the helipad risked breaking a bone .
tr	NN	" Essentially , yes " the cleric continued , still smiling faintly .
tr	NNS	For a second old fears seized him and he sat up and shrank away .
tr	NNS	Tavi 's instincts screamed at him , and he some how managed to stagger back as the sword came down .
tr	NNS	His inky locks were a bit too long , caressing his nape and falling over his brow .
tr	NNS	His dynamics and tonal shadings are excellent ... but the tempi !
tr	NN	After much practice this maneuver started to work without any concentrated effort .
tr	NNS	The seats were deep and supple leather , the paneling real wood grain .
tr	NNS	Myles motioned to the bike .
tr	NN	A yellow Mustang squealed to a halt as I crossed .
tr	NN	The medic held the paper bag down by his leg .
tr	NN	So , did that scar on your hand ever heal up ?
tr	NNS	The daggers in her head grew and multiplied until her piercing cry was reduced to a whimper .
tr	NNS	Frankie 's eyelids lower as he aims me a look of warning .
tr	NNS	There were spaces where the buildings had collapsed , a huge area that had been undeveloped for years .
tr	NNS	The figures stopped , watching me stand on the sidewalk .
tr	NNS	Then his eyelids close , shuttering what 's behind them like a blind .
tr	NNS	" But - " " There are no buts , " Clement informed her .
tr	NN	Both his boys mutter , " Yes , boss , " as they head back up the ramp .
tr	NN	His master at arms had a keen ability to predict trouble .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of princesses kidnapped in Paraguay control my mindset .
tr	NN	Your progress on the book regressed around thirty pages , hard to tell exactly because it 's a paperback volume .
tr	NNS	" The swarms can 't hurt him .
tr	NNS	No zombies appeared in the parking lot .
tr	NNS	In the trail of blood and water leading to his feet , shimmery images had formed a living wall .
tr	NNS	Things quieted down for you ? "
tr	NNS	Myles asked when they were done .
tr	NNS	There are special joys in family , aren 't there ? "
tr	NNS	The bits of metal zipped through the mist , trailing streaks , and passed right through the shadowy figure .
tr	NNS	My name does not make me who I am , my actions do . "
tr	NNS	All their crowns were shorn , and so , there seemed to be no men or women or children among them .
tr	NN	A multitude of prismatic specks danced across the table and the front of Josh 's chest like a shattered rainbow .
tr	NNS	Gramps looks at me and winks .
tr	NN	The greasy , charred stench was unbearable .
tr	NNS	The paintings hung on nearly every wall in the house .
tr	NNS	Things don 't need to change . "
tr	NNS	Then the final small blazes winked out , throwing the room back into relative darkness .
tr	NNS	Their abilities are true and awake . "
tr	NNS	There are tales , recordings , and various remaining bits of information .
tr	NNS	Hands guided him to a chair , and voices were congratulating him for being the first one back .
tr	NNS	Things like : Something terrible will happen to you today .
tr	NN	A tired grunt slipped out of my mouth .
tr	NNS	Valerius took the dagger from his belt .
tr	NN	His clothing is dark , his expression darker , and he looks off into the black night in the direction of the sea .
tr	NNS	Whether the teachers had business experience as well as academic records .
tr	NNS	Her instincts had merit .
tr	NNS	Girls like Emily didn 't get pregnant .
tr	NNS	The physical changes had also inspired mental and emotional ones .
tr	NNS	With every passing month , our worries began to diminish .
tr	NNS	And then there were Dee 's sobs .
tr	NNS	Reyes knew that well .
tr	NNS	The footprints came through into the hallway from the kitchen , smearing blobs of red clay across the beech laminate .
tr	NN	" My folly , how dare you .
tr	NN	The last tech had dimmed the lights .
tr	NN	The police surgeon confirmed it at the inquest today .
tr	NN	" What 's your usual route ?
tr	NN	" What is this prophecy about ?
tr	NNS	The owls know something . "
tr	NNS	" The alpha strain werewolves held the gates as long as they could until finally their operation created a tiny black hole .
tr	NNS	And its dampness was seeping into my bones despite my attire of leather moto jacket , flared black jeans , grey cowl neck sweater and black Chucks .
tr	NNS	The drapes were open to the view of the sparkling blue Sound , but more drapes ringed the entire curved boundary of the living room .
tr	NN	Again , success eluded me .
tr	NNS	The raids on the mines weren 't working for us .
tr	NNS	Nicodemus took his time , sauntering up to meet Michael .
tr	NN	The reunion with the Hancock crew was almost as emotional .
tr	NNS	Skulls then got down on his knees and pressed his nose against Callum 's brow .
tr	NNS	Moses showed no emotion .
tr	NN	A local ice cream factory wanted motivated , hard-working people who weren 't afraid of physical , manual labor .
tr	NNS	Images battered her mind .
tr	NN	During the singing the animation of the reptiles in the foliage stiffened .
tr	NNS	" Flying frogs might be fun , but it isn 't wise to spend your magick for amusements . "
tr	NN	" The senator has been ... let 's say , uninvited from Circle meetings until further notice . "
tr	NNS	The footsteps chasing Magnus 's in the cool winter night were not Raphael 's but Guadalupe 's .
tr	NNS	Thoughts flash through my mind at the speed of light .
tr	NNS	Do stakes kill vampires ?
tr	NN	When my head broke through the top of the water both Will ow and Larissa were clapping .
tr	NN	" There are some page missing in this book .
tr	NNS	Those kisses were mine .
tr	NN	After they left Denmark , their next port was in Britain .
tr	NNS	Sadness resonates in his reply .
tr	NNS	The top levels have always intrigued me .
tr	NNS	The silent curses matched her every step , echoed the quickened pounding of her heart .
tr	NNS	Myles wasn 't sure what that was .
tr	NNS	His handheld hums in powering up , then glows ; we have to be careful with the charge , so he can 't keep it on constantly .
tr	NN	A moment later the fuming captain turned his back to them and began shouting at the sailors on the other side of the ship .
tr	NN	Surely Alex 's loud chuckles should have alerted some of the infected of our presence ?
tr	NN	His libido ramped into high gear .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids fluttered and her arms began to vibrate as her breathing became rushed and audible .
tr	NNS	Small figures rushed toward a road .
tr	NN	In a lower corner , the vid displayed the picture of a dwarf wearing an expensive shirt and black trousers .
tr	NN	The whirlwind in scrubs swept both men out without so much as protest then turned to his patient .
tr	NN	A tenant can also leave of their own free will . "
tr	NN	" This is one sick son of a bitch , " Chance said softly .
tr	NNS	" Sorry , the chains don 't lie or mislead . "
tr	NN	A growl ripped out of the hole , and flames shot skyward .
tr	NNS	The two images clashed horribly .
tr	NNS	The next items were a simple pair of jeans , a t-shirt , socks and tennis shoes .
tr	NN	A sob bubbled up from inside her while he silently stared at the note .
tr	NN	There was no writing on the outside of the envelope .
tr	NNS	Black pets were always the last to get adopted .
tr	NN	Her only proof that Spencer was possibly adopted was that their cousin Smith had teased her about it once when they were little .
tr	NNS	The attempts left her sick and weepy , gnawing the inside of her cheek until her mouth tasted of rust .
tr	NN	Part of her was shrieking with excitement and another part , the part that insisted she get over him , was saying something else .
tr	NNS	Things that I could resisted for as long as possible .
tr	NN	" There 's a tether around your leg .
tr	NNS	The tentacles that hold you came to rescue the princess , not to harm her .
tr	NN	A roar went up from the males .
tr	NNS	My movements are slow , but graceful and powerful .
tr	NN	In front , though , the usual van waited , with the driver holding the door open .
tr	NNS	The different colors on the animals clashed so terribly that she had to look away .
tr	NN	My theory is that they 're merely possibilities .
tr	NNS	A dozen pairs of footsteps were trying to be quiet and failing as boots pulled at the sticky blood in the hallway .
tr	NN	The castle was a maze , a tangle .
tr	NNS	By this time next week , those heaps would be slippery and black .
tr	NNS	All characters and events portrayed herein are fictitious and are not based on any real persons living or dead .
tr	NN	The hawk vowed that from that day on he would forever hunt the serpent and all its descendants .
tr	NN	A deep mauve carpet covered the floor , flowered curtains hung at the windows .
tr	NNS	Their Highness will be here shortly and I am certain that they will be eager to speak with you right away . "
tr	NN	Is her reward ready ?
tr	NNS	" Others might share moral responsibility for this tragedy , but the legal responsibility for this crime is yours alone .
tr	NN	The mayor and two city council members had been in attendance , along with their wives and three other couples .
tr	NN	The lamp above the tavern door exhausted its supply of fuel and died .
tr	NNS	There are many pairs of foot prints .
tr	NNS	After what I 'd been eating these last few months , that spaghetti tasted like it had come from some gourmet restaurant in Italy .
tr	NNS	Diggs looked like he felt sorry for me .
tr	NN	A quick assessment revealed to him what Jasmine had also discovered .
tr	NN	A lamp came on beside him .
tr	NN	But my uncle told me that he never got the chance to inspect it . "
tr	NN	Her aura rippled like waves around her , and the color was so magnificent , part sun , part moon , part earth and sky .
tr	NN	His goal was to teach at a college , unless his own acting career took off .
tr	NN	The dragon reared her head , and the two massive leathery wings , which had been folded along the sides of the boat , began to loosen .
tr	NN	The agent would arrive the following afternoon , which would give Colin a chance to scatter the ashes and get some sleep .
tr	NNS	The hallways are empty and the lights are off .
tr	NNS	Aris turned to Selene .
tr	NN	" What manner of barrier could possibly keep the villains from rushing to the aid of their comrades ? "
tr	NN	Right the way around , so no-one and nothing could get in or out without them knowing .
tr	NN	Had his prey been humans ?
tr	NNS	" Except , the new vegetables weren 't local ? "
tr	NNS	There were consequences -- other fights in other places , and we lost more men that summer , but we held off the French . "
tr	NNS	The cottages had thatched roofs with large round chimneys sticking out the top of each one .
tr	NN	The only option was to act normally and watch them .
tr	NNS	Fridays were usually busy at Susannah 's Garden and this particular Friday was no exception .
tr	NN	There 's hesitation for what I assume is a glance through the peephole , and the door swings open .
tr	NN	The surgery had gone well and again his father was resting comfortably .
tr	NNS	" Things shorting out ?
tr	NNS	Elias called for ride and in minutes the four of them were in the back of a limousine .
tr	NN	There was a whistle as an intact column slipped them by .
tr	NNS	The bites on her ankle remained raw .
tr	NNS	" There are two Immortals that need serious care .
tr	NNS	The black emptiness was growing in Gregori , a dark stain spreading over his soul .
tr	NN	My mommy always promised me ... " I move slowly toward him and drop to my knees in the dirt .
tr	NNS	The effects were strong and immediate ; her breasts began to tingle and ache as her nipples peaked , and hot tension tightened her loins .
tr	NNS	The gates here opened as the dwarf steered her convertible up to them .
tr	NN	My tried-and-true method was failing me .
tr	NN	Os ' mar said in his gruff voice as I tossed back the second cup .
tr	NN	His seed had taken within her .
tr	NN	The bitch returned for revenge .
tr	NNS	Things between us haven 't been right since we went out on the boat .
tr	NN	He turned around to watch the bust , which he previously thought was bronze , shatter into dozens of thick clay shards .
tr	NN	No sooner had she sat down than she immediately let herself crash into the fluffy decorative pillows set up against the headboard .
tr	NNS	Even stories below , the tiny figures are hard to make out .
tr	NNS	" There were picks and things in the mine ride today .
tr	NN	This happy cow with the banana shirt was funny , and Mia even smiled about it .
tr	NN	A dark and cool cellar lay beyond it .
tr	NNS	And I said in my softest voice , " The paintings I 'm auctioning off are Alexander 's . "
tr	NN	" Bulldogs goal by number 10 , McKenzie , unassisted . "
tr	NN	The bullet slammed into William 's chest , knocking him back , forcing him to his knees .
tr	NNS	Meanwhile , the other swarms had continued their zigzagging around the building , and were now out of sight .
tr	NN	Love nodded , looked over at his dog , and grinned .
tr	NN	The bullet violently ripped off a large piece of the skull and blasted over half of her brains out of the back of her head .
tr	NN	The doorknob turned and the latch clicked .
tr	NNS	He wiped the back of his hand across his forehead , felt the dampness of his sweat .
tr	NNS	Classes and homework have taken over much of my life lately .
tr	NNS	Romulus licked her hand with his rough tongue and whined as if in apology .
tr	NN	An antique rug from Persia , recently placed on the floor .
tr	NN	A heavy boot smashed into my side once , twice .
tr	NNS	The mattress was the most difficult to handle .
tr	NN	The tip of his tongue flicks against the hard peak , sending a rush of sensation to the tips of my fingers and toes .
tr	NNS	Preparations have to be made , schedules matched up .
tr	NNS	The contents dumped out on the floor .
tr	NN	" But , and this is where that proposition comes in , there 's an Indian fellow up in the hills .
tr	NNS	Images flashed through her brain like a movie on fast forward .
tr	NN	His passion may be useful , like a rabid dog can be useful against your enemies , so long as it does not bite you first .
tr	NN	His aura sort of reached out to me .
tr	NN	This new development strengthens my belief that he 's trouble .
tr	NN	His soft chuckle filled the air with a thick satisfaction .
tr	NNS	Abby was just as interested in scoring pristine high-end sports gear as she was winning a game .
tr	NNS	Her wrists chafed against her shackles badly enough that her eyes watered .
tr	NN	A medic was putting the finishing touch to a butterfly on Vinny 's chest .
tr	NN	Net profit is too low for the revenue they generated .
tr	NN	" But the coroner confirmed that it was you .
tr	NNS	" Half the duchess 's council has left her side .
tr	NN	" My father-in-law , " I answered honestly .
tr	NNS	The other werewolves dispersed , heading toward the other houses .
tr	NNS	All substances encountered by stellar expansion change .
tr	NN	The bacon sizzled loudly .
tr	NNS	From each team alternately , pairs competed in virtuosity .
tr	NN	My new laptop was divine .
tr	NN	An angular cross-country runner took a picture of it with her phone .
tr	NNS	" The goblins came down from the mountains after the battle .
tr	NN	" ll warn you now - that includes some of the bad stuff along with the good stuff .
tr	NN	There was a stir of activity almost at once .
tr	NN	The worker Bee did not reply .
tr	NN	His charisma still shook her , and she feared she would buy into his treachery again .
tr	NN	" Some of the rest of us would like to hunt here , too , " the elf suggested .
tr	NNS	" For the first time in our relationship , and as scary as that thought is ... yes .
tr	NN	A tremor rolled through him , something palpable , more than jealousy .
tr	NNS	His nostrils were flaring as he stood above Lizzie , pointing at Marcela , whose face was ravaged and bleeding profusely .
tr	NN	" My mate 's true father . "
tr	NN	" The brachial plexus , the large nerve bundle that I need to move my arm .
tr	NN	The predator in him was urging him to pounce , to drink her blood and sate his hunger .
tr	NNS	The chances of them having anyone in the area are slim but try anyway . "
tr	NNS	When she 'd left the base in Turkey and endangered their whole dark ops mission with her high-profile kidnapping , authorities had determined she was simply reckless .
tr	NN	" I took a quick look at the report , " the sheriff said .
tr	NNS	The two colleagues look at each other with wonder .
tr	NNS	" My companions await my crossing in the way of theirs .
tr	NN	Wasn 't that a measure of status , how large your footmen were ?
tr	NN	" With pleasure , " Ghost answered .
tr	NNS	The other apartments on the floor were all open invitingly and had been trashed accordingly .
tr	NN	The tapping began again .
tr	NNS	His fingernails raked down Zane 's back .
tr	NN	The doors slide open .
tr	NN	When it was out of sight , my head spun in Fred 's direction , my mouth handing open in disbelief .
tr	NN	A frog jumped after a fly , making a splash somewhere in his periphery .
tr	NN	" Good , " the 9-1-1 operator told her in a reassuring voice .
tr	NN	" Hey , cowboy , wait up ! "
tr	NN	The scar was livid across his face .
tr	NN	A new appreciation of what he was seeing , of how it worked , made him inhale in awe .
tr	NNS	" There are three grooves .
tr	NNS	Charlie 's distant snores stuttered , and then picked up a regular rhythm again .
tr	NNS	Three iridescent CDs hung from the top of the windshield on gold cords , dangling and swaying with each jolt of the car .
tr	NN	A sob escaped him and turning into me , he slipped his arms around my waist and laid his head on my lap .
tr	NNS	There are no limits except the ones we put there . "
tr	NNS	The warriors hastily met in the largest hut and frantically put together a plan for battle .
tr	NNS	Greek mothers were either terribly protective or possessive of their sons .
tr	NNS	Thus , these couples became famous throughout occupied space as the peacemakers of one of the most volatile systems ever settled .
tr	NNS	The sirens feel muted on this level , like a distant threat that means little anymore , and I realize I must be close .
tr	NN	The captain , the pilot , the doctor , the engineer and the two techs all have done this before .
tr	NNS	Slowly , her sobs started to subside simply because there was no water left inside her to shed .
tr	NN	The front bumper was actually a four-inch thick iron pipe that stretched all the way across the front .
tr	NN	But The Program steals our memories .
tr	NN	Duncan ... " A sob burst forth .
tr	NN	The porch lamp is spilling gold light over him , making his black hair gleam perfectly and his tan appear even darker .
tr	NNS	Erratic gusts of wind blew through the tunnel they formed .
tr	NN	The radiation seeped into my living area and it stunk .
tr	NNS	There were signs all over the place of building going on .
tr	NNS	And her footsteps felt more certain as she went through the back door and up the stairs .
tr	NNS	The images are grotesque and unimaginable .
tr	NNS	But images of Jared 's blue eyes and the way she felt absorbed in them kept invading her thoughts .
tr	NNS	His wrists and elbows began to ache .
tr	NN	" Found him under a wagon , " the redhead reported .
tr	NN	A tinge of colour suddenly suffused her pale face and as she held the door open for Amelia , her eyes gleamed with excitement .
tr	NNS	My new abilities began to develop quickly .
tr	NNS	Things change and they will change more .
tr	NN	The balance on Go was superior to any horse Scarborough had ever ridden , and he was quiet and light on the bit .
tr	NN	" Lord Alyn oft forgets his courtesies , " the black-haired knight said .
tr	NN	And the thud , thud that accompanies the dove 's cooing grows ever more insistent .
tr	NNS	Their abilities had come from years of practice and work , from direct contact with objects .
tr	NNS	All characters in this publication are fictitious and any resemblance to real persons , living or dead , is purely coincidental .
tr	NNS	Cassius asked , afraid of the answer .
tr	NNS	The tunnels here felt like shafts in a coal mine by comparison .
tr	NNS	The two letters and their small , startled sound run right out of my mouth to seek refuge in a place far from here .
tr	NN	At last , the pencil fell from Louisa 's hand and she bowed her head .
tr	NN	This time Eveline made no effort to see what they would say .
tr	NN	Part of me wanted to stay with him for some reason but the rational part knew that " some reason " wasn 't good enough .
tr	NNS	The footsteps were just a few feet from the door when I bent my knees and reached up with both arms .
tr	NN	The policeman handed it to Droopy , who pressed the flat of the blade to Lord 's throat .
tr	NNS	There are recording studios popping up all the time .
tr	NN	" And the Mother and the Father don 't move or speak or drink blood , Baby Jenks , " Killer said .
tr	NNS	As I closed my eyes , images of my family calmed me and for the briefest moment I had escaped .
tr	NNS	In those shelves , there were literally thousands of college manuals .
tr	NN	Part of me didn 't care if tomorrow never came , just as long as I had tonight .
tr	NNS	Its boards were in good shape -- they were all new -- but it had been nailed together in a hurry .
tr	NNS	The creatures in full armor were human in shape but all comparisons ended there .
tr	NN	A tourist made to step around her , in a wide , obvious motion .
tr	NNS	As she tried to read , cramps twisted her hands and turned her legs muscles to stone covered in razors .
tr	NNS	Shouts punch the air .
tr	NNS	Her remaining inhibitions fled as if they 'd never been .
tr	NNS	Thoughts , visual distractions , and the sounds throughout the club all occurred simultaneously .
tr	NNS	There are witnesses to your confession .
tr	NN	He thought of them now , scratching the compost , heads cocked , beaks snapping catching flies .
tr	NN	The chaos within will be enough to forget the threat from without altogether once it starts . "
tr	NNS	But usually the ladies are more subtle about it .
tr	NN	And in the middle , the tallest angel looked out straight in front of him , his head high and shoulders back .
tr	NN	Desperation and disbelief overcame her , as she watched the men moving quickly down the dock to surround her .
tr	NN	* * * " That looks like something we need to take care of , " the werewolf nodded as he examined the bloodstains covering the carpet .
tr	NNS	The markings were fine and raised just slightly above the skin .
tr	NN	The clown placed two sharp elbows on the bar and scanned the landscape like drone fixing on a target .
tr	NNS	Girls go nak * d in hot tubs .
tr	NN	The bedside lamp went off , leaving the room dark .
tr	NN	The roar of frustration grew louder , and louder still until the porch disintegrated from the vibrations .
tr	NN	" Way to put my feet to the fire , Julia .
tr	NNS	Sometimes grams really spoiled me .
tr	NN	The headmaster arrived a few minutes later and there was an opening prayer by the school head boy , Leonardo Cooper Jr. .
tr	NNS	" Well , Josh is right , there are differences . "
tr	NN	Finally , after a few minutes , a groggy uncle in plaid flannel steps out and lifts her up .
tr	NNS	Before nine a.m. , chances are the call is for me .
tr	NN	The Empire used a new weapon .
tr	NN	A zing of nervous excitement instantly raced through her veins .
tr	NN	When they went back to grandpa 's village , grandma was pregnant with my dad .
tr	NN	A cackle of evil laughter sounded up ahead , snaring his interest .
tr	NN	This poster would be an excellent way to advertise our concert .
tr	NN	" The real Seattle Strangler .
tr	NN	Gaston stood six foot one , his fake English accent made Tara laugh and Cassy flirt .
tr	NN	The sheriff watched from inside his squad car .
tr	NN	In the case of our dreams , the seed is in the form of a thought .
tr	NN	Chance laid his hand on her shoulder , and I forced my eyes to Mike 's face .
tr	NNS	A few leads have come in but nothing that 's been of value . "
tr	NNS	" That the Devil knows his light opera . "
tr	NN	" The chick is dangerous . "
tr	NNS	She taps on the door , then says , " Dad ?
tr	NN	appreciative gaze of every woman in the room .
tr	NN	A light applause starts reverberating from the walls .
tr	NNS	These bonded pairs must maintain the dignity of their warrior bond and must not allow it to transform into the earthly love we call Eros .
tr	NN	His friend 's function at this time was to provide distraction , to get him out of his head .
tr	NNS	Girls get harassed or attacked sometimes .
tr	NNS	Others were merchants , like Fob .
tr	NNS	His skills as an expert archer hadn 't gone unnoticed .
tr	NN	Suddenly , there was chaos .
tr	NNS	The nurses took the baby and started cleaning her up .
tr	NN	A white , rusted trailer sat in space 4 .
tr	NN	' A good investigator never tells on his sources .
tr	NN	A tiny spark of wonder , wonder that maybe there was some wacky way to end this war .
tr	NN	A deep growl rumbles up from Ethan 's chest , and somehow it only stokes the flames that are burning through every part of me .
tr	NNS	His fingernails broke ; he received many splinters ; cuts in his hands and fingers appeared from trying to break the lower bark wall .
tr	NNS	Raven kneels , fumbling in one of the packs she took from Pippa , and produces a flashlight .
tr	NNS	The hallways were unusually quiet .
tr	NN	" If I tell you , the good policeman , everything , it will end up in a report on a desk , will it not ?
tr	NN	The more she drank , the more belligerent she became , and the angrier he got .
tr	NN	Part of him held on to that as something good .
tr	NN	" The brat from the Los Angeles Institute must have told you that , at least . "
tr	NNS	Questions Greg ' ' I 'm Mia .
tr	NNS	" The board members are waiting for you through here .
tr	NN	Sometimes , the manner of our death is the only choice we have left .
tr	NNS	May the winds be with you . "
tr	NN	Her leap must have ended poorly .
tr	NNS	She had expected to die in the Courtyard , had seen the images from the prophecies come to pass .
tr	NN	No coffee pot or coffee grinder .
tr	NNS	The risks of losing me , his crown prince , to a random cannon ball was probably too great for him the bear .
tr	NNS	The creatures behind had fallen asleep as well - I charmed them with my music .
tr	NN	Her posture straightens , so full of optimism and hope .
tr	NN	It 's been a hole week and all I get to do is clean the lab equipment .
tr	NN	The lead investigator called Roanoke , where a federal magistrate was on duty , and a search warrant was e-mailed back to Norfolk .
tr	NNS	Her spots cast a wall of light back at her , like driving on full beam in the fog .
tr	NNS	' The sources - the few I 've had read to me with the Translator 's Lenses - are contradictory .
tr	NN	The kindness she loved so much was evident there .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids fluttered down as he lowered his head to claim her lips with his .
tr	NN	The bastard was covering his tracks there , too .
tr	NNS	Biological philosophers , research AIs , whole teams of scientists had tackled the issue and failed .
tr	NNS	Obscene letters arrived from weirdly frustrated women and men .
tr	NNS	Animals can see it .
tr	NN	My cubby 's at the center of the spiral . "
tr	NNS	Screams so defined the field that he could not tell one from the next .
tr	NN	Not only was he the master of do-gooders , but he happened to also be the most powerful angel in Lumens .
tr	NNS	No bodily fluids suggested to me that I must be dead .
tr	NNS	All three microfiche readers along the wall glowed with pages of old newsprint or pictures of yellowed documents .
tr	NNS	Others he didn 't know did the same .
tr	NN	The line of Agents stirred slightly , heads nodding , only one hesitantly raising an objection to the Commander 's logic .
tr	NN	The plastic surgery hid most of the lines and creases in his face except when he smiled .
tr	NN	The ledge was fairly broad , spanning the entire rear wall of the grotto .
tr	NNS	God 's whispers were returning , now that the pain was fading .
tr	NNS	His other team members had loaded up the stranded climbers .
tr	NN	The van was just pulling out of the neighborhood when the first responders flew by .
tr	NN	The script was in Lizzy 's hand .
tr	NN	" What 's the explanation for you being here ? "
tr	NN	" The witness may step down . "
tr	NNS	Whole nations can rise up from nothing and crumble again into dust .
tr	NN	The policeman said he hadn 't wanted Aiden shooting his foot off with that weapon tucked in his waistband .
tr	NN	The bitch was dead .
tr	NN	Yet with each second that ticked by , dread churned inside me , growing colder than the glacial snow whipping outside the windows .
tr	NN	The gentleman in question had married and gone to live in Boston with his American wife , and they never corresponded .
tr	NNS	A single mattress lay on the floor .
tr	NN	" My grandmother joined the spirits last week . "
tr	NN	The envoy holds up a hand , palm outward , as if to catch the shocked and angry outbursts from our friends on the Haven 's Council .
tr	NNS	There were half a dozen receipts from companies in Japan including one , in Japanese , from an antiques shop in Tokyo .
tr	NNS	The younger groupies from the van scowled at their rivals , while Bob and Jack remained expressionless .
tr	NNS	The chains dropped to the floor , and I didn 't waste a minute before lashing out with my fists .
tr	NN	the policeman interrupted , while continuing to write .
tr	NN	However , human folly prevails and some of the most appealing locations are on plate boundaries -- that 's where major settlements have occurred in the past .
tr	NNS	" Things are very seldom what they seem .
tr	NN	The original coven did ; remember , Black John was only one of the leaders .
tr	NN	Without the program , the freighter would land them at Colony .
tr	NNS	Skulls spotted them and shouted , " Run mother fuckers !
tr	NN	The TV was already on in the living room and was showing day time talk shows .
tr	NN	Death and destruction all around on a regular basis , and she rode out every storm as if she 'd been born for it .
tr	NNS	The trails , however , are rough ruts through the jungle so the going had been slow .
tr	NNS	Macabre puppets sent to do their master 's bidding .
tr	NN	The reward is real .
tr	NNS	Then the gunmen came in and took us outside .
tr	NNS	At last the judgments got under way .
tr	NNS	" You know the place we have in Naples , there are quite a few alligators , especially on the golf course around the water .
tr	NNS	Perhaps the worries now floating through his thoughts were for naught .
tr	NN	My pulse beat a steady staccato in my ears .
tr	NNS	And his instincts told him this was no ordinary storm .
tr	NNS	Agents 2 and 3 yanked out every USB stick offering mobile broadband from each laptop and snatched every phone and tablet spread across the ping pong table .
tr	NNS	Compared to today 's situation , previous visits were peanuts .
tr	NN	Over these past few years , their organization has become more and more secretive .
tr	NNS	His cousins had likely played a practical joke on him anyway .
tr	NN	The gleam in his eye seemed to say he was trying to rile her , but she was worried .
tr	NNS	Bugs scattered briefly , before rejoining again .
tr	NN	The gold coin fell spinning to the ground .
tr	NN	The brunette stood and moved to the front picture window .
tr	NN	Burgundy paint glistened around his wounds .
tr	NNS	Screams filled the airwaves then ; voices yelling that something was rising from the deep .
tr	NN	Thick , hard , and ten kinds of fantastic were all I knew the second Simon pressed inside me .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of her distracted him .
tr	NNS	Few patrons are sitting in the restaurant this time of day , too late for breakfast and too early for lunch .
tr	NN	Suddenly , the doorknob jiggled and distracted me from my reading .
tr	NNS	The saints watched over the villages like angels protecting its citizens from evil .
tr	NN	There was no explanation of the symbol .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately the programs weren 't very diverting , and he watched her , instead , so she turned the set off again .
tr	NNS	Thoughts like that would freeze him up and make him useless to her .
tr	NN	The fragrance of flowers and green things , of living things and breathing soil , was everywhere .
tr	NN	An owl , like the owl she had seen nesting in the belfry of the church .
tr	NNS	" And your companions are humans ? "
tr	NN	Its display panel gives off a very faint red glow , so dim I can barely see it .
tr	NNS	" Let 's finish preparations for a Vortex jump then .
tr	NNS	Our birthdays were three weeks apart .
tr	NNS	The bigger chains wouldn 't bat an eye at someone staying in their room for a week straight .
tr	NNS	Maris wound her arms around his neck and opened her mouth to him as he deepened the kiss , slanting his head for better contact .
tr	NNS	Beyond the trees , hills rode up into the paleness of a moonlit winter 's night .
tr	NNS	' There 's only two cameras on that side , and I 'm not sure the other is working . '
tr	NN	There , in the midst of pandemonium outside the circle , her red mane cascading over her shoulders stood Sofie .
tr	NNS	Iron bars run across the windows and the heavy black front door is a mouth ready to swallow kids whole .
tr	NN	A small lamp provided just enough light to see a large man clearing stone away from a hole in the wall .
tr	NNS	In the musical box , over the busily spinning gears , two wooden dancers jerked around in a parody of a waltz .
tr	NNS	" No ' buts ' , Mallory .
tr	NNS	A few flakes of ice crystallized on the windowsill nearest me , and hurriedly I floated higher , closer to the ceiling .
tr	NN	His tearing eyes flutter open as I enter the room .
tr	NNS	The servants had only brought dragon lilies .
tr	NN	The gauze soaked red with blood from his ruined fist .
tr	NNS	Moses did not know if the hug meant that she was going to stay ; he did not want to know just yet .
tr	NNS	Things started to change around him .
tr	NN	The mass of bodies eagerly thirsting for my blood were impossible to get through .
tr	NN	Sally 's murderer got away on a technicality .
tr	NN	The justice of the peace stands between them , and my grandparents move front and center , all but wrinkling their noses .
tr	NN	But the taunting continued .
tr	NNS	" And their minds do not work .
tr	NN	Come to think of it , the captain hadn 't really changed at all .
tr	NNS	Tearing open the cartridge of black powder with his teeth , a few grains like sand bitter on his tongue .
tr	NN	Alexia 's parasol whipped out to deliver a crushing blow , only to be deflected by a knife .
tr	NN	A beautiful , sneaky little tyrant with a sweet voice , enchanting smile , and quite the most delectable little body he had seen in ages .
tr	NN	If that 's the best your combat troops can do , your sulphur pit 's the safest place for you !
tr	NN	Still laughing and shaking her head , Adam 's grandmother popped another cookie in her mouth .
tr	NNS	The garage sale items she 'd been using were still serviceable , but they looked like they 'd been owned by about five other people before her .
tr	NN	The priest spoke a eulogy , but Helena couldn 't make out the words .
tr	NNS	Both statements were true , though the second wasn 't the cause of the first .
tr	NN	Paul 's crimson aura rippled along its edge , vibrated outward for a second and then contracted again .
tr	NNS	" As far as I know , zombies don 't explode when they 're shot . "
tr	NN	Oliver 's face actual y paled at my words .
tr	NN	His lack of enthusiasm in the face of her wonder did little to bring her down .
tr	NNS	" My lower extremities are fine . "
tr	NN	As she talked , Carey calmly and deftly took the stopper from the ceramic pot that served as the flame 's reservoir .
tr	NN	The captain and his wife eyed them hungrily .
tr	NN	His usual technique of ordering booze was to look as busy as possible whilst ordering his drink .
tr	NNS	Now the cats had disappeared .
tr	NNS	Bugs looked to his right and left as his fellow actors fought back giggles .
tr	NN	Lillian 's shriek startled and surprised them .
tr	NN	Flies zipped about , the warm stagnant marsh a perfect nursery for larvae .
tr	NN	The commander of the Hunters greeted him with an impatient look .
tr	NNS	Like you said , the accommodations in little glass jars are less roomy than pods . "
tr	NNS	The Werewolf cells you 're talking about are pure and perfect cells used to make muscle tissue or fibroblasts or ... " " What are fibroblasts ? "
tr	NN	Usual y I did what I always did - fol owed the routine , did what made sense .
tr	NN	The toaster and blender still worked .
tr	NNS	The goblins stopped short .
tr	NNS	Reyes listened with hard blue eyes , then huffed a sigh .
tr	NN	Then there was a loud thud .
tr	NNS	The marbles stopped when we did , and now hang a few inches short of the black panel on our left .
tr	NNS	The bastard 's sandals would fit her just fine .
tr	NN	An easy exchange in light of the nightmares Nemo suffered since the incident at Bedlam .
tr	NNS	you said , there 's a restaurant downstairs . "
tr	NN	The city was so big , there was no direct route to the castle .
tr	NNS	The members of the Assembly were sitting at their desks and facing the rostrum .
tr	NN	Because of this , the neighbourhood was highly populated .
tr	NNS	The zombies burst through the door behind them .
tr	NNS	There were a dozen stalls but all were empty except for four , which had mounds of straw on the floor and full water buckets .
tr	NNS	The individual lands are in an enlightened and experimental period where continents rich in electric current are discovering magic reverberations and vise versa .
tr	NN	Just then the deputy entered the living room and explained he was done and was leaving .
tr	NN	" Well , if you want to play for Alabama , you ' l have to do what they say .
tr	NNS	Intravenous fluids , along with two antibiotics , ran into a central line .
tr	NNS	" Ah yes , there are many species who lapse into madness if they cannot dream .
tr	NN	The lust of watching his own wife 's death made him consider something she said .
tr	NN	An icon blinked on the screen , showing the needed assembly point .
tr	NNS	" There are no bars on Ajax 's windows at the REX .
tr	NNS	Across the world , there were twelve signs , more or less .
tr	NNS	A moment later , his eyelids were too heavy to hold open .
tr	NN	A plant attacked by a pest evolves a pesticide in its leaves .
tr	NNS	As her struggling decreased , more and more strands freed themselves from the chair and weaved their way through her warm body .
tr	NN	the rogue asked and glared at me .
tr	NNS	The seas and winds were both mild and the captains agreed they could just hold their positions until morning light .
tr	NN	" Well , across the fence there is a strange yard .
tr	NN	Just as quickly , the cramping stopped and the pain disappeared .
tr	NN	The knife fighter stabbed at her unprotected side .
tr	NNS	Rufus shrugged his shoulders .
tr	NNS	The materials for my next meeting aren 't ready , apparently .
tr	NN	A lone teardrop fell , landing softly on his face .
tr	NNS	Julienne writhed , her fingernails digging into his arm , marking him on the outside as she 'd marked him on the inside .
tr	NNS	More colourful flags hung low from the large tall trees that were spaced evenly on either side .
tr	NNS	His head drops and his hands come up to press against his head .
tr	NNS	" Where are the wolves ? "
tr	NNS	Things are different now . "
tr	NN	Her sudden lack of clothing was just one more mystery cast aside as unimportant and not worth her attention .
tr	NN	The bullet went straight through my arm until landing in the plaster of the wall .
tr	NN	" A tasty reptile crisis . "
tr	NN	His throaty rumbling started deep in his chest .
tr	NNS	All around me the greens are greener .
tr	NNS	The courts are aware of your fine standing in the community and the reverend Jeffers was also more than willing to comply .
tr	NN	Carrot " s boot struck something metallic .
tr	NN	The restoration of the boats proceeded without incident .
tr	NN	The powder must have eaten through Bellamy 's suit and set to work on his leg .
tr	NNS	Thick wisps of smoke were tracking along the carpet and around the sides , curling up and starting to fill through the hall .
tr	NN	My first slice was still sitting abandoned on a paper plate next to me .
tr	NN	Before Rick had time to decide whether to retreat or hold his ground , a black boot emerged from the hatch and stepped onto the top rung .
tr	NN	Reef 's whistle calls us off .
tr	NNS	Their tongues tangled hotly .
tr	NN	Even the sheriff is nice .
tr	NN	" Leona 's birthday was yesterday . "
tr	NNS	The seats were warm and I snuggled up against the seat .
tr	NNS	Gramps says you have a ton of big colleges who want you .
tr	NNS	There were shouts and grunts coupled with stupid laughter , a loud banging of bats and metal , signs of oncoming thugs .
tr	NN	There was a wisp of a smile on her face , as if she was keeping a delicious secret .
tr	NN	There is no soil , and infrequent sunlight . "
tr	NN	The video blurred for a moment .
tr	NN	And this notion went far beyond reunion on a molecular level , of energy never dying , and so on .
tr	NNS	When this finally sank in , his shyness burned away .
tr	NNS	The orbital dynamics made the trip safer and shorter the earlier you left , so why wait for no reason just to make the trip take longer ?
tr	NNS	Their uniforms were black and on their head they wore hats with visors .
tr	NNS	Words wouldn 't help .
tr	NN	" Well , when will your supplier deliver next ? "
tr	NN	Primitive female instinct alone guided her .
tr	NN	The punk doubled over in pain .
tr	NN	The pit in my stomach was growing deeper with every second .
tr	NNS	Images of rotting flesh and the slithering dark things of the world held him in place .
tr	NNS	Big boobs are not enough to compensate for being short and plain .
tr	NNS	" Things change . "
tr	NNS	The images in Claire 's head of costumes for couples made me laugh .
tr	NN	Had an injury like this been the origin of her father 's suffering ?
tr	NN	His spit got on me , then some of his blood , and it burned me .
tr	NN	The first bullet caught him in the upper shoulder .
tr	NN	The photograph , Reacher thought .
tr	NN	This routine is our most important of the year . "
tr	NNS	Twenty yards away on either side , a thousand rats were looking at Bond .
tr	NNS	" There are seats , but they were purchased in bulk . "
tr	NN	Their exchange ended there , as the War Chief raised his hand in greeting and they stopped in front of him .
tr	NN	There was a carving above it , but it had crumbled away to only show the bare stone beneath .
tr	NNS	Perhaps the Capitol 's leaders thought that , without help , 13 would die off on its own .
tr	NN	Her aching body was galvanized by the purring rumble of his voice , a seductive timbre that even cellular reception couldn 't diminish .
tr	NN	Mage 's challenge just might stay his hand .
tr	NNS	The minds of the Twelve withdrew from him slightly , with a palpable sense of apology .
tr	NN	The Tides ' territory is shaped like an hourglass , narrower in the middle , broader at its poles .
tr	NN	" Luckily , I caught him before he could get too far , " continued the policeman .
tr	NNS	Everyone drinks noisily , exhales noisily .
tr	NNS	Then the forests had been burning with the brightest color in thirty years .
tr	NN	A bullet hit her in the back .
tr	NNS	The cradling tentacles shifted , but he still saw only blue haze an ... an ... Nothing else was certain .
tr	NNS	On a shelf were some souvenir caps .
tr	NN	The raven inspected the hallway clock with the practised eye of one who knows the value of good props .
tr	NN	A drowsy giggle escaped her even as she snuggled against the inviting warmth of Damen 's chest .
tr	NNS	The zombies just stood there , indifferent to all but what was expected of them .
tr	NNS	Vampire bites don 't hurt , in fact they feel good .
tr	NNS	Hopefully my actions would circumvent that happening .
tr	NNS	My father 's efforts to get Mike to interact with his PhD students used pretty much the same method , with an identical result .
tr	NNS	The roads are lousy , and I have a spare bedroom . "
tr	NNS	" Your cells have completely stabilized .
tr	NNS	All your smart ideas just muddy up the clarity . "
tr	NN	But must not even a madman rely on his own mind , his own experience , rather than that of others ?
tr	NN	A small , almost miniscule prickle of relief nudged at the back of my neck .
tr	NNS	Their leaders had known their land .
tr	NNS	Lots of critters called White Oak Hill their home , including fisher cats , coyotes , foxes , and deer .
tr	NN	There was a soft click as the call ended .
tr	NN	Finally , my dizziness wore off and I could see more clearly .
tr	NN	The dog 's low growls barely made any noise .
tr	NNS	Where had my summers gone ?
tr	NN	The sage spoke with an internal vibration to his voice , " State your name . "
tr	NN	As I enter , a boot shoots out and catches me on me rump and knocks me down .
tr	NNS	Britney bows and blows kisses .
tr	NN	The writing on it was Hebrew , and the demon recognized it instantly .
tr	NNS	Romulus yelped , and his eyes flickered back to their usual hue .
tr	NNS	" The authorities were searching blind before .
tr	NN	The hunger wouldn 't change .
tr	NNS	Beer signs and old advertisements littered the walls .
tr	NN	A corner floor lamp , old-fashioned brass , gave a soft , agreeable light .
tr	NNS	Looks like they don ´ t get along .
tr	NN	The spark flickered , and then twisted in the air and grew , swirling and morphing .
tr	NNS	Beyond that in all directions were high peaks that we couldn 't see beyond .
tr	NNS	Our experiences were just different .
tr	NN	Its air conditioning was the best . "
tr	NN	With a shout that echoed around the stunned square , the captain folded to the stone , cradling his belly .
tr	NN	" Even the fur doesn 't help sometimes . "
tr	NN	" How the hell does that bitch kill me ?
tr	NNS	" Yeah , " Valerie said , " most fathers want their sons to follow in their footsteps . "
tr	NNS	His ideas , often times were completely off mark .
tr	NNS	Looks like I 'm going to have to wait for Julia 's email after all .
tr	NNS	Others simply believed that it was the right thing to do .
tr	NN	The werewolf tossed the stalker on my lawn and dashed to the house .
tr	NN	Will my grandmother buy me things too ? "
tr	NNS	Constant losses and flight from other groups eventually drove them to a small stronghold on the edge of a land called the Dry .
tr	NNS	The dwarves rushed in as the goblins rushed her .
tr	NNS	These creatures did not know the meaning of fear .
tr	NN	The plow obviously hadn 't been by , but then it never got to Slater Street till nearly noon .
tr	NNS	Tris stands so still , her hands dangling limply , turning red with the flush of her blood .
tr	NNS	There weren 't any emotional stakes .
tr	NNS	To protect themselves against further overcrowding and food shortages , the governments of Earth started enforcing strict childbirth laws .
tr	NNS	Lying on the altar tables , the dwarves shuddered .
tr	NNS	" There 're two seats in the cart .
tr	NNS	His tales were entertaining if nothing else .
tr	NNS	The party members hid as Luster dragged the cart bearing Flynn 's body to the cathedral .
tr	NNS	A few drops of ale poured out of it .
tr	NNS	Our efforts were futile , which is why I turned to you .
tr	NN	The beating of her heart slowed only a fraction as the candle sprang to life .
tr	NN	Part of the carpet and one of her chairs had caught on fire .
tr	NN	" Our hunt begins , then . "
tr	NN	" What 's her specialty ?
tr	NNS	Things you don 't understand .
tr	NN	The first sob ripped through her , followed closely by another .
tr	NNS	The werewolves started to change and it went in a huge ripple .
tr	NNS	" Where do ghosts go when you use the mirror to trap them ? "
tr	NNS	The two couples had been friends .
tr	NNS	The emptiness was still there , but the ache didn 't cut half as deep .
tr	NN	" Well , there 's roast beef for sandwiches and fresh potato salad if you need anything . "
tr	NNS	Things were spiraling out of control , especially if her dream had any truth to it .
tr	NNS	As dusk approached , fireworks lit up the skies .
tr	NN	All manner of disasters , inventions , and medical miracles weighed down upon the mind of the ordinary man .
tr	NN	She stared out across the water , her misery painted so clearly on her face that I could feel it .
tr	NNS	The invaders have been extremely diligent with their patrols , and our ships have had to turn back and flee on several occasions .
tr	NN	His lust for dominion knows no bounds .
tr	NNS	Their caresses hadn 't excited her or made her long for more than kisses .
tr	NN	The empty tank next to hers shifted slightly , and she heard Bastian drop down inside .
tr	NN	Such a condition was unheard of in Old Timers .
tr	NN	His absence is an emptiness in my soul . "
tr	NNS	Things would 've been better all around if Stacy had followed through and undertaken this endeavor with him .
tr	NNS	No , those types of thoughts wouldn 't calm him down .
tr	NN	But with each mile closer to the cottage , my dread grew deeper .
tr	NN	There 's no proof Jenna killed anybody . "
tr	NN	There was a plaque just above the door that read : " Loyalty and Honor .
tr	NN	My hysteria is threatening to break me and I want to scream until my lungs collapse .
tr	NNS	Their abilities were similar to your friend Sawyer 's - preternatural night vision and hearing , lightning-fast reflexes .
tr	NNS	Those lies were what made it so hard to pay attention .
tr	NN	The aura of love and contentment that surrounded them was harder to take in concentrated doses , with no one else around to dilute it .
tr	NNS	Things get sketchy and I have to bail .
tr	NNS	There were writings about ' strange metals ' that they used .
tr	NN	" Let , s say you don , t need any vitamins through that IV . "
tr	NN	The city government backed them with food stores , at Tia 's suggestion .
tr	NN	The duel will end when it has devoured one of you . "
tr	NNS	His actions only fuelled her anger .
tr	NN	Heavy cream , heavy sugar , just the way you like it . "
tr	NN	Light applause filled the Grand Hall as our most senior staff member gave a small wave .
tr	NN	Its veil of false feelings was no longer necessary .
tr	NNS	" The zombies think they 're dead , and so does everyone else . "
tr	NNS	Ty 's thrusts into Zane 's mouth turned short and quick and hard as he began to shudder .
tr	NNS	There were creatures feasting over some prey they have hunted .
tr	NN	The map zoomed in , and I averted my eyes .
tr	NNS	I cried into his chest while he held me , my sobs began to grow louder and uncontrolled .
tr	NNS	Its obnoxious contents oozed into the sea .
tr	NN	I ' l take the other . "
tr	NN	" If this one is a guy and those were girls , there 's likely no tie . "
tr	NNS	All indications pointed to an orderly , analytical mind .
tr	NN	A brightly colored woven rug anchored a solid coffee table .
tr	NN	" The challenge will be keeping them lit ! "
tr	NNS	Now Ellie 's brain cells were alive and firing .
tr	NN	Their first commercial success is , of course , " Necromancy for the Greater Good . "
tr	NNS	Others say these rifts are not their fault , but with some coaxing have agreed to do what they can .
tr	NN	The headmaster would have told him to just take his whipping .
tr	NN	The sentiment was slightly chauvinistic , but it was still sweet .
tr	NNS	My instincts were screaming that going outside was a bad idea , but my curiosity was peaked .
tr	NNS	So her fears weren 't unfounded .
tr	NNS	There were seven rows of seats , each row with seven seats , total of forty-nine .
tr	NNS	All the warning signs are there .
tr	NNS	Tall tales of werewolves ran rampant for generations in Legend 's Run .
tr	NNS	Rich crimson velvet drapes covered the windows and oil paintings of the English countryside covered the walls .
tr	NNS	Eight stumbles , falls , and Five takes flight .
tr	NNS	I brought her to my chest , her sobs rattling my foundation .
tr	NN	Conventional wisdom suggested that a magnetic pulse powerful enough could disable all vehicles with a microprocessor , electronic wiring , or computer parts .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids flickered and she opened them sleepily , trying to focus on what she saw .
tr	NNS	My station was set up just outside her doors , making me the last barrier visitors faced before they had an audience with her .
tr	NNS	The winds picked up , and the tin roof on the back porch began to gently rattle .
tr	NNS	The bold claims carried an insult deep into Honeywell that she longed to confront , but lacked the nerve to do so .
tr	NNS	Things happen for a reason , and a woman could find herself stranded in worse places .
tr	NNS	Low , warning growls rumbled in his throat as she fought him .
tr	NNS	His wolves are aging , more than likely .
tr	NNS	There are no second chances or room for mistakes .
tr	NNS	" There are sprites in your closet ? "
tr	NNS	Others probably opted for no doctor intervention at all .
tr	NNS	Then my eyelids popped open .
tr	NN	Gavin and phil measure from the pencil mark to the next door post .
tr	NNS	Her polite suggestions remained so for almost a full minute and a half before they became commands , and then everything was back to normal again .
tr	NN	His attire was appropriate for the occasion , complete with elegantly knotted cream silk tie at his throat .
tr	NN	" My new CD player 's gon na be ruined . "
tr	NN	Jazz fumbled her own out , but didn 't like the way her hand was shaking .
tr	NN	My therapist thinks it will be a turning point for me to go ahead and get married now instead of waiting solely because of my size .
tr	NN	His supervisor , a Mister Forsythe , came to our house to inquire of his whereabouts . "
tr	NNS	Reyes was about to tell her they could leave anytime she wanted , but she suddenly murmured , " No , oh no . "
tr	NNS	Flames lick the ceiling of the cavern .
tr	NN	The bullet must have gone through the cigarette case and then through the other half of the book .
tr	NN	But not dwelling on Samson meant focusing on Chase .
tr	NNS	Things didn 't go well after that .
tr	NNS	Cars get bigger every year , and most Americans too .
tr	NN	" A gentleman halted me in the street and requested that I give you this gift . "
tr	NNS	Eventually even our minds had to rest .
tr	NNS	Things wouldn 't be same anymore .
tr	NN	Its fur was completely black , although for some reason it seemed to have a faint reddish tinge to it .
tr	NNS	Myles returned to his desk and called Vivian 's house .
tr	NNS	No objections accepted ! "
tr	NN	Her grandma shook her head as she moved into the living room , shooing Chris 's feet off of the coffee table .
tr	NN	A predatory gleam flashed in his eyes , and warning prickles marched down Stacy 's spine .
tr	NN	The explorers did not cry .
tr	NN	You must listen , " the crone said .
tr	NNS	A dozen black chains sprang out from behind , writhing like tentacles .
tr	NNS	Flames spread across the ground and I darted around the blaze .
tr	NN	But still , her pulse hums through me .
tr	NN	" Wolf ... " A sliver of pleading pierced her tone as his words in her dream were uttered in real life .
tr	NN	Opening the classroom door , the principal says hello to the teacher and her class .
tr	NNS	The three passengers braced themselves for the impact .
tr	NN	The bearded hunter wondered how skilled with the blade the islander was .
tr	NN	" By paranormal means ? "
tr	NN	The celebration of the Holy Family was also a reflection on the good virtues of families and to reinforce their values in the minds of the citizens .
tr	NN	" My therapist said I put you in danger . "
tr	NNS	Rawlings wanted to help him .
tr	NN	The prison tormented her .
tr	NNS	Elias studied the cave entrance through his dark glasses .
tr	NN	Of course , melting always took time .
tr	NN	The leader must have understood Rick 's intention .
tr	NNS	The black tigers laughed and even the band of the fox laughed as well , but in a rather sarcastic manner .
tr	NNS	" So their followers don 't contribute with some stipend ? "
tr	NNS	There were a few travelers eating their supper , but most were locals sitting for a drink .
tr	NN	The robe gapped open revealing a flash of thigh .
tr	NNS	The tales she spun in her head would make a bard look boring .
tr	NN	There was no applause .
tr	NN	A customs agent will be here momentarily .
tr	NN	' Let your man take his place and his life will be spared , the peace treaty honoured , ' called the envoy .
tr	NN	Chance leaned forward on his knees , flicking ashes past the porch to the dirt .
tr	NN	The weirdly bright core contrasted with its black and brown vestments .
tr	NNS	The dull edges of the snow-capped mountains in the distance were sharp and distinct .
tr	NN	Part of why he 's a successful merchant , I guess .
tr	NN	Before 1917 the tsar was a fairly inept leader who didn 't necessarily care if his police killed civilians .
tr	NNS	The humanoid races might seem merely to have converged to a common form without actually having been related at all .
tr	NN	The probe slid forward , adjusted position delicately , touched the button .
tr	NNS	Starving villagers burned out of their homes by renegade rebels needed relief .
tr	NNS	Her movements were quick , practiced .
tr	NN	Guy 's secretary put me through to him immediately .
tr	NNS	Kids as we were , the few months we had been together had been the most precious and I would miss our moments together .
tr	NN	Neither option strikes a note I want to hear .
tr	NN	" Cosmetic surgery has simply made great advances .
tr	NNS	Dragons had vanished more than a millennium ago according to historical tomes .
tr	NN	The young gentleman smiles and bows his skull at the princess .
tr	NNS	The edges of my boots hit the wall of fire .
tr	NNS	Screams of pain permeated the air as dozens of patients were being administered even as Halen frantically looked around for a place to put his friend down .
tr	NN	Brian 's probation hanging over his head like a scythe .
tr	NNS	Dogs barked menacingly as they passed , and some scuttled in fright from the twins ' path .
tr	NN	The sob broke over her , and she buried herself in the safe haven of Granddaddy 's T-shirt .
tr	NN	Bayard 's former master took him by the collar and drug him back to the sleazy inn where he was staying .
tr	NNS	No ferns or bushes or seedlings , not even the normal y ever-present creepers and weeds .
tr	NNS	My apologies are sincere for mon peers slothful nature . "
tr	NN	The cord from my iPod snagged the angel 's head , yanking the buds from my ears -- the iPod went flying from my hand .
tr	NN	Part of your body you cannot control .
tr	NNS	Maybe the ladies will scare some sense into him . "
tr	NNS	There were old buildings left and right , modernized on the ground floors , ancient above .
tr	NNS	There were really only two directions : up and down .
tr	NN	The challenge was to find appropriate gifts for everyone else .
tr	NNS	Colored by wild poppy flowers , the hills were bright and colorful and seemed to literally radiate golden .
tr	NNS	The lions retreated to a nearby termite heap , their bellies still empty and sagging below their ribs .
tr	NNS	What a pompous ass !
tr	NN	The publisher was a small press called Furst and Sons .
tr	NN	So there is no sacrifice . "
tr	NNS	Immediately the thousands below started screaming , awestruck .
tr	NNS	Over the sirens and the strobe lights their unit leaders were yelling , " Go , go , go ! "
tr	NNS	There were no resort hotels for rich Americans here , just long stretches of empty roads and bad men with guns .
tr	NNS	Parts of Monaco rocked late into the night .
tr	NNS	These prisoners were laid horizontally , left wrists stretched towards the Bone King 's entrapped body .
tr	NN	" I think you are wrong , partner Elijah .
tr	NNS	There were five pairs of shoes with varying heel heights standing at attention in a perfect line facing the closet door .
tr	NNS	The fairies split into three groups and launched their attack .
tr	NN	" Love 's always scary . "
tr	NNS	" The servants have buried the body . "
tr	NN	Manny 's goal was the boost he needed .
tr	NNS	Lots , " Ruth said , unnerved by the question .
tr	NNS	* * * I woke up , heart pounding and throat burning .
tr	NNS	St. John 's nostrils flared , and he leapt to his feet .
tr	NNS	What were the chances of there being another girl who looked like Teagan and had the same name ?
tr	NN	The resolve I feared lost for good rises once more .
tr	NNS	" Where are your companions ? "
tr	NNS	Aurelius is hinting that I should just forgive everybody and forget the past .
tr	NNS	There were three cases sitting there .
tr	NNS	Huntress said something to her bow and then shot Jack in the shoulder with an arrow .
tr	NN	Love isn 't real .
tr	NN	While Riley gained little pleasure from her new tribe , the environment of the Plains was a different matter .
tr	NN	Now the blush had returned but it was marred with embarrassment .
tr	NNS	There were several associates in this meeting sitting in a row of chairs against the wall opposite the large windows .
tr	NNS	And once the procedure is established , those figures will triple .
tr	NN	The sunshine and even the ridiculous cheesiness of dates and flirting even though normally I couldn 't stand it .
tr	NNS	Others joined in , tearing at their garments .
tr	NN	The candlelight flickers over his features ; Rebecca believes that she glimpses the demons living in his young soul .
tr	NN	The Rescue of the Lost Souls at All Souls Day Page 62 17 .
tr	NNS	As a man trying to break in , however , those changes raised the stakes in what was already a rather delicate game .
tr	NN	The inspector nodded as if giving himself permission to continue .
tr	NN	Reality encompasses everything , even the word .
tr	NNS	Orders to cover up whatever happened to Ben made the whole thing real .
tr	NN	The cloaked figure leapt from the tree , dropping to the ground as a black blur .
tr	NNS	" What are my abilities going to be ? "
tr	NN	The mesh network has paths into everything .
tr	NN	Gabby 's pulse throbbed in her neck ; she could feel it .
tr	NN	The only interruption during their dinner was a call from James 's mom .
tr	NN	Eventually , the plantation trees too .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of that last night in Charleston fueled my panic .
tr	NN	How is our international status ? "
tr	NNS	She knew the forest better than anyone , knew the signs of danger .
tr	NN	Her body ached , her core went damp with need .
tr	NN	In contrast , her lab partner -- I thought her name was Nell -- sat quite still .
tr	NNS	The frigid temperatures dictated we 'd be doing something indoors .
tr	NNS	The footsteps suddenly ceased , and Neil got the feeling that the person , or thing , had become aware of him .
tr	NN	The sheriff switched on a powerful flashlight beam and led Case and Scores toward a stand of persimmon trees .
tr	NNS	Behind them , two taller figures who looked like brothers dragged along a third man , his arms slung over their shoulders .
tr	NN	In the early morning , while she was feeding her troop , the dawn seemed ready to give birth to a new inspirational day .
tr	NNS	Her movements were steady and fluid , but she spoke so fast I could hardly keep up .
tr	NN	A roar of approval went up , and there was general cheering .
tr	NN	The lamb fell apart in my mouth , the rich spices making my tongue dance .
tr	NN	The teacher wrote something else in her notes .
tr	NN	The clothing clung to his skin , weapons of all kinds covered his body .
tr	NN	" A goddess can hope , at least . "
tr	NNS	The colors burst in layers , a skyward delicacy that never failed to steal my breath .
tr	NNS	The rats were still following Jack 's music .
tr	NN	Outside , the French countryside continued to stream past us .
tr	NN	Dark wood paneling and bright mahogany furniture heightened her feelings of control .
tr	NNS	Then two loud thuds rattled our front door .
tr	NN	A weasel would have been afraid to try , I expect , now Mother is a lord admiral .
tr	NNS	Shadowhunters almost never fire arrows from an entrenched stable position , like someone defending a castle from a siege .
tr	NNS	My mom presses a button on the car 's dashboard and one of the two garage doors opens .
tr	NN	A roar escaped him ; he completely lost his hold on me as he beat at the small flame against his neck .
tr	NN	The delicate kitten sits in a cage with a white rat .
tr	NNS	Strong wisps arrived to say Arjuna 's swing was a thing to cherish .
tr	NNS	Funny how a few modern appliances and some new furniture had changed a drafty old castle into a comfortable home .
tr	NNS	The security cameras caught it all .
tr	NN	A carpet , yes , but with Jane 's body rolled inside it .
tr	NN	The cafeteria we had our snacks at was ' Sam 's Lobelia . '
tr	NN	Maybe his sperm was of the magical horse and giant variety instead of carrying the usual x or y chromosome . "
tr	NN	The van pulled up to the gate and the horn sounded quite loud in the morning stillness .
tr	NN	One rider moved undaunted through the crowd .
tr	NN	The thief sensed both a repressed danger and air of power about him .
tr	NN	The last folk who came through here dressed as strange as you two brought the night hunters with ' em .
tr	NNS	After all , proper young misses didn 't barrel up to men they don 't know and announce that they 'd been in her dream .
tr	NN	A footman swung the carriage door closed and leapt up behind .
tr	NNS	27 Zach walked to what he considered to be a safe distance and looked at the ticket .
tr	NNS	There were five trails at the resort , and he 'd skied them all .
tr	NNS	Things haven 't changed much since the last time you were here . "
tr	NN	The language was the same that he had heard , but not understood , earlier in the desert .
tr	NN	There 's a tray with silver covers over various dishes .
tr	NN	t feel anything for me and you 're not there yet .
tr	NN	" Shut up , " Link snapped .
tr	NN	The ensuing close combat had them rolling around the floor , each landing blows that would normally incapacitate their opponent with ease .
tr	NNS	But in an instant the wet spikes resolved into dry curls , and the face became a little less angular .
tr	NNS	The depths of her nature roiled with currents he longed to explore , yet he could never reach them .
tr	NNS	The grotesque tiny worms in a putrid ball , wiggling in a feeding frenzy , consuming blood and human flesh .
tr	NNS	The small , brick cottages , each with a lush garden , looked like something out of a fairytale book .
tr	NNS	My carts are for transporting citizens , not soldiers . "
tr	NNS	" Yes , Denny , her paintings are on display there , and I want to see them . "
tr	NNS	Rats would surround the city in a few hours , fueled by the Bane 's hatred .
tr	NN	My demon guardian began closing the gap between him and Caden , arm outstretched , his long fingers stretching forward like deadly tentacles .
tr	NNS	The bone had sliced through his skin , the edges jagged , chips missing .
tr	NN	Our only option might be to play its game . "
tr	NNS	My minds starts to drift , remembering the way he would touch me , kiss me , his smell , his laugh ... his infectious laugh .
tr	NNS	My boobs have turned to stone and are crying out for Emma ! "
tr	NNS	Animals lay dead everywhere .
tr	NN	The whole operation has taken only ten minutes .
tr	NN	The stroll through downtown Biloxi had been Nicholas ' idea , one he 'd put in a letter to the Judge on Monday .
tr	NNS	Chapter 7 It was the time of day when the heat was so heavy the insects did not move .
tr	NNS	Powerful currents tore past the pontoon , threatening to break it off .
tr	NN	Within minutes , the photo session was over , and Colleen rose from the stool , handed the photographer a check , and shook his hand .
tr	NNS	Things hadn 't always been like this .
tr	NN	On the far side of the island in the lee of the wind , there was an overhanging ledge which created several small caves .
tr	NN	' No , sweetie , but we 'll wait with you until she gets here , okay ? '
tr	NN	All those short-lived dreams .
tr	NN	The way Ainsley mentioned her regret in not meeting her mother did something to his heart .
tr	NNS	Somehow , ninety degrees in New York is different from ninety degrees here . "
tr	NNS	The final designs I had yet to finish glared at me through the computer screen .
tr	NN	Such a delightful drink .
tr	NN	The policeman would undoubtedly find him there , or anywhere on that site , so he needed a plan .
tr	NN	Her goal was for Prim to become one of the most respectable and high-powered magazine companies around .
tr	NNS	Something Rawlings definitely had loads of , unless he had gambled away his entire fortune , which was highly unlikely .
tr	NNS	Their stomachs turned as they quickly moved towards the rear of the warehouse .
tr	NN	" This particular unit is capable of producing 125 megawatts per hour , Christy . "
tr	NN	A large hunk of bark was missing from the trunk .
tr	NN	A rope keeps you and the canoe together .
tr	NN	Your crossing was quicker than I 've ever heard a ship -- even a Danish one -- make the journey . "
tr	NN	" My grandmother is in there , finishing up dinner . "
tr	NN	The adrenaline in her blood would heighten the experience , give him a rush of feeling so that he would always retain this moment .
tr	NN	" What 's wrong sea cucumber ?
tr	NNS	While Tre 's body shook , monitors cried out for someone to help .
tr	NNS	" Almost ... almost ... gone ! "
tr	NNS	Any legends amongst your people ? "
tr	NN	This miracle filled her with joy , and she renewed her faith in the higher power that was surely looking after her .
tr	NN	Under her picture , the poster read : " This girl is lost in the Shining City .
tr	NN	" Play on a Norm team , " I say before thinking .
tr	NNS	Looks like it 's finally going to come in handy .
tr	NNS	There were daggers all around !
tr	NNS	" Yes , " the countess answered slowly .
tr	NN	The next day Altair went out into the village where he began not simply to preach the way of the Assassins but to demonstrate it .
tr	NNS	In the harsh desert , all the swarms should have shriveled up and died of " old age " many days ago .
tr	NNS	Hephaestus will love you - " " Not the way I want to be loved . "
tr	NN	Our theory is that the CI 's cover got blown somehow , and then both he and our agent ended up murdered . "
tr	NN	* * * Gideon 's email had been waiting for them when they 'd returned to the house a short time later .
tr	NNS	Romulus spun around holding out his king of spades playing card at chest level .
tr	NNS	The ladies understood , and they spend the night in tender love making until the early morning .
tr	NNS	Things are not working out between Keith and me .
tr	NN	In the distance , the small red dwarf shone its rays onto a dull , gunmetal coloured world .
tr	NNS	I mean , pregnancy tests can give a false positive , right ? "
tr	NN	As the band continued to play , the mosh pit swarmed the stage .
tr	NN	A trickle of bubbles continued to come from the open oven .
tr	NN	There 's no panel of blue light .
tr	NNS	There were rows and rows of paintings .
tr	NNS	Curious how sometimes it is a simple thing that triggers our grief again .
tr	NNS	The only seats we could get were economy , so we are seated at the back of the plane by the window .
tr	NNS	Chess could hear , but he couldn 't see .
tr	NNS	A few burns and bruises won 't keep a wolf down . "
tr	NNS	Cassius was lying in the tall grass .
tr	NN	The transmitter 's on .
tr	NN	The dragon had lain down and deposited its long , heavy head across them .
tr	NN	But there was also that ugly black bruise on her cheek .
tr	NNS	Others said the therapist was responsible for the improvement .
tr	NNS	Her fingernails dug into his flanks and she ached to have him inside her .
tr	NN	A pale sliver of a moon had risen when they finally crested that brutal slope .
tr	NNS	The hacked satellites won 't yield .
tr	NN	His partner flicked open a page on his black leather notepad and shook his head .
tr	NN	" About a quarter of the way to Thomson , " I reckoned .
tr	NNS	Fast-paced footsteps approached them from behind .
tr	NN	There is a tap on his shoulder .
tr	NN	Our maneuver prevented them from attacking one more time .
tr	NNS	As I slowly relaxed , my eyelids closed , and I soon drifted off .
tr	NNS	Brick 's smugness belied the words he 'd uttered .
tr	NNS	The burns were deep and vicious .
tr	NNS	Cars were honking as they came toward me .
tr	NN	Which superhero used a crossbow ?
tr	NN	" My pager hasn 't gone off .
tr	NNS	Keeper legends speak of this .
tr	NN	The van peeled around a corner , damn near on two wheels .
tr	NN	" So this tribe is dangerous .
tr	NN	Hello , Shimmer , " Song greeted them each in turn .
tr	NNS	Suddenly servants were rushing out of the dining room .
tr	NNS	Lots of time ... " he trails off and a tree branch snaps , making me jump .
tr	NN	" You are nothing like us , " the golden knight said , sliding open his visor .
tr	NN	His optimism was getting on Hanna 's nerves .
tr	NN	The reference could only be to Olivia .
tr	NNS	Black spots danced in front of her eyes .
tr	NN	The dragon barely moved , just let out a pathetic snort , jerking her head a little .
tr	NNS	Vinyl slugs sat inside a recessed cavity , mounted vertically , not horizontally .
tr	NNS	My instincts were screaming that the only reason he wanted to ride along was because he had no intention of ever letting me come home .
tr	NN	No knight in low ranks would wear such luxurious armor .
tr	NNS	Not long after , the pirates herded us all to the atrium and took us to the shuttle bays .
tr	NNS	Others are thinking and asking the same thing so it 's probably best to bring up .
tr	NN	Because that 's the condition if you want to see the Book . "
tr	NN	U.S. state debt surpasses $ 4 trillion and that number doesn 't include $ 3 trillion in deferments .
tr	NNS	" The leaks are that bad ? "
tr	NN	The powers Daemon had given me when he mutated me .
tr	NN	When investigators finally unravelled the clues , the breadth and detail of the attacks shocked them .
tr	NN	" Your audience is leaving . "
tr	NNS	" The specialists are working around the clock to make sure the devices are manufactured by the deadline .
tr	NN	" All this progress and only the third day of your breakthrough , " Dr. Riley says as she nods and widens her eyes .
tr	NNS	Then the sales ladies started to discuss how this girl could hurt herself so badly .
tr	NNS	" The fireworks are starting without you . "
tr	NN	Is the baron home ? "
tr	NN	A trick like that means declassification for cause . "
tr	NNS	There were two very large sculptures on either side of the room .
tr	NNS	Between the two gates was a narrow door sealed with an electronic keypad .
tr	NN	Your uncle and I talked about it .
tr	NN	Giving birth wasn 't her top priority , either , but she found herself longing to hear him talk .
tr	NNS	The mattress and bed linens in the other bedroom were new and hadn 't absorbed the tainted psychic scent that filled the other suite .
tr	NNS	The rough boards shifted slightly underfoot and creaked with her footfalls as she hurried towards the pavilion .
tr	NN	" The gentleman sends his regrets and asked me to give you this . "
tr	NN	The only explanation is that he wished to give you the slaves while he kept the real power for himself !
tr	NN	" Oh , there 's an explanation , al right , Gwendolyn .
tr	NNS	Two ladies were there , ready to serve him .
tr	NN	His grandmother was waiting for her behind the dugout and they nodded to each other .
tr	NN	Work on the dam and roadway had ceased for the day and the valley was quiet again .
tr	NNS	The seats around them were the last to be occupied and then only because every other space in the bus was crammed .
tr	NN	The hunter had grown wealthy indeed .
tr	NNS	Angelus pushed away from the table violently .
tr	NN	A low whistle slid from his lips as he took in the setup .
tr	NN	The owl flew silently , stealthily , using the fog as cover .
tr	NN	With every propulsion of the shark 's tail , the dorsal fin lunged closer .
tr	NN	Once again , the smooth wandering route carried them through the odd mixture of dilapidated properties and roads mixed with breathtaking beauty in the countryside .
tr	NNS	Reflective granite tiles of black and gold flecks created a pocket area for bathing , and eventually I planned on having walls added for privacy .
tr	NN	Her observation was spot on .
tr	NNS	There were new fixtures to buy for the kitchen , patio furniture to scope out .
tr	NN	A computer genius , he developed computer games that had started the Hudson Corporation on its way to becoming a company worth billions . "
tr	NN	Chance asked after we 'd confirmed Regis 's departure .
tr	NN	The angel fell , twitching , at my feet .
tr	NN	The chaos around her faded away to leave a lone image burning in the center of her brain .
tr	NN	Skipper 's tail stopped and he looked forlorn as she moved away from the door .
tr	NNS	The dry cleaners had my leather duster .
tr	NNS	Hands yanked at her flesh .
tr	NNS	Smells crowded around me , dusty , organic , chemical .
tr	NN	Part of me felt it was too quiet .
tr	NN	Airplane rental isn 't cheap .
tr	NNS	" We mothers will have refreshments there . "
tr	NNS	The camp followers , immediately growing fearful , anticipated the worst had happened , but no one dared go closer to the mission .
tr	NNS	" Three different sources are reporting Morgan had a row with a couple senior Council members .
tr	NN	The tender felt his fear , too .
tr	NNS	The goblins started forward , cackling and jabbing the air with their spears .
tr	NN	Grief and anguish rattled me , a living presence , so real and frightening .
tr	NN	The bout went fast as always and we won but only by the skin of our teeth .
tr	NN	There 's more garbage on the ground than in the cans on the corners .
tr	NNS	Black cobwebs wove over his vision as he searched the room .
tr	NN	Even an adult might feel some of this sensitivity and vulnerability .
tr	NNS	" You ladies do need to realize , though , that there is not a graduation ceremony during the winter break . "
tr	NN	My grandmother offered to drive her , but she had her monthly garden club meeting .
tr	NN	The real Jessica , the one he 'd known and loved , the true essence of who she 'd been , had departed three years ago .
tr	NNS	Small objects began falling from above and breaking up on the street .
tr	NN	His aura filled with muddy , faded colors .
tr	NNS	With the cell phone cemented at her ear , tentacles pouring out of her mouth , the keypad on her mother 's cell phone dripped thick saliva .
tr	NN	My pulse quickened , and I felt a jolt of panic .
tr	NNS	Soldiers shout orders to those surging up the hill to head to open spaces .
tr	NN	Then , a low growl escapes his throat as his lips find mine with a hungry kiss that ignites something in me .
tr	NNS	Eventually the drill sergeants got bored of their game and moved on .
tr	NN	Where the hell is my white knight when I 'm in danger ?
tr	NNS	Alexis climbed out of bed .
tr	NNS	And , of course , the settlers brought robots with them .
tr	NN	The bullet had driven into his chest .
tr	NNS	The room was in shambles , blankets torn from the bed , the mattress tossed off to the side .
tr	NN	At once lightning flashed , arcing through their bodies , through the chamber , sizzling and dancing and snapping .
tr	NN	My canoe 's on Red Lake . "
tr	NNS	There are no losers here just winners .
tr	NNS	Men carrying torches moved in his direction .
tr	NNS	There were several huge dents in it .
tr	NNS	The board members stared at her without speaking , waiting for her to continue .
tr	NN	" Or the shooter might have made the call . "
tr	NNS	My mothers was bending over me , rubbing my hands .
tr	NNS	Something expectant , patient , inexorable , met her with no veil or protection between .
tr	NNS	The scholars study for study 's sake . "
tr	NN	" A cramped titanium tube , is hardly a fitting place for my new friends , Timothy and Tara Burrows ! "
tr	NN	' Of course , Miss Dixon , ' Love said .
tr	NNS	Others , who were more understanding , simply observed that she 'd eventually recover , in her own time .
tr	NNS	Two other werewolves -- both in human form -- stood in the lobby of the post office .
tr	NNS	" All the signs point to her . "
tr	NN	" Do try to keep a straight face , " said his mistress , although she said it around her own grin .
tr	NNS	But the slaps were hard .
tr	NNS	The pigs won 't mind . "
tr	NNS	Curious , she moved to the edge of the tapestry , pulled it away from the wall , and peered behind it to see a narrow doorway .
tr	NN	But the sheriff doesn 't want to arrest the kid .
tr	NN	His vote is key to gain the third partner in the waterfront deal . "
tr	NNS	By pressing it , the cylinders begin to turn in your masts so that your sails are automatically rolled up .
tr	NN	The leader felt a rush of anger .
tr	NN	The barely contained chuckles got louder , but Ms. Reynolds ignored them .
tr	NNS	The drugs were still in him , slowing his thoughts and making his blood feel thick .
tr	NN	The packing controlled most of the bleeding .
tr	NN	One was heavily injured , her spine severed from the axe sticking out of her back .
tr	NNS	Then , I land on the floor , hearing rats scurry and mice squeak .
tr	NN	" Ok , " Kat said with short sigh , " but I want to hear all about it . "
tr	NN	A soft chuckle disturbed the thick air .
tr	NNS	Looks like she has picked on Pat as a guard . "
tr	NNS	Images leapt at her from every side .
tr	NN	The alien Power still buzzed , and still he couldn 't get a fix on it .
tr	NN	There was too much gas in the room to risk standing up .
tr	NNS	My human spies have tried and failed several times already . "
tr	NNS	Things started off so well .
tr	NNS	My heart races as the rain keeps pouring down on us .
tr	NNS	There were sirens and horns and the feel of the wind .
tr	NN	The tip of her tongue licked at her lips .
tr	NNS	Your prints are all over the knife , Annabelle !
tr	NN	The stock market had dropped almost three thousand points in a month .
tr	NNS	Another is a Sameer Verma , the captain of our football team , my sources tell me that he is a close friend of Rishabh Jain .
tr	NN	Ever and again the lightning tore aside the darkness .
tr	NN	Sweat and tears cover almost every inch of cringing face .
tr	NN	" No , that 's alright , no explanation is necessary . "
tr	NN	As the gnomes drew closer , the leader glanced my way and halted , its eyes meeting mine .
tr	NN	The real murderer confessed . "
tr	NNS	There were several large heavy-duty switches .
tr	NNS	The cruisers were almost on board ; when they saw the enemy approaching , they hastily docked .
tr	NNS	Waves showed whitecaps in the harbor , appearing like fields of diamonds .
tr	NNS	Looks like Dudley 's tricks are proving beneficial one last time .
tr	NNS	The tuition fees were too high , even if I stayed at home and became only a day student .
tr	NN	I needed to get us back to my place , but he had a point ... what if the werewolf followed us to wherever we went ?
tr	NN	The knight got a fresh lance and aimed it at Ormond once more .
tr	NNS	There are no footsteps but his own . "
tr	NNS	The items included Jenny 's grandmother 's pearls .
tr	NN	The ghoul shrieked in pain as dark blood pumped from the gash , but it didn 't penetrate through his body .
tr	NN	A rogue thought snuck into Ethan 's mind .
tr	NNS	Chills met my perspiration , causing a shiver down to my toes .
tr	NNS	Several YouTube videos have surfaced throughout the day showing the young coma patient singing in an unknown language .
tr	NNS	All other attempts to close the portals had failed as well .
tr	NN	The armory is behind it .
tr	NNS	Reyes blinked at her .
tr	NN	The creak of the weapons ' curved staves and straining strings sounded like an old barn in bad weather .
tr	NNS	Her efforts to offer him sexually neutral friendliness were inflaming him far worse than if she 'd been coming on to him hot and heavy .
tr	NNS	Lots of cursing followed and then he threw the phone to the floor of the car .
tr	NN	" How 's your mate ? "
tr	NNS	Zack leaned forward , his forearms braced on his knees .
tr	NN	The leader just wants to talk , and find a way for you to redeem yourself . "
tr	NNS	There were three elevators in the bunker .
tr	NN	There really was some sick psycho out to get them .
tr	NNS	" Our travels have often been at light speed and ... " " Ah yes , time dilation , " Hudson said .
tr	NN	Where 's the ranch ? "
tr	NNS	Small light bulbs lined the roof and reflected off the mirrors , like they extended on for infinity .
tr	NN	A crash from inside the cellar makes me jump , and Will wraps his arms around me , yanking me away from the opening .
tr	NN	" Maybe the lack of oxygen went to your head but Wonder Woman is a comic-book character .
tr	NN	My pulse began to race , and my head throbbed harder with every heartbeat .
tr	NN	There was a stir from the crowd , and several people hurried away .
tr	NNS	Her thumbs move to my cheeks and she wipes at the tears that I didn 't even realize were streaming down my face .
tr	NN	" History is the words of conquerors .
tr	NN	" The entry we read last night had nothing to do with the question . "
tr	NNS	Things with Matthew were getting more complicated by the second .
tr	NN	An announcement came over the intercom reminding us to go to the gym instead of the classroom after lunch .
tr	NNS	Chills ran through me as the slight scruff of his face brushed against my skin .
tr	NN	7 The lack of sunlight and real food had begun to take its toll .
tr	NNS	The creatures had cared to break open only one of the massive door gates , the right one .
tr	NNS	More SUVs arrived , with suited agents loading Jimmy 's body bag , and a much larger one , into the plane 's cargo hold .
tr	NN	The tea tray and pot slid over the edge , clattering to the carpet below .
tr	NNS	Such casual disregard for his wife deserved a bit of punishment .
tr	NN	If I want to stay with you , He ' l let me . "
tr	NNS	The roads were icing up , and the forecast stated they were in the middle of a pre-holiday blizzard .
tr	NN	The captain spoke until he said he was ready to listen .
tr	NN	Either option was fine with them .
tr	NNS	Others reached it , climbed on , scrambled inside .
tr	NN	The garage was no more than a couple of big preformed sheds that had been bolted together with their interior walls knocked out .
tr	NNS	The seas pour into the blackened hole every time we rock in the swells , as the hole is right at the waterline .
tr	NNS	Looks almost like a David and Goliath thing ... . "
tr	NN	The heavy-duty work gloves Grayson must have given her made her hands look like robot claws .
tr	NN	The command came out of the darkness .
tr	NNS	Huntress tried to prove him wrong and let loose her arrow .
tr	NNS	The fixtures on the sinks were black , and there were two booths nearby for toilets and two booths for showers .
tr	NN	A bullet grazed her arm .
tr	NNS	A few androids are staring at the screens , concentrated on the images of the town .
tr	NN	The NOS tank strapped between the front seats probably had a lot to do with that .
tr	NN	An operation like that -- it doesn 't come cheap . '
tr	NNS	The missing pills were weird , but not lethal .
tr	NNS	Behind those bars was a snarl and a smell .
tr	NN	But Acolytes loading equipment on board the buses meant whoever snatched them wouldn 't be there much longer .
tr	NN	The author of the series had originally planned the series as a trilogy .
tr	NN	" Our next staff master for this tournament hails from the land of South Africa .
tr	NN	The orange gel abandoned John , leaving him wheezing in the winding grasp of the vines , and flowed toward the tall man .
tr	NN	" What 's the skinny on this guy Kirstie says will be showing you around the air show tomorrow ? "
tr	NNS	There was something smoky lurking in her gaze now , something that shouldn 't have been there .
tr	NNS	What were the chances I 'd actually find his street , let alone his house ?
tr	NN	" Come on , sweetheart , our soup 's getting cold . "
tr	NN	All of a sudden , there was a loud crash outside that sounded like someone trying to break down a wall .
tr	NNS	Dee was facing the light stiffly , pupils contracted to pinpoints .
tr	NN	The air conditioning hums like a lazy insect .
tr	NN	In the eighties , wrestling was practically a kid 's show .
tr	NN	A violent rap on the side window brought me back from my apocalyptic daydream .
tr	NN	" The bastard told me he came from Mississippi , so I wrote him down as one of Russell 's discarded pretty boys .
tr	NNS	Her shots went wild , and I moved to the front of the SUV .
tr	NNS	Most peoples ' minds don 't bear reading .
tr	NN	The head Inspector turned slowly to face his underling , his eyes still on Malik .
tr	NNS	Yet , all the G5 members constantly visited their relatives and their families came to see them .
tr	NNS	" Things didn 't work out with Will ? "
tr	NNS	" A short time ago your business associates tried to kill you .
tr	NNS	And his rapid fire changes hadn 't gone unnoticed by the Oracle .
tr	NNS	Not from pain , but from how amazing the fullness felt .
tr	NNS	The two pairs stood face to face now , tension coiling through the air .
tr	NN	There was a crash from behind one of the great marble columns at the end of the hall , and then a cry .
tr	NN	The gangly fellow catches my eyes .
tr	NN	" A containment pod ? "
tr	NN	Eventually Chance stopped outside a darkened window .
tr	NNS	" All the servants think a great deal of her . "
tr	NNS	Others , my friends , ran out .
tr	NN	Mito 's uncertainty disappeared , and she backed up against the nearest shop wall .
tr	NN	The creak , itself , was now crashing up against one of the thick trunks of a large tree .
tr	NN	A brown and white goat ate the straw near an empty stall .
tr	NNS	The Others controlled all the natural resources , thereby deciding what would and wouldn 't be made in their part of the world .
tr	NNS	His thrusts became more urgent , more desperate as did my moans .
tr	NNS	New batteries hadn 't helped , so she needed to buy a new one .
tr	NN	The word " seed " blossoms in my mind .
tr	NNS	High cheekbones accentuated a strong jaw , still nicely shaven .
tr	NN	Some infection is starting to take place .
tr	NNS	" No internal organs affected , but some chest muscle torn .
tr	NNS	Hands grazed necks and shoulders ; outwardly , it looked innocent , but the looks in their eyes told me it wasn 't .
tr	NN	The prime challenge was the movement of the cash the business generated .
tr	NN	Her gasping and struggling only added fuel to my frenzy .
tr	NNS	If Quinn had been taking advantage of Randall 's slackness to cut corners , the ramifications could be mind-blowing , involving multimillion-dollar test programs .
tr	NNS	Swiftly now the pursuers turned and followed the new path .
tr	NN	The gown did not suit her features , any more than an old rope halter suited a finely bred horse .
tr	NNS	Lights from overhead flooded the work of art , making it glow with life .
tr	NN	The rock slides occupied her for a while until she gathered up the nerve to try the vines .
tr	NNS	Her big new boobs push into my back .
tr	NNS	Of worrying about plane crashes and terrorist attacks . "
tr	NN	Her fantasy dragon leaned forward and nudged Julius the baker with the tip of his snout .
tr	NNS	The zombies are simply the beginning , and the real terror is still to come .
tr	NN	His spine tingled with icy foreboding .
tr	NN	A real predator like that could kill lambs , calves or the Thompson 's poultry .
tr	NNS	The depths to their understanding about us and our place in this world went beyond my mind 's comprehension .
tr	NN	Possibly the little butterfly strips I put across the cut on my cheekbone detracted from the effect , but I had to use them .
tr	NNS	Troubling whispers and sighs stirred the trees around her on all sides .
tr	NN	Fight hunger with hunger , fear with fea ... " Kaleb stopped him with a raise of his hand , then apologized with the acceptable nod .
tr	NNS	Thoughts ran through Alex 's mind .
tr	NN	Seated like a king before supplicants , the old thief was clearly holding court .
tr	NNS	Two chains hung from its horizontal bar .
tr	NN	The television goes black .
tr	NNS	" Well , there aren 't any roads . "
tr	NN	His own orgasm of thirty minutes ago hadn 't stopped him from getting hard once again .
tr	NN	The parade of captive women disgusted him .
tr	NNS	Nerves hit me again as Christian swung the door open , and they eased just as quickly when he squeezed my hand .
tr	NNS	There were several thumps and other noises .
tr	NNS	The two followers looked at the alpha , so he could answer for them .
tr	NNS	The sand bars and currents would be different from when he had been here last .
tr	NN	Along that country lane is a short string of stone built farms and houses and a pub that together make up Burley Woodhead .
tr	NN	The static abruptly stopped .
tr	NNS	Division 1 colleges had been scouting her since sophomore year , and this year there had even been whispers of the 2016 Olympics .
tr	NNS	Others favoured something more raucous and good natured involving too much beer , chanting and an attempt at gate crashing .
tr	NNS	Two members of his team were in the rear cabin .
tr	NN	The tossing of a Golden Apple or the stirring up of unease between lovers , yes , that she might do and often has .
tr	NN	There was some scrabbling before its boots gained a purchase , and then it was gone .
tr	NN	My subconscious had stored Edward away in flawless detail , saving him for this final moment .
tr	NN	Ornate lettering , patterns , and illustrations in faded colors decorated the first letters of each book of the Bible .
tr	NNS	Others from the audience walked out of the library behind Tench .
tr	NN	The mystic knew that our gods would die along with us if we should lose , and it looked like we were about to .
tr	NN	" Well , I don , t know where they are .
tr	NNS	The hobbits made no sign .
tr	NN	The maintenance bay was a rectangular box with cement walls and a solid steel garage door .
tr	NN	Obviously your sports education is woefully lacking in some of the basics .
tr	NN	" When I was at the conference with the rest of my family , there was an actor who portrayed Alessandro , her attacker .
tr	NN	The Amaranth tribe thundered .
tr	NN	Also , the warmth emanating from the attendees , called a congregation , reminded Dorian of the groups of friends she had back in her time .
tr	NN	A young bully picked on a helpless boy .
tr	NNS	There were old myths about them where mostly they were described as creatures coming out in the night for hunt .
tr	NNS	Those few zombies who entered the water had somehow gotten to land and stood , drenched and howling with the others .
tr	NN	That needy haze was fading , but this time it didn 't disappear .
tr	NNS	The potential commands boiled inside her .
tr	NNS	Thick , black fumes floated through the tunnel from the direction we 'd come .
tr	NN	The commander , still dressed in Ambrose 's cloak , was talking to an old man dressed in sombre garb .
tr	NN	Her absence might well be the only thing keeping their father alive .
tr	NNS	The cousins had a great time jumping up and pulling the leaves down on themselves .
tr	NN	The air dragon stood on the top step and turned to thank Dustin , but her eyes found Austin 's body first .
tr	NNS	The gaps revealed pink fibreglass stuffing and rusty iron pipes .
tr	NNS	This sort of thing happens in wrestling , the fans know that .
tr	NN	The mercenary passed by the young lady , who found she could not make eye contact .
tr	NNS	Erebus is still out there .
tr	NNS	Others , of course , wished for their Scarlet King 's suffering to end and would willingly allow the release of the two strangers .
tr	NN	What he didn , t say was I wish I could buy this place myself .
tr	NN	The hassle of dealing with gossip over her sex life for the next few months just wasn 't worth staying .
tr	NN	Love parked the car and the two men walked down Kennington Lane to Locks bistro .
tr	NN	We ' l meet in the middle . "
tr	NN	" This lounge is a smoking area . "
tr	NN	A staggeringly tall oak had apparently succumbed to the storm 's fury and had fallen diagonally across the path .
tr	NN	A low growl rumbled , was suppressed .
tr	NNS	Except for one thing : The aliens apparently continued to roam free , untouched by the authorities .
tr	NN	There were a few chuckles from the courtroom .
tr	NNS	Celeste had told them when she touched Krueger 's arm , his vibes were such a mixture of negative emotions she 'd been taken aback by them .
tr	NN	The murdering bastard was wriggling in excruciating pain .
tr	NN	" My grandmother asked me to pick up a doll she ordered . "
tr	NN	And there , right where I remembered it , was a sparkling waterfall .
tr	NN	Under his watch , the ranch was successful .
tr	NNS	" Team leaders , you know where you 're going , and you have your instructions .
tr	NN	Thus ended the Spring of Arda .
tr	NNS	Doors opened on both sides of the van .
tr	NN	The agent took off his sunglasses , folded them and set them on the table .
tr	NN	' Because I hate it of course , ' Love replied exhaling the smoke from his cigarette .
tr	NNS	The abyss pushed against his mind , the pressure quickly turning to pain .
tr	NNS	Delores tapped an index finger against her lips .
tr	NN	The teacher is able to form the letters for the child because the teacher is grown-up and knows how to write .
tr	NN	There is lava and a dragon and it 's horrible what the dragon says . "
tr	NN	The outline of several more heads appeared next to the first .
tr	NNS	The images disturbed her , mostly because they were familiar .
tr	NNS	No distinct ideas occupied my mind ; all was confused .
tr	NNS	Immediately the snores changed to a soft , high-pitched hiss .
tr	NNS	His attempts don 't look like much , but he 's sure trying .
tr	NNS	The ghosts tried to make sense of that .
tr	NNS	" Things have changed .
tr	NNS	All the stores are on one street so we don 't have to run around the city .
tr	NNS	" My covens and the Furies have done me a great honor in choosing me for this contest .
tr	NN	Graham went for Tiger Man 's throat and missed , the tiger landing Graham a spinning blow on the side of his head .
tr	NN	Love laughed , and said , ' Bastard !
tr	NN	The flashlight glowed with renewed life when I switched it on .
tr	NN	The whole concept seemed suddenly both absurd yet strangely efficient .
tr	NN	Her simple gown flows to the earth in waves of green .
tr	NNS	Moses , Lee , and everybody in attendance recognized the steady thumping of " Down With The Sickness " .
tr	NNS	The ladies from London were very impressed with the necessaries in the Fine Arts Palace .
tr	NNS	But there were wolves among the sheep and she was looking directly at one .
tr	NN	In a space this size , combat would prove all but impossible .
tr	NN	Old paint had chipped off and the rusted metal shown through where the snow wasn 't clinging to it .
tr	NNS	Looks like I was right .
tr	NN	" Their progress , " she replied .
tr	NN	A charming nineteenth-century ceramic pitcher and bowl sat on the old dresser , and sailing memorabilia adorned the walls .
tr	NNS	Besides the people pressed up along the sides of the church , there were rows and rows of guests standing at the back .
tr	NN	" My lord , Tomas and his driver took turns driving to Gretna Green and back .
tr	NNS	Still , Hai Hai 's thrusts and slashes kept the thing distracted and off-balance .
tr	NN	Edward 's grunt told me he understood the ramifications of that as much as I did .
tr	NNS	Opposite us , on the mainland , are both endless forests and great plains , stretching for hundreds of days ' of travel .
tr	NNS	When he jumped down captains issued rapid orders .
tr	NNS	Their crisp wetness was a welcome relief as I knelt before Nathan 's tombstone .
tr	NNS	Things got quiet for a little while , but the longer it was like that , the longer I wondered what exactly his mother had said .
tr	NN	The half-circle staircase leading to the tower 's elevator was collapsing .
tr	NN	" The iPod goes where I go . "
tr	NNS	The coaches don 't go -- it 's not official or anything .
tr	NN	When they came to the front door , his dad pulled out his key chain , the one Gregor had made him , from his pocket .
tr	NN	The only defense she had right now was her wits , and she had to stay calm and alert .
tr	NN	The elf turned away and , reaching toward the topmost shelf of the pine scroll case , pulled two scrolls that Echo had never noticed before .
tr	NNS	cards and then return to E Base so that you may lead a Rebel Army to Glory ! "
tr	NN	The captain reserved the right almost exclusively for himself , spending most of his waking hours keeping his ship on course .
tr	NNS	Black spots swim across my field of vision , and I think there 's a really good chance I could faint .
tr	NN	" Final proof was when I was negotiating with your boss here .
tr	NN	Terror was only just on the rise .
tr	NN	The bullet hit him and Elliot lost control of the car .
tr	NNS	Without your brother 's signature these funds are untouchable for the next seven days . "
tr	NN	When invisible tears rolled out of her cat likes tears into the water , another miracle happened .
tr	NN	The hood popped up and he propped it open .
tr	NN	Actually the mend is nothing short of miraculous ! "
tr	NNS	Things he had no claim on .
tr	NN	The dark elf stood slowly , regaining his composure .
tr	NN	The slide shuddered , then collapsed into a pile of twisted pipes and aluminum , and Razor howled with glee atop the monkey bars .
tr	NNS	In many books about vampires , the creatures never aged and a teenage boy could possibly be a decade year old .
tr	NNS	The creatures just liked to kill .
tr	NN	What Bishop has planned for us ? "
tr	NN	The first stroke led to another ten years .
tr	NN	Where Lady Adriana moved fast , infused with raw power the dragon seemed to already be on its last legs .
tr	NNS	Big , fat , fluffy flakes descended , covering the ground in a fresh blanket of white .
tr	NN	The tip of one of the bolts gleamed in the crystal light .
tr	NN	The heavy cord weighed down my arm , proving again the law of gravity reigned .
tr	NNS	Those facts left me faintly unnerved .
tr	NNS	This one being so small , the chances are greater that it might quit sustaining life . "
tr	NNS	There were only simple images about where it had been manufactured .
tr	NNS	Then there 's Maris .
tr	NNS	Muscles screamed as loudly as the shrieking engine beneath him .
tr	NN	Jazz wondered what the final catalog entry had been , but then Lucia pushed off and walked confidently through the crowd .
tr	NN	Ghost has a wicked set of lungs on her . "
tr	NN	' There was a crash last night , out past the highway . '
tr	NN	What is my reward for doing this task you 've set for me ? "
tr	NN	Her tail lashed to one side and with infinite , controlled grace her delicate hooves struck .
tr	NN	Sheer , raw Power lashed out from the dark being .
tr	NNS	" That hypothesis would seem to fit the facts . "
tr	NNS	Two weddings , one fully qualified midwife ... ' She raised her eyebrows at Celine and Kirsty .
tr	NNS	Did zombies actually exist ?
tr	NNS	Images such as these are among the few things I remember of this land .
tr	NNS	The colors and brushstrokes emboldened him .
tr	NN	Although I could not fault his contempt for my poor gambling record , his concept of logic left much to be desired .
tr	NN	Her accent was generically southern .
tr	NNS	No species has succeeded in updating the original schematic , however .
tr	NNS	The two companions looked up , beyond Gnat 's head as an old servant walking by paused to stare at Gnat and the others .
tr	NNS	Where are your provisions ?
tr	NN	A snort answers my question before his words do .
tr	NNS	Questions started flying and Chad waited a moment before he told them the story .
tr	NN	Part of it was because that former lethargy combined with all-over body ache was gone .
tr	NNS	Two silk screens were drying on one of the industrial counters .
tr	NN	Through all of that , no brazen advances .
tr	NNS	Their prayers and a God who loved me enough to stand in the middle of a mountain road that night .
tr	NN	History has proved that doing so ends in treachery . "
tr	NN	Jazz discovered she really did need an assistant .
tr	NNS	The golden letters reflected in her black hair .
tr	NN	The leader whispers , " Tightening the noose . "
tr	NN	Medical equipment , cabinets , and tables were in abundance .
tr	NNS	Their minds do not process the act .
tr	NNS	At her gesture , his warriors ' grins turned to wide smiles .
tr	NN	That growl turned into a long sigh as I stepped into my bathroom and for the shower .
tr	NN	I saw the cities die , the countryside wilt .
tr	NNS	The mercenaries froze in fear ; the tables had been violently turned on them .
tr	NN	The leader freed his sidearm , under no such restraint .
tr	NN	The Sphinx said he saw no harm in it , since the current occupant of the Quiet Box was unrecognizable beneath his mask and bindings .
tr	NN	There was always a punishment to bear , a condition attached to the love I was granted .
tr	NN	The den , which was warm in dark blue and deep red , drew a compliment , and the dining room and living room got a nod .
tr	NN	The Wine festival is also where each kid of a certain age will be presented to the emperor for the display of his or her power .
tr	NNS	The countess must be burning a tonne of coal to heat her house to this temperature .
tr	NNS	At any rate , his fears that this was some sort of legal trap had all but evaporated .
tr	NN	Her great-grandmother had been a ghost whisperer , but the two of them weren 't .
tr	NN	The tall policeman goes away .
tr	NNS	If he expressed interest in her , Adrian 's bizarre chivalric instincts were going to kick in .
tr	NN	The dramatic factor had probably trumped anything she could find on TV .
tr	NN	The little click sounded deafening in the silence of the room , like this overt warning that there 'd be no running tonight .
tr	NN	" Good day , mistress , " he said .
tr	NNS	The effects would last around three more weeks , maybe longer .
tr	NNS	All the signs were there .
tr	NNS	The raucous swamp insects and frogs still had not stopped their disorderly chorus , reasoning me to believe that they never shut up .
tr	NN	Black liquid oozed from under the blanket .
tr	NN	" Our contract is up next week .
tr	NN	Even if he had wanted to charge Josh , there was no witness to deny the claim of accidental death .
tr	NN	But , will you do me the honor of becoming my wife ? "
tr	NN	As we walk out of the restaurant , Poison is standing by his car , holding a to-go bag and staring at his tires .
tr	NN	The tip of my tongue ran over my lips and I could taste salt .
tr	NNS	All types of people attended the club .
tr	NNS	Elias hadn 't forced him to do anything .
tr	NNS	" Your Highness , Your Excellency , Please excuse me . "
tr	NNS	Things went silent for a little while .
tr	NN	The townsfolk probably think I 'm sleeping with the Orkin man as much time as he spends here . "
tr	NNS	The movements and techniques from the Bruce Lee book seemed to flow from Daniel 's hands and feet , without him having to even think about them .
tr	NN	" The bay is so beautiful . "
tr	NN	The dean motioned at me .
tr	NNS	" Your seats are waiting .
tr	NN	Every lash of his skilled tongue was deliberate .
tr	NN	With a neat ring of folding chairs in the aisles around the padded benches , the courtroom could seat about three hundred people .
tr	NNS	Wings sprout from his side , black feathers , a beak .
tr	NN	Storm 's not just my stripper neighbor who got me a job .
tr	NNS	The edges of his mouth tilted higher .
tr	NN	Way to let the rot set in .
tr	NNS	Waves of energy danced invisibly between the two of them .
tr	NN	The commander joined the wait .
tr	NNS	Romulus lowered the mask and bent over the chest .
tr	NNS	Chances were , her classmates only remembered her when they see her photo in their yearbook .
tr	NNS	The signs earthed it .
tr	NN	Finally , the herald announced the King .
tr	NNS	The silk boxers were royal blue .
tr	NN	His torso and head disappeared as did his feet , lost in the thick fog .
tr	NNS	The gangs were another story .
tr	NN	Many years ago , my grandmother envisioned an heirloom wedding gown for her descendants .
tr	NN	Perhaps the human race didn 't stand a chance against itself , and they were fighting an uphill battle , a losing battle .
tr	NN	The stench would be enough to deter the curiosity of unwanted attention .
tr	NNS	The beggars were not in fact this well versed in folkloric practice .
tr	NN	" Blythe crisis averted . "
tr	NNS	The three figures were also angels .
tr	NNS	His mistresses , of course , made no comment about his growing paunch .
tr	NN	There was determination in her voice .
tr	NN	The panel gave a soft click and popped open , revealing a hidden wall safe .
tr	NNS	Others tracked your targets for you .
tr	NNS	Things and places changed , but the people didn 't .
tr	NN	The bard started a new song .
tr	NN	Your shiny halo won 't get the least bit tarnished .
tr	NNS	Even the straw mattress could have done with some airing out or even changing , but there was no time for all that .
tr	NNS	Lots and lots of money and with an insatiable desire to spend it all ! "
tr	NN	' Ok , we need to get everyone out of here before daylight , let 's get to it .
tr	NNS	In the air , flakes of ash began to fall from the sky .
tr	NNS	Folks saw him walk out of the house and said he was kind of like a zombie .
tr	NNS	More pounding came from the trunk .
tr	NN	After Electra circled the table , putting the pastries into the guests ' plates , her tray became heavy with empty dishes and mugs .
tr	NN	Bit like my research so far , basically .
tr	NNS	" The fountains , the location , the guest list , it all fits .
tr	NN	Part of that feeling was the evilness that always seemed to flow from Morris .
tr	NNS	" No , there are other explanations .
tr	NNS	Dangerous creatures , ghouls lived to serve their masters , feasting on tainted blood and the flesh of humans .
tr	NNS	The shots had stopped for now but they were just waiting for an easy target .
tr	NN	" The thing fucking blocked us . "
tr	NN	The partnership was going to transform their lives .
tr	NNS	There are very few vamps who are as old as I am , so leave the heavy lifting to me . "
tr	NNS	Her guardians appeared , and she gave them the itinerary while they ate .
tr	NN	Five 's beacon has cruised along west since the last time I looked in .
tr	NNS	6 Ryan 's preparations for school that morning were even more sluggish than normal .
tr	NNS	All the items are strange except for the small loaf of bread and blue honey .
tr	NN	Every player put their instruments in their laps or on the floor and looked at her expectantly .
tr	NN	The benefit to having perfected repressing stuff was being able to do it again .
tr	NNS	Five members of the Fight Team had gone in originally , but now there were fifteen of us .
tr	NNS	" The little blue pills , " I said , my head still quite fuzzy .
tr	NN	A sob lodged in my throat as his head flopped to the side and his sightless eyes fell upon me .
tr	NN	Fifteen feet below her pipe , a mercenary was clutching the horns of a gargoyle as he set about fastening his rope around its head .
tr	NNS	All images faded , leaving a canvas of pure black .
tr	NN	The tiny spark veered and struck her on the back .
tr	NNS	Classes eventually resumed once the ambulance left , though school seemed more like a holding place to maintain a sense of order .
tr	NNS	The rich , rumbling strains of his laughter followed her , nipped at her heels .
tr	NNS	the twins asked simultaneously .
tr	NN	And if you can do that I will acknowledge you a genius , little brother ! "
tr	NN	The bearded blond had given up his position at the other end of the room and was now striding toward her .
tr	NNS	The warriors shouted in agreement .
tr	NN	" Old friend , " Jazz said , which didn 't really answer anything , and killed the engine .
tr	NN	At least , her vanity let her think that .
tr	NNS	" Things need to progress .
tr	NNS	10 Club members don 't do that .
tr	NNS	Reyes didn 't know why Aeron had tattooed himself with colorful depictions of things he probably wished he 'd never done : killing , mutilating , destroying .
tr	NNS	Lights flashed in the fresh darkness .
tr	NN	The knight moved through the crowd of imagined beings with a band of knights similarly outfitted until they reached a stair coming down behind the coliseum seating .
tr	NN	" Indeed it is , " the duke said quietly .
tr	NN	Then in crept the hobbit .
tr	NN	Gradually the bullying made Val miserable and Becky began to wonder if in her quest for perfection she had unleashed a monster into her daughter 's life .
tr	NNS	Myles took out another plate .
tr	NN	Not gone , no , but watching as Sam took a running leap and disappeared in a drift .
tr	NNS	They were both members , of course , well-to-do fathers had seen to that .
tr	NN	Our ancient trig teacher shuffled in , clutching a thick wad of papers while he waited for the tardy bell .
tr	NNS	Many members of other clans joined in .
tr	NNS	Our shares took a tumble and this rattled the board members .
tr	NN	But my vow not to get serious about a man would be over on my next birthday .
tr	NN	There was always a consolation .
tr	NNS	" Because we 're safe here , the servants and I .
tr	NNS	Again , twelve pairs of eyes shifted .
tr	NN	In their home , formality ruled , even in personal , intimate relationships .
tr	NNS	They bowed low when they saw me , their actions mirrored by the kingdom 's citizens .
tr	NN	As you can see , your Healer is chained in the timekeeping box , which will fill up with water in one hour .
tr	NN	The tin , lined with wax paper , holds lemongrass , finely diced .
tr	NN	Under all her spirit there was an innocence he didn 't expect .
tr	NN	The concierge let out a yawn on the other end .
tr	NN	" The prophecy , we can 't trust it , can we ? "
tr	NNS	There were two glowing palm prints on the cushions , with flecks of golden glitter the exact shade of his eyes .
tr	NN	My unease started to turn to dread then . "
tr	NN	The rope immediately twisted about , locking the branches together and holding them tightly .
tr	NNS	Kiev 's own traders had already sailed south a week earlier .
tr	NN	" A werewolf , not a someone , " Edward pointed out .
tr	NN	A few yards from the front of the shack , Luca 's bike hit a sharp rock jutting from the dirt .
tr	NN	" But the coughing makes it difficult .
tr	NN	Anderson 's partner , a kid named Rusty , stepped closer to the group with his gun cocked and level at Blake .
tr	NN	Such honesty makes me uncomfortable .
tr	NN	The agony in her voice made tears of sympathy well in Simone 's eyes .
tr	NNS	Young minds is a charity that works with young people with mental health issues ; an issue close to many of our hearts .
tr	NN	I know , sweetheart , ' she says , grunting with the controls .
tr	NNS	Aris snapped his head back to look at Thomas , who had been so focused on the strange room he 'd missed another chance to do something .
tr	NNS	Her dinner preparations were under control and her house was clean .
tr	NN	The gardening fanatic would never want to leave a world filled with flowers in such vibrant colors .
tr	NN	A policeman in a black uniform of a style I had not seen before stood behind him and held a gun to his head .
tr	NN	Then the firing began .
tr	NNS	( really just a bark but that 's what it meant ) The Old Man and the Stranger share a laugh .
tr	NNS	The clever schemes of man and nature often have their own ideas .
tr	NN	Her black gauzy gown blended into the black of her couch , making it hard to see where one ended and the other began .
tr	NNS	A few inches to the center and the high-powered .44 round would have shattered his hip , crippling him .
tr	NNS	The countess rested the ivory handle of her cane against his chest .
tr	NNS	The wipers flicked across the windshield , flinging droplets through the glare of the spotlight .
tr	NNS	My grandparents started to say goodbye , so I moved to the side .
tr	NNS	No strings attached ? "
tr	NNS	The tightness in his jaw told me he was angry , but the look in his eyes was mostly questioning .
tr	NNS	There were several large villages and settlements built along the River in this region .
tr	NN	They glanced at them quickly , jotted in their notebooks then walked away , bored and disappointed .
tr	NN	The guitarist moved to the edge of the stage and rubbed her instrument between her thighs to the wild cheers of the crowd .
tr	NN	The agent stared at him through her shield of protective glass .
tr	NNS	Things you can 't see .
tr	NN	" That bastard drugged me , didn 't he ? "
tr	NN	the thief replied with a nervous laugh .
tr	NN	Off to one side rose a tall drill rig , mounted on the back of a truck .
tr	NNS	Things have changed . "
tr	NN	" The Observer Program knows many things and we know that this memory is the crucial part of where the casket is hidden .
tr	NNS	Her clothing changes were just as elaborate .
tr	NN	" When was your divorce final ? "
tr	NNS	Hands searched him swiftly .
tr	NN	The unicorn was white , of course , standing in three-quarter view and gazing off to the side as if it were on guard and watchful .
tr	NNS	And the footsteps had stopped .
tr	NN	The referee grabbed one of Lea 's arms and said what any other referee would say .
tr	NN	The sharp rap on the door echoed through the building .
tr	NN	His ease with Connor showed that he hadn 't lied about spending time with children .
tr	NNS	His usual social contacts had ceased , and there was word that he was living on the streets and begging from the public .
tr	NNS	Their punches caused sparks .
tr	NN	A crop of golden beans are very expensive to purchase which are utilized in food stuffs such like soups , sauces , meats and breads .
tr	NN	This divorce is going to happen whether you want it or not .
tr	NNS	But the hallways were empty , a long expanse of cold , stark marble and harsh , fluorescent lights .
tr	NNS	His slim dark trousers , gray cutaway jacket , and waistcoat embroidered with silver threads looked like they 'd leapt from a fashion plate .
tr	NN	That compulsion you keep talking about had to be at work there , right ? "
tr	NN	" The map , of necessity , is quite large , so we needed a sizeable room . "
tr	NN	A senator , a man of the law , wouldn 't keep slaves in his home .
tr	NN	All eternity with someone 's lunch wrapping as part of your vital organs .
tr	NN	The rider held a colorful shield in the left hand and a sword in the right hand .
tr	NN	The courtyard was a richly planted garden with walkways of smooth white stone set in a number of meandering paths across it .
tr	NN	As Cal had once told him , success was a vicious circle - to which Creed had replied with a suggestion that Cal do something anatomically impossible .
tr	NNS	Stu 's drums kicked in from behind .
tr	NNS	My eyelids fluttered , but Jasper snarled furiously and I clenched them together at once .
tr	NNS	To her astonishment , the colors of the bruise began to disappear as the congealed blood loosened and dissolved .
tr	NN	Somewhere inside the stricken mess that had once been a girl , a coherent core registered me as her tormentor .
tr	NN	What was my head injury from ?
tr	NN	His pen blotted on the final letter and he laid it down on top of the papers .
tr	NNS	Any newer rockets are probably as dead as the motor vehicles out there on the roads .
tr	NN	" A dragon breathes fire .
tr	NN	As you know , Keith 's unit saw some of the worst fighting in the war .
tr	NN	The sedan jerked six feet into the air , rotating .
tr	NN	As he held her , the pendant slipped out from beneath her shirt , and he yanked at the chain .
tr	NNS	There were limits to what he could manage .
tr	NN	The tech waved him over .
tr	NN	His uncle , who was sitting next to him , received a basket of salami and cheese .
tr	NN	The reference made Callie smile .
tr	NNS	Her instincts were to push up her sleeves and clean the mess before it got worse .
tr	NN	" Your redhead made another friend .
tr	NNS	The ram 's nostrils flared .
tr	NN	Certainly the startling white paint and the multi-colored flowerbeds were never a part of the original experience .
tr	NN	" The map , " said Eris in a hushed voice , as though they were in a tomb .
tr	NNS	Local taxation authorities started to investigate his affairs , so Bird Big Old Cock decided to return back to Fantasia .
tr	NN	And maybe that last tape is still inside .
tr	NN	The goal was simple .
tr	NN	Either the werewolf moved from his path or Shane would be moving him .
tr	NN	Suddenly , the tape went into slow motion , and a blue flash lit the screen .
tr	NN	And the placing of the lintels atop these stones was a matter of great debate .
tr	NN	This pattern repeats itself about five times and once again , there is a silence .
tr	NN	" Anyway ... now Manny 's a friend , " Jazz finished awkwardly .
tr	NN	There 's no hesitation .
tr	NNS	The new noble meetings are getting very interesting and more dangerous .
tr	NNS	A few puffs scuttled overhead , their shadows racing along the ground faster than a plane .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of Savannah continued to occupy his mind , and he found himself wondering where she was and if she was doing okay .
tr	NNS	" The gangs post similar messages , just not with heads . "
tr	NN	The teacher wouldn 't like it , and she 'd probably read my paper aloud to point out all the mistakes .
tr	NN	The quantity spoke of a woman who occasionally sought oblivion .
tr	NN	Nausea turned my stomach and I squeezed my eyes against the thought .
tr	NN	" I have a full written report for you here , " the investigator told them , getting up to pass Ben a file folder .
tr	NN	After only a short time at this dance , the big knight began to tire .
tr	NN	Just then a spotlight shined into the crowd where Barnabas sat .
tr	NNS	The stakes are too high to screw up .
tr	NN	" My government has tried to confine its inquiries to keep their knowledge secret .
tr	NNS	She noted slightly elevated aggressive tendencies , potential issues with female authority , but low on the Allende scale .
tr	NNS	A dozen creatures move through .
tr	NNS	You 're the perfect one , the one Isaac can 't live up to . "
tr	NNS	Aurelius held them , dried their tears and treated the slightest of injuries as a legitimate reason to reassure and fuss .
tr	NNS	" Our clients deserve all the privacy they can get . "
tr	NN	The other patrons eyed them ; Jackie was grateful they left Alex alone .
tr	NN	And then the obligatory magical explanation came in the form of the most impressive moustache either one of them had ever laid eyes upon descending upon them .
tr	NN	A trillion , of course , he suddenly thought , answering his own question .
tr	NN	After all , their rustic little getaway , their retreat from city life , just wasn 't the same any more .
tr	NN	Swiftly the maid set about scooping up the fabric and lace while the housekeeper stepped forward .
tr	NNS	She didn 't believe he was angry , there was no stiffness about him .
tr	NNS	Runes had meanings and stories behind them .
tr	NNS	Greatly improved since the days of Apollo , Ares EVA suits allowed much more freedom of motion .
tr	NNS	" Senator , your television ads call for legislation ensuring equal salaries for women in the workplace ... as well as for tax cuts for new families .
tr	NNS	Those prayers went unanswered .
tr	NN	The intruder fell back toward the floor as the swivel chair rotated again out from behind him , dropping him to the floor on his butt .
tr	NNS	Thoughts rushed through his mind and for that fraction of a second he was sure he was about to be shot .
tr	NN	His quick perception jolted her .
tr	NN	The lackluster sheen of his eyes made it was obvious that something was missing from the child -- and darkness took its place .
tr	NN	Fortunately an eruption of applause distracted the thug .
tr	NNS	At once from the apartment above three thumps came through the ceiling .
tr	NNS	Alphas didn 't like that .
tr	NN	Those folk don 't understand them old houses have ghosts and ghosts don 't like all that comin ' and goin ' in their homes . "
tr	NNS	Mahogany floors of deep red hues blended wonderfully with faded walls painted the color of cinnamon .
tr	NNS	There were three generations of Blackstone men sitting on the porch and not one woman .
tr	NN	The trick was to make sure that I never forgot her true goal - seduction , corruption , the subversion of my free will .
tr	NNS	The one perk to attending this shindig was that Hugh Kendall , the indicted business executive Allison was prosecuting , would be there .
tr	NNS	As Lawrence tied off the boat , several figures stepped out into the darkness .
tr	NNS	He still doesn 't move , an incredulous smirk touching his mouth .
tr	NN	The beacon was much brighter now and the voice recognizable .
tr	NNS	Abel 's body lands in a chair and blood spatters everywhere , awakening the other vampires in the house .
tr	NN	When she knew that her aunt 's life was in danger , instinct had taken over .
tr	NNS	The edges of his lips turn upward .
tr	NNS	Kirstie 's sneakers smacked asphalt while Paige jogged alongside .
tr	NN	" But , spending all of those nights in motels did ? "
tr	NNS	She studied me from over her bottle of beer , then swirled the contents , which caused frothing whitecaps to appear over the lip .
tr	NN	But there was a tiny spark of something that felt suspiciously like hope glowing deep inside her .
tr	NNS	Others make your choices for you . "
tr	NNS	Reyes took deep breaths .
tr	NNS	Things don 't become things just right away .
tr	NN	" Hey , how about Simple Simon ?
tr	NNS	The marble floors that lined the bedroom dazzled and sparkled as bright as a star lit sky .
tr	NN	A scowl marred his handsome face .
tr	NNS	" The pigs , do you hear me ?
tr	NNS	The trails were empty , too .
tr	NN	" Like I said , my partner is very persuasive .
tr	NN	Roth 's silver Porsche purred along the curb .
tr	NN	Smoke and dust rose up and filled the air so thickly that the forest soon became completely hidden from view .
tr	NN	" And what would a thief know of it ? "
tr	NN	The zing went through my body .
tr	NNS	Then my worst fears came true .
tr	NNS	The siblings locked their wide plastic smiles on her .
tr	NN	On the back of the panties , bright red script spelled out Smart Ass .
tr	NN	Moments later another unmarked van pulled up .
tr	NNS	There were murmurs of approval to this as they looked towards the open front door of the large house .
tr	NNS	Several key members of the Council are now referring to you as Sherlock . "
tr	NNS	Screams came from upstairs , and Mr. Ralston ran toward them .
tr	NNS	Diggs shook his head .
tr	NN	There was nothing high tech or low tech .
tr	NNS	Alexis forcefully sat me down in a chair that was about ten feet away from the throne .
tr	NNS	Things were a little different back in the old days .
tr	NN	From somewhere near at hand , an owl hooted once , then took flight .
tr	NN	That punk over there laid his hands on you , and I don 't like it .
tr	NN	Brakes shriek and dust swamps the windows .
tr	NNS	Gideon was probably right , those pitiful creatures probably would have preferred death to the life of starvation and struggle they now endured .
tr	NNS	Our tongues played while our hands explored places we already knew existed .
tr	NN	Lukas ' scowl hadn 't had a chance to stay away for long .
tr	NN	The proof he had was standing before him .
tr	NNS	Various specialists visited me up at the hospital .
tr	NN	A large television hung from the wall in the corner .
tr	NNS	The rats had not quite reached the tunnel entrance as the bats swept into it .
tr	NNS	My earlier nap probably didn 't help matters .
tr	NNS	If that bothers you , Gunner 's goggles are good for that .
tr	NN	The referee checked on Luisa 's opponent and didn 't even take a moment , before he started to signal the end of the match .
tr	NNS	Genevieve 's footsteps scuttled toward them .
tr	NNS	Even though no longer fixed to their strings , the puppets still moved as if alive .
tr	NNS	Flowers and garlands snowed down from the crowded rooftops and terraces .
tr	NNS	Alexis was angry , quiet -- as she grew older she learned to hate life .
tr	NN	The applause got louder .
tr	NN	As we were talking , the receptionist advised us that Mr. Tomlinson was ready to see us .
tr	NN	Every instinct in me screamed to get away from these things , but I held my ground .
tr	NN	The writing here on the edge is in the same language of the voices before . "
tr	NNS	A witch deals with things , said her Second Thoughts .
tr	NNS	The frequencies are right , all of it .
tr	NNS	Samuels was offering the two women Jeremy 's freedom in exchange for her own life .
tr	NNS	No , the directions he 'd memorized from the note led him south in this hour before sunrise .
tr	NNS	The wolves within the trees launched into the clearing and my Pack erupted in battle around me .
tr	NN	The lead EMT said still laughing .
tr	NN	Jazz stared at him for a few seconds of silence , then reached up and pressed the red button .
tr	NNS	Large stainless appliances line the back wall .
tr	NNS	Alexis provided this majestic event to point out that her people could no longer afford to remain as isolated from the world as they had been .
tr	NN	Then Marcia 's reflection faded , followed by Aunt Zelda 's .
tr	NN	Her guardian , Jordan , leaped atop the dais , ready to shelter her .
tr	NNS	" These signs are all over the city .
tr	NNS	His actions today have proven his faithfulness .
tr	NNS	But along the way , the travelers encounter all new dangers , both on land as well as in the sea .
tr	NN	There 's nothing accidental or casual about that .
tr	NN	His stern gaze defied Diana to contradict him .
tr	NN	Two weeks living off what God has supplied for us , " Pitman 's partner stated as an explanation .
tr	NN	The medic who stitched up Frank 's lip made such a mess of it that he was left with a permanent scar .
tr	NN	Part of me wondered if he had a point , but when I looked into his eyes I realized this was just where I wanted to be .
tr	NN	A black Reaper robe hid her clothes from sight , but she wasn 't wearing a mask so I could see her face .
tr	NN	" What bloody idiot has got their hands on that old thing ? "
tr	NN	But mommy guilt runs deep .
tr	NN	The language you used is sophisticated and your words are more than beautiful ... " " Len , be serious ! "
tr	NNS	There were four rows of stalls , for a total of twenty-four .
tr	NN	The bearded hunter shook his head and continued to comb his fingers through his hair .
tr	NN	There was a slight thud as it hit the bars , and Mana hooked it with one hand and drew it into the cage .
tr	NN	My pulse raced , and I hurried over to another .
tr	NNS	Things were looking better and better .
tr	NNS	The barks are distant at first , but grow rapidly louder as the dog makes its way through the house .
tr	NN	Reality was , for Chicky , this whole fantasy world that she had invented of a busy , bustling , successful Manhattan lifestyle .
tr	NNS	" Lives are short .
tr	NN	The CD player immediately came on .
tr	NN	After making this list , the principal says , " Let 's consider another plan .
tr	NNS	Although started with the best of intentions , its usage priorities quickly changed .
tr	NN	' Which locker 's the tape in ? '
tr	NN	The tip withdrew -- then slammed into the same spot with a force that seemed to pierce Tristan 's back .
tr	NN	A crone approached her .
tr	NN	' I don 't have mine on me , ' Love said as they came to a stop at a set of traffic lights .
tr	NN	" That bastard knew about this when he sold us the house .
tr	NNS	" Fresh vegetables , " she said , pulling out bags from her crisper drawer .
tr	NN	" Whichever , " the birthmark says .
tr	NNS	The drapes looked perplexed .
tr	NNS	The jaws slammed shut , locked for the last time in death .
tr	NNS	Romulus peeked around the corner of the lane and scanned the surroundings .
tr	NN	The hood fell off my head .
tr	NN	The young policeman who took me through my statement said that you were making progress .
tr	NN	The first slide showed a large ship with an elaborate superstructure on the stern .
tr	NNS	Little blue petals went flying , whipping past my ankles before drifting to the ground .
tr	NN	Part of me wants to put my arm around her shoulder .
tr	NNS	Looks like you 'll be living in Wombat Hole forever . "
tr	NN	There was a stirring in the crowd , an expectation .
tr	NN	There 's a logical explanation for this .
tr	NNS	Brilliant colors blended together in a dazzling array , making her blink to test the reality of the image .
tr	NNS	The smugness swathed his face then .
tr	NNS	To call these guys elves or goblins would be too kind to them .
tr	NN	" There 's an emergency assembly in an hour down in Carlson Hall .
tr	NN	For Plotinus , the main function of philosophy was to prepare individuals for the experience of ecstasy , in which they become one with God .
tr	NNS	" All myths find their foundations in history .
tr	NN	Her pulse had kicked up a notch , a response that she was growing used to .
tr	NN	The leader flicked its hands and said , " We know about that .
tr	NN	The townsfolk had learned to sleep through the racket .
tr	NN	" Quick , everybody down , " a student yelled .
tr	NNS	Maybe the short sleep sessions will help . "
tr	NNS	There were endless hugs and more tears ( hardly any from me ) and plans for a funeral and lots of food that no one ate .
tr	NNS	Sometimes nuns will take in the sick .
tr	NNS	The images of Matteo 's men , my comrades , strewn on the ground .
tr	NN	There was that term again .
tr	NN	She has done our family proud , " stated the ambassador .
tr	NNS	Our professors , both Italian and American , had begged us to be cautious .
tr	NNS	My wrists hurt as it was pressed under his palm .
tr	NNS	Things are going well at first .
tr	NN	Every warrior instinct he possessed rebelled .
tr	NN	The hatch was completely open now and the shuttle passed into a smaller , less impressive room than I had expected .
tr	NN	Your grandmother had been pushing me for the last year to go and get another teaching job , but I didn 't want to leave her side .
tr	NN	My only option was waking him up the hard way .
tr	NNS	The sleeping quarters she 'd seen this morning had been the utilitarian space of a man who had few needs and not much time for luxuries .
tr	NNS	Heavy footsteps bring me back to reality ; helping me see despite not being able to move .
tr	NN	There was an audible click , then Peter picked up .
tr	NNS	Flames burst up around us , and Andrew swoops me up just before I am about to crash against a jagged stalagmite .
tr	NNS	Girls work the ruins digging up artifacts the masters need .
tr	NN	" The trick is to notice them when they come around . "
tr	NNS	And her kisses , the way I felt like all that light and energy seeped from her to me when our lips touched .
tr	NN	Despite being strafed by ground fire and taking on damage , the pilot had kept control of the chopper fairly well .
tr	NN	The trick is making good friends . "
tr	NN	He stepped back and dropped his boxers , released the proof of how much he wanted her .
tr	NNS	The cleaners would be here soon .
tr	NNS	Those blue depths that were filled with so many colliding emotions she couldn 't identify them .
tr	NN	A sob rose in her throat but his deep , open-mouthed kisses swallowed any sound .
tr	NN	The feline jumped to the floor with a recalcitrant meow and took off down the hall .
tr	NNS	The defenders hide behind the closest row of sandbags .
tr	NNS	As my physical need for sleep starts overpowering everything else , my eyelids begin to droop .
tr	NN	This unexpected arrival would throw the morning off .
tr	NN	Her h * ps did this delightful little swivel , grinding against him in a way that sucked the air from his lungs .
tr	NNS	Others rushed into the keep .
tr	NNS	Most groupies were happy to simply stand near a Shifter ; others wanted full-on sex .
tr	NNS	Her fellow captives had their hands full keeping themselves alive .
tr	NN	The leopard was large and sleek , almost the size of a lion .
tr	NNS	Fucking pain in the ass when you 're not the only one with miraculous awesome abilities , damn stupid siblings .
tr	NNS	" The zombies did make it into your house . "
tr	NN	The former inspector approved of this import from New York ; its smaller shape promised to make it more suitable for the packed streets .
tr	NNS	Things were easier for her , now that her father had passed .
tr	NN	Their briefing was to act as strangers , which was not difficult considering they were two among three thousand passengers milling about the airport .
tr	NN	You wouldn 't know whom it might have been then , the policeman once again asked him .
tr	NNS	The first few seminar sessions I avoided commenting on the questions Pari brought up ; instead concentrating on responding to my classmates .
tr	NN	When Montrose scored from three yards out , the first quarter expired .
tr	NN	" The basketball player . "
tr	NN	Today , my pilot , the one your sister picked out , stole my twenty million dollar Sikorsky helicopter .
tr	NNS	Ornate light fixtures hung from a freshly plastered and painted ceiling .
tr	NNS	The batteries only last 240 seconds .
tr	NNS	The sentences are getting longer . "
tr	NNS	Around us , the Welsh warriors took shelter and waited for the storm to pass .
tr	NN	No lone hunter will take this one down alone .
tr	NNS	His actions were gentle , but his voice was stern .
tr	NN	A thrill shot through my body .
tr	NNS	Words oozed out of his mouth in a crawl , maybe a practiced patter of Kentucky keepers of the law .
tr	NN	His pulse beat steady and strong , though he still wasn 't moving .
tr	NNS	And , when you see a fire burning , the myriad colors that it exudes make mind respond differently .
tr	NNS	Get my ship ready , lasers armed and programmed for the original Earth frequency .
tr	NNS	Four inches of dry , wind-blown , drifting snow now coated everything , with more steadily falling .
tr	NNS	Our bellies were full and our brain cells sufficiently lubricated .
tr	NN	Like you 're a secret agent ? "
tr	NN	Inside she saw a pipe and a bag that held tobacco .
tr	NNS	Cars drove by , some slow , some faster .
tr	NN	" The dictionary says that it 's delight or satisfaction felt for oneself or someone else .
tr	NN	" No offense , but your stuff is way , too overpriced ! "
tr	NN	The lightning bounced off his chest like it had hit a rubber wall .
tr	NNS	Cars and trucks were moving on the streets .
tr	NN	Two seconds later , another bullet chipped rock somewhere above Diego 's head .
tr	NN	Moreover , her favorite bra had disappeared with it .
tr	NN	The coma was to keep his brain from swelling and causing more damage .
tr	NN	There is also the concept of acreage .
tr	NN	But this slave was from her world .
tr	NN	' Want me to tag along , ' his partner enquired .
tr	NNS	Those last four inches might as well have been a mile .
tr	NN	" Best damn neighbor a man could have .
tr	NN	" After the California incident in 2017 your government was in shambles .
tr	NNS	Those efforts , little things one on another , helped to foster a deeper community spirit . "
tr	NN	" For you , Woodstock , my schedule is completely open . "
tr	NNS	Images of making love with him flitted through my mind and desire flooded my body like molten lava .
tr	NNS	" Things are very messed up in this place .
tr	NN	A gong sounds off to signal the start and end of a training day , without fail , every single morning .
tr	NN	" Which fairy-tale heroine goes around snooping ?
tr	NNS	Others push closer , touching her skin to see if it 's sleeker than theirs .
tr	NN	The dean of the college spilled wine on her party dress , and the conversation quickly turned to the role of birthday wishes in traditional fairy tales .
tr	NN	The training bullet hits the outer circle of the target and bounces off , rolling on the floor .
tr	NNS	" Your letters I 've tolerated and even from time to time I 've written to you .
tr	NNS	The species is extinct . "
tr	NNS	Sadness rang in her grandfather 's tone .
tr	NN	Her newfound uncle released her , only to take her arm a second later .
tr	NNS	There are three other handlers in here , watching their charges .
tr	NNS	Soon the possibilities will be endless . "
tr	NN	the mayor asked with panic in his voice .
tr	NNS	He leaned forward and hung his head , staring down at the Oriental carpet so long , the colors smeared into one big bruise .
tr	NN	And there 's a heap of trouble above us .
tr	NN	Hell , no badge liked to have his authority challenged .
tr	NN	The seductive slide in his voice causes the back of my neck to tickle .
tr	NNS	And under his thick , dark brows , pulled together slightly as he studied my eyes , those shining green emeralds stood out , brightening my day .
tr	NN	At the bottom of each finger is a thick white scar .
tr	NNS	The two ladies she served upstairs in the dining room were equally silent .
tr	NNS	" Please , " Crewe presses .
tr	NNS	In the past , my Amazons were many , but battle losses have scarred them and I want more .
tr	NN	The whale rose again and rolled slightly over on one side , his vast eye curious .
tr	NNS	After that , the authorities could arrive .
tr	NNS	Three stomachs and a digestive system like an industrial distillation plant gave you a lot of time for sitting and thinking .
tr	NNS	There were two newspapers lying by the front steps .
tr	NN	His tail began to wag .
tr	NNS	There were no guarantees , but all I wanted was an opportunity to be heard .
tr	NN	" So obviously the murderer saw the outline was roughly the same and seized the opportunity . "
tr	NNS	Unlike vampires , wolves couldn 't survive a shot of silver to the heart .
tr	NNS	The colors melted before my eyes and spun into murky brown , then blackness , and I saw no more .
tr	NNS	My eyelids feel heavy and my breathing slows .
tr	NN	The flank collapsed and several hundred warriors broke and began to run in all directions .
tr	NN	Behind him the resort glowed and twinkled , a luminous balloon of warmth and comfort and relaxation .
tr	NN	Behind me , the other nursing student marched off to Pathology with the samples from the sniffling toddler .
tr	NNS	My grandparents moved here from Pennsylvania when beachfront property was a lot cheaper .
tr	NN	No more cocoa and marmalade pudding after hours , she thought .
tr	NNS	The fight sessions are first cool .
tr	NNS	The ceilings were domed and fifty feet tall .
tr	NN	Emma 's pulse began to slow when no one entered the store behind her or jumped out to grab her .
tr	NNS	In all the intrigue , the pirates - now fourteen of them - had forgotten where they were .
tr	NNS	Dwarf scholars had , with delicacy and care and the blunting of fifteen saw blades , removed a tiny slice of it .
tr	NNS	Adding to the challenges of trade , the mountain ranges were impassible except through the High Passes of the Sky Kingdom .
tr	NNS	Just two lovers out for a midnight stroll . "
tr	NNS	" Your abilities stay with you .
tr	NN	A clay pigeon shot from the thrower .
tr	NNS	The cool tiles on her bare feet shot goose bumps over her body .
tr	NNS	Others strolled through the streets of the village , no urgency in their gait .
tr	NNS	" Things have become complicated . "
tr	NN	Even after I ran away , that guilt followed me relentlessly .
tr	NN	And then there was another rumbling : a tumbling , swelling sound , as of distant thunder , terrifying , growing louder .
tr	NN	The teacher looked right at her .
tr	NN	The cheerful melody caught the attention of Santa who was now transfixed by the softly crooning child in his lap .
tr	NNS	Myles stared at a picture of the shoe impressions he 'd already seen on the linoleum of the vacation rental .
tr	NN	" Not really a big fan of these things , " she said , flicking her long blonde hair .
tr	NN	With a nod , the hunter hurried back the way he 'd come .
tr	NN	A T-shirt was definitely out of the question .
tr	NN	The TV flickered cheerfully , showing a sitcom so old Emma didn 't even recognize it .
tr	NN	The warrior in me is too strong today for me to feel weakness .
tr	NNS	" If you change your mind about painting , the supplies are through that door . "
tr	NN	His success in the courtroom and public arena still amazed her .
tr	NNS	What are their hobbies ?
tr	NNS	The border villages had especially suffered from the attack , and there were only few survivors .
tr	NNS	Student teachers didn 't earn money and she 'd been forced to give up her scholarship because she couldn 't afford housing on campus or otherwise .
tr	NNS	The jaws of the crane swung away from the cage , then back toward it as fast as Eli could jerk the controls .
tr	NNS	" My apologies , " Casper whispered .
tr	NN	The seer looked him in the eye .
tr	NN	The archangel shook his head and handed her the DVD .
tr	NN	Storm paused long enough to take a breath that sounded burdened with patience on the exhale .
tr	NN	" Your honor at this point I would like to have the charges dropped .
tr	NN	Where there was no light at all , even a hunter was blind .
tr	NNS	This fullness was new and very interesting , but she couldn 't seem to stop shifting her hips , needing him to do ... something .
tr	NNS	Things are so much easier that way .
tr	NNS	These pills are only 99 milligrams each . "
tr	NNS	Things sure ain 't gon na get any better here .
tr	NNS	How can playing cards know anything ? "
tr	NNS	Werewolves , unlike most of the other immortals , shared their secrets with humans .
tr	NN	A veil descended over his face .
tr	NNS	The members grew animated with the promise of a hunt and a clear directive .
tr	NN	A tremor worked through her .
tr	NNS	Even though his mother disappeared at the same time , the authorities always obtained more tips about missing children than missing adults .
tr	NNS	His five companions pushed their way through as if they were the club 's owners , rather than guests .
tr	NN	" But not your birth certificate .
tr	NNS	Looks like they 're some kinda gang or something .
tr	NNS	The streetlights were lit , as were store windows , and the buildings were darkened silhouettes with a scattering of glowing office windows .
tr	NN	" What 's an umbrella ? "
tr	NNS	Maybe rehearsals would change my mind .
tr	NN	Yet a muffled cough and a ruffling of leaves pinpointed his sight exactly to a spot ten paces to his left midway between two elms .
tr	NNS	The French leaders have a plan in place by mid afternoon and Levis and much of his staff rides east to his encampment .
tr	NNS	My two buddies are U.S. Marshals , names withheld , but they are nice enough .
tr	NNS	Things were looking worse again .
tr	NN	Was Devlin saving me for last ?
tr	NNS	Her opponents , all six , lay dead or dying -- the leader still twitched at Alex 's feet , unaware he had died .
tr	NN	Chance lunged across that bar , moving faster than a striking snake .
tr	NN	The last shelf contained a mixture of pictures of Lauren and her family .
tr	NN	Only the glint of the sun on its windows showed it was there .
tr	NNS	There were fathers arguing with sons .
tr	NN	" What 's your medication , doctor ? "
tr	NNS	" What are these episodes ? "
tr	NN	The van bumped and jostled , and Cassidy remembered another night .
tr	NN	There was a balcony just off my bedroom that overlooked the ocean .
tr	NNS	" Things are fine !
tr	NN	' His diary which remarkably survived the long years on the deserted island . '
tr	NN	The clench of his fingers on my arms would have caused a bruise in a normal woman .
tr	NN	One quick stab would barely leave a skin mark but inside would be a mess of damage .
tr	NN	The lack of combat bothered him .
tr	NNS	Girls are not pats of butter .
tr	NN	My dearest friend Harriet has emigrated to Canada , and I am staying with her father , David Campbell , and his new wife .
tr	NNS	Flowers covered the ground of the clearing .
tr	NNS	Things that were old , new , borrowed , and blue .
tr	NN	The attorney eyed her father coolly as he offered , " She never said . "
tr	NN	A fine layer of white coated each leaf .
tr	NN	The feather miraculously straightened as soon as it transferred hands , becoming as perfect and gleaming as it had once been , if not even more .
tr	NNS	She gave him a wry , humorless smile .
tr	NN	' Suman , college student will going to laugh at you .
tr	NN	The government soon tossed his dossier in the bottom cabinet with UFO enthusiasts and Bigfoot fanatics .
tr	NNS	" These contacts are special .
tr	NNS	No worries about luck there , " I said with as much bravado I could muster , not even convincing myself .
tr	NN	I bet if she 'd been mortal , a blush would be forming up her cheeks right now .
tr	NN	" And whose kisses do that to you ? "
tr	NN	The parlor has a purple signage , and in the night , there are orange lights that dance around the words " Beautiful Hair . "
tr	NN	Lightning and thunder burst above them .
tr	NNS	What will our efforts fix ?
tr	NN	The growl was from his beast , one that was never far from the surface these days .
tr	NN	But that student felt strongly enough to act .
tr	NN	No , no spider would dare to hang out here .
tr	NN	The lieutenant turned to Justus with a smirk .
tr	NN	Now , with the exception of the Great One 's personal guard , and priests of his temple , the castle lay empty .
tr	NNS	Consequently , my ceilings slant beneath the line of the roof .
tr	NNS	Most Thanksgiving dinners in town this year would come out of cans : yuck .
tr	NNS	Things tend to run together . "
tr	NNS	His passengers - those few still remaining , that was - seemed all right .
tr	NN	" My lord , perhaps I didn 't explain correctly -- " " You explained very well , Roger ! "
tr	NNS	No signs of struggle , " he said , his voice low .
tr	NN	" There was already a concentrated assault and we handled it .
tr	NNS	' And ... the servants ... ? '
tr	NN	After the man made no reply , the dragon turned and left him . '
tr	NN	Part of my success , I believed , was that I carried a wide range of yarns from the inexpensive to the more exclusive .
tr	NNS	Others flooded in from the two side rooms .
tr	NN	The warrior stood quickly , " No , I am sure most warriors , would find kissing you very pleasant . "
tr	NNS	A few ideas , however , are like tidal waves .
tr	NN	" How about a dollar for both ? "
tr	NNS	Things here are getting sticky .
tr	NN	There was a crash beside the priest .
tr	NN	Her h * ps started to shake and so did her legs , and it was all she could do not to lose control and just fly .
tr	NNS	Hendricks smiled and waved in Bryan 's direction .
tr	NNS	Diggs put his arm around my shoulder , but I stepped away from him .
tr	NNS	There weren 't many human experiences that I worried about missing .
tr	NNS	" Other detectives involve themselves in matters like that .
tr	NN	And there 's a tape too , on that burglar system .
tr	NN	The ranger shook his head .
tr	NN	Another dragon flew under the one Izzy held on to , and that 's when Izzy released her grip on the mane .
tr	NNS	Still had the cognitive functions of his brain .
tr	NNS	Jacques pupils enlarged at that moment and I knew I had him .
tr	NN	There was a sharp rap on the door followed by a low , chillingly familiar male voice .
tr	NNS	There were three angelic factions .
tr	NNS	His thermos of coffee all gone , Nick just wanted to get back home and thaw out .
tr	NN	One student in the middle row raised his hand .
tr	NNS	Five first place coins and it should have been seven . "
tr	NN	His smile crept into his face much like a boy with a secret , the glee in his eyes made her wonder what he was thinking .
tr	NNS	Hephaestus and Ares leaped to their feet , but Zeus waved his hand , warding them off me . "
tr	NN	His new technique allows him to engineered phages to attack specific , harmful bacteria .
tr	NN	My cheeks reddened and my mouth parted in shock .
tr	NNS	Numerous cameras would be covering the City Circle .
tr	NN	" Jazz may want to sleep alone .
tr	NNS	The villagers and elves would have to fend for themselves for now .
tr	NNS	" Things are going off track .
tr	NNS	Girls who had songs dedicated to them .
tr	NN	His progress has been great over the last twelve hours . "
tr	NNS	If the other captain has been less than friendly , the captains shout at each other through speaking trumpets across the water .
tr	NN	The hatch slid closed right on Henninger 's mid-section , trapping him half way out of his planned escape .
tr	NN	If our enemy comes from the western cliffs , ' t is time we find them and bring an end to this chaos . "
tr	NNS	The drinks returned first .
tr	NN	His old pal was the South Town assessor and had been scouting for the right location for months .
tr	NNS	The invaders could easily pass around the structures and continue on if they cared little for leaving an enemy at their backs .
tr	NNS	Some losses ran deep , and time moved too slowly in a lifetime to heal them completely .
tr	NNS	The thick strands beneath its legs caught fire and snapped , sending the flaming ball of spider crashing down onto the stone floor .
tr	NN	His embarrassment led to angry outbursts , something Edward , his doctor and Mike were dealing with .
tr	NNS	Werewolves can 't swim . "
tr	NNS	Dark blue drapes hung at the windows tied with golden tassels .
tr	NN	The raven , we soon realized , was following us .
tr	NNS	The hunched figure shudders , then glances ahead with trepidation .
tr	NN	The bastard had kidnapped her .
tr	NN	Your uncle and I miss you terribly .
tr	NN	When it clicks , the valve closes trapping the water above .
tr	NNS	A few Freaks struggled in their snares ; others had been killed outright .
tr	NNS	The fans loved him last night .
tr	NNS	" Don 't say that , " Emma objects .
tr	NN	The operator now realized his mistake and sought an exit .
tr	NN	This condition dulls the senses and turns the animals eyes red . "
tr	NNS	But meetings are not my bag .
tr	NNS	Reyes drew close to the box and flipped the lid .
tr	NN	There was a soft grunt .
tr	NNS	There are no refrigerated glass cases for meat .
tr	NN	" Great , when we need a love struck arm wrestling contest won I 'll make sure your schedule is open . "
tr	NNS	The smugness in his voice was hard to miss .
tr	NN	The spider sitting in his brain stared at me with its many eyes .
tr	NNS	The concepts were pondering the craft , as was Brick .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids began to droop .
tr	NN	The bacon he was cooking popped .
tr	NN	There was a roar in my ears that shifted and settled in my chest .
tr	NNS	The images are not clear .
tr	NN	The priest motioned to the wall of icons .
tr	NN	The healer said that I could start stretching and exercising again in about a week , which is great news as far as I 'm concerned .
tr	NNS	Four teachers sought to organize their sixty or so charges .
tr	NN	The electricity between the two of us was almost palpable and I drew in a sharp breath .
tr	NN	The policeman driving the car glanced back at Beth with a confused frown .
tr	NNS	The creatures were grotesque and evil and worse than the human monsters she 'd encountered .
tr	NN	The bay is in shambles .
tr	NNS	Things happened fast after that .
tr	NN	As he stared , the butterfly lost its shape , and the colors bled together like a chalk painting in the rain .
tr	NNS	The minds of Amy and her inhuman friend drifted as they stared out into the peaceful setting that lay below .
tr	NNS	Reyes stared at the box , shaking his head .
tr	NNS	Things all clicked into place shortly afterwards .
tr	NNS	His footprints left deep impressions as he waded toward the spot where the figure had crouched .
tr	NNS	His nostrils suddenly flared as if trying to catch a scent .
tr	NN	' It gets better , boy , ' the sergeant said , leaning back in his chair and taking a long drink from his beer tankard .
tr	NN	Another werewolf was in the lead , followed by a large group of what appeared to be humans .
tr	NNS	There were several police cruisers parked outside .
tr	NN	Inside the ark were posts like tent posts that fit into little pockets sewn into the corners of the tarp .
tr	NNS	Monday , he raced as hard as he could , riding Naji , the long reins held very securely by Adam and Ernest , on their horses .
tr	NNS	But the pills wouldn 't budge from her palms .
tr	NN	A hose and a Band-Aid aren 't going to help this time , Jenny thought , but it was easier just to hold on to Zach .
tr	NNS	Loud shouts echoed throughout the streets as a man swung his fists at anyone who was near him .
tr	NN	Our tradition is that the male gives the female a token of his love .
tr	NN	" What 's the point , " almost hypnotized , her twin was watching the monster 's body pulsating above them .
tr	NNS	The actors all embody their characters believably enough , and while the story is nothing special , it does justice to Shirley Jackson 's novel .
tr	NNS	Both women 's expressions fell from polite excitement to shock .
tr	NNS	From what I could sense , there were three separate , small openings , but if I hesitated they would be gone .
tr	NNS	Inside the envelope with my name on it were two tickets , a lanyard , and a note from Josh .
tr	NNS	Of course , there were witnesses to all of the shootings .
tr	NN	What werewolf wants to come to England when he has the rolling green of the Lowland to run ?
tr	NNS	The vamps wouldn 't get them , though .
tr	NN	" Even sour wine is better than none , " said Kyle the Cat .
tr	NN	The footmen had just brought in the second course when the house major came in and signaled to Patric .
tr	NN	My nerve ending sensors thrilled at his touch .
tr	NNS	Have the twins found out what he 's looking for ? '
tr	NNS	What do your instincts say about us ? "
tr	NNS	Waves of honey brown hair hung loose past her shoulders .
tr	NN	The copper like smell of old and new blood was so substantial that the men coughed constantly .
tr	NNS	The crayon colors should not adhere to you or your hair , unless you place it there for annoyingly fun .
tr	NN	The pilot canted the helicopter on its side and searched below .
tr	NN	This new development was so not good .
tr	NN	The sub was close now .
tr	NNS	Thin strips of light slipped through the cracks in the roof thirty feet up , painting rosy prison bars on the floor .
tr	NNS	What were the chances she could trust Isak 's people to clean up this mess ?
tr	NN	Andrea 's growl answered .
tr	NN	" My lord , if it concerns the earl of Chester it must be important .
tr	NNS	My black fingernails were in stark contrast with the gray cement .
tr	NNS	Not that her efforts had done Sammy any good .
tr	NN	His pulse started to race and his breathing quickened in anticipation .
tr	NNS	Designer drunks , ' she giggled , her own sobriety in question .
tr	NNS	The rims of the vans ' steel wheels rested on the ground .
tr	NN	The employer slept in his clothes on top of Toby 's bed .
tr	NN	To my left are a gray and a chestnut tearing at each other .
tr	NNS	Their media is obscene . '
tr	NNS	Chills crept up my arm .
tr	NNS	In bars and living rooms over the globe , millions leaned toward their televisions in apprehensive wonder .
tr	NNS	The iron frames looked skeletal in the moonlight and ridiculously far away .
tr	NN	Just then , the pilot of the landed Blackhawk receives another order , to return the civilian to the building .
tr	NN	Her grandmother assisted her out of the water and handed her a towel .
tr	NN	' That 's right , Mr Staines , ' the matron said .
tr	NN	The little diamond wobbled , then ran onto her finger , cold and wet .
tr	NN	" Monday at four , the parish secretary went in to water plants before she left for the day .
tr	NNS	The moss was badly damaged , as if something big and clumsy had trampled it .
tr	NN	A heavy ceiling fan spun slowly .
tr	NN	The reverend had never been so blunt with her .
tr	NNS	Or rather his suggestions did .
tr	NN	We don , t know that they , re all even still alive . "
tr	NNS	When the defenses began to crumble .
tr	NNS	Words failed her since she could barely take in a breath when he was touching her .
tr	NNS	" Souls are strange things , lady .
tr	NN	The psychiatrist is always a twisted psychopath . "
tr	NNS	As she took things out , the pills dropped on the floor .
tr	NNS	My soldier instincts kicked in again and I knocked him back down to the ground , with my hands pinning him down .
tr	NN	Trades coin for magic potions some say . "
tr	NNS	Cold chills ran up and down my spine , and I felt as though the cave around me was spinning .
tr	NN	There was a large flat screen television mounted on his wall across from the bed .
tr	NN	His highly unusual accent grabs the Princess ' attention as she forgives the interruption for now .
tr	NNS	The shell necklaces and broken Sager Cat teeth , only got them a small stale loaf of bread and a handful of Ice .
tr	NN	For Bellamy to question Wyse 's integrity was one thing , but to raise doubts about Roy 's went over the line .
tr	NN	Just a little farther and - Castor cried out .
tr	NNS	Search warrants are for your people , not mine .
tr	NN	23 Kellen weaved through what little traffic Sun City had during the middle afternoon hours .
tr	NN	Happy gardening , " she said .
tr	NN	A diversion never hurt .
tr	NN	' Lie lie ' ? "
tr	NN	Her mate stepped closer invading Doc 's space .
tr	NN	Her voice had grown tight , the thrusts of her h * ps back and into his harder .
tr	NN	An amused grunt directed my attention back to Vlad .
tr	NNS	Cadmus stood proudly , straight and tall , in front of my father .
tr	NN	" And what is your profit in this arrangement ? "
tr	NNS	His beautiful wooden floors smeared .
tr	NNS	Their alcoholic fathers taught them this .
tr	NN	A huge crash sounded behind her .
tr	NNS	These new arrivals all had better gear , but none of them seemed to be from Texas .
tr	NN	This development scares me to the core .
tr	NNS	There was the same telltale tightness in his chest and throat .
tr	NN	If Liam hurt her , clan leader or no , brother or no , Sean would attack him .
tr	NNS	Others shrank away as if they were afraid I might hit them .
tr	NN	Each fighter started to head to their respective corners , both trying to slide upright , not wanting to show any signs of damage to their opponent .
tr	NN	" Last time we split up , this bastard ran away , Doc got shot , and Grady disappeared .
tr	NNS	The low afternoon suns wrapped everything in mellow light , as if to suggest to slow down and enjoy living .
tr	NNS	Holiday 's footsteps faded into the sound of the music from next door .
tr	NN	The inspector felt nausea .
tr	NN	For what I have in mind , nudity works best . "
tr	NN	her friend answered , an amused smile crossing her face .
tr	NNS	Fancy dinners are much more my scene .
tr	NN	And as he lifted his head , the roar that ripped out of his mouth shook the entire forest with feral , deadly fury .
tr	NN	An old trick my fourth husband showed me . "
tr	NNS	The images never last more than a few seconds . "
tr	NN	But my circumstance is a bit different than yours . "
tr	NNS	Folks round here call me Lil .
tr	NN	Einstein 's tail wagged ecstatically as he turned himself inside out at Kat 's feet .
tr	NNS	In times where I 've laid with your kind , the eggs were always inert and lifeless . "
tr	NN	All the kindness came off his face .
tr	NN	Love dropped his gaze .
tr	NN	The paint peeled up in flaking ribbons around a pitted brass knocker .
tr	NN	My grandfather 's greeting came from the other side of the paper ; he didn 't lower it to look at us .
tr	NN	People sweep into the room , surround me .
tr	NNS	" How long did these negotiations over the price for the horse take ? "
tr	NNS	Several members would see the token and leave her alone .
tr	NN	The rider stared at King Ignis for a few moments and seemed to be considering the situation .
tr	NN	The uncertainty she heard in it was more than she could bear .
tr	NN	Or rather , the same government ; there hasn 't really been a change .
tr	NN	Lola 's habit was to bolt past me out the door .
tr	NNS	The precise workings of the system were a closely held secret .
tr	NN	My uncle is a vet .
tr	NNS	There were several large rips running across it .
tr	NNS	His quirky texts had kept her smiling through the last few weeks , and she hoped that would continue even when he was her boss .
tr	NN	" How is our stealth equipment holding up ? "
tr	NNS	Diggs glanced at his watch .
tr	NNS	The two tunnels made their way underneath the city in opposite directions .
tr	NN	From behind the bush , the trio watched as the last of the children passed by .
tr	NN	" Apparently , the twelve limit on time travel is too much .
tr	NN	The fitted bodice plumped her breasts up high , and the skirt draped and clung to her legs .
tr	NNS	Over seventy cycles ago these differences plunged my world into a terrible war that threatened to tear it apart .
tr	NN	The leopard dragged the body of the man out from the doorway and into the yard toward the other human .
tr	NN	The opera is in Italian , of course , and it might be a bit hard to follow . "
tr	NNS	" But the chances of all those food items being requested by someone not holding Lord Lodge are incredibly slim .
tr	NNS	Many nations had forgotten their heritage .
tr	NNS	The tests went well . "
tr	NN	Avril and I walked back to the site with the dogs , the police tape still up around the area but the cars and evidence vans gone .
tr	NN	If Mr Cameron is not available , then the deputy prime minister .
tr	NNS	Her movements were small and jerky when she shook her head .
tr	NNS	The sirens and lights were getting closer and Bill knew that this was probably the last time he 'd see Mike .
tr	NN	Lucan 's pulse spiked , more from concern than anger .
tr	NN	Harlow 's spine stiffened even straighter .
tr	NNS	Were we sharing the same dream ?
tr	NNS	The wolves and tigers there ate grass , like deer , but predators had coarser tastes , out here : they hunted apes .
tr	NN	His leg ached and his bandaged looked torn and full of dirt and leaves .
tr	NN	And her suitcase is empty .
tr	NN	Trey 's bullet had taken her through the neck , nicking an artery , and she 'd bled out , there in the dark .
tr	NNS	" There are different types of air . "
tr	NN	The stumbling explanation finally did the trick .
tr	NN	The other suspect was a male magic user who claimed to be a wizard , but had tripped something during the psychological screening .
tr	NNS	More dark cells and tinny voices ?
tr	NNS	A species survived if the best characteristics of its members were lucky to prevail .
tr	NNS	After breakfast , the seven companions who were fit set off to explore still further the wonders of this city .
tr	NNS	Skulls kept his eyes on Callum and Richard for a few more seconds and then disappeared inside the tarp - covered car .
tr	NN	My mother 's theory was that the girl was killed because of a treasure , a necklace that was worth a remarkable amount of money .
tr	NNS	Her cheekbones seemed too pronounced for her face , and her clothes hung on her body as if they were too big .
tr	NNS	The two vamps nodded , bobbed an old-fashioned curtsy , and withdrew back into the main room .
tr	NNS	The ideas tumbled over the next one and he shifted uncomfortably as his body reacted to his mind 's plans for the slender beauty .
tr	NNS	Then two other horns extended from near its ears , curving downwards , outwards and forwards in a small semi loop .
tr	NN	And while she was here , her only real option was to kill as many demons as she could .
tr	NN	The last strike must have bruised her muscle which made it painful to walk .
tr	NNS	The emptiness in my heart and the silence of my soul is too much to bear .
tr	NNS	Alexis pulled it off .
tr	NN	The captain took off her helm .
tr	NN	The pilot brought the vehicle back to hover mode and Adam displaced one of the techs at a terminal marked ' Firmware ' .
tr	NN	Even the power latent in their combined bloods could not suddenly restore this amount of deprivation .
tr	NN	A hulk of a man stood before me , not the skinny guy I 'd been speaking to .
tr	NNS	Things started to take shape .
tr	NN	Love pours through me .
tr	NNS	" Animals don 't .
tr	NN	Happily , there was no email to deal with and he idly searched for articles on De materia .
tr	NN	There was a rustling , the pulling on of clothes .
tr	NNS	Very humorous , if you think about it , given your own sentence .
tr	NN	The guilt she still harbored over Ellie swelled in her chest .
tr	NN	* * * Yvette 's maid was the first to notice him .
tr	NNS	There are several exits from the hangar , and they couldn 't all be covered .
tr	NN	Without help and training a werewolf can be a very dangerous creature .
tr	NNS	The cool colors of the lawn below appealed to her need for change .
tr	NN	" Out of curiosity , what is enlightenment in Buddhism ? "
tr	NNS	Muscles rippled under its midnight fur ; the animal seemed as strong as a wild cat of some kind , almost like a miniature black cheetah .
tr	NNS	Only Mr. Edison 's immense resources and unrivaled equipment had enabled him to make the models whose powers had been so satisfactorily shown .
tr	NNS	My excellent fighting skills , swift speed , and quick reflexes are why I was selected into the Bellator world .
tr	NN	The applause continued as they made their way from the stage .
tr	NNS	" These little incidental fights aren 't usually very productive , but we 're losing the light . "
tr	NNS	Several rats shouted , " No ! "
tr	NNS	Lots of articles about people named Charles from various periods of history came up but , again , no exact match .
tr	NN	His aura was completely gray .
tr	NNS	Maris looked at them , her face radiant , and he saw her eyes widen with surprise at their militant stances .
tr	NN	Anyone else would be on their way to execution already , " the captain points out , even more confident in the presence of his men .
tr	NN	I ' l do it . "
tr	NN	Derek 's avoidance of her last night still stung .
tr	NN	But the partnership had its own set of problems .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of her lovely breasts pressing against his palm had nothing to do with that purpose .
tr	NN	The prophecy mentions a mountain bursting on crimson tides .
tr	NN	That guilt ate away at me every blessed day .
tr	NNS	Oh my , all my efforts seemed to be in vain .
tr	NN	Avril 's birthday was in a week and she was turning sixteen .
tr	NNS	Before this trip , there were no real worries in my life .
tr	NNS	Alexis took a deep breath .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of threats outside scattered from his brain and everything faded except for the feel of her .
tr	NNS	Then , her lies had caught up to her with a vengeance .
tr	NN	And a cough would have seemed a signal which her pride could not allow .
tr	NNS	The dam breaks and the tears come freely as the night replays as I close my eyes .
tr	NNS	The credits began to roll and we all stood to leave the theater .
tr	NNS	Whoever is here , their footsteps are getting closer .
tr	NN	There was a low rumbling of thunder in the distance .
tr	NNS	Cars to be precise .
tr	NN	our leader greeted cordially .
tr	NN	The receptionist snapped her head up .
tr	NN	The concierge came up to Marshall and told him that the limousine was waiting for him and he 'd contact the driver to pull up .
tr	NN	The gap of silence stretched out obnoxiously .
tr	NN	Part of the reason for their current wave of success was Nora Bridge , the newest sensation in talk radio .
tr	NNS	The strange spots on their bodies , had vanished now , the green salt they had been given , seemed to be the cure .
tr	NN	Her partner nodded back toward the hotel 's entrance .
tr	NNS	Soldiers slipped in the ooze .
tr	NN	The first FBI agent barreled quickly down the dock , his face bright red .
tr	NNS	The ladies were looking upon him with fawning expressions .
tr	NN	Suddenly my tablet goes blank and so does everyone else 's .
tr	NN	The government and its operatives were to be avoided , for they could turn on you at any moment .
tr	NN	Jazz was not averse to that .
tr	NNS	Now , my grandparents were a part of it .
tr	NNS	In fact , members of the sect , called the Knights Templar , did have artists ' copies of the Shroud for their religious services .
tr	NNS	Lots of room , Love remembered that .
tr	NNS	The ladies of New World won 't know what hit them . "
tr	NN	Then came the Korean War .
tr	NN	A sparkle of silver drew his eyes to the right .
tr	NN	But the chase was over for Stephanie as a slight beating awaited her at home .
tr	NNS	Chaos everywhere as vampires , fey , werewolves , all paranormal creatures run the streets wildly under the control of evil .
tr	NN	Then that naïve twit Daphne made eye contact with him .
tr	NNS	Where are the scones ?
tr	NN	His quick assessment left him with only one viable option .
tr	NN	The peripheral pattern repeats until a stretch of charred splinters interrupts the interminable greenness .
tr	NN	" So we agree not to question each other , " the warrior finally replied .
tr	NN	But that doesn 't change the fact that she is not my concubine , my mortal , she 's Leah , " Lucien replied .
tr	NN	The chaos of killing was beautiful in a way , and I contributed to it by opening another 's veins as it ran at me .
tr	NNS	" The Others is what happened to the dinosaurs . "
tr	NN	The barber wheezed with laughter and pulled on a chunk of Jack 's beard .
tr	NN	There was a gleam in his eyes that made my stomach feel as if there were thousands of butterflies fluttering within it .
tr	NN	' Wild goose chase , do you think ? '
tr	NN	Her belly quivered as he neared the patch of dark blond curls that shielded her sex .
tr	NNS	' And the rats steal a hundred times what they eat , the devils . ' '
tr	NNS	Reporting today 's activities would result in someone hunting them down .
tr	NN	Lane discipline was good .
tr	NNS	Only losers wanted drinking laws to be stricter .
tr	NN	A creepy , life-sized , cardboard clown grinned at me from a far corner .
tr	NN	A miracle kept me from screaming .
tr	NNS	Even after slavery 's abolition several next-generation Scottish settlers adapted to laziness having been the first born into wealth beyond poverty .
tr	NN	My shadowy escort must be waiting outside .
tr	NNS	Images were crowding his mind , filling him with an ominous sadness , and a near despair .
tr	NN	The attorney for Worldwide called and said they haven 't got the first note payment yet on the Panhandle Building . "
tr	NNS	Aria levels a concerned gaze at the doctor .
tr	NN	The sergeant ignored her question and hurried on .
tr	NNS	He crinkles his eyes up in what I 'm guessing he figures is a smile , reaching out to stroke my cheek .
tr	NNS	There were absolutely no security cameras in the hallway .
tr	NNS	The seals begin to grin .
tr	NN	The government doesn 't want people knowing things like that .
tr	NNS	Just as fast , my hopes deflate .
tr	NN	The Pod warrior drew his bow .
tr	NN	Before I can say a word , electricity shoots from her fingers .
tr	NN	Love seemed to be a damning condition for all vampires .
tr	NNS	The Earth settlers fail ; their buildings deteriorate year after year .
tr	NNS	The motors of the boat revved up high to signal Garcia that the boat had been stationary but was about to circle the lake .
tr	NNS	" So all roads lead to Uncle Marc . "
tr	NN	The puppet started running .
tr	NN	The lash flung the soldier brutally against a wooden support beam , and he folded with a loud grunt and crumpled to the floor .
tr	NN	There was this one chick , Kate , who would not take not for a answer .
tr	NNS	Then his eyelids went up and he said , " I 'd like that , " with a soft , gentle voice .
tr	NNS	There were no limits to her love or the sacrifices she 'd make to keep them safe .
tr	NN	The piper grinned at her .
tr	NN	But a serial killer ?
tr	NN	The shopping is great . "
tr	NNS	" Things were different when I was young .
tr	NN	The captain led her through a set of glass doors , and he pointed up as they entered into a garden .
tr	NNS	The legal documents would have to have some of the financial information I was looking for in them .
tr	NN	The dragon swooped down low enough for all of them to jump off .
tr	NN	What 's the closest airport ? "
tr	NNS	Although its climate was tropical , temperatures rarely soared above 90 degrees in the summer .
tr	NNS	For too long philosophers tended to look inward and deny the influence of the environment - the locality of causal influences on the organism .
tr	NNS	Fellow church members greeted them with smiles and thanked them for coming to help pack boxes of food for the needy .
tr	NN	The raven flew in slow , lazy circles , making his way over the treetops toward the western wall of the valley .
tr	NNS	Lighted colored squares in the sidewalks were tripping on and off everywhere .
tr	NN	A click sounded and we were out in a blink of an eye .
tr	NNS	Hands that were a little too friendly tried to slow her down .
tr	NNS	The oranges and reds and golds are shining over the horizon and onto our skin and everything is romantic and dreamy .
tr	NN	His warm chuckle made me feel immediately better , like my date with Smith was peanuts compared to everything else going on in my life .
tr	NN	But the examiner found extremely high amounts of diazepam in her bloodstream .
tr	NN	The bedchamber , situated below the earth , was as silent and as dark as a tomb .
tr	NNS	But so many warriors volunteered that some of the generals of Tuscaloosa had to lessen the number .
tr	NNS	His conceptual designs and artwork have appeared in films , and his landscapes , still lifes , and portraits are found in private collections .
tr	NN	" No , " the traveler responded .
tr	NNS	The woman 's pupils dilated .
tr	NNS	Girls from Villa Louisa leaned against the front desk , talking to their parents on their cell phones .
tr	NN	The coke rebalanced the world and Milner stood up from the couch and smiled .
tr	NN	But his body language spoke volumes .
tr	NN	Sam 's discomfort was catching , and my smile felt insincere .
tr	NN	A tremor was spreading through her , chilling her from the inside out , and her throat was so tight it was hard to breathe .
tr	NNS	The ladies had prepared a wonderful meal in a short time .
tr	NN	The priest had to take full responsibility for defeat .
tr	NNS	The only roads left are those to the farms that are just tracks really .
tr	NNS	When he coughed , drops of blood dripped from the corner of his mouth .
tr	NN	The video the news has been showing of me beating that girl is fake .
tr	NN	A heavy rustling , like the shaking of curtains , accompanied by a faint and distant squeaking filled the corridor .
tr	NNS	Far off , in the bayou , alligators slithered down the embankment to slide silently into the murky depths .
tr	NN	" And what would the Guild of Angels receive in return ? "
tr	NNS	Moses patted his hand when she finished .
tr	NN	The administrator led Rachel toward a series of tables where a lone man sat at a computer work station .
tr	NNS	The many pairs of eyes , a dazzling sea of sapphire , amethyst , emerald , topaz , and more all blinked into one single color .
tr	NNS	The chains set up a vibration against her skin .
tr	NN	The selfish bastard wasn 't willing to spend three hundred dollars on his son .
tr	NN	In fact , the goddess had been frighteningly quiet these days past .
tr	NNS	Ty raised his head and squared his shoulders , his nostrils flaring .
tr	NN	The knight approached the girl and knelt .
tr	NNS	The search and rescue efforts of the National Guard would take place as soon as the ash cloud stopped .
tr	NNS	Soldiers aren 't cute ! "
tr	NNS	But there 's a lot more than just museums .
tr	NNS	The common seals are actually rarer than the grey seals so we 're fortunate to see both today . "
tr	NNS	The wolves say the scent is the same .
tr	NN	Between the second and the third building there was a gap one building wide , through which Bradley and John usually passed to get to their entrance .
tr	NNS	Their practices attracted gawkers sometimes , but they never ventured close .
tr	NN	The reddish-brown swath appeared to snake toward the mountain range , as though it was an enormous , migrating herd .
tr	NNS	Rufus was extremely uneasy .
tr	NNS	What if these random deaths in the mists aren 't the problem at all ? "
tr	NN	Before he had a chance to retaliate to the commander 's accusation , a high-pitched whistle pierced the air .
tr	NNS	Thick cords ran up along his throat .
tr	NNS	Valerius had been too afraid to answer .
tr	NNS	The servants obeyed and left like motors .
tr	NNS	There were all types -- what passed for white-collar in Morganville , moms , college kids , tough guys .
tr	NNS	His actions saved my life . '
tr	NNS	The changes they tried to make in us didn 't work , and now we 're ... what we are .
tr	NN	Maybe there wasn 't a pattern ; maybe they communicated telepathically , or through their moans .
tr	NN	" His instinct would be to go hide somewhere lonely .
tr	NN	Chance was there , asleep next to her .
tr	NN	While we work together in harmony , each tribe honors where they came from .
tr	NNS	Alexis pointed at the little girl .
tr	NN	The angel was being flippant with him .
tr	NNS	Neal 's nostrils were flaring .
tr	NNS	Thick steel rods locked the room down .
tr	NN	My first instinct was to clutch my belly , fearing that whatever just happened could have somehow hurt my children .
tr	NN	The distinction was very plain in his mind .
tr	NN	But because after the first few bites , the texture and flavor made me want to vomit and I couldn 't force myself to eat any more .
tr	NNS	" Things keep changing for you .
tr	NN	' Ghost from the past , ' you told me .
tr	NNS	Flames gushed out of its mouth engulfing Diane .
tr	NNS	Flowers were in bloom all around them .
tr	NN	The van slammed to a halt less than three feet away .
tr	NN	" What 's the old bitch doing here ? "
tr	NN	A wet cough suddenly caught my attention .
tr	NNS	There were fourteen nations , most of them in the Middle East but it now includes two African countries -- Angola and Nigeria . "
tr	NNS	My heart races again and just like that the floor becomes hard again beneath my body .
tr	NNS	My eyelids flutter open and I see shoes , black with clunky soles and broken shoelaces .
tr	NNS	But the ramifications of showing himself as part of the Breed were irreversible , and too far-reaching .
tr	NN	The cub may hurt you , but it does not mean to . "
tr	NNS	My footsteps were light as I walked down the driveway and past my car , to the sidewalk lining the street .
tr	NNS	Hephaestus stood and walked over to a supply table .
tr	NNS	And just between you and me , the chances of that happening are pretty slim .
tr	NNS	Folks will love it .
tr	NN	The dwarf nodded vigorously and he bounced on his toes .
tr	NNS	Before the commander could respond , the young warriors leapt onto their horses and galloped at full speed toward the main camp .
tr	NNS	The torches moved closer and closer .
tr	NNS	The high frequencies were entirely missing .
tr	NN	A twig snapped behind her .
tr	NN	His specialty is the longbow , but he 's also got two-handed dagger fighting .
tr	NNS	God , at the bar last night there were more than enough candidates for a one night stand .
tr	NNS	But there was nothing envious about her demeanor .
tr	NN	" A diversion maybe ? "
tr	NN	She was wearing an orange dress that had patterned cuffs , the pattern showed a variety of sweets .
tr	NNS	Girls he 'd known , but had always let go without a fight .
tr	NN	The deputy waved his hand upwards .
tr	NNS	" Animals have spirits .
tr	NNS	Their demands increased as time went on .
tr	NN	My assessment of his age seems correct ; he 's about nineteen or twenty -- barely older than I am .
tr	NN	A brown mane touched with silver spilled over the edge .
tr	NNS	Every drawer yawned open , their contents dumped .
tr	NNS	Things like how truly powerful words are [ ii ] , especially the Word of God when it is applied by faith to our lives .
tr	NN	" My loyalty to a hypothetical situation , which has little chance of coming to pass is a discussion topic at your all important meetings .
tr	NNS	My own reservations have more to do with money .
tr	NN	Part of me wanted to shove him to the ground for messing with me -- not that I could prove he was playing games .
tr	NN	" Next , " the TSA agent said , motioning for me to approach his podium .
tr	NN	The harshness of it drew small noises from me .
tr	NNS	The loud thumps and waves of energy had stopped , but he couldn 't rest until he made sure everything was okay at home .
tr	NNS	Shouts broke out behind us .
tr	NNS	There are three other factories that we haven 't been able to control .
tr	NNS	" The nurses couldn 't stop whispering about it .
tr	NNS	My fencing skills were a different matter .
tr	NN	His eyes dart around the parking lot like he 's looking for an escape , and he sighs before locking eyes with me again .
tr	NN	" The great absurdity of this evolution is that our enemies also think the same about ourselves .
tr	NNS	The newspapers had printed her word by word in quotes , and he had to step down .
tr	NNS	" Oooh shifters are so hot !
tr	NN	Another lash formed on my back , drenching my clothes with blood .
tr	NNS	The suits managed to catch up as I made my way , away from Sheena .
tr	NN	His nearest neighbor lives in a double-wide trailer half a mile closer to the state highway .
tr	NN	The stretching and reshaping of muscles and bones is very painful , especially the realignment of the spine .
tr	NNS	Waves are crushing the ship 's hull and men are falling overboard .
tr	NN	Their divorce three years ago had been contentious , with both parties accusing the other of adultery .
tr	NN	There isn 't an inch of me that is comfortable . "
tr	NNS	She caressed his hewn cheek , traced the planes of his chiseled lips .
tr	NN	The siren fell silent .
tr	NN	Out of the dust a German tank loomed right in front of them .
tr	NNS	Marius raised his hand to slap him again but the words tumbled out quickly after that .
tr	NNS	Shape shifters called changers who betrayed the good force to be in league with the dark .
tr	NNS	Others are shy and quiet , so they might not be as aggressive .
tr	NN	Love , Mom , followed by a phone number .
tr	NN	I real y didn 't know what to think about that .
tr	NN	Then when the time comes " a loud chuckle came from the icy voice .
tr	NN	A petite young blonde walked up to me with a big smile .
tr	NNS	" My deepest apologies , Mr. Lyons , but you must come at once .
tr	NNS	Words failed me , insofar as I wasn 't sure I could nd the words that wouldn 't fail her .
tr	NNS	No worries , everything 's fine . "
tr	NNS	His excruciating expressions had not gone unnoticed however , and Pinky , Harold 's faithful three-legged cocker spaniel in his canine wisdom , decided enough was enough .
tr	NN	Despite all his efforts , his folly had cost him everything .
tr	NN	Tonight , the patrons included the Chandler brothers .
tr	NN	The crash of the surf breaking along the shoreline and the puppy 's playful barks were the only sounds that interrupted the silence that ensued .
tr	NN	" Perhaps ' t is best if you greet your new clan before you criticize them . "
tr	NNS	The creatures recognize their keepers but never have I heard of a beast that would not let itself be touched , save by certain persons ! "
tr	NN	Still no effect , the core would explode soon .
tr	NN	Is there special lighting gas , or does car gas not work ?
tr	NNS	Girls love Beyonce . "
tr	NNS	Her classes were over , so her other option was day camp .
tr	NNS	Dragons and ogres never existed .
tr	NN	The redhead was excess baggage in this melee and I had already been able to utilize her as a part of my cannon fodder against him .
tr	NNS	The cats can leisurely snatch up a mouse every few minutes until their little cat bellies are stuffed full of mouse goodness . "
tr	NN	" There 's a small clearing and the bank isn 't very high .
tr	NN	And the motto of every good New Englander is seeing is believing . "
tr	NN	He waited several moments but the youth said nothing more , offered no explanation .
tr	NN	" This 4th , whoever it is , just started to get his or her talents now ? "
tr	NNS	Waves broke gently in the distance , and the trees rustled with a breeze .
tr	NN	A pit full of ash from a night 's worth of logs sat beside me , the flames barely flickering anymore .
tr	NN	The rope glimmered in the soft light .
tr	NN	Didn 't these beastly herds clamoring for their coats understand anything about love or money ?
tr	NNS	It streaks the surface of the stream with silver , makes the pale pebbles lining the banks glow slightly .
tr	NNS	Those items and the information stored on her computer were the only things she needed .
tr	NNS	Flames consumed the fabric .
tr	NNS	Words are not adequate to explain the surge of emotions that I was undergoing that very moment .
tr	NN	came the immediate command , and his eyelids trembled .
tr	NNS	Her insecurities were massive , and every one of them was warning Misty about her sheer lack of inexperience for pleasing a sex god like Domenico Moretti .
tr	NN	Her spine snapped so straight she practically heard a boing .
tr	NN	The melody of hunger is filling up my head .
tr	NN	A feather like sensation gripped her feet as she stepped out of the entry and onto the thick cream carpet of the bedroom .
tr	NNS	Ace had shown mercy , something Amelia was incapable of doing .
tr	NNS	" Things are moving a little too fast for me , that 's all . "
tr	NNS	A hundred thousand credits per head should cover it . "
tr	NN	But the manner in which it is done is the problem .
tr	NNS	Their jackets said security .
tr	NN	The reference to his mother brought a pang of sadness .
tr	NN	The pot and cocaine seem less interesting ; too common now .
tr	NN	Despite all that , an uneasy haze hung over her .
tr	NNS	" Folks , can you please give her a round of applause to get her up here ? "
tr	NNS	The dress code for Cabot Farr was ' smart casual ' , which his parents explained meant shirt , jacket and smart trousers ( not jeans ) .
tr	NN	And then I was completely entranced , a participant in a waking dream as the limo thrust deeper into its night lover and left the world behind .
tr	NNS	Things just fell into place . "
tr	NN	The warrior kicked him in the stomach and Maddox sailed backward .
tr	NN	Cricket and I exchange smiles .
tr	NNS	The banks were alluvial , but the ford was well fortified by stones .
tr	NNS	Strangers were people outside on the street .
tr	NN	The static crackled and Jack 's hands tingled as the current searched for a path to ground .
tr	NNS	Fridays are for biceps and forearms .
tr	NN	The liquid they 'd sprayed on me had evaporated ; my clothes were dry .
tr	NN	Link threw the mutated thing backward , and it flew at least ten feet , skidding across the dirt .
tr	NNS	' In line with what the General has already said , rumours of this successful attack have spread to many , if not all , Alignment worlds .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , explanations take time .
tr	NN	" My lord has a great appreciation for art .
tr	NNS	" The twins want a pet and they can 't decide if they should get a kitten or a puppy .
tr	NNS	Girls aren 't the only ones who look after their friends . "
tr	NN	He turned to Trey , the boy scowling in a pool chair with his knees hugged to his chest .
tr	NNS	But , look , the tooth fairies are harmless enough .
tr	NN	The guilt that always surrounded thoughts of her late fiance gathered in close , but she held them at bay .
tr	NNS	Looks like your all out of options . "
tr	NN	My adrenaline spikes sending overheated blood coursing through my veins and a lightning bolt to my heart .
tr	NNS	My defenses burst , and with one last effort I shoved my deepest secret in front of the beast .
tr	NNS	Fluorescent bulbs usually lit the cave , but there were never enough to brighten the space completely .
tr	NN	And the tripod will fit across my shoulders under the straps . '
tr	NNS	Things were going well up until the short walk from the theatre to the restaurant , when he grabbed my hand where anyone could see .
tr	NN	As if on cue , the hail stopped .
tr	NN	The first warrior jerked back in his direction ready to do battle , then looked up .
tr	NN	His commanding gaze as he said , " I didn 't kill her . "
tr	NNS	By their standard , as few as a dozen cases is an epidemic .
tr	NNS	Things had been going so well !
tr	NNS	Her attendants had departed .
tr	NNS	The old wolves taught them the easiest ways - and that included chasing herds over cliffs .
tr	NN	The thrill of pilfering goods or coin made her heart race , and she could not stop .
tr	NNS	His pupils were still fully dilated .
tr	NN	" Very well , the vote is unanimous .
tr	NNS	Moses barely had time to express his pleasure at the suggestion when the master of ceremonies tapped on the microphone and started the evening 's business .
tr	NNS	Bugs knew that once a duel had been set , there was no turning back .
tr	NN	" Marcus , " the captain replied .
tr	NN	The carpet was thick and a deeper mauve , picking up the colors in the stained glass high up on three walls .
tr	NNS	Lights dimmed in the galley , brightened and dimmed again .
tr	NNS	Mountain peaks grasped at the sky with fall 's final fury , flames licking greedily at the very doorstep of Heaven .
tr	NNS	Dragons were naturally arrogant , but by the dark gods of fire this one made the rest of them look insecure and unsure of themselves .
tr	NN	A swirl of red materialized at his elbow .
tr	NN	" A masterful stroke , Captain , " Wilberforce murmured softly ; " wherever did you find her ? "
tr	NNS	" Senator Maxwell , your past opponents have already brought up the fact that your youth contributes to the image of your inexperience .
tr	NN	" Then y 're focusing on the wrong place .
tr	NNS	Yes , even werewolves had Facebook pages .
tr	NNS	Words and strength fail me , so I keep to the point .
tr	NNS	My eyelids grew heavy and I was having trouble keeping them open .
tr	NN	A third Assassin stood further across .
tr	NN	If Nicholas could gather that information from a television newscast , surely the coven would have the same information and know they were in town .
tr	NNS	There are probably thousands of Commands we don 't know .
tr	NNS	The teachers would be showing up soon .
tr	NNS	But the Sioux warriors were among them and used their knives and their guns and killed all .
tr	NNS	Birds and insects were unusually merry during summer .
tr	NN	The Program erased part of the reason why I 'm angry with him ; I can feel it .
tr	NNS	" The cameras have gone out .
tr	NNS	Reyes continued , Given that he 's human , he 's probably pumped full of a drug meant to treat erectile dysfunction .
tr	NN	" The goat lady ! "
tr	NNS	" What are you minions standing about for ?
tr	NNS	Folks around town are already dredging up all the old tales about who saw what when .
tr	NNS	Dove shudders as someone touches her rump .
tr	NN	The seer joined her entourage and Magnus resumed his seat to the left of Geir .
tr	NN	A hunter that neglects half of his town deserves a lesson not courtesy .
tr	NNS	These tales always brought them together .
tr	NN	My bull detector was pegging , so I knew he had no intention of letting us go alive .
tr	NNS	In that situation , chances were the smoke would have overcome Nicole before she got out .
tr	NNS	stalkerish tendencies aren 't necessarily a bad thing , right ?
tr	NN	When did the squid and the other animals first appear ?
tr	NNS	Are your servants slaves ?
tr	NNS	The only colours in her face were the bruises under her eyes .
tr	NN	The momentum almost sent both of them tumbling off the side of the of the minaret .
tr	NNS	Chills ran over my flesh , but I also politely kept my attention on the others .
tr	NNS	Your own motives were entirely innocent and you nearly triggered a crisis that shook the Crown . "
tr	NN	His accommodation was very close to White Eagle nest and he felt for years strange , disturbing vibrations radiating at night from this sanctuary .
tr	NN	But the young teacher giggled , and put her arm round Mr. Guerra 's shoulders .
tr	NN	" The darkening called me to the Seers Palace .
tr	NN	Probably the older brother Squall had mentioned .
tr	NNS	Blurry figures stood before him , silent and watching .
tr	NN	The chanting and the drumbeat grew louder and louder .
tr	NNS	His paintings make me feel like summer .
tr	NNS	Outside them , garden forests cloak the land , and crystal lakes wash shores of diamond sand .
tr	NN	Sometimes her uncle showed up in the castle , intending to do her harm in ever-changing ways that grew increasingly grotesque as time went on .
tr	NNS	No teachers have ever been like that with me .
tr	NNS	Before the exchange ceremony , the aliens went directly to Darwin Base and wiped out the entire contingent , killing everyone involved and they leveled the factories .
tr	NNS	Alexis jumps atop the table and watches intently as the life slowly fades from Brian 's eyes .
tr	NN	The lieutenant looked into his face and knew him , but said nothing .
tr	NNS	Things never seemed to go my way .
tr	NNS	The experiences had worn her out like never before .
tr	NN	The bullet hadn 't come out ; she could see that much for herself .
tr	NNS	" But few human warriors would worship her .
tr	NNS	Despite the gloom , images wandered about in the night .
tr	NNS	" Things have been different since his death .
tr	NNS	A few couples sat eating .
tr	NNS	Others got up and walked to the stage .
tr	NN	So the singing cowboy was their matinee idol and I got stuck with it .
tr	NNS	The scholars had considered its main use that of providing easily carried supplies for soldiers fighting at the fringes of the empire .
tr	NN	The angel touched him on the shoulder , and when he woke up , he had a mark like that .
tr	NN	" What 's the status of our space forces ? "
tr	NN	Her aura bloomed black .
tr	NN	" The fifty grand your brother owes ? "
tr	NN	The firing squad had already started to lay down their weapons .
tr	NN	Where is your angel now ? "
tr	NNS	The three wolves tried dashing to my rescue but were easily pushed away by the crowd of vampires .
tr	NNS	Over a short period of time , his actions became more radicalized , his followers manic .
tr	NN	For suddenly the dragon had lurched about and went crashing off through the bushes .
tr	NNS	Others just wanted reassurance that they were still on track to meet the deadline for the end of the proposal .
tr	NN	" Ok , " replied Jon in his monosyllabic best .
tr	NN	The Prophet spoke so fast .
tr	NNS	The creatures that reside their sparsely leave the confine of the mist that surrounds them . "
tr	NNS	There were subtle differences .
tr	NNS	As I understand it , these creatures can chew their way through solid rock . "
tr	NN	A sob rose in her throat .
tr	NNS	Secret doorways lead to secret passages , and secret passages lead to secrets . "
tr	NN	His guilt returned , increased .
tr	NNS	There aren 't any provisions for changing it . "
tr	NN	A great effortless roar came out of Reuben .
tr	NNS	Outside of metropolitan regions Russian stores were only rarely open on the weekend .
tr	NNS	The racks were full of shorts and shirts of all colors - clothes the natives would not buy but the Americans loved .
tr	NNS	Flames licked up toward the sky , casting glinting shadows against her eyes .
tr	NN	64 Gabrielle Ashe was at a full jog when she entered the third-floor production room of ABC News .
tr	NN	What else would a priest do ?
tr	NNS	Two notorious fairies who 'd had their teeth sharpened like the elves ' had left me with some permanent physical damage .
tr	NN	This routine of yours isn 't working either .
tr	NNS	The openings between slats were somewhat wider here than they had been on the shelf .
tr	NN	Her bar tender definitely was not here so she couldn 't have her " martinis " fixed properly .
tr	NNS	The actual consequences of Revere 's word games had never really concerned him .
tr	NNS	The hunting bows were behind him , and I stared at them as he rang up the purchase .
tr	NN	The television audience went to commercial .
tr	NNS	When I turned to look down , there were no footprints at all .
tr	NN	Already , the adrenaline was kicking in and I felt a strange sort of determination .
tr	NN	Above the cave , there was no writing , name or otherwise .
tr	NN	The deputy stood about ten feet away at his car , still on the radio .
tr	NN	An eternity passed for him , but slowly he felt as he regained his self control .
tr	NN	The cedar siding was the color of dusty snow .
tr	NNS	The stakes were too high .
tr	NN	His momentum carried him clear over the wall and when his left foot came down , it met nothing but thin air .
tr	NN	What 's the betting you don 't either ? "
tr	NN	My kidnapping was now ruining Cody 's chances with the woman of his dreams .
tr	NNS	Things could be better here ... " What are you doing ? "
tr	NNS	All my worries and concerns for him quickly fled .
tr	NNS	My eyelids drooped as I began to feel faint , and she snorted in amusement -- clearly enjoying my suffering -- then went back to sobbing .
tr	NN	The hawk swooped down on Daniel , knocking him from his stump .
tr	NNS	The golden petals were curling into the dandelion 's face .
tr	NNS	Questions he hadn 't wanted to take seriously , but questions he couldn 't ignore .
tr	NN	" Keeley , I ... " She rose , moved by the discomfort in his voice .
tr	NN	Apparently , insanity is another pregnancy symptom .
tr	NNS	A few pairs were still fighting .
tr	NN	Another crash of thunder made my mom jump .
tr	NN	The vacation they 'd had together in Italy , and finally she rested on the memory of his arms around her .
tr	NN	Its master would be pleased .
tr	NN	Apparently subtlety didn 't work with her .
tr	NN	The Empire would overwhelm them as well .
tr	NNS	Diggs watched our exchange curiously but said nothing .
tr	NN	The hurricane lamp is there too . '
tr	NNS	My actions would likely hurt him .
tr	NNS	The immortals there come out only at night .
tr	NN	The caller had a husky , sexy voice , and I turned to find Starlet Two hurrying after me .
tr	NNS	Two cylinders with the words " engines " painted on the front , lay parallel to each other .
tr	NNS	As the hunting became more dangerous , members would perish on the excursions thereby created a regular turnover .
tr	NN	The vast majority of my classmates , myself included , had never even seen it snow .
tr	NN	Part of me does , whenever I think about that night when Kayden and I had sex and there were all those fresh wounds on his arms .
tr	NN	A small archway opened up in the wall of wind .
tr	NNS	Maybe zombies flipped it over to get at the people . "
tr	NN	" The Walking Disease ? "
tr	NN	Love has to come naturally .
tr	NN	Then the ledge suddenly drops down and widens out , carved steps becoming more obvious .
tr	NNS	Images swirled into focus .
tr	NNS	Years later , those same founding fathers had begun to build their shops along Front Street , embellishing them with Scandinavian touches .
tr	NNS	The strips binding the splint on her broken arm had unraveled and one of the sticks slipped out .
tr	NN	The cart sloshed its way ahead through the rain , its electric motor whining as it turned left onto a straightaway into the trees .
tr	NN	" A penny for your thoughts , " Yeager said .
tr	NN	Time 's radiation had reverted each bearer of a specific race back to their roots of thousands of years ago .
tr	NNS	Is the countess there ? "
tr	NNS	My breath shudders and I feel tears sting my eyes .
tr	NN	And of course the monetary benefit is enough to keep any doubts from growing . "
tr	NNS	Barnabas slid off his shoes before he drew any closer .
tr	NNS	Even the insects had gone quiet .
tr	NN	The route was dark and went through a residential area .
tr	NN	The obstacle race was to be run in teams , and was carefully planned .
tr	NNS	" Cars go faster . "
tr	NN	The growl of his voice turned Chloe on even more , making her muscles slacken .
tr	NNS	The images that had appeared on its hilt were still there , frozen in whatever the hilt was made of .
tr	NNS	Things no one else seemed to notice about him .
tr	NN	As I expected , my pendant found none .
tr	NNS	The smoothness of the stone was refreshing , the jagged brick of the maze still fresh in my mind .
tr	NN	" The tech lab . "
tr	NNS	Finch 's actions alleviated that problem , removed personal choice from the matter .
tr	NN	The government has taken an interest in this case .
tr	NN	And for the Great Work that is life and the universe , there is certainly an Author .
tr	NNS	A dozen miniature alligators lay peacefully before his eyes , at least one destined for fame as a legend of the New York sewer system .
tr	NN	The barber looked at her perplexed .
tr	NNS	The members of this ring can 't take the children to their own homes .
tr	NN	The captain had returned eight days prior and filed the report through the normal channels . "
tr	NNS	Sam grins and grabs me by the hips , pulling my body against his so I can feel the evidence of his erection .
tr	NNS	" Well , " said Marius as he looked back , " I guess they wanted to keep you after all . "
tr	NN	" But today plastic surgery can - " He shook his head .
tr	NNS	' No worries , Simon . '
tr	NN	A lick of pure desire curled through his stomach .
tr	NN	The auditorium is overcrowded and smelly .
tr	NNS	" Two summers at the Hidden Lake Ranch . "
tr	NN	As she tried to kick the thing loose , a dark mass the size of a galleon rose beneath .
tr	NNS	Other classmates soon arrived and joined us , and everything began to feel less formal once we were talking and laughing together .
tr	NNS	Other shots went wild as he continually evaded them .
tr	NNS	The paintings were the only snapshots in time .
tr	NN	Benjamin 's attendance was erratic , like his life in general , so I didn 't put any particular weight on that .
tr	NN	While they 'd lived in Greece , the warrior had simply returned home one day , pain in his eyes and marks on his cheeks .
tr	NNS	" Well , " said Marius as he looked back , " I guess they wanted to keep you after all . "
tr	NNS	" Our meetings went longer than expected .
tr	NN	Obviously there was an art to it , because I was flapping for all I was worth and still falling .
tr	NNS	The two white creatures were sexless .
tr	NN	The policeman , of course , would turn tail and flee .
tr	NN	The Empire had succeeded .
tr	NNS	New ideas in luxury always caught his eye .
tr	NNS	As we finished the anointing of the dark matter over our bodies four figures appeared as light in the darkness .
tr	NNS	The yawning abyss of the creature 's mouth came closer .
tr	NN	" No kidding , " Ty responded wryly .
tr	NN	The firelight deepened the lines around her mouth , hid her eyes in the sockets .
tr	NN	" It was good we captured Subject # 30 before he did any damage , " said The Manager .
tr	NN	The hunter claimed he was attacked without provocation .
tr	NN	A recording comes on , saying the voice-mail box hasn 't been set up yet . "
tr	NN	The pavilion in the courtyard ... " " Thank you , Madonna . "
tr	NNS	Two red spots brightened her cheeks .
tr	NN	The kitten squeaked at him as he peered inside .
tr	NN	" Your grandmother said you need - " " I know what she said .
tr	NN	" Come on , your grandmother 's looking for you . "
tr	NNS	The visitors moved on and he moved back in , reclaiming his right to converse with the Princess .
tr	NNS	His horns were now a mass of auburn , curly hair .
tr	NNS	Things he had described in brutal detail .
tr	NN	His absence would only make things harder for his mom .
tr	NNS	" The living quarters are up here . "
tr	NN	But even the throbbing injury couldn 't outweigh my relief .
tr	NNS	Colorful flower arrangements intertwined with the candle lit centerpieces over black silk table clothes .
tr	NN	The administrator did not look so sure .
tr	NNS	The three visitors , Tom and Mary stood staring at each other for a long minute .
tr	NNS	Those hopes had just come crashing down .
tr	NNS	Both boxers left their corners and started to head to the middle of the ring .
tr	NNS	The four types of conic sections are the circle , ellipse , parabola , and hyperbola . "
tr	NN	" Clearly , " said his student .
tr	NNS	But the great hardships are yet to come .
tr	NNS	Things would have been so different if she hadn 't driven away across the water that last summer morning in Florida .
tr	NN	A lilting , sweet accent flavored her words .
tr	NNS	Thoughts raced through his mind as he considered what actions he might take .
tr	NNS	" His letters were wonderful .
tr	NN	" Well , actually ... " This time Pendleton was the one to gape .
tr	NNS	His origins are somewhat mysterious .
tr	NNS	There are thousands of places here you haven 't seen . '
tr	NNS	After the doors closed behind them everyone 's ideas about the discussion took flight .
tr	NN	That harness and leash would infuriate all the Wolves in the Courtyard .
tr	NNS	But as you know , subsequent tests clouded this assessment .
tr	NN	The car museum was to the side of Tench 's truck as he came in the driveway .
tr	NN	And already my political career was well underway .
tr	NN	The candlelight carved the planes of his face into chiseled angles , strong and masculine against the soft line of his lips .
tr	NNS	Her grandparents had loved each other madly , only parting for death .
tr	NNS	The cameras captured the shadowy shapes of two guys and their car .
tr	NNS	The cabinets were natural colored , varnished , with simple steel handles .
tr	NN	A hotel porter took down a trolley of luggage .
tr	NNS	His tests were going better than expected .
tr	NN	Link sat down next to her , and next to me .
tr	NNS	Drugs , prostitution , and gambling are easier . "
tr	NNS	His intimidation techniques don 't quite work on me .
tr	NNS	The empty confines of Lester 's was not the most luxurious setting , but they were together , and still optimistic .
tr	NNS	Of course , some famous people 's properties were very obvious .
tr	NN	The policeman was lying still now , but to Kaitlyn 's relief he was breathing .
tr	NN	The human goal is to attain release from the bondage of material existence and , achieving release , to unite with the Supreme Self .
tr	NNS	The countess signaled for him to serve .
tr	NN	The thief certainly knew his way around these streets .
tr	NNS	Neon signs in the shape of martini glasses and olives cast a glow on the patrons seated at the counter .
tr	NNS	Marius laughed and lightly tapped the door .
tr	NNS	Cars and trucks and uniformed soldiers were everywhere .
tr	NNS	There were now three more detectives working full-time with Reid , two of them old friends from the police force .
tr	NNS	Looks like we 're not the farthest humans from Earth anymore . "
tr	NN	A gag covered her mouth .
tr	NN	That giggle happened when you like someone and you 're a bundle of awkward .
tr	NN	So , then the government raised the minimum wage .
tr	NN	A thin and ruffled kitten darts between his legs and disappears into a nauseating heap of garbage .
tr	NNS	The protocols of a Warden seek to minimize the loss of innocent life .
tr	NN	But there was one possible option - the children .
tr	NN	James 's uncle tipped his hat in her direction .
tr	NNS	Over my shoulder , two wolves , still in human form , were scrambling onto the tracks .
tr	NNS	" My apologies for the intrusion , Your Highness , " he said and bowed again but his eyes were glinting with humor .
tr	NN	Scar tissue also made a person tough .
tr	NN	" No it isn 't , " said the Lecturer in Recent Runes .
tr	NNS	Things that could not have been alive , but they had moved .
tr	NN	Cover art had become an increasingly sought after art form .
tr	NN	" There is a contract , with some details and stipulations . "
tr	NN	" Your ID , " he explains when he sees the mixture of terror and confusion on my face .
tr	NN	A black sedan buzzed to a quiet stop .
tr	NNS	His worries were all for naught ; she took to it quite well .
tr	NN	On the map , this settlement had a slash mark by it .
tr	NNS	Things like this just didn 't happen .
tr	NNS	The crazed people who dig themselves out of the ruins come screaming back to life , minds upended by their ravaged bodies .
tr	NN	The fur didn 't look shaggy or coarse , surprisingly : in fact , it looked silky .
tr	NN	The author stated there were three lessons in life , the three things that matter the most .
tr	NN	A good bit farther on , the route ran through a traffic circle .
tr	NNS	The authorities would refuse permission unless someone such as yourself agreed to it , without coercion .
tr	NNS	" And spikes on his box , " Trace joined in .
tr	NNS	Their passengers would still be back on time .
tr	NN	Another contraction seized her and she couldn 't think clearly .
tr	NN	The pen was a reminder of their beginnings and he 'd bought it just after they 'd established the first Chosen Way cells .
tr	NN	The man 's stench disgusted him , but at least the Jordanian knew how to choose a good weapon .
tr	NN	My belly reminded me that it was empty , but I told it to hold on just a little longer .
tr	NNS	Things were manageable now .
tr	NN	My goal was to write down every conceivable plan and then narrow it down from there .
tr	NN	" The sheriff might not want to admit it , but it 's true .
tr	NN	The potion cupboard was empty .
tr	NNS	The colors returned , together with the stench .
tr	NNS	Modern readers find parallels with politics , the corporate world , and conflict in Iraq and Afghanistan .
tr	NNS	Others wore their hair braided or tied back from their faces .
tr	NN	If I pushed muscles that were still rebuilding themselves and damaged them , the damage would be permanent . "
tr	NNS	Diggs sat in his chair ; I sat on the corner of his desk .
tr	NNS	His big hand presses between my shoulder blades , and I follow the unspoken command and lean over from my hips , arching my back .
tr	NNS	Short , natural fingernails curl around the top of a box .
tr	NNS	Why can 't these idiots arrive on time ?
tr	NNS	The companions sat on the ground at his feet , and Aragorn took up the tale .
tr	NN	In many ways , her routine did not change .
tr	NN	Ferry gave her no difficulty either .
tr	NNS	There are millions , just like you .
tr	NNS	" People 's minds are ... " He frowned .
tr	NNS	The chains on my leg were free .
tr	NN	The intern lowered her finger ... and her head ; it was Showtime or No time for Thomas Pepper .
tr	NNS	Things were fine when home was home and Stillwater was Stillwater , but now everything 's tumbling together , and I can 't keep it apart .
tr	NNS	Thin , white strands of spider webs hung by the corners , trapping dead mosquitoes and flies alike .
tr	NN	A tray of food , two orange pills , and a glass of water were sitting on a cart next to his bed .
tr	NNS	Your instincts were right on the money .
tr	NN	How else had the shooter brought Clay to this remote location ?
tr	NNS	The drums throb , replacing my pulse with theirs .
tr	NN	Timmy 's escort led him out the front door , past the guard posts , and through the main gate .
tr	NNS	Hands beckon to me from the edge .
tr	NN	A thickness of the placing of houses was undeniable .
tr	NN	The faint swish of water in the distance distracts me from my trail .
tr	NNS	Reyes glanced away from them , the sight of their love too much to witness at the moment .
tr	NN	Before she could answer , a vivacious brunette bounced in between them and wrapped her arms around Cooper .
tr	NNS	His sobs had tapered down to an occasional choking breath .
tr	NN	The receptionist stood up .
tr	NN	This chick was biting some guy 's neck and blood was everywhere .
tr	NN	The uncertainty is horrible .
tr	NN	But while she was at least ten years ahead of these women in experience , their degree from Parsons would always carry more weight with some people .
tr	NNS	Both banks and account numbers were on Ken 's list . "
tr	NNS	The lights downstairs are all off except one in the hall , and the pool 's lights underneath the water .
tr	NNS	Rawlings grabbed his coat .
tr	NNS	More shots rang out .
tr	NNS	A few miles to the east , there were signs of a battle .
tr	NN	Chance shoved me half under the Mustang , as if to protect me , and then bounded to his feet .
tr	NN	An insatiable hunger swept in and took over , demanding to be fed , to be appeased , to be satisfied .
tr	NN	The boned bodice and skirt slipped down over camisole , stays , and stockings , petticoat and underskirt .
tr	NN	The second kidnapper spoke from behind the camera again .
tr	NNS	Four ladies were chatting outside the school 's office .
tr	NN	How bad was the infection ?
tr	NNS	Small human villages exist within vast tracks of land that belong to the Others .
tr	NNS	Within half an hour two detectives showed up at our dorm .
tr	NNS	" But all sculptures in Blue Stones park have names ... How would you have named it ? "
tr	NNS	Reyes did not heed him , but stabbed her again and again .
tr	NNS	" Things are only complicated if you make them .
tr	NNS	Those actions , no other boy could ever match .
tr	NN	A short electronic pulse indicated it was half past the hour .
tr	NNS	Thoughts zipped through Sean 's head .
tr	NNS	The mattress felt cool to the touch , which meant she 'd been gone for quite some time .
tr	NN	Her disorientation had vanished as suddenly as it had arrived .
tr	NN	The newly celebrated landmark rose above the clouds , which made visibility from the ground impossible to see the top third of the structure .
tr	NNS	Flowers in every color conceivable dotted the green foliage growing from the curling branches .
tr	NNS	The nurses told me it 'd been a miracle that I had survived with only chest compressions until I arrived at the ER .
tr	NNS	Words were too much .
tr	NNS	Words will go no further than the three of us and these walls . "
tr	NNS	Midday tequila shots are no longer my style , but you look like you could use a few . "
tr	NN	Karl 's instinct was to run , but it was the fishing rod which checked his impulse .
tr	NN	The venue varies from college to high school all the way down to Little League .
tr	NN	The bullying had given Liz everything she needed to push through a move to a new , safer , environment .
tr	NN	At one point the captain shouted , " Starboard !
tr	NNS	He was surprised to see her lustrous dark locks had turned gold .
tr	NN	There is a madness in Will 's eyes , a hatred so pure its only equal could be love .
tr	NN	Rio 's roar of denial echoed and mixed with all the other shouts and exclamations of surprise .
tr	NN	A very strong odour to faeces and humidity came rushing from the hole and enveloped the group .
tr	NN	Edwin 's hunger is an ocean . "
tr	NN	Our legend states that he can possess the bodies of starving people and then compel them to eat the flesh of human beings .
tr	NN	The reference to Reef went over his head .
tr	NN	The video continued as the man rapidly pulled a camera from his pocket and began flashing away .
tr	NNS	At least fifty pairs of guns lay aimed at Ion .
tr	NNS	But as he always told me , death levels the playing field for everybody .
tr	NN	" Third page before the last , " Eastman instructed .
tr	NN	A few moments later the trio reemerged , " A kiss before I go ? "
tr	NNS	Sometimes whole bars full of people would lie down on the floor They say there " s one in every police station .
tr	NN	The vicar smiled at his clever little pun .
tr	NNS	Reyes remained in place .
tr	NN	The trick was to keep going at a fair rate so that the ground didn 't give way beneath you .
tr	NN	" The weakness will pass in a little while .
tr	NNS	Others of our kind have been moving into town , and nearby in Yakima . "
tr	NNS	My suit shudders and I fall , hitting the ground hard and rolling along until I hit a rocky spire .
tr	NN	There 's a jaguar here .
tr	NNS	The followers just nodded .
tr	NN	The drug lord closed his eyes and drew in the smoke , held it , then released it .
tr	NNS	Aurelius wrapped his arms around me when I shivered .
tr	NN	The audience gasped and the little girl 's smile turned into a look of amazement with her mouth wide open .
tr	NN	Out to the small lakes , off the regular canoe routes , where a retired economics professor could find something closer to elemental nature .
tr	NN	An itch grows on her back between her shoulder blades .
tr	NNS	The black spots in front of my eyes grew bigger and began blocking my peripheral vision .
tr	NNS	There aren 't any passenger trains in West Virginia , at least not any fast ones . "
tr	NNS	Things moved , banshees wailed , unfamiliar creatures gathered in the bushes and along the ground .
tr	NN	The sliver of air between our mouths was a vivid presence , teasing and tempting .
tr	NNS	Images of Jackson in some weird perverted mess with a pair of handcuffs and a candlestick danced through her mind .
tr	NNS	Whether he saw this and decided to cut it short or he was merely finished , the kisses ended .
tr	NNS	The fears and doubts she 'd battled only moments before descended again as she wondered what to do .
tr	NNS	The hedge rows around the front yard were perfectly manicured .
tr	NNS	The two couples had already locked themselves up and Vivienne must have already retreated into a room by herself .
tr	NN	There was something delightful y forbidden permeating the air .
tr	NN	My gut instinct is that it has nothing to do with being a call girl , but that doesn 't make any sense .
tr	NNS	Suddenly before them the hobbits saw a wide opening .
tr	NN	The beak was open as if it was trying to cry out .
tr	NN	But a kind master may be more gentle than a brutal husband chosen by a well-meaning father .
tr	NN	The mob seemed to shrivel as he passed with his retinue , who were of true wolf aspect , and moved like a pack .
tr	NN	But the Sins haven ´ t slowed down one bit .
tr	NNS	Violet 's sobs overtook her , and I knew she grasped the reality she faced .
tr	NNS	All her fears came together at once and for a moment she felt as if she might throw up .
tr	NNS	The two suits and my other aspects took the forward car .
tr	NN	The malfunction in this leg slows me up .
tr	NN	As weeks passed , his tiny remnant increased , though many cowered , afraid to join him openly .
tr	NNS	The hats are leather three cornered hats , like what your fathers wear .
tr	NNS	Hands tried to pull me off and I fought against them with every uncoordinated muscle I had .
tr	NNS	Lots of quick fingers here could lift a package and be on the next street before you know you 've been robbed . "
tr	NNS	Charred handfuls fall out .
tr	NNS	He was slumped in his office chair , hands resting limply in his lap .
tr	NNS	" There are thousands of blood banks across the world .
tr	NNS	Plans are always bullshit .
tr	NN	" Well , now , " his uncle said enthusiastically .
tr	NN	Your uncle may still reside there on his estates , but it 's at my discretion . "
tr	NN	He reached out , rope looped in his hands .
tr	NNS	Things were different now .
tr	NNS	The gaps in the grate are only enough to get my finger tips into but I 'm strong enough to hold my weight like this .
tr	NNS	Their flashlights didn 't reach the Super Soldier 's yet , but the echoes of their steps grew louder .
tr	NN	That second fleeting gap had also revealed that she was standing holding the hand of a man Darcy assumed was one of Gabriel 's security detail .
tr	NN	And the scar is this visible reminder of who you are , and what you went through , and you don 't hide from it .
tr	NNS	The settlers have little to take besides perhaps their women , but friendly wenches are readily available in any port .
tr	NNS	Yes , his trousers were the subject of a controlled detonation after one of his socks exploded .
tr	NNS	My actions horrified her , as they horrify you ... It was more than an advancing army that made her throw herself from our roof .
tr	NNS	Thoughts have a frequency .
tr	NNS	" But -- " " No buts , Nis .
tr	NNS	Jubilant shouts and applause erupted from the group where they had coalesced around the microscope .
tr	NN	The lights have all gone out , a circuit probably blown during the fighting .
tr	NN	" The proof , " Eliot said , beaming .
tr	NN	The minion grunted through the renewed pain .
tr	NN	A redhead was sitting in a booth with her hand on a man 's hand .
tr	NN	His silk tie wrinkled under his thick chin as he pulled his golden watch out of his vest , and checked the time .
tr	NNS	" And there are some possibilities we need to discuss . "
tr	NNS	Down the hall there were new footsteps .
tr	NN	' But Miss Howe , that isn 't the issue .
tr	NN	She ' l kil her . "
tr	NNS	The letters would cause a storm of controversy .
tr	NN	A faint blush dusted high on her cheeks made the face seem narrower .
tr	NN	The sage appeared to recover a bit , driven by righteous indignation alone .
tr	NN	There is a huge reward on you !
tr	NN	The dock trembled as the two of them landed in a heap , moaning in pain .
tr	NN	The function I have in mind , is a whisper that will cause you to ... " dislike " meat ... No more than that .
tr	NNS	Sadness darkened Aimee 's features as she looked away .
tr	NN	Only the odd grunt or cough punctuated the dark silence in the dorm room .
tr	NNS	' Our mothers will never let us go hungry ! '
tr	NNS	White petals fell around the two of us .
tr	NNS	' There are other sandwich bars .
tr	NN	The desolate and dilapidated factory was riddled with graffiti , broken and missing windows , rusted doors , and overgrown weeds and grass .
tr	NNS	The other two men are standing huddled ; they look cold and damp , cats left out in the wet .
tr	NN	The squad went along the trench line , grabbing handholds and footholds to boost themselves up .
tr	NNS	Others broke loose and fell to the cavern floor several hundred feet below .
tr	NN	Love put you in a mental institution . "
tr	NN	The goat twisted and fought her as she dragged it out towards the milking stand .
tr	NN	A zing of excitement coursed through Alethea .
tr	NN	The unusually strong stench told him this .
tr	NN	" My uncle had arrived for dinner .
tr	NNS	Your visits have been coming less often , and I feel sometimes as if the greatest part of who I am is slowly slipping away .
tr	NN	Lying there , a strange clarity overcame Alexi which allowed her to see that Wayne would refuse to understand .
tr	NNS	Things that Devon could never fix .
tr	NN	The tip of horn slices the neck of my shirt then passes .
tr	NNS	There are numerous signs prohibiting photography .
tr	NN	When the dead rise , a slayer will rise and save us . "
tr	NN	As if I 'd said his name aloud , the intern appeared at my side .
tr	NN	Even my grandmother would have said , " Oh , shit . "
tr	NNS	Others would come after you .
tr	NN	The mask slid perfectly onto her face , the silken ties slipping over her hair as if custom made .
tr	NNS	Thick black drapes covered a large window and were pinned to the wall at the edges so that very little light seeped in .
tr	NN	The commander released her into the wine .
tr	NNS	Lots of people see marriage counselors after an affair , and they make it work . "
tr	NN	There was even a bloody scratch across her knuckles , though she had no memory of having gotten it .
tr	NNS	The cloaked figures passed through my mind again and I bit my lip to hold back the tears .
tr	NNS	Things she would never do .
tr	NNS	The odd happenings of this day only worsened her unease .
tr	NN	The courtyard and the house were suffering from serious neglect .
tr	NNS	These responsibilities frequently overlapped , which was why there were the ' joint ' organisations .
tr	NN	The thin receptionist put in an appearance , popping up like the shopkeeper in that cartoon with the man with the bowler hat .
tr	NN	My darling , I am close .
tr	NN	Their adrenaline charged bodies relished the starchy and greasy nutrients .
tr	NNS	Things are already starting to take shape .
tr	NN	Where the hell was that pain medication ?
tr	NN	The tailor backed away , bowing .
tr	NNS	Lots of little things are going to add up to one big enough to lock you down for a while . "
tr	NNS	Sentinels were out there , hunting her down .
tr	NN	Every nerve ending immediately explodes into flame , as every cell in my body is aware of his fingers .
tr	NN	Part of me wonders why they heed me at all .
tr	NNS	Chess in particular had always annoyed him .
tr	NNS	And for those less intrepid , there were also the more amenable plays and dances , held regularly in the theatre and the agora .
tr	NNS	The servants walked towards the gates and the captain shouted , " Attack !
tr	NNS	Stepping stones , vibrant splashes of color , flat and welcoming , paved her way across the crystal-clear water .
tr	NN	Her grandmother loved to ride around town with the top down , the wind blowing her strawberry hair back as she blasted the radio .
tr	NN	The slapped was nothing compared to my brain getting fried .
tr	NNS	The servants had finished their business and filed out .
tr	NN	The melody was sweet and vaguely familiar .
tr	NNS	Hath reeds knocked against thee ?
tr	NN	A pinch of sand glittered on it .
tr	NN	A chorus of howls called from behind him , answering the first animal 's cry .
tr	NN	Chase 's growl filled the night air .
tr	NNS	A few dresses , a vivid beret , and a bright sweater were hanging under a curtain in the corner of the room .
tr	NNS	Large blue tunnels of light , presumably lasers , which serrated several of the choppers filled with hopeful marines .
tr	NN	The operator spoke to me at the same time , and I couldn 't figure out what either one said .
tr	NNS	Now that the service was to begin , the screens froze on a great picture of him standing out on his farm with his family around him .
tr	NN	The lead guitarist seemed even less pleased about Barry 's presence when he discovered they shared the same first name .
tr	NNS	Four trillion , seven billion , thirty-six million , nine thousand , seven hundred , and fifty-eight matches .
tr	NNS	After another moment of thought , he added , " The traders will expect payment for their services and we will have another mouth to feed . "
tr	NNS	Werewolves usually mate for life but only if they 're true mates will a symbol appear somewhere on their body . "
tr	NN	The imprint of his mouth lingered on her lips , the bite of his fingers on her back .
tr	NNS	His actions toward his sister told Catherine what kind of man Logan Montgomery really was .
tr	NNS	The chains vanished from my foot , and blood dripped down from my arm .
tr	NN	There was a chorus of refusals .
tr	NN	A grimace crossed his face .
tr	NN	Even so , adrenaline still surged through her body , warming her blood .
tr	NNS	" The drinks are for invited guests only . "
tr	NN	All that mattered was the presence .
tr	NN	The primary goal of Ares 4 is to get a look at the long-term effects of Martian weather on deep layers of strata exposed by the crater .
tr	NNS	Things went bad between them a long time before that , though . "
tr	NNS	Things will play out as they 're supposed to . "
tr	NNS	" My apologies , " he said stiffly .
tr	NN	There was no burial and no identity when he moved from this life to the next .
tr	NN	" How long does a picnic have to last ? "
tr	NNS	His writings had plucked at her courage , creating a crescendo of hope , love and desire that commanded release .
tr	NNS	The teachers are boring and patronising .
tr	NN	As it 's a sunny day , the hood makes her look bizarre anyway .
tr	NNS	Claiming the unoccupied oddity as their own the people of Medlock instructed their staff to load up the luxury crafts , and .
tr	NNS	Angelus was aware that all eyes were on him as the crowd and the other Council Keepers waited for his response .
tr	NN	The redhead used shooting irons even close-up , a fighting style I 'd never seen before .
tr	NNS	His trousers are pleated , his golf shirt bright green .
tr	NNS	Lots of things she could do tomorrow .
tr	NN	The creak of the screen door brought her gaze around , and it locked with Garrett 's .
tr	NNS	Noelle 's eyelids fluttered in response to his voice but David refused to acknowledge it .
tr	NNS	Her telepathic abilities were increasing ; her senses were more acute .
tr	NNS	Towering figures with wings and spears in their hands emerge from behind the trees and bushes .
tr	NNS	There were gallons of broad spectrum anti-biotics on board , even nutritional supplements .
tr	NNS	" So can I. Things weren 't always smooth sailing between the two of us . "
tr	NNS	Aurelius had the vampire 's bite .
tr	NN	Every inch of the benches running along the three rows of tables was vacant .
tr	NNS	Just before he reached me , the pirates caught up to him .
tr	NN	The bastard never struck his face where he might leave evidence of his brutality ; his bruising ran from the neck down .
tr	NN	~ ~ ~ Maynard 's bearing left little doubt he knew about her skills as a Weaver .
tr	NNS	When the commercials ended , the monitors went up with Thompson standing in front of the barn door .
tr	NNS	Paul 's hopes were high .
tr	NN	" A setup , " Charlotte murmured , obviously realizing the same thing Roman had .
tr	NNS	But the same documents will get your search warrant and , consequently , a truckload of indictments .
tr	NN	His manner turned serious .
tr	NNS	To her left , rows one through twelve held 144 prospective jurors , and to her right , rows thirteen through sixteen held the remaining 50 .
tr	NN	A palatial rectangle sits in the middle with a gold inlaid table that 's fit to seat twelve comfortably .
tr	NNS	But there are other directions , lots of them .
tr	NN	Your reputation is spreading , which is wonderful .
tr	NN	Before she knew it , midnight had come and gone .
tr	NN	Another vendor came at me with his wares .
tr	NN	The elf backed away from the counter .
tr	NN	The stack of paperwork on my desk was calling my name and I sighed , nabbed one more shrimp , then started closing up containers .
tr	NNS	" My deepest apologies , Sire , " Yves said .
tr	NN	" There is an open archway back there .
tr	NNS	Diggs shook his head in response to my question .
tr	NN	" Back to Blue " by David Berkeley - The Fire In My Head Rhett 's blue eyes looked confused as he held me in his arms .
tr	NN	Steve 's practicing for hours this summer has really paid off .
tr	NNS	His eyelids narrowed menacingly , hiding all that gold , leaving only the black of his pupils .
tr	NN	" Wait till you see what we do with the ornaments , " Jenny 's volunteer helper announced .
tr	NN	The mayor and the rest of them in River Sunday figured they 'd get Jake to build a new one .
tr	NNS	No matter our intentions , there are deaths now .
tr	NNS	There are rough edges to smooth sides .
tr	NNS	" The adult beverages were flowing .
tr	NN	The sedan hadn 't moved .
tr	NN	His heart thumped and his breath left his body in heavy gasps .
tr	NN	Even leading the King 's army does not get you the prestige you seek .
tr	NN	The dragon has released himself from the spire .
tr	NNS	The wolves watched him come for a moment , then as one , turned and raced away , vanishing into the birches .
tr	NN	The growls rumbling in his throat became more animal , almost threatening .
tr	NNS	Moses asked , without showing any serious interest .
tr	NN	Love grinned in return .
tr	NNS	Two bows were on you at all times , but they were handled by adults .
tr	NNS	All the comforts of home , Mortimer thought with amusement .
tr	NNS	The restless episodes grew fewer and farther between .
tr	NNS	Fluorescent red letters eight centimeters high spelled out a warning on the panel in front of him .
tr	NNS	The park facilities were missing , as well -- including the restroom building where they 'd just changed their clothes .
tr	NN	Warm liquid ran down her fingers , pooling in her knuckles .
tr	NNS	" Those peaks are hardly a kingdom . "
tr	NNS	Then there were the dinners at the Goddard Ranch .
tr	NNS	The gangs had long before crashed in through the door and taken over the lobby .
tr	NNS	Brady 's nostrils flared with distaste as he breathed in the stale smell of boiled vegetables , cigarette smoke and years of slipshod cleaning .
tr	NN	The master circuit said , " Are you in a rush ? "
tr	NN	The madness invaded their minds as they hurried to the house where Toni 's mom used to live .
tr	NNS	Darkness pools in the pit of my stomach , feeding ravenously on my fear .
tr	NNS	The duchess sent her an odd , quelling look , then turned and spoke rapidly to Melanie .
tr	NN	Nausea hit me full force .
tr	NN	The first pitch was a blistering fastball that crossed the plate a fraction of a second after Cowboy released it .
tr	NNS	Images from the fringe keep rising up inside me like hiccups .
tr	NN	A spark of an idea struck in the islander 's head .
tr	NN	Carlo 's wife 's uncle raised the veal himself and delivered it this afternoon . "
tr	NNS	Liz : Oh , the ideas are already there .
tr	NNS	New gusts of wind demanded more strength .
tr	NNS	Onstage , three crosses had been erected .
tr	NN	The scar got to me , but Bianca seemed completely over it .
tr	NNS	Aris met Nikolas 's brilliant blue glare head-on , not even thinking of extending a hand he knew wouldn 't be taken .
tr	NNS	The hallways are beginning to get crowded with more students entering the building .
tr	NNS	The gems sparkled and twinkled like so many stars in the heavens .
tr	NN	The real damage was in the loss of life among the American maintenance personnel .
tr	NN	When it did not , the male leapt to his feet , Pounded his chest , and roared with even greater fury .
tr	NN	The alligator appears to be lifeless , but this time no one gets near it to check .
tr	NN	The baron had the upper hand with all the advantages the big city could yield .
tr	NN	Not even a single noodle got through my teeth , if I want to be totally honest .
tr	NNS	Faithful followers , " Grinder roars , " you are to disregard the nonsense these two have spewed out .
tr	NNS	" Our wolves recognize each other .
tr	NN	The warrior responded calmly , saying , " You just never know ; you always have to be sure . "
tr	NN	All that proved that his father had been , or was , a snake goblin .
tr	NNS	" Maybe the same skills , but I am a man . "
tr	NN	A log burnt through its core , the last thread dissolving like a bridge collapsing into a lake of coals .
tr	NNS	And your figures are fallacies , really .
tr	NN	Occasionally , on a very lucky day , an idiot would leave the keys in the car , and the average time was reduced dramatically .
tr	NN	Part of her felt a little guilty .
tr	NN	Bugs ' creativity kicked in at the thought , " Yeah , I like that .
tr	NN	Another booth sold scenic photos of the Pacific Northwest , and another , thick , hand-knit Indian sweaters .
tr	NN	An old intern turned the page of a newspaper .
tr	NN	Then there was a bellowing roar from the corner of the room .
tr	NN	The teacher backed away from the boy 's desk in alarm .
tr	NNS	" How hot do their suns get ? "
tr	NNS	My eyelids peeled themselves apart , and I blinked in the bright early morning light .
tr	NN	Again and again a warrior , heaving high her heavy blade , found his point in her jugular before she could strike .
tr	NNS	Flowers filled every vacant space , some planted and others wild , but all beautiful in the eye of the visitors .
tr	NN	Love followed her into the corridor outside Timmy 's room .
tr	NN	But now I know , it ´ s a hereditary problem , this bullying comes from bad parenting skills .
tr	NN	The model broke into a hundred pieces .
tr	NN	" Former deputy warden .
tr	NN	The goblin turned his head , and they made eye contact .
tr	NNS	" Us , too , " Diane said , seeming genuinely astonished .
tr	NN	Her citadel was in ruins , destroyed down into the ground by the combined force of my friends and their allies .
tr	NN	Surely a tissue under the cup should receive bonus points , if not outright victory ? "
tr	NN	The soil was hard and stony and the briars and the brambles were enormous .
tr	NNS	Since she hadn 't seen the license plate or the driver , the chances of the police finding the car were practically zero .
tr	NNS	Others have taken credit for their finding but make no mistake these are relics left by creatures of high mind .
tr	NNS	Others hurled themselves like spears from the walls .
tr	NNS	" Families may be starting to wonder why their boys didn 't come home last night . "
tr	NN	His roar nearly flattened her .
tr	NNS	Down a few inches below the strata where the wire was located were a variety of Confederate artifacts .
tr	NNS	It drooled an icky , viscous drip as two long , red tentacles slipped out from between the teeth and lifted the box from the ground .
tr	NN	Once upon a time , immortality didn 't protect him .
tr	NNS	Edward 's sources of amusement were few - guns , bullets , and death .
tr	NN	But when he saw the need in her eyes , any hesitation fell to the wayside .
tr	NNS	Her fingernails have cut him , and the red smears against the white sheets .
tr	NN	Before Eli could answer , there was a ' gong ' and the gates to the holding pen opened .
tr	NN	Which was the worse sin ? "
tr	NNS	Their schedules conflicted a lot , with her in school and Carmine out doing whatever he was told to do , but Friday nights were the exception .
tr	NN	" How did the government get into it , Mark ? "
tr	NNS	Anyway , pirates attacked her boat or maybe a storm made it sink .
tr	NNS	The bits and blood attached to my body coagulated and slid right down the drains , cleanly and efficiently .
tr	NNS	And if you get any more texts call me immediately . "
tr	NN	Love is about respect and I lost that by the time we turned ten .
tr	NNS	Alexis came in , winked at Alejo and tried to strike a sultry pose .
tr	NNS	Images of the time they 'd spent together in the bedroom came back to her , and she understood .
tr	NN	My hunger knows he 's there .
tr	NNS	" The gills only open underwater .
tr	NN	My unease grew with every passing moment .
tr	NN	The range , accuracy and rate of fire of a proper war bow was vastly superior to that of any musket .
tr	NN	The dye didn 't touch just one molecule , but flowed out and touched every molecule in the glass .
tr	NN	The city dwarfs liked him .
tr	NNS	The zombies would also be at their weakest in daylight .
tr	NNS	His mattress has been flipped over and slashed and a few holes have been put in his wall .
tr	NN	" Oh , so , no damage , then , " Jason said , which was such a brother thing to say that Claire smiled .
tr	NN	" Let 's drag these poor souls out of here before the blood gets all over the place . "
tr	NN	A dark vortex spiraled toward her , suddenly pulling her in .
tr	NN	No success , I 'm afraid .
tr	NNS	The toddlers were naked but the older the children became the more clothes they seemed to wear .
tr	NNS	Flames erupted around them .
tr	NNS	Both qualities she 'd already strained to the limit .
tr	NNS	But fathers weren 't always careful when they stepped up to defend a daughter .
tr	NNS	Maks watched Olga 's body crumple after a bullet to the head .
tr	NNS	There are no crazy experiments , no dashes of lightning and high , cackling laughs .
tr	NNS	Things just haven 't always broken his way , and sure some of that is his own fault .
tr	NN	Then the twinkle turned so outrageously mischievous , her anger drained away .
tr	NN	" Those brave beetles .
tr	NNS	Things were deathly still and quiet ; as he recalled later , everything seemed to be in slow motion .
tr	NN	The captain let the trigger loose and there was a moment of silence .
tr	NNS	The actions of the Holey as the device was about to be destroyed aren 't clear .
tr	NNS	David and Dr. Salem exchanged a look .
tr	NN	" And this panel keeps out the cosmic radiation ? "
tr	NNS	Her powerful paws knocked one of the guards to the ground , his ice crystal shooting off into the sky like a wayward bird .
tr	NN	As her eyes adjusted , she saw more of the sparkling lights floating through the woods below , a wide swath of lights carried through the trees .
tr	NN	The sergeant gave me a sympathetic look , his hand resting on my shoulder .
tr	NN	" The concierge can help you with any tour options , and access to a private car comes as an option with these rooms . "
tr	NNS	Things were normal between us .
tr	NN	That idiot could not have figured that out , that little touch was mine .
tr	NNS	The cats will find out that they are not very welcome . "
tr	NNS	The aliens had loomed over us my entire junior year , but after the first few months a false sense of security had settled over us .
tr	NNS	" Those drops of water are good luck !
tr	NN	A clang made her stop halfway .
tr	NNS	" Things are infinitely better now . "
tr	NN	The mike crackled and hummed , making a noise that threatened to fizzle out into static .
tr	NN	The surgeon looked back to Vad with a blank expressionless face , as if to suggest that he was only part of the background .
tr	NNS	Both styles were a recipe for failure .
tr	NN	" Actually , I don " t think we found the murder scene , sir . "
tr	NNS	Makes sense , doesn 't it ? "
tr	NN	Part two is going to be the most epic of love stories .
tr	NNS	Things will seem clearer in the morning . '
tr	NNS	Her pupils dilated so her eyes turned a seething black .
tr	NNS	But still , in her experience , finding solutions to insoluble problems usually hinged on having more , not less , information .
tr	NNS	Girls fell all over Brandon .
tr	NN	" The guy writing this piece of crap , " The Author said , " Now get focused on that black object .
tr	NNS	Beans turns around and falters at the sight of her bruises , shooting a glare my way .
tr	NN	The recorder buzzed beside him and he saw the green lights which signaled the shift to replay .
tr	NNS	His thumb stroked across her full lower lip , a sensuous caress .
tr	NN	The Program doesn 't think I know .
tr	NNS	The black leather seats had a soft feel .
tr	NN	Smoke and dust billowed out , attacking Tick 's lungs with a vengeance .
tr	NN	" That weakness , " says Roland to me , " they tried rolling you .
tr	NNS	The sharp edges of the holes cut into her palms as she climbed .
tr	NNS	My own experiments into " living book " production had shown me that a connection to the collective unconscious through a human medium was a powerful catalyst .
tr	NNS	All characters and events depicted in this book are fictitious and any resemblance to real persons , living or dead , is purely coincidental .
tr	NNS	The actions of one person cannot possibly compare to those of the entire Earth .
tr	NN	Haddington waited to see if there were more , the vicar was taking a sip of his drink .
tr	NNS	Sutton 's teachers sat mingled with the students .
tr	NNS	There were little dents all over the plastic , focusing the overhead lights on her face like round bright pustules .
tr	NNS	His pupils shrink as his eyes open wider .
tr	NNS	In all cases the bright colours contrasted with the bruised hue of their skins .
tr	NNS	The three band members also squinted at the banner .
tr	NN	When that moment passed , however , guilt scraped at her .
tr	NNS	Things are not always as clear as they may seem . "
tr	NN	My therapist approves . "
tr	NN	Whilst we show you the cells , my Sergeant can show your second in command round the base .
tr	NNS	Both Bonnie and Mrs. Flowers came over to the computer .
tr	NN	Love looked over to the other side of the road .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of the halls brought back memories from his school days .
tr	NNS	Elias could tell that Judson was having trouble suppressing a laugh .
tr	NN	Her stepmother was addressing a crowd flamboyantly .
tr	NNS	" No bites , just demon blood . "
tr	NNS	So , you would say , there are no poets in rock and roll ?
tr	NNS	Other patrons emerged from their rooms , and soon the guards arrived , breaking everything up .
tr	NN	Memory can be a funny thing , sometimes , with what it decides is worth keeping .
tr	NNS	Marius shook his head , his heavy brow drooping low over his eyes .
tr	NNS	The passengers aboard the chopper could hear the screams of those outside -- total chaos continuing .
tr	NNS	" Your responsibilities should come before me , which is why I want to wait for you , Will .
tr	NNS	No flags waved from the shattered carcass of a building .
tr	NN	The exchange of expressions suggested he should continue with the plan .
tr	NNS	The rows of boarded up barracks we passed were not nearly as old looking as those I had seen that first day .
tr	NNS	Images and thoughts poured into my head as if someone stood above me with a pitcher .
tr	NN	The realisation hits me harder than a wrecking ball .
tr	NN	His explanation was so stark and matter-of-fact .
tr	NN	" And her regard will never alter or diminish .
tr	NNS	Again the pirates made an orderly line and placed a marble in the tin .
tr	NN	But dread churned in her stomach .
tr	NN	" True , but the grandmother might know where Neil would go to keep Gwen safe and capture the bad guy . "
tr	NN	" If you 're truly settled down and ready to continue my family line , then the proof will come by way of an heir . "
tr	NNS	How many grams of fat were in it ?
tr	NN	' Wait here , ' the stranger telepathically commanded .
tr	NN	Neither the hunger in his belly or the burns on his back felt as bad as the mental anguish he was feeling .
tr	NN	" And a fenced yard in back , so the kids can 't wander too close to the woods .
tr	NNS	The tentacles were already sliding out of Bonnie 's hair .
tr	NNS	My companions ' footsteps were tentative and careful behind me .
tr	NNS	Your military skills certainly do . "
tr	NNS	Dragons cannot stand the cold , so when winter fell Hal and his wing would fly south .
tr	NNS	The narrow hallways always had pipes overhead , and there was no decoration anywhere .
tr	NNS	There were many different levels of branches reaching out for each other from tree to tree .
tr	NNS	The cameras watched me as I drove under .
tr	NNS	When I 'm breastfeeding , boobs happen . "
tr	NN	The train whistle shrieked in Forte 's ear .
tr	NNS	But combat mages sent the typical HR manager running in the opposite direction .
tr	NNS	Classes have started everywhere . "
tr	NN	The aura was indeed something special .
tr	NN	Inside the garage was another small , vintage car but there was also a motorcycle .
tr	NNS	There are thousands of kids out there who still adore you .
tr	NNS	Our detectives believe you smuggled him to Mexico aboard Teleport . "
tr	NN	The whole castle lay in ruins , tower after tower were falling over into rubble and dirt .
tr	NN	" Ah , " said the tall priest .
tr	NN	" Absolutely , " the secretary of state said quickly .
tr	NNS	The fans took to Lucifer because he was real .
tr	NNS	If he is telling the truth , the only other witnesses who could verify this are the two thugs and Baumann . "
tr	NN	The owl didn 't repeat its call , and he frowned , thinking it strange .
tr	NN	The peak that concerned her most was still easily visible , but now it was to the northwest .
tr	NN	There was a dull thud as his body hit the floorboards .
tr	NN	" Clearly my arrival is an unexpected pleasure . "
tr	NNS	" Flight attendants , prepare for takeoff , " the captain came over the intercom .
tr	NN	When the song ended the mayor leaned in to kiss his wife under the mistletoe .
tr	NNS	Even if these Feeders do garner enough information to get the ship moving again , chances are that they won 't see the planet in their lifetimes .
tr	NNS	Considering that we started out with almost thirty people , the chances are roughly twenty percent for any given individual . "
tr	NN	Love , Rush His abnormally perfect handwriting made me smile .
tr	NN	A large braided rug of browns and pinks covered much of the shiny wooden floor .
tr	NNS	The lawyer 's fees alone will bankrupt you .
tr	NN	" But -- " " Hi , ladies , " interrupted Saul and Selena looked at him with relief .
tr	NN	" I do some criminal defense work , so never underestimate the determination of a cold-blooded killer .
tr	NNS	Things were different now .
tr	NNS	" Many other races go for a far more direct route in their enjoyment of substances . "
tr	NNS	The storm 's white winds bit harshly at her ears as she listened .
tr	NNS	There were various other insects and critters hiding in the woods that they couldn 't see but they cold hear the sounds around them .
tr	NN	' Yes , a meticulously timed coincidence . '
tr	NN	Boy and shadow fell upon each other in a warm greeting .
tr	NNS	My instincts toward our son were no less maternal than if I 'd given birth to him myself .
tr	NNS	But there are New Testament scholars who detest and despise Jesus Christ .
tr	NN	The pendant tied to the knapsack ?
tr	NNS	' Others have . '
tr	NNS	Parts of me had filled out more while other parts had tightened .
tr	NNS	Things here were moving on .
tr	NNS	The day Diggs put away childish things .
tr	NNS	When you switch from living life on auto-pilot to just surviving the moment , your priorities shift , rotating swiftly on an invisible axis .
tr	NNS	The werewolves howl gleefully and double their efforts .
tr	NN	But the lack of reluctance in her voice had been the most telling aspect of their brief conversation .
tr	NN	A pulse of thick , complicated desire throbbed and urged her to tighten their embrace .
tr	NNS	Words couldn 't spill fast enough from her battered brain to her lips .
tr	NNS	Reyes followed Angelica 's directions , moving faster now .
tr	NN	Silas 's Remove worked well .
tr	NNS	Aris and I are going to do what we were told to do , and life goes on .
tr	NNS	" Not at all , detective work isn 't all about science , intuition counts for a lot at times .
tr	NN	" Why I am such an idiot ? "
tr	NNS	Gramps gives my arm another squeeze before I walk away .
tr	NN	The operator was dodging tree limbs as he turned out onto the road and hadn 't seen the car .
tr	NNS	Yeah , and pigs will fly .
tr	NNS	" What is it Cassius ? "
tr	NNS	The changes she had to face .
tr	NN	The patchwork of yellow and purple looked ridiculously out of place amid all the grey .
tr	NN	A wayward tentacle , an escapee from the right eye of Alicia 's mother , tested the buttons in what appeared to Paul as curiosity .
tr	NN	For now , all that mattered was that we were safe .
tr	NNS	Lights twined around the rustic wooden frame , twinkling in a weirdly festive cascade of white , gold , red , and green .
tr	NN	Your mating hunger is calling to you .
tr	NNS	The drill sergeants quickly circled Josephine .
tr	NNS	A moment later , both actors were off the bed and watching playback a few feet away from where Valentina was sitting .
tr	NNS	The ramifications of parents we don 't even remember .
tr	NN	Anger and resentment began to well up in me , and I wanted to throw a beer bottle straight at his face and mar the perfect handsomeness .
tr	NNS	Maks noticed how the corset laces had left a line of running knots in the dead flesh .
tr	NNS	Dried floral materials stood in large metal containers .
tr	NNS	Looks like he ´ s composed another masterpiece .
tr	NNS	The wisps of graying brown hair falling into her face , she looked earnestly at Ransom then at Ryder then at Ridge .
tr	NNS	Strangers were rare in this part of the world , the only part Balthazar had ever known ; perhaps that was why he became suspicious so quickly .
tr	NNS	The rounded puffs of smoke from the fire look more like women 's boobs to him , but he doesn 't say so .
tr	NNS	The passengers were lumbering across a narrow gangway onto the ship , and she shoved past them , dragging Esme behind her .
tr	NNS	At least , the other villagers thought so .
tr	NN	Surely divorce was better than this sort of misery .
tr	NN	The scuba swimmer came to the surface and spotted the pickup boat less than 100 yards away .
tr	NNS	Suddenly , their expressions changed from fury and triumph to fear and shock , as both vampires were pulled backwards at once .
tr	NN	The phoenix had to care , had to love .
tr	NN	For my next literature class . "
tr	NNS	And then the crows come for most of us .
tr	NNS	More gorillas poured into the compound , ignoring the rasping broadcast sounds .
tr	NNS	His kisses travel down my jaw and onto my neck .
tr	NNS	Flames of throbbing pain shot through her hand as her bones crunched together , sounding like someone grinding coffee beans for their morning brew .
tr	NNS	" All cells produce invisible waves , talking to other cells .
tr	NN	A hawthorn stake driven into a Vampire 's heart was the most common method of destruction .
tr	NN	The Mexican high command had seen enough of him to know that he was a Tejano .
tr	NNS	In the distance , sirens blared , coming closer .
tr	NNS	" Why do the creatures strangle themselves for you ?
tr	NNS	Stacks nodded , his eyes growing distant .
tr	NN	The urn shatters , and explodes .
tr	NN	' The attempted intervention failed .
tr	NN	Love could end in hate ; it could end in bitterness and divorce .
tr	NN	The hawk would let his prey come to him .
tr	NNS	Exploring tunnels seems better than standing here , choking on ashes .
tr	NN	My subconscious telling me that if he pursues me , then a California fuck is okay .
tr	NNS	So she said , " Yes , no worries I am sure I can manage . "
tr	NNS	The few bites of salad Emily had eaten felt like lead in her stomach .
tr	NN	That hesitation was all that Saul needed .
tr	NN	A tiny seed of memory sprouted .
tr	NNS	A huge fireworks display , or so it seemed , with a thunderous bang to go along .
tr	NNS	When they 'd finished eating , both creatures began to gather up the remaining pieces of Rodney .
tr	NNS	The wolves split up as the group reached the steps to the temple .
tr	NNS	Words pour from my heart , from my lips without thought to consequences .
tr	NN	The only explanation he could imagine was that Gaskin had done a deal with a devil for immortality .
tr	NNS	It 's perfectly formed smooth petals were open and trusting .
tr	NNS	" My son Jasper " - he gestured to where Jasper stood , tensed and ready - " has experience in this area .
tr	NN	The president 's appointments secretary told Lonergan that the president had a meeting with General Whitman that night .
tr	NNS	The bright afternoon suns ate away the tail of the daily squall and glistened off the wet black rocks of Dash Point .
tr	NN	A blaring siren woke me .
tr	NN	My only option was to trust White to protect her .
tr	NN	Moving to an ideal spot in the clearing , Link stares at the ocarina for a nostalgic moment .
tr	NN	Their route took them past a fortune teller .
tr	NNS	His breeches were black velvet also , decorated with ribbon down each side seam and tied at the knee with ribbons of gold .
tr	NNS	Starbucks is ahead of us .
tr	NN	" Her and half the other women of quality left in the city , " the second gentleman answered him , a voice vaguely familiar .
tr	NNS	Malcolm had been a madman , legends went , a ruthless fighter none could defeat , the only of five Mackenzie brothers to survive Culloden field .
tr	NNS	Things must be a little rough for her if she 's living in the neighborhood .
tr	NN	The room rumbled again , the roar followed .
tr	NN	My escort sighed and I felt his arm tighten .
tr	NNS	However , as thick blood poured from the wound , the giant 's movements began to slow .
tr	NNS	My teachers suggested to my parents that I should train to become an unskilled laborer .
tr	NNS	Over the city and the land the ages flowed as waves flow over a beach , and each wave brought alterations .
tr	NN	The thief got an insane impulse to lean over and give those serious lips a nice warm kiss , but he wisely suppressed the urge .
tr	NNS	Your instincts to protect your family will be even stronger .
tr	NN	Work in the unyielding barren dirt on the hills did not pay enough to buy the luxuries other Americans took for granted .
tr	NNS	" However , the Summer and Winter courts do not think it important enough to intervene .
tr	NNS	The sorceress 's nostrils curled in disgust , the smell of death permeating the air .
tr	NNS	Little frogs aren 't like human children , you see , who read books when they 're young to learn of the wide world beyond .
tr	NNS	The twins need medical care . "
tr	NN	A threadbare chair Lay broken there By the hearth so icy cold .
tr	NN	The hawk struck hard and fast .
tr	NNS	The drugs they gave me .
tr	NNS	Others that were dependent on modern medicine for continued life would soon follow .
tr	NNS	Here in Green Bay , my classes are going about the same as always .
tr	NN	Only the plates rattling sharply together broke the ensuing stunned silence .
tr	NNS	If I stood up on the rafters and looked down , the bright colors contrasting against the dull gray walls would 've made an amazing photograph .
tr	NN	' The trick is to replace them when she 's not looking .
tr	NN	" And a tailor who has discovered clothing without seams or weave for a client who happens to have rectangular nostrils and ear canals ? "
tr	NN	There is no television .
tr	NN	The Jeep lurched back and crashed into the station wagon , pinning a screaming abby to the bumper .
tr	NN	The chef certainly knew how to use it though .
tr	NN	A gentle rap on the door stirred him from his musings .
tr	NNS	There were thousands of chandeliers overhead , each dripping with glistening teardrops .
tr	NN	" A bit extreme for someone you don 't know .
tr	NN	A glint highlighted by the lights above ; a shiny little sparkle off a device in Minister Drake 's ear .
tr	NNS	Cars , horns , pedestrians , and flashing lights add to the noise and bustling atmosphere .
tr	NNS	' But those costumes are impressive . '
tr	NNS	" There are chemical factories dumping material right into the sewers .
tr	NN	The maid returned and Ivy fussed with the tea trol ey .
tr	NN	My Master and I never got around to discussing it . '
tr	NNS	Skulls and bones were everywhere .
tr	NNS	The chances are that she is not pregnant and with her unsound mind she 'd quickly forget all about me .
tr	NN	The never-ending pendulum of popular support would swing away from the Chancellor just in time for the next election to roll around .
tr	NNS	Even with preservation spells , the picture 's colors were beginning to fade , and it was worn around the edges .
tr	NN	The mountain range blocks everything else off . "
tr	NN	How would your grandmother have something like this ?
tr	NNS	But there are many more areas where we need to see if we 're that compatible . "
tr	NN	the older knight said cheerfully .
tr	NNS	The twins have such sweet faces that I think we tend to forget just how wise they are .
tr	NNS	How could aliens be the only thing that made any sense ?
tr	NN	The beacon in his boot would direct the helicopter even without radio contact .
tr	NN	A rainbow is a cause for rejoicing .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of his poor dead wife always made him contrite .
tr	NNS	Their wooden jaws hung open grotesquely .
tr	NN	So much parental guilt , so much Lily need for a dog .
tr	NN	Dove finds her stride and we pull free of the little tempestuous pack that we were trapped in .
tr	NNS	The throw pillows were on the floor instead of the couch and the room smelled like Bruiser , David and Ruby were all farting up a storm .
tr	NN	There was a huge billboard on the front of Olympic Stadium ! "
tr	NN	Pa 's value was in his abilities as a seaman .
tr	NNS	The merciless suns here on the bluff widened the circles of sweat forming under her armpits .
tr	NNS	Words form in my head , as if whispered in my ear from beyond me , beyond here .
tr	NN	Her virginity had stained his sheets and he hadn 't even given her tenderness .
tr	NNS	At the end of the meal , butterflies circle with vengeance .
tr	NNS	Slowly the images of cracking skin and the feel of cold rain start to fade , replaced with something calmer .
tr	NNS	The commercial networks , Munson 's speech now over , are back in control of their satellites .
tr	NNS	Two helpers appeared from the side of the stage carrying large bags .
tr	NNS	There weren 't any zombies wandering in the neighborhood or even the yard , just a shiny black GMC Sierra parked in our driveway .
tr	NN	Milk with honey stirred in it will give me strength .
tr	NNS	Beer goggles were not an issue for me .
tr	NNS	" The forests , " Dennis said , his voice louder and more excited , " belong to us !
tr	NN	When she found it , a churning mass of tattered neon burst into her mind .
tr	NN	The van hit a pothole , jostling his shoulders against the metal side .
tr	NN	A gown like that should have come to just below her knee , but this fell about three inches above her ankle .
tr	NNS	Our colors repelled each other .
tr	NNS	The losers of each game will run an additional twenty laps .
tr	NN	And under their guidance , the guidance of mystics , the world was a temple of goodness and harmony .
tr	NN	The robe lent him a kind of authority he hadn 't felt with the baggy old sweater .
tr	NNS	My classes began today .
tr	NN	One captain is refusing our team of marines ' entry into the bulk of his ship .
tr	NN	The following day the escort arrived and followed their tracks .
tr	NNS	You ... you and I ... but there are the ladies crying .
tr	NNS	Repeated attempts at finding Jane and Lord Lodge had come up empty .
tr	NN	Surely no-one could do more than you did .
tr	NNS	The burns on his skin were horrible to see .
tr	NN	" Love and lust are not the same thing .
tr	NNS	Things like kissing and touching their breasts , of moving inside ... No !
tr	NNS	Others prefer to hide in evergreens like this , or even shrubs . "
tr	NN	The elemental felt the magic of the banishing seize him but couldn 't fight it .
tr	NN	How 's your Durante ? "
tr	NN	He frowned , the design of his mineral features made it a slow , grave motion .
tr	NNS	Stop dreaming , I thought , but I didn 't dare say it out loud .
tr	NNS	On his feet were sandals .
tr	NNS	Girls are magnets for musicians , and he manages to fend them off like a lion tamer . "
tr	NN	Then came a brief entry .
tr	NN	The pup not understanding the danger , not even really paying attention to the other boys ran back across the bridge because it was frightened .
tr	NNS	Electric motors sounded , and large steel gears began rolling the blast doors out of the way , splitting down the middle .
tr	NN	The railing drew closer and the dark ocean lapped up and down , expecting them .
tr	NN	In this way , the master can return with no harm to the physical vehicle .
tr	NNS	There are no more nations , just cities .
tr	NNS	The twins weren 't lying .
tr	NNS	Their lies led them to destruction , destruction they deserved !
tr	NN	In each of these three cases , unavoidable damage will be extensive and the results doubtful .
tr	NN	Feeling crazed with desperation , she taunted , " That is what you 'd like to think , isn 't it ? "
tr	NNS	Animals have always liked me .
tr	NNS	Flames danced over him .
tr	NNS	My other clients had paid -- cash in white envelopes with my name on them -- so I decided I was justified in waiting until Monday .
tr	NNS	Such items sold well among Lock Core 's wealthy , and were highly prized for their foreign beauty and craftsmanship .
tr	NNS	The footsteps had stopped , but nothing was there .
tr	NN	Her warm tongue teased his , her throaty groans slowly destroying his control .
tr	NN	His secretary , Carolyn , said : " A Dr. Ross called from that Wildlife Fund in Houston ; she 's on her way to San Francisco .
tr	NNS	The two locks on the door have different mechanisms , so I scour the keychain for possible candidates .
tr	NN	Something real y bad may come out of this or something real y good or ... nothing at al .
tr	NNS	Dogs of all sizes charged and pawed at the fence , their frenzy deafening .
tr	NN	Our real debt and obligations total $ 50 trillion dollars not $ 16 trillion as claimed by our government .
tr	NN	The only option left now was to jump from the window , and hope no one saw me do it .
tr	NNS	The signs were not for a sudden windfall but a gradual improvement . "
tr	NNS	Our bellies are empty , for it is the middle of the cruel winter and there is nothing about for us to eat . '
tr	NNS	" The facts are open to other interpretation . "
tr	NNS	The winds were strong and icy cold against their skins .
tr	NNS	Cassius warned them to stay at the safe house .
tr	NNS	Thoughts were somehow more real than they were before , like he could reach out and touch them .
tr	NN	A long , jagged scar stretched up her forearm .
tr	NN	But a more thorough exam at a morgue would 've revealed the strangeness of the coin .
tr	NN	His pulse was weaker and faster , his breathing shallow and ragged .
tr	NNS	The bookshelves closed behind me , making no sounds .
tr	NNS	Some couples even had a pram .
tr	NNS	The rows of seats inside were just metal frames and springs .
tr	NN	The castle was similar to the other governors ' homes , yet it lacked some of the opulence .
tr	NN	A chuckle burst out of nowhere .
tr	NN	In the daylight , the damage was apparent , but it seemed as if it could be readily repaired .
tr	NN	The captain turned to make his way back to his post , and Leah grabbed the Prince by the arm and pulled him along after her .
tr	NN	My mate , not a ' thinking man ' but a ' doer , ' stated the oft-repeated adage " Be careful what you wish for .
tr	NNS	There were several new dresses she had bought with attending church in mind .
tr	NN	" The only demand I 've faced is utter disappointment . "
tr	NNS	The servants looked at Harald , unsure what to do .
tr	NN	The conviction that death was beaten spread .
tr	NN	The usual tradition , however , was for the council to choose the eldest son .
tr	NN	The presentation of the body and the methodical way Emerson had been killed were both characteristic of an organized killer .
tr	NN	A stab of pain punched at both of Mack 's eyes and he covered them reflexively .
tr	NN	An impossible notion to anyone who knew how anchored to him she was .
tr	NN	That concept made her smile , even if the comparison didn 't quite work .
tr	NNS	" Things got worse .
tr	NN	Whichever option came first .
tr	NN	The waterfall was much too high for any of the musicians to survive .
tr	NNS	The Supernatural creatures hadn 't been fighting to exterminate one another , only to see who would reign supreme .
tr	NNS	Things were looking up for the rest of her summer now that she and Cade would be together more .
tr	NNS	" And what are the symptoms ? "
tr	NN	The goal was always to draw a reasonable conclusion , advise both parties , and expedite a settlement .
tr	NNS	The car passengers formed an undulating barrier on either side of the car , meshing together shoulder to shoulder .
tr	NNS	Cars from dozens of states flowed on and off the interstate in an endless stream .
tr	NNS	My eyelids fluttered , and I heard footsteps recede .
tr	NN	After lunch , boredom began to torment me .
tr	NNS	The colors swirled faster , mingling into a muddy brown that slowly shifted to a lighter red .
tr	NN	The pit here was no different : a scaffold hung in the far end and a pile of PVC pipes lay at the bottom .
tr	NNS	What are its aims ? "
tr	NN	Helen 's closed posture faltered slightly as the conversation shifted in tone .
tr	NNS	There were no footsteps behind her , so she dared a quick peek .
tr	NN	' Why 's there all that lightning and stuff ? '
tr	NN	The L-shaped corner booth was perfect for Neil , who could take an end spot on the bench and watch his teammates .
tr	NNS	Just in case ... The day was cool , and from everything she 'd read , jail cells were notoriously drafty .
tr	NNS	The two detectives and the nurse went into an empty day room .
tr	NN	To them , electricity meant television , and television meant the ability to see the big game between the Padres and the Dodgers .
tr	NN	" Your honesty is what sets you apart from all the deception swirling around us .
tr	NNS	The pills hadn 't worked .
tr	NNS	A half dozen businessmen were in the process of talking as they came and went .
tr	NN	By the time I pulled into Kenny 's driveway , there was a New Jersey State Police sedan and an unmarked SUV parked on the street .
tr	NN	Farnsworth leapt to his feet , agitated , pacing toward the door until Hancock put his hand out to halt the other man .
tr	NNS	In this day of online booksellers , readers like to know what other readers think .
tr	NNS	Giant sunglasses obscure her eyes and a thin gold chain hangs from her neck .
tr	NNS	" Things went that bad ? "
tr	NN	" Sale ... " The sergeant tossed the mannequin aside .
tr	NNS	Two tentacles must have taken turns anchoring it to the ground , because when the first died , the second clamped itself horizontally over the ghost-like creature .
tr	NN	" My uncle has a slightly more forward vision of women 's capabilities .
tr	NN	There was no better description to indicate that Rex was happy to have left Serendipity and the people in it behind .
tr	NN	The fame overwhelmed her , but she 's learning from her mistakes .
tr	NN	The secretary , who was around his mother 's age , but nowhere near as attractive , gave him a smug lip curl .
tr	NNS	' Fine , fine , so the nurses say .
tr	NN	If that one goes well , our agent says we might get a headliner billing at the Palace . "
tr	NN	Now , after what I 'd just seen , there was no pretending anymore .
tr	NNS	Wings fluttered above her , no two quite the same .
tr	NN	His hacking into the system would likely ring the first alarm , and us rescuing the Walker would trigger the second .
tr	NNS	" Dogs will eat garbage if you let them . "
tr	NN	When he was finished , the desktop looked as clean as when I 'd bought the machine .
tr	NN	The sergeant looked around at the road , cursed again , turned to Carl , and cut the embossed buttons from his coat .
tr	NNS	Bodily fluids flowed through the streets .
tr	NN	A prophecy isn 't really a prophecy if you don 't unravel it until after the fact , you know .
tr	NNS	Flowers flew at her from people following the procession and Titus sat up to help her gather them all .
tr	NN	Taylor looked at Wilbur with raised eyebrows , " I guess you got yourself a partner , partner .
tr	NNS	My brother Moses says I got an intuition for truth and lying .
tr	NNS	All the previous shots only damaged a single point , a meter wide chunk of the earthwork before .
tr	NNS	The bright colors seemed to accentuate the blackness of her skin ; she was beautiful to the eye .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids fluttered as she tried to come awake .
tr	NNS	" Dogs are great .
tr	NNS	Things will be the same as they always were back in England , of that I have no doubt , but surely that 's a good thing ?
tr	NNS	The Greek warriors that had assembled for the contest began murmuring amongst themselves .
tr	NN	My reflection is just a daze of skin and hair and teeth , and , god , I can still hear that last shot .
tr	NNS	There are cameras everywhere . "
tr	NN	" What she means is , " The shorter brunette chimed in .
tr	NN	The leader of this hunting party was Wolf Eyes .
tr	NN	And there was almost always a glitch in it somewhere .
tr	NN	The guilt was too much .
tr	NN	Your uncle must be worried .
tr	NNS	Quiet footsteps moved through the foyer and into the kitchen .
tr	NNS	My siblings loved to go with him to the lab .
tr	NN	My adrenaline started pumping furiously through my veins .
tr	NNS	Whenever we hung out , the differences expressed themselves in subtle ways .
tr	NNS	' Sometimes siblings just want revenge . '
tr	NN	As they walk , the cub is growing weaker and trailing further behind .
tr	NNS	If I run , their primal instincts will take over : they 'll hunt me .
tr	NNS	Wind gusts swirled a stray baggie and some paper wrappers through the air .
tr	NNS	Things were going smoothly so far .
tr	NN	Daddy , Mike had long ago decided , was an idiot .
tr	NNS	His apprentices exchanged a startled but relieved look , as if this were their greatest desire yet they knew it could never be .
tr	NNS	" Place stinks of corned beef , " moaned Preston to Joe as he walked up .
tr	NN	Happy birthday , " Sali mumbled sarcastically .
tr	NNS	Myles drew her into a hug .
tr	NNS	Hendricks looked quickly at his watch .
tr	NNS	Waves of alternating fever and chills ran through me , and my hands unconsciously grasped handfuls of cold dirt from the wall behind me .
tr	NN	A spiral staircase was at its end , sitting inside a domed entryway .
tr	NN	The Calling is what we call the desire we acquire to touch and taste a soul .
tr	NN	Her embarrassment was too deep for words .
tr	NN	The captain is waiting to see what maneuver we 'll try . "
tr	NNS	After a moment , the countess and her son followed , and after that all those assembled found better places to be .
tr	NN	The guardian at the front looked in her direction .
tr	NN	When Bertie and Joe arrived at the hospital , Zoey 's condition improved but she still had a long way to go .
tr	NNS	" Things aren 't always as they seem .
tr	NNS	Myles didn 't take even a second to respond .
tr	NNS	The effects of the gas are just wearing off .
tr	NN	But there aren 't any tigers within a fifty kilometer radius from here , " the neighbor retorted .
tr	NNS	Besides , without this money our investors might need to divert money from the I-4 project to the campaign .
tr	NN	A prolonged churning in my gut along with bowel movements alerted me that I had to go .
tr	NN	His belly was flat and ridged with muscles .
tr	NN	Her villain , nasty creature that he was , had written at least eight .
tr	NNS	The markings of the rope on her shoulder were red and swollen .
tr	NNS	These fabulous creatures cruise the depths like ghostly balloons , lit from within by their own radiance .
tr	NN	He kissed her again , the miracle called woman .
tr	NN	Always it 's the same , us cops end up tossing the match , " the sheriff said with a snicker .
tr	NN	The delivery of nutrients is but one of the two functions of the circulatory system ; the other is the removal of waste .
tr	NN	The whole concept still gives me a headache , so I don 't think I 'll go into it any further .
tr	NNS	Their signs had pictures of cruise ships and bombs .
tr	NNS	Things usually get worse before they get better . "
tr	NN	The roar was huge , brain rattling .
tr	NN	" What 's all the racket out here ? "
tr	NN	His coven there was not so lucky .
tr	NN	Fortunately , her chosen clearing brought them a few miles closer to Dimitri .
tr	NN	And then the water was between them , and all Dan ' r saw , felt , or heard , was the raging of the storm .
tr	NN	As far as Riley was concerned , the tournament couldn 't have turned out better .
tr	NN	Genital parts stimulation works the best . "
tr	NNS	The gates opened silently and they drove down a long shingle drive towards a large old brick house .
tr	NN	The suffering is terrible .
tr	NNS	The letters all had one thing in common .
tr	NNS	The squirrels were busy digging and hiding acorns everywhere .
tr	NN	the deputy asked , his voice lower .
tr	NN	" Storm 's not here any more . "
tr	NN	The route to the ladies ' took her right past the " trouble . "
tr	NNS	All the gang members are minors .
tr	NNS	But even her athletic abilities hadn 't earned her very many friends and Selena still found herself sitting alone at lunchtime and without dates to school dances .
tr	NNS	My abilities stayed consistent in both worlds , but my magic was a bit stronger over there - especially in the Thorn Land .
tr	NN	" Can 't ya " ll wait till we get our own rooms ? "
tr	NN	Seemingly in answer to my thoughts , the page in front of me updated itself .
tr	NNS	The other warriors were watching too .
tr	NN	August 23 Teddy 's condition continues to deteriorate .
tr	NNS	Things hadn 't been right since he 'd found that empty pill bottle .
tr	NNS	And my instincts tell me that we 're in trouble , real trouble .
tr	NN	The tube rider shot out of the chamber , but for Markman there was no sense of acceleration at all .
tr	NNS	There are several estates in the immediate vicinity and they are seeing if they can catch the children 's scent .
tr	NNS	The two goons grabbed Hank by either arm and escorted them by either arm .
tr	NNS	The chances of Ted being available and willing to help were slim to none , so she considered her options for Saturday .
tr	NNS	Something unreadable darted across his face and was gone .
tr	NN	" That Healer should be looking after my arm , not some slut 's face , " the older Warlord said .
tr	NN	More proof not to expect happy endings and forever after .
tr	NNS	Only inches separated them , yet neither moved .
tr	NNS	Strong ammonia fumes burned their eyes .
tr	NN	A clang , then a crash and some muffled voices popped and hissed in the air .
tr	NNS	The rats scooted around the twists and turns .
tr	NNS	As the music started up , my cousins narrowed their eyes .
tr	NN	Maybe the pup had been the product of a one-night stand , and she 'd been out somewhere , had the baby , and freaked out .
tr	NN	At times the abundant plant and animal life distracted Jason from the taxing terrain .
tr	NNS	There were squirrels and birds eating out of a bird feeder that hung out of a plum tree .
tr	NNS	My Mercedes is just a remote control car . "
tr	NNS	Their dark images were perfectly lit by the full moon .
tr	NN	Not only athletic ability , but also star power , no pun intended .
tr	NNS	The tame forests of Versailles hid the same shadows as the wildest places of Martinique .
tr	NN	A pot of soup or stew on the stove gave off a tantalizing aroma .
tr	NN	In the meantime the aircraft sent by James Bogart to inspect Abel 's apartment , is landing on the roof .
tr	NN	A wonderful recovery , he thought as he continued his story .
tr	NNS	Her footprints were plain on the dusty floor .
tr	NN	The chef on his boat insisted on serving only beer with seafood .
tr	NNS	Screams rose and utter panic ensued .
tr	NNS	Although the hotel was an old building , the facilities had been recently updated , so that the only old parts left were those bringing character .
tr	NN	The Aston Martin manual open to the table of contents .
tr	NNS	The two crow creatures came forward and took them .
tr	NNS	Wedding arrangements should have solidified the bond between them , not driven them farther apart .
tr	NNS	Her letters came with the same old regularity , full of affection , concern , advice .
tr	NN	The winning elf was full of thanks , pledging his everlasting loyalty to the Prince .
tr	NNS	The two garbage bins sat next to it .
tr	NN	Her loyalty was powerfully touching .
tr	NNS	So did my hopes of passing his tests .
tr	NN	" The War of the Scars promises to end because both sides see that it might go on for ever .
tr	NNS	Now the whispers turned into loud screams .
tr	NNS	All the addresses were in the Los Angeles metropolitan area .
tr	NNS	Cassius opened the gate .
tr	NNS	Corrado 's footsteps faltered as he flashed Carmine an irritated look .
tr	NN	The Ambassador blew a whistle before he picked up the phone .
tr	NN	" My grandmother lived there too .
tr	NN	The fellow seized the cup gratefully and drained it in several noisy gulps .
tr	NN	The female race as a whole was provoking .
tr	NNS	Romulus tapped a book hidden under his shirt .
tr	NNS	At 26 , were my hopes of marriage and a family really drifting away into the ether ?
tr	NN	The siren shrieked in one of my ears .
tr	NNS	There were human witnesses who saw it .
tr	NN	The beacon topping the pyramid , flashed its powerful signal day and night , guiding and rescuing travelers from the endless tracts of the Outlands .
tr	NN	Today , the vote for king would occur .
tr	NNS	There are weddings planned every weekend over the next three months , starting this Saturday .
tr	NN	" My secretary , " Varg said .
tr	NNS	The antibiotics kick in fast .
tr	NN	Wynn 's unicorn came from her mother 's side of the family .
tr	NN	Not even the clatter of wood as it fell on the floor .
tr	NNS	The earth 's axis shifted as did the magnetic poles .
tr	NNS	In the flickering light of the dying torch these two pale figures had become haunts to him , demons themselves .
tr	NN	There was a door ajar , and she could hear a TV or radio playing from beyond it , but no one was there to greet her .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of the dark-haired boy I 'd imagined rol ed through my mind in a wave that eclipsed the other thoughts .
tr	NNS	There were three rows of colorful buttons above the left breast and a winged eagle on the right .
tr	NN	The bastard was getting off on what he planned to do to her .
tr	NN	The payoff of security and safety for her family eased a deep ache , which she 'd fought since her father had the heart attack .
tr	NN	The brown cloth wrapping fell away to reveal what looked like part of a broken surfboard .
tr	NNS	Things we 'd like to change or areas we 'd like to improve upon in the coming year .
tr	NNS	As were any ghosts .
tr	NN	The captain lent against the lowered periscope .
tr	NNS	Their mothers warned them not to hurt me , in case I turned their eyes into runny pools or their teeth into tiny squares of mud .
tr	NNS	Things that people want to be told are true but are lies , are known as happy lies .
tr	NNS	The house builders had excavated the interior floor about waist deep into the ground and then paved it in smooth stone .
tr	NNS	Five aliens remained inside the warehouse , their bullets and fire spraying all around me .
tr	NN	The fellow had actually defended Mao as setting China on her feet !
tr	NNS	Flames raced up the hall and surrounded them .
tr	NNS	Plans for the week , plans for the summer , and plans for life floated back and forth across the table .
tr	NN	How is the government going to be compensated for the last load that was destroyed ? "
tr	NNS	When he hit the button , all ten red bulbs froze , but there was a single bulb outside the rectangle .
tr	NN	Part of me is curious to see if he 'll touch me while I 'm there .
tr	NNS	Somehow the jarring winds didn 't destroy the gray frame house .
tr	NN	Her brother Ric stood next to Jason with a huge smile on his face , as well .
tr	NN	My career was the only thing in my life I had done right , and now I do not even have that . "
tr	NNS	Her front paws had locked onto his face and throat .
tr	NNS	There are villages that were burnt . "
tr	NNS	Even at school the other pupils called me names . "
tr	NN	Besides , its habitat was open prairie , not thick woods .
tr	NN	The pavement had melted into tar .
tr	NN	The limb creaked dangerously .
tr	NN	The immense warrior gave a nod of greeting to Darion , but his dark-brown eyes were on his mate alone .
tr	NNS	Your mom 's nostrils burned whenever she took a breath .
tr	NN	A dark thrill that should 've surprised her lit up her blood and scattered her senses .
tr	NNS	Rags , his tail wagging furiously , was retrieving the missed balls .
tr	NN	She made walking motions with her fingers , mimed uncertainty , up the road or down .
tr	NN	The pilot , a short , nondescript - nonhuman - male , drew the door closed behind him , then promptly readied for takeoff .
tr	NNS	Cold shudders paralyzed her for a moment as Victoria collapsed to the ground .
tr	NNS	The servants sat around Sadie 's long brown locks and braided them .
tr	NNS	He stood , mouth gaping open and stared at her .
tr	NN	A sparkle appeared in her radiant green eyes that restored her beauty for a split second , but then it vanished .
tr	NN	Our division was not solving anything and would result in our suffering unending torture .
tr	NNS	His fears wouldn 't let him feel good about this .
tr	NN	Then , his master at arms and his wife slipped outside and shut the door .
tr	NN	The sage looked to the tome and nodded .
tr	NNS	Lights were on in the windows .
tr	NNS	The deaths of my parents and Sydney left me with the guilt and grief that would empower me to get off that floor .
tr	NNS	" Well , Your Highness has not been rude to us , as some have .
tr	NN	Karen 's welfare was more important than anything , even her job .
tr	NNS	Others in the crowd looked at Obadiah in surprise .
tr	NN	There 's always an explanation .
tr	NNS	But her sneakers felt nailed to the floor .
tr	NN	The peephole opened only from the men 's side .
tr	NNS	" Dogs don 't require artificial coverings . "
tr	NNS	And scrambled eggs can be a challenge -- nobody likes them slimy . "
tr	NNS	Images flooded into her mind , bodies slain throughout the castle , blood everywhere .
tr	NN	The trick was to look for the darkest corner , and that was usually where the Shadow was .
tr	NNS	The abyss stared down , dominated and contained .
tr	NN	The Unknown Designer ? "
tr	NNS	About two seconds later , all those happy expressions died .
tr	NNS	" There are different levels of service , Avery .
tr	NN	The operator explained to him something that made him angry .
tr	NN	His resolve broke away and he pulled Savannah to his chest .
tr	NNS	Nine pats me hard on the back , which I 've come to realize is as close as he gets to real affection .
tr	NNS	Still , the invaders were some of the best horsemen I 've ever seen .
tr	NNS	" Your organs will liquefy inside you well before you die , pooling beneath your skin .
tr	NN	Then the teacher , Mrs. Hardaway , put them into a bowl and squished them into worm paste .
tr	NN	My spine cracked several times .
tr	NN	A cold determination flooded Cassie 's veins .
tr	NN	" A mass meeting now , is it ?
tr	NN	Where was his gratitude ?
tr	NNS	In the aftermath of their lovemaking , their stomachs full , their bodies sated , they held each other tight and slept .
tr	NN	The foliage outside shook with more violence .
tr	NNS	The drunken sentences were grating on my last nerve .
tr	NNS	But these kisses were deeper , more urgent and I shuddered under him . '
tr	NNS	' Some couples do . '
tr	NN	One particular student caused trouble , both in the town and to Father Francis .
tr	NNS	" The finals are in two weeks .
tr	NNS	There are no signs of pursuit .
tr	NN	" There was a Vampire here ?
tr	NNS	" Their fountains are probably about to come on .
tr	NNS	And their minds were no longer entirely their minds .
tr	NN	Jon 's bullet had missed him .
tr	NN	" There is a gentleman being detained at the elevator .
tr	NN	His hand brushed a curl from her face , those amber eyes tracing the line of her jaw to linger on her lips .
tr	NNS	" Nice skills , " Serena 's voice came .
tr	NNS	" The dress greens are especially nice . "
tr	NNS	The Las Vegas leaders walked away too , only Muriel giving Graham any kind of deferential farewell .
tr	NNS	His carefully worded statements made me uneasy .
tr	NNS	" There are swarms of those people , aren 't there ? "
tr	NNS	" The city authorities have already dealt with this .
tr	NNS	These pain pills were really screwing with my memory .
tr	NNS	Screams the voice from outside , and the front gate of the house crashes loudly open .
tr	NNS	The bikes slid into another curve .
tr	NNS	The wolves complied and I haven 't been able to contact anyone .
tr	NNS	" The philosophers erect ladders of thought to climb . "
tr	NN	His fin felt rough like sandpaper , where hers was soft , smooth , and no different in texture and color from the rest of her skin .
tr	NN	The Red commander frequently walked alongside Heather as they discussed the possibilities for the next stage of the conflict .
tr	NN	A video of Jack carrying me out of the restaurant as the paparazzi swarmed us flashed across the screen , making my chest squeeze .
tr	NNS	The spikes struck the top and missed her but sliced a bunch of her family members standing behind her .
tr	NNS	The numerous levels the city , were now open to the air and the sky .
tr	NN	Her brother 's arrival reinforced that truth and she rose to meet him .
tr	NN	The sheriff was still on his cell phone as she re-entered the foyer .
tr	NNS	Lea exchanges a glance with Jaxon and then looks at me .
tr	NNS	Pack rats built nests everywhere in this part of the state , even in the engines of cars .
tr	NN	Her mommy was here .
tr	NN	The balm 's cooling agent sank deep into his flesh , outlining each of her fingers .
tr	NNS	Her warriors had felt it too , and the surge in their brutality had turned the tide in the Red Army 's favor .
tr	NN	The diary is still untouched .
tr	NN	The hunt progressed no faster than a crawl as they picked their way through the hot humid forest and bothersome insects .
tr	NN	Above , below , and within the walls we hung from , the Undead wailed in fury .
tr	NN	The word Gospel , means the Good News .
tr	NNS	The lies are what did it .
tr	NN	Every day a multitude of decisions took each soul nearer or further away from death .
tr	NNS	There were billions to be made !
tr	NN	Besides , there 's a complication . "
tr	NN	Instead there was this sympathy in her expression .
tr	NN	One sentence brought the memory back to haunt me , flooding my mind and taking over my senses .
tr	NN	Terror crossed both boys ' faces at the same instant .
tr	NNS	Before he made up his mind the pirates already started dragging me back to their ship like a bunch of cavemen .
tr	NN	The thud of an assertively shut door preceded Gwen stepping around the front of the vehicle .
tr	NN	The firelight touched everything with gold .
tr	NNS	The footsteps go straight to Sydney 's room and I hear the door slam .
tr	NNS	Girls wouldn 't be able to resist his perfect , brother figure .
tr	NN	As nightfall hit , the carnival 's effervescence shone like a burning star , giving the impression of a magical place full of happiness and warmth .
tr	NN	His partner died a while back , and they just assigned him a new one .
tr	NNS	All the dwarves sprang Bp knocking over the table .
tr	NNS	The women 's expressions told Stacy they expected some kind of response .
tr	NN	The dragon opened both eyes and studied the splatters of paste before it on the ground .
tr	NNS	" So let it be recorded , " intoned the Council members .
tr	NNS	" My apologies , " Peter smiled .
tr	NN	More guilt surged through me , along with anger .
tr	NNS	Curious as to why he is needed , the midshipman walks into his captain 's office . "
tr	NNS	So what are your chances of moving up the list ?
tr	NNS	Things will probably go much better now that he has people who know what they 're doing .
tr	NN	The warrior never spoke , except with gestures .
tr	NNS	Anna 's sudden motherly instincts wanted to make sure Thomas Jr. was properly cared for .
tr	NN	History will not repeat itself .
tr	NN	The dragon bravely put himself between the two of us , and she simply kicked him aside .
tr	NNS	My attempts to at this sort of work had rapidly come to naught .
tr	NNS	Things were going so well she started to think she had overreacted to the potential crisis and decided to join the story time group at the library .
tr	NNS	Others in your situation may have gotten drunk with the same power and greed that you are looking to overthrow .
tr	NN	Then the operator stopped the engine , quiet returning to the marsh again .
tr	NN	He didn 't want to mention that from June onward , his schedule would be impossible .
tr	NNS	From behind it more creatures came , dressed like the first .
tr	NNS	The hallucinogenic fumes soon emerged .
tr	NNS	The dwarves made a fine-looking coffin of dark cherry wood , and the centaur women made a beautiful floral arrangement for the top .
tr	NNS	If you have no guns , then shooting levels will go right down .
tr	NN	His scar doesn 't hurt either .
tr	NN	Love smiled and turned away .
tr	NNS	Sad movies always made her cry .
tr	NNS	The shots sprayed the door to the pub instead , ruining the entryway , gouging holes in the brick and mortar .
tr	NN	" The Chief Eunuch approaches the throne , " the adoring chorus intoned in unison .
tr	NN	At the thought of this potential camaraderie , a little thrill of horror went through him .
tr	NNS	And the gates began to slowly open .
tr	NNS	Right behind them , werewolves emerge from the passageway .
tr	NNS	If she missed the smallest detail , the ramifications could be huge .
tr	NN	" The divorce is final this week .
tr	NN	A sliver of light filtered in from the large window , illuminating his somber expression in the darkness .
tr	NNS	Angelus appeared on the other side of the pool .
tr	NN	The curl to his lip told Andrea he wasn 't used to being questioned , especially not by what he considered lesser beings .
tr	NN	" Where is the envoy ? "
tr	NN	The leader said something funny , and the fat people laughed .
tr	NN	" Your granddaughter spends the summers with you ? "
tr	NN	The mountain is treacherous in the daytime , much less in the dark .
tr	NNS	Moses was thinking about Winky .
tr	NNS	The drugs only made her body feel sluggish .
tr	NN	The gown wasn 't too appalling , thank heavens , because Nicole had taste .
tr	NN	Turning back to the pair across the room , this time Balan noted the lad loitering nearby .
tr	NN	The hunger that spread over her face made him unable to bear the speed with which she exposed him .
tr	NNS	" The elevators are over there . "
tr	NNS	Flames danced over her skin , centered between her legs and filled emptiness so that her body craved more .
tr	NNS	Things won 't return to normal here for a while , though weapons vendors may try their luck .
tr	NN	And that neighbor of mine , Hank Akers , he came by just yesterday with another full load of pickup wood .
tr	NN	Today , of course , was Saturday .
tr	NNS	Marius hurried to the truck and opened the driver 's door .
tr	NNS	The losses were getting heavier every week .
tr	NNS	" My colleagues were trying to tell me to get some rest , to let them take over , but I wouldn 't listen .
tr	NNS	New images are flashing before my eyes too fast .
tr	NNS	" A few facts , none of them particularly helpful or I would have told you right away . "
tr	NNS	The skyscrapers showed him the way .
tr	NNS	Sometimes , though , the humorous twist I usually try to put on situations that could turn confrontational isn 't appropriate .
tr	NNS	But that 's probably one of the reasons the other factions don 't take our opinions or decisions seriously .
tr	NNS	And my actors were trained enough to step back and make roles of their own .
tr	NNS	" There are no other life signs . "
tr	NN	" Of which there is neither from his end , " the captain insisted .
tr	NNS	The council members flashed out .
tr	NN	In the initial contact alone , her shield thinned to a hair 's breadth .
tr	NNS	Werewolves were half man .
tr	NNS	The eggs , " he mumbles through a mouthful of food .
tr	NNS	The two remaining raced in our direction , and I aimed the launcher at the wide pilot 's window of the nearest shuttle .
tr	NN	The pot had been up to three hundred dollars .
tr	NNS	The winds that blow on a prairie , will stir up clouds to make rain in the river valley .
tr	NNS	I went into the house , grabbed a few napkins , a couple of glasses , and a bottle of wine .
tr	NN	Boom , boom , boom , boom .
tr	NN	' That scythe blade on the pendulum .
tr	NN	His audience , sitting on the deck , watched him with alert and polite incomprehension .
tr	NN	But the canvas held no more interest for me , and I suddenly felt awake and wired .
tr	NN	A tall , white-haired gentleman who looked to be in his late fifties stood on the stoop .
tr	NN	More guilt , " she said , trying to keep her mind on the discussion .
tr	NN	Every now and then Chain would curse something out .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared as his eyes darkened and flashed something red in them .
tr	NNS	The twins were certainly not identical .
tr	NNS	Alexis gasped with excitement as she watched John and a stranger walk in and sit down .
tr	NNS	His whispers flowed hotly against her ear as he thrust faster , his voice more urgent .
tr	NNS	Vincent 's paintings would be dust .
tr	NN	The winner is Brown , with twice as many customers as Baker in second place . "
tr	NNS	" There are hotels in New York City .
tr	NNS	There were four movements to each of the last three selections , instead of three .
tr	NN	With that , the warrior disappeared .
tr	NNS	And how many other members of your cell ? "
tr	NN	After a lengthy investigation , the coroner had ruled it a murder-suicide .
tr	NNS	Back at my old school , the teachers always decorated for Halloween .
tr	NN	The attorney spoke up , " I wouldn 't offer any information , " the attorney said .
tr	NNS	In some ways , the accusations against me are true .
tr	NNS	Lights from downtown created the calm , glittering ambience of Il Piazza .
tr	NNS	Soldado reached a far point in the site area , turned and raised his hands again to the sky , the rods pointed directly over his head .
tr	NNS	His pupils vanished and his eyes were now a zombified white color .
tr	NNS	" Things go the way they go .
tr	NNS	Three attempts and it was in .
tr	NN	Part of him didn 't want to leave the room while another knew he needed to prove to her how far he could go .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids fluttered down and her head fell back against Kaitlyn 's arm .
tr	NN	" My Laird , is she - " " Yes , " he said quietly .
tr	NNS	The experiments produced residual effects , though .
tr	NNS	Marius glared at the television screen , at the newspapers spread out before him .
tr	NN	The manner of its becoming a corpse did not particularly affect me .
tr	NNS	The red flares were mesmerizing .
tr	NN	The lack of Imp feeds did distract the soldiers long enough for Mac to shoot them , but that only worked for the people who were closest .
tr	NNS	Certainly the satellite images of a woman in a drug lord 's compound could be her .
tr	NNS	A tightness she saw in this last tiny fitting ; subtle clue to a mind ruffled with impatience on a day attended for lifetimes .
tr	NNS	Instantly images flashed through my mind one by one .
tr	NNS	The goons smiled down at both of them .
tr	NN	The rope he used to bind me has silver threads in it .
tr	NNS	The silky soft strands of his hair slipped through my fingers as I wondered if he could feel my heart cracking .
tr	NNS	The only items she approved of in my wardrobe were my shoes .
tr	NNS	Those types of men will just try to take advantage of that .
tr	NN	The guilt swept through her and she felt like her heart would crack right open .
tr	NNS	Her origins were unclear , but one thing they did know .
tr	NN	Maybe there is some legal route I could follow to find her .
tr	NNS	As soon as I sat down , three cats jumped up with me and made themselves comfortable .
tr	NNS	The squeals in the background confirmed it .
tr	NN	Jazz just looked at her .
tr	NN	The elf stepped out of the sleigh and surveyed the rioting hoards below .
tr	NN	Another fifty bucks she didn 't have .
tr	NNS	" Most trailers have two pack members . "
tr	NN	There in the deep shadows cast by the steep black sides of the hull was the Hunter 's canoe .
tr	NNS	And under them , stained with their blood , the pirates found a crypt carved in the solid stone .
tr	NN	Barely raised from her head , the glowing white halo completed her costume .
tr	NN	History was pretty much repeating itself .
tr	NN	" The heart charm means the most to me , because I should have known a long time ago what love felt like .
tr	NNS	" I 'm sorry , child , the cards don 't tell me everything .
tr	NNS	Elias , the poor bastard , looked miserable .
tr	NN	His attire usually consisted of pants and linen shirts , paired with rich , flamboyant cloaks .
tr	NNS	Still , actions caused ripples on the surface of the world , no matter how small they were , or how stealthy their intent .
tr	NN	" Chance lost ... " Gwen stopped and cleared her throat because her voice sounded too weak .
tr	NN	Then comes the dawn , a princess whose skin sparkled like pearls , whose glittering dresses appeared to bring an angelic light to everywhere she walked .
tr	NNS	The windshield wipers could barely keep up with the pouring rain .
tr	NNS	Myles climbed in after them , with no other thought than being with his wife .
tr	NNS	The nurses have reduced the painkiller dosage and , though my body still hurts , the physical ache isn 't nearly as crippling .
tr	NN	His morning routine began with a cup of espresso , followed by a hot shower .
tr	NN	" Forgive me My Lady , " the priest said , closing his eyes .
tr	NN	The dumb football jock persona disappeared once I got to know him .
tr	NNS	My aunts were among them .
tr	NN	A diaphanous garment swirled around her .
tr	NNS	Shouts of frustration and some laughter mocked him on his way .
tr	NN	" That was the best anniversary present we 've ever gotten , " the cowboy said .
tr	NN	( Maya 's determination to leave her shoes under her desk was a constant bone of contention with Pia . )
tr	NN	The trio ran , soon catching up to John who was silently marching down the steep ramp .
tr	NNS	The elves can do all those things . "
tr	NNS	My footsteps pounded on the cement stairs , echoed in my ears as labored breaths panted from my mouth .
tr	NN	And a showdown was in the works .
tr	NN	Their first challenge was Atlanta -- and Nick knew if he failed there , there 'd be little hope after that .
tr	NN	Into that void , a molten , fiery hatred flowed , filling her anew , forging her into something else , a weapon of fury and vengeance .
tr	NN	" What a goddamn mess .
tr	NNS	Of course worker bees treat you friendly , but their friendliness is put on , what with their mechanical smiles and carefully memorized phrases .
tr	NN	" Does the government know ? "
tr	NN	" No appreciation for the arts , " Will murmured , setting his teacup down .
tr	NN	" The map , " I said to Tolliver .
tr	NNS	There are other types of moving , but what do you see so far ? "
tr	NN	A heap of newspapers sat stacked in piles next to a brown leather recliner that faced a fireplace .
tr	NNS	His footsteps grew louder with each second she wasted .
tr	NNS	Magical lands that she would never see , save in her dreams .
tr	NN	" My daddy has a small ranch over on Molokai .
tr	NN	His eyelids flutter , and his shoulders slump , looking drained .
tr	NNS	Her tentative footsteps crunched in the gravel , drawing her closer to danger .
tr	NN	Why was there a tube taped there ?
tr	NN	Her spunk reached out and grabbed him by the libido .
tr	NN	What a doll she was .
tr	NNS	The ceilings reached to infinity , and the furnishings were sparse yet tasteful .
tr	NNS	The roller coaster ride jolts to the left with the mighty force then swiftly ends as the belly slams into the soft brown dirt .
tr	NN	The only liar in this room is you . "
tr	NN	Dove flattens her ears back by way of an ungrateful hello , but I put her in the stall next to him anyway .
tr	NN	The sharp slice of agony that lit up my chest told me yes .
tr	NNS	But our efforts were completely useless since it only made you go extinct again .
tr	NN	A glass chandelier that looks like it 's from France or something blinds me with its bling .
tr	NN	The air conditioner vent gently blew her mom 's hair in front of her face .
tr	NN	The infection had spread to his body ... very soon , he too would be a dead one .
tr	NNS	Just sat on that horse , holding Garrett 's accusing stare .
tr	NNS	The pangs of jealousy made it impossible for me to enjoy anything .
tr	NNS	Acacia 's fingernails were more powerful than anything we had .
tr	NNS	Others among the crowd expressed quiet hostility and anxiety towards the vampires .
tr	NNS	Lots of good luck coming your way , bro .
tr	NNS	The ladies here , of his age and a few years older , were eyeing him with interest .
tr	NN	The oven had preheated .
tr	NNS	Three more kicks brought the stone creature 's body to the edge of the circle .
tr	NNS	The servants started calling me Princess Alice , as I insisted on the name Alice .
tr	NN	Its shrieking terrorized him .
tr	NN	That sole arrangement felt like a disgrace .
tr	NNS	There were no signs of a struggle and no marks on her , not even a drop of blood .
tr	NN	In this case ' SX ' is the Dartmoor map , the next six digits correspond to the grid on the edge of the map . "
tr	NNS	Obviously there weren 't many visitors around here .
tr	NN	But the difficulty is to reach the point of recognising that all we have done and can do is nothing .
tr	NN	The behemoth bumped its head and horns on to the other beast .
tr	NNS	My nostrils flare to take in a stronger scent .
tr	NN	The principal looks from me to Brian , and I know he knows the truth .
tr	NNS	Plans had changed when he discovered Emma was seeking a husband .
tr	NNS	The characters and the laughs stood up just fine on their own .
tr	NNS	Dubois 's promises weren 't worth the air it took to make them , and Kell knew it .
tr	NN	Did your momma give you your phone back ? "
tr	NN	Since she was a devout Catholic , divorce was not an option for her .
tr	NNS	The passengers all took positions around the rail in anticipation of their voyage .
tr	NN	A spotlight shone on the stage and there was a drumroll .
tr	NN	Slowly , his tail began to wag , and he moved in closer , lovingly leaning his head against her leg .
tr	NNS	Loose items continued to buzz around the console with the sound .
tr	NNS	But his recent actions has forced the question of his loyalty . "
tr	NN	The lack of a legitimate economy caused a vicious black market to arise .
tr	NNS	More sirens are getting closer .
tr	NNS	Things had happened quickly .
tr	NNS	The disappearances around here have nothing to do with what happened . "
tr	NN	Then , just a few years back , I guess , the sheriff caught a group of men growing marijuana plants . "
tr	NNS	The ripples of energy vibrated all the way to my bones the second Jared 's mouth overtook mine .
tr	NN	Gradually the other patrons who had run inside for shelter came out and gathered around her .
tr	NN	The flashlight fell out of his hand as he instinctively grabbed his ankle with both hands .
tr	NN	The agony was nearly more than he could bear .
tr	NN	The passenger looked around for a moment , then snorted .
tr	NN	Her twin stood right next to her .
tr	NN	A moment later , the tray crashed to the floor .
tr	NNS	The three collared werewolves were still in their cages .
tr	NN	Zack and the others - they too , were his jailers .
tr	NN	Possibly the sheriff had told him to stay away from me if he wanted to keep his job ?
tr	NNS	Our tongues tangled deliciously .
tr	NN	The most recent entry linked to a free guided meditation podcast .
tr	NN	Love stared up at the house and at what looked like a window belonging to a bathroom and a larger window on the floor below .
tr	NN	A bruise was already forming where Dom had grabbed me during the scene .
tr	NNS	Your fears are groundless . "
tr	NNS	Long jaws , too large for the head , protruded forward , making the wide , flat nose seem ridiculously small .
tr	NN	There was an amused glint in his eyes .
tr	NNS	The figures made a circle around the closed door , one hand inside their jackets .
tr	NNS	The only letters he ever had were from the CTC , his cycling club , or from the local football team giving details of his next game .
tr	NN	A square of white shone onto the floor through the open door .
tr	NN	The Niagara Falls model must have been on special offer . "
tr	NN	The one simple sentence glared at her .
tr	NN	The chemist was losing a fortune on him because of me !
tr	NNS	Not for me , but the generations to follow will look back at these times and wonder how stupid we were .
tr	NN	' What 's your favourite ? '
tr	NNS	Reyes turned back to Angelica 's photo and he sipped his drink .
tr	NNS	There was chains rattling , clanking , and clicking , and then an animal growling .
tr	NN	Thinking of her made me wish she were here .
tr	NNS	" My deepest apologies , Peretz Scheffer is currently away from his post on assignment .
tr	NNS	So Morgan 's goons were using these buildings for something .
tr	NN	But the full implication of this didn 't register , at least not then .
tr	NNS	Heavy cloth suits hung limply on the wall , alongside yellow sculpted helmets of the sort Norman had seen the divers wearing .
tr	NN	Every faction which had dedicated itself to the fight against Ancients , had the same design .
tr	NNS	The deck was otherwise deserted , the sails furled for the day .
tr	NNS	Their facial expressions changed as my father spoke .
tr	NN	The screw through Jon 's heart turned even more harshly .
tr	NN	Part of her couldn 't fault him .
tr	NN	Blue paint splattered in the middle looked like what may have been intended to represent a lake .
tr	NNS	He shook his head slowly , such sincere regret in his eyes that he had her almost believing him .
tr	NNS	The pills hadn 't totally worn off yet .
tr	NNS	Our scales are a bit dry and could use attending to . "
tr	NN	He was so warm and strong , my insides melting with fresh want .
tr	NNS	" Things were so simple at the beginning .
tr	NNS	Things were crazy , and they seemed to be getting worse as the days rolled by .
tr	NNS	The floors were dark , scuffed up wood that looked uneven yet charming .
tr	NN	A red haze settled over me as I swung my attention back to her .
tr	NN	An organization devoted to bringing down the PSC and the Islands .
tr	NNS	Folks along the route cheered as sirens began to blare .
tr	NNS	Doors were on either side of a small hallway .
tr	NN	Jacques ' lack of inflection frightened her more than his anger could have .
tr	NNS	Her boobs are too small .
tr	NN	At her age , the market for unattached men was slim , especially men worth having .
tr	NNS	My grandparents sat and faced us .
tr	NNS	Others believe that they are agents of the Enemy .
tr	NNS	Shane 's directions led us to an old food truck , its exterior weathered and grey .
tr	NN	Bright white lightning masked his descent from the eyes of the human world as he closed his eyes and made the long , dizzying fall .
tr	NNS	My scenes felt dull .
tr	NNS	His eyelids grew heavy , complete exhaustion setting in .
tr	NN	What does the lack of an obvious injury indicate ? "
tr	NN	The captain came back on the intercom .
tr	NN	A louder thud to her right and another clang from the end of the bed were the only other sounds she heard .
tr	NN	" Coming up ahead , " the pilot warned .
tr	NN	But even so , the afterlife mattered to me .
tr	NNS	Others , are more than hot enough to cook our food .
tr	NN	In addition to writing , the author has spent time as a full-time touring musician , touring across the US , Canada , and Europe .
tr	NNS	There are signs of recent sexual activity .
tr	NNS	At night , the gas torches threw fantastic patterns as chill breezes coming through the windows tousled their flames .
tr	NN	Part of the magic inherent in these key words causes them to be forgotten upon utterance .
tr	NNS	The regal letters curled around themselves , ' Karen , ' that was her name .
tr	NN	Her body language had changed as she talked , too .
tr	NN	There 's a flat ledge , encompassed by rocky cliffs .
tr	NNS	Lazy locks slipped over his forehead and curled just below his ears .
tr	NNS	Your actions do speak louder than words . "
tr	NNS	And the church ladies are going to try to match us up as soulmates from now until the rapture happens . "
tr	NNS	Looks like I might be cutting out an invitation . "
tr	NN	" The plant should be operational within a month , and that will increase the full time population . "
tr	NNS	Yet even after that terrible blow the noble elves still managed to reach the Island .
tr	NNS	The nurses were whispering as he approached the reception desk .
tr	NN	The nursing student had ventured into Engineering and spoken to Tessa .
tr	NN	" In other words , the operation will stop his seizures , but it won 't stop his delusions . "
tr	NNS	The other warriors laughed , as well , but there was unease beneath their mirth .
tr	NN	The mountain is higher than I expect .
tr	NNS	Our traveling companions stirred in their sleep , but thankfully they did not wake .
tr	NNS	Things in Corydon never failed to surprise me .
tr	NNS	The only items left inside Rann 's palace are the sinks and toilets .
tr	NNS	His actions are sometimes reprehensible , but he 's not a monster .
tr	NNS	There was nothing he liked better than big groups , crowded hallways , lots of people surrounding him .
tr	NNS	Things had been different , then .
tr	NNS	Cold cases generally take lots of time . "
tr	NNS	Some studios have staffs of readers .
tr	NN	The captain surveyed the rest of the deck .
tr	NN	The absurdity of her statement made her smile .
tr	NN	Even during the winter a trickle of Rus and other Viking tribesmen arrived from the north .
tr	NN	From the end of my bed , my laptop dinged an email alert , and an answering flutter came from my stomach .
tr	NNS	" Low degrees of centigrade and breathing carbon monoxide ? "
tr	NNS	Marius caught the gun easily and slipped the thick strap over one shoulder .
tr	NN	The shower trick was low .
tr	NN	A sob escaped my throat as he slowly looked into my eyes .
tr	NN	There 's one other essential requirement from my side .
tr	NNS	" Lord Haddington of course , it 's an affectionate nickname the villagers have given him . "
tr	NN	Typical of her species , her stature was below the shoulder of a Mystic and she was undoubtedly much slower and weaker .
tr	NN	There was a light rap at the door , and Vetter entered carrying a sheaf of parchments .
tr	NNS	There were no streetlights here .
tr	NNS	Whatever he did the consequences were equally grim .
tr	NNS	Sadness whispered through her when she remembered she might not see her dad again .
tr	NNS	The mattress dipped as the person breaking in stepped onto her bed .
tr	NN	There was carpet everywhere , even in the bathroom .
tr	NN	The raven bowed most elegantly as if it had understood her .
tr	NN	No further explanation needed .
tr	NNS	Soldiers lifted Gabriel to his feet , but his knees buckled .
tr	NNS	Loud fights began with anyone who disagreed .
tr	NN	A long spiked tail , like that of a gargantuan scorpion , trailed out behind .
tr	NN	A large stuffed hawk , the school mascot , sat on top of the secretary 's desk .
tr	NN	The tape was loose , the key dangling slightly .
tr	NNS	But for now our priorities are a bath , clean clothing , and a meal for you and your companions . "
tr	NN	" As my mistress wishes . "
tr	NNS	Few mages could have pulled it off .
tr	NNS	Throughout the next day , the winds howled but by late afternoon , it began to subside .
tr	NNS	My eyelids fluttered open .
tr	NN	Even the policeman who stepped in to rescue me didn 't seem inclined to apprehend the assailant . "
tr	NN	This snake was at least twelve feet in length and nine inches in diameter at the widest point .
tr	NN	The synthetic skeleton surrounding the great hole was sometimes stone .
tr	NNS	All the rehearsed speeches went straight out of her head .
tr	NNS	Others broke out into smiles .
tr	NNS	Only my eyelids could move and my eyes .
tr	NNS	The colors turned slightly brighter , the scents grew sharper , as if someone had dialed the picture 's resolution up a notch .
tr	NNS	" Others heard the shot . "
tr	NNS	He came over her , his hands grasping her thighs at the same time his thumbs caressed and parted her silken , damp flesh .
tr	NNS	The three visitors remained silent .
tr	NNS	Lights began to flicker , sending up bright beacons on the shadowed hills .
tr	NNS	The footsteps were barely noticeable , but closer now .
tr	NNS	" What would the targets be ? "
tr	NNS	The pearls fell from the necklace into the swirling snows below .
tr	NN	Our backyard is very small . "
tr	NNS	That night , the camp leaders held a meeting of all the campers at the dining hall and served up both pizza and sage advice .
tr	NNS	The glossy locks refused to obey her and fell back in place .
tr	NN	In fact , my master strictly forbade it .
tr	NN	She starred in the other one , as well , The Hand of God , Genevieve played a one handed PI .
tr	NN	JJ 's kicking my ass at the game where , riding a cow , you race around a dirt track and knock down scarecrows for points .
tr	NNS	" About situations involving human men and android women .
tr	NNS	His footsteps grow louder as he moves up beside me .
tr	NN	A deep fracture in the rock met them ; a cliff across which they had no hope of leaping .
tr	NN	A tremor shook her body .
tr	NNS	A few more scenes flashed before Shai recognized another face .
tr	NNS	The word changes : go .
tr	NNS	The drums suck , and you 're a sucky teacher . "
tr	NN	The yelling gets louder and Lila sits up nervously and draws back the curtain .
tr	NNS	My fingernails crept to my mouth , bringing back an old habit that I had kicked years ago .
tr	NN	Lizzy never considered that an option .
tr	NNS	Even the first few letters remain out of reach .
tr	NN	There was a sudden roar as the machines came to life and slid down the hill towards the river and us .
tr	NNS	Things were rough at her house .
tr	NNS	Their deaths were not accidental . "
tr	NNS	More loud shouts from below piqued Tom 's attention and he decided to follow after Cody .
tr	NN	A thud sounded behind her .
tr	NNS	But secondly , and more importantly don 't say there is a storm coming .
tr	NNS	The Walking Names always told the girls they couldn 't survive long outside the compound because they would be overwhelmed by the world .
tr	NN	The soil in front of the big rock was soft , sandy , and easy to move , but filled with small stones .
tr	NNS	As it hit the footpath its loathsome contents rolled out .
tr	NNS	Gramps and I are quiet for the next hour while we keep working on the car .
tr	NNS	The rims of his eyes are red .
tr	NN	The cockpit smelled of gasoline and smoke , and a bitter taste filled my mouth , like I 'd been chewing on rubber .
tr	NN	The texture reminded him of citrus pulp .
tr	NN	There was barely an inch between us .
tr	NN	My grandmother couldn 't have gone with a standard buzzer or even one of those normal ding-dong chimes .
tr	NNS	" My sleeping arrangements are none of your business . "
tr	NN	Then , after a good rain , the plant would become green and vibrant , beautiful and blooming .
tr	NNS	There are twelve pills .
tr	NN	There 's some ruffling in the background followed by some voices .
tr	NN	That madman has convinced the whole group to throw their lives away . "
tr	NNS	A few competitors were already surveying the course from the outside with their trainers .
tr	NNS	There were few drops of blood on the floor .
tr	NN	But that calf ought to be bandaged . "
tr	NNS	Drugs overdose it was ; ended up floating face down in his own swimming pool .
tr	NN	" Of course , " the captain said and signalled to another of his men .
tr	NNS	Six mermaid 's bubble trails were too obvious for someone looking for them .
tr	NN	The priest glanced at his colleagues .
tr	NN	" Well , my momma swears by your family .
tr	NNS	Either low-level and irritating , or bigger deals but with charges not proven . "
tr	NN	The only legal biting that could take place between humans and vampires was between consenting adults , in private .
tr	NN	But the elderly inspector recovers magnificently : patting my shoulder , he sighs , regretfully nodding his head .
tr	NNS	The ladies danced around the room , the china and knickknacks clinking in their wake .
tr	NN	My Master never talks a lot .
tr	NNS	Girls and boys aren 't the same that way , and then there 's Jim .
tr	NN	Two darts went flying past her head , barely missing her .
tr	NNS	The three seats next to me were still empty .
tr	NNS	Eventually his letters became less and less frequent .
tr	NN	The rope was long enough to give the animal sufficient freedom to graze on the lush grass in the area .
tr	NN	Her four-week divorce stretched into six weeks and then eight as Keith refused to sign the papers .
tr	NN	Love was not a prize but something she owned inside and shared freely .
tr	NNS	In the second room , a stained , old mattress leaned against a decrepit chest of drawers .
tr	NN	Part of me thought so .
tr	NNS	It was out there , on lord only knew how many thousands of doorsteps and briefcases .
tr	NN	The barber rapidly chewed his bottom lip .
tr	NN	Because ice cream makes everything better .
tr	NNS	The creatures I have brought back to life !
tr	NN	And a small theory was starting to warp it 's way around my tired mind .
tr	NNS	Romulus pulled a bundle of maple seeds out of his back pocket .
tr	NNS	Our armies were built up , our lands regularly patrolled .
tr	NNS	Barnabas howled , his gangly form bending double as he let go .
tr	NN	The pilot had already started towards the airport and they landed without any trouble but it could 've been disasters .
tr	NN	Her pen tapped against the clipboard .
tr	NN	The London stock market drops more than ten percent The German and French market sag by like amounts .
tr	NN	The clink of armor ahead caused them to reverse course .
tr	NNS	Words and numbers I don 't understand fill them .
tr	NNS	Images zoom through my mind in a hazy jumble as I approach the woods near our cave .
tr	NN	" That description obviously fit your old boss like a glove .
tr	NN	The extreme precaution was necessary .
tr	NNS	These creatures moved with proficiency and coordination , just as a human might .
tr	NN	The pit of my stomach twisted as heat flushed across my cheeks .
tr	NNS	Six generations and , maybe , she could see her eyes in his .
tr	NN	Rachel 's hot cocoa was some fairly neutered Swiss Miss from a packet in a vending machine , just as she had told him earlier .
tr	NN	A little too friendly , Love figured , and suspected when the puppies were born they 'd show more than a passing resemblance to the young Rottweiler .
tr	NN	The ale in Severance 's mug vanished relentlessly too .
tr	NNS	Wide pupils , unfocused gaze .
tr	NN	The thickness stretched her , filled her , and left nothing but mindless joy in its path .
tr	NN	A Fire Through The Night Sky " This is Private First Class Johnson .
tr	NNS	Through blurred vision the credits rolled .
tr	NNS	" Give her the plant , give her the plant , " were the faint murmurs he muttered in to his ear .
tr	NN	" Your career is over , Captain .
tr	NN	" Consider it done , " the secretary answered .
tr	NNS	Babysitting technicians was far from her favourite duty .
tr	NNS	Darren 's grandparents sat together , while his parents sat clutching each other 's hands .
tr	NN	Yes , there was the log to the left , often holding three or four frogs in a sunny streak of light .
tr	NN	The clown turned to Horace and said , " How 's your best-case scenario looking now , fella ? "
tr	NN	In the middle of the front page a photograph of a burnt out Longhouse with bodies strewn on the earth in front of it .
tr	NN	the commander said with confusion .
tr	NNS	His pupils dilated , devouring the color of his eyes .
tr	NNS	Things went along swell for quite a while .
tr	NN	" Hello , Chris here , " the Ambassador said , moderating his voice and pitching it slightly higher .
tr	NN	The young priest translated for the Captain of the Red .
tr	NNS	" An ' a fine pirate ye 'll be . "
tr	NN	" A legend , " Eliot corrected solemnly .
tr	NN	A cough jolted Carly into sudden awareness of her surroundings .
tr	NNS	The earthy scenes had her wide-eyed .
tr	NN	" Wait ... just a sec ... here it is : The chairs were not real wicker chairs even though they had that appearance .
tr	NN	Marius 's buggy on the road ahead turned into a dim silhouette in the moonlight .
tr	NN	The patrons had returned to their games of chance as if nothing out of the ordinary had happened .
tr	NNS	Bright , silver , vine like bars was the only separation between Eli and the beasts .
tr	NN	The outline of the Bosch hammer drill carton was clearly visible through the plastic .
tr	NN	The elder pushed another button and the screen became a blank wall again .
tr	NN	" Mr. Howard 's attorney is also aware that vampires , werewolves and shifters exist ? "
tr	NNS	The laces up the back did a marvelous job of acting as a corset .
tr	NN	' Which all indicates she was abducted and killed before her dance class , ' Love said .
tr	NNS	Reyes turned to Angelica .
tr	NN	That vista greets me when I stop just inside the doorway .
tr	NNS	Things with Griffin have been going extraordinarily well , but I think that 's in part because we 're here at the ranch .
tr	NN	I feel a lightening of spirit , a release caused by the sharing of burdens .
tr	NNS	' The processes are very , very , very ... difficult . '
tr	NNS	Once they got the ship up and running , leaving the power cells behind might help , but he doubted .
tr	NNS	Questions only spoiled things .
tr	NN	" My neighbor has even better ... ! "
tr	NNS	Chartres nuzzled her throat with the nose and horns of his mask until she threw back her head and laughed again , throaty and breathless .
tr	NN	The furry bastard is licking my face with his hot tongue before I 've even finished rubbing the sleep from my eye .
tr	NNS	The night was cold yet the inside of the club was hot and stuffy , the seats packed with men .
tr	NN	Before Sebastian uttered a word , the intruder struck him dead center of his forehead .
tr	NN	There 's a trick to it . "
tr	NN	A rare chuckle rose in his throat .
tr	NN	Then a leopard with a Collar , a smaller bear without one , and finally , Xavier .
tr	NN	" Your honor , Mr. Lasher needs to refer to the witness as detective .
tr	NNS	When we looked again , there were no figures in sight , and no dark swarms .
tr	NN	My only option was to grab the oars that were stored beneath the floorboards of the deck and begin rowing .
tr	NNS	Three figures descended the gangway , but it was the first who seized the McGill 's attention .
tr	NNS	Things I didn 't understand made me do things I regret .
tr	NN	The archangel Uriel describes many things about the end of days . "
tr	NN	Another shriek and the blue faded to black .
tr	NNS	Lots of solar-powered copters were in the air and I could see weapons suspended from their undercarriage .
tr	NNS	" So his minions are just as horrible as the great man himself !
tr	NN	No sense dwelling on what could never be .
tr	NN	" Your birthday is next month . "
tr	NN	The blazing inferno from earlier was gone , replaced by an equally fierce tenderness .
tr	NNS	Some of the vultures survive in captivity , but in the wild , they 're gone , another species lost due to careless human activity .
tr	NN	Riyad 's aura relented and Paris could suddenly breath again .
tr	NNS	Tim 's eyelids hung dreamily and he had a big smile .
tr	NN	And yet her regard was unmistakable ; she had been worried about me .
tr	NN	An eruption of divine knowledge blinded him to the desert hilltop leaving him staring dry eyed into timelessness of prophesies .
tr	NN	But what was a golem ?
tr	NNS	How 'd the burns disappear ? "
tr	NN	Even now , with all that was happening , that sentence meant so much .
tr	NN	There was a gap in Aria 's brain .
tr	NNS	To my knowledge , only greater immortals could do that .
tr	NN	" Sometimes creativity seems wasteful , illogical ... unless it 's done for a greater purpose .
tr	NN	But my Raphael , he had started hanging around with a crowd of boys who were a little older than him .
tr	NN	A single photograph adorned the desk , in a simple black frame .
tr	NN	The wet clothing left a puddle of water at the bottom of an already damp floor .
tr	NNS	The wolves would never leave of their own accord .
tr	NN	Eventually the dragon returned .
tr	NNS	Pate 's eyelids flickered , but he took the blood .
tr	NN	Terror and pain exploded in Autumn 's chest .
tr	NN	The sheriff wasn 't even forty , but he 'd done two tours in Iraq and wasn 't inexperienced .
tr	NN	While The Scholar was always meticulous when planning an attack , chaos reigns in war .
tr	NN	Her h * ps fit perfectly in his large hands .
tr	NN	The thin crimson trickle turned her stomach .
tr	NNS	The contents of my head swished and rolled sickeningly , like they 'd joined the rough water " How long has she been unconscious ? "
tr	NN	The whale swam amongst them all , chased by the white sails and bright pennants of a pursuing fleet .
tr	NNS	Gramps grins at me from across the table .
tr	NN	The roar of my blood pounding in my ears was deafening .
tr	NNS	" Maybe because those changes aren 't for the better . "
tr	NN	There was a mass of people .
tr	NN	There was a small triangle slice missing .
tr	NN	" A God Killer can kill an Olympian .
tr	NNS	Words like food , water , do not seem to register , although the sight of supper and tea does touch him .
tr	NN	" My partner and I have been waiting for nearly half-an-hour .
tr	NNS	Flowers of every size and color bloomed along each side , while butterflies and hummingbirds zoomed in and out of focus .
tr	NNS	Huntress flipped up an eye sensor she had on that helped her direct her arrows .
tr	NNS	The werewolves howl and lurch at the massed head of shadows , but it bats them aside with ease and rises above us again .
tr	NNS	The two biggest headaches in your poor uncle 's life . "
tr	NNS	Lights dotted on just about every other house in the neighborhood as the neighborhood slowly stirred to life .
tr	NNS	Those witnesses were nothing but circus clowns .
tr	NNS	" Things might get dangerous .
tr	NN	There 's a shelf built into one wall , stuffed with old rotting books that belong in the Little Rock used bookstore .
tr	NN	the older werewolf growled .
tr	NNS	Spanish moss hung from the branches , nearly touching the ground , obscuring his face .
tr	NNS	" Before the factions were introduced , and the serums with them , the experiments all used to be under near-constant assault from within .
tr	NNS	Birds and rabbits have been running from us all day .
tr	NNS	" One lands in South Africa and I believe there is one in China .
tr	NNS	The facts are , you hurt Penny , hurt Aden , and you 're a liability .
tr	NNS	Things flew overhead , spewing fire down upon the land .
tr	NN	Yes , there was only one rational explanation for his demeanor .
tr	NN	The gargoyle cleared his throat , scratching one horn as he glanced toward the deserted road .
tr	NNS	Reyes had even called the woman his .
tr	NNS	There were several murmurs of assent .
tr	NNS	The movies were my idea . "
tr	NNS	Bottles shook his head .
tr	NNS	His prayers , of course , had gone unanswered .
tr	NN	Probably in his mid-thirties , the junior was clearly planning to take over the reins of Hensley 's upon the senior 's retirement .
tr	NN	There is also a randomizer option .
tr	NNS	Waves of static overshadowed his distant , choppy voice until the message of " Lost Call " displayed on her own screen .
tr	NNS	In his stomach butterflies sprang to action as he yearned to take Christine 's hand from her lips and just hold it in his .
tr	NNS	" Maybe other mothers could go , but not me . "
tr	NN	At this point the fluid streams were stolid , still and lifeless .
tr	NNS	Others have it under observation from without .
tr	NNS	Others lit torches , brightening the mists .
tr	NN	This wrestling of the mind , and that is exactly what it is , can be exhausting .
tr	NN	The moment Samuel appeared from the shadows of the curtains , applause thundered through the ornate theater once more .
tr	NNS	Dusty wine racks lined the floor in even rows that extended to a low ceiling .
tr	NNS	Several governments , yours included , have decided it is time for them to go , and we have the commission .
tr	NN	The silver liquid burned as it went down Olivia 's throat .
tr	NNS	Mahogany display cases held dusty tomes , yellowed scrolls , and worn artifacts from every age of man .
tr	NNS	Plans , defences , attack and what their powers are come into my head .
tr	NN	Part of me wants to give up and just tell Ryland what I know .
tr	NNS	There are many possibilities , but before I can do anything , I need that piece of rotten wood destroyed . "
tr	NNS	But ... there were unexplained activities between him and our mother , extensive amounts of money he 'd given her .
tr	NN	By the time her first birthday rolled around , even the doctor had to admit she was not doing very well . "
tr	NN	The pilot began to fly back the way they had come when the heat started to disrupt the flow of the rotors .
tr	NNS	My inner hopes died .
tr	NNS	" Others came through .
tr	NNS	Those old insecurities kicked in with a vengeance .
tr	NNS	Her footsteps pounded up the stairs and faded .
tr	NNS	The invaders are going to realize what they face and either leave or get driven back .
tr	NN	Her orgasm pulsed around him , massaging him over the edge .
tr	NNS	Small pearls adorned the low cut circular neck , and continued down the back , serving as buttons .
tr	NN	Although the maid seemed to be trying to be friendly .
tr	NN	There is something fishy going on here .
tr	NNS	In the years to come , newly elected world leaders dispatched rescue ships , loaded with supplies , to come to their aid .
tr	NN	The dragon was going to attack .
tr	NNS	Things were looking better .
tr	NN	My jaw hits the floor and I am overcome with fear , paralysis consumes me .
tr	NN	Part of it was because he was always pushing , always trying to do more .
tr	NN	That conniving toady Warden still has my gold medallion . '
tr	NNS	Now our classmates help him but they don 't know much .
tr	NN	Another warrior rose up before him .
tr	NN	The main entry opened on a massive room .
tr	NNS	To cool the space in the summer , there were fans hanging down from the ceiling , so there was electricity .
tr	NN	His favorite trick was to catch Riverside Avenue at the aqueduct and turn the corner to McBride parkway .
tr	NN	His charm and heroics had made him a celebrity of sorts , a beacon of masculinity amidst proper , buttoned-up English gentlemen .
tr	NN	An owl hooted , and Rema jumped .
tr	NNS	Others are coming to train after us , so we don 't need to clean up . "
tr	NNS	The colors shone , burned through .
tr	NN	The real estate agent rang her doorbell right on time .
tr	NNS	Slave traders preferred young children for many reasons , they are easier to control , they eat less and they are easily indoctrinated into slavery .
tr	NNS	The fire truck sirens were at their maximum level , startling anyone in their path .
tr	NN	Love doesn 't give you a free pass to hurt your family .
tr	NN	A small icon ignited in the corner of the screen , indicating a downloaded file available for viewing .
tr	NNS	When I sat back up , two pairs of red bloodshot eyes stared at me through the window .
tr	NNS	Folks seemed to accept a black musician more readily than a black parishioner .
tr	NNS	The cushions felt like giant pillows of air as he looked through the dark windows and wondered at the changing landscape that flew by .
tr	NNS	The way Guardians come into existence is similar to yours .
tr	NN	The seduction routine had been her idea , but she thought he 'd run with it once she started .
tr	NN	There was no leader .
tr	NNS	His companions were up on their elbows , staring at him blankly .
tr	NN	From beneath the platform , the ship 's prow appeared .
tr	NNS	Cars continued to pass , but she barely registered them .
tr	NN	His partner came down the stairs , holding an oil lamp in his hands .
tr	NN	His armour suddenly felt three times as heavy and doubt like a stream of poison filled his veins and made him question himself .
tr	NN	His posture , while not really insolent , lacked the subservience expected for his position .
tr	NNS	Then the footsteps stopped .
tr	NN	The herald turned to face the room beyond .
tr	NNS	There is nothing petty about you , honey .
tr	NNS	The stakes were high and death common .
tr	NNS	Things went downhill from there .
tr	NNS	Families were marking out pitches for themselves with mattresses and picnic hampers .
tr	NNS	Apparently the efforts had been worth it , if they were going to be half my meal .
tr	NNS	The murders of those men , women and children had shaped all four men forever afterward .
tr	NNS	Things are bigger than you realize .
tr	NN	Maybe the afterlife would be better for her .
tr	NNS	In the dark , the paintings and tapestries on the walls look creepy .
tr	NN	The farther from the resort they traveled , the more pristine the beach , the whiter the sand and the farther they got from civilization .
tr	NN	Immediately , gunfire erupted as shots rang out .
tr	NNS	The fairies are already mutating , and we all know what happens when they do .
tr	NN	A glint of light caught Martin 's eye from within the open suitcase , and he reached in to discover the source of the reflection .
tr	NNS	The creatures slowed and churned again around the chasm as the strands let go .
tr	NNS	The teachers can 't look kindly on runaways . "
tr	NNS	" There are risks associated with exposing my inner workings , but they should be minimized if I am swiftly housed in my new casing . "
tr	NN	His T-shirt hung heavily past his belt and his waterlogged pant legs dragged on the ground .
tr	NN	The agony holding his body tight kills me .
tr	NN	Both Paige and I turned around and she frowned , looking beyond us both into an unseen horror .
tr	NNS	" Then a vampire 's vulnerable spots are the same as a human being 's , more or less .
tr	NN	A formerly red rug covers most of the stone floor , stained blue just like the walls and ceiling .
tr	NNS	Two more couples arrived .
tr	NN	The vista that stretched out before them took her breath away .
tr	NN	The red mountain offered little more .
tr	NNS	Her pupils dilated , darkening and changing color , extending outward until her entire eyeball was a solid deep red .
tr	NN	Captain Mallory 's flashlight was a powerful one , and it lit up large areas of the cavernous space .
tr	NN	A growl built in Duncan 's throat .
tr	NN	There was a click and the line was cut .
tr	NN	Her dark poet didn 't like questions .
tr	NNS	But her trials will begin soon ; strife is already working its way into people 's hearts .
tr	NNS	The twins are about ready to take a nap , so I 'll put them in the car now .
tr	NNS	Just like that , his pupils expanded , black consuming gold .
tr	NN	The spider crawled up Eddie 's body , and then right into his mouth , where it disappeared .
tr	NN	He came forward , stopping in the center of the room and taking the same position he normal y did during our training sessions .
tr	NN	Duct tape was no joke .
tr	NN	The clink of the tray against the table broke Miranda 's absorption in the television .
tr	NN	One thug pulled a girl out from the bush and put her in front of him , putting a machete close to her neck .
tr	NN	" My factor in Zurich - " " Do you think I 'm an idiot ?
tr	NNS	The cameras were ( hopefully ) all destroyed so they would be not be able to use any video evidence against us .
tr	NNS	The changes simply made the dress seem distinctive .
tr	NNS	The creatures had non-human qualities , but they also had human ones .
tr	NN	But your Mutt 's tough .
tr	NN	The elation reclaiming his expression spiked on a guffaw .
tr	NNS	Things were spiraling out of control .
tr	NN	Part of her felt relieved at the thought , but another part longed for him to be there .
tr	NNS	Girls were mean , and the boys ... well , the bad ones were atrocious and the good ones were somehow worse .
tr	NNS	The warriors would start almost at the nose and sweep the hands back , drawing horizontal lines across the face .
tr	NN	The reflection on the window showed a grim , frightened face .
tr	NN	" How 'd the tutoring session go ? "
tr	NNS	Travis 's nostrils flared .
tr	NN	" Like the tribe put me first ? "
tr	NNS	Odysseus accepted with a murmur of thanks .
tr	NN	The siren ringing at the end of the corridor was loud and uncomfortable .
tr	NNS	Our kisses were more passionate now , as our fingers and palms explored the other .
tr	NN	Gage The television flickers in the background of the family room as I lay on the couch waiting for Logan to show .
tr	NN	That spring , the hunter had attacked her next to the stream .
tr	NN	As the load increased , the valve could deflect it ... or expand to receive it .
tr	NN	" Why , the oracle opens the door wide between our world and that of the Spirit World .
tr	NNS	Giant sails blocked out most of the sky , although she could just see glimpses of pink from the setting sun in the gaps around the edges .
tr	NNS	" Or small minds never differ . "
tr	NN	The farther Link walked , the more questions he had .
tr	NN	The priest pounced like a starving animal , clear across the bar and onto Ralf with a ragged , gurgling roar .
tr	NN	My goal was going to be a Ferrari ... " He locked his hands together and slammed them into the car window .
tr	NNS	Others , I 'm convinced she didn 't . "
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , her fears were of an altogether different sort now .
tr	NNS	Myles stood with Ned in front of Allen Biddle 's house east of town .
tr	NN	The briefcase struck her head and the world fell dark .
tr	NNS	Her wrists were bleeding .
tr	NNS	There were so many zombies around it that the thing was rocking back and forth as if it might tip at any moment .
tr	NNS	Of course , worms only have a lifespan of a few weeks , but that was better than dying right there in my room .
tr	NNS	When he looked at her , a thousand butterflies took wing in the pit of her stomach .
tr	NNS	Hugh 's huge shaggy hounds helped , both by partially blocking my view and by brushing me with their muzzles , touching my bare feet and hands .
tr	NN	All the yelling seem to make the Scots more bloody thirsty , for their roaring grew louder and louder .
tr	NN	Only a miracle , would stop it from crashing like a meteorite into the barren landscape below .
tr	NNS	The hackles on the back of my neck rose , and I lay quietly in bed , dreading the sounds that would come next : footsteps .
tr	NNS	The more jumps we make , the more his movements lag , like he 's draining of energy , but won 't admit it .
tr	NN	A white scar tattooed the length of his throat .
tr	NNS	The frogs watched him carefully , hoping that it was mealtime .
tr	NN	But he didn , t hear their voices anymore .
tr	NN	But the damned comforter covered her from head to toe .
tr	NNS	The helmets had a futuristic look .
tr	NN	Where 's the pot ? "
tr	NN	The shining dew makes it seem like fairyland and there must be elves behind every tree .
tr	NNS	There were thousands of them , and they were moving very quickly .
tr	NN	But one bookcase held row upon row of identical tomes .
tr	NN	Death before anyone punches me there again , theirs or mine .
tr	NN	the aged healer said with a relieved sigh .
tr	NN	In any case , the attendance of Owen and his family at Alison 's funeral did nothing to breech the growing rift between brothers .
tr	NNS	Things that got thrown away .
tr	NNS	There were footsteps on the porch as Officer Burns ' partner joined him .
tr	NNS	Plus , my initial attempts at baking had failed due to the high altitude .
tr	NNS	There were a hundred other explanations of the facts .
tr	NN	The castle itself had two guard towers at its entrance , which was marked by a large wooden door in between them .
tr	NN	The West player jogged up to the ball and hammered it to Cory 's right .
tr	NN	The quick swish of her tush in her snug jeans drew his gaze like a train wreck .
tr	NN	Just because your minion took down the shield ?
tr	NNS	The contents spilled out with a clatter of glass .
tr	NN	That mountain range is actually just an illusion though .
tr	NNS	Nerves flutter in my stomach because I know he brought me here for a reason .
tr	NN	" Fine , " the leader growled .
tr	NNS	No worries , I 'm a night owl .
tr	NNS	The bulbs can go in pots .
tr	NN	The strong stench of death and decay was sickening .
tr	NNS	Yet as soon as he joined Nikki in bed , the discomfort dissolved and barriers dropped .
tr	NNS	Four quarters bought me two songs .
tr	NNS	The breeches were many inches too short , and the shirt was so tight across my shoulders that the seams ripped .
tr	NN	The medicine must be wearing off , because she winces when I move her .
tr	NNS	His thoughts were fractured , his actions instinctive .
tr	NN	Nothing garish , not like those bright parrot tulips you got the other day .
tr	NN	A loud boom seemed to emanate from everywhere , followed by muffled alarms .
tr	NN	Her range can 't be that far .
tr	NN	" What 's a Russian chic like you doing in a Viking place like this ? "
tr	NN	The repair bot felt the lifeless eyes stab right though him .
tr	NN	A growl rumbled in his chest , his eyes darkening with a ready heat .
tr	NNS	Cyrus ' personal effects were to be divided among Louisa and Frank .
tr	NNS	To his left in the corner of the balcony , a dinner table was set for two , both seats currently unoccupied .
tr	NN	There was no illusion deep enough to make us one of them .
tr	NNS	There were CCTV cameras on the apartment building , but they were all just for show .
tr	NNS	When William had passed away , his shares had gone to her .
tr	NN	Would the crucifix even work if -- God forbid -- he did actually come across a vampire ?
tr	NNS	Leander Jack 's classmates all laughed .
tr	NN	The medicine he 'd been given was still in effect , and he was wobbly and uncertain of his footing .
tr	NNS	Others called me a cold-blooded killer .
tr	NNS	A follow up search on Worthington , turned up more tid bits : arrests for burglary , assault , forgery , and misconduct with a weapon .
tr	NNS	Maris knew it , and accepted the pain .
tr	NNS	Who is to blame for their neglect , purchased by the powerful the ideas still remain hidden from the public . "
tr	NN	Now there is only the roar of the surf and the crackling of the fire .
tr	NNS	The nurses don 't check that strenuously .
tr	NNS	Things got serious fast , or at least I thought the relationship was serious . "
tr	NN	TEN The dawn was cold and grey .
tr	NNS	Maybe all the other cases were professional . "
tr	NN	That fervent look about you , as though I 'm going off the deep end to even suspect you of such a hideous deed .
tr	NN	Every inch of my skin is alive with the anticipation of where he might touch me next .
tr	NN	But one factor was prominent across the board : acquisition .
tr	NNS	" Does your Highness require the black dress for tomorrow ? "
tr	NNS	Things I didn 't want to think about because they were inconvenient to my end result .
tr	NNS	" First the roads start collapsing from the sinkholes , and now this ?
tr	NN	Water plant had several large storage tanks that towered five stories tall .
tr	NN	The windowsill looked a little singed , but there were no fires .
tr	NN	My bewilderment only seemed to provoke him more .
tr	NN	Or better yet , the dragon who slept coiled up in the attic .
tr	NN	This parlor was considerably smaller and less appointed than the one he shared with his wife , yet this residence was home to him .
tr	NNS	Flames were on the vamp 's clothes .
tr	NN	A little sunshine will make him disappear . "
tr	NN	A footman shut the door and the carriage rolled away .
tr	NNS	His footsteps crunched on the gravel and then faded as he walked off into the bushes .
tr	NNS	The crows hold him in their eyes .
tr	NNS	" The two white stakes stood vertically from the site marking the spots that Soldado had discovered in his wild dance .
tr	NNS	Words in books have a magical way of doing that . "
tr	NN	The turbulence tapered off and eventually fell to nothing as the atmosphere became thinner and thinner .
tr	NNS	Still not fully recovered from that highly charged , erotic dream , his defenses were at absolute zero .
tr	NNS	Cassius looked at me as if I should have already known the answer to my question .
tr	NNS	Some clients just wanted him to threaten a guy who was making noises like he might back out of a deal .
tr	NN	The coroner will want to know its all been done properly . "
tr	NN	Lust goaded by tenderness was a new sensation for him , one he savored slowly , as he would the first taste of a fine wine .
tr	NN	You have borne me a grand-daughter , " came the soft reasoning .
tr	NN	" My uncle and my father had different fathers .
tr	NNS	Mark grabbed his suit jacket from the bed , moved quickly downstairs .
tr	NN	The colonel had his own little army of freelancers drafted from the ranks of his former students .
tr	NN	Every addition to that body enables Him to do more .
tr	NNS	" The fellas are wondering what your plans are for the place . "
tr	NNS	Two blue pills tumbled from the vial into his rough palms and then shot into his dry mouth .
tr	NN	My best friend Sandy was going to stay behind in private school .
tr	NNS	The adversarial vibes between them snapped along the air .
tr	NN	The soil was rich with minerals and the cave would be a natural protection against enemies .
tr	NN	Suddenly , a scuffle broke out .
tr	NN	" Yeah , " the deputy nodded , " but he wasn 't on a cell phone ... probably a pay phone somewhere . "
tr	NN	His roar of pain echoed through the glade , sending animals fleeing in terror .
tr	NN	And the evil empire 's tyranny had cast a black taint on the world of the mystic .
tr	NNS	The temperatures fell , too .
tr	NNS	Tree frogs jumped out of her way .
tr	NN	The leader appeared to be slightly older than Tanya but they shared many of the same features .
tr	NN	A huge weeping willow framed the window .
tr	NN	That fellow ain 't your husband .
tr	NN	The FBI agent kept her eyes steady on his .
tr	NN	The intruder was a priest from the Camels of the Negev .
tr	NN	Despair had weakened him , but he would find the strength to make it back to Lubna .
tr	NN	My parasol 's acid worked on the mummy in Scotland , but I 've nowhere near enough for all these .
tr	NN	Lust could hit a woman like a runaway train .
tr	NN	the base commander eagerly asked .
tr	NN	" As long as nobody 's real y hurt . "
tr	NN	The general design of the poet is not only defensible , it is , I think , admirable .
tr	NN	The politician nodded to Tench as he looked around at prospective black voters .
tr	NNS	The true werewolves scorned such variance in form , and they didn 't think much of shifters in general .
tr	NN	Even his shopping trips to pick up touristy crap for his wife and kids back home . "
tr	NN	There was only the slightest hesitation .
tr	NNS	Their forearms bulged as they hauled the blocks out , one by one .
tr	NN	This simple exercise would have set him violently coughing and spluttering just a few days ago .
tr	NN	But not a brand-new garment .
tr	NNS	In fact , with only a few alterations , the same characters could have appeared throughout .
tr	NNS	Our wet tongues twine together , full of desire as they collide .
tr	NN	Hell 's molten stench surged up through the Earth 's upper crust , allowing demons and the Fallen to torment God 's soulful creatures .
tr	NN	I know some of our history too Chris , my grandmother is an oddity . "
tr	NN	Either option would be equally awful and could result in the two of us being locked up .
tr	NNS	Looks really good , " he amended as he began to flip through the pages .
tr	NN	My partner Jake ? "
tr	NN	The Boy -- his boy -- pleaded over and over .
tr	NNS	Of all the crazy things , aliens had to come knocking on my door .
tr	NNS	My cards were on the table .
tr	NNS	Wild berries were scarce and protein was in short supply .
tr	NNS	Animals , disemboweled , splayed on the cement , their blood ground into the pavement by a thousand tons of cars driving through it .
tr	NNS	Others staggered around as if in a daze .
tr	NN	A purple haze glowed on the horizon .
tr	NNS	His instincts told him something .
tr	NNS	When he spoke , his sentences always came out like a drunken football fan 's chant .
tr	NN	Another malfunction soon joined the party .
tr	NN	But that pit could become a prison .
tr	NNS	The programs she is made of , pass to the aerial dish and from there to space .
tr	NN	Her clothing was in decent condition and reasonably clean , but she had a look of neglect about her .
tr	NN	Where are my guardian ?
tr	NN	' Not yet , ' Love said as he jumped up from his chair and grabbed his jacket .
tr	NNS	Those creatures are difficult enough to kill as it is .
tr	NNS	Two overhead spotlights illuminated their feast ; the rest of the apartment was dark .
tr	NN	The first page of the book had in large print : GENE SEARCH PROJECT .
tr	NNS	Shocked murmurs greeted this announcement .
tr	NNS	The professors at Northwestern were wonderful and the classes were exciting .
tr	NN	Part of her was mad that he was still there talking to her father , because she 'd thought their session was confidential .
tr	NNS	Countless thousands died because of it .
tr	NN	A thunderous roar filled their ears , and Ruben wept .
tr	NN	Finally , Chance managed to ease back , just a few inches .
tr	NN	The concierge pointed to the door leading to the outside .
tr	NN	An enormous puff of dust erupted into the air , like the noxious breath of a belching giant .
tr	NNS	I pick my teeth with the bones of better evil than anything those gates guard .
tr	NNS	" Yeah ... " " School guidance counselor now , " Alex said .
tr	NNS	The only exits were downstairs in the kitchen and the front door .
tr	NNS	" You ladies got talent .
tr	NNS	Her aunts had told her Carpathians were powerful .
tr	NN	The remaining archer flashed him a look of abject horror and then scuttled back , over the roof top and out of sight .
tr	NNS	The twins rattled on about how they wanted her to fix their hair .
tr	NN	The intent was in his stare , in the way he lowered his head to mine and parted his lips .
tr	NNS	The fierceness in Robina 's voice registered with Graeme .
tr	NN	The garment bled grey , and the rope moved , wrapping like a snake around the branch .
tr	NNS	However , other movies in 3D seemed no better than their 2D equivalents .
tr	NNS	And in light of the fear that he 'd already been feeling , red flags had gone off immediately when those cars arrived .
tr	NN	" Miss Waterman , the sheriff had to leave .
tr	NN	Another charm is the lust charm , where the human will be consumed with his or her deepest lust .
tr	NN	The schedule for the rest of the week had me working the beer cart .
tr	NNS	The villagers would not assist in the feast as they might have done at any other where only two offspring were left with the obligation .
tr	NN	The beige van pulled ahead of the locomotive .
tr	NNS	Aurelius died , or we were led to believe that he did .
tr	NN	" Here we are , master dervish .
tr	NNS	Not even the roads themselves showed up on the motoring atlases .
tr	NNS	Alexis watched as Greg entered and sat down .
tr	NNS	The wipers were working overtime and I peered out into the watery gloom for the turning .
tr	NN	Haven 's notebook lay open in front of him to the page Carmine had shown him days before .
tr	NNS	Her vital signs displayed in the lower right-hand corner , the simulation mirroring her every move .
tr	NN	" Good , " the woman 's scowl deepened " I 'd have done far worst to him for such a colossal screw up .
tr	NNS	Waves broke hard against the shore as dawn slaughtered another night .
tr	NN	For a woman like Jade , a decent wrestler with a lot of experience , the mixed tag model was an insult .
tr	NN	That compartment was filling up rapidly today .
tr	NN	There was a slight curl at the ends , the locks winding around her knuckles .
tr	NNS	The iron gates opened wide .
tr	NN	That fat fuck from the airport . '
tr	NN	There was a moment 's hesitation , but that was all .
tr	NNS	Weary shoppers trudged along , lugging shopping bags , bumping into others , fighting with their children .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of my former team haunt me as we walk , and I cannot shake the feeling of guilt growing inside of me .
tr	NNS	Curious to see if anyone had missed me , I hit play .
tr	NN	Tension and magic rose and spiraled around the room , tangible enough to raise the hair on my arms and neck .
tr	NNS	Guardians or Horns , he couldn 't tell , but it didn 't matter .
tr	NN	The old van looked like it had been round the world and back .
tr	NN	This cable would form the backbone of her gate .
tr	NN	Tonight 's table chat , a nightly ritual , was going to be more like a whine session .
tr	NN	His bleary , overly moist , eyes struggled to focus as the chest started a slow undulating circular movement that got faster the longer he stared .
tr	NN	" Love thy neighbor as thy self " is an example of this world .
tr	NN	" Clearly , there 's a distinction in the mind of the tattoo artist between the light and dark faces .
tr	NN	But the most critical injury had been the lungs .
tr	NNS	There are no facts supporting that . "
tr	NN	" The race is on , Clay .
tr	NNS	Things he 'd failed to provide his kin or Helene .
tr	NN	A glint of silver flashed in front of my eyes as he quickly switched his hold on me .
tr	NNS	The cells in front of me were empty , and silence engulfed the room .
tr	NNS	" With the sun going down , the shots are getting difficult . "
tr	NN	I 'm not used to this sort of thing , y ' know , " he added , rather embarrassed .
tr	NN	Just a cache of new clients for me after it blows up . "
tr	NNS	But at the moment the hobbits noted little but the eyes .
tr	NN	Grady 's margin of victory was 35 and 32 points before the Bailey Woods game , and 27 and 22 to close out the championship .
tr	NN	The agony , the hell living inside him , was now inside me .
tr	NNS	Like a video being sped up , their movements appeared to wind up , until they were moving at normal speed again .
tr	NNS	Others piled on top of him .
tr	NNS	The werewolves began to stamp the earth again , though this time they weren 't silent .
tr	NNS	" Herding goats can 't be much different than herding reindeer , which is what his ancestors did . "
tr	NNS	Mind you , British soccer fans could use a bit of chastisement . "
tr	NN	His blurted announcement seemed to sweep away all his sister 's pent-up frustration .
tr	NNS	" Was what Rick said true ?
tr	NN	" In the medicine cabinet . "
tr	NN	Your editorial budget is fifteen million dollars .
tr	NNS	Gods , the ogres just keep coming .
tr	NNS	Green lasers danced on top of a rooftop .
tr	NN	Every mortal has a different one . "
tr	NN	And then , the wailing of his mother , once they were finally alone .
tr	NNS	The cobwebs slipped off ; the nausea filtered away .
tr	NN	Grief and regret rushed over her like an avalanche .
tr	NN	Sun streaming through the window flashed off the shrink-wrap and bounced around the room , time taking a snapshot .
tr	NN	" Well , Miss McKenzie , a legal secretary needs a little more than that . "
tr	NNS	" There aren 't any cookies left . "
tr	NN	Or was this artifact just a piece of lead that had been contaminated by the fragments when it was tossed into the pillowcase with them ?
tr	NNS	Things had been quiet for far too long for his taste .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of betrayal flooded my mind and wrenched my heart as I gave way to chasing her fading figure deeper into the darkness .
tr	NN	A slight spark leapt into it , and he handed it back to LK .
tr	NN	His endearment burned into me like a brand .
tr	NN	Hank , no longer in doubt as to the prowess of his amazing companion , recognized immediately exactly what he was about .
tr	NNS	The only pets he would possess .
tr	NN	His pulse is pretty high .
tr	NN	The official press release was that it was a murder investigation , daughter left unharmed , persons of interest being questioned .
tr	NN	A warrior usually breaks in his or her frequency over a period of weeks with serious training and care . "
tr	NNS	Things only come easy to people like you and Mr. Perfect .
tr	NN	The lightning flashed so rapidly that the inside of the residence resembled daytime .
tr	NN	A spark was in his eyes , but I couldn 't laugh .
tr	NN	Madison 's pulse kicked up a notch .
tr	NN	A brief spark of suspicion rose up inside him .
tr	NNS	Cassius gave a single nod .
tr	NNS	Suspicious understood , as did Torch .
tr	NNS	His spies were too good , and his mind was too quick .
tr	NN	After a thoughtful moment , the captain said , " What 's say you and me take a walk laddie .
tr	NN	The tether 's in place .
tr	NNS	" Tough tits , " shrugged Joshua .
tr	NN	The stylist stepped back to admire his handiwork .
tr	NN	The bastard laughed as if he hadn 't heard anything that funny in decades .
tr	NN	The pencil moves faster in my hand .
tr	NNS	The effects won 't last long , so you ' l need to move .
tr	NNS	Getting me protection items was evidence of that .
tr	NN	The tech handed sensors from the temporary shield to Alexis .
tr	NN	A cleaner came in weekly , but for the rest , he managed on his own .
tr	NNS	After she gone to live with Aunt Meg , visits to Mammy had been a bit of a nightmare .
tr	NNS	The mattress dipped when he joined her on the bed .
tr	NNS	" And don " t come back . "
tr	NNS	Maybe those slivers are its funnels , and the forces combine to create this general updraft phenomenon .
tr	NN	" I was just thinking she seemed familiar , " agreed the leader , before taking a step closer to Jane .
tr	NNS	The three colorful candidates sit inside three bright red chairs fifteen feet from the rich purple stage ... ( colors are required , ya 'll ) .
tr	NNS	Aunt Barb 's expressions went from curiosity to shock to horror throughout their conversation .
tr	NN	When Stuart and Love had discussed it on the way over , Love had said simply to go with the flow and see where it took them .
tr	NN	His amber gaze shifted to where Luke stood motionless with the Guards .
tr	NNS	The ghosts didn 't seem bad , and they seemed so scared when being pulled into the Spear .
tr	NNS	" Why did the first settlers come ? "
tr	NNS	The defenders had sworn to take their own lives rather than be captured .
tr	NN	The old colonel was right .
tr	NNS	" What are his chances ? "
tr	NNS	His voice booms across the house creating an unnatural echo .
tr	NNS	These aliens require organic food , oxygen and water just as we do .
tr	NN	Amira 's gown was bronze silk striped with gold , long hanging sleeves , and a colossal lace ruffle at her neck .
tr	NN	There was a sudden sweep of wind as Pan witnessed the man 's fist fly into view ... and his world was sucked into darkness .
tr	NNS	Those meetings always take at least three hours , and with Operation Reckoning it 's going to be a long one . "
tr	NNS	Strangers sometimes connect this way ; why not people who were close in life with a desire to maintain a loving bond ?
tr	NN	The valet paused at his task when he spotted Daniel .
tr	NNS	Principal Costas opened the door and greeted me with a huge smile .
tr	NN	" All this bastard has to do is demand a DNA test and he can prove he 's family .
tr	NNS	Lots of serfs here can 't seem to provide for their children .
tr	NNS	The departure boards were motionless .
tr	NN	A tiger cub has only a thirty percent chance .
tr	NNS	" Some spaghetti and cheese bread .
tr	NNS	" There are no reservations under your name . "
tr	NNS	The wood workings reminded him of an old antique piano he had once seen in a store .
tr	NN	The hatch slid back into place with a clang .
tr	NN	The Battle of Armageddon is the seventh Vial .
tr	NN	An archer has a little trouble shooting downhill at moving targets - at least I always did . "
tr	NNS	The dye and nails are more than enough . "
tr	NN	" Lucas , this coconut milk is really good , but we need fresh water .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids flutter as she tips her head up , the light reflecting in her glossy pupils .
tr	NN	The dozing night porter jumped at his arrival .
tr	NNS	The shouts of battle still coursed through the air toward them from the village .
tr	NNS	Being such a big retailer , deliveries sometimes took days or weeks longer to complete than the time indicated when the order was placed .
tr	NNS	After this , the sources focus upon his cruelty , extravagance , and sexual perversity , presenting him as an insane tyrant .
tr	NNS	Your unique abilities and viewpoints are more valuable to the title than slavish adoption of your brother 's sensibilities . "
tr	NNS	Parts of it were rough and chipping away , and all of it was ice cold .
tr	NNS	The fans were cheering so loud now that the referee had to blow harder on his whistle for the players to hear .
tr	NNS	The restaurants in the Wilds are mostly closed .
tr	NNS	Romulus ripped open the leftmost door to reveal a long descending staircase .
tr	NN	The lamb wore a blue bow around his neck and rested contentedly at the boy 's feet .
tr	NNS	There were protocols to courtship that he wasn 't sure about .
tr	NN	' Central command , listen up !
tr	NNS	Vikram 's grandparents had invested heavily in technology when they were young , idealistic and poor .
tr	NNS	Suddenly the three lizards whipped about , peering into the darkness , their bodies straining against or toward something invisible .
tr	NNS	All predictions said he 'd never play again , but he carried a racquet with him to half-court like he 'd always known he would return .
tr	NNS	The other four Kingdoms have more magic than they should .
tr	NNS	There are two name cards left at the now two empty seats .
tr	NN	A model sat on a stool with a robe draped around her ; shapely legs were crossed at the ankle .
tr	NNS	But the side effects probably vary with each individual , just as the talent does . "
tr	NN	The dulled outlines of the continents he knew so well stared back .
tr	NN	So , no offense taken .
tr	NN	The Ambassador gaped for a moment .
tr	NNS	When the long night hours began , the temperatures dropped gradually .
tr	NNS	And as things were going , his movements were already suspicious enough .
tr	NN	Besides , the payoff is usually great , as dolphins have always made for great friends , but are even better when conversation can be held .
tr	NN	Almost one quarter of the flowering flora and one sixth of the fauna are unique to that small island .
tr	NN	A video played on a very superior machine , each frame crisp and bright and sharp-edged , with no blurriness .
tr	NN	Love grunted and swerved to avoid a bicycle messenger .
tr	NNS	" Except the other six dimensions are very small , so we don 't notice them . "
tr	NNS	Both the bars and aerosol have magical properties to magnify a wizard 's spell . "
tr	NN	The sudden , overwhelming disgust I felt was doing wonders to distract me from the feel of my wrist chafing against my bonds .
tr	NNS	Some fans still blow , however .
tr	NN	The agent turned to Blake , who was regarding Lieutenant Brewer with a wary look .
tr	NNS	Some objects take more energy and power .
tr	NN	The third bike is missing .
tr	NNS	Muscles twitched , gave way .
tr	NN	Caroline 's announcement diverted them both .
tr	NNS	Today the servants ran around as fast as the townspeople .
tr	NN	The ritual had already started .
tr	NN	The jukebox flipped a record and began to play .
tr	NN	The Sphinx have given us a thousand of their best warriors and they requested to be directly under your command .
tr	NN	The priest smiled in approval .
tr	NN	The concierge looked sharply at him and handed over a key .
tr	NN	The maid closed the door gently behind her , bustling away down the stone corridor passing Lord Maximillian just returning from the stables .
tr	NN	Then slowly the torrent began to subside and she was able to concentrate upon the changes within her .
tr	NNS	Her fears had long since evaporated under his gentleness .
tr	NNS	Both punches landed , making it into another simultaneous exchange , and again , Lea ignored the pain .
tr	NN	" Don 't worry , " answered the captain .
tr	NNS	There were no guarantees in this world .
tr	NNS	The council members all turned to look at Hades , who remained stoic as ever in his throne .
tr	NN	Her left wing had a long rip that oozed blood .
tr	NNS	But many pirates , like James Silver , had grown jealous of Kidd 's success .
tr	NN	The night 's hunt was not yet over .
tr	NN	Now the hunger was ripping through her insides .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , the changes that transpired between birth and death are what ate away at him the most .
tr	NNS	She was in her forties , stout , wearing what Manfred characterized vaguely as an office pantsuit .
tr	NN	The archangel needed to be brought up to speed .
tr	NNS	Flames licked at him , devouring every good intention .
tr	NN	A guardian drove us out to the site , which was outside of the city proper .
tr	NNS	Sirens are going off inside my head and a hard pounding starts in my chest .
tr	NNS	Although he 'd spoken casually about his mom , there was a definite tightness in his tone .
tr	NNS	Images of crumbling towers and pillars of smoky ash were about all she could recall .
tr	NNS	Seeing the success of such an artistic endeavor taking root in the Stoops , many keen businessmen and lovers of theater invested in the neighborhood .
tr	NN	My girlfriend Tracey works at this pizza place in the Village , and she says they make the best Sicilian .
tr	NNS	Her girlfriends had been the first ones inside the store , and she 'd been touched by how sweet it was for them all to drop by .
tr	NN	By the time they reached their destination , dawn had dressed the farm in pinks and golds .
tr	NNS	Soldiers demanded he stop .
tr	NN	No new addition to these crowded shelves can add to what the Greeks devised themselves .
tr	NN	There 's a small pocket sewn into the lining of his cargo pants .
tr	NN	" There 's an underground automobile storage unit nearby .
tr	NNS	His instincts told him he was on their trail .
tr	NN	The small stroke on her tiny bud shocked her .
tr	NNS	Everyone 's jaws dropped as she went to leave the room .
tr	NN	The elderly attorney who drafted them seemed to find nothing unusual about their request .
tr	NNS	Amid the groans of protest from the crowd , the two axes fell silent .
tr	NNS	" My apologies , your highness .
tr	NNS	Of course , the physical differences were only part of the story .
tr	NNS	At least twenty members of the family currently live in Colson .
tr	NN	The full implication of her words struck Jamie in the gut .
tr	NN	What if the pilot wanted to kidnap her for ransom and headed off in the wrong direction ?
tr	NN	When she joined Jake in the kitchen the coffee pot was already brewing .
tr	NNS	Soldiers forced the Congressmen and top government officials to exit the trucks and form lines again .
tr	NN	" We want to make sure you keep them that way , " Jazz said .
tr	NNS	Others have crossed over from the Beyond , though never frequently , and as of late , traffic between our worlds has come to a standstill .
tr	NN	Your mother-in-law called a few minutes ago .
tr	NN	My poor Claudia was the same .
tr	NNS	And in choosing we condemn ourselves to blood and ruin , time and again as generations pass .
tr	NNS	Outside , visitors only see a normal , unobtrusive house . "
tr	NNS	Things hadn 't been easy .
tr	NNS	Our founding fathers had given us one of the greatest gifts one can bestow upon their children .
tr	NNS	Others are wise and logical .
tr	NN	His thrusts grew harder , and I bit my lip from crying out .
tr	NN	The hearing examiner found Hunter not guilty of negligence .
tr	NN	" Don 't worry , I 'll follow orders , " the corporal whimpered .
tr	NNS	Bad traits will breed true the same as good ones will , and stupidity seems to float to the surface a lot faster than courage or brilliance .
tr	NN	A haze seemed to cover his vision .
tr	NNS	The footsteps are getting closer .
tr	NNS	Huntress let Sunspot take over Jack and then walked off toward the other end of the street .
tr	NN	And that stab wound of yours , Alice .
tr	NNS	Paranoid and secretive , but then cats were odd creatures .
tr	NNS	There are millions who can provide me sustenance of the body , my Lizzy .
tr	NN	My subtlety had no effect .
tr	NN	How was your detention ? '
tr	NNS	Their figures were thicker and more robust than those of the Fae , as if they were born from Amazon warriors .
tr	NN	To his disappointment what he saw was a woman harden once again with increased impudence than before .
tr	NN	Snow hummed softly as it drifted through the air , a tranquil melody meant to lull and relax .
tr	NNS	My siblings and I all looked at each other .
tr	NNS	In some of the clear cases were artifacts .
tr	NN	" Dude , I 've already told you , " Chance responded , remaining amazingly calm .
tr	NN	An intrigued Vikram asked .
tr	NNS	Tiny figures moved across the sidewalks .
tr	NN	Her determination of what to say must have come to her because she proceeded to speak .
tr	NNS	" There are two more areas for the rest of the clan in the cliffs . "
tr	NN	The plantation was still small but prospering and Robert was extremely proud of the progress he had made .
tr	NN	There 's even a wax museum based on his exploits .
tr	NN	There was precedent for this .
tr	NN	The bodice was demure in one way , the fabric coming high enough , but with a deep V in the center .
tr	NN	The goblet fell to the earth , clinking against the stones and splashing water on the horse 's hooves .
tr	NNS	Music started from somewhere , wild and dark , drums pounding out a fast , frenzied rhythm .
tr	NNS	My supplies would last for a long time if I rationed every bite .
tr	NN	Terror kept him from feeling anything at all .
tr	NN	But the hatch remained closed .
tr	NNS	In spite of himself , bits of English slipped all at once from his lips .
tr	NN	As if magnetized , her h * ps rose to meet his .
tr	NN	But no intruder could be .
tr	NNS	Things hadn 't been easy in the family at the time .
tr	NN	U.S. unemployment stood at 14 percent .
tr	NN	If anything happened to the humans , the guilt would be his .
tr	NNS	" Things didn 't add up .
tr	NN	The Master opened the sack , and held it out to the apprentice .
tr	NNS	Parts of their brains didn 't function as well as we 'd hoped .
tr	NN	The tender drifted among the bullets and toward the homes .
tr	NN	I want Dallin , " a tiny redhead said , a quiver in her voice .
tr	NNS	" My own ancestors aren 't much better .
tr	NNS	Their efforts to elude the parasitic plague by traveling deep into the Montana wilderness had been in vain .
tr	NNS	Two white pills fell into my palm .
tr	NNS	All the fierceness , the determination were gone from her face and she began to cry , her face contorted , but no tears came forth .
tr	NN	The manual would say find shelter and seek assistance .
tr	NNS	More horns blared like trumpets as other cars also scarcely missed colliding with the Porsche .
tr	NN	The keyboard had barely fit .
tr	NNS	" How big could these tunnels be ?
tr	NN	Two weeks ago , when she 'd called him about the intruder outside her bedroom window , reconciliation had actually seemed possible .
tr	NNS	" Others offered themselves ? "
tr	NN	Each dragon different from the other , both wrapped around her forearms .
tr	NNS	My blades are out , but I find the corridor empty .
tr	NN	The cute brunette with the short , choppy haircut stood to the side out of his way .
tr	NNS	Several couples were already skating on the pond , and Katherine didn 't want to wait to join in the fun .
tr	NNS	There weren 't many streetlights .
tr	NN	In contrast , because of the way our minds work , a graphic presentation may enable the exposition of the connections , associations and patterns .
tr	NN	The leader soon made it over the summit of my shoe laces and then over my other foot .
tr	NN	The museum is new , only built about two years ago . "
tr	NN	Frankly , his sanity was starting to depend on it .
tr	NNS	Now , the wood floors had deep scars that several coats of polish couldn 't disguise .
tr	NN	The ancient Carpathian language she 'd learned as a child came easily .
tr	NN	A craggy boulder jutting up in the middle of the water .
tr	NNS	" There are virtually zero health risks !
tr	NN	Part of the movie 's allure at the time was the belief that it was based on true story .
tr	NN	His release came hard upon the heels of her own .
tr	NN	Her bra was wicked black and red lace with a sweet white bow in the middle .
tr	NN	First , double jeopardy does not apply to the punishment phase of a court action .
tr	NNS	About forty-seven bazillion hits came up , many with photos of him looking hot in a tux at high-profile events and charity auctions .
tr	NN	The sunshine hurt my eyes .
tr	NNS	The hobbits bowed low .
tr	NN	Part of her wanted to lock herself in the bathroom and hide .
tr	NNS	The dry cleaners called .
tr	NN	The museum was on the same side of Main as the candy shop , a couple of blocks down .
tr	NNS	The satellite images that Derek and Mick were studying showed the typical storm spirals of clouds spinning outwards in an anticlockwise direction .
tr	NN	The average dwarf might never see one in his whole life .
tr	NNS	Lots of critics expressed their disapproval and confusion , etc. .
tr	NNS	He used his foot to discreetly move a pair of dirty jeans , boxers still tucked inside them , out of Blue 's direct line of sight .
tr	NNS	Their motives were simple : they wouldn 't rest until they got to him .
tr	NNS	His motives to scare us from rising against him , but we will not bend or concede to a man who will kill so easily .
tr	NNS	" There are wolves and plagues and she 's talking about soup !
tr	NNS	His cheekbones looked sharp , the shadows under them harsh and indented .
tr	NN	By 2100 , The GMO takeover was complete and the world 's population could no longer choose what they eat or grow .
tr	NNS	There were blood spots on the tiles .
tr	NNS	Living for a millennium hasn 't made me unusually intelligent , because I realize now my actions probably pushed her away .
tr	NNS	The chill December winds caused Margaret to shiver and draw her shawl tighter around her .
tr	NNS	Reyes cupped her cheeks .
tr	NNS	" What are the chances of that happening ? "
tr	NNS	Thoughts of the potentially booby trapped radio exited his consciousness .
tr	NNS	" Gregor , the currents come and go .
tr	NN	Any warrior who wished to put himself forward for this squad would need to compete for it and they had to arrive by a certain date .
tr	NNS	Thoughts raced through Marie 's little brain , never to gain expression .
tr	NN	The sympathy was unexpected , but for the first time , she felt as if she might really be able to be a part of these people .
tr	NN	The black halo around my son was so dense .
tr	NNS	A few drops spattered into Haworth .
tr	NN	The weave created three burning rings of fire in the air which glowed with unusual light , but what was the point of that ?
tr	NN	' And spoil over a thousand years of bickering ?
tr	NNS	The hobbits were silent for some time .
tr	NN	" And where 's your deputy ? "
tr	NN	Derek 's voice whispering , Sheree , my love , only say the word and hundreds of years can be yours , too .
tr	NN	An escort from the City Watch brought me home every night to the tiny apartment they 'd made up for me .
tr	NNS	She was freaking out , thinking something awful had happened to me . '
tr	NN	Then his ugly face contorted in thought .
tr	NNS	That movies are fun .
tr	NNS	By the time the lunch bell rang , the dynamics at Westfield had changed .
tr	NN	The first thing Gatsby noticed as he entered Glen 's house was the smell .
tr	NNS	Doors marked both walls , but there was no sign of our sorcerer or a gym .
tr	NNS	The servants playing tricks , she had thought , but tonight what was left of her soul knew better .
tr	NN	The buoyant vine wouldn 't let her break free of the current , so she untied it .
tr	NNS	The twins crossed their arms over their bare chests .
tr	NNS	The legends of ghosts in the Lincoln Bedroom were as old as the White House itself .
tr	NN	How many times has the idiot heroine in a horror movie tried to catch a glimpse of what 's chasing her ?
tr	NNS	The four Girls in Blue plugged a device into a terminal and sat at consoles .
tr	NN	But the compulsion was so strong .
tr	NNS	More digital images flowed .
tr	NN	" There was a comedy DVD my first foster family owned .
tr	NNS	Things happened around him .
tr	NNS	Words and meaning Riley could understand , but not speak herself .
tr	NNS	Things became blurry quite fast .
tr	NN	The woman Mira kneels on the great central divan and loosens her silk robe from her shoulders .
tr	NNS	Adonis should 've had what I didn 't - freedom .
tr	NNS	The newspapers mentioned that your parents had received hate mail , but no one could track it down . "
tr	NNS	Since I 'm helping man the sails , nothing but water for me . "
tr	NN	In those cases , the teacher will suggest the student repeat a certain grade , usually the first one , so they can catch up .
tr	NN	The last sector was the all-in-one sector .
tr	NN	The hollow thud reverberated under their feet .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids are droopy again , and she looks at us through half open eyes .
tr	NNS	Dragons don 't assume that a girl and a boy are dating , but humans do .
tr	NN	A pitiful sob bubbled up and escaped .
tr	NN	A fluorescent camping lantern threw rainbows at Janie 's eyes .
tr	NN	The foes unhurt doubled their speed , fearing the Leopard 's wrath .
tr	NNS	Words that summed up a woman like Rose could never be .
tr	NNS	Consumed by a sudden sadness , her spines retracted , and she slid easily to the floor .
tr	NN	A blue icon flashed , indicating an incoming call .
tr	NN	His sharp inhale told her she 'd hit a nerve .
tr	NNS	" What normal couples have to deal with that ? "
tr	NNS	Still , when Cristina turned to look at him , her hopes were already rising in the new shine in her eyes .
tr	NN	The murderer killed her , and then wrote the letter , copying her penmanship as well as possible . "
tr	NN	But the dizziness washed away his will and his eyes closed against the pain .
tr	NN	A 60 " plasma TV adorned the wall straight ahead seemingly incongruous with the residence .
tr	NNS	Painful jolts shot the length of her arm .
tr	NN	A dorsal fin rose out of the water , but it was like nothing I had seen before .
tr	NNS	" Things began to change .
tr	NN	But her divorce , and coming home so that she and her daughter would be closer to family , meant she 'd had to make some sacrifices .
tr	NN	The photograph was of her face .
tr	NNS	But the human leaders believe just as strongly that we 're the cause . "
tr	NN	Only adrenaline and fear kept her from throwing up .
tr	NNS	Others sought escape , only to meet the weapons of their mates .
tr	NN	Thinking of it made her whole body shiver with anticipation .
tr	NNS	These creatures cling to the shadows and run from any who would face them fairly . '
tr	NNS	The other swarms were continuing in their zigzag course , but this one stayed where it was .
tr	NN	The hesitation of what he wants doesn 't leave , but it doesn 't dominate me any longer .
tr	NNS	More blades drove toward Susan , but she ducked to one side , one hand ripping open the door to one of the washing machines .
tr	NNS	The chances of you getting totally destroyed are about one in a hundred . "
tr	NNS	" Old business statements from Baldwin 's and ... a letter or actually a diary of sorts .
tr	NNS	" No openings in the foreseeable future but I really only called to remove my name from the queue .
tr	NNS	The truth was , her accusations were correct .
tr	NN	A haze wrapped around the writhing figure , and when it dispersed , Colonel Flood was curled up in place of the wolf .
tr	NNS	Things weren 't good .
tr	NN	At once , the ramp divided into sections that slid against each other , to form steps .
tr	NN	" The condom broke . "
tr	NNS	Tris sticks the needle into her arm and presses the plunger .
tr	NNS	His footsteps echoed on the oak floorboards silencing suddenly as he stepped on to a large , pale yellow linen rug .
tr	NN	All the sherry had made him thirsty .
tr	NNS	Your dinners are fun , but you also go out sometimes after work .
tr	NNS	Their clenched jaws hissed .
tr	NN	His chef straightened to full height .
tr	NN	Beneath us , the castle looked quiet and spooky .
tr	NNS	His heavy eyelids closed and he was out like a light .
tr	NNS	The modest breakers seldom rose above eighteen inches as they curled against the shore .
tr	NNS	The whispers increased as Andrea approached , the sounds more rapid .
tr	NN	A long , white scar follows the spiral .
tr	NN	The other option was to go through the door by himself and rally the patrols of imperial guards on his way to the throne room .
tr	NNS	With the horizon flipped , more colors burst in the sky .
tr	NN	the inspector asked in amazement .
tr	NN	Today my habit would cost me .
tr	NNS	The technicians got the computers to work together at least , but little else .
tr	NN	Historical fiction is really an oxymoron -- a form of " non-fiction fiction . "
tr	NNS	The damn chains would expose him if he kept it up .
tr	NN	Inside the little crib there was indeed another doll , only its head visible above tiny coverlets .
tr	NN	Terror that had survived for ages now ... and would continue to haunt them evermore .
tr	NN	So the dragon could just get that bloody look off his face .
tr	NNS	And there are some standard-issue purification drops somewhere on this damned loop . "
tr	NNS	There were murmurs around the table .
tr	NNS	At one point in time , entire galaxies bowed before her , worshiping her as a true god .
tr	NN	Your government is so good at them .
tr	NNS	There are even more contentious situations , like taking children from paedophiles before they can hurt the child .
tr	NNS	A few more hits and the hole was big enough .
tr	NNS	Neon fireworks burst in jerky patterns beside the flashy sign .
tr	NNS	The servants groaned and booed .
tr	NN	Why did suffering exist ?
tr	NNS	Huntress moved around with supreme agility and stayed one step ahead of the attackers , picking them off one at a time with exploding arrows .
tr	NN	The soldier leapt forward , the tip of his blade aimed for Erik 's heart .
tr	NNS	He grabbed Alicia and forced her stand behind him , the white grains searing the rotted bits of the Geek as they hit his remains .
tr	NNS	" Or idiots like these are going to have them burned on the cross . "
tr	NN	My weekly schedule was pretty good .
tr	NNS	All the fluids trying to escape her throat then plummeted instead like a stone into her gut .
tr	NNS	Sadness radiated from her .
tr	NNS	Noise blasts through the car at a horrendous volume , but what 's worse is the song that 's playing .
tr	NN	" Every inch of wall space in this entire house has fresh paint . "
tr	NNS	Already critical areas in society were receiving new machines to replace those burnt out by the EMP .
tr	NN	And the explorers had returned to their old ways and habits the closer they came to their journey 's end .
tr	NN	And the blue dragon smiled .
tr	NN	" Our captain has it right , Merry .
tr	NN	Lust pumped through her , a dark and wild desire that seemed to claw through her body .
tr	NNS	The smugness was completely gone , replaced with childlike fascination .
tr	NN	My scowl lasts all of two more seconds before a grin wins out .
tr	NN	The cannon 's highly polished brass shone like gold in the bright sunshine .
tr	NNS	Those lands had been his for years .
tr	NN	Then the paralysis broke and she gave a little shriek of fear and leapt away .
tr	NN	The grumbling from his stomach reminded Pierce that it was close to lunchtime .
tr	NN	" Of course , " the Ambassador agreed , reaching into his briefcase .
tr	NNS	At the time , millions were immigrating into this country .
tr	NNS	Thoughts come , but they don 't follow one another .
tr	NNS	Silver strands of light also stretched out into the air across the cavern .
tr	NNS	Further attempts utilizing different methods to commit suicide were just as fruitless .
tr	NN	" The famous birthday present .
tr	NN	The vortex sucked us in like a vacuum an instant before the beast took a swipe at me with its horrendous claws , howling its outrage .
tr	NNS	Your manic symptoms became very pronounced a few weeks after you started taking antidepressants .
tr	NN	Dorian 's defense had gotten much better since these duel training sessions had started .
tr	NN	The blue tinge faded from Julian 's face .
tr	NN	A mass of timber , canvas , and rope filled his view , further displaying the prosperity of the city .
tr	NNS	The emptiness of the house made it seem much larger and almost watchful .
tr	NN	My pulse sped in response to his stress , but I answered carefully .
tr	NN	The organization was getting ready to open a central crisis unit .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids fluttered open , but there was no sight .
tr	NNS	Police , ambulances , concerned parents , the whole nine yards .
tr	NN	Every penny I had was invested in the store or I would 've immediately offered to help .
tr	NN	The slave eyed him , then looked away , shaking his head .
tr	NNS	The ripples of ultimate consequences rapidly surged through Tom 's mind .
tr	NN	Our bacon was sure in the fire when you came to our aid from under that sagebrush .
tr	NN	There was a creak from upstairs .
tr	NNS	The door slams shut behind me .
tr	NN	Because the fact was , the senator had valid points .
tr	NNS	Sixty seven degrees two minutes north , three degrees twenty two minutes west , at a declension of zero point one two five degrees . "
tr	NN	Reality always triumphed over dreams .
tr	NNS	Cain 's dimensions had multiple portal points allowing them to enter the human world easily .
tr	NNS	Alexis leaned against the wall and smiled .
tr	NNS	But in the flickering light from their torches the stone creatures appeared threatening , their eyes too bulging , their fangs too prominent .
tr	NNS	The jewels could be anywhere .
tr	NNS	And now these damn technicians would never get back to him .
tr	NNS	" The werewolves , " Wallace said , " are probably heading back to their home cities as we speak .
tr	NNS	The research facilities have claimed to have found a cure for the disease .
tr	NNS	All those bites need to be reopened and cleaned out .
tr	NNS	Anyway , on the other hand , continental philosophers think in terms of historical development and the big picture .
tr	NNS	" The negative vibes are going to be cleared out of this room in just a few seconds . "
tr	NN	A chuckle escaped him .
tr	NN	The only difficulty lay in finding the poison that would imitate an allergic reaction to redfish .
tr	NN	There seemed only one option .
tr	NN	As the boy is sent into the air from the blast , Link decides to intervene .
tr	NN	Nausea burned in the back of her throat .
tr	NN	The carpet kept her cover , and soon she was departing the landing and making her way down the stairs .
tr	NN	This tirade suited me well ; let each man follow his own way , it mattered not .
tr	NN	The fan he used to drown out the sounds of his neighbors and traffic was off too .
tr	NNS	Immediately the directions to Addie 's house appeared , a red line showing the way .
tr	NNS	His kisses went lower and lower , each one a promise of what he would do to me with his mouth .
tr	NNS	The leaders up the front started to storm the building , and like sheep , everyone followed , sweeping Annie along with them .
tr	NNS	Her fingernails dug into his shoulders , and he rolled his hips against her while devouring her mouth .
tr	NNS	The emails seem to come from the same person but from a different email address every time .
tr	NNS	Questions flooded her mind .
tr	NN	" Of course , " the teacher says to my handler .
tr	NNS	The other couples cleared the floor , watching them , clapping to the beat .
tr	NN	The witness will refrain from sarcasm and simply answer the questions . "
tr	NNS	Several cocktail napkins and wrenching sobs later , what they said finally penetrated .
tr	NNS	When his emissary had been cut down and laid out on the ground , the warriors circled about the body and stared in silence .
tr	NNS	Today seraph blades , or angel blades , are the fundamental weapon in Shadowhunter combat .
tr	NNS	Hands Ray a piece of paper , who in turn hands it to Cal .
tr	NN	Sweat and filth plastered his uniform to his body , his heart hammering in his ears .
tr	NNS	Her jaws clamped on the back of his neck .
tr	NNS	My clients are always very impressed . "
tr	NNS	Soldiers were running as usual .
tr	NNS	There were more prayers , and the minister 's well-constructed homily that was so touching even Fiji grew more solemn .
tr	NN	His only option is to demonstrate that you participated in a murder of your own accord , outside of a conspiracy . "
tr	NNS	The warriors looked dejected and hopeless before the fate that had been delivered upon them .
tr	NNS	The city gates were open and King Ignis led the army through the western gate .
tr	NNS	As they raced down the hill from the plateau , the figures of two dozen Danes coalesced out of the murk .
tr	NN	With almost no effort , the werewolf reached back , grabbed Ellie , and threw her to the ground .
tr	NN	Every nerve in her body screamed out against opening it , but she fought through the intense panic and turned the knob .
tr	NNS	" Why are my priorities wrong ?
tr	NNS	The cushions were very comfortable ; she settled back with the others around her .
tr	NN	" Where is the captain ? "
tr	NNS	Six jury members , three on each side of the podium , sat five feet off the ground , high enough to look down at most anyone .
tr	NN	But the shielding continued to make the view hazy and fogged .
tr	NN	That info is trying to look me up right now .
tr	NNS	Immediately , the big man 's hackles rose .
tr	NNS	Any visitors are liable to come from the river .
tr	NN	" I 'll go with you for backup , " Link said , pulling himself up from the floor of the study .
tr	NN	" Ok , Ms. Collins , I 'll see you then . "
tr	NNS	Others ... have not .
tr	NNS	The fireworks should be great tonight , too , seeing there 's no clouds . "
tr	NN	The meaty mercenary was still there , leaning against the wall , picking his fingernails with a knife .
tr	NNS	My boobs just might come out and say hello tonight .
tr	NN	o -- o -- o Mercy was quietly restless during the next couple of weeks , as is often the case after a disciplinary meeting .
tr	NNS	Something wicked gleamed in his eyes .
tr	NNS	After Tiger left , the twins cornered Sly in the locker room and warned him to keep his mouth shut .
tr	NNS	The fabrics , walls , roof , food , everything was pristine .
tr	NNS	His own efforts had failed to deliver this bit of information or gossip whatever it might have been .
tr	NNS	On the big screen television the actors were speaking , lips moving , but Silken was hearing not a word .
tr	NNS	When her husband she 'd loved more than life had died , all hopes of being a mother had died with him .
tr	NN	The ghoul roars and bats at the beam of blackness but keeps moving back .
tr	NN	There was no accommodation of a response from Renton , who experienced simultaneous but almost incompatible emotions .
tr	NN	The pilot eased up next to it .
tr	NNS	Things are not always as they appear . "
tr	NNS	Romulus shot him a dark look .
tr	NN	The chaplain rolled his shoulders back .
tr	NNS	And the seats were empty .
tr	NN	If you ask me , her reference to God was less dogmatic than your tirade . "
tr	NNS	" Your buddies aren 't going to miss anything . "
tr	NNS	Eventually , several rows of seating away from the stage , Bugs regained some of his composure .
tr	NNS	My windshield wipers squeak against the glass as the rain lets up into a drizzle .
tr	NNS	His thumbs separated her and plundered her sensitive clit , making her body quake .
tr	NN	The harried corporate executive fumed .
tr	NN	The government had purchased billions of dollars ' worth of ammunition in an unprecedented sweep .
tr	NN	But a cowboy filled with quiet confidence would be stoic about such things .
tr	NNS	His checks kept coming but I had given up sending him reports and even stopped putting data into his internal reporting system .
tr	NNS	" These electrical ripples produce a seizure .
tr	NN	The ambassador paused again , then reverted to his emotionless expression and monotone voice .
tr	NNS	Two red spots highlighted the man 's cheeks .
tr	NN	The Jedi Masters surrounding him extinguished their lightsabers and joined Obi-Wan in congratulating Anakin .
tr	NNS	His paws were gigantic , his tail long , his eyes in his broad face light blue .
tr	NN	My circumstance isn 't special , but she was all I had as far as support .
tr	NN	The canine prostrated himself , his brown eyes shining brightly in the moonlight .
tr	NNS	" What about Cronin 's actions in the Wilson will case ?
tr	NNS	Flames devoured the once breath-taking flowering trees , hungrily engulfing the delicate petals , leaving no evidence of their beauty behind .
tr	NNS	" Animals have no rights to the land .
tr	NN	There was a new government , elected by the people .
tr	NN	There was something squishy on the pads , slimy .
tr	NN	Every football fan knew Franco Harris .
tr	NN	Thank goodness for real women with maturity , Love thought to himself as his mind wandered to Sophie .
tr	NNS	The blades he 'd stashed under his shirt sleeves slid into his palms .
tr	NNS	Chapter Fifteen After breakfast , my hopes dashed .
tr	NNS	Alexis touched his cheek .
tr	NN	Warm liquid sprayed me across the face .
tr	NN	His lack of denial sent a chill up my spine .
tr	NNS	The wipers scraped on the windshield , underscoring his muted frustration .
tr	NN	The raspy , wheezing sounds coming from him made Karen 's heart drop .
tr	NNS	Though she hadn 't thought that they would sleep , and knew that she would not , soft snores filled the room .
tr	NN	The coast was clear , so I darted across the grass and over to the mansion , plastering myself against the side of the building .
tr	NNS	Things that could crash into our lives , trying to force us apart .
tr	NN	" The goddess gifts to me the power so I stand in this place , in this hour .
tr	NNS	Their shouts were drawing attention to them from the other people on the beach .
tr	NNS	Then there are the nymph twins .
tr	NNS	Any ideas why ? "
tr	NN	His body language said he was out for a casual amble in a pleasant neighborhood but his dark eyes snapped with anger and menace .
tr	NN	JJ and I are going out to eat after school .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of abandonment rushed in ; emptiness suddenly flooded her mind .
tr	NNS	Daily necessities such as shaving utensils were still at hand and he put them to good use .
tr	NNS	The creatures outside snarled , scattering .
tr	NN	The callous bastard didn 't seem to even care he 'd just had almost a million people killed .
tr	NN	The canine accepted her touch , but stared up at her with caution .
tr	NN	Her facial tissue of crystal forms three perfect square figures on the right side of her face .
tr	NNS	Beside those two items was a watch .
tr	NNS	Myles had even placed a call to the NYPD and learned that Weaver had lived in New York and was suspected of racketeering .
tr	NNS	Others who should rightly fear .
tr	NN	The stag looked around and every animal in the crowd was now looking at the floor , even the weeping rabbits .
tr	NN	The missing panel of pine lay on the floor .
tr	NN	His ad in the Yellow Pages boasts of thirty years ' experience in all criminal courts .
tr	NNS	Others with long sharp teeth and fierce black eyes join her shadowy counterpart .
tr	NN	Their intent was to leave no trace that you ever set foot on Burma soil .
tr	NNS	All our factories shut down ! "
tr	NNS	Two members of the crew were pulling up the plastic sheeting , exclaiming about the stench of trapped water , even as they mopped up the stage .
tr	NN	His bulging , probing eyes were overflowing with distrust , like he believed she and Foley were keeping something from him .
tr	NNS	Things did not work so .
tr	NN	The hatred that poured from Sebastian poisoned the air .
tr	NNS	Their visitors turned out to be their guides .
tr	NNS	The media around us , be it radio or altered history books , exists to mislead us for the purpose and gain of those in control .
tr	NN	There was a chuckle from the clerk .
tr	NNS	My eyelids were heavy and drooping , until a man knocked on the window .
tr	NN	The crash was enough to distract Martinez .
tr	NN	" Morning Julia . "
tr	NNS	Mona 's dolphins had been .
tr	NNS	Although the approaching Soviets were supposedly their allies against the Germans , rumours were already rife that they would kill anyone they came across .
tr	NNS	As we began to realise she was serious our jaws became unhinged !
tr	NN	Besides , my kite is superior . "
tr	NN	The receptionist wore a wide , frightened expression .
tr	NNS	All the above colors are available in camouflage as well as special order colors .
tr	NN	" The arrival of the human boy ... this friend of hers ... changes everything and we know it . "
tr	NNS	The dark tattoo designs slid up and down his neck and chest .
tr	NNS	A few ducks noticed them and began to waddle over the grass in the hope that they might have brought some bread with them .
tr	NNS	" My clients are waiting .
tr	NNS	The French pirates lounged by the door , and Sebastian felt a twinge of satisfaction .
tr	NNS	The helpers and their trackers had taken up the chase again .
tr	NN	The Death of Rats squeaked at length .
tr	NN	The lab break-in worried her more than she 'd admitted to Gage .
tr	NNS	And there were the letters .
tr	NN	" How reliable is your asset ? "
tr	NNS	Nowhere near as many produce stalls , which was hardly surprising , still plenty of people though , braving the cold and manning stalls of all types .
tr	NN	His asset had always been his brains and not his brawn .
tr	NNS	The markings on the crafts have begun to glow in strange and attractive colors after hours of waiting for something to happen .
tr	NNS	The skin variations referred to as ' stripes ' seemed to glow for a moment in the eyes of the doctor and he grew apprehensive .
tr	NNS	Black bursts darkened my vision as I lay there stunned .
tr	NN	Stomach growling , tears tickling the corners of my eyes , I walk on .
tr	NN	And this deed was unlawful , whether in Aman or not in Aman .
tr	NNS	Doors opened and closed , and they were in the analytical wing .
tr	NN	And yet , as his touch continued to drive me wild , some old , frightened instinct held me back .
tr	NNS	The two passengers shrieked and jumped back in horror .
tr	NN	When I awoke next morning there was only one agenda that demanded my attention ; training with Benny and Brent .
tr	NN	There was the mutter of a voice .
tr	NN	The healer examined him thoroughly .
tr	NN	" Down the mountain will not take long , but when we reach the Valley you can find a stick to use as a staff .
tr	NNS	Inside , two gray-haired ladies stood side by side peering over a window display of lavender chintz tea pots and rose-colored quilts .
tr	NN	Thinking of the sea reminded him of his journey to Normandy not long ago .
tr	NNS	" There are thousands of people wandering back and forth across Poland .
tr	NNS	Both figures were black as coal .
tr	NNS	Rick 's squad leaders returned to their groups and dispensed orders .
tr	NN	Hardly a kind sentiment for a man she 'd known all her life , but there it was .
tr	NN	For a second Allyson thinks this is some sort of duel , to win against the red-haired woman from last night .
tr	NNS	Lights were strung across the street from one house to another .
tr	NN	The white stag is a thing to be hunted and to lead the hero to his destiny .
tr	NNS	The twins were still washing dishes and arguing about some video game .
tr	NNS	The IP addresses were consistent .
tr	NN	" Your bra and underpants will cover up the interesting bits . "
tr	NN	The stench in the garage was enough to convince her of that .
tr	NN	The six-month anniversary of Don 's death had come and gone ; we were into August already .
tr	NN	" I 'll wait outside , " the matron said , and withdrew .
tr	NNS	There are millions of them . "
tr	NN	But there is also the compulsion to solve a puzzle which nobody else can .
tr	NN	The pit of my stomach fell deeper .
tr	NN	" You 've got a beautiful girlfriend , man , " the singer said in a broken Spanish accent between verses .
tr	NNS	" The courts don 't take kindly to these types of threats . "
tr	NN	The radiation emanating from the lamp was brighter , more intense now .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared like a thoroughbred champion kicking down the final stretch of the track .
tr	NN	Immediately the unmistakable stench of blood and fecal matter wafted through their protective masks .
tr	NN	My only condition is that you don 't interrupt me while I 'm talking .
tr	NN	There was still no whispering of where she was .
tr	NN	Her h * ps moved against him .
tr	NNS	Now , disperse yourselves , sirs , before my finger becomes impatient . "
tr	NNS	Things can never be the same .
tr	NNS	Screams of approval chanted from a range of locations within the club .
tr	NN	The challenge had come with finding what to do , beyond sleeping , with the other seventy hours of free time in the week .
tr	NNS	The kisses are so soft and sweet that I gasp .
tr	NNS	The colors set off her reddish hair and strange , dark orange eyes .
tr	NNS	Others I have in other places in this establishment .
tr	NNS	The warriors sat quietly around their fires and told stories of the bravery and strength of their missing comrades .
tr	NNS	There are unintended consequences to every experiment . "
tr	NN	JJ has a hurt look on his face as he stares down at the cups in our hands .
tr	NN	His absence is almost eerie .
tr	NN	His partner immediately kicked at the base of the bedroom door and it slammed up against me .
tr	NNS	Curious , she got up and opened the front door , then stepped back .
tr	NN	Does the term " cubic yard " mean anything to you ? '
tr	NNS	The big radial motors turned slowly at first building revolutions .
tr	NNS	At the top it had four evenly spaced , huge rectangular wide screens arranged .
tr	NNS	The dancers gave a low bow in concert as thanks before one by one in a perfect row , they disappeared on their toes into the palace .
tr	NNS	Hands warm on my face , on my back .
tr	NN	Mona 's stating about Nero 's one good accomplishment had been dead on .
tr	NNS	Her in-laws were reliable .
tr	NNS	His paws silently padded against the stone floor as he kept pace with her .
tr	NN	She stepped away , a disgusted grimace on her face as she kept staring at him .
tr	NNS	There were no hopeful pastel hues , only deep , muted browns and grays .
tr	NNS	But even so , our ideas of what makes a " good time " are starkly different .
tr	NN	The praise made Rachel blush .
tr	NN	The trio looked at each other .
tr	NN	Maybe Z 's hunt was a wild goose chase .
tr	NN	Part of it is my own temper . "
tr	NNS	In the distance sirens wailed .
tr	NNS	Most stores sold birth control from a regular , easily accessible shelf .
tr	NN	" Lie for me , " Jace said , taking his jacket down from the wall peg and shrugging it on .
tr	NNS	The contents of the water skin also disappeared with remarkable speed .
tr	NN	Her first instinct was to switch the telephone off ; but , recognising the source of the incoming call , she felt she shouldn 't .
tr	NNS	Nerves twisted Anne Marie 's stomach as she got closer to her destination .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids closed and sensation took over .
tr	NN	The policeman pulled out a pistol .
tr	NN	Link raised an eyebrow .
tr	NN	The relentless beating of that heart was driving her crazy .
tr	NN	One intern just happened to be looking in his direction when something came over his eyes .
tr	NN	" No more dating Joey . "
tr	NNS	Dogs would have been a luxury when she was growing up , so she 'd never had one , or a cat , either .
tr	NN	" Looks like you made a new friend there , " said the hooker .
tr	NNS	Things would have worked out entirely different and much better for our family . "
tr	NNS	Words tumbled out of his mouth before he thought them through .
tr	NNS	Officials everywhere were free with their promises .
tr	NNS	Frankie exits Bob 's quarters dressed in only a white nightie .
tr	NN	Your Uncle wanted to run out .
tr	NN	The radiation hit both Jenny and me , of course , but I 'm a more powerful talent than she is . "
tr	NNS	How 's spaghetti or tuna casserole sound ? "
tr	NN	And would you look at that , my appetite seems to be gone , too . "
tr	NNS	Two human figures , robed to their feet , stood before him , silent under the yellow sky .
tr	NNS	" Things cannot be as they were . "
tr	NNS	Other wolves were closing in on her .
tr	NN	Its tail also did not look like any bird 's tail .
tr	NN	" And there was not such a challenge you could offer ? "
tr	NNS	" The open spaces are few .
tr	NNS	Others slathered them with sauce .
tr	NN	After a minute a pretty young brunette came to the door and opened it .
tr	NN	The acid eats a hole in the balloon .
tr	NNS	Adventure buddies use a safety line so they can help each other . "
tr	NNS	Only the oceans remained untouched .
tr	NNS	How are your deals coming along ? "
tr	NNS	Flames of white fire cascaded over the body as his spirit passed through the forehead .
tr	NN	Her resolve to remain a virgin hung on by a thread .
tr	NN	The bitch is with him .
tr	NN	A siren wailed , loud and long and keening .
tr	NNS	Suddenly the warriors are all over it , hacking away like ants trying to bring down a badger .
tr	NNS	Questions hammered at her .
tr	NNS	Two quarters got you twelve minutes .
tr	NN	Part of him wondered why the rest of the world should seem so beautiful , so pristine .
tr	NNS	While she may have been an expert surgeon , pancakes were a little out of her league .
tr	NN	Wouldn 't any attorney have taken it , if offered a $ 10,000 retainer ?
tr	NN	My Jeep has been fine for me in the snow . "
tr	NN	The only illumination came from a pair of candles near the altar .
tr	NNS	Blackened corn chips and Squirt cans cracked the windshield and thumped on the roof .
tr	NNS	There were bars here .
tr	NNS	In a way , these works of art are Turing tests themselves , signs meant to shake and measure the soul .
tr	NNS	The chains on her robs fell off and then suddenly disappeared into thin air .
tr	NN	The coast was clear , so I pulled my beach bag over my shoulder .
tr	NN	Storm pushes him away with a giggle and a crinkled nose .
tr	NN	There was a restless stirring among the men as they stepped aside to make way for their lord 's witch .
tr	NN	" The ship 's captain was only too happy to sneak us aboard , thanks to my father 's generosity .
tr	NNS	I stayed close behind to listen , their whispers made my curiosity rising .
tr	NNS	Green , fleshy bits smeared over the glass , and her stomach gave a warning heave .
tr	NN	There was the smoke detector on the hall ceiling .
tr	NN	Or as my grandma phrased it : Harmony 's Echo .
tr	NN	Just like the scenery , these gentry were a sharp contrast to those we 'd seen in the blight .
tr	NN	There was no TV in the room ; I didn 't need one .
tr	NN	Andra 's belly warmed and her limbs became pliant and willing .
tr	NNS	The fans took it as a sign , and he felt the pressure .
tr	NNS	My aunts learned it from their mother and they taught it to me , but I don 't really know how to actually heal wounds very well .
tr	NNS	Most leaders torment their troops and that leads to dissension in the ranks .
tr	NN	" I 'm Jake , " the consultant said .
tr	NNS	Things weren 't exactly going to plan .
tr	NN	Slowly realisation dawned and for some reason she felt a stab of pain in her chest .
tr	NNS	Others found it womanly .
tr	NNS	The actors and producers of the world are keeping me pretty busy . "
tr	NNS	Things change , and I hated it .
tr	NN	My hairdresser had found Tory 's claiming marks .
tr	NNS	Things were too delicate for another unsolved mystery that suggested the preternatural .
tr	NNS	And chances are that scream wasn 't him .
tr	NNS	Needless to say , the members were fabulously wealthy .
tr	NNS	The journal lands on the floor and I drop to my knees to read it .
tr	NN	The fan sliced through the plastic casings , which didn 't ignite , but which still exploded outward with stinging birdshot .
tr	NN	His animal lust was tearing through him , and she herself was no longer able to control her own desires .
tr	NN	Every instinct urged him to attack .
tr	NN	Remember , the armies you command belong to the King . "
tr	NN	The captain reached for the pole to help her .
tr	NNS	Things she 'd never do for Ivy , not at this home .
tr	NN	The large warrior tumbled to the ground with a cry of surprise .
tr	NN	Suddenly the baron will disappear from the scene .
tr	NN	Back in the stair well some equipment stored there caught their attention .
tr	NNS	The technicians stop laughing and get back to work .
tr	NN	Despair rejoined me like a flock of black crows , circling over an open field of produce .
tr	NN	" Only an idiot would voluntarily go out in weather like that . "
tr	NNS	Dragons are clever , manipulative .
tr	NN	Above , a great funnel of birds was driving down towards him .
tr	NNS	Cassius took a deep breath ; he wished that Aurora was by his side .
tr	NN	The dragon 's sitting on a huge pile of gold , jewels , and plenty of magical items .
tr	NNS	Makes talking to you dashed difficult sometimes . "
tr	NN	The electricity in my blood became a sort of energy field around me , blocking the attacks from the cloaked man standing only a few feet away .
tr	NN	" My teacher talked a little about centering .
tr	NN	Her small bustle pressed his groin , the cage keeping him from what he wanted to feel .
tr	NN	The private investigator handed him a folder , the contents of which he found quite interesting .
tr	NN	" History seldom takes note of serendipity when it records events .
tr	NN	The Final Empire was strained , but she doubted that it would crack .
tr	NNS	The carnivorous plant fairies heard the shout of the Oracle hail them , " Warriors of the woodlands , monsters come for us !
tr	NNS	Names may have power , but I don 't " " His soul is restored .
tr	NN	Her loyalty was impressive .
tr	NNS	Others must have survived , too .
tr	NN	The blunt appeal didn 't fall on deaf ears .
tr	NN	hook , line and sinker as Daddy says .
tr	NN	' Strike you as odd , does it ? ' '
tr	NNS	Things weren 't back the way they had been between them , not yet .
tr	NNS	In front of them all , a silver Mercedes crept slowly past the bus station .
tr	NN	" And his bitch girlfriend , too ! "
tr	NN	Sweet Dove turned and kissed him , then bit down hard so that he cried out .
tr	NNS	Their claims shocked him and horrified all those who witnessed her resurrection .
tr	NN	" What 's your schedule like ?
tr	NN	Josh 's aggressive body language wasn 't helping .
tr	NN	" The notion that since I have a scar on my face there 's something suspicious going on is borderline insanity . "
tr	NN	A release of energy expanded from the point of impact and jolted trees in every direction , bringing down a shower of fluttering leaves .
tr	NNS	Delicate chains of white paper scalloped the garlands and huge white paper bows filled the corners .
tr	NN	' Anything interesting , ' Love asked .
tr	NNS	From below our feet , sprites giggle and clap their hands .
tr	NN	The whole square echoed with their playful yips .
tr	NNS	" And how long before the same headlines make it to reputable newspapers ? "
tr	NNS	Romulus held open one side of his coat , revealing an array of tiny glass bottles sewn into the fabric lining .
tr	NN	And your fame goes before you ! "
tr	NNS	Myles muttered a silent curse as he watched the boy go .
tr	NNS	Aviator goggles rimmed with inductor coils winked , creating enigmas within mysteries .
tr	NNS	Of course , Dragon 's twins were offering their opinion on everything .
tr	NN	Anger and frustration boiled over , and he stalked back in the house and slammed the door behind him .
tr	NNS	There were so many different levels of love - it was too exhausting to think about it ... so I stopped .
tr	NNS	Others , however , cast him suspicious looks as they kept their distance .
tr	NN	Coupled with sucking in , I final y got it fastened .
tr	NN	Every inch of my body is coursing with need .
tr	NNS	" The media was waiting for such a knee-jerk reaction from our side .
tr	NNS	Her warriors were there to oppose him , but the soldier barely regarded their interference .
tr	NNS	See , the dolphins too loved to consume tuna , but they could grab it right from the sea and eat it fresh .
tr	NN	The carpet maintained the maroon and blue color scheme .
tr	NN	The familiar prickle starts on the back of my neck .
tr	NN	his flabbergasted master gasped .
tr	NNS	Things were humming along just fine .
tr	NNS	Moses Todd catches his breath and pushes her back against the chair and gets his hands around her neck , his thick thumbs digging into her windpipe .
tr	NNS	Mr. Tanner 's belongings dropped to the floor .
tr	NNS	The calculations came through and they all saw the virtual ship appear on the screen plotting a course set by the sonar room 's calculations .
tr	NN	I 'm marked for death , Jazz started to say , and decided to hold that back for later , after coffee .
tr	NN	There was no ease .
tr	NN	My uncle is a cop back home in Australia so I kind of have a soft spot for the police .
tr	NNS	In fact , the only other school items stored in his locker were two writing books used for the various subjects .
tr	NNS	New recruits are always a challenge , but she 's hopeless . "
tr	NN	To them , our trio stuck out like toothsome lambs separated from the tougher , hard-bitten flock .
tr	NNS	In all the stories she 'd read , fairies were good .
tr	NN	A sob came from deep inside the older man 's chest .
tr	NN	Reaching for another liter of water , a low whistle echoed across the room .
tr	NN	However the TV had gone .
tr	NNS	Flames and smoke billowed in .
tr	NNS	There are the quick deaths , too .
tr	NNS	My family 's few belongings are still here , in exactly the same condition as I 'd last seen them .
tr	NN	Part of me fought it , knew I should push her away .
tr	NN	Even the Defense had her participate in military projects , demonstrating faith in her abilities , and most of all trust .
tr	NN	They had to pull the missiles from the silo , remove the nukes and then transport them to Florida for launch , " the commander said .
tr	NNS	My grandparents will be back in charge sooner or later .
tr	NN	His tail only thumped harder .
tr	NN	" Taylor , your back yard is amazing .
tr	NN	Thinking , that 's what he was doing , lying on the couch with his eyes closed , thinking .
tr	NNS	The shyness was back .
tr	NNS	" Things aren 't the same anymore are they ? "
tr	NN	" Why , our engagement , of course , " Phillip replied blandly .
tr	NNS	My inner eyelids closed protectively and I blushed after glancing down to find a black blade held at my belly .
tr	NNS	Reyes approached , Paris and Torin at his sides .
tr	NNS	The other wolves had assembled behind the beast .
tr	NNS	Despite its grandeur , the villagers ignored it -- it was common belief that the other side of the river was cursed .
tr	NN	The stroll back was leisurely and quiet .
tr	NN	A good-sized garage , it could have fit at least six cars generously spaced .
tr	NNS	The silk trousers ripped in two and lay in tatters on the floor as the white wolf emerged .
tr	NN	Magical or not , compulsion was basically just a strong suggestion , one that could be overridden if the will was fierce enough .
tr	NNS	My eyelids closed with the admission , and I knew I shouldn 't say it , but I needed her to know .
tr	NNS	" These great actors need no introduction , as their past work has spoken clearly for itself .
tr	NN	After September , the cancer just sucked all the life from him .
tr	NN	A koala kid genius would have been very much the key to " getting away " Mark picks up calmly from where he left .
tr	NNS	There are enough accusations flying around already . "
tr	NN	But the lace bra showing discreetly through the silk was , in her mind , dangerously enticing .
tr	NN	The pub actually had a four star rating , and two rosettes for the quality of its food .
tr	NNS	Its many repairs betrayed the instability of Pandora 's geology , and its routes were constantly changing .
tr	NNS	Behind it stood an easel with a covered painting , art supplies scattered beneath .
tr	NN	The concept emerged within his heart and he had no time to tell her .
tr	NN	The footman studied it curiously , then me .
tr	NN	His accent was high end British but there was something Germanic about him .
tr	NNS	Trolls ' purses are the mischief , and this was no exception . "
tr	NNS	There were new websites being made daily , likely by the thousands .
tr	NNS	His directness surprised her .
tr	NNS	When he got behind the wheel the dark , intimate confines of the front passenger compartment closed around him , sealing his doom .
tr	NN	" Part of the comfort package . "
tr	NN	Twinkle , twinkle , little star , How I wonder what you are ! ' "
tr	NNS	All the other roads toward the highway lacked pedestrian footpaths so only cars could use them .
tr	NN	There was a full underground tank filled with 500 gallons of propane , so we were prepared for baths or showers .
tr	NN	The mayor pointed to Nate .
tr	NNS	Soldiers used their swords to cut free the living from their captors and with few infantry deaths this small battle was over almost before it began .
tr	NN	A rustling of leaves , the slow creak of branches moved by the invisible wind overhead .
tr	NNS	The estates must come first .
tr	NN	So , Jazz , in or out , please .
tr	NNS	Hands clawed at her throat as she tried to pull the saber free .
tr	NNS	The two cords spun , overlapping , buzzing and spitting licks of blue and amber into the air .
tr	NNS	The wolves seemed to weigh each other .
tr	NN	Love removed his hand from the door handle , turned back to face the hallway and stared at the papered walls .
tr	NN	" If we move him , we 'll probably kill him , " the young fellow muses .
tr	NNS	Aurelius folded us back to Desh 's .
tr	NNS	Greg 's prints are on display in NAU 's University Writing Program office as well as in the English Department offices .
tr	NN	the sergeant responded encouragingly .
tr	NNS	Her species is unknown for she possesses the powers of shape shifting . "
tr	NN	" Jackass , jackass on the wall , where 's the info on Hex Hall ? "
tr	NNS	Images of people I had never met , all of them talking simultaneously , saying something unheard but they were all looking at me .
tr	NNS	Lives only to make me suffer . "
tr	NN	Lamont 's abrasive personality didn 't collect sympathy , but some existed nevertheless .
tr	NNS	Most often such puzzles resolved themselves .
tr	NN	The first bachelor presented was Bruce Peyton .
tr	NN	" But the colonel sent you with us to Salvation , among her best men . "
tr	NN	More throaty cries burst from the jungle all around her , echoing off the stone walls , making it harder to think .
tr	NN	What was his goal , to ruin her for any other man ?
tr	NN	And a single real iron chandelier , a circle of melting candles , revealing a great pool of polished floor beneath it .
tr	NNS	" Once we get out of this forest , the roads improve and we 'll make better time . "
tr	NNS	Her footsteps rushed after him .
tr	NN	The gas tank miraculously seemed intact but up front , under the motor , was a different story .
tr	NNS	In chess , pawns are the lowest level of - " " I know how to play chess , " I interrupted .
tr	NN	The agent almost blushed as she looked from Stuart to Love .
tr	NN	" My birthmark , " I whispered .
tr	NNS	Lights from the buildings below him paled against the dramatic golden glow that infused this metal cobweb of space .
tr	NN	The maid looked startled then discreetly faded out the door .
tr	NNS	The werewolves kept looking down at the water , then back at Lou , but would not enter it .
tr	NN	Then gran stood and walked towards me .
tr	NN	Even the schedule in plumbing hadn 't been so bad , and hadn 't taken him away from his family so often . "
tr	NN	A soft blush ran over her cheeks and I wondered just what she was thinking .
tr	NN	Part of me couldn 't believe I was sitting there , talking to the thing , but I didn 't have much choice .
tr	NN	Then Piper 's scowl flitted from the back of Allie 's head to me .
tr	NN	The bike slowed and they pulled up at the California State University .
tr	NN	" Your daddy is a banker and you finished college , and I 'm just a mechanic . "
tr	NN	Well , this wasn , t the time to answer them .
tr	NN	" Oh , hey Candy . "
tr	NNS	The nuns lived a strict and ordered life but never before had she felt as free .
tr	NNS	" Our accommodations will be across the street .
tr	NNS	The goats didn 't care one way or the other .
tr	NNS	Things had not turned out well with Angelo and since she 'd lost her job , she didn 't know what was left for her in Greece .
tr	NNS	Words she didn 't understand were pouring from his mouth as he shouted and flailed both arms about like a mad man .
tr	NNS	As is always the case when there 's a parity of weaponry , the defenders of any fortified place have the advantage .
tr	NNS	The nostrils flared as it angrily yanked the wriggling soldier into the air .
tr	NN	My grandmother must have brought it in while we were eating .
tr	NNS	Things are the snot bubbles .
tr	NN	The offense , almost shut out by a weak Milan team three days earlier , now seemed capable of scoring at will .
tr	NN	* * * Morning came , but it was not fair , for there was a bitter wind and rain .
tr	NNS	Though he hadn 't taken his hungry gaze off her , and though he clearly approved of the way she looked , her insecurities came rushing back .
tr	NNS	" There are no original ideas anymore , especially when it comes to the assassination business . "
tr	NNS	" Things got even more awkward between us when I told Fletcher that I have some talent .
tr	NNS	Suddenly , all the vague misgivings Gabrielle had ever felt about Senator Sexton seemed to resurface all at once .
tr	NNS	The images running through her head made her dizzy with desire .
tr	NNS	Thank goodness Maya knows rescue breathing ! "
tr	NN	A plow had gone by earlier , but the street was filled in again .
tr	NNS	The facts , give me the facts , he would say .
tr	NNS	Computer screens lined the walls and lab tables ran down the center .
tr	NNS	The other settlers are almost a ghost story to us .
tr	NNS	The now-familiar tightness in his chest increased as his heartbeat went into double time .
tr	NNS	Things went very wrong . "
tr	NN	The tremble in my hands lessens and I hold my shoulders back .
tr	NNS	Different ages , different cultures , separated by oceans or thousands of miles .
tr	NNS	The bars lurched in the air , immediately beginning to spin like furious , lunatic windmills .
tr	NN	" I don , t know .
tr	NNS	Fresh eggs meant a decent meal even if there was nothing in the rabbit traps today .
tr	NNS	As I opened my mouth to reply , the batteries finally fizzled and died .
tr	NN	The red , lacy bra and matching bottoms had been sitting in the back of my closet waiting to fulfill their purpose .
tr	NN	With the rising temperature the slush on the road was more water than ice .
tr	NN	A thrill went up Madrigal 's arm from the warming touch , and she didn 't have to look at his eyes to know who it was .
tr	NN	Love , love , love it .
tr	NN	The leader of the original clan and four of his friends thought it was safer to go that way .
tr	NN	" No kidding , " Alan replied as he saw the torch once used on him .
tr	NN	The applause was loud .
tr	NN	The gas drifted back , and stung their eyes .
tr	NNS	Goss didn 't care for scenery , at least not the country kind .
tr	NNS	The appliances were simple and completely utilitarian .
tr	NNS	The footsteps were merely feet behind me .
tr	NN	Reality trumped any fictional desires of happiness that Brian hadn 't managed to destroy .
tr	NNS	His warriors stretched their limbs and sharpened their blades and she felt the vibrancy of war in the air .
tr	NN	Her grandmother was waiting by the door and handed Courtney a towel , purple cap and goggles .
tr	NN	Right now midnight would be about nine hundred miles east of here , in the next time zone .
tr	NN	On the counter stood an ancient toaster oven from about 1950 .
tr	NNS	But for whatever reason , her efforts did nothing to ease Amy Lawson .
tr	NNS	The strange movements he made earlier make sense .
tr	NNS	Her hair was a soaked mess of colored streaks sculpted on top of her head , chemical fumes from hair dye potent in the air .
tr	NNS	" And who dresses like that in the middle of nowhere ? "
tr	NN	My ma 's dead . "
tr	NN	The click of the lock cut her thoughts off abruptly .
tr	NNS	Alexis and the others turned on the large screen television in the living room .
tr	NNS	All campers have to register and pay camping fees .
tr	NN	There 's quite a swerve on this one . '
tr	NN	Stupid bitch , now you 're going to pay !
tr	NN	Luckily , my grandma likes you . "
tr	NN	The jar freely opened on its own , the lid floating beside it .
tr	NNS	On the opposing long wall were coils of rope and a pair of stuffed backpacks with labels .
tr	NN	Despite Ben 's reassurances , Charlotte 's pulse fluctuated wildly before taking up a steady beat again .
tr	NNS	There were six slanted spaces full of six cars .
tr	NNS	The elves were now sure the rumors they were hearing about a captured fairy were true .
tr	NN	Without comment , the student walked over and deposited one green garbage bag in front of Peter .
tr	NNS	The jewels became the symbol of the royal family 's entitlement to the throne .
tr	NN	The Master of Ceremonies stood in a platform high overhead and beamed down at his new catch .
tr	NN	My hunger moved me to the refrigerator .
tr	NN	the captain asked when he returned .
tr	NN	The knight removed his helmet , and this time it really was Robert de Sable .
tr	NN	My grandmother told me .
tr	NNS	The jewels in it glittered with a dazzling display of white light , cut with flashes of rainbow colours .
tr	NN	The pit of my stomach falls away as he speaks .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids fluttered closed as an arrow of sorrow punctured her heart .
tr	NNS	A block away the winds roared and suddenly the fog bank was sucked into a column of turning air .
tr	NN	The plant keeps me alive but steals you , the reason to live .
tr	NN	" I don 't have a David Mitchell listed in Minneapolis , " the operator said after a moment .
tr	NNS	Questions assailed her as she pondered the wisdom of allowing things to move so quickly .
tr	NN	At least her clothing was in place .
tr	NN	The strike to his shoulder did enough damage to cause him to drop the knife .
tr	NN	Their scents blended , male musk with feminine sweetness , and all he 'd wanted to do was pick up where they 'd left off .
tr	NN	The footman raised an eyebrow .
tr	NN	The rainbow added shape to this cut cake , ordered for the occasion of charmed magic .
tr	NN	Just then the van went around a corner really fast and all the sacks slid over to the side , taking me with them .
tr	NN	A grunt as Gel landed a kick , hit the man ... somewhere .
tr	NNS	Others around the room affirmed their support .
tr	NNS	The only signs of life were the large smokestacks that seemed to border the entire city , billowing black smog like crazy .
tr	NNS	The ghosts had to wait until they heard Wanda and Mathilda singing " Happy Birthday to You ! "
tr	NN	The curvy lane they were walking eventually led them to the " Unity " statue .
tr	NNS	Marius looked at her and frowned .
tr	NNS	Others of the Forest were more than happy to assist him .
tr	NNS	" Things got complicated . "
tr	NNS	The differences had started long ago , but she hadn 't really noticed until they 'd become disdainful .
tr	NNS	The saints were too far above the earth to survive without external warmth and oxygen masks now .
tr	NN	" My lord , the footman said you were ill ... " Pierce stopped him with an angry glance and an upraised finger .
tr	NNS	Others taught that your soul simply melded with the stars and you became a knower of all things .
tr	NN	Why would the agent help us ?
tr	NN	... then his papa died in a car accident and he had to go back to England , ' she concluded .
tr	NNS	The twins froze on their way toward the side of the other boat .
tr	NNS	Copper and silver coins speckled the bottom , reflecting the light of the water in pretty arcs and shimmers .
tr	NNS	The restrictions that forced the rest of us to conform were not applicable to them ; they needed freedom to make positive influential decisions .
tr	NN	The tube hopped and skipped across the stone , heading toward her .
tr	NN	His chuckle was a bit contagious .
tr	NNS	Marius ran to the railing and looked down the stairwell .
tr	NN	A deep growl rumbled in its throat .
tr	NNS	Still , fact remained , there were fifteen letters carved in the oak 's bark , very clearly .
tr	NNS	As her eyes scanned the room , the butterflies in Jessica 's stomach started fluttering again .
tr	NNS	" Nicolas , our hills are flush with vegetation that is harmful to the body .
tr	NN	My first instinct was to take those two boys by their ears and drag them to the principal , or worst .
tr	NN	A second later , Ken 's ex-girlfriend shrugged and broadened her smile as if this couldn 't possibly be what it looked like .
tr	NN	Her subconscious regurgitated the image of the painting on the story wall , that horrid painting foretelling her worst nightmare .
tr	NN	The large bore bullet has indeed left a great deal of trauma to the calf , but I believe I can save the leg . "
tr	NN	After a few seconds , the electricity seemed to have calmed us both down .
tr	NN	Chest up , hair streaming , he figured that was easy enough .
tr	NNS	The first three cards dealt into the centre looked harmless , so I bet again .
tr	NN	Technically , once the infection set in they were already dead .
tr	NNS	Words of apology and contrition stuck to her tongue .
tr	NNS	But when they 're here , their minds are with my sister . "
tr	NN	Come tomorrow , we ' l begin training ... if you feel up to it . "
tr	NNS	The world 's travelers come to us . "
tr	NN	Love is the only true combatant against hate , the only thing that can change the course of the human 's path to self-destruction .
tr	NN	When your grandmother threw her out ?
tr	NN	Cameron 's lantern fell on a confusion of objects behind the dog , some small and squirming , little peeping noises issuing from the dark .
tr	NN	Link ran his hand over his spiked hair nervously .
tr	NNS	Things had gone against her .
tr	NNS	Muscles won 't work right if you just sew them together .
tr	NN	As they came to the waiting horsemen the leader bowed and spoke formally .
tr	NN	My h * ps stopped moving .
tr	NNS	Things are ... " Her voice trailed off and she dropped her eyes , twisting her hands in her lap .
tr	NNS	The calculations happened faster than a human eye blink .
tr	NNS	Your abilities should be a surprise to them .
tr	NNS	" Her in-laws came in . "
tr	NNS	The sirens grew louder , now identifiable from the direction of the parking lot 's entrance .
tr	NN	The master stirs then , and fixes me with a cold glare .
tr	NNS	" Besides , " he went on , " the teachers aren 't going to assign us anything critical right now .
tr	NN	The cougar stopped its advance some ten yards away .
tr	NNS	" Our ancestors were one of the original families that were able to see the truth .
tr	NNS	Within the bottle were quite a few yellow pills mixed in with the white .
tr	NNS	Two nurses appeared quietly and helped with the tests and paperwork .
tr	NN	A giggle rose up in her throat , and she wasn 't sure why .
tr	NNS	Would the werewolves resent me for being an outsider ?
tr	NN	" Your ID , " he explains when he sees the mixture of terror and confusion on my face .
tr	NN	The jaguar lay across his body , obviously on guard .
tr	NNS	Looks like we might have to rethink that .
tr	NNS	My innards settled down , my organs no longer acting like a sack of drowning rats .
tr	NN	a recording of his voice shouted from the alarm system he had set up two days ago .
tr	NN	Terror engulfed her along with a sudden darkness .
tr	NN	Maybe the werewolf was lying to me .
tr	NN	" Oh , shit , the suitcase is in the car .
tr	NN	There was a large TV off to the side of them over the bar .
tr	NN	The high priest smiled with his mouth .
tr	NNS	My rear cameras picked up two men pushing mowers across their yards .
tr	NNS	Agents and police appeared above .
tr	NN	His accent was strong but I never make a mistake over money .
tr	NN	" The whole transition was insane , but I don 't really remember how it went down . "
tr	NNS	' Soldiers don 't keep what they get .
tr	NNS	My grandparents were deep in conversation with Darren , but I caught my grandfather 's eye and nodded toward Mom .
tr	NN	The dawn was already breaking .
tr	NN	" The vampire bitch destroyed this body .
tr	NNS	Lights from the tall poles surrounding the dock danced on the water as small ripples ran through the harbor .
tr	NNS	There are whole villages out in the country supporting groups of them .
tr	NNS	Her sobs were too powerful .
tr	NNS	But as the hours passed and Andrea 's customers began to show up , Julie 's worries grew .
tr	NN	Eventually a sergeant bounded into the room .
tr	NN	Her uncle handed it to her .
tr	NNS	The drums rose louder .
tr	NNS	As it did , the solar cells neatly stacked on the roof flew off and scattered like a dropped deck of cards .
tr	NN	The ram -- their school mascot -- stares out through one solid eye , while the other can 't decide whether it will look left or up .
tr	NNS	His tone rises and his embrace stiffens .
tr	NN	" A distant relative commissioned those made as a wedding gift for his wife .
tr	NNS	Things continued normally at the restaurant and Emerson watched with a benign eye as Jonas openly staked a man 's claim on Verity .
tr	NNS	The last visitors barely escaped with their lives .
tr	NNS	Things are awkward and uncomfortable because I know him , even kissed him , yet at the same time I don 't know him .
tr	NN	My uncle smiled at me .
tr	NNS	Words linked , laying tracks .
tr	NN	The pilot looked confused for half a second , then his eyes went wide as Andy 's frightened yell hit home .
tr	NNS	Looks like Santa came early this year . "
tr	NN	Every race has its bad seeds , one supposes .
tr	NNS	" Fine " He shouted pulling on his pants " Throw it all in my face again .
tr	NN	As Lord Polonius says in ' Hamlet ' : though this be madness , yet there is method in it .
tr	NNS	" So the dwarves began digging tunnels .
tr	NNS	My classes are easier now that my professors know my dirty little secret .
tr	NN	The tube ran up to a bag of clear liquid hanging over Haven 's cart .
tr	NNS	Others might believe they had control , but it was never so .
tr	NNS	As he came closer , the white objects evolved into hands gripping the bars .
tr	NNS	Scanning the back row of the rabble , three gaps presented themselves .
tr	NNS	Illuminated digits flared into existence on the device .
tr	NN	A ghostly chuckle signaled Freud 's return .
tr	NNS	Simple creatures we are .
tr	NN	Now that she was in his life , his military career didn 't seem important any more .
tr	NNS	Witches learn to recognize one another ; you must have picked up on that by now . "
tr	NNS	On the bricks , there was graffiti of a large red fist ringed in gold , which was somehow familiar .
tr	NNS	There are a few experiments I need to personally retrieve . "
tr	NN	A giggle fell from her daughter 's lips and a chill ran down her spine .
tr	NN	The runner clutched his right side , failing to stanch a crimson bloom from seeping through his white shift .
tr	NN	the colonel spoke quickly , " none of that .
tr	NNS	It carried everything that was important to me , my art supplies , my drawings , pictures I 'd cut out of magazines .
tr	NNS	Things that I had previously given about as much thought to as the eating habits of a moose were suddenly the single focus of my life .
tr	NN	Anyway , I know exactly what Edward Mitchell wants me to do , so I will fall on my sword , my career is over .
tr	NNS	The crew members were in on this and armed .
tr	NNS	And when they left , those abilities remained .
tr	NN	The elder insisted he not be taken off to some clinic or hospital , but that they make this service into a final one for him .
tr	NNS	Anger and sadness clutched at her heart , and she wanted to yell at him for what he 'd done all those years ago .
tr	NNS	" Damn good toss , Cam , " he 'd said , wiping his eyes .
tr	NNS	Their footsteps were getting closer with each minute .
tr	NN	Alarmed , the commander ordered his men back into the tower and they sealed the iron door with crossbars .
tr	NNS	The mech wolves backed off , frustration glowing in their savage yellow eyes .
tr	NNS	' The rats fought the dogs ? '
tr	NN	There was a click and the eerie sound of a loud buzz which brought Alexi to a cold reality .
tr	NN	When the door opened , a red carpet of complex floral designs stretched all the way to the king 's throne .
tr	NN	The ride downtown seemed to have calmed Jase 's worries about meeting Derrick and his friend and Luis didn 't want to upset him .
tr	NN	Your daddy 's just going to have to change his mind about me because there 's no way I 'm going away . "
tr	NNS	The symptoms were there , and they were undeniable .
tr	NN	With a shrug , the chef said , " Before tonight I would have said that his palate had become dull from his predictable diet .
tr	NN	The death cart was now full , and the work crew pushed it away .
tr	NNS	Things rose into the air as Rogan sorted through my possessions , looking for a weapon .
tr	NNS	But then , suspects were humans , not robots .
tr	NNS	[ There weren 't any cobwebs of course !
tr	NN	" My grandma told me I had to stay and fight .
tr	NN	The new , more yielding environment allowed the carbon fibers to separate .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately the cabinets aren 't marked .
tr	NN	Another tremor passed through Emma as she tried to keep the phone pressed to her ear .
tr	NNS	Cassius leaned over and kissed her on the forehead .
tr	NNS	The wolves , jackals , bears , and foxes have fought against them for two years .
tr	NNS	" The servants of the Willow Land report joyfully that their queen has given birth to a daughter .
tr	NNS	Faded signs directed the various users to the right place .
tr	NNS	Thoughts about my real father keep running through my mind .
tr	NNS	The IVs and telemetry leads were no longer streaming from different parts of his body .
tr	NN	Love repeated and flipped open his notepad .
tr	NNS	Upstairs was dead quiet , the kids still with the neighbors .
tr	NN	Eight and a half hours later , the captain activated the loud speaker and announced they would be landing in Beijing within the hour .
tr	NN	A fountain pen lay there , with a name inscribed on it in gold .
tr	NNS	Maybe the aliens think they 've been away just a few months .
tr	NN	During that first performance with the swords , the audience was unsure what to think .
tr	NNS	But it stayed open , the edges shimmering slightly with the strange blue light .
tr	NNS	Early indications are that this is a case of localised subsidence due to heavy rainfall . "
tr	NNS	Words could not describe the warmth he felt seeing Antal Justus alive before him .
tr	NN	But when I arrived , the village leader said that the priests had disappeared many moons ago .
tr	NNS	Others had rifles shouldered .
tr	NNS	The military authorities are , regrettably , wary of us .
tr	NNS	Hysterical sobs start to bubble up my throat and James seems to remember that I 'm a real person .
tr	NNS	The characters , places and events portrayed in this book are fictional and are used as such .
tr	NNS	Her boobs were bouncing from all the heavy breathing she was doing , and I wanted them bare so I could watch them jiggle .
tr	NN	My mother 's blue silk evening gown and Richard 's tuxedo looked ridiculously out of place in the sterile hospital setting .
tr	NNS	Cassius raised his sword .
tr	NN	The van pulled into what must be a parking area .
tr	NN	gentleman who Cecil just spoke to is the grandson of the founder of Universal Rubber .
tr	NNS	The chains she was using no longer hurt .
tr	NN	A loud boom roared through the air , shaking the ground beneath me .
tr	NNS	The documents were extensive ; more than two hundred legal sized pages .
tr	NN	Thanks to the progress made by young Val , her teacher decided that Val was proficient enough to take part in two items on the programme .
tr	NNS	" The stronger zombies are right here in the country and isolated areas , because they infect people slower .
tr	NNS	The Evernight types started laughing , and Courtney even applauded .
tr	NN	The red pendant had flashed and the knife had been unable to pierce Ren 's flesh .
tr	NNS	" Our mothers are friends through a charity group in our town .
tr	NNS	Small diamond chandeliers hung from the ceiling .
tr	NN	The terminal looked fairly old to Beth , something that would have belonged in the basement level sorting offices at the post office .
tr	NN	Her reconstructed association datapoints prove it beyond any doubt .
tr	NN	Just one bullet , is all .
tr	NN	The sheriff would find out soon , somehow , she 'd been murdered and Blackie would be safe .
tr	NN	The steam rolled over the station and cloaked those who waved the train on .
tr	NN	To his surprise , his attorney wasn 't sharing the sentiment .
tr	NNS	In fact , the game designers were more than generous in the implementation of their payment system .
tr	NN	" Your bodice was down to here . "
tr	NN	The masculine fragrance filled my house , screaming , " Mate ! "
tr	NN	A little curl had fallen onto his forehead and I reached out , ever so gently , to brush it back .
tr	NN	On the back page was a list of the school 's sponsors .
tr	NN	The silver and ivory pendant dangling from her neck began to glow with a warmness that held the promise of tender kindness .
tr	NNS	But his father 's whims were capricious ; if he was caught in a good mood he might just as easily relent .
tr	NN	" Your pipe , Mr. Greene , " the Captain said , holding it over the table .
tr	NN	Only slightly shorter than he , the athletic brunette nodded , too .
tr	NN	The chant stopped abruptly .
tr	NNS	The subtle differences in their vocabulary wrapped her in a straitjacket of unworthiness .
tr	NNS	Whether the javelins missed and struck the earth or hit home , thousands of tiny glass spheres shattered , unleashing the furies that had been bound within .
tr	NN	The convertible Mustang was the perfect car for a man who called the beach his home .
tr	NNS	In a back alley , Bugs pried open a loose board blocking one of Lester 's windows .
tr	NN	That moron will probably tell the cops everything about me .
tr	NNS	The strings of colored lights above the street shone with a new brightness .
tr	NNS	High winds created huge waves on the Bay , and kept them ashore for hours .
tr	NN	But the teacher had already turned away and Lynn giggled .
tr	NNS	The little butterflies in my stomach did a back flip .
tr	NNS	" Yes , Your Highness , when we first escorted her here , " a soldier responded .
tr	NN	" Peter Callahan 's business partner who ruined everything we stood to inherit was Jefferson Fontenot , Caroline 's great , great , great , great grandfather .
tr	NN	But now the affinity he felt became displaced with the certainty that he would never be able to create something like this .
tr	NN	Her hunger evaporated as she flung herself across the bed and wept .
tr	NN	But our student earnestly voiced her contrition and insisted that whatever strife had been created was a result of some misunderstanding .
tr	NNS	The zombies overturned the cars , smashed the windshields , broke down the doors , whatever it took to get at the scrumptious meal inside .
tr	NN	The cart ground to a halt .
tr	NN	Jack 's discomfort grew as the interview with Paul Adams progressed .
tr	NNS	More dignified patrons would scold the stragglers from a distance .
tr	NNS	The pirates sail to the side and snare the other ship with grappling hooks .
tr	NN	The lightning fast trains run beneath D.C. through a twisting maze of tunnels .
tr	NNS	All three captains and Knox stared at him .
tr	NN	Light , air and sound came crashing through the open window , pulling the light , fragile curtains violently away from the wall .
tr	NN	the day i met brian hoffman 52 days until i turn 18 Bubblegum Pink is the nail polish of the day .
tr	NN	The soil was beginning to split open and when it did it would bring with it the tide of the early morning dawn .
tr	NNS	Two life signs were out there .
tr	NN	Alive or undead , there is always a click among groups .
tr	NNS	However the gnomes had emptied themselves upon death .
tr	NN	His thickness shocked her .
tr	NN	But no-one answered him .
tr	NN	" But some medicine inexplicably totally counteracted the other one you take to prevent pregnancy . "
tr	NN	The absence still rankled .
tr	NNS	The wider ramifications didn 't even penetrate the circle of my thoughts .
tr	NN	" And witness what has transpired after you left me .
tr	NNS	Looks like this new cabal is very good at keeping its secrets .
tr	NN	The crate thumped down on something solid , making me jump .
tr	NN	A faint glint of blue light trickled from under my office door .
tr	NN	Amidst the wrapping paper that had only recently been torn free , a single DVD boxed set waited .
tr	NNS	Her footsteps shuffled closer .
tr	NNS	There was still no movements on shore .
tr	NN	A former Spanish teacher , she enrolled in a college class on Don Quixote for " fun " .
tr	NNS	And siblings fight all the time .
tr	NNS	More shots came from the back of the house .
tr	NN	Part of her still loved him .
tr	NN	In this will , our daddy got nothing at all .
tr	NN	Oh , that dreamy Dutch accent was so , like , going to be the death of me .
tr	NNS	Nicodemus , Joseph 's colleague in the Sanhedrin and a fellow sympathizer , added his voice .
tr	NNS	Rufus said now one hand still on his hip .
tr	NNS	Things got out of hand . '
tr	NN	Another tremor , cracking the bare dirt around them .
tr	NN	The elf looked at the dwarf .
tr	NN	" To love and to cherish , " the priest reminded me and the audience burst into laughter .
tr	NN	Love does crazy things .
tr	NNS	Her movements were jerky , stiff even , as if she had little control over her own body .
tr	NNS	Sadness drowned me like frozen lake water and I couldn 't catch my breath .
tr	NN	Does the widow move out of her familial home during a war ?
tr	NN	" What 's a mortal ? "
tr	NN	The shoreline came into view as he passed through the palm trees .
tr	NN	Nausea will coil in my stomach , bile will rise in my throat and the pressure will continually build until I throw up .
tr	NNS	" The inevitable genetic variations will now select those that can accommodate .
tr	NN	A lord , then , and one accustomed to command .
tr	NNS	Bored expressions covered their faces as children darted around them ; their jubilant calls to one another filled the edgy silence .
tr	NN	" Your grandmother didn 't pull any punches .
tr	NNS	Others are welcome to walk through the village and continue with your journey .
tr	NN	In the past , the master would ask the Shadow to devour this ruler , destroy that general .
tr	NNS	These camera shots are coming from beetle blades , and every once in a while they have to change position .
tr	NN	The crone behind the counter eyed him doubtfully .
tr	NN	" Copy that ... " the pilot replied , turning to his XO .
tr	NN	" A bit extreme , is it not ? "
tr	NNS	The cells would have held little more than a palette and writing desk when they were in use .
tr	NNS	Even the bits we can scan could easily keep three or four thousand people .
tr	NNS	Chills racked my body and it hurt to shake .
tr	NN	A fourth leapt in and bit into John 's other shoulder , knocking him to the ground .
tr	NNS	Thin spots of light glowed reassuringly within the pebbled red glass .
tr	NN	If they were closer , a paw bump would have occurred .
tr	NNS	Seamus shot the third one in the back as he attempted to flee .
tr	NNS	Both ideas were Roman , of course !
tr	NN	My goddess will arrive shortly . "
tr	NNS	While I wiped it from my hair , my carelessness let a branch slap me in the face .
tr	NNS	" My brother Nicodemus took me fishing with him by the stream .
tr	NNS	Rufus appears to consider this .
tr	NNS	The countess screamed aloud .
tr	NNS	Grey wisps floated around her shoulders like ghosts and her eyes had that vacant , glassy look you see on the front row at funerals .
tr	NNS	" Sorry , ladies , " he told Maggie and Julia .
tr	NNS	Eventually speeches would end , resolutions would be passed , and Canada might break apart .
tr	NN	My reflection formed in the mirror .
tr	NN	Not likely , according to the doctors , but there wasn 't proof she 'd die young .
tr	NN	And then the pounding was harder , more forceful until it was noisy banging .
tr	NNS	Looks like we 'll have to face him after all . "
tr	NNS	" But his chances of survival would be practically nil if Colby went ahead with it now ! "
tr	NNS	The scenes of his life were on playback , some repeating themselves over and over .
tr	NNS	Several posters of bikini-clad women holding large guns adorned the other walls .
tr	NN	A playful growl escaped his lips and he inched closer to me .
tr	NNS	Two androids are sitting on the grass .
tr	NN	Storm 's a shaman who can track supernatural activity and tell if someone is lying or not .
tr	NN	The Two Rivers folk had been of little use .
tr	NN	That early military success had grown into mutually profitable trade .
tr	NN	Nausea rose in Lauren 's throat .
tr	NNS	And there is only one way up the cliffs to the castle gate .
tr	NNS	The repairs are bleeding you dry , you 're getting married , you 're going to have a baby .
tr	NNS	al ' Thor said .
tr	NN	And even den , only maybe . '
tr	NN	Upward momentum followed , erasing the premature panic she felt , as York pulled her up .
tr	NN	The roar of the wyvern sounded directly above us , and the unicorn leaped aside so quickly I nearly lost my seat .
tr	NNS	Lights shot from her palms like flashlights , illuminating the room and showing us the way out .
tr	NNS	" Things aren 't always the way they seem . "
tr	NN	A crazed gleam entered Reyes 's eyes , a glint that scared her .
tr	NN	My main goal was to stay true to the souls of the characters .
tr	NN	The scowl disappeared when she saw Clary , and was replaced by a look of surprise .
tr	NNS	Alexis walked over to Walter .
tr	NN	Out of nowhere a loud clang interrupts the conversation they 're having .
tr	NN	An inquisitive Louisa , sitting closest to the window , edged forward in her chair and peered out curiously through the glass .
tr	NNS	My opponents were positively writhing .
tr	NNS	Both punches landed and made it a simultaneous exchange .
tr	NN	" And you ' l tel me what 's going on once we 're on our way ? "
tr	NN	The deputy looked around the crowd , and his eyes stopped with Pappy .
tr	NNS	" Oh I see , the pupils become masters .
tr	NN	A fierce cramp shot around Bay 's back to her lower belly that took her breath away .
tr	NN	And the magnitude of the brief conference struck .
tr	NNS	The intricate net of movement existed on , eight levels and there were hundreds , of interchanges of varying degrees of complexity .
tr	NN	" My mate , " she whispered , her words settling deep in his heart .
tr	NNS	The cat twins will join you in the Pit this week .
tr	NNS	Surprisingly , bits of concrete were crumbling away in my hands .
tr	NNS	There are many tales about Elves .
tr	NNS	Cadmus followed and the rest of us trailed behind .
tr	NN	" So , your captain said that you 're having some trouble , Jeff .
tr	NN	The dimple of pressure just below my solar plexus eases a little .
tr	NN	" You should feel honored , human , " a familiar southern drawl called out to Zoe .
tr	NNS	Shouts of denial and despair had resounded , and , emotions high , chaos had ensued .
tr	NNS	His rigid length presses into the softness of my belly , making me tingle from the waist down .
tr	NN	History and poets have assigned many attributes to time .
tr	NNS	No matter what I do , the headaches come back .
tr	NNS	Reyes was unable to hold back a grimace .
tr	NN	" I don 't know - poor devil , the fright has got to him .
tr	NN	Once again , the throbbing ignited inside my head .
tr	NNS	Four pairs of accusing eyes stared at him .
tr	NN	My libido was hopping up and down .
tr	NN	The whispering was intrusive .
tr	NNS	Marius stumbled into view over a small rise just off the side of the road , brushing a layer of sand from his arms .
tr	NN	After a few minutes the dizziness faded again .
tr	NNS	Others have several . "
tr	NNS	Things got even more interesting when they walked in to the first boutique shop together .
tr	NNS	Lennox jumps a little and immediately takes a couple of steps back , as if he just found himself one step away from falling into a ravine .
tr	NNS	Others were looking straight ahead , standing at attention , almost like soldiers .
tr	NN	I want him , ' growled the giant knight .
tr	NNS	Bright spots danced and shimmered before her eyes .
tr	NNS	Lights were burning in the windows of the massive house , and I knew they were awake .
tr	NNS	Gorgeous girl , isn 't she ? "
tr	NN	Their only remaining difficulty seemed to be working out the initial turn so that they were facing the proper way to walk down the aisle .
tr	NN	A quick shove forced me to slam into the guy in front of me , my hand grabbing his shoulder for balance .
tr	NN	The rustling of clothes brought his attention back to the present as Dee sorted through the box .
tr	NN	The fish 's tail pushed me and I fell into one of the portals ... .
tr	NNS	Just as surely as this transmission is being broadcast to our surviving brothers and sisters abroad , the invaders continue to be turned away .
tr	NNS	Two well-dressed , white-haired , grandmother types sat waiting for them .
tr	NNS	Those villages were full of civilians as well .
tr	NNS	The blades of the Grey Guard would cut the wagon to kindling as they tried to pass through their ranks .
tr	NN	A delicate blush tinted her cheeks .
tr	NN	But for now I must stay and take care of the remaining guards , create a diversion , a delay , something . "
tr	NNS	Lights twinkle in the dark , but they are not stars .
tr	NNS	Lit torches lined the tunnel every few feet on both sides , casting flickering shadows over the damp pathway .
tr	NN	A great roar bellowed from the pit and masked Willow 's screams .
tr	NNS	Words flowed in English .
tr	NN	A sob hitched in his throat and a short , low sound crossed his lips before he cut it off .
tr	NN	The crash orphaned most of those kids . "
tr	NNS	Birds and critters scattered then fell silent .
tr	NNS	The images inside Sammy were a chaotic swirl of teeth and claws , growls and screams .
tr	NN	Part of its charm was its lack of access to the outside world .
tr	NN	The sage once again placed his hand upon her lower back , guiding her toward the stairs that led to the second floor .
tr	NN	You might try the tents , " their leader said and pointed that way keen now , it seemed , to be rid of us .
tr	NN	His thrashing suddenly stops as I hear the door click closed behind me .
tr	NNS	In the highest peaks is where the highest of angels sit .
tr	NN	His sentence was still vibrant , inexhaustible .
tr	NNS	There are special software programs that do this .
tr	NNS	The blades were like something people used in movies about olden times .
tr	NN	A tremor shook her body .
tr	NNS	Reyes shoved Sabin , and the warrior stumbled backward .
tr	NNS	It 's time Americans understand that NASA is not leading us skyward , but rather is stifling space exploration .
tr	NN	The shooter took aim and fired .
tr	NNS	Potential land mines could be all around her and she would never know .
tr	NN	" Doug , the van 's exploding !
tr	NN	Conrad 's scowl told me he wasn 't amused .
tr	NN	Link would 've made fun of this guy .
tr	NN	The bright sunlight streaming through the window was at odds with the shadow that had fallen over her .
tr	NNS	Eve 's footsteps crunched in the patchy snow .
tr	NNS	The cells were too small for one man , tight quarters that resulted in bloody , brutal fistfights .
tr	NN	If you have a way to get down , head southwest and you should see the platforms not more than a few miles out . "
tr	NN	My uncle is my father 's brother , so he adopted me .
tr	NNS	" Remember what J.D. said ?
tr	NN	" Before the smudging , the entry mentions an offering of some kind .
tr	NN	A huge chip had formed in my thumbnail .
tr	NN	My filter must have been on a mojito fueled vacation because I gave it to him straight .
tr	NNS	Girls On Wednesday after school , Elena was talking Anna into going to a hairdressing salon her mother worked for .
tr	NN	The hard , insistent throbbing in her head and the horrid taste in her mouth made her ill .
tr	NNS	He couldn 't tell anymore if his eyes were open , couldn 't feel the creature 's paws pinning his arms and legs .
tr	NN	" The market 's open again .
tr	NN	This condition can clear up in a week , or go on for years or the rest of his life .
tr	NN	" And now ladies and gentlemen my willow will perform ... ta dum ! "
tr	NN	That werewolf had the scent of Winkler on him , along with a bit of Winkler 's blood .
tr	NN	" Happy birthday , Son , " he said .
tr	NNS	" Her expressions , her tone , her accent , while strange , are easy to understand .
tr	NNS	Things aren 't the same as they were . "
tr	NN	The deputy had no intentions of giving up his firearm .
tr	NN	" So tell me what it is that brings you here today , " the duke said , folding his wrinkled hands together .
tr	NN	The Program can erase anything .
tr	NNS	Heavy boards covered the windows .
tr	NN	Death for the dog would have been a certainty if Max hadn 't piled on the wolf at the last second .
tr	NNS	10mm slugs ricocheted around the landing sending chips flying everywhere and leaving craters in the wall .
tr	NN	Opening the first email has me and Cat first looking at each other and then back at the laptop .
tr	NN	Some dwarf did it an " want to make der trolls look bad , Kew Eee Dee . "
tr	NN	Grayson 's first instinct was to protect her .
tr	NN	The only proof was a cold wind burning the tips of their ears and cheeks .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared , but he seemed to rethink his belligerent attitude .
tr	NNS	His eyelids grew heavy as he pleasured himself .
tr	NNS	But the cabinets still remained , and Back Up had obviously caught the scent of something ... or someone .
tr	NNS	Any classes he gave would be with Prue .
tr	NN	Real rabbit fur slippers ?
tr	NNS	In the distance , police sirens wailed .
tr	NNS	Girls from Rosewood Day and some of the other private schools nudged each other and giggled at her as she 'd boarded this morning .
tr	NN	The intern sitting next to William 's painting shifts as if straining to hear .
tr	NN	The warrior spoke , " Now that sounds like a plan !
tr	NNS	" Your actions make that a gross understatement , and you have never been worthy of our people .
tr	NNS	Things kind of got worse at the till when she paid for the devil shoes .
tr	NN	The puppet appeared to be trying to comply , but instead took more steps without advancing .
tr	NN	But the crash had had the same effect on Ahmet 's vehicle .
tr	NNS	Things between Preston and I did start off with that . "
tr	NNS	Meanwhile , the " scholars " stood around nodding their head wisely as they " translate " the message for the confused " illiterate peasant . "
tr	NN	The professor 's Bengali accent was heavier than the weight of his baggies .
tr	NNS	His paws swung out towards me , and I shook it .
tr	NN	The surviving twin acquired that evil nature .
tr	NNS	When our group stepped down from the bus , the digital cameras remained strapped around necks , and for a long moment , everybody was silent .
tr	NN	The files online only went back to the sixties .
tr	NN	Even with Adam possessed , their cord remained .
tr	NNS	Not that the elaborate defenses were actually necessary .
tr	NN	His adrenaline kicked up again .
tr	NN	A loud roar came from the front of the building .
tr	NNS	Some competitors simply cannot bear to lose .
tr	NN	The slug drilled Jim between the eyes and exited in a mist of blood and brain and bone .
tr	NNS	Dogs and children gravitate naturally to my brother .
tr	NNS	All persons who were either not present at the rebellion or not old enough to remember its event must never learn of its existence .
tr	NNS	Others would like to lay hands on the treasure simply for the monetary value it represents .
tr	NNS	Morgan Enterprise 's investments plugged into fonts of power and influence generations of Kings could only fantasize about .
tr	NN	The chaplain swirled the brandy in the glass , his eyes following the brown liquid .
tr	NN	And a pungent smell that made my mouth water , though I never smelled anything like it before .
tr	NNS	All warriors drink deep after the battle .
tr	NN	A vortex opens in front of me like a gigantic eye .
tr	NNS	The very boards of the hull bent and let in the sea .
tr	NN	The firelight coming from the nearby courtyard provided enough light to make out three silhouettes .
tr	NNS	Nerves streaked through her belly .
tr	NNS	Soldiers were a superstitious bunch .
tr	NN	The plant had some problems last night , and he wants to check on the status .
tr	NNS	Questions ran through the old man 's mind .
tr	NNS	" Well , your abilities came from somewhere .
tr	NN	A palpable tremor rolled through him .
tr	NNS	Things were not going well .
tr	NNS	Screams reached my ears and tearing another rogue 's head from his shoulders ; I turned to the sound and froze .
tr	NN	The panel is dark . "
tr	NNS	Maybe there were some leftovers he could bury himself in .
tr	NN	The dark amber of his irises looked more wolf than human .
tr	NN	Her prey entered the gym and turned in the opposite direction , heading toward the restrooms just as Eve had guessed she would .
tr	NN	There was a rustle of paper , then the creaking of footsteps on the plywood floor .
tr	NN	I jumped up already nerve wrecked and smacked him playfully .
tr	NN	" I 'll take a double cheeseburger , French fries , and a strawberry milkshake , " the agent said .
tr	NNS	And these wolves are larger than either of us . "
tr	NN	Her disgust knew no bounds .
tr	NN	" Lady Anne was an excellent nursemaid and companion , " her uncle added .
tr	NNS	But the treetops were still , not a leaf rustled .
tr	NNS	Cherries , peaches , grapes , rolling hills of fruit for as far as the eye could see .
tr	NN	" And I think he knows what I am , " the angel declared .
tr	NN	The throbbing in my fingers wouldn 't deter me , so I knocked on the lid .
tr	NNS	And how about Carter , the chair of the Board and -- unfortunately for us -- one of the mayor 's greatest pals ?
tr	NN	The smaller goblin hurried to keep up with Jonty 's longer strides .
tr	NNS	Looks like she wants to tell me something but she ´ s not quite sure how .
tr	NNS	There were goblins who were assassins as a sideline , but they never took " jobs " where the victim was another goblin .
tr	NN	" The brat gave me a hickey . "
tr	NN	The tinge of apprehension was evident in Eli 's voice .
tr	NNS	My braces look the size of train tracks .
tr	NNS	Incredibly , bits of colored glass even quivered and slid away from the dais .
tr	NN	The maid laid our dresses on my empty bed , annoyed by my refusal to immediately cooperate .
tr	NNS	My other solutions were violent and I was trying to use those as little as possible .
tr	NN	Her agitation calmed ; her fingers relaxed .
tr	NNS	The members of the Guild of Assassins considered themselves cultured men who enjoyed good music and food and literature .
tr	NNS	" Your attempts at being clever aren 't serving you , Sentinel . "
tr	NNS	The emptiness in his voice cut at Jamie 's heart .
tr	NN	Now my grandmother also entered the room , straight as a ramrod , chin in the air .
tr	NN	Your cunning is second only to my own .
tr	NNS	The movies , for once , were right .
tr	NNS	The rosy peaks and the calm pool vanished also .
tr	NNS	A few bites , then I 'll find you an empty room and you can rest your head until Kat 's out of surgery . "
tr	NNS	Assassination attempts , murders , and more political machinations than I could keep track of had kept me from fulfilling it .
tr	NN	The paint was peeling off the ceiling , and I could hear the hum of traffic through the wall .
tr	NNS	That if something had happened to Mairi , then her two American aunts would not have been living their lives normally .
tr	NN	Now git on up there and git packed . "
tr	NN	This very Self is indeed That which you are seeking .
tr	NN	His bark is worse than his bite .
tr	NN	Her grandmother wasn 't happy about it and said such books could be found in every library .
tr	NN	There was also the added difficulty of searching through a facility that was never asleep .
tr	NNS	Those easy summers made possible by TriMet and the Oregon Bottle Bill were not to blame .
tr	NNS	An ibex approached , great horns coiled in arches behind its head .
tr	NN	A loud thud sounded , calling their attention away from one another .
tr	NNS	In contrast to the newly fallen snow , their edges were a deep , eternally cold blue .
tr	NNS	The cards were larger than regular playing cards .
tr	NNS	Then the warriors dispersed among the camp .
tr	NN	A tap sounded on the door .
tr	NN	When I picked up his clothes , the cleaner handed me some receipts that had been in his pocket .
tr	NN	" Doesn 't the singer look exactly like Bert from Sesame Street ? "
tr	NN	The madman always had trouble with other men who could channel .
tr	NN	For some reason , Crewe 's imploring of her has more weight than the captain 's did .
tr	NN	The guilt remained , gnawing at her insides despite her words .
tr	NNS	Security patrols will now begin a door-to-door search of every building in the Stadium .
tr	NNS	My heart races feverishly as the gas pedal sinks beneath my foot again .
tr	NNS	My girlfriends knew how much I wanted to be his girlfriend , so they planned a game of truth or dare .
tr	NN	The rebellion , widely known as Chaos .
tr	NNS	Nearly all users ( 87 % ) answered far more than the required two questions .
tr	NN	The steam , the landscape , the luxury , and the intemperance combined to heighten and intensify every experience for Goethe .
tr	NN	The garment was useful to shield his movements and conceal his weapons , but it was a distraction for climbing .
tr	NNS	His enormous tear drops were quickly building a puddle in the middle of the room .
tr	NN	Guys , the Dark will begin to be destroyed as of right now .
tr	NN	Some ambitious werewolf decided to make everyone happy by eliminating you . "
tr	NNS	Marius moved first to follow her .
tr	NNS	The warriors returned their weapons to their sheaths and looked to Nicola .
tr	NN	" I hope they 're satisfied now , " complained one unidentified neighbor .
tr	NNS	Mages were serious creatures that rarely laughed or showed their emotions to one another .
tr	NNS	But there were no guarantees .
tr	NN	Never before in history has someone made so large a challenge . "
tr	NN	Quiet lightning surges between us , a longing that cannot be channeled or contained .
tr	NNS	There were no pillows or blankets .
tr	NN	Lying in a heap on Millar 's floor all chewed up along with everything else . "
tr	NN	My arms are flailing , my pulse fitfully racing as I struggle to get my bearings .
tr	NN	Cold , without a jacket while growing weaker every moment , the chase had continued for over an hour .
tr	NN	Dimitri was good , a cunning and patient hunter who knew a net of pretty words would capture me faster and hold me tighter than any cage .
tr	NN	The sheriff who questioned me knows I was . "
tr	NN	The impotent ghost . "
tr	NNS	" Yeah , but all those other realities altered everyone 's mind as well didn 't they ?
tr	NN	" If it is acceptable to the pack , a smooth transition is best .
tr	NN	The Everlasting Storm impedes technology but enhances magic .
tr	NNS	Before I am able to learn to maneuver the blasts , the sirens come closer to me .
tr	NN	And how beautiful and meaningful this refuge was !
tr	NNS	These ladies want you out . "
tr	NNS	The creatures surged after him , but he blocked their way with his backpack .
tr	NN	Then , once more , his release erupted within her .
tr	NNS	At that point the species is smart enough to realise that .
tr	NNS	" The restaurants will be serving coffee and eggs and toast .
tr	NNS	Most notable were the changes in her beauty .
tr	NNS	There were many techniques a fraudulent medium might use to make her clients believe she was talking to their deceased loved ones .
tr	NNS	Lots of couples do .
tr	NN	The wall paint was thick and glossy , and the air smelled of chemicals and plastic .
tr	NN	Our only real option is to leave . "
tr	NNS	His tongue massages mine and makes me feel something I 've never felt before .
tr	NNS	Conscious creatures would 've died out long ago . "
tr	NN	The sergeant nodded , and then looked blankly at something in his own hand .
tr	NNS	The institutional gray filing cabinets piled with manila folders seemed close , and getting closer .
tr	NNS	The chances were a part of your fridge or microwave had passed through the Aubrey production line .
tr	NNS	Achilles may have been the ugliest man alive at that time .
tr	NNS	Thin strands of light and darkness flowed around him as Ashe stared at Randy Smith 's image .
tr	NN	Her large , open backyard was open to anyone 's imagination .
tr	NNS	" My cards are in my satchel .
tr	NNS	Twin spots of color appeared high on her cheeks .
tr	NNS	Looks like trouble in paradise , thought Amy as she went back to her lab .
tr	NN	That pit is what 's called a ground oven .
tr	NNS	Now , there were thousands of girls between 14 a 24 in the country .
tr	NNS	All the characters and events portrayed in this book are fictional and any resemblance to real people still alive today is purely coincidental .
tr	NNS	Were they sharing the same one ?
tr	NN	Anticipating the worst , the trio moved on down the hallways of black , obsidian glass .
tr	NNS	Gazing at his chiseled , masculine face changing expressions was a decadent pleasure .
tr	NNS	Large drops are pounding the windows of the landing .
tr	NNS	The sentences are too bloated with adjectives , because I can 't push the action ahead .
tr	NN	The tie passed in-between her fingers like an automated winch pulling a cable , lifting a muddy car out of the river .
tr	NNS	Alexis woke up the next morning with the photo still lying on her chest .
tr	NN	Their muffled chaos turns into white noise as I watch it unfold on my screen .
tr	NN	The knight reached down with his free hand .
tr	NNS	His pupils flared , almost obliterating the irises , her name rumbling low in his chest .
tr	NNS	And honestly , here in the Underworld , there aren 't many differences between them and us . "
tr	NN	There was a momentary lapse of silence when I swear no one breathed .
tr	NNS	" Most supernatural creatures will hesitate before killing a mortal police officer .
tr	NN	Thinking of Faith was always difficult .
tr	NNS	Gramps grins , raises his glass of lemonade , and takes a drink before setting it back on the table .
tr	NNS	The ladies always came quickly .
tr	NNS	The press gangs had done their work efficiently ; the husbands and fathers of this village were likely dead on some battlefield that no longer mattered .
tr	NNS	Images of Rose flashed in his mind .
tr	NNS	" The coaches can 't tell 'em to do that . "
tr	NN	Eloy gestured with his head in the direction The Boy had appeared .
tr	NN	A faint tremor still shook her hands and weakness lapped at her legs , but maybe she could make it through the rest of the night .
tr	NNS	To the south of the mainland , smaller peaks marked the Westman archipelago .
tr	NN	" That 's too bad , " the brunette said .
tr	NN	" A smoker is an informal tournament .
tr	NN	Storm watched her every time she spoke , and his eyes narrowed when she stepped all over the truth .
tr	NNS	Others , such as the European gothic cathedrals , through their delicate architecture and skyward reach , suggest the transcendence of the divine realm .
tr	NN	This Gabriel guy doesn ´ t make me feel welcomed .
tr	NNS	Barnabas said , rubbing a hand across the back of his neck .
tr	NNS	Ross 's part-time employers had laid off several people and now he was nervous about Sandy 's job .
tr	NN	The sharing between us only works one way . "
tr	NN	The hook dropped and the door opened slightly .
tr	NNS	Things were changing fast .
tr	NN	' The vent , ' he said .
tr	NN	The captain was also their minister , and no man was allowed to command unless he had received theological training . "
tr	NNS	The church ladies stopped and stared .
tr	NN	The wildly beating pulse in her neck quivered against his lips , then he outlined her ear with his tongue , nipped her lobe and eased back .
tr	NNS	Right now , there are some stores that have moved to the biometrics and some that haven 't .
tr	NNS	Words tumbled into each other .
tr	NN	However , her hunger seemed to not give up and so she was forced to get out of bed and walk down to the kitchen .
tr	NN	The trio walked along the valley .
tr	NNS	Instead , his movements were jerky and rigid , as if he were injured .
tr	NNS	Things are already weird enough as it is . '
tr	NN	Pulling into the garage , the agent parked next to Dylan 's brand new Aston Martin and turned off the ignition of her car .
tr	NN	Still , there before us was a solid mass of swirling , hovering , thick mist .
tr	NNS	My sources tell me that Goffman might want to litigate the case in Flagstaff since it 's a single plaintiff . "
tr	NN	Her suffering is unbearable to behold .
tr	NN	What we 'd created , the honesty of what we 'd shared .
tr	NNS	But the signs were there .
tr	NNS	Ignore the rules , do what you want , there are no consequences .
tr	NNS	My colleagues and I have no small influence in the court , and we can do much to safeguard your homeland .
tr	NNS	All his grandparents were alive ... he thought that was still true .
tr	NNS	In this , the uniforms might help or hinder .
tr	NN	There 's a ton of guys here , so don 't be shy . "
tr	NNS	There are too many witnesses for her to get out of this . "
tr	NNS	The digital creatures instead cannot bear being relegated in worlds too small for their unbounded ambitions .
tr	NNS	" Who are your suspects now ?
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared , and he took a big gulp of his wine .
tr	NN	The rumbling became louder .
tr	NN	Tension and emotion finally got the best of one of the them and he blurted out , " Go you crazy monkey !
tr	NN	The maid was exceedingly alluring .
tr	NN	About halfway to his car a creak issued from the house on the other side of the driveway .
tr	NN	The damage he caused enabled me to re-vamp the facilities here .
tr	NNS	The swirling colours materialised into a scene he had witnessed so many times before that he had lost count .
tr	NNS	High levels of violence still continued .
tr	NNS	Three pairs of brilliantly colored vampire eyes turned to me .
tr	NN	He wasn 't English , his accent was similar to some of the Russians you hear on TV , you know , in these spy thrillers . "
tr	NNS	Smells like you 're the shyster after one of my slaves . "
tr	NN	Every visible thing Ship did could be attributed to work at maintaining itself .
tr	NNS	The murmurs had grown into a larger tumultuous noise , causing Anakin to chuckle at Obi-Wan .
tr	NN	The most non-deterministic science of all is biology .
tr	NNS	At the horrific word , several couples turned to stare at me .
tr	NNS	The deepest drums slowed to the ominous and terrifying sound of a knell , and the deep whine of the Irish pipes was hypnotic .
tr	NNS	Images of him in a hammock at her Alabama condo didn 't make sense but felt so right .
tr	NNS	My apologies , " I reply , glad we can joke about this kind of thing .
tr	NNS	There were no beggars on the street and there were rows upon rows of quaint little houses all neatly manicured and freshly painted .
tr	NNS	The effects were , apparently , successful . "
tr	NN	Real estate development is a man 's game .
tr	NN	A gray sweater clings to her waist and breasts , and she looks effortlessly beautiful .
tr	NNS	Things worked out better than one could have imagined .
tr	NN	The secretary peeked her head inside the principal 's office and said , " She 's here , whenever you 're ready . "
tr	NN	Rex 's bike wobbled .
tr	NN	" Every prophecy has a loop hole .
tr	NN	" Your com setup here sucks . "
tr	NN	The veterinarian comes to check in on the horses .
tr	NN	There is a hatch at the top of the tower you see over there .
tr	NN	The audience broke out into whoops and cheers , and a thousand flashes lit up as photos snapped all over the room .
tr	NNS	The pills had been a godsend , allowing her to live a somewhat normal life for the first time in years .
tr	NNS	" Things are not always as they seem ... Tanis .
tr	NNS	Its ramifications go far beyond the mere inconvenience of your losing a job that I imagine you care little for anyway .
tr	NN	A pipe burst along the east wall of the sheriff 's department , flooding the evidence lock-up .
tr	NN	the male tender asked .
tr	NNS	A few short sentences from Grandma and his head drops doggedly .
tr	NN	The majority of the members of our pack were between the ages of nine and thirteen .
tr	NN	The teacher walked in and brought our attention back to the front of the room .
tr	NN	Their passion was fierce , smoldering .
tr	NN	The tomb continued to collapse behind him , imploding under the mountain 's weight .
tr	NN	But her hesitation and sudden silence had him wondering if he 'd made the right call .
tr	NN	Unfortunately , lack of work gave Kelly way too much time to think about herself , herself and Nash , and having slept with him last night .
tr	NN	" This bastard did . "
tr	NNS	But the wolves were seeing them now .
tr	NNS	A few weeks later , after we had finished the exam , our teachers started to distribute the papers .
tr	NNS	Things did not work out that way , he knew from experience , so what was this about ?
tr	NN	" That will do , thank you , " said the Ambassador , waving his clerk away angrily .
tr	NN	Its texture was chalky , and it had a slight , but distinct flavor to it .
tr	NNS	Even poor scruffy rats like me were allowed to attend . "
tr	NNS	The footsteps in the hall were closer now .
tr	NNS	The gas levels , I realized .
tr	NN	My uncle gave the most awkward hugs in history .
tr	NNS	Both tests produced the truncated readout .
tr	NN	" To the U.S. Marshall 's office on the 16th Floor , " the deputy said .
tr	NN	Were these folk so divergent they escaped the Laws of Nature ?
tr	NN	The dwarf shrugged , but there was a good-natured smile on his face .
tr	NN	And success in business meant that every week there was always something new for Tasha to see in town .
tr	NN	But the arrival of the shiny black car and the man leaning against it had occurred while he 'd been talking with Meg and Simon .
tr	NNS	Her mother 's monitors fluttered and squeaked .
tr	NN	" My birthmark , " she whispered then turned around fast toward the opposite wall a blade appeared in her hand .
tr	NN	As Ashley headed toward her desk , her supervisor , Shane Miller , approached her .
tr	NNS	Sirens were wailing on the night air .
tr	NN	The captain returned it , then passed his hand over the image .
tr	NN	Her first sentence will be Pig Latin .
tr	NN	Julia didn 't ask them to sit down , although Gretchen realized , scanning the room , there wasn 't an inch of extra space .
tr	NN	The second layer , the layer of water , was cold and wet and turbulent .
tr	NNS	' Things do evolve around here .
tr	NNS	The basics remained the same , but everything was slowed down .
tr	NN	What is Ferry doing ?
tr	NNS	" Your paintings are much more valuable than a dumb vase . "
tr	NNS	His activities give him something to look forward to , and his schedule helps him feel grounded . "
tr	NNS	Her classmates teased her about not having a real daddy . "
tr	NNS	Some sentences and phrases almost cut themselves .
tr	NNS	Your directions to us were pretty specific .
tr	NNS	Nerves buzzed in her stomach .
tr	NN	Love took a mouthful of hot liquid and set his mug back down on the desk .
tr	NNS	The gates here have opened , Natalie .
tr	NNS	The harsh planes of his face relax slightly .
tr	NN	His Grandmother lived next door to Mae Smith .
tr	NNS	The shots didn 't perturb the juggernauts at all .
tr	NN	Didn 't your daddy and I give up our jobs and go on tour with you because you wanted this ?
tr	NN	The examiner found extremely high amounts of diazepam in her bloodstream .
tr	NN	The election is less than two years away . "
tr	NN	The invisible tether extending her into the sky snapped tight , and instantly she was back inside her body .
tr	NN	A clamor resulted as his hammers battered another , even as a multitude of merciless blades penetrated his furry robes .
tr	NN	Real fur , soft and nearly alive , pressed against my hip .
tr	NNS	There simply weren 't any seats available for the next few days .
tr	NN	Her notebook covered the seat on her opposite side .
tr	NN	Each night a different tribe or troupe performed in the lobby for the tourists , dancing their traditional tribal dances .
tr	NN	That madman had produced a whole pack of these savage Iridium Project knockoffs .
tr	NNS	Now there were ice chips in those depths and damned if she didn 't find them just as attractive .
tr	NN	A goblin in overalls was loading a plumber 's van in front of a tired townhome .
tr	NN	How can some treasure hunter have enough skill to protect someone ? "
tr	NNS	Know where the cameras are .
tr	NN	His relaxed posture , leaning back into the chair with his feet resting on the lower railing of the deck .
tr	NN	The two men exchange looks .
tr	NN	Reality hit her hard enough to force the breath from her lungs .
tr	NNS	There were no attempts at gender equality in this household .
tr	NN	Immediately the intricately wrought gates parted , revealing a short driveway that led to a sprawling Spanish bungalow .
tr	NN	A lieutenant hovered behind her , waiting to take his seat if she managed to talk him into leaving the CIC .
tr	NNS	Farther down the street from where she 'd parked , Marietta 's stores looked quiet today .
tr	NN	' Sure , no cocky behaviour today . '
tr	NN	The chanting reached a crescendo .
tr	NNS	The seas first fell , then rose , and ultimately came to rest at more or less the present shoreline .
tr	NNS	Reyes might have gasped .
tr	NN	Even with the aid of the white water mist power , the toll on the body physically was great .
tr	NNS	" Watch it , losers , " Rodney said , and shoved Tuck into the dashboard of the bus .
tr	NNS	" Well , ladies , how do you think we did ? "
tr	NN	The share market on the other hand had responded positively to it .
tr	NNS	The images from the grizzly , full color accident photos flashed in his mind , and he flinched .
tr	NNS	Bugs proposed with frustration while pointing at the former location of a Nursing Spirit poster .
tr	NNS	Others in the war room had many questions , but Betty had not the ability to give answers .
tr	NN	Part of her wanted to scream for them to stop .
tr	NN	The Masters of the Oxford synagogues came to our house regularly to consult with my father .
tr	NN	- The commander stood a moment , taken by surprise .
tr	NN	A mutter arose from the hundreds of mouths , as the audience did not know whether to take the boy seriously or not .
tr	NN	Just yards from the shore behind a clump of trees , an industrial plant of some kind was visible from the air , but not the ground .
tr	NN	The original elder then spoke .
tr	NN	A sudden roar made him jump and spin around , his heart thudding .
tr	NN	His morning routine had been the same for the past eight years : breakfast with the population and then an escort to the office .
tr	NN	Tell me , did you at least get to punch the fucker before your manservant blew his brains out ? "
tr	NN	Her impish twin crinkled her nose with an unspoken sorry .
tr	NN	" After your speech , sweetheart , who do you think would win ? "
tr	NN	The garage was dark back there .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , my sneakers decided to play hide and seek .
tr	NN	There was a lack of inhibition at mealtimes , a sense of horseplay that could degenerate into something more serious at a trifle .
tr	NNS	The drums have bungs connected to winches on shore ; if the Germans come , all they have to do is fire up the winches .
tr	NNS	Sadness mingled with relief .
tr	NNS	" Things escalated rapidly .
tr	NNS	" Body builders use these supplements . "
tr	NNS	Both programs were also 2-2 at home , which was a goal from the beginning -- protect your home court !
tr	NNS	And the gates where thrown open .
tr	NN	As he caressed her ankles , the sparkle abandoned his eyes .
tr	NNS	His eyelids fluttered open and he saw Haven .
tr	NNS	The two guardians of evil stood and reset themselves .
tr	NN	The glass panel was sliding down .
tr	NNS	The room continues to ebb and flow , several spots forming whirlpools as the liquid rapidly drains up through the ceiling .
tr	NNS	Others would find it strange a man did not take pleasure in his wine .
tr	NN	" The flute , " she said to herself .
tr	NNS	The gills along Serena 's neck flare .
tr	NNS	Our tongues played together while I got into a steady groove .
tr	NNS	The ramifications of the vote could not be more serious .
tr	NN	Police tape was across the doors .
tr	NNS	The chances of them discovering anything about me and Elijah are a lot lower than them finding out I 'm in love with our enemy .
tr	NNS	Her sobs were much like his own , though he had no tears for them .
tr	NN	Each student of mischief received seven quick kicks to the face before stumbling backwards and shaking their heads .
tr	NNS	Great horns protruded from the head .
tr	NN	The author appreciates your enjoyment of this work and any recommendation you would like to make to other readers .
tr	NNS	Or rather , two notorious bachelors and one notorious groom , Sawyer amended .
tr	NN	A puff of smoke came from the exhaust , and one or two men coughed in the group .
tr	NNS	The detectives whirled around to face the man that had quietly entered .
tr	NNS	Whatever she and Miranda had been doing upstairs with those tarot cards had really made her nervous .
tr	NNS	There were hits with most of the names -- twenty-seven in total .
tr	NN	' Why 's the spider wasting all that time spinning webs ? '
tr	NNS	There 's two types of people here .
tr	NNS	She had not noticed the disarray , objects piled in corners and papers flung over every surface .
tr	NN	Dove was too gentle to put up much of a fight .
tr	NN	Meaning you 've never ... " " Nope .
tr	NN	Her honesty was refreshing .
tr	NN	" Ok , get out . "
tr	NNS	The fortified steel gates surround us as we near the entry point .
tr	NN	Part of me wanted to leave before anyone could leave me .
tr	NN	Burying her emotions created a safe environment , why dig herself out of that shelter now .
tr	NNS	No , really , there were indications before that . "
tr	NNS	Massive iron bars appeared to have grown out of the stone floor and into the thick beams in the ceiling .
tr	NNS	I see myself , my ideas , being accepted by something or someone greater than us , " I respond .
tr	NNS	Lots of people took pictures .
tr	NNS	But then , Cameron 's usual ladies were courtesans , merry widows , and women whose reputations had been soiled long before they took up with him .
tr	NN	But Sam 's injury had opened my eyes .
tr	NN	The low growl filled the room like thunder , sending the journal tumbling to the table .
tr	NNS	Then chills and pain so bad you can hardly breathe .
tr	NNS	" Others are to blame , others who sucked your father dry , who took and took and never gave in return .
tr	NN	In the small town , below the monastery havoc was wreaked .
tr	NN	My self-esteem was blossoming and I had Adam to thank for that .
tr	NN	Kimber 's aura went crazy again , and I sighed .
tr	NNS	Jack had told him the losers would volunteer at the home for the elderly .
tr	NNS	His cheekbones could cut leather , and his lips were the most perfect shade of rose .
tr	NN	The illusion that this technique could be mastered easily spread and under the pressure of lobbies impatient to obtain profits , it was extended to other sectors .
tr	NN	The tiny T-shirt came next .
tr	NNS	More blades flashed in the sun .
tr	NN	His new challenge was no longer his opponent but a growing numbness .
tr	NN	And in just a few verses , the audience was in love .
tr	NNS	Because of the mess she was currently in , there were several possibilities open to him , and all would end in the same way .
tr	NN	Love is an irresistible , selfless giving .
tr	NN	Her daddy had said a really bad word and asked Papa when they all just got to be happy again .
tr	NN	The young warrior laughed , " Probably , but I am not concerned .
tr	NNS	Images of Jessica lying in a pool of her own blood from her slashed wrists burned in my mind .
tr	NNS	They ask questions , witnesses only answer . "
tr	NNS	" No worries hun .
tr	NNS	The coaches told me later I ran a 53.2 third leg .
tr	NN	Like many scientific breakthroughs , such a discovery was equal parts brilliance and luck .
tr	NNS	Pretty soon , if they haven 't already , the ladies here will start doubting the truth they know and absorbing the lies .
tr	NN	The bison cheeseburger was surprisingly good .
tr	NNS	* * * The siblings were going to kill me for bringing wolves into the house .
tr	NNS	Reyes ran a fingertip along the wood .
tr	NN	There was no railing , allowing his toes to curl over the side .
tr	NN	" Ah , our Junior Commander . "
tr	NN	" So how was the paint ? "
tr	NN	In addition , the murderer could be far away when the actual death occurred . "
tr	NN	A bullet zipped by his head , searing pain ripping through his face as it grazed his cheek .
tr	NN	There was a chip on the lip of it , and he ran his thumb over the exposed ceramic .
tr	NN	The meteorite is a fake ?
tr	NNS	In those days changes took a long time .
tr	NNS	The present leaders , of course , insisted on retaining the areas they already controlled .
tr	NNS	Some areas hunted them down to make them slaves or , as some documents indicated , pets .
tr	NNS	Shouts from the trees around the road told me we were rapidly being surrounded , but I couldn 't see by whom yet .
tr	NNS	Things that try too hard to be funny often aren 't .
tr	NNS	Okay , two dark spots , Ashlyn mused .
tr	NN	Smoke and steam came out of the main doorway , which had been burst open by a battering ram .
tr	NNS	Her wrists lapped over each other at the base of his neck .
tr	NN	Silver , as he was called , glanced down at the staff and sighed .
tr	NNS	From below came angry growls , shrill feral whines .
tr	NN	A rivalry that still existed even though somewhat softened since Emilio entered the fold .
tr	NNS	There 're still items on it . '
tr	NNS	There were no such sharp changes in the Arizona desert , just heat , heat , heat .
tr	NN	Even as she thought it , chill white determination flooded her .
tr	NNS	The Palace Soldiers cast their swords towards the rebels .
tr	NNS	Hands shove me forward .
tr	NN	The insanity turned into rage , and she would often direct that rage at us .
tr	NNS	The glow beneath my hand flares and then the light fades as the final burst of energy escapes my corporeal confines .
tr	NNS	And her cheekbones were even more pronounced than her husband 's .
tr	NNS	Marius laughed and lightly tapped the door .
tr	NN	The rented trailer was soon to arrive with furniture .
tr	NNS	Words swarmed my mind , angry and stinging every inch of me , and I tried in vain to f ind the right ones to say .
tr	NNS	Your actions could cause severe consequences with our tribal negotiations .
tr	NN	The minor condom speed bump had little effect on their momentum .
tr	NN	All around , the square had erupted in chaos .
tr	NNS	The media arrived later but were kept far away from the scene as the police roped off the entire block .
tr	NN	The sheriff and Agatha agreed to call the leaders of the events to let them know of their decision , and the meeting was adjourned .
tr	NN	The market building itself was typical of large Victorian buildings , but it was complimented by a clock tower built the following year in 1864 .
tr	NN	Jazz woke up alone , to the blaze of overhead lights .
tr	NN	There were a ton of crates in there holding probably enough for us all to live on for a couple weeks , at least .
tr	NN	The honesty was thrilling to him .
tr	NN	I mean , optimism saved my ass . "
tr	NN	A good leader understood that he had to make decisions among the various shades of gray .
tr	NNS	The tightness in my chest constricted and was now vacillating between annoyance and anxiety , and I fell into my office chair .
tr	NN	The guilt was even stronger than her craving for a cigarette .
tr	NNS	Romulus nodded slowly , sitting on the ground beside a fire of smoldering ashes .
tr	NN	The pattern of gore made it look like something had been eviscerated .
tr	NNS	" Names aren 't important , friend .
tr	NN	His tail lashed out , winding around her waist and lifting her seconds before they all crashed into the hard , unforgiving earth .
tr	NNS	Tiny , circular metal gears spilled out like maggots , and Paul fought the urge to gag .
tr	NNS	His night-vision goggles picked up the glow from the weapon still tangled around Stella 's torso .
tr	NN	Their exchange was passionate and angry and forgiving , as raw and tender as their emotions .
tr	NN	After the sentries were in place , the observation covered about two miles in either direction , up and down the river .
tr	NNS	The eggs were a farm of maggots and locusts fighting for space on the plates .
tr	NNS	The letters pronounced it boldly , a scathing condemnation .
tr	NN	Jake nodded back and then instantly turned to me , the polite indifference in his expression melting as his eyes roamed my face .
tr	NN	Perhaps adrenaline was responsible for both her strength that night and the selective amnesia that followed .
tr	NNS	" All members of Intelligence have heightened access .
tr	NNS	The elves took every advantage over the mortals who could not uncover the falsities by which the elves maintained their ascendance .
tr	NNS	" I have a friend for life , " placing the mouth piece then leathers reins over his messy mane .
tr	NN	The mortar even looked dirty .
tr	NN	A hunger like he 'd never known ... He gazed at her neck once more .
tr	NN	Part of my job as team captain was surveying and closing up the women 's locker room before we left .
tr	NN	Having bathed their fill , the tramp , dog and snake formed themselves into a line like happy and contented soldiers .
tr	NNS	There were three floors , with an escalator to each .
tr	NN	The dragon was black but every scale was tipped a deep blue , just like Josef 's hair .
tr	NN	There 's a balance to nature .
tr	NNS	Two EMS technicians immediately went to work .
tr	NN	A single scratch can result in a life-threatening infection . "
tr	NN	Where are your gunpowder and the bullets ? "
tr	NN	" There is one favor I 'd like to ask . "
tr	NNS	The newspapers alluded to the fact that he ran off .
tr	NN	The airport may have been footing the bill for her trip to Bozeman , but that didn 't mean she shouldn 't tip the driver .
tr	NNS	The elevators were both numerous and fast and , so far , reliable .
tr	NNS	And after a split second daze , the bystanders continued on their way , once again oblivious .
tr	NN	Sophie 's first instinct was to say no , but she hesitated .
tr	NNS	" Her aunts should know where she is . "
tr	NNS	His possessive instincts surged through his body as he gazed at her , so innocent and vulnerable as she slept .
tr	NNS	His actions made it clear .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of my mother came to light and her joyous laughter echoed in my head .
tr	NNS	" Much like a soldier during times of war , mages become isolated , knowing little beyond the people and circumstances surrounding them .
tr	NNS	" Come here , " Julia whispers , pulling Elijah to his first Annunciation of the day .
tr	NNS	All candidates led to Juliette .
tr	NN	His accent was coarse , and typically " New York " .
tr	NNS	Her whispers were quiet , but they held so much weight .
tr	NNS	Reyes was aware of other wolves nearby .
tr	NN	The pen scratched across paper on Merrill 's desk .
tr	NNS	Have locks put on the windows too .
tr	NN	There was a scuffle a little way away as a couple of his customers tried to stop Lifton from running into the building .
tr	NN	Latest edition with lots of brand-new unused Charms , which I suppose should have warned me .
tr	NNS	Our red lasers tear through the thrusters , leaving two smoking , gaping holes in the bottom of the metal tube .
tr	NNS	Words are too simple to describe the magic that just took place .
tr	NNS	When Ink shook him , L.J. 's eyelids fluttered open , revealing glassy eyes .
tr	NNS	Then the good ladies of the family set off to the kirk where John was waiting .
tr	NN	A quiet rustle followed the silence .
tr	NN	My cubby is your cubby .
tr	NN	A red haze covered his vision .
tr	NN	The commander had only meant for them to investigate .
tr	NNS	Looks like it 's not about to cave in . "
tr	NN	The actual route taken by the drug mules starts at the Mexican border .
tr	NN	The pilot started getting nervous about the ash that had settled in the engine .
tr	NN	The factual manner that Quickly is using to describe the process does not prevent my heart from pounding in my chest .
tr	NNS	Nose wrinkling , the animal turned its head , hesitated then changed directions , skirting the limb completely before disappearing under a thistle .
tr	NN	The damage was quite extensive not to mention that both of the EMTs in the ambulance needed to go to the hospital . "
tr	NNS	Indians are now even changing their personal Gods , let alone their leaders .
tr	NNS	Broken tiles littered the floor .
tr	NNS	Then , like a deflected wave , thousands of gold and black Cyclops turned at an angle and moved southeast .
tr	NN	If this was some kind of protective shield , then maybe the shield would materialize around me , just as it had for Ms. Terwilliger .
tr	NN	" What 's an STD panel ? "
tr	NNS	Waves of revulsion crawled over her as his hot , stinking breath washed over her neck .
tr	NNS	My eyelids drifted shut .
tr	NN	This new arrival glanced at me curiously as she walked past to the huddled form in the bushes .
tr	NNS	" Things would have remained perfect , " de Grenier said , " if you had remained dead .
tr	NNS	Gorgeous hardwood floors shone to a bright polish , and it was all cheerfully decorated in yellow and gray .
tr	NN	His deep chuckle when he noticed her blush deepening ... His instantaneous reaction eased her embarrassment over her boldness .
tr	NN	His lovemaking was slow , languorous , each stroke measured , concentrating the pleasure on the point where their bodies joined as one .
tr	NNS	The butterflies in my stomach suddenly went alive .
tr	NN	The toying timbre of Bennett 's voice made her skin crawl .
tr	NN	What was the trick ?
tr	NN	A ceramic jar held needles for acupuncture .
tr	NNS	More riddles , " I said , crossing my arms .
tr	NNS	You , on the other hand - " " Yeah , well , your actions speak for themselves . "
tr	NNS	The tests showed nothing that they didn 't already know .
tr	NN	Steely determination rises within me .
tr	NNS	Besides , he pointed out , there were great restaurants within easy walking distance with whom he was on excellent terms .
tr	NN	Like Rosa scoring her first goal , ' she expounded , sadness sitting on her heart like a lead weight .
tr	NN	The cart bumped against the first fallen tree , going no farther .
tr	NN	A deafening thud came from the other side of the door , and the hinges screamed in pain .
tr	NN	" But I was left here for eight years , " argued the former catholic priest .
tr	NN	Ocean 's Eleven did not make the buddy movie popular !
tr	NNS	His decision-making skills in combat and his reflexes have made his strike team the most effective the training center has seen in years . "
tr	NNS	The banks will open in Europe after midnight , California time .
tr	NN	A carpet of vibrant , green grass surrounded me , layered with the petals of flowering trees .
tr	NNS	Our privately contracted escorts delivered us into their custody almost immediately upon exiting the plane .
tr	NNS	Then those spikes scurried off the creature 's back and appeared to be scouring the black algae from the damp rocks .
tr	NNS	" The villages up ahead all seem to be deserted and mostly in ruins .
tr	NNS	Reyes , come back to me .
tr	NN	But all I had was a red Moleskine notebook .
tr	NN	My hip buzzed a second later , Nick alerting me to his arrival .
tr	NN	And just what else has my Nicky been kind enough to do ?
tr	NNS	His three cousins appeared in the corridor holding lanterns .
tr	NN	" That 's okay , " the confident blonde said .
tr	NNS	The green embroidered seats looked newly upholstered .
tr	NNS	His own eyelids felt heavy in the dim room with the scented smoke and muffled echoes .
tr	NNS	Desire pools low in my belly and heat shoots down my legs .
tr	NNS	The opening credits of the movie roll and the imposing orchestral sound track swells , filling the room .
tr	NN	Her melody was strange , hypnotic and languorous .
tr	NN	Chance rubbed his hand over his jaw , and his palm rasped against the dark stubble there .
tr	NNS	" The flying cameras have captured faces which the recognition program has identified as belonging to the terrorists . "
tr	NNS	The cameras entered the bloodstream as an untidy , disorganized mass , a kind of buzzing cloud within the blood .
tr	NNS	Even though we knew what the risks were .
tr	NNS	Your worries are taking their toll . "
tr	NNS	" Things are horribly busy , but you know what ?
tr	NN	The receptionist suddenly reappeared from behind the wall .
tr	NN	A thrill ran through Sally .
tr	NNS	The shots might be staged , but William 's emotions will be real .
tr	NNS	The ladies behind me let out small giggles when I looked back at them and shrugged my shoulders .
tr	NNS	Some people 's travels lasted one day , others two days , and yet others who doubled back through time involuntarily for several weeks .
tr	NN	But from this pair 's description , their uncle was more concerned with his coffers than his kin .
tr	NN	What will you stake as you send gamble with the lives of thousands of soldiers ? "
tr	NNS	Its tiny scales gleamed shades of red and blue , and its wings were ornately colored with spots of bright yellow .
tr	NNS	Some legends , a demon had once jeered at him , proclaimed him to be a three-headed centaur .
tr	NN	This weave is stronger than normal glamour , and won 't fray if you happen to touch anything made of iron .
tr	NN	A curl of the stone dragon 's tail circled the hole .
tr	NNS	Looks gross , doesn 't it ?
tr	NNS	Their minds will be more open then .
tr	NNS	Reyes blinked a couple of times , his mouth agape .
tr	NN	" Leading the army right to us , " says the birthmark .
tr	NNS	Things have changed , and are still changing .
tr	NN	The front page said See Me After Class , by Ezra Fitz in boldface .
tr	NNS	The video images shook as I landed in the cargo area of the van .
tr	NN	The topside government in this part of the world had gone so dully bureaucratic that it routinely wrote off even huge assets .
tr	NN	He bent down , cursing , fumbling for them on the carpet , grabbed them and slid the key into the lock .
tr	NNS	His feeble wisps of blue light wrestled with the oncoming horde of black limbs , but lost .
tr	NN	The squirrel had retreated to the roof , running back and forth , raging at Tom .
tr	NN	The shield she 'd cultivated for many years was gone , shredded .
tr	NN	Part of me wants to talk to someone about what Mrs. Bowen asked of me , but a larger part doesn 't want to say anything .
tr	NN	There was no explanation I could think of that would make sense ; there was no explanation I could even give them period .
tr	NNS	His passions ran hotter in the velvet darkness .
tr	NN	Its mate splashes down nearby .
tr	NNS	Somehow , the dead surroundings came to life ; there was a sense of vibration .
tr	NNS	Barnabas could only scoff , " Bah , the only thing that this boy will bring us is fortune .
tr	NN	Dusky crimson gloom fell about me once more , with baleful green eyes moving in it , in the farther end of the temple .
tr	NN	The transport screamed through space as though Death itself was chasing them .
tr	NNS	And the tunnels in this city were no place for a terrified rat to be running .
tr	NNS	The dark colors worked perfectly it hide the armpit sweat but did little to shield him from the less then desired propositions .
tr	NN	In other words , the seed or genesis for each and every plant that has ever existed on the earth .
tr	NN	The agent halted and looked nervously down at his feet .
tr	NNS	The other wolves went silent and looked at their former leader burning into ashes .
tr	NNS	Things are a fair bit better at home .
tr	NNS	Long-range scans revealed four medium-sized ships in its immediate vicinity .
tr	NNS	Hands grabbed his arms , keeping him upright .
tr	NNS	The Johnson toddlers sensed the trouble more than understood it , and rushed to their mommy .
tr	NNS	The elevators weren 't hard to find .
tr	NN	The trio of Brutes , growing weary of searching an empty room , sheathed their weapons and left .
tr	NNS	The large ice spikes cracked once they touched the ceiling and steam erupted from the tips .
tr	NNS	Mackie pulled Ally close , felt the dampness of her hair soak into his neck .
tr	NN	Eventually our friendly academic rivalry blossomed into a strange kind of friendship .
tr	NNS	Lights were everywhere , bright colors and banners .
tr	NNS	Looks like he can pick just about anything . "
tr	NNS	Our origins come from the same area , but we are much older .
tr	NNS	The edges of her dream faltered .
tr	NN	My pulse was fast from fear , not exertion .
tr	NN	Beyond the double doors was a breathtakingly beautiful undercover courtyard that was easily the size of half a football field .
tr	NN	But horrified screams of " Look out !
tr	NNS	Three petals lay at the base of the green stem .
tr	NNS	Guardians dealt in death .
tr	NNS	There were little emerald jewels glued among the flowers and in her hair , which echoed the dazzling real ones in her necklace .
tr	NN	" Where 's a flashlight ?
tr	NN	The other leapt to the ground , slowing moving forward to ensure every bullet stuck home with the maximum damage .
tr	NN	An income partner whom Sasha liked a great deal had come to work every day during her chemotherapy treatment .
tr	NN	" The healer is near .
tr	NN	By the time she had straightened , or had straightened as much as she could without smacking her head , the gargoyle had turned to stone .
tr	NNS	" Your coins are rings ? "
tr	NN	Casting the parchment aside , the hermit snatched a green backpack , shrugging it on as he dove through the misshapen hole and out of the ship .
tr	NNS	All the ice lizards ran away .
tr	NN	The footman jumped down to help the duke into the carriage .
tr	NN	The warrior rolled back his head , roaring with laughter .
tr	NNS	Images of the fresh born baby flooded into her mind and she seemed detached from all around her .
tr	NNS	Kids dying , lives ruined , that 's acceptable , the cost of doing business .
tr	NN	Unfortunately , I remembered every bump and grind , every hip thrust .
tr	NN	Nausea threatened to finish off her perfectly crappy day .
tr	NN	" Signor Scarlatti the younger , " said the master of ceremonies , " playing the harpsichord . "
tr	NN	The paint 's making my face itchy , thou .
tr	NN	When he awoke , the castle was quieting down .
tr	NN	So fucking complicated it made him want to smash his head against a wall .
tr	NNS	Lights , indicators , meters and dials , flowed wildly .
tr	NN	And there was no pepper to be found at all , not in any of the stalls in the agora or the back alley markets either .
tr	NNS	" Things that make people laugh at me ... you 're like a bully . "
tr	NN	Alexia careful y removed one glove and reached down .
tr	NN	" That 's be fine , my secretary will provide you with the address and pass number . "
tr	NN	Danni 's notebook and pen slid to the floor as she crawled into Darren 's lap and began kissing him while her hands explored his body .
tr	NNS	" The aliens are my friends too .
tr	NNS	" For heaven sakes Charles !
tr	NN	The crash of the front door made him start violently .
tr	NN	A grunt of pain let him know he hit something .
tr	NNS	The Soldiers of Skulls and Bones Attack the Orphans The wagon moved along the narrow path leading through the forests of the Mountains of the Angels .
tr	NN	The lieutenant and his commander stared at the three children .
tr	NN	What 's her surname ? "
tr	NN	The cafeteria was white and smooth and high .
tr	NNS	But sometimes ideas came to her in a flash , allowing her to see a complete picture all at once where other people saw only fragments .
tr	NNS	When I looked up , his pupils were completely white .
tr	NN	The intruder is sure to be back tonight .
tr	NNS	* In the face of these ironies , the courts hesitated to interfere with animal experimentation .
tr	NNS	Strong colors didn 't work on her , but earth tones did .
tr	NNS	" Your goons killed another one of my girls tonight . "
tr	NN	As Logan let out a strained breath , a thrill went through me .
tr	NN	" Yes , and thank you , " the 9-1-1 operator said .
tr	NNS	The daggers cut into the tops of Uncle Kar 's and Aunt Maya 's fingers , blood welling .
tr	NN	The liquid popped up , splashing over the oak surface .
tr	NNS	A man 's slurred shouts boomed from the next room .
tr	NN	I stare at him for a moment , a wisp of a smile skirts across my mouth .
tr	NN	Okay , a small tank but it still looked like it could hold its own on the battlefield .
tr	NN	Part of me was afraid Graham would use this as an excuse to back out .
tr	NNS	Jace 's drawing skills might have been poor , but his strategy was faultless .
tr	NNS	Things he still didn 't have a firm grip on understanding .
tr	NNS	Questions bounced around the halls , loud voices demanding to be heard .
tr	NNS	Mr. Earl is always nagging at her to change it , says dinosaurs in this day and age are disturbing . "
tr	NNS	Rain obscured the view , softened the hard steel edges of the high-rise buildings .
tr	NNS	Their bellies were full , and now when they stretched out and relaxed , they began to slumber .
tr	NNS	Things will come right .
tr	NN	A firestorm was coming towards him , rolling across the adjacent mountains and valleys with a mix of thunder , flames , sand , and destruction .
tr	NN	A real quantum leap up ze pyramid .
tr	NN	" Why didn 't your grandmother or your mother come back and break the curse ? "
tr	NN	the C-130 pilot yelled as he pushed the yoke forward dropping the nose of the plane into a dive .
tr	NNS	The toddlers were learning to fly on bats .
tr	NNS	Soft currents from the couch stilled Mira 's mind .
tr	NN	" Let 's sit down , " Chance said .
tr	NNS	Suddenly there were two more muffled shots from the house and lights were coming on all over .
tr	NN	" Attention all prisoners of Rome , " suddenly announced a Roman priest outside the room .
tr	NNS	Joseph 's nostrils flared with anger as he nodded .
tr	NNS	Apparently , the pills worked very fast .
tr	NN	With newfound hope in their hearts , the tribe set forth for the valley behind the mountain crevice , led by their moon warrior .
tr	NN	Hello , said the little clay spider , in his mind .
tr	NNS	The colours were too much .
tr	NNS	With missions as delicate as the Legacy was designed to do , the government authorities wanted safeguards in place .
tr	NNS	The sirens were still roaring .
tr	NNS	Others claimed me for months , a couple for years .
tr	NNS	But alternate realities are more like a network , like a spider 's web . '
tr	NNS	No rushing footsteps as people went to check on the prisoners .
tr	NNS	Different locations offer different solutions .
tr	NNS	All the stalls were empty .
tr	NN	What I want to know is , where is the other werewolf ? "
tr	NN	Before I could say something else the snake vanished .
tr	NNS	Things were not going smoothly at home .
tr	NNS	Others would arrive , take a seat and , not knowing what to say , would just sit silently for what seemed like hours at a time .
tr	NNS	Before the battle was lost , the elves had dealt with most of the Golems by incinerating them .
tr	NN	The castle is just a bunch of rocks and in another thousand years even those rocks will be gone .
tr	NN	He glanced at his watch , then nodded his approval .
tr	NNS	And then his new siblings , new parents , would likely hate him .
tr	NNS	There are a few distant cousins , but we don 't keep in touch . "
tr	NN	A long forgotten pledge flashed inside his head .
tr	NN	His accent didn 't sound British , though .
tr	NN	No offense to Tom , but it 's weird to see my mom with someone else .
tr	NNS	The stiffness in her arms made the simple tasks a study in soreness but her mind was elsewhere .
tr	NNS	The signs just aren 't there .
tr	NN	the captain gasped when he saw them .
tr	NNS	Trading insults and barbs wasn 't on my to-do list right now .
tr	NNS	Other members of the court joined them , along with servants and men from the stables .
tr	NNS	Otherwise my fears were running away with themselves and casting adrift me in a dark place , a place I yearned to avoid .
tr	NNS	Perhaps other artists do not think of it that way , but to me it is perfection .
tr	NN	She tilted her head up to look at him , an enticing smile playing on her lips .
tr	NNS	Starbucks drops a sickle and goes for the shotgun , but my laser rifle is already raised .
tr	NNS	The squeals turned to groans of dismay .
tr	NNS	And as normal cats go , their smarts didn 't reach that far .
tr	NNS	In the carriage children laughed , young couples necked ; old ladies did their knitting , needles clicking .
tr	NN	And then suddenly , the first tiny sliver of the rising sun rose red between the hills and the crowd erupted in raucous whoops and shouts .
tr	NNS	" Our kissing styles probably aren 't compatible . "
tr	NNS	My traveling companions are all soldiers .
tr	NNS	All the facts will still be the same anyway . "
tr	NN	That reflection looked a lot like you , Derrick . "
tr	NN	The government -- California 's if not the Feds -- would surely get the priorities , make the investments , help the sick and dying .
tr	NN	My access rig is really olden , totally external .
tr	NN	Chapter Twenty Four Thaw For the next two days the routine that had been forced upon the eight individuals scarcely altered .
tr	NN	The mob was only seconds away .
tr	NNS	The floors were both soft and solid at the same time , and everywhere he looked Nick saw double .
tr	NNS	Recent disappearances would be in the indigent population , beggars , prostitutes , homeless people .
tr	NN	And an owl has just landed on my head . '
tr	NN	Knowing of her success was one thing , but sitting and watching my schoolmates excel in their chosen sport of torture was not my style .
tr	NNS	And now that the brothers were sitting deep in its heart , the possibilities came home to them much more than they had half the world away .
tr	NNS	All members who were occupied communicated on a private channel through the ships communications system .
tr	NN	The crash made Baby Julian snap awake , looking around fearfully .
tr	NN	A teardrop fell and smudged the ink again .
tr	NN	There was one other farewell they had to make though .
tr	NNS	Little drops of perspiration bead his skin .
tr	NN	Come the evening , there was pub in a nearby village that he wanted to visit .
tr	NN	" Your subconscious is blocking me .
tr	NN	The poker clattered to the hearth .
tr	NNS	Soldiers line up in front of him .
tr	NNS	The Youth League members formed an honor guard before him , representing the future of the movement .
tr	NNS	There were cameras in every room plus cameras outside .
tr	NNS	There were whispers of silk on nylon , and a teasing glimpse of her thighs , a mystery that made most men light headed .
tr	NNS	Strangers surrounded her bed .
tr	NN	" What about Granddad 's wine cellar ? "
tr	NN	The bearded hunter eyed his friend with a wry smile .
tr	NNS	Things to be said .
tr	NN	Behind the clouds and the wind-blown snow , dawn approached .
tr	NNS	But all the certain facts Jack had possessed about woman had evaporated .
tr	NNS	The black masks enveloped them then .
tr	NN	A blue glint caught his eyes .
tr	NNS	Soldiers are already pouring into what used to be my room , shouting and confused , probably shocked to find Warner in such a feeble position .
tr	NN	The politician was now serving a life sentence in prison .
tr	NNS	The white spots covering Polka 's black coat stood out like a snowfall on a dark night .
tr	NNS	Huntress grabbed a few more arrows and knocked three to her string and sent them into three of the golems .
tr	NNS	The four members of The Band sat up and stared straight ahead , over the moonlit plain .
tr	NNS	Her fumbling , painful experiments had led her to believe that someone inside that shelter was blocking her curse .
tr	NNS	Laughter and high-fives didn 't blot the flutter she felt deep in her belly with his confidence and no-nonsense approach .
tr	NN	The explanation for that pile of mussel shells has gnawed at the back of my mind ever since I found it .
tr	NNS	Russ 's movements were jerky as he opened the door of the Jeep for Brent .
tr	NNS	The hills seemed to roll more , the mountain peaks were closer and jagged , and the lake was larger and darker .
tr	NNS	The rims of his eyes were dry , crusted .
tr	NNS	Sometimes there are external factors that will do everything in their power to stop you from making something right . "
tr	NN	Silver and the other two men stumbled backwards away from the body .
tr	NNS	A few grains of dirt and rocks splashed into the pool with a hiss .
tr	NN	His lack of effort meant either he was guilty or just didn 't care .
tr	NN	Milk , fruit , leftover beef stroganoff .
tr	NNS	The blaring war horns set the giant wheel of archers into motion .
tr	NN	" So there 's a whole room ful of dead vampires down there ? "
tr	NNS	The drips started from the ceiling , pinging down into the bucket .
tr	NNS	Before the other shoe drops and my world crashes down .
tr	NNS	The wolves charged the scooters , trying to rip the wheels of the scooters to shreds .
tr	NNS	Like they 're checking it off their lists before racing back to the car .
tr	NN	The soil was slippery and I nearly lost my footing .
tr	NNS	His fingernails were longer than mine .
tr	NN	When the King finally died , chaos once more threatened the land as he had left no heir to the throne .
tr	NNS	Two more chances to change my life in any way I wanted .
tr	NN	The lease is in Bailey 's name . "
tr	NN	" So your birthday seemed like the best time to come wish you well .
tr	NN	A trickle of blood slid on to her finger as she fell against the wall .
tr	NN	The other bar patrons look our way , as Rich raises his voice .
tr	NNS	Dark wooden bookshelves on the far wall displayed books , picture frames and other decorative artifacts .
tr	NN	A lick of fear flashed across his face .
tr	NN	The winner walks though that door alone . "
tr	NN	he warned , scythe held up in defensive attack .
tr	NN	" Happy birthday , brother , " he said .
tr	NNS	Looks like it 's clearing up , yes , though probably not before this afternoon , etc. .
tr	NNS	Images were starting to take shape in Tessa 's head .
tr	NN	The Secret Service agent that was posted on the balcony reacted to her outburst .
tr	NN	The snake drew back once more , her powerful body curling and tensing .
tr	NNS	There were some murmurs of agreement from the audience .
tr	NN	Every nerve stood on edge .
tr	NN	The tech said , and took the flask from her .
tr	NN	The valet was another matter .
tr	NNS	In those days there were ghosts everywhere .
tr	NNS	Sean 's thrusts start out slow and rhythmic .
tr	NNS	Kids from high school would head out there to get high and drink cheap beer , blowing off steam with their fathers ' guns .
tr	NNS	Alexis stood to her full six foot height and glared at me .
tr	NNS	" Natural resources ran out near 2200 .
tr	NN	The passion between them , at least on his part , had been nothing more than a combination of mere sex and his own labyrinthine plotting .
tr	NN	" Our Prince is dead .
tr	NN	His tie was crooked , and he was carrying his suit coat , a lightweight khaki , almost dragging the ground .
tr	NN	What his personality would be without his ability .
tr	NNS	In the summer , packed trains are even worse than in the winter because of all the exposed skin .
tr	NN	" Can your unit hold this location until reinforcements arrive ? "
tr	NN	The look in her eyes was usually accompanied by shooting back , Jazz figured .
tr	NN	This sweatshop psycho is getting inside your head . "
tr	NNS	And those chances were small from the beginning .
tr	NNS	In fact , the only images I 'd seen were a few portraits Alexander had painted .
tr	NN	A sob escaped me .
tr	NNS	Their expressions at that point were a study in contrasts .
tr	NNS	Lots of country roads out by us . "
tr	NN	" Not after the firing range . "
tr	NNS	The epistemological and ontological ramifications of these observations are extensive and profound .
tr	NNS	The bits of his soul were condensing , solidifying again .
tr	NN	No , the taint will no longer affect him because the taint is no more .
tr	NNS	Aside from the color , the uniforms were identical to the white ones worn by the Martial Scientific Force .
tr	NN	The male Lupine had the she-wolf on the ground by now .
tr	NN	As the cloud of slithers thickened , the lightning grew more furious , forming a stuttering arc of blue flame over the pit .
tr	NN	The secretary sighed heavily .
tr	NN	His outline came into view , this unrecognizable man stretched out across the length of the couch , lost in sleep .
tr	NNS	Two creatures that look like wolves but which have massive falcon wings jutting out of their backs are nipping at my heels .
tr	NNS	Sadness shadowed her eyes .
tr	NNS	During the full moon , the dynamics of the pack changed , becoming more like that of feral wolves .
tr	NNS	Query , can you access all floors normally present in this tube ? "
tr	NNS	The unique colors of the tails twinkled in the sunlight like a rainbow .
tr	NNS	The strands floated out toward us in what was nearly a fan shape .
tr	NNS	Things just got a little hot and heavy and I 'm not ready for that .
tr	NNS	Words had once come out of that mouth .
tr	NNS	A few wisps of dust drifted down from the rafters .
tr	NNS	Drugs are a part of your culture , so you wouldn 't understand . "
tr	NNS	In the ensuing silence , the council members murmured to each other , and his son tried to catch Westfall 's eye .
tr	NNS	The protective instincts were strange , since females rarely aroused anything other than my desire to party and get laid .
tr	NNS	As she opened her eyes she ran hand a through more than an inch of soft , red petals piled high around her .
tr	NN	The policeman accepts the story .
tr	NNS	My colleagues and I had enough to worry about already , and we didn 't need the two of them hovering over us adding to our anxiety .
tr	NN	Looking up , her knitting in her hand , Maya blinked in the light .
tr	NN	The determined gleam in her eyes left him with no doubts .
tr	NN	A sharp rap thumped on the door .
tr	NNS	More werewolves stood on the roofs of the buildings .
tr	NN	His steadfast mate , standing with him even though he knew he 'd broken her heart by turning himself in .
tr	NN	The doorknob moved back and forth , still locked .
tr	NNS	The attendants stood back , present and welcoming but unobtrusive .
tr	NN	A vent funneled heat to the outside , but the place still dripped with sweltering humidity .
tr	NNS	Souls are handicapped by their emotions which are much too weak . "
tr	NNS	Pox taps on the packed ice with the hammer then squats .
tr	NNS	The creatures were on top of him .
tr	NNS	No banks , governments , or organizations control or influence it .
tr	NNS	The immortals were more than desperate : the mounting body count was proof enough of this .
tr	NN	His grandma was still laughing to herself .
tr	NNS	Everyone started zipping up their backpacks , loud whispers spread through the room as the end of class was approaching .
tr	NN	The trumpets sounded again as we all stared at the blank mirror .
tr	NNS	The main elevators opened on the ground floor and people streamed out .
tr	NNS	How many thousands would die in the effort ?
tr	NN	" The troll is alive and well .
tr	NN	There 's a market .
tr	NN	Giving him my virginity was something I wanted to do .
tr	NNS	" Your grandparents just let you go ? "
tr	NN	" I did not say that , " said the bulky , flaking bot next to it .
tr	NNS	But there are alternative exits if you can get down to the next level and access the tunnel system .
tr	NNS	Foster mother number 28 had a huge purple vein that throbbed on her forehead as she spoke .
tr	NN	The First stealthily moved around the edge of the room and slowly crept up behind the intruder and held the point of his sword at its back .
tr	NN	The sheriff complied grudgingly , but he let us know as he walked us to the Forester that he 'd be watching us .
tr	NNS	Plus there are heaps of resources to live off .
tr	NN	College writing was every Tuesday and Thursday .
tr	NNS	My grandparents and parents are very important to me .
tr	NN	And that uncertainty alone makes me certain that something wasn 't right between us .
tr	NNS	Marius growled , remaining in his combat form out of sheer self-preservation .
tr	NNS	Their kisses , their caresses were as natural as sunshine on water or flames devouring wood .
tr	NN	The gong rang again , then again , and those ornate doors swung open .
tr	NNS	Many Pack members , including our extended family , had stayed in Memphis .
tr	NNS	The wolves were behind her .
tr	NNS	With that he holds the gun up , presses his hand inwards , and then his body flies up the cord to the hook at the top .
tr	NN	Caught off guard , the momentum pitched us forward .
tr	NN	With the kind of money that was being asked , the villain was going to make your brother-in-law go bankrupt within weeks .
tr	NNS	Planning movies would have been much easier if I could have read Aiden 's reactions though .
tr	NNS	By late winter , the first signs of spring had begun to show in the fields and in the trees .
tr	NN	The ramp reached its pivot point and the boat began a rapid slide .
tr	NNS	If you take the Covenant and aren 't able to live up to it , the consequences are dire .
tr	NNS	Marius stumbled into view over a small rise just off the side of the road , brushing a layer of sand from his arms .
tr	NN	Part of me , probably the part of me that enjoyed seeing him walk in his board shorts , wanted to go to dinner with him .
tr	NN	The aura pulsing from the statuette almost formed a tangible wall of force .
tr	NNS	The sculptures were every size and shape imaginable .
tr	NNS	The creatures walked aimlessly on different planes , some of which were vertical , some at an angle .
tr	NNS	" Flowers , " Miranda panted as she sat down heavily on the couch .
tr	NNS	The images he created with his words caused her to blush and her core to fill with moisture .
tr	NNS	My basic brain skills are still operative . "
tr	NN	Clearly the captain had more knowledge on the subject than he did .
tr	NNS	The thermos was half full .
tr	NN	The thud was barely discernible .
tr	NNS	Such a cultivated observer of life can entertain disparate and even contradictory thoughts in their head at the same time , without judging or deciding prematurely .
tr	NN	' Come on then , the cottage on the end is open we can sit in there .
tr	NN	The haze of lust and rage had cleared enough for him to think .
tr	NNS	Cadmus asked , pulling a soft wrap from his bag .
tr	NN	The FBO 's concierge informed him of an unexpected delay , made apologies , and introduced Ivan to his pilot .
tr	NNS	Lights flashed for a moment then clicked off .
tr	NNS	The wolves were so intent on their victims that the women saw him before the wolves did .
tr	NN	Now her Grandmother , who was standing closest to the door , put her own body in the way , blocking the door , forceful but measured .
tr	NNS	The ripples in the water grew and the chair began to rock .
tr	NN	No gentleman would insist his guest perform an exorcism without providing accommodations first , let alone a decent meal .
tr	NNS	His eyelids scraped across his eyes as he confirmed that he was still in the same room , still in the same stool .
tr	NN	The manual had given specific guidance for how the sheriff should handle this moment when everyone had gathered and the time for the execution was at hand .
tr	NN	" Your sympathy for my heartbreak is overwhelming . "
tr	NN	" There 's probably a plaque commemorating the event on the foundation of the Historical Society building .
tr	NN	" Her suitcase fell , and it weighs a ton .
tr	NN	" My lord , Horton sends word . "
tr	NNS	Lots of women skipped periods occasionally .
tr	NNS	Perhaps , my confessions have all been false .
tr	NNS	Words cannot express what an honor it is to have you among us . "
tr	NNS	Their lunches arrived and served .
tr	NNS	Her scales flare a deeper brown .
tr	NN	There is a method to having your voice heard .
tr	NN	The weakness in his chest was fading .
tr	NN	The priest devised a plan and explained it in detail to the Maharaja .
tr	NN	The bright aura surrounding you reflects how very special you are .
tr	NN	' The smarmy bitch kept giving me dirty looks . '
tr	NNS	The locks were computerized , control by another panel far out of reach .
tr	NNS	All their efforts had come to naught .
tr	NNS	For her , pancakes were quite the luxury .
tr	NN	A whistle sounded from the cab and Ben had the sensation of the trailer beginning to move underneath him .
tr	NNS	In response to his commands , bright images flitted across the screen until he touched one .
tr	NN	A loud thud against the carriage door caused the vehicle to lurch to one side , then rock back into place .
tr	NN	His misery felt tangible as an extra presence .
tr	NN	The reward for your return , and for my head , will be enough to tempt even good peopl ... on either side .
tr	NNS	Flames leaped into the air ; glass shards scattered across the corridor .
tr	NNS	What are the changes , Miss Kirke ? "
tr	NN	Memory pulled her back to the bus , and a sickening twist reached low in her gut .
tr	NN	A sweep of red streaked down her arm , and I frowned as I gently touched it .
tr	NNS	Large TV screens dominated the walls and weird animal like robots zipped around us .
tr	NNS	Others did their best to sell us souvenirs , and crowded around our group the moment we stepped off the bus .
tr	NN	And your grandmother doesn 't know that anyone killed the reverend . "
tr	NN	* When Ben Adams arrived at the meeting point , the vision of Renton kitted out in Arctic survival clothing caused him to stifle a grin .
tr	NN	The French dragon wavered a moment mid-air , and then a great gush of blood came pouring out of his nostrils , his eyes bloodshot and strange .
tr	NN	Her suitcase was open like a clamshell on the bed , her clothes and sketchbooks strewn everywhere .
tr	NN	But answering resolve was in each of their faces .
tr	NN	" The election 's tomorrow .
tr	NN	At three feet down the soil was barely damp .
tr	NN	" Yes sir , " the pilot replied .
tr	NNS	Drugs are the " pill of first choice , " not placebos .
tr	NNS	The foes were about to lunge when , unexpectedly , the snowflake 's trajectory curved in a boomerang fashion .
tr	NNS	When the front door closed behind him , images of that dark car driving slowly up the street a few minutes ago flashed behind my eyes .
tr	NNS	The tunnels I raced through appeared deceptively normal .
tr	NNS	The angry shouts and catcalls of the Cranks faded a bit .
tr	NN	The rug near the grand staircase looked soft .
tr	NNS	The screens come on again .
tr	NN	" Wait ' till mommy finds out that Ivey 's got a girlfriend !
tr	NNS	As I slowed down , the sirens got impossibly loud and close behind me .
tr	NNS	The dragon 's movements slowed as it tried to push itself back up .
tr	NN	The dragon rarely left the healing bath these days , and even so he looked terrible .
tr	NN	A thin sheen of sweat covered them as he began to slowly thrust his hips .
tr	NN	Joseph Bradford 's partner , William Parker , has not been in touch with either Bradford since the dinner party .
tr	NNS	Flames were leaping out of the sitting-room window , and it looked as if they might even have reached the stairs .
tr	NNS	Would the ghosts be scary ?
tr	NNS	Others as big and brawny as those in uniform were wearing more serviceable clothes for labor , rough tunics and faded leggings .
tr	NN	The lack of charity among the people had driven me out of the streets .
tr	NN	The female tender whispered toward the male , " You fool . "
tr	NNS	The minor villages will get it in time .
tr	NNS	His cheekbones were broad , giving him an exotic look , and his jaw was strong , clenched tight .
tr	NNS	Long strands of hair fell to the sides cocooning her face .
tr	NN	A sergeant whimpered as he looked over at the enemy 's camp and whispered , " We can 't do anything !
tr	NN	Her determination was gradually dissipating .
tr	NN	The race is on for the courthouse , Clay .
tr	NNS	But his footsteps are still in sync with my own .
tr	NN	The new half vampire , half fae science teacher shook her hand and held on for a second longer than she 'd liked .
tr	NN	" There is a bundle for you with the Maidens guarding the Traveling ground .
tr	NNS	Lights blinked in the distant night sky , announcing the approaching aircraft carrying her patient .
tr	NNS	The hills of Saint Peter were as white as the heart of Saint Stephen , whose birthday was celebrated today .
tr	NN	Every inch of skin he bared drove him even more insane with desire .
tr	NNS	Aris watched as the door closed behind her with muted finality , and wondered .
tr	NNS	The strange and mysterious markings on his face illuminate with a great concentration .
tr	NN	In Margaret 's eyes , a tenant , any tenant , wasn 't to be trusted .
tr	NN	" And flattery gets you everywhere with me . "
tr	NNS	Images overtook me as I touched all the items at once .
tr	NN	At the back of the house was a box van , probably a 3.1 / 2 ton model Mercedes , or something similar .
tr	NN	The description fit them perfectly .
tr	NNS	Andrea 's eyelids fluttered .
tr	NN	But dread and inaction wouldn 't stop the coming storm .
tr	NN	Me : Well then sweater and jeans is fine .
tr	NNS	Families would buy crypts knowing the tombs could be used over and over again .
tr	NNS	Something ugly glinted in Roxie 's eyes before she smiled .
tr	NN	The massive log moved only sullenly and slowly , until the main current gripped it .
tr	NN	" Why would the redhead lie ? "
tr	NN	But Song spoke again before she could .
tr	NN	The barbarian doesn 't go inside . "
tr	NN	The attire is business attire .
tr	NN	For nine months the gin sat idle .
tr	NN	And the county sheriff would be busy visiting more homes -- telling more families that their loved ones were dead .
tr	NN	On the other side of the two boulders , a plume of sand rose into the air , shot upward by the descending ramp .
tr	NN	Lissa 's fake ID was missing and he could only imagine that Gavin had taken it with him .
tr	NN	The majority of humans only saw us when we were on assignment , when we were hunting them down .
tr	NN	" There was someone else with me , " the priest said roughly .
tr	NNS	Then footsteps pounded down the hall and a cop poked his head into the bathroom .
tr	NNS	All band members should be able to contribute .
tr	NN	Even through Helen 's hopeful smile , a measure of concern pushed beyond the barrier of the cloak .
tr	NN	There was a heavy stirring in the room .
tr	NN	" There 's another option .
tr	NNS	The murders both are vicious , cruel , An end unworthy , for wise nor fool .
tr	NN	The small lamp beside the bed spilled light across her face .
tr	NNS	" No losers in this house , buddy .
tr	NN	There was an exclamation , and she realized that she was not alone .
tr	NNS	Of course , the ads made much of a single male getting attention from two or more females .
tr	NNS	Of course the uniforms didn 't fit us exactly , but it was far better than before .
tr	NN	The following day , a runner came to the workshop , where I was pitching in .
tr	NNS	Two more rockets exploded within the cloud .
tr	NNS	The cameras alone must be worth thousands of dollars .
tr	NNS	Aurelius had arrived to calm Gavin , who looked angry enough to dismantle the palace .
tr	NNS	The figures on the ground shuddered , and one screeched out in shock more than pain .
tr	NNS	My instincts warned against it .
tr	NNS	Judging by the wariness in Levi 's eyes , those bites weren 't the only injuries he 'd ever sustained .
tr	NNS	Things could not have worked out better .
tr	NNS	The drums and music continued to fill the air .
tr	NN	Her new goal was to make it all the way up Capitol Hill without stopping .
tr	NNS	If to save power the shield had to be contracted , the areas on the edges of the city would be the first to be made defenceless .
tr	NNS	" The supplies wouldn 't be the only source of food . "
tr	NNS	Our minds were elsewhere .
tr	NN	My pulse is clubbing inside my chest and I have to press my jaw shut to keep my teeth from chattering .
tr	NN	Wet , the bra was practically see - through .
tr	NN	The lens of the camera above focused down on me , and I stood up again , staring back down at the knob .
tr	NNS	Over the roar of the crowd the other handlers were yelling too .
tr	NNS	Looks like she 'll spend her first few turns on an emergency station .
tr	NNS	" The boxers stay on . "
tr	NNS	Lennox winks then clears his throat .
tr	NN	" His birthday party ? "
tr	NN	" We don 't bend rules here , " the mayor said .
tr	NNS	Nicodemus lifted the gun and aimed for my head .
tr	NNS	The sails flapped , and the boat stopped as though it had brakes .
tr	NN	" Who is the tribe ? "
tr	NN	The ranch doesn 't need any graduates of Eastern universities with specialties in politics or literature .
tr	NNS	Our deaths don 't change that . "
tr	NN	The madman had slapped her .
tr	NNS	The stolen kisses had nearly undone him , but what he needed more than that was possession of the woman behind them .
tr	NNS	More , her instincts seemed to scream .
tr	NN	And the kil er was nowhere to be found .
tr	NN	At this moment , even his optimism looked dented .
tr	NN	" Lie back , honey , and stretch your hands over your head . "
tr	NN	The plateau she 'd spent half a day reaching , while still dark , was now indistinguishable from the ten miles behind her .
tr	NNS	Marius walked over to the cots near the balcony railing with a big smile on his face .
tr	NN	... The robbery of Shaw Trust earlier today has rocked the city of Raleigh .
tr	NN	' There 's usually a simple explanation .
tr	NN	The captain was in such a hurry to be gone that he flung the driver out of his seat , onto the ground .
tr	NN	Their new teacher continued .
tr	NN	" The mayor 's daughter ? "
tr	NNS	Officials come and go with food and water , but it 's a small reprieve from the desolate isolation in here .
tr	NNS	Meanwhile the fight downstairs proceeded .
tr	NN	Work , more like , though don 't let that put you off .
tr	NN	My suitcase rattled behind me , as I followed a mom trying to convince her two young sons that they should put on their coats .
tr	NNS	Their minds traveled farther , then turned toward the forest .
tr	NN	The Sector involved has expressed interest in one of our own .
tr	NN	There was a slight hesitation .
tr	NN	There ain 't no sunshine in her eyes now , the way there used to be .
tr	NNS	The four servants paused on the threshold , gaping .
tr	NN	The courtyard lay in deep twilight .
tr	NN	The accent was very good , but it wasn 't quite American .
tr	NNS	Pretty soon , our species became world renowned , and my mother 's reputation for perfection -- and those of the first generation -- was unmatched .
tr	NN	The deputy reminded Mark of a bodyguard -- his tense muscles and unwavering gaze always on the lookout for trouble .
tr	NN	Fred Klein hurried in , his pipe stem sticking up from the handkerchief pocket of his Harris tweed jacket .
tr	NNS	The consequences of a default of this loan at this stage could be quite severe . "
tr	NNS	Bright yellow oxygen masks drop from the ceiling .
tr	NNS	He was invited to meet with the elders who spoke to him through an Aboriginal guide the visitors had brought with them .
tr	NN	It 's close range , so don 't waste your bullets .
tr	NNS	Others said : " These parts are none too well known , and are too near the mountains .
tr	NN	Just as I began to speak , the inky pattern swirling down his arms came to a rest .
tr	NNS	And even if you were ... well , all leaders know that conflict comes with a certain level of acceptable loss .
tr	NN	Love is a gamble , but when it is true the rewards far outweigh the costs .
tr	NNS	The future generations that will never know the fear and oppression that you have known .
tr	NN	The gin was roaring as usual .
tr	NN	To this the lieutenant only looked perplexed .
tr	NN	Nausea clawed at his gut .
tr	NN	A brilliant blue wisp floated through the snowy haze on the opposite hillside and hovered next to the riverbank .
tr	NN	" Along the map 's margins . "
tr	NNS	Others moped , slumping against the bars .
tr	NNS	Werewolves are mortal and will age and die like any other humans .
tr	NN	A grimace jerked her face .
tr	NNS	Wouldn 't visitors come directly to the outpost ?
tr	NN	The gloom that descended over the Project Amy staff meeting was profound .
tr	NN	All that hacking on trees had dulled their edge so they won 't cut as well . "
tr	NNS	Of course , painting eggs belonged to my main duties .
tr	NNS	Delirious hallucinations would come next , as the pulse and respiration slowed , cheating the brain of oxygen .
tr	NN	A thin scar split his right eyebrow , and she wondered how he 'd gotten it .
tr	NNS	Our fears and our emotions cloud even the brightest day and the clearest truth .
tr	NNS	The bars didn 't so much as bend .
tr	NN	A measure of steady beats captured within the confines of a place and time .
tr	NN	The bullet flies straight into Jennifer 's chest .
tr	NNS	The bars and clubs were closing .
tr	NNS	Around us , the faery dancers twirled in the moonlight , graceful and hypnotic , but I couldn 't see their beauty anymore .
tr	NNS	In real life , detectives have to rely on other clues to guide them along .
tr	NN	Part of the problem has been that our enemies are now better equipped than we are .
tr	NN	Instead , liquid began to splutter back out through the filling point as the machine continued to cram more compound into the mould .
tr	NN	Kate 's h * ps rise and push instinctively as she gets closer , in time with my tongue as it pushes in and out .
tr	NN	No gunfire sounds , and the boots draw closer .
tr	NN	The werewolf sprang toward the nearest hunter .
tr	NN	When Apollo nodded , a scowl appeared on Aiden 's face .
tr	NN	But one day the pigeon pecked Ben right in the eye .
tr	NNS	Bring your sunglasses , because it 's going to be blindingly bright in here ! "
tr	NN	There 's also the added benefit of appearing to be something any decent Mafia man would never marry .
tr	NNS	Girls at school make comments about me constantly .
tr	NNS	" Those instincts of yours , " she said .
tr	NNS	" There are three other band members in Black Diamond . "
tr	NN	A hunter so grand in his accomplishments that he was awarded a place among the stars .
tr	NN	The cable is out here so if you hear something about rioting or violence , let me know right away .
tr	NNS	Flames crawled up the side of the couch , and I felt the heat warming my skin .
tr	NN	Maybe a tour of the island and its lush beauty would ease her spirit .
tr	NN	The infection had come out of nowhere , sweeping across the globe in a matter of hours .
tr	NN	Another mob of Protectors , only a handful compared to the other group , approached down a parallel track .
tr	NNS	Images of that stark landscape stuck with me , almost overwhelming my actual senses .
tr	NNS	The only other possible suspects are the members of Task Force JESUS themselves but none of them are talking .
tr	NN	" You know , there 's a whole computer unit that 's meant to be doing that .
tr	NN	Conventional wisdom held that the undead were ravenous automatons , incapable of thought beyond the blind need to feed .
tr	NN	The sheriff quickly followed .
tr	NN	Its captain was with them .
tr	NNS	Some competitors began murmuring , but it was all she could do to keep from beaming .
tr	NN	Song slowly turned to look at Echo who had her hand frozen above the hilt of one of her daggers .
tr	NN	A sudden rustle of nervous silence swept over the nearby people .
tr	NN	Then the bounty hunter turns to us .
tr	NN	Behind the shyness was a determination that this man , Manchester , could not shake .
tr	NN	The cool marble felt good against my hot , tear soaked cheek .
tr	NN	As a matter of fact , my daddy did this to my mama , too .
tr	NNS	My French was good enough that I replied " Je suis .
tr	NNS	All the warriors knew that the Princess possessed a strong thirst .
tr	NN	When the approaching car 's headlights flashed on the demon , the creature sprinted ahead then disappeared to the left down a side street .
tr	NN	As we leave the table , the bot clears the dishes , and March takes Sasha off for their bedtime ritual .
tr	NN	Love moved to one side as two men and a woman stepped out .
tr	NN	My reputation hangs on some of the things he told me .
tr	NN	The notion seduced him more and he kept laughing , not stopping to take breath , because he didn 't have to !
tr	NN	A chorus of voices suddenly shouted .
tr	NNS	Long rows of shelving forty feet high stocked with lumber and supplies .
tr	NNS	Black spots danced across her vision .
tr	NN	A tremor seemed to go through the men , of disgust , fear and amusement .
tr	NN	The optimist inside him told him that they weren 't dangerous .
tr	NNS	And there was rattling , too .
tr	NNS	Beginning with his face , the burns vanished , and his skin returned to normal .
tr	NNS	The restaurants and spa Nick wanted to build would change the Hudson Valley forever .
tr	NNS	Words I never thought would stand together .
tr	NNS	' Well , there were nurses around and other mothers having babies . '
tr	NN	A faint growl sounded through Diego 's earpiece , Eric 's answer .
tr	NN	A boom of thunder exploded overhead , and he tore his lips away from hers .
tr	NN	Her twin was silent for a long while .
tr	NN	The success or failure of the attack was never of any consequence to him .
tr	NNS	Thick tentacles reached out , arching in the air like cobras , then struck , punching straight into Dawson 's stomach .
tr	NNS	More shots pass overhead , sweeping by in an exploratory spread .
tr	NN	The dizziness had magnified rather than faded , and he was having trouble staying on his feet .
tr	NNS	But soon they were overwhelmed , the carts had to stop .
tr	NN	The singer leaned in to Fat Charlie , covered the mike , and said , " Better make it something the boys know . "
tr	NNS	There were rows of plush , white leather seats and flat screen TVs .
tr	NN	Thus far the pattern has held , but greater tests remain .
tr	NN	Now that they were no longer touching the hunger began to kick in again .
tr	NNS	The key functions of this organization should include intelligence collection in all forms , counterintelligence , and security at the state or higher level .
tr	NN	Mercifully , blessedly , the author not only described how to beat the creature ... but to destroy it once and for all .
tr	NN	Chapter One Eight months earlier Today is my first day of college .
tr	NN	A tickling along my cheek brought me out of a deep sleep .
tr	NN	There was a command in his voice so reminiscent of our father 's that even I couldn 't resist stopping and turning to face him .
tr	NN	Once at the ferry went up the gangplank lorry .
tr	NN	The bullet had hit the concrete floor next to me and gouged a bite out of the concrete .
tr	NN	The leopard padded forward until it was within several feet of its prey before it froze in position , sinking to the carpet in a low crouch .
tr	NN	Even the dessert was Jason 's favorite .
tr	NN	Love was prominent in the ochre depths , and she stared back into those depths , her future brightly shining as he opened his heart .
tr	NNS	There were no signs of its occupant , nothing personal to show who stayed there except the slight musky sandalwood smell of Finn himself .
tr	NNS	Horus seemed surprised rather than worried that Galilee had managed to regain his speech .
tr	NN	The second thug cut the first off sharply .
tr	NN	With each tug of his mouth my clit throbbed .
tr	NN	The hunger was enough that he was actually suffering pangs , which meant he wasn 't likely to sleep .
tr	NN	The salad had raspberries , pecans , and goat cheese in it .
tr	NNS	Seconds later , there were footsteps in the hall , and Hanna 's stepsister , Kate , appeared , her hair wet from the shower .
tr	NNS	Nerves finally screamed their warnings of pain , but she couldn 't move , couldn 't speak .
tr	NN	" By these calculations , your mate will conceive in her womb soon . "
tr	NNS	Whether it was by accident or not , her actions had ended up killing someone today .
tr	NN	The second option gives you a chance to preserve a modicum of honour .
tr	NNS	As far as she knew , there weren 't any dragon shifters .
tr	NNS	The saddles were lightweight affairs , clearly designed for mounted fighting , although they were equally effective for working herds .
tr	NNS	Maddy 's versions of how they 'd met were often inconsistent .
tr	NNS	But his reading skills are limited .
tr	NNS	If he left now , the chances were good that he might never cross paths with the female again .
tr	NNS	As a result , very few traders made the trek to the small village .
tr	NNS	Reapers closed in on the Stingers .
tr	NN	His token stayed around her neck as he stared at her .
tr	NNS	Words were unnecessary amongst the faithful .
tr	NNS	The silver masks were originally worn to conceal their horrific deformities .
tr	NN	Her slender back heaved slightly with the force of her breaths .
tr	NN	Our passion became so intense I hit something with my foot and heard it crash to the ground .
tr	NN	The worst possible scenario swept over me .
tr	NNS	Her nostrils flared and her body began to tremble all over in response to the seductive words .
tr	NN	Captain Logan 's sentence , though picked up in the middle , was nonetheless intelligible .
tr	NN	An outside observer would have seen two disks , flying at close to 800 miles per hour whispering across the water .
tr	NNS	The psychic 's nostrils flare .
tr	NNS	My eyelids squeezed firmly shut , and a painful knot grew in my throat .
tr	NNS	There are probably thousands of those in this vicinity . "
tr	NN	The tip of the arrow is the destination this text was encrypted to hide .
tr	NN	But sympathy for the cursed fruit of her womb drove her to cast off the rational woman and take up the mantle of a lunatic .
tr	NNS	Constructive actions affect the world .
tr	NNS	The next two quarters ' competitors finally trot out , and the twelve organize themselves into a staggered line at one end of the track .
tr	NN	The pilot wasn 't sounding the alarm ?
tr	NN	I had emerged into another , smaller clearing lit by thousands of stars streaming light down from above us .
tr	NNS	The disappearances bothered Annie a great deal , and she could think of no valid reasons for them .
tr	NN	" No , this particular session is over but be here again bright and early tomorrow . "
tr	NN	Each stroke into my pussy sent a string of sensation from his piercings caressing against my flesh .
tr	NN	Blue gel oozed out .
tr	NN	There was a courtyard in front of the temple with the compound on all sides .
tr	NNS	Sadness filled her , but she pushed it away .
tr	NN	Cutter 's own mane was nothing but a tuft of gray combed over his spotted red scalp .
tr	NNS	Even the stilettos twins ran to join the fray .
tr	NNS	Throughout the crowd the dancers and the drinkers , one by one , turned to the tower .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids fluttered and she then pulled herself hard towards his face .
tr	NNS	The wolves padded in a circle around the prince 's remains , then they lifted their heads and howled .
tr	NNS	There were no guarantees the demon wouldn 't get the best of him .
tr	NNS	The actors bravely started to go on with the love scene .
tr	NN	A reunion calls . "
tr	NN	The caller ID came back blocked .
tr	NN	A werewolf leapt into the air and landed in the bed of the truck .
tr	NNS	Animals that were most probably scared that they would be next .
tr	NN	The bullet exited the mobile via the aerial , which also acted as a barrel and travelled at high speed across the chamber towards its target .
tr	NN	Any further wriggling on your part will take this farther than I intend while you 're impaired . "
tr	NNS	Girls look innocent , but they are cruel .
tr	NNS	The characters and events in this book are fictitious .
tr	NN	My general disgust for the government didn 't develop until later .
tr	NN	The tip of his penis rested at her entrance .
tr	NNS	Others spoke more clearly of the chest 's sinister nature .
tr	NNS	The pals stared at him with curiosity .
tr	NN	The email indicates you 've developed something that might help us out with a few issues we are currently facing .
tr	NN	" You think I don , t understand ?
tr	NNS	All supernaturals had a strict " cleanup " protocol .
tr	NNS	His skills with removing memories weren 't that good , and he wouldn 't risk damaging her .
tr	NN	The shag carpet abraded his bare legs .
tr	NN	The technique is great for measuring DNA lengths and that goes pretty far toward DNA segment identification .
tr	NNS	The tightness in my chest has moved up to my throat and I 'm powerless to stop it this time .
tr	NN	Your agent sure understood business when he bled me for that million-dollar contract . "
tr	NNS	Stronger group members won 't yield so the bully moves on .
tr	NN	The carpet caught fire , and it quickly spread around the room .
tr	NN	Any idiot can walk into a casino and blow ten grand .
tr	NNS	The deaths ended for a few months .
tr	NNS	The marble floors were so polished I could see our reflection when we gazed down .
tr	NN	The marble feels cold under my boots .
tr	NN	At his touch , the student turned around .
tr	NNS	Lara 's fingernails dug into his palm .
tr	NN	The trio moved outside the building and looked carefully .
tr	NN	A throaty chuckle seeped into the room , and Christian shook his head as he placed his hands on my hips .
tr	NNS	The fortune teller 's predictions flashed into her mind and she crossed her fingers .
tr	NN	The electricity is so thick in the air that my nerves tingle and goose bumps rise on my arms .
tr	NNS	His pupils seem responsive so I don 't think he has a concussion .
tr	NN	The big warrior came crashing through the trees with Renata , Hunter , and a couple of others from the mission .
tr	NNS	Things were getting back to normal .
tr	NNS	Storm cells form , divide , break up , and reform continuously .
tr	NN	York Factory housed a motley crew ... English soldiers , French fur traders , Métis or half Indians , and now Scottish settlers .
tr	NN	Tomorrow the whole operation would be over and he could leave this area .
tr	NN	How many more lives had the cursed mountain claimed ?
tr	NNS	Then red areas of the rectangular prisms lit up and started pulsating with power .
tr	NNS	Her dainty panther paws also slid quickly out of the ropes that bound her feet .
tr	NNS	" Screw you weirdo , " Jason curses , placing the green laser dot on Lance 's forehead .
tr	NNS	The drugs that Adrian gave you raped those girls .
tr	NN	The notion struck Luke to the core -- he could lose his brother .
tr	NNS	The drops of rain beat against her skin , growing harder with every step she took .
tr	NNS	His shoulder blades shifted upwards , then fell .
tr	NNS	Two nurses ran into the room , one holding a large needle filled with clear fluid .
tr	NNS	The countess swept into the room , a white bundle swinging from her right hand .
tr	NNS	There were already lengthy equations on six large whiteboards .
tr	NNS	The fireflies danced over the long grass , winking their warm yellow lights on and off .
tr	NNS	Among the ruins lay broken black space ships of varying styles and sizes , some sleek like fighter craft , others massive and bulky like cargo craft .
tr	NN	The female elf screamed for Cade to help her .
tr	NNS	Killer robotic cameras hadn 't been after me at the time , but I had probably pretended it anyway .
tr	NNS	Moses had seen no movement , and not heard a sound either from the theater or from anywhere else when the back door clicked open .
tr	NNS	There were receipts from a dressmaker 's shop for clothing hastily made to Victor 's exacting specifications .
tr	NNS	Our prayers are pleas sent to God for favors that the Law of Heaven be bent in our favor .
tr	NN	Her fur was soft and warm .
tr	NNS	My ancestors believed so firmly in that connection that they incorporated that symbol into the various secret organizations that hid us . "
tr	NN	With so many people in the Bay area , mass transit is the most convenient and fastest method of transport .
tr	NN	His resolve to protect this resilient woman had nothing to do with penance or guilt .
tr	NNS	All the ideas I 'd had when I was searching at home felt wrong now that I was standing in the middle of this stunning suite .
tr	NNS	" No , but I 'll let the crime scene technicians know .
tr	NN	Her tail flicked playfully across his nose .
tr	NNS	Remember , the cosmos is vast and you have to be prepared ! "
tr	NN	Chance acknowledged that with a nod and made a left .
tr	NNS	Kids that age can think , and sometimes they can act .
tr	NNS	Soldiers are proud of their branch , and they would resent the President .
tr	NNS	How are you ladies doing on this fine day ? "
tr	NNS	The floors looked like they needed a good mopping , and the booth tops looked sticky .
tr	NNS	Flames ate away at the legs of Belinda 's desk chair , fueled by a ream of printer paper .
tr	NN	My first instinct is to say yes , but I think driving may help ease what I 'm currently feeling .
tr	NN	The tie took the brunt of the fussing during the day .
tr	NNS	Heavy iron bars burdened every window and door , indicating that this was not the place to linger unless you belonged .
tr	NNS	And so the dark forests died .
tr	NN	A good job defines a man , elevates his self-esteem .
tr	NN	Our reunion , much similar to other recent ones , was quite stoic and reserved , as with each time we met the more apart we grew .
tr	NN	A thin wisp of smoke curled into the air , and that was the last thing I saw .
tr	NNS	Which were the real rats ?
tr	NN	A swimmer 's body .
tr	NNS	The aliens might not understand the idea of insurance , but he was willing to teach them .
tr	NN	A vampire roasting inside a death pyre .
tr	NN	The angel had brought them !
tr	NN	The captain was right , no free passage out , but surrender with a guarantee we 'll not kill them .
tr	NNS	The stakes are higher now .
tr	NN	The creator of men is my master now , and His will is my own .
tr	NNS	The low temperatures were in the negative numbers and the highs didn 't get much above 10 degrees .
tr	NNS	Loose tongues lose lawsuits , French had warned him , and with such an untested staff it was best to keep them in the dark .
tr	NNS	What kind of people were my grandparents ?
tr	NN	Every inch of body language Graham threw out told Eric he didn 't want to fight right now , but too bad .
tr	NNS	Looks like nobody ' s home , so I don 't think there 'll be any shooting anyhow .
tr	NN	The snake had worked in the hall and knew many of the finer points of its security system .
tr	NNS	" The servants obey all my commands . "
tr	NNS	Dark brown leather breeches with a green shirt , covered by a tunic of brown leather , tooled with many symbols .
tr	NN	The outlook is quite promising .
tr	NNS	Rufus still had some pride left and knew he didn 't want to admit all of his errors to this powerful man .
tr	NNS	Deep sobs overwhelmed him as he realized how close he had come to losing the life he knew so well .
tr	NN	" Just a bump in the road , Alfred .
tr	NN	Well , right now my instinct 's telling me that I need to be a part of this race . "
tr	NN	His angel was late this evening and he wanted so desperately to ask her about his friend in the other bed , who was it ?
tr	NN	Was Georgie hallucinating these phone calls because she missed Neal ?
tr	NNS	Alexis collapsed in her chair " No , guilty , " she whispered .
tr	NN	" Ok , yet , but Molly is a lot more open and easier to trust than Cade . "
tr	NN	And the footman mentioned Phillip was the only resident still awake . "
tr	NN	The crash echoes through the house and I hear my father 's footsteps .
tr	NN	" The stench was there , but not his . "
tr	NN	Another complication dogs my work : Too many ancient authors had the quirk of glimpsing in our Tribe 's mythology fresh insights to epistemology .
tr	NN	And as I understand it , there was no premeditated intent to kill .
tr	NNS	If you 're at all interested , the other ladies are in the sitting room , a few doors down on the right .
tr	NN	The operation was a success . "
tr	NNS	What activities were keeping the colonial from sleeping at night ?
tr	NN	A thrill of tickles moves in the center of my chest , and I think of the way his strong hand caressed my face at the bar .
tr	NNS	Some strands found their way to her front while most draped along her back .
tr	NN	The dragon blinked , his body going stiff .
tr	NNS	As we exited the palace complex my two companions burst into a bawdy old marching song .
tr	NNS	Hands wrapped around Ryden 's neck .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of her aunt 's attitude and total commitment to the mysterious puzzle consumed her consciousness throughout the entire day .
tr	NNS	The other levels were all downstairs .
tr	NNS	Lights were still on in the electrical store .
tr	NNS	But , lest everyone think cat pee is a bad thing all the time , there are the rare cases where cat pee brings two people together .
tr	NNS	" When did the disappearances begin ? "
tr	NNS	There were also rats , snakes and spiders on the Rim , living in the trash .
tr	NNS	Even if the sun weren 't fading , the curling edges of fire would drive them from their safe area before long .
tr	NN	straight to the point , the sergeant did not mince his words , or meanings .
tr	NN	The carpet was no longer the light blue it had been an hour ago .
tr	NN	" This dwarf is under arrest for assaulting a Watch officer ! "
tr	NN	A crown that dripped sapphires orange , blue , green . .
tr	NNS	But there were no guarantees , not when twenty thousand people a year needed a transplant and only about five thousand received one .
tr	NNS	In the lobby , nurses pushed heavily pregnant women in wheelchairs .
tr	NNS	Great scaly objects knocked him from one side to the next .
tr	NNS	My boobs were finally a solid B cup , but the rest of me still looked too boyish .
tr	NNS	There were no seats for a start .
tr	NNS	Their whispers dim to background noise as she leads us through what can only be described as a castle .
tr	NNS	So when the chance came up to get to interview him for their magazine , her employers had easily picked her .
tr	NN	But the sheriff said later they mainly wanted to know if it was an accident or not .
tr	NN	The faint sheen of perspiration made her seem to glow in the sun .
tr	NN	The swimmer kept going and was close to the buoy .
tr	NN	Part of my brain focused on the way my fingers felt against the small of her back , while the survival component quickly assessed the situation .
tr	NNS	Things were better than they ever had been .
tr	NNS	Ice daggers began to hover in front of him .
tr	NNS	Had his cheekbones been that high and prominent , his eyes that deep set , his nose slightly off center ?
tr	NN	The bastard had always enjoyed fighting too much for his own good .
tr	NN	A second faerie knight , this one a woman with armor of pale green , carrying a shield of overlapping carved leaves .
tr	NNS	" The stakes are too high .
tr	NN	However , as we made the turn , the van pulled up to the side of us and trapped us in place .
tr	NNS	the immortals told um matter of fact .
tr	NNS	The brash , upstart Americans knew better .
tr	NN	" I 'll drive her up , " Storm offered .
tr	NN	But his posture was protective , the arm circling her waist , tender .
tr	NN	There was one main staircase going down , with others branching off into the base , and the ceilings were solid concrete .
tr	NN	The white fur and shells turned into an ornate headdress .
tr	NN	The dragon slammed his large head into the ceiling .
tr	NNS	" No worries , go ahead , " Faye replied .
tr	NN	His crown was in gold , and silver tulips decorated it .
tr	NN	His deed this day would be destroying him inside , no matter what he proclaimed .
tr	NNS	The rope burns from last night are red and inflamed , all around my throat .
tr	NNS	The creatures had them outnumbered ten to one , yet still they hesitated .
tr	NN	An asthmatic wheeze escapes from the doubled over form in front of me .
tr	NN	Below me , the ravine opens hungrily .
tr	NNS	Others marched around them in an orderly fashion to leave .
tr	NN	Love took the note in his hand , glanced at it , shoved it into the front pocket of his chinos .
tr	NNS	Myles took that in while using his own flashlight to scan the ground immediately surrounding them .
tr	NNS	" Must git awful crowded up there after awhile . "
tr	NN	Her uncle was still out there , somewhere , and even though Drake claimed not to be worried , she knew he was .
tr	NNS	His targets tonight were the Boyds , who lived across the street .
tr	NNS	Dangerous Beans did not stare back , because he was too short-sighted .
tr	NNS	The Souls ravaged the skin and bones of all in the room leaving nothing but dust .
tr	NNS	The authorities have been waiting for your account , and you just lie here sleeping the day away like nothing was wrong !
tr	NN	The young student responded by raising her hand , and stepping forward .
tr	NNS	Her grandparents weren 't the only ones who enjoyed spoiling Nina .
tr	NNS	Thoughts like how his kiss would feel and taste .
tr	NNS	Immortals were more dangerous than any animal she had ever come across .
tr	NN	Part of me was kind of hoping you were going to join me in one .
tr	NNS	Moses tried to pretend he was riding in a bus , but then the direction changed and the plane was lifting off the ground .
tr	NN	Amadeo 's sin was that he loved Angelica more than he loved his brother .
tr	NN	Such hatred serves to keep political ardor at white heat .
tr	NNS	The possibilities were staggering .
tr	NNS	Those roads , however , don 't fit in with our roads .
tr	NN	A black sedan is just pulling in , blocking our way out .
tr	NN	The soil inspectors she brought in at the last moment .
tr	NNS	The pack members were instantly quiet , slipping into chairs and onto the large couches .
tr	NN	" There 's a metal panel on the underside of the machine .
tr	NN	Watching home improvement shows .
tr	NN	The large tank , under the salon and galley sole , showed 85 % full .
tr	NN	My hesitation gave in to fatigue , and I found myself wanting to trust Stefano .
tr	NNS	The punchy , unpredictable winds up here forbade anyone from venturing near the edge .
tr	NNS	But now the napkins are plain white and in a simple triangular form -- the correct form .
tr	NNS	Things happen to people - things that need to be fixed .
tr	NN	This square seemed to be a natural meeting place for the townsmen and women .
tr	NN	Part of me would like to talk with her and tell her this story .
tr	NN	The television was in the corner across from my bed , the window next to it .
tr	NNS	When the humans were waging wars , nations used biological and chemical weapons against one another .
tr	NNS	My ideas originated from my son and our mutual love for Rosie .
tr	NN	Her withdrawn posture , like that of a wilted rose , revealed her distaste for what seemed inevitable .
tr	NN	Never once did the design repeat anywhere in the house .
tr	NN	" Life condition " describes ones level of energy , awareness , wisdom , courage and compassion .
tr	NN	Sure enough , the flashlight was right next to the plastic tarp he 'd rolled up to put under his sleeping bag .
tr	NNS	Lots of killer traps , still set .
tr	NNS	Their movements were not as coordinated as their other attacks , not as planned . "
tr	NNS	His paintings , which he did in scroll format , hung in art galleries and Government buildings .
tr	NNS	Our tongues touch , play , and entwine as our bodies fuse .
tr	NN	a warm sexy drawl asked and I lifted my gaze and smiled up at Dank .
tr	NN	The second lantern , the one he 'd left with his brother , was down in the grave , resting upon the wooden top of the coffin .
tr	NN	Human conflict is widespread and decreasing as disease spreads .
tr	NN	The roar of fury and anguish that suddenly ripped from his throat caught Thomas completely by surprise .
tr	NNS	The butterflies in my stomach fluttered and flew .
tr	NNS	His clients were exclusively business moguls and celebrities who came to him based on recommendations .
tr	NNS	" So these objects acted as though you were far away from your Element . "
tr	NN	A photograph of me , eyes closed , hair spread on familiar navy sheets .
tr	NN	" Enough " The gentleman commands .
tr	NNS	Families poured down from the bleachers , claiming their graduate .
tr	NNS	The red tiles ran down the hall to culminate in the kitchen , a large room with an eat-in area .
tr	NNS	Surely even the ancestors , their bones secure in sacred urns , must feel this heat ?
tr	NNS	Even my truthful explanations sounded weak .
tr	NN	The sheriff kept looking at my aunt .
tr	NN	In battle , the personality and temperament of the commanding officer was nearly as important as the number of troops he commanded .
tr	NN	The farther she sank , the darker the waters became until she hit bottom .
tr	NNS	Things are really picking up . "
tr	NN	A smooth square of sand in the ceiling showed how he had entered the room .
tr	NNS	The drugs hadn 't been for the humans .
tr	NNS	" Like what the plays are or how to throw and catch a ball ? "
tr	NN	Just my vote doesn 't count for much . "
tr	NNS	Suddenly , there were yellow butterflies flying around us and some of them were on our shoulders , flattering their wings .
tr	NN	Jazz blurted , and turned to look at Pink Cardigan , who was staring at the car intently , but not as if she recognized it .
tr	NNS	My eyelids shot open .
tr	NN	the young Warlord cried as he stumbled toward them .
tr	NNS	Was Claire showing signs of senility ?
tr	NNS	Images of his body covering hers had disturbed his dreams last night and he didn 't like it .
tr	NN	Terra 's core would superheat .
tr	NN	How did Poison get my phone number ?
tr	NNS	" Nonsense fellas , what have I got to do with it ? "
tr	NN	There was such chaos ... endlessly changing commanders , new civilian orders , confounding proclamations , and bureaucrats who had no idea what was going on .
tr	NN	The T-shirt was a reminder that , if even only in the smallest way , he 'd had an effect on the person I 'd become .
tr	NNS	The twins told me you 'd gone to the Isle . '
tr	NNS	The gray gorillas were localized near the city , and would not follow them far .
tr	NNS	The dinosaurs ignored him .
tr	NN	Once again , there was a huge pulse of magic , along with enough power to generate it all .
tr	NNS	Things were moving fast , but I didn 't see any reason to slow them down .
tr	NNS	You Hollywood types don 't understand that ! "
tr	NN	" But they 're not even a day late , " the ranger continued , looking askance at the shovel .
tr	NNS	Chills raced up James 's spine as a high-pitched feminine voice gave a message in tongues .
tr	NN	Since then , the government had started to license the technology to others .
tr	NN	A long kissing session then followed and they slowly sank down onto the sofa .
tr	NNS	Large drips of blood bled out from these four gashes , down her hands and wrists .
tr	NNS	The scenes of battle - the horror of it - made her wince .
tr	NN	" The name Jesus for the doll was making fun .
tr	NNS	Her wrists burned as the rope dug into her skin .
tr	NNS	" There are a bazillion gates and he may be near one of them , hoping it will become useful again , someday . "
tr	NN	Her manner isn 't as formal , now that we 're no longer client and barrister .
tr	NNS	Ineffective ads do not , and normally are quickly pulled .
tr	NN	But my therapist said it might be good for me to do it because it could be the start of giving myself closure .
tr	NNS	The doorways were wide and ceilings high to accommodate his frame , but he moved in silence , reminding her he was as skilled as she was .
tr	NNS	My footsteps echoed as I walked across the empty lobby , but the concierge still didn 't come out to greet me .
tr	NN	Even the best hunter wouldn 't have stood a chance , and I 'm yet to find out who was responsible for their deaths .
tr	NN	A nice lounge greeted us as a warm welcome .
tr	NNS	These old rehearsal studios in New York are in worse shape than they should be .
tr	NNS	Romulus pulled him along .
tr	NN	the first ghoul said .
tr	NN	A liar and a gambler was a bad combination .
tr	NN	On a small French desk near the window , there was a small flat-screen television and a laptop computer .
tr	NN	" Who is the sacrifice ? "
tr	NNS	The drones continued firing fast continuous bursts at their human prey .
tr	NNS	The two professors were there too .
tr	NNS	Look , if they want Grace , chances are they aren 't giving Shea a pass .
tr	NN	There were a computer and display terminal , a modem hookup and a printer against the end wall , and an elaborate radio system on the right .
tr	NNS	All the variations go away .
tr	NN	His secretary was an older woman with salt and pepper hair and a purple ribbon tied in a bow on top .
tr	NN	Yellow " Crime Scene " tape marked the perimeter of his garden .
tr	NN	Then , when I met her glare , another hysterical giggle spewed forth and I was lost .
tr	NNS	Her footprints leave a long , obvious trail from sea to trees .
tr	NNS	The simplification attempts led inevitably to personality distortions .
tr	NNS	But now the effects of the wine and exhaustion had worn off .
tr	NN	There was a moment 's hesitation , and then she said , " The Hemlock Land . "
tr	NNS	" The suns slowed their great whirl and the seas cooled .
tr	NN	The rant made her question the whole crazy notion more than it solidified her decision to hop on board .
tr	NN	The dragon reopened its eyes .
tr	NNS	Marius then found the deep cut on Haven 's elbow and pressed his thumb into it .
tr	NNS	" Cousin , " Louis said , " the ladies of France are wise in the ways of the world . "
tr	NNS	The masks on the headgear came down .
tr	NN	" My goal is to present this data in so incontrovertible a way that any cynicism is nipped in the bud .
tr	NN	The tall redhead entered the stable and moved toward her with long strides .
tr	NNS	The minute their eyes truly met , that fateful day in AP Physics class , both objects were unprepared for the introspection that followed .
tr	NNS	The dancers were also half-and-half , affirmative action all around .
tr	NNS	The breakers would only be off for a few seconds .
tr	NN	But Danny 's assessment about Sean 's past was way off base .
tr	NNS	Protective instincts had flared the moment he 'd heard her scream , nearly giving him heart failure .
tr	NN	An angry spark momentarily leaped into his dark eyes , but was soon quelled .
tr	NNS	These pirates think nothing of slapping or pinching your butt . "
tr	NN	Only my own terrified reflection looked back at me from the shiny black lenses .
tr	NN	His perusal is quick , and his eyes pull back to mine fast .
tr	NNS	Oscar campaigns , rumors of a breakup that need defending , rumors of an engagement you need to confirm . "
tr	NNS	Steam rises and the smell of fresh herb fills my nose .
tr	NNS	Others give me a wide berth , look at me with narrowed , suspicious eyes .
tr	NNS	Again , there weren 't coins this old .
tr	NN	Without any tugs to assist them , the freighter would have to dock on its own .
tr	NNS	" I can 't believe all those bad fifties horror movies were right .
tr	NNS	" Now , there are no guarantees but it 's something . "
tr	NNS	This one academic clearly didn 't take himself too seriously .
tr	NNS	" Our ancestors , the Vikings , did , and I think I do too . "
tr	NNS	Others are here to learn leading-edge exercises that will help them attain personal empowerment in their private lives as well as their business environment .
tr	NNS	Simple sequined sandals matched .
tr	NN	The dock slowly cleared and the two women were left alone .
tr	NN	With my body angled upward , each punishing thrust stroked the bundle of nerves at my core , sending ripples of pleasure rolling through me .
tr	NNS	The other tests came back too .
tr	NN	His pattern was the same as her father 's .
tr	NNS	The drinks helped him .
tr	NNS	Others are kissing each other or busy preparing a cigarette .
tr	NNS	Others were coming and going on the road as people do and I saw wagons , and donkeys .
tr	NNS	On either side of the river the banks rose like cliffs making the city quite impregnable .
tr	NN	" Damn , he was fast , " the sergeant said .
tr	NN	My landlord had only ever come to my place three times , and it was always in the morning .
tr	NN	A gold crown adorned the inside of the circle of vines .
tr	NNS	His eyelids fluttered open and she stared at his eyes , searching for a reason not to stop him this time .
tr	NNS	Their styles complemented each other , Elizabeth 's dry , sometimes acerbic wit balanced by Chickie 's unwavering good nature .
tr	NN	" After the judge sets the fine for the taillight , and we get this warrant thing settled , " the deputy said .
tr	NN	" Lie back then .
tr	NN	" Just ' cuz he 's asleep don ' mean he 's drunk . "
tr	NNS	Four roads spread out before them .
tr	NNS	The sneakers are teamed with a smart , grey business suit .
tr	NNS	The rags inside made me feel very uneasy and uncomfortable , and I squirmed .
tr	NN	A coffee pot , microwave , and toaster limited the workspace on the counter .
tr	NNS	Looks like they 've had some success already . "
tr	NN	Spencer 's Kelsey theory worried her .
tr	NN	The tremble in her hands makes a liar out of her , though .
tr	NNS	Then the footsteps stopped , and not gently .
tr	NNS	Tanks and those metal covers had large holes burned through them .
tr	NNS	Things are back on line and we are catching up with the orders thanks to Catfish and some of his crews .
tr	NN	the receptionist asked , quietly but politely .
tr	NN	The flashlight guided his steps , illuminating the walkway a few feet at a time .
tr	NN	Never more had any of us felt the absence of Eli than we did at that moment .
tr	NN	As he stared down at Sarah 's drawing , a slow tremor crawled through him .
tr	NN	" We are usually peaceful in the same way that your kind is usually not peaceful , " said the alien calmly .
tr	NNS	Reyes nodded , then dismissed Rolf with a wave of his hand .
tr	NN	One method of expansion is through space , through a constant pioneering reach toward other worlds .
tr	NN	This kid 's specialty is anatomy and biology , and yet , he slapped that together just for the fun of it .
tr	NN	A shard of yellowed tusk poked through the dark soil .
tr	NNS	You 're the blasted lead , " Bugs said .
tr	NN	But the layer of smoke allowed Bri to drag her away , back to the alley , and out of the smoke .
tr	NNS	Their silent deaths robbed the terrorists of the glory they wanted and for that , Neil was grateful .
tr	NNS	" Six possible locations where she might be keeping Isabella and Walker , " Fallon said .
tr	NNS	There were other tales as well , scary stories whispered in the dark of the night , of witches and warlocks , of demons and dragons .
tr	NNS	My nostrils flinched at the rotten stench from the growing infection and my stomach wanted to heave .
tr	NNS	Violent images were coming easily to me today .
tr	NNS	' Loose tongues lose lawsuits . '
tr	NN	An antiques market had been in town during his visit , and David had managed to snag a lovely Lalique vase for his wife Sarah .
tr	NN	An uninfected cow in the enclosure next door gave him a shocked look .
tr	NN	Each growl and hiss and pulse rewarded her efforts .
tr	NN	The announcement demands attention , so I look up from my book .
tr	NNS	The twins were somewhat surprised , but I don 't think I really was .
tr	NN	The goblin moved with a speed that made Astrid 's blood run cold .
tr	NN	The stroke of luck at the Dallas airport came just when she was about to give up on catching up to him .
tr	NN	The gorgeous young goddess was wearing practically nothing below the waist and was barely covering her breasts with her folded arms .
tr	NNS	Things are getting too comfortable and I 'm beginning to panic .
tr	NN	The top page made Ashe draw in a breath .
tr	NNS	" Even so , " the duchess says .
tr	NN	The transport rolled right over top of Capone 's car .
tr	NNS	Others seemed to agree with Juno , and William was somewhat surprised by their comments .
tr	NNS	Things had gone so differently than she had planned .
tr	NNS	Our footsteps echoed in the wide corridor .
tr	NN	" Have mercy , " babbled the diehard leader .
tr	NNS	Looks like it 's time to get the fuck out of Dodge .
tr	NN	A minor tremor went through her when she considered Duncan might have already left .
tr	NN	Obviously Jazz remembered that this childish interchange had amused her earlier , and she wasn 't above repeating it .
tr	NN	There was a slight hesitation before he responded .
tr	NN	His routine shaped her own , and his return from the office was the highlight of her day .
tr	NNS	Lights from the machine played across her face in red and green flashes .
tr	NNS	The gates of the Institute swung open , and the carriage clattered out into the darkening afternoon .
tr	NNS	Such deaths could serve no Purpose whatsoever .
tr	NNS	The Storm Dragons were doing everything in their power to bring the two down .
tr	NNS	Horrific images flooded my mind .
tr	NN	Her last nerve was breaking .
tr	NN	" Ok , ok , sweetie , calm down .
tr	NN	The description triggered something in me -- a memory buried so deep that I 'd thought it would never surface again .
tr	NN	The pigeon quickly flew back to its perch and immediately and calmly went back to sleep .
tr	NN	" Your master might have taught you well .
tr	NNS	The stalker 's carelessness could have cost them more than Josh was willing to risk .
tr	NNS	Elias looked briefly upset but didn 't say anything .
tr	NN	" Death , " the man in black said simply .
tr	NNS	Their bottom halves merged into a single whole , turning into a stone pillar .
tr	NNS	Others hurried around us with steaming food or boxes of gear .
tr	NN	All that mattered was her connection to Mother Earth .
tr	NN	" Our electronic equipment picked up an unusual frequency within minutes of lifting anchor .
tr	NN	The melody fired straight to a place in your head that felt like you were at last recalling a long forgotten memory of some bitter sweet moment .
tr	NN	As I spoke , a dark gloom spread over my listener 's countenance .
tr	NNS	Questions pepper the air , aimed at Dad and me , but their voices are one big buzz .
tr	NNS	As I became less involved our meetings tailed off .
tr	NNS	The endless winds that often obscured the trails never beat down the hill .
tr	NNS	Muscles flexed beneath her touch .
tr	NNS	Few mysteries had intrigued him more than what was happening right here in Cedar Cove .
tr	NNS	Waves of masculine energy emanated from his body , pulling her in .
tr	NNS	The drunks , burglars and lunatics were on their way home , while the workers were still in their beds clinging to slumber .
tr	NN	I ached from wanting to touch her , ached like a disease had worked its way into my bones .
tr	NN	The bedside lamp was on but Celine 's bed was empty .
tr	NN	The golem blinked again .
tr	NN	He popped the tab on one , and offered the other to me as he sipped , one hip cocked against the cabinets .
tr	NNS	Cassius stepped back and waited for the crowd to disperse .
tr	NNS	Girls might gaze longingly at Will as they passed him on the grass , but the whole band wouldn 't turn around to say " Oooooh ! "
tr	NN	His concentration was absolute , and I felt a sort of reverent fear that prevented me from asking anything .
tr	NNS	The fence zombies already took away that option .
tr	NNS	The expressions on her face as her gentle voice went from cheerful to laced with anguish and back in a few seconds .
tr	NNS	Rats don 't think very far ahead , except in general terms .
tr	NNS	" How about spontaneous ignition ? "
tr	NN	the 911 operator demanded .
tr	NNS	Although of similar design , the uniforms had slight variation in colouring for each pack .
tr	NNS	The edges were tattered and curled like it had been carried around for months in someone 's pocket .
tr	NNS	His thrusts became more urgent , his expression more desperate .
tr	NNS	The drums of the encoder turned encouragingly .
tr	NN	My body 's instinct was to change , but it was too risky .
tr	NNS	Samuels had returned Sunday morning by train , even having the stub confirming this to give to the police when they asked him for it .
tr	NN	There was no gunfire heard .
tr	NNS	These sublime and magnificent scenes afforded me the greatest consolation that I was capable of receiving .
tr	NN	Too much chaos is bad for people .
tr	NNS	Lots of strong , independent women paid for dinner on a first date .
tr	NNS	Three new zombies were staggering hungrily toward me while I was attempting to dislodge the hammer from the zombie 's brain .
tr	NNS	' Human stomachs growl when they are hungry ?
tr	NNS	His kisses grew rougher and more demanding the closer we got to his door .
tr	NNS	His golden locks were prematurely thinning , though his sideburns were creeping down his cheeks to compensate .
tr	NNS	On any given day , the patrons and attendants would be immeasurable , while mini vans , taxis , and ferries carried visitors to the grounds .
tr	NNS	Lights pierced the darkness .
tr	NN	My grandmother nudges me again .
tr	NN	' Nothing at all , ' Love murmured .
tr	NNS	Julian 's first instincts led him to the closet and her dressers .
tr	NN	The second pitch was a high curveball , and with the count of two balls , you could almost hear the fans get out of their seats .
tr	NN	Part of me wished it had been more difficult for him .
tr	NN	The captain waved an irritated hand .
tr	NNS	How many married couples could say the same ?
tr	NN	His original intent had been to find out just how well she knew Rawlings .
tr	NN	Surprisingly a small trickle of water was beginning to gather at our feet -- artillery that Hoodie could use to defend us .
tr	NNS	More and more instances rolled through her mind .
tr	NN	The raft lurched , nearly pitching her out , rolling water splashing her in the face .
tr	NNS	Nerves beat at her with heavy wings .
tr	NN	Love straightened up , looked at Stuart and walked from the room .
tr	NN	The first orgasm was the hardest to get .
tr	NN	" The launch sequence is underway . "
tr	NN	Moments later , a second sub arrived , to dock alongside it .
tr	NNS	He turned back to me , the thermos flask in one hand .
tr	NNS	" My supporters are plentiful , rich , and see only what I choose to let them see . "
tr	NNS	My colleagues would never keep their mouths shut if they knew about me and Nick .
tr	NN	There was a limit to formality , after all .
tr	NNS	A few more technicians are working the end of her tail while another dozen are inside her open mouth working on each of her sharp teeth .
tr	NNS	The effects of the pendant had completely faded by the third day of her awakening .
tr	NN	The van began to bounce and shake as they drove along the gravel entrance road and then turned onto a dirt road .
tr	NNS	The hallucinations were a real pain in the ass , but at least I was aware of what was happening .
tr	NN	Sophie 's condition has been deteriorating at a rapid pace .
tr	NN	The coarse language didn 't surprise her .
tr	NNS	Their actions cannot go unpunished .
tr	NNS	Their supervised visits were awkward .
tr	NN	" No kidding , " he says .
tr	NN	The troll thought about this .
tr	NN	Thankfully , the pattern wasn 't so complicated that she had to study every row .
tr	NNS	Things get different interpretation when treated with compassion instead of passion .
tr	NNS	This far north , the fall colors were past peak by a good week , which meant that tons of tourists already had come and gone .
tr	NN	" How did surgery go ? "
tr	NNS	But the ghosts from Sir Horace 's castle took no notice -- nothing was going to stop them from enjoying the best party in hundreds of years .
tr	NN	" The museum has a security system on the ground floor , covering all the doors and windows on that level .
tr	NNS	Others called out their friends ' names or waved , too .
tr	NNS	The nurses rushed in , followed closely by the doctor .
tr	NN	The lodge had two cooks who prepared all the meals for the guests in the lodge .
tr	NN	There was a riding crop , dog collar , and leather chaps scattered on the bed .
tr	NNS	" And the cameras are on . "
tr	NNS	Looks like maybe your husband kept you in the dark on purpose .
tr	NNS	" Five acres , " I said .
tr	NN	Not the fake giggle of a tomboy raised by wolves , either .
tr	NNS	" True , her markings are ... unfortunate .
tr	NN	As I recalled all the delicious details , my mound start to hum with happiness at the memory being replayed in my head .
tr	NN	Her master was the local chieftain .
tr	NNS	" Old Souls are just humans who keep coming back . "
tr	NNS	Things have gone badly in the cryogenic program .
tr	NNS	Cassius was wearing on an off white shirt with an oversized collar and buckskin suede string laced up the front .
tr	NN	The silent treatment didn 't last long .
tr	NN	Part of you wants this . "
tr	NNS	Fortunately , however , such cases were rare .
tr	NNS	There were mammoth spires and little houses and some areas filled with simple tents .
tr	NNS	The beatings grew worse .
tr	NNS	Others wore satisfied smirks ; some , murderous scowls .
tr	NNS	Three pairs of eyes turned to stare at him -- no , four pairs .
tr	NN	Whatever it involved , no-one had consented to tell her yet , even though she had asked .
tr	NN	So much chaos existed throughout the city , everyone was on edge .
tr	NN	The leader shrugged and led the way without protest .
tr	NNS	Gabe was on his knees , his innards spilling out of a giant tear in his mid-section .
tr	NNS	With better access and weeks between orgasms her movements quickly became urgent .
tr	NNS	The aliens could mimic us , but could they mimic these sensations , these emotions ?
tr	NNS	Dragons have long memories . "
tr	NNS	Their sharp edges of the roofs looked like knives that could slice the night sky releasing all the stars from the heavens to pour out like blood .
tr	NN	The little bitch would yap at him for the rest of the day .
tr	NNS	Things must be bad for her daughter to show up on her doorstep in this condition .
tr	NNS	There were four more bars of organic soap , but they weren 't all purple .
tr	NNS	Our quarters share certain amenities , however , such as the spacious floor plan and luxurious appointments .
tr	NN	The lifeguard leaned over Jackie and checked her pulse , peered into her eyes .
tr	NNS	All the castle ghosts gathered around the phone and looked at it like it was some kind of strange animal .
tr	NN	' The same coin at five minute intervals . '
tr	NNS	Other blasts , crashes and yells immediately followed .
tr	NN	The casual clasping of hands sealed their friendship and her fate .
tr	NN	The goblin flopped in his chair , and sniffed .
tr	NN	The werewolf was dead .
tr	NN	The good Master , and those of us that lived , chose to stay for what would undoubtedly be the final assault .
tr	NN	There was a flat screen TV that must have measured all of seventy two inches , and it was surrounded by speakers and a computer console .
tr	NNS	Gramps just died , and I don 't know what 's wrong with Penny , and I 'm high .
tr	NNS	Several cream cakes cheered Cara up .
tr	NN	Our inability to understand numbers was a great conversation starter and our friendship kind of grew from there .
tr	NNS	" Great eggs , " he said finally , putting down the fork .
tr	NN	" The leopard is in your mind .
tr	NN	The mosaic , done in pieces of multicolored brick , was of a great tree with a large , red circle in the center of its trunk .
tr	NN	" As far as the financing is concerned , can you guarantee ... ? "
tr	NN	Sean 's adrenaline eased the slightest bit .
tr	NN	The disgust in their voices gave her a sense of peace .
tr	NN	Here there 'd be no walls to climb , no houses to shelter in , no tomb lids to close behind us .
tr	NN	" The supplier is only a half hour 's ride , and the roads are safe enough . "
tr	NNS	The small villagers were sleeping , dreaming of the crops they would plant or of a better life .
tr	NNS	Your ancestors would cry for punishment if they knew how many deaths lay at the hands of their descendants . "
tr	NNS	" Those drugs made me feel like I was a freak .
tr	NNS	Both possibilities were equally exciting .
tr	NNS	Reyes watched the water , his mind turning in deep circles .
tr	NN	His secretary said he 'd already left for the day , a court appearance in New Orleans .
tr	NNS	Things always go wrong with the plan .
tr	NN	A swish of silk and the scent of Janet 's perfume , and she knelt beside me and smoothed my brow .
tr	NN	There was a grunt , a brief scuffle , and Winter was propelled backwards out of the cloud .
tr	NN	For now , at least , the regrettable absence of thunder was an annoyance , but an expected one .
tr	NNS	Girls have diseases when you 're nine .
tr	NN	The warrior called out , " There !
tr	NNS	It was hard to tell , the dwarves both seemed pretty nervous . "
tr	NN	There 's an implied contract for ongoing service and a clear public policy in my case if there ever was one ! "
tr	NNS	The smells and sounds of the tribe faded behind .
tr	NN	There was an exclamation , a friendly greeting , and a quick conversation .
tr	NNS	Flames roared and undulated from behind him like a seething volcano , yet he stood there unscathed .
tr	NN	Love crossed the room until he was standing in front of her .
tr	NNS	Then again , chances were good that it was just something to waste my time and quite possibly drive me insane .
tr	NN	The Bastian tech finally leaned back from the keyboards .
tr	NNS	Others think that Joseph 's underworld dealings finally caught up with him .
tr	NNS	Those nurses weren 't even cute .
tr	NN	Eric 's growl was low but fierce .
tr	NNS	Squires said , " Give them a little more time . "
tr	NNS	Carlisle 's black Mercedes was not in front of Billy 's house .
tr	NNS	Sure , twins required extra watching , but otherwise , everyone seemed convinced I was the model of a perfect pregnancy .
tr	NNS	The countess had played this very well ; Amira would be in unavoidable proximity to her son for an extended period .
tr	NN	Where 's the bruise ? "
tr	NNS	The newspapers were all over that story .
tr	NNS	Five large globes , one in each corner and one in the center of the room , completed the picture .
tr	NN	" Bit of patience needed , Josh .
tr	NNS	Nicodemus watched me as I fell back through the doorway into the dimness of the hall beyond it .
tr	NNS	Looks on their faces indicated this was news to them .
tr	NN	A miracle , the doctors called it .
tr	NNS	The fumes from the tunic were intoxicating in their vapours , so he was sure that he could get them to light .
tr	NN	* The growling stopped and the tail wagged with more enthusiasm .
tr	NNS	At least her instincts had kept her away from this dangerous boy .
tr	NNS	The currents wash a lot of stuff up , down on the coast . '
tr	NN	Strangely , that sentence brought back Mia as brightly as if she 'd just sailed through the door , saying , hey Madre , and laughing .
tr	NN	The guilt that excuse caused was piercing , and I had to turn away from Jonathan and stare down at my plate .
tr	NNS	The queen 's servants had lit the torches as they passed , each torch burning with a clear but greenish flame .
tr	NN	With stars winking overhead , the backdrop of the opaque night ocean would set the romantic mood well enough .
tr	NN	There was an easy sex appeal to him that made it hard to concentrate on anything but how good he made that shirt look .
tr	NNS	Mages throughout the years sought to wake and kill him , but the mere idea of such a feat was so chilling that few people had tried .
tr	NNS	Kids under eighteen are minors in the eyeballs of Society .
tr	NN	His Lycan had failed .
tr	NN	The stool traveled through the air .
tr	NN	A potion shelf catches my eye .
tr	NN	" Then the Observer Program sprang into being .
tr	NNS	The jagged blades sliced through the vampire 's hands .
tr	NNS	While she longed for a baby , her fears nearly overwhelmed her .
tr	NNS	Her worries now turned to anxiety as she tried to make out the features of the men in shadow .
tr	NN	" The gentleman asked you to call this number if the woman showed up here asking for help ? "
tr	NNS	By then all my flash packets were already in the air .
tr	NN	There was a bustle of energy and an innate joy that surrounded Lucky .
tr	NN	Ahead and coming toward them were a group of five young women .
tr	NN	Rough velvet lapped gently , insistently , at the angry red wound , an intimate , erotic touch .
tr	NN	A chuckle of amusement escaped her lips .
tr	NNS	His actions will save you both . "
tr	NNS	There were only a few other artists there , and none of them seemed to want to make eye contact .
tr	NN	The sun had almost finished setting , only a brilliant sliver of the sun was still visible in the horizon .
tr	NNS	The banks are down .
tr	NNS	All signs of lightheartedness had drained from the man clutching me to him , still quivering in anger .
tr	NNS	Things worked splendidly as the big boat was soon inside the break of the inlet .
tr	NNS	The innards of the great castle were no different than the outsides .
tr	NNS	" No unauthorized persons can do spells . "
tr	NN	Her pulse raced beneath his touch .
tr	NN	' Good move on your part but could be dangerous , ' Love said .
tr	NNS	All characters in this publication are fictitious and any resemblance to real persons , living or dead , is purely coincidental .
tr	NN	" My damsel was distressed .
tr	NN	And her attorney will make it .
tr	NN	He needed her now , needed her wisdom and guidance on how to proceed .
tr	NNS	Flowers and swirls and stars and quotes that reminded me of her and song lyrics and little things that made me think of her .
tr	NN	Jazz turned back to the house .
tr	NNS	Bloody spots littered her dress .
tr	NN	The agent laughed , " Yes .
tr	NNS	The gates began to close .
tr	NNS	Words that might have felt satisfying years ago were unnecessary now .
tr	NN	Further embarrassment with England was not desired .
tr	NNS	Flowers seemed like a useless thank-you , so Cara had gone shopping early that morning for the ingredients and made the dish when she got home .
tr	NNS	The scavengers raised their guns .
tr	NNS	Heavy currents of water flowed down the windows reducing the depressing scenery to a blur .
tr	NN	The cupboard still had some debris from the destroyed communication device and she took those pieces outside and buried them .
tr	NN	There was a slight gentle rustling through the treetops , and in the distance it thundered softly as if from a thunderstorm .
tr	NN	Tonight the bass player was strutting around in a kilt .
tr	NN	A sedan stopped behind the crumpled Hummer .
tr	NNS	His two cousins were waiting in the limo when he ducked inside .
tr	NNS	Because I knew that , to me , his letters had meant the world .
tr	NNS	The Immortals ' hunting horns had ceased to blow .
tr	NNS	Marius grabbed his collar with both hands .
tr	NNS	The gates instantly opened .
tr	NNS	Only German nurses may tend the wounded and our injured soldiers have been sent to camps far away . "
tr	NNS	Things started to fall together as to why we were here .
tr	NN	Her Hungarian accent had become more pronounced , a sign that she was in a state of high agitation .
tr	NNS	There were several factors in our operations that needed to be sorted out first .
tr	NN	The brand-new sweater I wore gave it away .
tr	NN	Our fellow comrade has fallen in battle .
tr	NN	" Because ' t was Eve who tempted Adam ? "
tr	NNS	At the sound , the creatures turned towards her .
tr	NNS	The villagers would pay a couple of coppers to take a book for a month , then return it .
tr	NNS	Our actions always impact on the whole universe .
tr	NN	Each stair was at least three feet long and a foot wide making the half-hour climb up the mountain 's peak very easy .
tr	NN	He looked around , the carpet now whiter than before , but couldn 't find his dress shirt anywhere .
tr	NNS	Well , footsteps would scarcely be noticeable . "
tr	NN	An older highway ran parallel to I-35 on the eastern side , with an exit and an overpass close by .
tr	NN	There was a small puff of dust , and they looked through the cheek and into the mummy 's mouth .
tr	NN	But Love had a job to do .
tr	NNS	Twenty likes and three comments .
tr	NNS	The cases of microchips found concealed beneath a fetid cargo of fish were grade-A .
tr	NNS	Muscles atrophy at a rapid rate .
tr	NNS	A thousand ferns hung from everywhere and the jukebox played nothing but early sixties .
tr	NNS	Our cloaks were removed , daggers stripped away .
tr	NNS	Looks like a single shot tore through most of the docking level and into the core .
tr	NN	Has Eva purposefully kept the records vague ?
tr	NN	" Anyway , glad the mob 's not after you . "
tr	NN	The crisis was over .
tr	NNS	Gold chains dangled from his neck , while gold rings boasting oversized gemstones adorned his fingers .
tr	NN	The stagger was a good thing , causing me to stumble out of Raine 's line of fire .
tr	NN	The tingling abandoned my veins , the pulsing left my body .
tr	NNS	Counts invited me to their meeting !
tr	NN	The eye socket is an open path to the brain , though , so I thought it might be worth a try . "
tr	NN	A fine haze of ice crystals dropped from the roof .
tr	NN	The chaos reminds me of my execution day , and with that , I feel darkness gathering within me .
tr	NN	The PowerPoint slide shining against the wall behind her went black .
tr	NNS	Like Elise , the carelessness of youth was ever present .
tr	NN	" Well , tell us , " Chance prodded .
tr	NNS	" The basics are the hardest part . "
tr	NN	The siren wailed making conversation nearly impossible .
tr	NN	The elder was quick .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of Declan pushed back into her mind as she imagined a wedding day with him .
tr	NNS	The dragon cats had been two more victims of the Sky Raider 's invasion .
tr	NN	Silk clung to her damp skin , her shorts and shirt already baring a tempting stretch of arms and legs .
tr	NNS	Two stuffy suits stride in with their briefcases .
tr	NNS	But her footprints are on top of the ash .
tr	NNS	The mountain peaks now appeared only as the fringe or border of the true highland , surrounding it as the lower teeth surround the tongue .
tr	NN	The candlelight painted wild shadows on her face .
tr	NNS	There are no zombies , no death , and blood .
tr	NN	But a good actor can pull that off , and I had seen my share of good actors in this business .
tr	NNS	" Things our pride and clan have acquired over the years .
tr	NNS	Housing arrangements would be an issue , paid or not .
tr	NNS	Gregory looked at the women around the table , their expressions shocked .
tr	NN	The consultant made sure I wanted to buy it , rather than rent it , and I reassured her I did .
tr	NN	When she presses her thumb against the ID box , the video plays .
tr	NNS	As a consequence , the floors of most of the chambers will become wall or roof , and one of the walls a floor .
tr	NN	One challenge that had gone unanswered .
tr	NNS	Crushed and dying grasses were everywhere .
tr	NNS	Well , surely the younger members were here somewhere .
tr	NNS	He kissed me deeply , our tongues intertwined and said my name , bringing my ear to his mouth .
tr	NN	" There is even a grainy photograph of you . "
tr	NNS	His whispers poorly disguised his anger .
tr	NN	The senator nodded his understanding .
tr	NN	A bell dinged and an announcer noted that the second half would start in five minutes .
tr	NNS	" Can ghosts send text messages ? "
tr	NN	There was even a photograph of the deceased crossing the line in the Coast to Coast race .
tr	NNS	The sharp , precise movements around trees and boulders were razor sharp .
tr	NN	When a soldier appeared from the truck with a gray woolen blanket to quickly wrap her up , her pulse finally slowed .
tr	NN	A single light gleamed , a tiny glowing dot that he identified as Eleanor 's cigarette .
tr	NN	A dry chuckle sounded next to her ear , shockingly close .
tr	NN	That throbbing pulse of power emanated from the massive sphere .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids fluttered for a moment , and then closed again .
tr	NN	Chance had agreed to pick me up at my house and take me to his father 's car lot .
tr	NNS	The drapes were closed , as he pretty much knew they would be .
tr	NN	Just as the fire shot from his sharp toothed mouth the ice dragon responded with another gust of water that froze the fire in the air .
tr	NNS	Benign speeches and unpretentious preaching , unusual with our customary messiahs .
tr	NN	An ugly wooden stake seemed to grow out of her torso , just under her ribs .
tr	NNS	The bright spotlights came on in the grand lobby , reflecting off the glass and chrome fixtures .
tr	NNS	The daggers bounced off without leaving a scratch .
tr	NNS	There were one or two torches lining each wall , giving off a comforting glow to the otherwise dim room .
tr	NNS	His attendants rushed to his side , but for ten minutes the pontiff would not or could not speak .
tr	NN	Maybe there 's some weakness for Henley men in our blood .
tr	NNS	Then there are the underground fights .
tr	NNS	Rock and wood chips rained down .
tr	NN	The guilt I 'd already experienced over my reaction to my mother was just a taste of what Trinity must be going through .
tr	NN	The rope drilled into that pale skin so tight that it was beginning to look like it was one with the skin .
tr	NNS	Questions are spilling from my mind .
tr	NNS	The buffalo masks were indeed exquisite .
tr	NNS	Classes ... classes ... wasn 't there something I was supposed to do for one of my classes by tomorrow ?
tr	NNS	Cadmus was shirtless , a fact that instantly muddled my thoughts as I watched his muscles ripple with each of his movements .
tr	NNS	Things between us hadn 't been comfortable for a few weeks .
tr	NN	Only the tip was on the planet surface , and that was enclosed in an invisible force field that held atmosphere in and most other things out .
tr	NN	The lack of aggressive reply from Daddy was taking the wind out of his sails .
tr	NN	A trickle of foul water flowed through the cracked ground beneath his feet .
tr	NN	In the middle of town is a square that must have been the site of some final showdown .
tr	NNS	My heart skips and my legs don 't know what to do .
tr	NNS	Larger fan motors needed . "
tr	NN	At that moment , my teacher walks in , nodding politely at us as she does .
tr	NN	Below , milk lapped against the stone and the muddy bank , yet the milk didn 't seem to have any dirt in it .
tr	NNS	His skills as a hunter are astonishing . "
tr	NN	There in the shimmering sand was a pattern Josie had seen before .
tr	NNS	Looks like oil gushing from an oil field .
tr	NNS	All teachers and administrative staff report to the cafeteria at once .
tr	NN	The old bitch was a popular topic of .
tr	NN	Lust did peter out .
tr	NNS	The wolves are very real and we are about to meet them on their home turf . "
tr	NN	His soft chuckle trickled down her spine .
tr	NNS	" The healers said that I could be up again tomorrow .
tr	NNS	The blades shuddered in my hands , blocking round after round .
tr	NN	My shrink tells me that making peace with my past may do wonders for my mental outlook . "
tr	NNS	The sobs rip mercilessly from my chest as I lament over my missed opportunity .
tr	NNS	Others need to stay in the home and still others want to heal or research or carry on with whatever work interests them .
tr	NNS	Things weren 't always going to be this way , because Ben was right .
tr	NNS	In between the boards was a room .
tr	NNS	The prince 's quarters are in another wing .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of their day on the beach immediately brought back memories of how soft her skin had felt when he 'd rubbed sunscreen on her back .
tr	NN	Her bullet strays from the target 's center , but only by inches .
tr	NN	But how 'd that little emotion troll get on board my ship ? "
tr	NNS	But before he could get close enough to anything important , tentacles slipped around his throat and arms , pulling him away .
tr	NNS	But those dangerous and intoxicating kisses faded almost instantly when we returned to Lynne 's sorority .
tr	NNS	There were far too many swarms .
tr	NN	One sweep along that coast will eliminate their whole fleet . '
tr	NN	Chapter 18 " Will you promise to love him , " the military chaplain filled the base chapel with his resonant baritone .
tr	NN	Her redemption didn 't come without cost .
tr	NN	Just relax ... Close your eyes and relax ... " It took ten minutes .
tr	NN	What a bitch to think like that .
tr	NN	the knight crowed , raising his hands to his helm .
tr	NN	" Proceed , " the blindfolded leader directed .
tr	NNS	But her fears had little to do with that ... and everything to do with Jack .
tr	NNS	Things were different now , though .
tr	NN	The raven popped into existence and fluttered wearily on to a stump of ice beside her .
tr	NNS	" Where 's your Mercedes ? "
tr	NN	An angel stepped inside the room .
tr	NN	The explanation he 'd withheld .
tr	NN	Their session was an hour long .
tr	NN	Maybe because my mother had hidden her problems behind lots of fake , cheerful smiles until it was too late for me to do anything about it .
tr	NNS	" Your instincts are telling you to trust him .
tr	NNS	The forgotten builders of the stone city used thermal venting from the very core of the planet to generate heat .
tr	NNS	The activities switched for the night as the dancing started .
tr	NNS	" Then our foes will surely have to watch out for him ! "
tr	NN	There was a rustle of paperwork .
tr	NN	Her pulse ricocheted wildly as his fingers laced through hers .
tr	NN	Perhaps absence had made his heart grow fonder .
tr	NN	And that idiot paid him off .
tr	NN	A spark of anger ignited in her .
tr	NN	The dwarf released him with a flick .
tr	NN	Her own guilt stemmed from not spending enough time with David and she wouldn 't have gone two nights without being by his side .
tr	NNS	Lights blinked and flashed .
tr	NNS	After the announcer informed about the next match , the boxers started to get into the arena .
tr	NNS	" There are some mysteries hanging around you .
tr	NN	Chance took Gwen 's hand .
tr	NNS	Rags and feathers , that 's all .
tr	NNS	The three other captains stood and watched .
tr	NN	By contrast their second presentation five days later was all business .
tr	NNS	Other users of the gym trickled in and began their workout after waving a hand or calling hello to each other and to me .
tr	NN	A clatter of hooves and a distant shot was the last thing he heard .
tr	NNS	There were a few instances where they used it .
tr	NN	The peach duvet that adorned it continued the colour scheme of the hallway .
tr	NNS	People 's tongues wag without the slightest wind to stir them .
tr	NN	The notion would have been laughable if he wasn 't suffering so strongly at the moment .
tr	NN	All that opulence and all those riches are what helped to bring about the demise of the monarchy in France . "
tr	NN	The tailor was behind the counter sewing the button onto a suit .
tr	NN	Sydney 's range had almost no bounds .
tr	NN	Her engagement , meeting her long-lost father , learning about her siblings , and of course the wicked stepmother .
tr	NNS	Secrets had a way of spreading , whispers carried on the wind .
tr	NNS	Alexis laid down on the cot as Walter locked the cell .
tr	NNS	The more cases we get , the more control we have over the class action .
tr	NNS	Only these blasts were fifty times more deadly than those hurled by the warlocks and witches at Cloud Chief 's entrance .
tr	NNS	" All those letters and pictures ... they 're lies . "
tr	NNS	In it are two colors of thread , red and yellow , and a pair of scissors .
tr	NNS	Questions start flipping through her mind .
tr	NN	A furious beating of wings arose from somewhere before her , screeching at her , driving at her face .
tr	NNS	People had once hung upon his words his words , attendants made sure he wanted for nothing .
tr	NNS	The slivers of glass were relentless .
tr	NN	" No crown even required . "
tr	NN	But the pitch was right for Daniel .
tr	NN	And adverse this next sentence shall be !
tr	NN	" Why is a scar important ? "
tr	NNS	Sadness crept into his eyes right before his thick lashes swept down .
tr	NN	Larry could imagine Rodriguez in the radio room now , tears streaming silently down his cheeks .
tr	NN	The unicorn snorted , as if asking what had taken Jace so long to figure that out .
tr	NNS	Lights twinkle from next door and reflect off the ice covering the yard .
tr	NNS	" Dogs have a sense about these things . "
tr	NN	However , my sentence on this human still stands ! "
tr	NNS	And the trials are nearly impossible now .
tr	NN	' And there you are , back at the old homestead , ' Love said , and chuckled softly .
tr	NN	But , Ashley , their improvement since they came here has been remarkable .
tr	NN	The conventional wisdom was that the last person to drink the Nectar had the best chance of summoning a spirit animal .
tr	NN	" A wee bit . "
tr	NN	Her heartbeat kicked up , her pulse pounded loudly through her veins .
tr	NNS	Entering the eatery my nostrils twitched with the smell of garlic and herbs , very nice indeed .
tr	NNS	Things had changed in the last few days , not only between Ryan and Laura , but in his relationship with her children .
tr	NN	This shelf almost touched the floor .
tr	NNS	Myles blew out a sigh .
tr	NN	' But no pointless heroics , okay ? '
tr	NNS	Indeed , authorities soon discovered two bodies at the apartment of her friend .
tr	NN	The dragon laughed or chortled or choked ... whatever .
tr	NN	Why does this same scar keep showing up ? "
tr	NNS	Ethan 's eyelids flickered .
tr	NN	The tip of his tongue flicked over his lips , leaving a shimmering , wet trail behind .
tr	NNS	Agent Young presses pause , " Did you have any knowledge of Timothy 's experiments ? "
tr	NN	And the future duke truly was as dangerous as people said .
tr	NNS	The specifics are beyond me , but it must not get out that we 'd been hoodwinked . "
tr	NNS	Four murders we hadn 't been able to solve .
tr	NN	There 's a tap at my window , and I look over to find a hand splayed on the glass .
tr	NN	Her uncle pointed to a bare bedroom that looked out on a yard .
tr	NN	A long , thin , bloody shard split off from the knife and clattered to the table next to me .
tr	NNS	His defenses were up again , but so were hers .
tr	NN	Her resolve faded , leaving behind a pale gray desperation .
tr	NN	The trio could hear the man in the garage walking toward the speedboat .
tr	NNS	The warriors drank the drink from cups made from gourds painted with war paint .
tr	NN	What was wrong , was my concept of what is beautiful .
tr	NN	" A savage tribe helped my father to get food .
tr	NN	" Lie still , " he murmured , and she thought she heard a hint of laughter in his voice .
tr	NNS	As did I. Others will as well . "
tr	NNS	Before , her hugs and moments of affection were rare and when they came seemed , compared to the recent ones , uncomfortable .
tr	NNS	Hands tense , eyes open .
tr	NN	eighteen ( Lily ) December 30th The news of the world travels fast and far .
tr	NN	The nerd who had never clipped the hair in his nostrils nodded .
tr	NNS	If you 're not willing to change , the living arrangements shouldn 't either .
tr	NNS	Her visits stayed in his memories for a long time and he couldn 't remember the last time he 'd seen her .
tr	NNS	Others had seen him and were doing the same .
tr	NNS	There were many experiments focused on the rapid gathering of large databases .
tr	NN	Your grandmother had an accident .
tr	NN	Flowery script labeled the small crystal jar Third Time 's a Charm .
tr	NNS	The bulbous yellowed eyes creased .
tr	NNS	The steed 's reins were slack , loping deep enough to touch the ground .
tr	NN	Pope John 's reputation is so stained that the Vatican tries to erase the memory of his rule for centuries after .
tr	NNS	The visitors and most of the courtiers applauded , cheering as they would for the greatest drama of Racine .
tr	NN	The secrecy was her wish .
tr	NNS	Forensic technicians are already processing your car .
tr	NN	Unfortunately , wrestling changed , but the memories of those gimmicks stuck with their owners .
tr	NNS	All the Guardians have left this place .
tr	NNS	' Okay well the fans don 't need to know that .
tr	NN	Her bra fell to the floor .
tr	NN	Was that just habit , or was he seriously happy to see me ?
tr	NN	" Go to your room , change your clothes and wash your face , " the secretary told her , reverting back to standard English usage .
tr	NNS	The gold bars were still in their bag .
tr	NNS	The seats were tattered but they were soft , and the cab was big .
tr	NN	The unfortunate minion flipped over the rail .
tr	NNS	The dust storm 's droning winds began to wind down as if some massive turbine had lost all power .
tr	NN	Love does not recognize class . "
tr	NN	" Yeah , I 'll take you to the Black Forest one day , there 's a nice clearing .
tr	NN	The firelight highlighted the warm brown of his hair and reflected off his glasses , blocking her from seeing the brilliant blue of his eyes .
tr	NN	Moderate applause fills the auditorium as Leo walks toward me in the back stage .
tr	NN	A bitter half-smile twisted his lips .
tr	NN	A dragon appeared on the horizon spitting fire and ashes on Saint Mary .
tr	NN	The butterfly in my stomach must have mated sometime during the last thirty seconds because suddenly there was a storm of them viciously attacking my insides .
tr	NNS	That is , bits of him talked to other bits of him .
tr	NN	My pen curls around the letters of his name as I write down my one-word response .
tr	NN	Lucan 's scowl deepened with mounting suspicion .
tr	NNS	Things will get worse before they get better , especially now that the Rejects are openly waging war with the rest of the country .
tr	NN	The observation stopped her cold .
tr	NNS	Your fathers are expecting you . "
tr	NN	The werewolf was just a few feet away from her now .
tr	NN	" But apparently the infatuation seemed to have run its course to some extent .
tr	NN	All innocence , I blinked over at him .
tr	NNS	The barn let in slots of light , air sparkling with dust and bits of straw kicked up from the fighting .
tr	NNS	There 's thirty gallons in the tank , about fifteen hours ' worth .
tr	NN	I just couldn ' t have guessed how quickly events would prove it .
tr	NN	The smells of the citrus lingered on the morning air .
tr	NN	My very pulse seemed to throb in time to his rhythm inside of me .
tr	NN	However , his reasoning could not quiet the small voice whispering a warning about the reply .
tr	NNS	Her fingernails puncture Alex 's neck , sending a line of blood down the front of his shirt .
tr	NNS	Several stories down , industrial fans hummed .
tr	NN	The Book showed you exactly what you needed to see . "
tr	NN	The archangel would catch on eventually and when he did he would tap into Hertz 's tracking system .
tr	NNS	The mysteries of the rising hill before you are very deep on your first portage .
tr	NNS	There are fewer temples to him , fewer honors , fewer festivals , than to any of the others .
tr	NN	If so , what magnitude of emptiness had she walked over ?
tr	NN	And this time Cierra had a name ; that would make the search easier .
tr	NN	Love 's too easy to fake . "
tr	NN	The spider web fracture of the rear door window , failed to obscure the towering blaze .
tr	NNS	" No worries , it 's not hard and I can teach you . "
tr	NN	Just what had his lovely phoenix done to him ?
tr	NN	After no more than fifteen seconds , the troll slapped a bandage on the wound .
tr	NNS	" Many members of the Romanian government are in my line , yet I can 't order the entire Metro shut down .
tr	NN	The youngish commander looked up from his morning meal when he noticed the redhead leaned casually in the doorway , smiling at him a little .
tr	NNS	Bugs shouted , walking over with a grin as wide as the Nile .
tr	NNS	Things that don 't involve you .
tr	NNS	" Orders , " he said plaintively and pointed with his finger outside .
tr	NNS	Three more shots went off .
tr	NN	As if sensing her fear , the radiance died away , fading until only an actual book rested in her palms , weighing down her hands .
tr	NNS	However , tire spikes were a threat .
tr	NN	There was soil in the room with her .
tr	NNS	Countless illegal employers made use of their mystic powers to help have their targets hunted down , or assassinated .
tr	NNS	Damon 's pupils dilated as he sniffed the air .
tr	NN	A steady steam of blood leaked from around the dagger .
tr	NN	Sweet Dove , always Sweet Dove .
tr	NN	" My mommy was getting married before she had her accident . "
tr	NN	The very medication meant to help her was actually harming her .
tr	NN	" No kidding , " Adam said , joining them .
tr	NN	Cassidy 's tone dripped scorn .
tr	NNS	His nostrils still flared and his jaw ground his molars a couple of times .
tr	NNS	Rats scurried along the edges of the wall unconcerned about my presence , however , I was quite concerned about them -- I hate rats .
tr	NN	His prey remained still beneath his hands while he drained away the life .
tr	NN	My veil was also floor-length , as delicate and beautiful as butterfly wings .
tr	NN	The tip of the dagger dug into his forearm .
tr	NNS	As it did , blue arcs of electrical energy danced wildly from its core and ran the length of the pole .
tr	NN	" I don 't know , " said the golem .
tr	NN	The giggle came from Lea ; Jaiden was spinning her around as she gave him his hug .
tr	NNS	However what ensued transcended the confines of the stage setting .
tr	NNS	" But the fathers shouldn 't tell us what to do ! "
tr	NNS	The sleeping pills make me giddy and I notice that he 's waiting for my response .
tr	NN	Mercifully , the Professor 's surgery went faster than expected .
tr	NN	Then sporadic gunfire was coming from the south .
tr	NN	The first initiative all those years ago had failed miserably .
tr	NN	A reconciliation was the common assumption .
tr	NNS	Lots of my friends had left to search for what they called " the truths of life . "
tr	NN	A brief probe of the forefinger showed that his beak was punctured .
tr	NN	It 's rustic , isn 't it ? "
tr	NNS	There were even a few Christmas cards on the mantle .
tr	NN	A deputy had prepped him before he walked out to the waiting carnivores .
tr	NN	" Os ' mar showed me once .
tr	NNS	The cushions unfolded from her mouth .
tr	NN	Still in mourning are you my lovely Scarlett ?
tr	NNS	Instead of doing the same , something unreadable flashed in Calliope 's eyes .
tr	NNS	The goblins are already here ! "
tr	NN	No offense to you , sir .
tr	NN	The lamp became completely redundant as bright lights began to shine , snapping on one by one in a circle around the huge cavern .
tr	NNS	Hot needle pricks of panic spread all over .
tr	NNS	Things will come back to you eventually .
tr	NN	And the reflection : " ... have help .
tr	NNS	In an instant the cousins rushed to help drive the huge dog away from Nina .
tr	NNS	Warm recollections of their long history bubbled up from his memory banks .
tr	NNS	The mattress creaked slightly beneath her weight .
tr	NN	The Dark only came every other night , each and every time .
tr	NN	Its peeling paint crackled under his butt as he adjusted himself .
tr	NN	Her accent was slight , and her pronunciation of English was impeccable .
tr	NN	The bastard had to be up high .
tr	NNS	The thick fullness caused her powers to soar even more .
tr	NN	The lair grew quiet .
tr	NNS	The contents of Amy 's closet pulled out and trampled in the search .
tr	NNS	Occasionally , the dark leaders will stumble across portals , powerful ways to traverse across the realms .
tr	NNS	The cold , stinging raindrops continued their assault .
tr	NNS	Others , to the attack that is inevitable inside the settlement .
tr	NNS	The fountains slotted in perfectly .
tr	NN	A hail of shattered objects cascaded down around him .
tr	NN	Zeke 's slight scowl turned to surprise then disappointment .
tr	NN	Not since his regiment left to serve under Sir Arthur Wellesley in the Sixth Coalition against the Emperor Napoleon .
tr	NN	The width of him filled my mouth .
tr	NNS	" Tell her , " Sean demands in a tone that makes me shiver .
tr	NN	The liquid burned , firing up his belly as much as his anger .
tr	NN	Her piano teacher had chosen it for its difficulty , saying that it would improve her skills .
tr	NN	The elemental definitely had a sick sense of humor .
tr	NNS	" Things are good .
tr	NN	" The mating instinct is harsh .
tr	NN	The airport was fairly busy so it only took a few minutes till a man close in proximity to Jackson 's size entered the restroom .
tr	NN	A chuckle escaped Melissa 's lips .
tr	NN	If she wanted to know more , prying was clearly in order .
tr	NN	His nonchalance drove Amira into a fury .
tr	NNS	" The Others caught the men on land that was under human control , so they called the police .
tr	NNS	The waiter finally , in desperation , said , " Drinks , drinks , can I bring you drinks ? "
tr	NN	The sheriff sent me down to collect your sorry ass .
tr	NN	There was a murmuring among the group .
tr	NNS	Things were not going well .
tr	NN	Unfortunately , the momentum was already there and she couldn 't stop the swing forward .
tr	NN	The electricity was at a medium hum , but my energy level was much lower .
tr	NN	The front passenger turns around to face me .
tr	NN	The top landing was small , with four doors leading off it .
tr	NN	Is a priest supposed to hate getting down on his knees ? "
tr	NNS	Some werewolves choose to live deeper inside the reservation , away from the main pack . "
tr	NN	Her orgasm burned through her core , a firestorm out of control , flaming through her stomach , spreading up to her breasts and down her thighs .
tr	NNS	The clients seemed completely overwhelmed by choice .
tr	NN	The Book has a solution for this Royal dilemma , also .
tr	NN	" And that wil no doubt work out best for you .
tr	NNS	I understood now that we had grounded , the gunmen could now just walk up on our deck and finish us off .
tr	NN	Thinking of her is too much , and the acid comes up from my stomach and burns the back of my throat .
tr	NN	A map is nothing without a stick to point at it with . "
tr	NN	" A skinny little feller , isn 't he ? "
tr	NNS	The pools were so hot we couldn 't drink from them .
tr	NN	The palazzo was undergoing repairs , and she had been with the inspectors when they had gone through her grandfather 's wing of the house .
tr	NN	" My sincere apologies ; I did not know .
tr	NNS	Other fans were visible beneath it .
tr	NNS	When we sterilize an instrument , do the germs know where the killing heat comes from ?
tr	NN	The agony in Jeff 's head radiated out of him to touch every member of the team .
tr	NNS	The clerks aren 't doing you any harm . "
tr	NNS	Behind our battle line stood our captains , their house warriors gathered around their battle standards .
tr	NNS	Words like harder , faster , echoed in his ears as Liza gripped his shoulders and dug her nails into his skin .
tr	NNS	She giggled at his description of the foliage , but winced from the pain her sudden facial movements caused .
tr	NNS	The box creaks , and then breaks , the boards crashing to the concrete floor .
tr	NNS	Reyes had never believed she 'd survived the deaths of both her husband and her son .
tr	NNS	Flowers of black grow around the hill , but not upon it .
tr	NNS	Questions like , what perfume did my mum wear ?
tr	NN	Jacqueline 's daughter-in-law was a good friend of Alix 's .
tr	NNS	' Immediately the cards went over .
tr	NN	The thickness of it , the smell of him and the taste of his youth on my tongue awakened me .
tr	NNS	The same sneakers that peel away at the seams because the glue is dissolving .
tr	NNS	The final two pairs of footsteps crossed the entrance .
tr	NNS	But when Delilah reached the bottom of the mountain , her fears reared its ugly head again .
tr	NNS	The buyers of Persia 's book came inside to pay , then went out to get her inscription .
tr	NN	A loud crash finally brought her attention away from the creature in the back .
tr	NNS	' Army servants , ' Roach said .
tr	NNS	Something spacious and dynamic would do the trick .
tr	NNS	The edges curled backward , sizzling , creating an opening .
tr	NNS	Questions whirled in his eyes and she waited for him to ask .
tr	NN	The growl grew , spurting forth from his mouth .
tr	NNS	Images instantly blast inside of my skull , like shards of glass .
tr	NN	I ' l find us a nice , clean place to fuck . "
tr	NNS	Her movements had been pure sex , and the dumb-ass with her had been holding her tightly .
tr	NNS	A million images flashed through his mind , each one better than the last .
tr	NNS	His footsteps echoed in the quiet space , stopping close enough that she could feel his nearness as surely as a touch .
tr	NNS	There were shots and bodies slumped to the floor .
tr	NNS	His choking sobs caused the words to stutter and break .
tr	NN	The highway leveled out , and the mist cleared to reveal a magnificent view .
tr	NN	The bike bucked under me , yanking me forward and then collapsing to the ground half on top of me .
tr	NN	It was snowing a little more heavily now , the headlight beams catching the drifting flakes as they sifted through the bare branches of the hardwoods .
tr	NNS	Those creatures knew that they had to come for us first , that they had to take us down in order to get to them .
tr	NNS	Her movements were quick and sure when she styled it , and then she stepped aside for me to see .
tr	NNS	The seats were already filling with the invited VIPs .
tr	NNS	My Achilles swelled to the size of a golf ball .
tr	NN	He didn , t want to be with Celeste now .
tr	NNS	The mainstream media will back us up , I 've already spoken their corporate offices , and they assure me of full support .
tr	NNS	Reyes didn 't recognize that voice .
tr	NN	a medic asked Devlin while they slid her into the back of an ambulance .
tr	NNS	Things I can 't explain .
tr	NNS	Your actions show that you care about the well-being of the people and that really impresses me at your age .
tr	NN	A treaty and missions with them would open up countless miles of the continent .
tr	NNS	The hits just kept coming .
tr	NN	Love straightened up and looked out the window .
tr	NN	The lieutenant at Benny 's side motioned with a slight nod for the soldier to move on .
tr	NNS	Aris just shrugged in response .
tr	NNS	The aliens all left their simulated solid state to charge at the interloper .
tr	NNS	There were silver frames on her oval glasses and a ready smile on her lips .
tr	NNS	Sometimes my rages cut right to the heart of a matter ; at others , they only made things worse .
tr	NNS	There were differences in the chemical structure of the replication strands themselves , in the organs , and in the many different organisms on the whole .
tr	NN	Last night 's pitch to Huffy Tractor Lites had gone well .
tr	NN	Jori 's vote of confidence should have lightened my heart as I walked over the stony spine of the island .
tr	NN	The ship 's rhythmic sway was one for gymnasts and none of them could claim that occupation at present .
tr	NNS	The restaurants and amenities are beyond compare .
tr	NN	A cur 's downfall was always his temper .
tr	NNS	Some passengers were climbing aboard elbowing .
tr	NNS	My eyelids are heavy , tingling and numb , and I can hardly keep them open .
tr	NN	' Why did your grandma die so young ? '
tr	NNS	His eyelids drifted closed .
tr	NN	The majority of his toys had been all but worn out when he was younger , and most of the games in his possession had been completed .
tr	NNS	" The ogres keep the road tended .
tr	NNS	The twins will be five in November .
tr	NN	The murmuring stopped as the teacher 's stern eyes swept over the students ' faces .
tr	NNS	The inner planets that I have located are in similar orbits , but their optical spectrums are wrong . "
tr	NN	The candlelight played lovingly over the curves and hollows of her body , touching and caressing with flicking light .
tr	NN	The mound didn 't move .
tr	NNS	Your mages have nearly killed me three or four times already . "
tr	NN	The priest lifted his pipe in resignation before putting it in his mouth .
tr	NNS	These visits are always taxing on my time and there 's only so much of me to go around .
tr	NNS	The distances between the walls of the cave became smaller as they went farther and farther back into the cave .
tr	NNS	The two ghosts and Grace looked towards the open door .
tr	NNS	Romulus pointed to glass stoppers with yellow liquid and floating red pellets .
tr	NNS	His thumbs slipped under the hem of her tank top to touch her bare skin .
tr	NNS	Chapter 2 Luckily when she exited her bedroom , her grandparents had just such a distraction waiting for her .
tr	NN	Such a darling little seraph she had been as a child , and such a voice ... .
tr	NNS	Others , rather vehemently , refused to accept that .
tr	NNS	The two visitors grinned a little , and the woman motioned towards Alejo .
tr	NN	His status as the grandson of an Earl and his professed interest in marrying her seemed to be the sum total of his attractive features .
tr	NN	And the guilt I have for Landon not being voted captain .
tr	NNS	The DNA tests matched your DNA . "
tr	NNS	Sandy 's sobs ebbed while her voice strengthened , " Mr. President ; I must go .
tr	NNS	From the giant rotary five roads branched off , leading toward back streets and residential homes .
tr	NNS	The blue spots were larger .
tr	NN	What intrigued Simone and Marco the most about them , was their attire .
tr	NNS	Others were that I was only marrying him for his money .
tr	NN	His honesty now touched her .
tr	NNS	Its ' twitchy back and forth movements suggested it had full mobility .
tr	NN	By the time we were sixteen , the ice cream and movies took a backseat to the boys .
tr	NN	I ' l take care of the Council . "
tr	NNS	And Stone 's motives were , to the dispassionate observer , just that : irrational .
tr	NN	A trident of water spouted from the pail , tunneling into Kane 's throat , leaking down both cheeks , extinguishing his foul breath .
tr	NNS	Though getting soldiers to buy me drinks is not much money . "
tr	NNS	Their murmurs grew louder .
tr	NN	The transition was so abrupt that I was dizzy for a moment .
tr	NN	Instantly the warrior spun back to face her , flickers of concern in his golden eyes .
tr	NNS	The two sergeants stood at attention , trying to keep the smiles on their faces from growing wider .
tr	NNS	On the shoulders , the scales flared into the plates .
tr	NNS	Vivid images of the dream sizzled through her .
tr	NN	On the one hand , a scar would be cool , especially if it came with a good story .
tr	NN	Their first instinct is to leave us alone . "
tr	NN	" And no one seems to know where the younger son of the house has gone , " the Master said .
tr	NN	" A smiley face ? "
tr	NNS	His assistant donned the headphones , an incredulous look crossing his face .
tr	NNS	The drops might hit at random , but they ran down the glass with monotonous regularity .
tr	NNS	Sometimes , some teachers had trouble seeing her .
tr	NNS	The dancers dispersed to applause .
tr	NNS	The creaks and groans of the wood were familiar to her now and Tula felt as though she were wrapped in warmth .
tr	NNS	Every species is constantly evolving , changing and growing .
tr	NN	Lust makes people sneak around . "
tr	NNS	Flames consumed the wharf .
tr	NN	The south may be powerful , but they are not as powerful as the north , east , and west combined .
tr	NNS	The movies he liked she abhorred .
tr	NN	The bedside lamp was lit , and she could see her husband 's enormous grin .
tr	NNS	" Any objections to that plan ? "
tr	NN	The restroom was small , and he stood right outside the cubicle .
tr	NN	The monthly review went quickly .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids were heavy , and her head lulled to the side .
tr	NN	When she came , her orgasm was so fierce that she screamed out from it .
tr	NNS	A dozen or so small brown insects scurried for safety .
tr	NN	Near the bed was a floor lamp , which was currently off .
tr	NN	Part of me warmed in response .
tr	NNS	My fingernails felt as if they were tearing off .
tr	NN	Speak of the Devil and he doth appear .
tr	NN	So then every layer has some kind of emotion that I have to figure out .
tr	NN	Horror and shame washes over you .
tr	NN	That revenge so consumed my thoughts that I barely noticed when Martin left the cave .
tr	NN	A murmured exchange followed , during which the word " procedure " was repeated several times in German .
tr	NN	The next moment he was helping her , his conviction adding to hers .
tr	NNS	Looks like we found it after all . "
tr	NN	The cowboy released him , and Matthew 's stomach twisted as he began to fall but only for a few inches .
tr	NNS	These ladies believed that his lack of words had betrayed a great depth of emotion and sympathy .
tr	NN	Instead of air sacs , the tissue lay in delicate overlapping leaves .
tr	NNS	" Things will fall back into place . "
tr	NN	His goal was to be in business for himself as a manager of citrus groves .
tr	NNS	The fake foes are the programmed droids with no weapons that can hurt and sting .
tr	NN	" Oh , we 're at least a few days from the cave , Healer , " the werewolf looked down at her .
tr	NNS	Myles stood on one side of her , Marley on the other .
tr	NN	The intern entered first , speaking softly and soothingly to the room 's occupant .
tr	NNS	" As soon as David 's garden started to bear , the sand rats moved in .
tr	NNS	The footsteps continued closer .
tr	NNS	" The authorities had access to the woman 's mind for only a very short time .
tr	NN	the priest asked quickly .
tr	NN	The tight linen did not burn straightaway , but burnt at an excruciatingly slow rate along with the pigs ' fat .
tr	NN	Your crushing guilt makes you easy to bait . "
tr	NNS	There were signs where other feet had sought a break , and they eventually found it .
tr	NNS	In other fields of medicine , new imaging techniques , including magnetic resonance imaging and computed tomography , revolutionized the diagnosis of disease .
tr	NNS	Love potions and Nick Bottom and donkey heads ?
tr	NN	The majority of girls I know would feel privileged just to be in the same room as him .
tr	NN	" And rental vans . "
tr	NN	Misty haze obscured everything .
tr	NN	The current senior partner , Simon DeLong , hurried out to greet him .
tr	NN	Every particle of his skin was alive with fiery tongues of heat .
tr	NN	" Ghost , have Humpty get his mortars firing ! "
tr	NN	- Agreed the laptop cheerfully , its face cracking into a ghastly smile - " That 's why I have asked you to convince me otherwise . "
tr	NN	" You ' l have to go outside for a bit , but you ' l avoid Mum . "
tr	NN	The lamb ran back to his mother inside the barn as though nothing was wrong with it .
tr	NNS	Others I heard burning .
tr	NN	The only option was to continue watching from behind the bush , using the moment to take note of his girlfriend 's behavior .
tr	NN	Her spunk was back .
tr	NN	And the old lust , the old desire , would seep into him again ... Mat shook his head , forcing down those memories .
tr	NN	The soil is what you step upon for your journey in life , and holds your spirit .
tr	NNS	Our female companions have left . "
tr	NNS	Without agreeing on it , all three couples rose from the table and drifted apart .
tr	NN	The royal castle provided a brooding background to this strange battle .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids went heavy , and she couldn 't stop them from closing even as she mourned losing the vision of him over her .
tr	NNS	Things were getting too weird .
tr	NN	What was the etiquette for something like this ?
tr	NN	The dull gnawing in his gut told him it just might be .
tr	NNS	" These quarters aren 't safe for such discussion . "
tr	NN	When she moved to stand up , the powdery remains of dried up fleas shifted on the navy fleece of the sleeping bag .
tr	NNS	Because despite the fact that Lilly had returned , despite loving each other , there were no promises exchanged , no guarantees made to each other .
tr	NN	Her heart ached and her body felt as if it were starting to shred into a thousand pieces .
tr	NNS	His classes were interesting , too .
tr	NN	" Sensible fellow probably has his phone off .
tr	NN	He didn , t feel the restlessness .
tr	NNS	On it are grasses , shrubbery , trees , and odd debris .
tr	NN	Her one consolation was that it would be virtually impossible for Charles to follow her any farther .
tr	NN	Bettina 's libido spoke .
tr	NN	My grandma was at the stove making dinner .
tr	NNS	Reyes asked him tightly .
tr	NN	Occasionally , a small electric cart would overtake them and move nearly silently past .
tr	NNS	Screams rent the air .
tr	NNS	A few flakes of soot dropped down the chimney .
tr	NN	A softer melody took over , grounded in peace , in musical transcriptions of solitude and an awakening .
tr	NNS	" As you can see there are twenty seats in the first row .
tr	NNS	The creatures had scouts back in town , but McCoy had never dreamed that they would be able to communicate so effectively and quickly .
tr	NN	" Your momma sure did a number on you .
tr	NN	A beeping indicated the alarm was on and working .
tr	NN	Ghost produced his own pad .
tr	NN	The captain went to the edge and started yelling at the thing .
tr	NN	Or my employer did . "
tr	NNS	" What are the stakes ? "
tr	NN	The conflict lasted three years .
tr	NNS	Only two items remained in the sack .
tr	NN	Like his sole intent was to ruin Clayton 's life .
tr	NN	The equipment was crappy .
tr	NNS	Any surviving technicians would surely be there for the big event -- Estrella was being brought online today .
tr	NNS	These creatures killed Mother ... how could you ... " I drew in a sharp breath .
tr	NN	" The goal here is not to beat the guy up . "
tr	NNS	Barnabas and his entourage are coming ! "
tr	NN	Their leader , the one named Lucien , opened the box , releasing those vile demons upon the innocent world once more .
tr	NNS	His lithe movements made her uneasy and she dropped her hand to her side , her breath coming in ragged bursts .
tr	NNS	My hand lands on a thorn and I scream in pain .
tr	NN	The lions roared and the tiger challenged them ; the camels huddled in the center of their enclosure .
tr	NN	A healthy appetite is a sign of a well and able body .
tr	NN	The darts and daggers skid along the floor with the vest until it crashed against the wall .
tr	NNS	His wickedness cuts through the dim light .
tr	NN	The pilot welcomed them over and helped them aboard .
tr	NNS	Her footsteps echoed off the cold stone walls and bounced back to her , assaulting her with their lack of stealth .
tr	NN	A new roar conjured from the depths of the ocean explodes from the water as a kraken appears a little ways off .
tr	NNS	" And within those categories , there are levels .
tr	NNS	There are black lace trim strips that wrap around the dress and it 's tight fitted and stops about mid-thigh .
tr	NN	Okay , the Case of the Midnight Murderer - you like it ? "
tr	NN	A ramp dropped down from the ground and led to a huge underground parking structure .
tr	NNS	Forty rows and two partitions forward , Captain Brian Engle was dreaming that his navigator was weeping and eating a Danish pastry .
tr	NNS	The clients go away and return a month later complaining about the same problems . "
tr	NN	" The Guild ... it goes all the way back to the founding of America . "
tr	NN	More venom dropped before me .
tr	NNS	Things like kissing and touching their breasts , of moving inside ... No !
tr	NNS	But the chills seemed to have suddenly stopped and Jamie 's face was peaceful as his body was finally able to relax into the mattress .
tr	NN	Some survival instinct kicked in .
tr	NNS	His instincts told him that something was wrong .
tr	NNS	Others followed , establishing three separate paths for assent .
tr	NN	The priest was the only player on the field who was allowed to ride a horse to cover the huge distance of the playing ground .
tr	NN	" I 've been back in your life for less than twenty-four hours , " Chance said .
tr	NN	" Maybe a relative took care of it for you ? "
tr	NNS	Girls talk about things like that .
tr	NNS	Metal strips curled from the table 's corners , locking the creature 's four limbs in place .
tr	NNS	Dry sobs tickled my throat and I took several short and shallow breaths , desperate for air , trying to nod my head but failing .
tr	NN	There 's no real progress going on here !
tr	NN	The import of this , for human science , or at least for human interstellar commerce , was beyond measure .
tr	NN	Even vanity couldn 't get in the way of survival .
tr	NN	So , this map 's over two hundred years old . "
tr	NNS	The night patrols were unmarked cars .
tr	NNS	These zombies were fast .
tr	NNS	Two pink spots bloomed on her cheeks , and I hoped she was having nice , clean thoughts .
tr	NNS	The ghosts of my dreams rattling chains and moaning softly .
tr	NNS	The banks and drifts were dirty and hard just beyond the runway .
tr	NNS	Others more practical but with less professional pride would perhaps have stuck a dagger into each of them before they observed it .
tr	NN	Hannah 's sin was far worse , and the guilt she felt wouldn 't allow her to defend herself .
tr	NN	As he pressed a pair of acorns embossed onto the wood , a panel sprang open , revealing a small compartment .
tr	NN	" No , the teacher won 't let parents stay except for special occasions .
tr	NNS	There were more visitors than he cared to talk to .
tr	NNS	Things were more than a little tense until a small sloop came across to the Seagull .
tr	NN	The mysterious trio crossed the bay .
tr	NN	The narrow highway to Bodden Town clung to the shoreline for five miles , then forked , and the ocean disappeared .
tr	NN	" No , I did not , " the leader conceded .
tr	NN	Another race , the Miku , of which your assassin is one , also see it as a holy thing that we are all destined to achieve .
tr	NN	As he watched it , the panel dimmed and melded over into a solid barrier .
tr	NNS	On the whole island there were but three miserable huts , and one of these was vacant when I arrived .
tr	NNS	Her sobs filled the little room .
tr	NN	The ease with which she fit into his life sent a chill through him .
tr	NNS	" Thank you , ladies , " she sang out .
tr	NNS	" Orders , people , " he said sternly .
tr	NNS	Doors slammed , the truck dropped into gear , and they drove off .
tr	NNS	Flames crawled over the paneling and with cries of panic the wealthy guests began scrambling for the nearest door .
tr	NNS	" Somehow the courts became aware of your unscheduled trip to Cape Town .
tr	NNS	Ammo pouches were on his left thigh .
tr	NNS	Things like this didn 't happen -- they weren 't supposed to happen to me .
tr	NNS	Animals like deer and chipmunks and hamsters .
tr	NNS	The villagers will need eyes and ears in the sky .
tr	NNS	A few flakes of snow settled on his skin , sapping the warmth from his fingers .
tr	NNS	Our trials had only begun .
tr	NN	" What exactly is a werewolf , then ?
tr	NNS	The authorities did not approve ; men of letters and of God should not teach violence .
tr	NN	" There 's a golf tournament that they 're all at now , but want to call it noon ?
tr	NNS	Screams permeated the air .
tr	NNS	No other mansions appeared on the horizon for miles .
tr	NN	A long scar ran down the left side of his face where his eye was replaced with something grotesque and mechanical .
tr	NNS	The mysteries had all vanished from her face .
tr	NNS	Heated platters of food were sitting idly on the narrow white table , turning cold .
tr	NNS	Souls were the currency with which he could buy back his life .
tr	NNS	' Things were better then , weren 't they ? '
tr	NN	The Daimon leader laughed .
tr	NNS	The sirens were getting closer .
tr	NNS	The werewolves in this city needed to realize there was room for two alphas .
tr	NN	The mechanized unit gave a gesture reminiscent of a nod .
tr	NN	The captain decided to captain the voyage to ponder his thoughts and feelings for Sarah .
tr	NN	A startled giggle burst out of me .
tr	NN	The stag began to walk .
tr	NNS	King Jets had been doing nicely up until now and would continue to do so .
tr	NN	Too restless to sit still , she dusted and vacuumed , cleaned the oven , scrubbed the floor .
tr	NN	In front of us was another television set .
tr	NN	The receptionist told me I was incredibly lucky , so what I could do ?
tr	NNS	Oil paintings of foreign landscapes graced the buttercream walls .
tr	NN	The bullet left the barrel in a flash of light , hurtled an inch from Anna 's right eye and struck the stone ceiling .
tr	NN	" Got it , " said the gangly dwarf .
tr	NNS	The nurses said I was lucky that I didn 't have any internal bleeding .
tr	NNS	As a matter of fact , all the known sentient species in the galaxy looked like humans .
tr	NN	But the farther he went , the narrower the course grew .
tr	NNS	His punches were mostly ineffective but it was all he could think to do .
tr	NNS	Flames rose up from her mother , but immediately sputtered out .
tr	NN	There was a bitter little chuckle .
tr	NN	Its icicle fanged maw stretched wide as if about to devour the whole world .
tr	NN	Vented gas and drifting debris surrounded the two hulks like a slow-motion storm .
tr	NNS	Chapter 2 Things had settled down by the end of the week .
tr	NNS	Things aren 't going great with Russ either .
tr	NNS	The jaws approached its victims , gaping wide .
tr	NNS	Her wares defied the colour palette of the station .
tr	NN	His accent became thicker and sweeter as he spoke .
tr	NN	There was an internal difficulty with the sound , a kind of dissonance -- if that is possible -- within the single tone .
tr	NN	His curved around hers , holding her hand still .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids wanted to melt closed , but she widened her eyes and wouldn 't let them .
tr	NNS	Folks , please keep quiet for just a moment .
tr	NN	" So wicked , " the elderly gentleman chided .
tr	NN	The almighty took pity on my stupidity and as his sense of justice always ensures ; he gave me a beautiful wife .
tr	NNS	The shouts grew closer , mostly our attackers calling directions to one another and speculating over where Eddie and I were .
tr	NNS	The Colony members scurry to the side , fearing for my death , but no one tries to help me .
tr	NN	The ripe stench makes me blink but I ignore it and hurry over to the corner where the prisoner lies on the floor .
tr	NNS	Things to do you know . "
tr	NN	Her precious portfolio fell to the cement floor and was promptly forgotten .
tr	NNS	The images streamed in a long vision that scared the living hell out of him .
tr	NNS	The eyelids snapped open and determined purpose glittered at her .
tr	NN	The human condition is a type of infection .
tr	NN	The inability to control the chaos of the situation .
tr	NNS	The drill sergeants paired the soldiers off .
tr	NN	A rectangle of light in the shape of a door flickered between the two pieces of metal .
tr	NN	Adam 's kidnapping is not my case .
tr	NNS	Then , the train 's breaks engaged filling the air with a distant but screeching sound .
tr	NN	The dragon charged down from the sky right on the statue of Mary with the crown of twelve stars .
tr	NNS	The targets followed him .
tr	NNS	" This is all I have , " said Amy spilling the contents of her purse .
tr	NNS	Immediately , the remaining rats scurried to this new , fresher , and more helpless victim , and began tearing at it with their sharp little teeth .
tr	NN	sobbed Every into Scarborough 's comforting bosom .
tr	NN	A curl of her hair slipped over her shoulder , caressing her .
tr	NNS	Rufus shook his head , smirking .
tr	NNS	" The paintings are not valuable .
tr	NN	" My seer was adamant that it be hidden from everyone .
tr	NNS	Lights were on in houses up and down the street .
tr	NN	The squad entered the lobby of the tower .
tr	NNS	Before I can respond , the couples at our table get up to dance .
tr	NN	That lack of feeling wasn 't evident in Evie ; if anything , he would say that she felt far too much .
tr	NNS	Looks like it 's made outta green skin . "
tr	NN	" The bastard deserved it a million times over . "
tr	NNS	" Both cats order him around , so he has to be The Private . "
tr	NN	Part of him wished he was still a child who could climb into his father 's lap for comfort .
tr	NNS	All the members of the crew waited more or less patiently for the discourse to end .
tr	NNS	The sobs just got louder when he sat on the bed and grabbed me .
tr	NN	The sergeant patiently kept shouting at the man , and the men next to him shook him to try to wake him from his trance .
tr	NN	When they reached the entrance , the castle opened like it had a mouth .
tr	NN	Only the outer layer of men would die from the blast .
tr	NN	The temp dropped another two degrees when he saw me standing so close to Aiden .
tr	NNS	Classes would be hard .
tr	NN	The sage stood straighter upon hearing that confession .
tr	NN	Love picked up the blue mug , took a couple of steps towards Stuart and placed it on an occasional table to the side of him .
tr	NNS	Barnabas looked excited and spoke with a true smile , " Excellent .
tr	NN	A chorus of No , no , no , rang out .
tr	NNS	Sadness settled in her soul .
tr	NN	Twenty buck says that while Rachel and I have been moving pawns , Eric just moved his rook .
tr	NNS	And because of this , " he waved the hand for emphasis , a gesture which caused him to wince , " my priorities have changed .
tr	NNS	The videos are open to everyone .
tr	NN	The sheriff gave the signal to lower the truck again and stopped it when the chain went slack .
tr	NNS	Repeated thumps against the door make the jury shift worriedly in their seats , then the bot raises the field , blocking external stimuli .
tr	NN	Your Master is faithful indeed and far stronger than mine .
tr	NN	My grandmother rushed out , still wearing her apron , insisting on pushing me because she knew my grandfather would be too rough . "
tr	NNS	Give tours of the toxic waste dump and sell ears of irradiated corn as souvenirs . "
tr	NNS	The opening door crashes against the wall and the children 's quickened heart beats become sonic booms .
tr	NNS	The drums were so loud they were all I could hear .
tr	NNS	There were hats and hose and boots and belts , swords and daggers ; adornments of all kinds .
tr	NNS	Alexis smiled as Tyler picked up her bags .
tr	NN	The stench came from above .
tr	NNS	His instincts from battling overseas bellowed loud and clear that there were more land mines ahead .
tr	NNS	My translucent inner eyelids closed rapidly in an effort to stay my tears .
tr	NNS	The other chips were fine . "
tr	NNS	My survival instincts kicked in and gave me a burst of adrenaline .
tr	NNS	So the tentacles were buoyant , and from the effort Jason had to put in to hold this one underwater , extremely buoyant .
tr	NNS	The wooden boards beneath the decorative rug creak with every step as he slowly exits the church .
tr	NN	His hunger quickened when he spied a young couple looking at the posters in front of a theater .
tr	NNS	" Their symptoms are much more intense and they can remain in withdrawal for several years . "
tr	NNS	Her accusations won 't go anywhere . "
tr	NN	The large shield he carried had the same dragon emblazoned upon it .
tr	NNS	By that time the dwarves had gone on again , a long , long , way on into the dark tunnels of the goblins ' realm .
tr	NN	There is a rational explanation for everything . "
tr	NN	The stag stopped and lowered itself so the boys could get down .
tr	NN	Her whole perception of reality lay destroyed on the gravel at her feet .
tr	NN	He lifted his hands as he slowly and carefully began undoing his tie , his eyes never leaving hers .
tr	NN	The narrow cushion was barely wide enough for one adult , let alone two .
tr	NNS	Her letters always made me smile .
tr	NN	Once your parents were contacted by the hospital , the glamour shrouding their minds vanished .
tr	NN	Then , a new leader had risen to power amongst them with a plan .
tr	NNS	The priorities you had when you were young and unencumbered were very different from the priorities you have with children , work and a mortgage .
tr	NN	The cancer cells are within me , flamed to life by the HIV .
tr	NN	There was a little sparkle in his eyes .
tr	NNS	At least the light switches were where I expected them to be on the wall .
tr	NN	Where 's his proof ?
tr	NNS	On Dryden 's screen more documents continued to be viewed ; Daniel was continuing his search .
tr	NNS	" What are the chances we 'll be fighting within the next five minutes ? "
tr	NNS	But priorities , and the country , for that matter , had changed through the years , and there was no going back .
tr	NN	The bullet hit him in the gut .
tr	NNS	Remember parents , the math figures can help your child further their academic class into the advancement session .
tr	NNS	Our satellites picked up residual traces of plutonium .
tr	NN	The commander looked to be in his early sixties , with silver hair to match the eagle resting above rows of colorful ribbons on his khaki shirt .
tr	NNS	Others shoot up heroin or take ecstasy .
tr	NNS	Each time they made an appearance , the fans commented on the fan site about Mac 's makeup , wondering why he never appeared without it .
tr	NNS	Cadmus stopped and looked around .
tr	NNS	The edges of his thin lips turn up the tiniest bit .
tr	NN	Another inch and she would fall onto the floor .
tr	NNS	The signs were bad .
tr	NNS	Alexis rolled over and gazed into Matthew 's eyes .
tr	NNS	His movements are not fast in the typical sense , but appear meditated upon until their execution .
tr	NN	The abduction had gotten the best of her sixteen years ago .
tr	NNS	To many the deaths were either a hoax , spiritual or accidental in nature as there had never been proven any connections between the victims .
tr	NNS	Alexis shouts as Emma is physically lifted into the air and thrown all the way back towards the vehicles .
tr	NNS	The twin spots of milk have dried on her shirt and turned cakey and the starchy material makes her feel miserable , itchy and filthy .
tr	NN	" The hatch , " she said .
tr	NN	A low growl emanated from Roth .
tr	NN	" Did the sheriff say ? "
tr	NN	In fact , the footman was tying the two henchmen 's hands to Mr. Thornton 's carriage while Rebecca held the guns .
tr	NNS	Things clicked into place , one tiny disturbing clue after another .
tr	NNS	Others have entered our land , professing to be something they weren 't .
tr	NN	On top of the north mountain , which shadowed over the community , was the home of the old man of the Lord .
tr	NNS	Maybe the headaches would stop once she was at Dorian 's side .
tr	NNS	The uniforms cleared the fourth level , and then the third .
tr	NNS	Two pairs of bright blue eyes met , the one very shy and scared , the other full of interest .
tr	NN	The courtroom laughs , bringing down the gavel from Judge Watts .
tr	NNS	The drops gleamed like gold in the headlights ' glow .
tr	NN	Part of me hopes beyond reason that this is a dreadful mix-up .
tr	NNS	His two associates in Africa were a bit more difficult , though .
tr	NNS	My coping skills weren 't a priority .
tr	NNS	But there were no ghosts that she could see .
tr	NN	It was true , the sunshine looked inviting , but ... " Out ! "
tr	NNS	Others were far more straightforward .
tr	NNS	Others follow , streaming after the first few .
tr	NNS	The concentrated efforts to push the door open degenerated to frustrated rage .
tr	NN	The proof would be in the game .
tr	NN	His misery hurt me .
tr	NN	A golem mustn 't harm a human being or allow a human being to come to harm ! '
tr	NNS	Things were going to happen that would jeopardize the life of Dallas and the rest of his family .
tr	NNS	The cool peaks also worked well at drying out lips .
tr	NNS	Looks like a really good one , more action with Mick Ballou and the farm . "
tr	NNS	" Furthermore , my hats are extraordinary . "
tr	NNS	Out with the old and in with the new ; Ryan 's thumbs needed a new challenge .
tr	NN	The Jeep lurched , slipping sideways , falling backward .
tr	NNS	" However , " the Professor enjoined , " if I recall correctly the effects of these agents are somewhat cumulative .
tr	NNS	What are the chances that there would be freaking two other Cardinal fans standing in front of the library ?
tr	NN	A trio of turkey vultures swung lazily above the rock cliff .
tr	NN	But the madness was there , lurking .
tr	NNS	There were iron bars fastened to the stone opening , preventing anyone from entering or leaving thereby .
tr	NNS	Several signs hang from the walls above .
tr	NN	There was one more option , however .
tr	NN	" The captain calls it Major Canis .
tr	NNS	There was a small , perfectly round hole scant inches from it .
tr	NNS	Images from last weekend sped in blips across my vision .
tr	NNS	Rob 's shouts are still audible out in the hallway but they 're muffled .
tr	NN	The van may not be paying , Paul went on to explain , but he seemed to suffer no great fear for his career .
tr	NN	Its rocky soil was fertile enough , although compared to the unbelievable fecundity of Terra Two it seemed almost barren .
tr	NNS	Right now , my instincts were insisting that if I wasn 't going to give them sex , then I sure as hell better give them food .
tr	NNS	Every so often , the twins came by to complain .
tr	NN	The captain had been at Jordan 's left hand for all the funerals , his lips compressed in a thin line as coffins went into the ground .
tr	NNS	There were two large MPs standing there .
tr	NNS	Reyes hadn 't known the warrior plotted against them every time their backs were turned .
tr	NNS	The clients rose , and passed through the gate .
tr	NNS	And all those fears fell away as superficial and meaning nothing beside her joy , her freedom to experience this joy .
tr	NNS	Gramps is big into " preparedness " even though it 's borderline paranoid .
tr	NNS	" All those fears are over .
tr	NN	Ice cream was her guilty pleasure .
tr	NNS	Radiation levels are still too high to safely remove his body , but measures are under way .
tr	NN	" The migraine is bothering you ? "
tr	NNS	" The authorities say they do not know . "
tr	NN	My uncle was even one of the coaches who worked under Bear Bryant . "
tr	NNS	There aren 't any cameras here .
tr	NN	The Saturday market does not really come alive until around nine in the morning .
tr	NNS	Questions poured through her , bringing her back to reality .
tr	NN	The roar filled her head .
tr	NN	Salem 's blood lust had already gotten to her and she blindly lashed out , her mind unable to affect a proper blow .
tr	NN	The leopard , seeing this , goes right for a guard .
tr	NNS	" Things may have not come to this . "
tr	NN	All that mattered was finding a safe place for his family until some scientist put a stop to the monsters .
tr	NN	The headmaster was strutting out to greet his guest .
tr	NNS	All kisses are five dollars . "
tr	NNS	Their movements were soft and graceful , like sky birds on the wind .
tr	NNS	After the cold-blooded reptile shook its head and sent a wave rolling down its back , the offspring lizards called out with hollow tones .
tr	NN	Nausea sweeps over me when I put it together .
tr	NNS	Hands grabbed my arms , pulling me back and down to the floor .
tr	NN	" And his House will last forever . "
tr	NN	The autopsy had shown that his vital organs were in fine shape .
tr	NNS	When he returned to the main room , the two coaches were waiting on him .
tr	NNS	The no provisions and no planning part , yeah , she regretted that , but she 'd had to try .
tr	NNS	" You know , the insults are really only funny when they 're in text form . "
tr	NNS	If he wasn 't careful , his lies would choke him .
tr	NN	The thick plume of it poured out of the eleventh floor , rising up .
tr	NN	Its metallic rim was perhaps millions of years old , yet still managed to sparkle through the shallow troughs between swells .
tr	NNS	His kisses grew more urgent and demanding .
tr	NN	The vodka seemed to revive her emotions ; it made her cry again , and now the sobs were sharpened by her body 's laceration .
tr	NNS	The windshield wipers knocked back and forth as we waited for his approach .
tr	NNS	Sadness clouded her eyes .
tr	NNS	He touches my clit , circles it with his thumb before he presses hard .
tr	NN	Didn 't being an alcoholic mean never drinking at all ?
tr	NNS	Names are sacred in the Underworld . "
tr	NN	As it did , there was a rustle of cloth and then an old overcoat spun through the air , spreading like a fisherman 's net .
tr	NN	My workout routine is just that , a routine .
tr	NNS	The eggs seemed to call to me .
tr	NN	The agent at Langley was busy telling her counterpart in Paris to get out of town , to avoid cities at all cost .
tr	NNS	Enforcement members were intimidating enough without covering their faces .
tr	NNS	He had a panicked look in his eyes now , his pupils madly darting left and right .
tr	NN	" The murderer ... you know who he is ! "
tr	NN	The agent was to Luisa 's right , and on his back as a bloody mess .
tr	NNS	The other Guardians were still talking about how excited they were when I got back downstairs . "
tr	NN	The autopsy indicated that Ned was drunk and on barbiturates and didn 't know what he was doing , but I know better . "
tr	NNS	Especially since the massages usually led to more .
tr	NN	language , " For some reason I found this humorous and laughed out loud at Momma 's scolding .
tr	NN	What is the spark for if not for wiping us out ? "
tr	NN	The old gentleman gave her a concerned look .
tr	NNS	Looks like they are about to let out . "
tr	NNS	Things could get a little sticky .
tr	NNS	The path twisted and turned , its edges marked with glowing green lichen and scattered mushrooms .
tr	NN	That day Franz disappeared from Sector 5 .
tr	NN	My grandmother always said that life isn 't about knowing who you are so much as it is about knowing who you 're not .
tr	NNS	More classrooms , but these were dark and empty .
tr	NNS	Cars flew down the road , traveling both directions .
tr	NNS	Cassie 's head spun , her extremities went numb .
tr	NNS	" Not all sea creatures are either . "
tr	NNS	" Yeah , my sculptures are at table fourteen . "
tr	NN	The sheriff turned his attention back to Mrs. Thorn and assured her everything would be done to find her husband .
tr	NN	Somehow the design seemed to reflect Steve , the workshop and a loft bedroom in particular .
tr	NNS	The spines drew back -- a little hard to do when you 're surrounded by dirt -- and then plunged into the natural roots !
tr	NN	My goal is to put all American back to work with the quickest means possible .
tr	NNS	The crows flew off .
tr	NN	The inspector smiled and drove off with his passenger leaving the staring bulky figure behind .
tr	NNS	Reeve gulps from his water bottle , then wipes the top with his shirt before passing it to me .
tr	NNS	Lots of questions , Miss , but I suppose you don 't have the answers , right ? "
tr	NN	The bullet had lodged in his left shoulder .
tr	NN	" My stalling has paid off .
tr	NNS	The three villagers gossiped about Serena 's want to trade goods with Conroy , which then turned into a crude joke .
tr	NN	A policeman helped the dwarf to his feet and led him away .
tr	NNS	" Shooting off vicious collections of words The losers make facts by the things they have heard And I find myself trying hard to defend them . "
tr	NN	His instinct was to remove the threat to himself and Francesca and even Skyler .
tr	NNS	Police in Richmond telegraphed .
tr	NNS	Echo 's blades fell to the earth as her arms buckled and fell limply to her sides .
tr	NN	Suddenly a roar cut through the silence and Claire felt goosebumps rise on her arms beneath her jacket .
tr	NN	The newcomer answered more ferociously .
tr	NN	A growl broke from Shane .
tr	NN	The pit went on for miles and at the bottom fires spouted and lava burned in a raging pool .
tr	NNS	There aren 't any rips in my clothes .
tr	NN	The administrator of NASA is waiting to brief you .
tr	NNS	The goons behind me pushed me towards it until I shook them off , and walked by myself .
tr	NNS	Several pairs of breeches , shirts , and leather boots that she held up against her rather sizable feet to make sure they would fit .
tr	NNS	Opting for a faint shimmer instead of blush , my cheekbones looked higher , more defined .
tr	NNS	The passengers , who had been silent in observation , were suddenly whispering and Sarah knew their cover had been exposed .
tr	NNS	Reyes stiffened , every muscle in his body going on alert .
tr	NNS	More gates waited and I got another five , for a total of fifty-four nesting pairs .
tr	NNS	The rental bikes were essentially disposable ; retired from service within a couple of years .
tr	NNS	After a few moments , footsteps hurried closer and a familiar face appeared .
tr	NN	Josh jerked his hand free almost immediately , but stayed so close behind Greg the commander had to be wary of hitting him with the rifle butt .
tr	NNS	There still remained a few dancers , and now to keep the mood going , as one brave retired another would join back in the dance .
tr	NNS	Yet these great warriors and scientists did not remain content with what they had , and greed soon grew in their hearts .
tr	NNS	His abilities enhanced and expanded beyond anything anyone had done before .
tr	NNS	My eyelids drooped , then closed .
tr	NNS	" The governments of Probe noticed too .
tr	NN	A heap of blackened rubble has replaced the Justice Building .
tr	NNS	Lights flashed bright colors of red , blue and green all around them , bringing the dance floor to life .
tr	NN	There was a festival , and I remember her dancing in front of the fire , wearing this red dress . "
tr	NNS	There were footsteps , gradually diminishing , then the sound of a door creaking open .
tr	NN	The petite blonde just glared at me .
tr	NN	Bright crimson lightning danced , stretching to the tips of his fingers .
tr	NNS	" Your species was on the verge of obliterating itself .
tr	NN	The dread that went through her was immediate and unstoppable .
tr	NN	" Too much info , love . "
tr	NN	The denim scraped over her naked sex , but the slight abrasion only turned her on even more .
tr	NNS	When she laughs , her tits jiggle so nicely .
tr	NN	Those slug tracks ... well , back at Durham I heard stories about people waking up to find those around their house .
tr	NNS	His newly acquired fighting skills had filled him with more confidence .
tr	NNS	As they led him through the town , angry villagers threw stones and cursed at him as he passed by them .
tr	NNS	More jewels tinkered down , splattering the blood on the floor .
tr	NNS	Asking him to play something after assuring him that it was okay the nurses did not mind .
tr	NNS	Looks like you have four . "
tr	NN	Cutter leaned in toward them , the foul stench of his breath wafting out even before he began talking again .
tr	NN	The tapping comes again , so I hastily wipe my face and trip over to the window , my heart pounding uncomfortably .
tr	NN	The trunk Lizzy spoke of housed the sixth stone .
tr	NN	There is a shallow by where I stand , and the smooth surface gives me my first real glimpse of myself .
tr	NNS	More footsteps sounded in the hallway .
tr	NNS	Things have a way of getting garbled after they 've passed through six or eight people .
tr	NN	" I see , " the grandmother said , wrinkling her brow .
tr	NNS	Louder crashes became more frequent , seeming to interfere with the electronics of the recording device .
tr	NN	The werewolf was now leaving the scene , striding away and climbing into a vehicle farther down the beach .
tr	NNS	Those bursts of light were familiar .
tr	NNS	The edges of her lips turned up into a mischievous smile .
tr	NN	There was no carpet on the floor or any decorations .
tr	NNS	Lights seemed to explode within the knight 's head and he found himself flying through the air .
tr	NN	A cascade of bright light and amazing , exquisite pleasure took over , until the world seemed to explode .
tr	NNS	Most creatures could make good eating .
tr	NN	The hairy spider clenched into a quivering ball .
tr	NNS	Truly , these kisses were even better than the ones of the dream .
tr	NN	In the corner near the body , a wisp of thick air moved .
tr	NN	" Hurry up , darling , breakfast is nearly ready . "
tr	NNS	" But ... " High-end penthouse suites in the best hotels on the Strip weren 't this nice .
tr	NN	The liquid inside is different all the time and I find myself wondering what it is .
tr	NNS	Torn , stained , the ruffles and trims flattened ... The frock would never be the same .
tr	NNS	Several other members of the crew filed in and out for lunch , some of whom had been Jeff 's sparring opponents .
tr	NN	The third reference was the jackpot for me .
tr	NNS	" Those beatings are shameful !
tr	NNS	Images from last night flashed in my head , making me blush .
tr	NN	When the cougar jumped , my uncle released his arrow , and the cougar landed on top of him .
tr	NN	Perhaps his even tempered persona was beginning to show cracks .
tr	NNS	Closed quarters , lack of privacy , and much danger were our companions on our journey to the New World .
tr	NNS	Cassius broke , sobbing .
tr	NN	The pilot and SS agent sit in the copter , rotor slowly turning , watching the train approach .
tr	NNS	THREE The ghosts were a pre-existing condition .
tr	NN	The only genetic contribution from her that Kate could see was that Danny 's hair was slightly curly , although not as curly as hers .
tr	NNS	The fleas were in hiding , however .
tr	NN	But the physical discomfort was nothing next to her mental anxiety .
tr	NNS	Satisfying images like how I could have jerked her off of him .
tr	NNS	Meanwhile the tentacles were still whirling around , thumping against the car , looking for a way in .
tr	NN	Plain block printing on the outside read " Jasmine Callender . "
tr	NNS	The regular ladies were there too , everyone appearing calm and cheerful .
tr	NN	No good deed goes unpunished with pioneering video games .
tr	NN	The leader focused on him .
tr	NNS	Things can always get better , right ?
tr	NN	Even in his healing bath the dragon looked terrible .
tr	NNS	So the clients can inspect us more closely .
tr	NN	My uncle 's not out of the woods yet , but he 's doing a lot better than he was this morning .
tr	NN	A left-handed injection wasn 't easy , but with the victim 's cooperation , it was done .
tr	NNS	The ladies there became surrogate mothers to me .
tr	NN	" Yes , " said the mayor slowly .
tr	NN	Down the ramp went until it locked into place giving the men a clear path to escape .
tr	NNS	My organs feel like they 're squeezing together all at once .
tr	NN	For some , adrenaline makes them stronger and sharpens their reactions .
tr	NNS	Classes start in another week or so . "
tr	NNS	Even though we were saved from that terrible sickness , our leaders refused to take the necessary steps to keep us prosperous . "
tr	NN	A dimple peeked at the corner of his mouth as he smiled and the part of her that controlled reason and logic swooned .
tr	NNS	Damn wolves were just as fast as she was .
tr	NN	The colonel has set up a med center in the old granary at the edge of town . "
tr	NNS	Fortunately , there were no more creatures in the room .
tr	NN	The pilot eased the plane onto the main runway and pushed the throttles forward .
tr	NN	The compulsion to reconnect didn 't make much sense otherwise .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately there just aren 't enough funds to purchase everything we 'd like . "
tr	NN	The other runner was the doctor who had been treating the wounded baby .
tr	NNS	" Things are going to change .
tr	NNS	Your trousers don 't have to listen . '
tr	NN	There was no tremor of fear in her .
tr	NN	" Yes , that 's what I mean , " said the spider , who could just tell that this kid was going to be a nuisance .
tr	NN	This deed had Travis written all over it .
tr	NNS	Others had split off from the main group and were running to block the mouths of the tunnels along the walls .
tr	NNS	Several paintings sell for astronomical amounts of money , including the angelic portrait of me .
tr	NN	Love hesitated , shook his head .
tr	NNS	Those commands were also pulsing at 60 per minute .
tr	NNS	" Things did seem rather intense between them . "
tr	NNS	The kisses become more intense and he leans into me .
tr	NNS	Alexis looked at Walter .
tr	NN	The roar shook the building and shattered the safety glass on one of the windows .
tr	NNS	Though it looked like something out of the prehistoric past , in reality this species had gone extinct only ten thousand years ago .
tr	NNS	There were rows of glass display cases in the center , and the walls were lined with grotesque statues .
tr	NNS	There were various species of trees , tamarind , Benjamin tree , avocado , pine , and many other .
tr	NNS	Is Billie coming over ? '
tr	NNS	Reyes jolted away from her , that dark lightning gone in an instant .
tr	NNS	Soft footsteps whispered on the stairs .
tr	NNS	At first , these types of people looked so odd -- but I was getting used to it .
tr	NN	Add to that , a gentleman should not invite a lady to a boating party himself .
tr	NN	What new scandal was the Chronicle manufacturing ?
tr	NN	Maybe there 's an easy explanation for the brunette ?
tr	NN	In all of the other ... crisis 's ?
tr	NNS	In economics , all realities are countable and we run our companies on the clear cut operative philosophy of counting it faster than others .
tr	NN	The captain was not who he said he was and there was a look of utter disgust on his face , which made his face repulsive .
tr	NN	All that easygoing manner had washed out of his form .
tr	NNS	Their species bordered on extinction .
tr	NNS	Their ancestors had belonged to proud clans , and they were still fiercely protective of their history .
tr	NNS	Those hideous creatures lived inside her , she knew , and she had infected Nicolae .
tr	NNS	' All our fathers , ' added Michelle .
tr	NN	Binding gentry with even a little iron was usually enough to stunt their magic , but my human blood protected me .
tr	NNS	Things appear to have gotten more complicated .
tr	NN	The thief shoved the knight with all his strength .
tr	NN	The garage remained seemingly unscathed while the rest of the house had been reduced to obsidian skeletal shards frosted with snowy ash .
tr	NN	Just blink , there he was .
tr	NNS	The rolling hills turned black against the peacock sky .
tr	NNS	Just as the dwarfs rely on guile , feint and swift changes of position .
tr	NN	A thin blonde grabbed his arm and shoved a napkin into his hand .
tr	NN	" The dragon master . "
tr	NN	The silver charm blurred .
tr	NN	Amazingly , her breath still came evenly , her pulse didn 't race .
tr	NN	The elder was silent .
tr	NNS	Sometimes those slivers can cut right to the heart of the matter .
tr	NNS	Soon belt , trousers and boxer shorts were sliding down his lean legs to the floor .
tr	NN	The scanner buzzed to life with Lois 's voice .
tr	NN	A leader is someone who has power over other people .
tr	NNS	The streetlights had just started to turn off in the early morning hours .
tr	NNS	The roads were dirt and mud .
tr	NN	The internal conflict showed on his face , and after a moment he bit out , " of their own volition , of course ? "
tr	NNS	" A silver Mercedes followed me home from school today . "
tr	NNS	" Most couples have some differences . "
tr	NNS	" Why have Sebastian 's servants chained only you and not either of us ? "
tr	NN	Gothic lettering ran down each arm .
tr	NNS	The mech wolves surround him , cutting off any retreat .
tr	NNS	The servants who had helped her stood by her .
tr	NN	A sweater was enough to keep warm and I quickly found him walking amongst the large old olive trees .
tr	NN	The angel laughed at her .
tr	NN	The winner gets to choose what we do with that time .
tr	NN	Usual y banging the weapon at a certain angle on its base extended it or a shield and they were easy enough to make smal again .
tr	NNS	If we stopped talking , even for a few seconds , her eyelids would flutter and she would be drifting away again .
tr	NNS	Lights swirled and flashed around the immediate area amid the struggle .
tr	NNS	Road burns covered his torso where the T-shirt he wore had been ripped away .
tr	NNS	The gates had opened again .
tr	NNS	With each appearance , all the band members dressed in costume , but only Mac had the black band on his face .
tr	NN	The courtroom was still and silent as the lawyers held their pens and ignored their sacred legal pads and waited for a great secret to be revealed .
tr	NNS	The old ladies stared in silence .
tr	NNS	The dragon 's deep snores echoed off the walls .
tr	NNS	I know you love them , but we do too , their facial expressions are a blast . "
tr	NN	An unexpected chuckle popped from his throat .
tr	NNS	Where are the paintings ? "
tr	NNS	Cassius leaned down and gently brushed his lips against mine .
tr	NN	The archer smiles faintly .
tr	NN	That shelf is low enough for me to reach without assistance so I grab the box down .
tr	NN	Fortunately , our leader had no interest in my pants .
tr	NN	Probably the largest factor in this Alliance home -- at least for her -- was the carriage house out back .
tr	NNS	No zombies to see up here .
tr	NNS	My eyelids felt like they were lined with recently welded steel .
tr	NNS	The goons said nothing .
tr	NN	" Until the rest of the assembly joined in . "
tr	NN	And besides , my uncle knows what he 's doing . "
tr	NN	In an instant , Cordelia 's Colt roared , spitting lead , punching holes through the beastly onslaught .
tr	NNS	The winds dropped again .
tr	NN	" What is your routine for today ? "
tr	NNS	Too many legends surrounded the creatures .
tr	NN	There was no longer an option to go back there for any reason .
tr	NN	Where 's the justice in that ? "
tr	NN	The top shelf had men 's shampoo and conditioner , aftershave , deodorant , razor , shaving foam , shower gel .
tr	NNS	The experiences he encountered had to be exciting .
tr	NN	" Ah , " said Junior without elaborating , as if that answered everything .
tr	NNS	Making changes was my responsibility .
tr	NN	Has Bran 's innocence been an act all along ?
tr	NN	Even from so far away , the rider would be able to see which way they were going .
tr	NNS	There were members of the Federation military , as well as government , who tried to seize control of their own cities , countries and continents .
tr	NNS	Okay , so maybe there was one vampire lurking around .
tr	NN	Once I found out who it was , a tire iron and some broken kneecaps would look like child 's play .
tr	NN	Despair settled on him as heavily as the weakness beginning to lap at his limbs .
tr	NNS	There 's possibilities for you in the sea that don 't entice me . '
tr	NN	The concept appealed to him ; she could tell by the way his eyes darkened .
tr	NN	The silver-haired elder put a comforting hand on Morgan 's shoulder .
tr	NNS	In another day or two the banks will probably be either the most secure or dangerous places on earth .
tr	NNS	Girls like workin ' there , even so . "
tr	NNS	At first , he didn 't recognize his surroundings , then , as he gradually calmed down , objects around his college dorm came into focus .
tr	NN	How 's my favorite chief secretary ? "
tr	NNS	Finally , the winds abated .
tr	NN	Late at night a thief could have gotten inside without being seen . "
tr	NNS	In the distance , the horrifying crashes and echoes of mortal combat crept closer and grew louder .
tr	NN	" Our weekly dinner .
tr	NNS	There were limits to how far he could go in opposing his wife .
tr	NN	" The forced entry didn 't fit with what I knew about him .
tr	NN	The clearing was not a natural feature .
tr	NNS	But aside from the broken glass , there are no signs of a normal explosion .
tr	NN	The spider busily worked its way up his body .
tr	NN	There was a pot of gold waiting out there , and Judge Fawcett was sitting on it .
tr	NN	" There is one condition , however . "
tr	NN	Alex 's formality forces a snort out of me .
tr	NNS	The physical signs were minimal : a faint hardening of his jaw and some tightening around the mouth .
tr	NNS	The two minions took the cash and counted .
tr	NNS	The curled edges fluttered in the soft breeze .
tr	NNS	" The baths are in there ? "
tr	NNS	Why did those wolves attack ? "
tr	NNS	I unzipped the side of my purse and shuffled through the business cards stashed there .
tr	NNS	" Hot checks , I don 't think she knows how to balance a checkbook . "
tr	NN	A log in the fire popped , but neither of them seemed to notice it .
tr	NN	the sheriff called after her .
tr	NN	The goddess studied him , her head tilting to the side .
tr	NN	Once good folk , for whatever reasons , become entangled with forces beyond their ability to resist .
tr	NNS	The mysteries of his kidneys awaited Windle 's mastery of renal control .
tr	NN	" See , marquis , " said Raoul triumphantly , " she doesn 't want your pernicious pendant .
tr	NN	The chuckle behind her almost made her temper explode .
tr	NN	" The witness will confine her remarks to answering the question . "
tr	NN	There was a split-second hesitation and Raven yelled an order to the kid and another child joined the room .
tr	NNS	Leather trousers protected her legs .
tr	NNS	The outer winds of the Horus began to buffet us , splattering us with grit .
tr	NN	A subtle tremor shot through her and her body visibly shook in reaction .
tr	NNS	The sparse puddles of water remaining have long since dried up , their last drops offered to the rocky fissures high above .
tr	NNS	Their supervised visits were awkward .
tr	NN	And on the back wrote : 16 " x 20 " frame , with 2 " ivory double mount .
tr	NNS	Alexis came out of the back room .
tr	NN	Another deputy radioed for medical attention .
tr	NN	The downfall started slowly , but escalated quickly .
tr	NNS	His first few attempts to walk through a wall were disastrous , at least to his pride , but certainly amused the unicorn .
tr	NN	" No , " agreed his uncle .
tr	NNS	From time to time , his actions were starting to get back to normal , the color returning to his face .
tr	NN	Love , Savannah Beyond the window and through the tears in my eyes , I could see a layer of clouds spread beneath me .
tr	NNS	From what I understand , there were no signs of injury to the animal ; his story was most likely true .
tr	NNS	Two paper strips had caught its throat in a makeshift noose .
tr	NNS	Only classmates from grade school still called him that .
tr	NNS	Sadness washed over him a moment later .
tr	NNS	The two rockets began to rumble as the rocket fuel within ignited , and billows of smoke spewed from the base .
tr	NNS	Soccer captains look out for one another .
tr	NN	The cord snapped forward with a low thrum .
tr	NN	Dylan 's savage growl filled the clearing as Glory struggled up , mud all over her silver lame .
tr	NN	Was her grandmother dead ?
tr	NNS	The speeches began with the president welcoming everyone to the university and the museum .
tr	NN	The only icing on the cake would be if she could find some clues .
tr	NN	" It 's all right , " the sergeant smiled .
tr	NNS	Especially since the Reapers know you 're coming . "
tr	NN	Perhaps the unplanned exercise is responsible . "
tr	NNS	The two dozen cookies were at that golden stage and she removed the sheet and placed it on top of a waiting towel .
tr	NNS	A strange emptiness hollows my chest .
tr	NN	His clothing falls away , burnt by a flame that shoots upward from his feet .
tr	NNS	" Same high cheekbones -- funny as I 've never taken notice before -- but your eyes are brighter , though that may be youth .
tr	NN	The great dark timber scaffolding of the fire shifted and crackled , and the fire belched and leapt against the sky .
tr	NN	As he took a step toward her , his deep chuckle made her feel as if the temperature in the room had suddenly risen several degrees .
tr	NNS	Her Royal Highness sent word I should expect you , but I didn 't dream you 'd be able to visit so soon . "
tr	NN	" The test pilot who thinks he 's God 's personal pilot . "
tr	NN	The designer gown was a tattered , ruined , ragged mess , stained with blood , soaked with sweat , and scorched with black bullet holes .
tr	NN	Our routine hasn 't changed in years .
tr	NN	Love was nearly overwhelming , threatening to drive him to his knees .
tr	NNS	The nurses were running inside and I wedged my way in with them .
tr	NNS	The vegetables and potatoes were satisfactory and she was quite pleased .
tr	NNS	Marius leaned down and looked into the chopper through the ragged hole in its side .
tr	NNS	Further attempts to resuscitate him had gone for naught .
tr	NNS	Like Stacey , my classmates had stopped what they were doing to just watch him .
tr	NNS	The competitors seemed equally surprised as the rest of the crowd .
tr	NNS	Specific fears have become irrelevant .
tr	NNS	And these two arrogant idiots had chosen now , of all times , to interfere .
tr	NN	Was I truly Scots , the bard asked .
tr	NN	" What have my passenger done to you ?
tr	NNS	Lots of leather , imported beer , and enough DVDs to sink a battleship .
tr	NN	For over two years , the government had been trying to get the destroyed homes rebuilt , but it was slow going .
tr	NN	The crash of the falling city was all around him .
tr	NNS	Seven pairs of eyes turned toward the phone .
tr	NNS	Finally seeing the arrow in her thigh , pangs of sadness fill his soul .
tr	NN	Her red fan of gill fluttered furiously at her shoulders as she fed the girl slices of raw fish .
tr	NN	Now there was an achievement to be proud of !
tr	NNS	The eggs hatch into carnivorous larvae that spread far and wide .
tr	NN	The venue was beautiful , something I would have chosen actually , but it was peanuts in comparison to Cece 's previous nuptials .
tr	NN	Link might as well have lobbed a grenade at Ridley , instead of three little words .
tr	NN	Berserk lust is likely not the best frame of mind for removing them .
tr	NN	Then came the passenger , simultaneously gasping for breath and moaning .
tr	NNS	Her great designs came far too infrequently for a designer looking to break out .
tr	NN	A curious silent exchange passed between Sergei and Felix , and a strange prickling feeling came over Reuben .
tr	NN	With a nod , the captain of Grey House and his employees moved on and disappeared into the crowd .
tr	NNS	Myles checked the garage .
tr	NNS	The dwarves ( and Bilbo ) were feeling far from happy , and were rubbing their bruised and damaged legs and feet .
tr	NNS	These unsolved mysteries left me with a massive sense of dread .
tr	NNS	Your moronic demands are not the priority !
tr	NNS	My kisses can 't be what he 's used to .
tr	NNS	My ancestors concluded that our kind needed the protection and clout that money could buy .
tr	NN	The great female wolf warrior is giving herself up ?
tr	NNS	Others just stood and stared , watching him with reverence .
tr	NN	Song and Echo looked at each other , unable to hide their exuberant expressions .
tr	NN	A nearby neighbor heard the gunshot and called police .
tr	NNS	Huntress passed the usual question about his talking and looked over to the commander of this group .
tr	NNS	Shouts of joy and relief filled the air as people met with those they feared dead .
tr	NNS	His companions closed in around him .
tr	NNS	Tanks nearer the city fired into Gargano and wiped whole machines away in a flash .
tr	NN	er , seeds , we brought did not function ... .
tr	NN	The sheriff was already talking on his two-way radio .
tr	NNS	A strangled , burning sob wedged in her throat .
tr	NN	The siren grew deadly serious .
tr	NNS	Silver drops of liquid spangled his eyelashes as he lowered his glance to hers , leaned to whisper in her ear .
tr	NNS	His eyelids were like flower petals in the sun ; this was not a matter of free will .
tr	NN	The kidnapper chuckled and then said , " You 've got spirit , girl .
tr	NN	Not until then did I ful y grasp the need for Sentinels .
tr	NN	" No , Vessel , " the high priest said .
tr	NNS	" My in-laws are good people .
tr	NN	" The ale is not to your liking ?
tr	NNS	On this side of the door the torches flickered , casting long shadows on the rough floor .
tr	NN	His tarnished honor fascinated her .
tr	NNS	The other wolves had scattered back , but when they saw her rushing forward , the grey beast tossed his head and howled .
tr	NNS	There was something strangely illicit , erotic even , about touching the wire .
tr	NN	Her teacher waved them through crowds of sleepy early-morning flyers and to a large glowing billboard that listed all the flights for the next several hours .
tr	NNS	Others in the village were even more indifferent to the actual sufferings of people they had never met .
tr	NNS	Girls start keeping it short and the boys make sure it all looks really expensive .
tr	NN	His partner crouched a few steps away .
tr	NNS	" What purpose did your tours serve ?
tr	NN	Jazz is to music as free verse is to poetry or abstract is to painting .
tr	NNS	However , being the youngest and only female in the family , her siblings did the overprotective older brother routine to perfection .
tr	NNS	The goons believe they 're saving the world .
tr	NNS	Words scrolled across the bottom of the screen .
tr	NNS	The spires were so distant that they looked like needles trying to draw blood from the blue skin stretching across the crater 's edge .
tr	NNS	With millions to spend for the best criminal lawyers , the trials could drag on forever .
tr	NNS	Moments ago , all radar screens aboard the Goya had most certainly gone blank .
tr	NN	" Unfortunately for her the royal engagement contract made her his wife the moment he died . "
tr	NNS	Things I shouldn 't be thinking about just as we were about to get off of the bus .
tr	NN	A great tank pulled alongside , ready to block his way .
tr	NNS	Things were different now .
tr	NNS	Officials are investigating the cause of the fire .
tr	NN	the head cleric said , his look darting back between the three of us .
tr	NNS	Money trails were simple .
tr	NNS	Screams and growls filled the air as Ryder fought his way through the second Genesis facility .
tr	NNS	I could see may different types of vegetables in it , as well as many kinds of spices floating on the top .
tr	NNS	His designs were striking and unusual .
tr	NN	This time Louise broke it .
tr	NNS	His sources had come through again .
tr	NNS	" Folks will say Jimmy blew up your house .
tr	NN	On top of the table was a thin glass champagne flute , very fragile .
tr	NNS	" The uniforms have their own space ! "
tr	NN	There was a soft growl in his gentle voice , just enough to send a shiver along her spine .
tr	NNS	My heart thumps out of control and guilt constricts my breathing .
tr	NNS	" Things seem to be looking up , but I take one minute at a time . "
tr	NN	A map pulls up of the facility with a bunch of red dots that are moving slowly across the screen .
tr	NN	The mayor was a busy man and didn 't waste time on unnecessary visits .
tr	NN	The maid shook her head and made a telephone gesture .
tr	NNS	Not that Stuart or Love had time to appreciate any of that right now .
tr	NNS	With each flick of the magician 's hand , the tigers , one by one , did a back flip , disappearing in midair .
tr	NN	Gwen 's posture changed suddenly , her shoulders became square and a look of fierce determination appeared on her face .
tr	NN	Not even a slice of chocolate heaven could revive her appetite .
tr	NN	Os ' mar happily took the left overs , making sure to compliment Gain on her cooking .
tr	NNS	The electric gates opened , and he drove through .
tr	NNS	The authorities in District 13 were against my coming back .
tr	NNS	The sirens were growing ever louder .
tr	NN	This snotty English baron wants to buy Daddy 's golf course so he can put up a textile machinery factory .
tr	NNS	As usual , the long locks had gone blond with joy while she 'd been out in the fields .
tr	NN	' The Prophecy of Gray ' trapped you , as it trapped us , long ago . "
tr	NN	Daniel 's long tail dragged in the dirt and his large ears drooped in despair .
tr	NN	" Some creep at the theater was harassing me .
tr	NNS	The executive suites of Cameron Enterprises occupied the entire fiftieth floor of Cameron Center .
tr	NNS	" All the witnesses who were here before we came could swear it is their priest . "
tr	NN	Their affliction , she had lived all over , until the last drop of pain .
tr	NN	So much for Dorian charming the Beech squadron 's leader .
tr	NN	A heap of snow tumbled out .
tr	NN	A sob escaped Eve , shattering the quiet .
tr	NN	" My venom may not be as strong as it used to be , but it 's still potent enough . "
tr	NNS	The three mercenaries felt the ground tremble .
tr	NN	The purity at the heart of her magic defied the tainted energies around them , driving it back with a hiss that punctuated its displeasure .
tr	NNS	The ramifications of what they were doing came back full force , nearly sending her into a frenzied panic .
tr	NNS	The shifters emerged from the foyer , the balcony , the sanctuary 's hidden wings , surrounding Patrick and the crown .
tr	NN	The difficulty was in maintaining her balance .
tr	NN	The squirrel made a fast U-turn and streaked for another tree .
tr	NNS	My heart drums and my chest burns , desperately wanting to be bare .
tr	NN	The shorter priest turned away from the exit , ready to storm back to the cabin for answers .
tr	NN	Her gratitude for the crutches vanished when both girls raced down the stairs in full-throttle begging mode .
tr	NN	But the colonel wasn 't interested in my advice , only in using me .
tr	NN	My journalism teacher asked us to write a story on something related to our high school experience .
tr	NN	Below him , a multitude of unbroken pots and artifacts rested untouched .
tr	NN	Gabriel 's chuckle made me do it again .
tr	NN	There was another explanation .
tr	NN	The clang we heard behind us made it clear we 'd committed to a course of action .
tr	NNS	" Last time the people fought , " Prof said , " the Epics slaughtered millions and the country collapsed . "
tr	NNS	Frantic , unskilled kisses stoked the fire of their passion .
tr	NNS	The seamstress fussed with the back of my dress as I stood there before the girls , waiting for their thoughts .
tr	NN	The miracle is that you can still buy things with it .
tr	NNS	The colors of the rainbow that surrounded her grew brighter , becoming almost painfully intense .
tr	NNS	The media had been all over his sudden appearance .
tr	NN	The tray was in his hand .
tr	NN	' What 's your usual prey ? '
tr	NNS	The mesh slats below allowed the water to rise up enough to lick at his feet and fill his shoes .
tr	NNS	The stakes had been high , but she knew a winning hand when she saw one .
tr	NNS	Instead of the result I wanted , my actions caused the walls around me to collapsing behind me .
tr	NNS	" Well , other covens have had more than one leader .
tr	NNS	In the center were little alphabet magnet letters that spelled Ali .
tr	NN	Sometimes momma can be so dramatic .
tr	NNS	Things that meant Lucien was in danger in a variety of ways .
tr	NN	The van sputtered again and began to lose power .
tr	NN	The next staircase is intact .
tr	NN	Perhaps the duke came in and carried her off .
tr	NNS	His multicolored scales glisten in the sunlight , lighting up the rock and the water that surrounds it like a rainbow .
tr	NNS	The fans were still out there in front of the building on Wednesday when they left .
tr	NNS	But maybe the rats are right .
tr	NN	The carpet was the same as the one in the bedroom and on the stairs .
tr	NNS	Images flickered on and out in the little screen at the corner of his board as he keyed it to new sensors farther and father out .
tr	NNS	There were signs for all the guys , and fans still wanting their autographs , but Mac seemed to have the only negative signs .
tr	NNS	The temperatures are quickly dropping and it 's obvious .
tr	NNS	The drinks and gel packs .
tr	NN	In addition , there was a definite cackle along with what could only be described as a rolling snicker .
tr	NNS	" What are the chances ? "
tr	NN	The male tender delved into the past and grasped at threads of memory from further down the tree .
tr	NN	By that time the bundle of bones had become as light as an infant .
tr	NNS	Classes were okay , mostly .
tr	NNS	Chapter Three The little blue mini pulled onto the shoulder of the road as soon as Randy flipped on his red lights .
tr	NN	Luca Hearn , the final member of their group , spoke , his Romani accent thicker from his exhaustion .
tr	NNS	Reapers and their cruel schemes had a way of doing that to you .
tr	NN	The landlord didn 't seem to care about organisation or maintaining anything but that suited me fine .
tr	NN	Love , then Thyself just underneath , then Last below that .
tr	NN	Through the smoke , the unit could see the muzzle flash from the huge barrel as it fired .
tr	NNS	" No worries , mate .
tr	NNS	" The rats said you might remember . "
tr	NN	Her exploration stopped and he looked at her .
tr	NNS	All thirty explorers had disappeared .
tr	NNS	After all , didn 't most Internet wrestling fans hate the way women were treated on Burn anyway ?
tr	NNS	The smugness in Baker 's voice irritated Ken but at least the idiot had put his broken lamp on the table .
tr	NN	An icy dread pumped through Sarah 's veins .
tr	NNS	Her actions were risks , but they were calculated ones that she had to take if she was ever to achieve her captain 's stripes .
tr	NNS	The ladies , most of whom Muncie didn 't recognize , wore dresses so big that the skirts swirled about them like colorful clouds .
tr	NN	The cushion between Gary and Josephine exploded and stuffing burst into the air .
tr	NNS	Did the nuns name you ? "
tr	NN	Her rounded belly looks like a beach ball she 's clutching .
tr	NNS	She sensed Alice would be a good friend to Pandora , felt good vibes .
tr	NNS	Diggs touched my arm , but I shrugged him away .
tr	NNS	" Come on , those rats are down there every night chewing on a smorgasbord of corpses . "
tr	NN	" You 'll have time in class to go over these guidelines and become thoroughly familiar with them , " the new principal said .
tr	NN	The zero-tolerance regime imposed by Warden Carson de Ath , at last , got too much .
tr	NN	With a determined tread the vicar set off for the estate , completely unafraid .
tr	NN	" And my birthday 's tomorrow ! "
tr	NN	Plop bang bang plop was the engines response and a small white cloud puffed out of the exhaust stack .
tr	NN	A thin layer of perspiration covered her body , and it took all her strength to stop shaking .
tr	NNS	There were murmurs of agreement from the table .
tr	NN	" The Ambassador would never forgive me . "
tr	NN	I don ' t imagine you 've eaten for hours . "
tr	NN	" The tournament starts in thirty minutes .
tr	NN	There , as he had hoped , a map of Constantinople revealed itself .
tr	NNS	Those images evoked anxiety that seized him back then .
tr	NNS	Both ladies turned and stared at me .
tr	NN	" Quick 's organization is rotten from the top down .
tr	NN	My asset says the guy speaks Mandarin and other dialects , but he sure as hell doesn 't look Chinese .
tr	NN	Just a few days ago the word mate would have made him break out in hives .
tr	NNS	Words like " whore " and " slut " were not even in her vocabulary .
tr	NNS	The treasury was there , the crown and crown jewels were also there inside the archives .
tr	NN	My uncle was with Diana , waiting in one of the side rooms .
tr	NNS	As are the techniques . "
tr	NN	Her assessment of my physical appearance was pleasing , but I felt the need to meet her approval on a deeper level .
tr	NNS	There were no real facts on that in the profile I received . "
tr	NN	" Your surgery is barbaric .
tr	NN	A furious roar rang in the air and Inez frowned because she hadn 't seen the blond immortal 's mouth move .
tr	NNS	There were four areas where upright stones marked some kind of ritual ceremony , only they were mostly grown over with grass .
tr	NN	Whoever did the shopping might have to carry out a two weeks ' supply of foodstuffs for eight people or more .
tr	NNS	Soldiers suffer to protect their loved ones and country .
tr	NNS	Already cells were breaking down , causing hemorrhages .
tr	NNS	Older villagers recognized him , though , and Altair noticed them watching the party carefully , not with welcome but wariness .
tr	NNS	There were a few hulking bronze sculptures , all of predictable mythological figures , very old-fashioned .
tr	NN	The attire was fashionably drab and suitable for the hunt .
tr	NNS	There were no signs of disaster .
tr	NNS	The rats banded together in a tight pack , eyes ablaze , their mouths foaming with blood .
tr	NN	The second tremor began to tilt the ship and knocked me inside the lift at a harsh angle .
tr	NN	The tribe consisted completely of warriors .
tr	NNS	" Your Highness , we must leave .
tr	NNS	The two nuns immediately opened their mouths and stared at each other .
tr	NNS	The footsteps echo in the room as he approaches closer .
tr	NN	The script was spidery , and he still did not read very well .
tr	NN	" Well , cupcake , if you had been listening , you would know .
tr	NN	Each concept dictates their own methods of achieving the aims set by the Earth Company .
tr	NNS	Her porcelain caps shone brilliantly .
tr	NN	On her helm , a red mane identified her as the dwarf maiden serving as the leader this hour .
tr	NNS	" The winds were well within limits , too .
tr	NNS	The scenes unfolding were baffling Harald more than anyone .
tr	NN	The tip singed through his shirt immediately and began to burrow into his skin .
tr	NNS	Adam 's sneakers scuffed on the sidewalk .
tr	NN	The inspector you 've been talking to for years died in front of you .
tr	NN	" You call it this time , " the guitarist said from behind his mask .
tr	NNS	Jewels , coin and rich clothing we do not need .
tr	NNS	At thirty-three years old Sal became the youngest CEO of any company to earn a ranking on Fortune 500 that year .
tr	NN	" I ' l always come looking for you , Gypsy girl . "
tr	NN	A layer of plastic covered the rest and once inside , I would be able to see if the roof was glass or plastic .
tr	NNS	The bikes began to rise .
tr	NNS	Orders were specific there would be no prisoners .
tr	NN	The younger Lightning slammed down his gift on top of the older one 's .
tr	NNS	Marius stood next to Colton .
tr	NNS	There are no consequences for what you do or serious risks for yourself .
tr	NNS	The servants were grabbing items like vases and paintings then running away with them .
tr	NNS	Girls would always be coming and going .
tr	NNS	" The creatures you see here are minions , soldiers and servants .
tr	NN	A loud grunt escaped his lips , as his body , hard as an iron rod , quivered as he came .
tr	NNS	The winds were blowing on shore , toward the Golden Gate Bridge and from the north .
tr	NNS	What colours the subdued leaders had , the servants had none but dullness .
tr	NN	A porn star . "
tr	NN	Their clothing and hair made her think they must have been Native American .
tr	NNS	Both wolves had recovered their balance now .
tr	NNS	For the rest , there were a few cottages along the shore , mostly uphill a bit , with wooden stairs going down to the docks .
tr	NNS	The ninja 's blades eat through them as if they were being fed into a shredder .
tr	NNS	There were definitely more piercings , tattoos and other body modifications than I was used to , which , I had to admit , was intimidating .
tr	NN	There was no greater proof of the masking Cain had suspected than the body in front of him .
tr	NNS	" Never seen a baker traveling with loaves of bread , " said the bandit as he eyed the contents of the small wagon .
tr	NNS	The possibilities of how he actually supported himself were just starting to occur to her when she realized how isolated the terrain was .
tr	NN	Even the worst specimen of anything has to have a quality or two in order to survive even if they seem to be nothing but flaws .
tr	NNS	Throughout the rest of the spring and on into the summer , the rows and blazing arguments raged on .
tr	NNS	" The shapeshifters ruled then , and they were brutal .
tr	NNS	Lots of hiding spots for kobolds .
tr	NNS	Things were going along quite well as I checked out the window of my office occasionally and saw that he was making great progress .
tr	NNS	The movies finished and Trey and Savannah were the last to leave .
tr	NN	But ... the legend says ... He shook his dark head and bent to inspect her small wounds .
tr	NN	" Ladies , keep it down , " calls the teacher .
tr	NNS	Hands grabbed my shoulders .
tr	NNS	At a gesture from the Nilo thing , the mech wolves retreated several paces .
tr	NNS	If they really had taken a big wagon , the coaches would catch them tomorrow , when the mountains were still a distant prospect .
tr	NNS	Everything and everyone Oliver associated with that specific feeling .
tr	NNS	All magic users must join or give up the use of their abilities .
tr	NN	The security agent meanwhile trailed Connor as soon as he left the bar .
tr	NN	Had the Guild been using the facility as their own personal bank ?
tr	NN	Almost stuttering between crying and speech , Hannah gasped out , " Is ... he ... dead ? "
tr	NNS	" Too bad the ladies would have a hard time agreeing with that sentiment , eh ? "
tr	NNS	And their young minds were so easy to scan .
tr	NN	The captain scratched his beard , eyeballing the towering rock faces .
tr	NN	He was soon joining her , his growls mingled with hers , almost before he realized he was coming .
tr	NNS	Alexis noticed his piercing blue eyes that complimented his dark wavy hair .
tr	NN	The tentacle swung back toward Norman .
tr	NNS	The guard 's footsteps faded into silence .
tr	NN	The newly arrived trio overheard the words .
tr	NNS	Plus , there were trails .
tr	NNS	A few passengers idly observed his cut cheek and damaged clothing .
tr	NN	Nodding satisfaction and silently thanking his personal gods , the captain turned to Tobias .
tr	NNS	Muscles bunched and gathered in his arms , tendons tight in his neck .
tr	NN	The welcome ritual was powerful and moving and would make her feel instantly connected .
tr	NN	The stench of body odor and tobacco wafted through the air .
tr	NN	David 's blush deepened .
tr	NNS	My skills are a lot more mundane .
tr	NNS	Rift 's sandals slurp up out of the ground as he attempts to back away in a panic .
tr	NN	Rape , sexual assault , whatever a man stole from an unwilling woman was disgustingly cowardly .
tr	NN	The troll stomps at me .
tr	NNS	Two life sentences is still life .
tr	NN	" But her uncle and I stay in touch even though I do my best to avoid her . "
tr	NN	A large skeleton recoils the savage attack , taking a difficult step forward to attempt another .
tr	NN	There was page after page of mathematical equations on ballistic trajectory .
tr	NN	The vicar looked at him in silence for a few long moments then spoke as if he hadn 't heard Clarence 's remark .
tr	NN	" Yesterday 's bustle put the management into a quandary .
tr	NNS	At last she lands on , " What 's happening to me ? "
tr	NN	His condition was worsening .
tr	NN	The lamp blinked off inside the bunker .
tr	NNS	This tightness propelled the browning goo to his stomach with a force that almost shook him , like an old machine .
tr	NN	Suddenly a loud electrical shriek pierced the air , making her flinch as it assaulted her wolf 's hearing .
tr	NN	A sharp shriek pierced the night as the painful presence of snapping jaws clenched down upon his shoulder and claws shredded at his skin .
tr	NNS	Makes a fist , starts to throw a punch ... then stops .
tr	NNS	Rawlings was still on the floor , head in his hands .
tr	NN	What is the reasoning behind the red ? "
tr	NN	Even if they were both healthy , he thought , no condom meant there was a chance at an unexpected pregnancy .
tr	NNS	My heart jolts like a thousand watt current just zapped it with the reminder .
tr	NNS	The only two teachers that showed up in my dream had conveniently become two of my new teachers .
tr	NNS	Laurent 's story-telling abilities hadn 't really come up much in their relationship .
tr	NN	A sob escaped me as our mouths moved together .
tr	NN	The hangover was easing , and she couldn 't wait to get back to the station .
tr	NN	After numerous incidents , a reputation formed that clearly stated that they were not by any means easy targets for individuals to steal from .
tr	NNS	There were so many possibilities .
tr	NN	Before he could ask more a gong sounded , followed by the heavy beat of a drum .
tr	NN	Gerhard 's hatred had driven the boy from his home and straight into Henry 's service as soon as he earned his spurs .
tr	NNS	Now the footsteps of the three boys grew faster .
tr	NN	" Rogue agent , " I supplied .
tr	NN	This new Phoebe scared her .
tr	NN	A tray near the stove held two soup bowls waiting to be filled and a box of Junior Mints .
tr	NN	" Don 't move , " a gentleman said , resting a gnarled hand on her shoulder .
tr	NNS	There were two spots of red on her long , pale face .
tr	NNS	Two paces put him in the center of the living room .
tr	NN	The stroke of her palm up and down was quick and forceful .
tr	NN	The instinct to put space between us came from nowhere , but I ignored it .
tr	NN	A shiny black beetle crawled over the lip of the tin and began wallowing in the maroon paste .
tr	NN	The trick is to plant both my feet on the ground , near the wall .
tr	NNS	Animals lay slaughtered in yard and paddock , oozing maggots or feasted on by carrion birds that squawked skywards at the men 's approach .
tr	NNS	There are minor spikes and fluctuations , but it doesn 't seem to be a problem .
tr	NN	The boat was a sight more steady then the dock had been .
tr	NN	There was a slight challenge in her voice .
tr	NNS	The travelers made their way to the boats and out to sea , floating through a thousand reflections of light to the vessel sleeping in deeper waters .
tr	NNS	" All the blood supplies originally go to the main ship .
tr	NNS	The creatures are too fragile , as you said . "
tr	NN	The fire crackled and the Mog who was at Elsa 's feet curled beside the flames for a nap .
tr	NNS	" When were the last emails ? "
tr	NNS	The girl 's thumbs had scarcely pressed into the sockets of the man 's closed eyes when the telephone in the house started ringing .
tr	NNS	Flower petals began to rain down upon the bed .
tr	NN	Even more now than before , Steve was essentially alone , his personality so honed that he was complete unto himself .
tr	NN	Besides , the doll wasn 't more than ten or twelve feet in .
tr	NNS	In the 1600s , over the course of decades , the wealthy and powerful Hungarian countess had tortured and killed many young girls .
tr	NN	My first instinct was to step back , to cower .
tr	NN	Was the rope starting to give around her left wrist ?
tr	NN	As he willed it , the liquid from the cup sprung out of it and into the guard 's mouth .
tr	NNS	My nostrils flared uncontrollably as I nodded .
tr	NN	The trailer began to rattle and Samara noticed that his end of the trailer was starting to rise and the other side was starting to lower .
tr	NN	" There 's a transport tube just past the elevators by the rear exit .
tr	NN	There wasn 't a soft flutter in my chest .
tr	NNS	Nervous butterflies fluttered in my belly and I could feel my mouth go dry as I tried to speak .
tr	NNS	These types of jobs almost always involved harming the interests of the emperor in one way or another .
tr	NNS	When coins were not available , ridiculous trade demands in exchange for his work would be the only solution .
tr	NNS	Antique fixtures adorned the massive room .
tr	NNS	" I 'm not one of you , " Ella whispers , fresh tears streaking down her cheeks .
tr	NNS	Animals kill in self-defense or surprise , very rarely in spite . "
tr	NN	The old fellow waited at the bottom of the stairs while they located the apartment .
tr	NNS	Odysseus had been there , seen the black earth for himself ; he knew how productive those towns would one day become .
tr	NN	Alexander 's grandmother was a baroness .
tr	NNS	Questions from the police , the papers , everyone we meet , at least for a while .
tr	NN	Part of him felt he had earned her love more fully since he became a better provider .
tr	NNS	Her headaches were always worse when he was angry . "
tr	NN	A general disgruntled grumbling began to ripple through the circle .
tr	NNS	Rawlings is so deep in debt he won 't be able to afford servants at the month 's end . "
tr	NN	A stab of panic hits me -- wasn 't this the tree ?
tr	NN	" Ok , boys , let 's get this party started . "
tr	NN	I dipped a wing and turned to starboard slowly , a great arching turn that took a full minute .
tr	NNS	The possibilities are endless . "
tr	NN	And every lick he delivered to her skin made her stomach contract .
tr	NN	But when she smiled at me , a dimple flashed in her cheek , and she had the sweetest , softest Southern drawl I 'd ever heard .
tr	NNS	" Our clients just want to be heard .
tr	NN	Like it 's an unforgivable sin or something . "
tr	NNS	Witches have to sacrifice others for their power .
tr	NN	" There 's no TV ! "
tr	NNS	And just like that , the images coalesced .
tr	NN	Grandfather and grandson resumed their walk .
tr	NNS	Reyes stood in the darkness , staring up at the window of his bedchamber .
tr	NNS	His forearms held power .
tr	NN	This ploy worked well , but once you had made your way through your existing social network you were left with few options .
tr	NNS	The sirens were crossing the parking lot towards us .
tr	NN	A bullet whizzed by my ear .
tr	NNS	Others will recognize it in me .
tr	NNS	The four outsiders said nothing .
tr	NN	His secretary answered immediately .
tr	NNS	Final interviews will begin on the eighteenth .
tr	NN	" Oh , are you suddenly the vice squad ? "
tr	NN	Carpentry , plumbing , mechanic work , roofing . "
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared , a growl reverberating deep in his chest .
tr	NNS	The critters are solitary monsters but others are never far away .
tr	NNS	Waves of embarrassment washed over Rose , leaving her cold .
tr	NN	" How did one fellow become four ? "
tr	NN	His body language matched his words , too .
tr	NN	A stronger quake hit .
tr	NNS	The villagers had come to realize another truth .
tr	NN	What 's another term for this ? "
tr	NN	And , of course , my darling Alexia wouldn 't like it , not her butler with a police record . "
tr	NN	Whatever was in that email must have been more serious than I 'd thought .
tr	NN	There was a finely decorated Turkish rug at the center of the room .
tr	NN	The chairman of the fundraiser for abused and neglected children didn 't know what this song cost Joni .
tr	NN	Gypsy pulled out a chair for Nora , and she sat down .
tr	NN	Janet Shook was already in her gi , its snowy whiteness setting off her dark hair and eyes .
tr	NNS	" To put it even more simply for people who don 't understand large words : Rogue planets do not exist .
tr	NN	Part of me bloomed with warmth over her maternal tendencies .
tr	NN	" Wha ' ... , " he said thickly and tried to raise his arm to wipe the slobber from his chin .
tr	NNS	Why can 't teachers be like that ?
tr	NNS	There 's probably only ten fat grams in it . "
tr	NN	The irascible deputy had landed on his knees and was struggling to reach his gun in the dirt a few feet in front of him .
tr	NN	The sedan splashed through the edge of a huge puddle , sending up an impressive fan of water .
tr	NNS	Through it all , one recurring thought haunted her .
tr	NNS	Balinese landscapes like to use decoration or embellishments .
tr	NN	The magistrate shook his head and had a chuckle , the recorder joined in , then most of those present in the courtroom , except Sir Rupert .
tr	NNS	" Things are a lot better now ? "
tr	NN	The choking and the struggling was a marvel to me .
tr	NNS	Now , their shoulders were drooping , their movements dispirited .
tr	NNS	The bright and contrasting colors failed to cheer her as they usually did .
tr	NNS	Their blades clashed one more time .
tr	NNS	The other fairies were hovering over their charges .
tr	NNS	And then the tentacles retracted .
tr	NN	Song spoke to the creature with soft , strange words that Echo didn 't understand .
tr	NN	" ' Julius ' ! "
tr	NN	However , the writing on this one , bold and entirely too flowery , made her give a watery smile .
tr	NN	The author has never set foot in France and has studiously avoided doing any research whatsoever because he is a complete idiot .
tr	NN	If you have been resident there and owned the shares for less than six months there is a liability for capital gains tax .
tr	NNS	His hard thrusts shook my body as he pressed his lips against my neck and I felt his entire body shake against my back .
tr	NNS	Several more sprites wandered about their duties here taking a moment to bow to her as she passed , but she paid them no attention .
tr	NNS	These maneuvers , Mr. Jones , will leave you with just enough hydrogen for your usual low reentry .
tr	NN	The challenge in his tone had me smiling .
tr	NNS	Inside were a breathtaking pair of ruby and diamond earrings , the gems sparkling in the light of the room as he moved the box toward her .
tr	NN	" A tray to her room would be preferable . "
tr	NN	That particular weakness -- and joy -- came down through the Morgan line , Dad 's side of the family .
tr	NNS	" Things will turn around .
tr	NNS	As he wiped the surface the letters started to come out more clearly .
tr	NNS	The restaurants and shoppe 's are unique to the islands .
tr	NN	And once again , the roller coaster of thoughts about Marshall was back in motion .
tr	NNS	And the soft pastel colors of the bedroom lulled him for a moment .
tr	NNS	All characters in this book have no existence outside the imagination of the author and have no relation to anyone bearing the same name or names .
tr	NN	There are maybe a dozen people here , probably a few more downstairs that will hopefully come up when we start to play .
tr	NN	For few seconds , the oracle was so very still that I thought she was dead , after all .
tr	NNS	There are rumours of other hordes crossing farther north , and I took a calculated risk in moving the army away from its home territory .
tr	NNS	Looks pretty funny to me eyes , but it 's better walkin ' safe than lookin ' smart . "
tr	NN	The same hunger clawed at her .
tr	NN	The leader walked over to stand in front of the Hamiltons .
tr	NNS	The warriors had unleashed the evil to avenge their stinging pride ; now they would contain it .
tr	NNS	Festus also cancelled festivals , some of the games , and reduced significantly our civil liberties , even some privileges previously granted by Felix .
tr	NNS	" My apologies , Mr. President , " Meehan said , now all business .
tr	NNS	' The letters are all ... odd ... ' ' Ethereal runes , ' said the raven .
tr	NN	The yard contained a small stable and a large grassy area .
tr	NN	That plant had been the first sign .
tr	NNS	Reyes didn 't turn .
tr	NNS	Katie Things had been more than somber with everyone since Ric 's death , but nobody really liked to talk about it .
tr	NNS	But if you just stand back from the whole thing and use your imagination , the possibilities are endless ... hence the wild ride .
tr	NN	Thinking of her brought a slight pain to my chest .
tr	NNS	The teachers believed it was just because Pyotr had scared them , but they were wrong .
tr	NNS	The meetings took place over the next two weeks .
tr	NNS	Moses was more interested in what the phone could do for his business .
tr	NNS	Reyes took a deep breath as he leaned his head close to hers .
tr	NN	" Where is the doll now ? "
tr	NN	The pilot stole the helicopter .
tr	NN	Love at first sight had grown into a bigger love than she 'd ever dreamed was possible .
tr	NN	The long spiral staircase had few windows and the lights weren 't yet on , making for a dark , difficult trip .
tr	NNS	Drugs were second voice 's choice if he didn 't want me to be awake while he did whatever he was going to do .
tr	NN	A better leader might find a thousand . "
tr	NNS	There were signs in store fronts and taped to car windows .
tr	NN	His lack of breath was a result of fear rather than any kind of physical exhaustion as stamina was not an issue in this world .
tr	NNS	The bright colors from the sunset were coming in her new French doors .
tr	NNS	" My efforts intensified after Aram went back to the States six years ago .
tr	NN	The usual Monday morning routine was to sit down informally in the small conference room and talk about upcoming events .
tr	NNS	The gunmen , shadows in motion , dashed for the arch before its pressure door slammed down .
tr	NNS	The creatures that were spat into my eyes are munching on my brain now .
tr	NNS	Thoughts kept darting through his head -- bitter , angry and resentful thoughts .
tr	NNS	' Things seem to be getting a bit exciting over there . '
tr	NNS	There were only two available seats , and she and her mother took both after registering .
tr	NNS	Several pairs of envious eyes darted in her direction , nearly burning her with jealous rage .
tr	NN	The fuselage hadn 't exploded , but it was on fire , engulfed in billowing black smoke .
tr	NN	The haze grew heavier .
tr	NNS	And the teachers have me pegged for a criminal , which is why they put me in remedial class .
tr	NNS	Then all the warriors began shouting out , some beating their weapons on the ground .
tr	NN	Where the hell is that cowboy when you need him ? "
tr	NN	Pulling his solar system of translucent spheres toward himself , the ghost hunter abandons his attempt to seek the ninja out of the darkness .
tr	NNS	Hephaestus tried his best to quiet the pain and he ran as quickly as he could .
tr	NNS	The hardships he faced now had not weakened him at all .
tr	NN	The commander turned his horse to glimpse us one more time and then rode back to his troop and they galloped east of us .
tr	NN	A brown liquid is dripping from the wound .
tr	NNS	There were one hundred forty-two ceiling tiles in his sparse infirmary room .
tr	NN	" This will be cool , " one student said .
tr	NNS	The wetness of my arousal had lubricated his finger , giving it easy passage .
tr	NN	A rustle moved along the soldiers .
tr	NNS	" Two drops will do that , all right , " Sadi said , " but you 'll have to confine her until it wears off . "
tr	NNS	Other boards of directors who might be persuaded to hire somebody other than Leo Friday for any future investigative needs they might have .
tr	NN	" Hey , that chick kneed me in the balls . "
tr	NN	The leader of the Sky Raiders is a bad man and a powerful Beast Tongue .
tr	NNS	The passions we feel when we 're up close with someone we love .
tr	NNS	Souls dart from their prison , sensing escape , surging towards the exit from all parts of Death 's makeshift body .
tr	NN	My puppet , " she retorted .
tr	NN	Our welfare always matters . "
tr	NN	" No more than I or anyone else should be , " the captain intimated .
tr	NNS	Things get a little fuzzy up here near the village , but it 's good enough . "
tr	NNS	Hands shaking , Sunny tore the packet in two and sheathed him , lingering at the base until he gripped her waist .
tr	NNS	Others appeared behind it .
tr	NN	There was a tube in his throat to help him breathe ; soon the tube would be removed and he would talk again .
tr	NN	The wraith 's keeper ? "
tr	NN	" My lord , if you had given me a little notice I would have tidied up .
tr	NNS	The brutal images of my dream pour into my mind again .
tr	NN	The angel sees the disappointment on my face .
tr	NN	" My suitcase is already in the car . "
tr	NN	The trick was getting Thom to enjoy it , too .
tr	NN	Every time he flashed his own pass to get out of recess , no teacher ever cared what the thing looked like .
tr	NN	The dragon watched the blade harmlessly glance off its scales and land on the ground .
tr	NNS	" The ghosts haven 't plagued me as much lately . "
tr	NN	' Now , Mr Butterfield , I 'm sorry if this is painful for you , ' Love began .
tr	NN	" For your wool socks . "
tr	NNS	His companions give a start , someone thinks of following him , but in the end all of them remain paralyzed .
tr	NNS	His clients had a net worth of something close to eleven billion .
tr	NNS	Things were bad enough between Dorian and the king ; he didn 't need to be branded as a rebel sympathizer .
tr	NNS	Alexis shouts as she brings down the sledge hammer with her full force .
tr	NNS	There are one or two parking spaces left .
tr	NNS	Fierce winds shrieked with demonic glee and raced about in search of sport .
tr	NNS	There were no markings on the case , not even a brand name .
tr	NN	A van appeared in the oncoming lane .
tr	NNS	" The murders are all on me . "
tr	NN	The puzzle gas was becoming more than a pleasure .
tr	NNS	Looks like they ´ re doing some physical harm to the creature as they work in unison .
tr	NN	Then the benign weariness and quietude filmed over , and he smiled haltingly at her .
tr	NNS	Otherwise , the villagers will not allow him to stay with two women alone , while your father is gone .
tr	NNS	Irrational fears started to fly through my brain .
tr	NNS	Again , their blades met as the attack was blocked .
tr	NNS	What are the chances ? "
tr	NNS	Things are getting out of hand and I can 't control them .
tr	NN	There was one speedboat in the distance off the starboard side .
tr	NNS	Defiant , angry shouts blended in with shrieks of agony , and steel rang on steel .
tr	NNS	The galleries were mobbed , becoming a sea of expectant faces .
tr	NN	His torso rose and fell with every breath .
tr	NNS	Smoke and flames swirled from the wreckage .
tr	NNS	Well , of course there were the obvious physical differences .
tr	NN	There was nothing tender or gentle in that look .
tr	NNS	A hundred strands of black swarmed between the signet ring and the scroll , and he pushed his knuckle over the flap .
tr	NNS	The contents of the case , though , was the whole reason Nina was here , the whole reason Seth broke that guy 's arm .
tr	NNS	Two detectives arrived first , flashing badges .
tr	NN	" So there 's a method to the apparent madness ? "
tr	NN	The badge had the picture of a round shield with two swords crossed and over the swords were the initials D.H. .
tr	NN	Within seconds , another email came in .
tr	NN	The particle , as it turns out , isn 't a particle at all .
tr	NN	A blush crawled up Lorelei 's cheeks .
tr	NN	Just closed her browser , hung her purse over her wrist , and walked out to the elevator lobby .
tr	NNS	Had her trials with her mother brought about the change ?
tr	NNS	No patrols or watches marched their rounds .
tr	NNS	More static greeting his ears , but this time he managed to hear the majority of the message .
tr	NN	It appeared old and weather-beaten , the paint faded in some places and peeling in others .
tr	NNS	What were my chances of success ?
tr	NNS	All the members are mostly the top in any fields .
tr	NN	But the condition of the trailer was deplorable .
tr	NNS	His grandparents stepped out of the limo he 'd sent them , followed by three of his aunts .
tr	NN	His coiffed mane of white hair matched his carefully manicured hands .
tr	NN	No physical discomfort mattered .
tr	NNS	" These murders were different though .
tr	NNS	Their deaths lived like a terrible fire in his soul and for that reason alone he held back .
tr	NN	The majority of their spirit was elsewhere , wherever spirits might go .
tr	NN	my uncle jokes as he retrieves a pack of cigarettes from the dash .
tr	NNS	The recruits that were leaving reception and going to Charlie Company stood in a separate formation .
tr	NN	" Did y ' all talk about anything that might have upset him ? "
tr	NNS	The apartments are for humans . '
tr	NNS	Raphael 's drums , cranked up to their highest pitch , cracked with delectable loudness .
tr	NNS	" There are no suspects in the case at this time .
tr	NNS	No , the jolts are much more than that .
tr	NN	" A true warrior follows his instincts .
tr	NN	There was a huge sum offered for information leading to a capture .
tr	NN	Only Miss Minnie 's rambling had guided us here , and maybe we were crazy for putting any stock in it at all .
tr	NN	A surgeon is an artist ; a sculptor of living tissue .
tr	NNS	Things I haven 't even told Thayer .
tr	NNS	Elias shook his head .
tr	NNS	How the wells beneath her eyes would deepen and droop .
tr	NN	The intruder wore sneakers of some kind .
tr	NNS	Reyes gave the knife yet another twist , and the tip sliced the bone in two , driving straight into another muscle .
tr	NN	My adrenaline always seemed to kick in full blast after being faced with stressful situations .
tr	NNS	Like a thousand fireflies gathered together in the grounds .
tr	NN	Love is a beautiful thing . "
tr	NN	Reality was seeping in , and with it came shame so hot it stung her .
tr	NN	A pucker formed between his eyebrows as he studied me , searching for the real reason .
tr	NN	" Captain , " the lieutenant began .
tr	NNS	His own recollections of this time in his life never seemed as beautiful .
tr	NNS	Were these tunnels for spying ?
tr	NNS	Because of this , all meetings had to be called at least ten hours in advance to give workers time to clear away machines and fabrics .
tr	NNS	The starving emptiness inside him filled - at least partly .
tr	NNS	The images jumped crazily .
tr	NN	The sheriff nodded at the stooped figure standing beside her .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared as he leaned toward the unmoving Fae .
tr	NN	Her orgasm ripped through her .
tr	NNS	Things won 't be any better for him than they are right now .
tr	NN	Old war injury , you know . "
tr	NNS	" Animals and men are not all that different .
tr	NNS	Like bubbles in a pond , the twelve rounded domes fused into one great city .
tr	NN	His annoyance at how pear-shaped everything had gone was beginning to tax his nerves .
tr	NN	By spring , the merger will be complete .
tr	NNS	African governments have always refused to take criticism well . "
tr	NN	The discipline helped my complexion and with the inevitable but tearful move from home , I was liberated .
tr	NN	Their antiquated electrical equipment immediately fizzled before completely short-circuiting , while the microphone blew over and their limited array of stage lights exploded .
tr	NNS	My Amazons complimented the skill you showed yesterday in battle . "
tr	NN	Each hobbit had a guard of three .
tr	NN	That maneuver does not make any sense to my brain cells . "
tr	NN	A metal tube extended out to the ship .
tr	NNS	The countess is awaiting you in the Blue Room . "
tr	NNS	Before them , couples swirled around the dance floor .
tr	NNS	Waves of weakness rocked him .
tr	NN	Any unease he felt was on account of his neighbors .
tr	NN	The dwarfs have promised to fetch my gear .
tr	NNS	Heavy brocade drapes in the windows shut out the light and noise .
tr	NNS	The creatures in front of us are about to exterminate ... the world .
tr	NNS	Over the past twelve months , emptiness continued to haunt him , contrary to the navy therapist 's promise that it would dissipate with time .
tr	NN	Love 's worth it . "
tr	NNS	" Wow , even his cottages are nicer than I 've ever seen . "
tr	NNS	Those visits soon turned from visits into stress relievers as the duties at home were become more and more stressing .
tr	NN	A chorus of denial rose .
tr	NNS	However , many South American vamps regretted stepping forward , and the bloodsuckers in the Muslim countries - well , there were mighty few left .
tr	NN	" I 'm not truly an expert on these things , I 'm afraid , Vessel , " the high priest continued .
tr	NNS	The media had taken up that one word and woven it into just about every report that came out about the Twelve Tribes after that .
tr	NNS	" So how much were the repairs ? "
tr	NN	His delivery was slow , thoughtful , and utterly weary .
tr	NN	Her h * ps were more rounded .
tr	NNS	Both classes were your run-of-the-mill freshman college class .
tr	NNS	Reyes touched the wall , but the smooth crystal was a solid panel all the way across .
tr	NNS	These tigers spend most of their lives suffering .
tr	NN	His success and Melody 's life , depended on it .
tr	NNS	The buzzing hums ceased , as did the trilling shrieks of the wax spiders , and silence fell .
tr	NN	A beat-up sedan attracted more attention .
tr	NN	Her hand feathered over his hip , surprised to see he 'd managed to free himself of his clothes .
tr	NN	The chef stepped forward and set a large , covered platter on our table .
tr	NNS	" My colleagues are right that it 's too soon for war .
tr	NNS	His eyelids drifted to almost shut once again while the wax pool continued to teem then went still as if it had died .
tr	NN	There was a click , and then the silence of a dead phone line .
tr	NNS	A few objects materialized on the blotter .
tr	NN	Jewel rank and caste had weighed just as heavily in the balance , if not more .
tr	NNS	As soon as I unwillingly closed my eyes , soothing images of a perfect life swept my soul away .
tr	NN	A log burnt through its core , the last thread dissolving like a bridge collapsing into a lake of coals .
tr	NNS	A few strands of climbing web dangled from the walls .
tr	NNS	The classmates were watching the nimble " insect " as if spellbound .
tr	NNS	There are several board members in town and they want to meet with me in an hour .
tr	NN	Solid oak , know that ? "
tr	NN	There 's a small poster taped to the wall beside the doors .
tr	NN	When he smiled , a dimple formed in his left cheek .
tr	NN	The rider seemed to notice the party ahead , and slowed to a trot .
tr	NNS	Even agitated , his movements were graceful .
tr	NNS	The possibilities were : One , they 'd gone through the hidden door .
tr	NNS	Things like that shouldn 't happen to anyone .
tr	NNS	Others screamed " Betrayed !
tr	NNS	Kris would be back home in an hour from now or so .
tr	NNS	" Things have been pretty slow and all the nurses ' shifts are cut back , so I picked up a few here .
tr	NN	The bastard , ' he added under his breath .
tr	NN	The gargantuan metal beetle was attacking Northgate .
tr	NN	The inspector got to the last option and chose not to approve Clive 's application .
tr	NNS	The edges of the scene begin to fray , and I pull back to take a final look at Harlin .
tr	NNS	Squires spoke , " Then somebody has been here digging for sure .
tr	NN	" And the difficulty and the cost mean nothing to my employer . "
tr	NNS	The tightness in my chest eased some but I could feel the threat of an attack still there .
tr	NNS	When I explained what I was doing , the ducks gave me this map , but it 's not a very good one . "
tr	NN	Her residual limb ached , as if in reminder .
tr	NN	The healer spotted the trouble at once and breathed the words , " Dear God . "
tr	NNS	" How did you - " " That little break-in put us onto your lawyer .
tr	NN	This operation is a net loss for mankind 's knowledge . "
tr	NN	If I stay there , well , that Penrose bastard might come back for me .
tr	NNS	" Either your wolves were keeping them occupied , or something else is going on here . "
tr	NNS	Images fresh in her mind bombarded her .
tr	NN	Even more disconcerting was his nearness .
tr	NNS	The magic users who 'd been left on duty ran a wide gamut of powers .
tr	NNS	The three werewolves were right on her heels .
tr	NN	From what Madeline had said last night , the coroner would be doing my supposed autopsy first thing this morning .
tr	NNS	There were many grooves and lines in it , all over it , crisscrossing the entire surface in an uneven pattern .
tr	NNS	But with each choice I make , there are consequences .
tr	NNS	Screams were filling the air .
tr	NN	But the boot was a clue , and if there was a clue , that meant the mystery was still intact .
tr	NNS	The cloaked creatures loved death , and where they were , death followed .
tr	NNS	Waves washed over the deck .
tr	NNS	" But why the headaches and fever ? "
tr	NN	Every once in a while , the angel said a bad word or two .
tr	NN	Renna 's pulse quickened .
tr	NNS	Hephaestus , on the other hand , is only acting defensively , covering his face and eventually wrapping his thick arms around his brother .
tr	NNS	Ear splitting sirens suddenly echoed through the complex as red and yellow spinning lights rotated wildly , creating a dizzying effect .
tr	NN	A sheen of light hugs the ceiling , coming from a window I can 't see .
tr	NN	The sage gestured with his eyes toward her feet .
tr	NN	Slowly the grimace on the big face slid off and he let out a resigned sigh .
tr	NN	The carpet was worn and yellow ; I could see the paths where she had walked in the years they 'd been living there .
tr	NN	Ferry was sure of it .
tr	NNS	There are tiny gaps through the coarsely woven materials , giving us mini peep holes to look out of .
tr	NNS	Our drinks arrive and I take a swig of the ice cold beer which goes down way too nicely .
tr	NNS	Flames shot out of the exhaust just behind her .
tr	NNS	That tightness deep in my belly began to build and I could feel my body soaring higher .
tr	NNS	" The texts are not to leave the library , but within these walls they are meant to be studied and used . "
tr	NNS	Michael 's paternal grandparents had driven down from the Panhandle for the holiday , and I had met them the day before .
tr	NNS	There were ferns and vines and shrubs .
tr	NNS	Those olives were doable for the first few drinks but after about ten or eleven , they started to make me gag . "
tr	NN	Such explanation is not to be taken seriously , but it does give some insight into the groupings of primitive minds to explain the forces of nature .
tr	NNS	Rags is dead . "
tr	NNS	But by then , thousands of us made it through .
tr	NNS	The experiences he encountered had to be exciting .
tr	NN	My status as a FBI Agent causes me to mute a lot of what I say about what goes on in Black communities .
tr	NNS	There were no better leads presenting themselves to the Rangers or the Sheriff 's Department .
tr	NNS	3 As I hurried out of the food court , toward the shell of a Borders , shoppers followed me with their eyes .
tr	NN	There had probably been other diaries , tucked in the shelves here , but the shelves had never been full , and he couldn , t know .
tr	NNS	Gradually wolves began to escape the eagles attacks and automatically continued the pursuit again , now infuriated and more determined .
tr	NNS	Afterwards , merciless beatings and mockery from his classmates over the years had driven him to a very dark and aggressive place .
tr	NNS	Things are starting to make sense .
tr	NNS	The colors were a little dark for summer , but overall she did feel quite festive .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared and his eyes darkened to midnight blue .
tr	NN	Part of me wants nothing more than to cross the room and kick him in the head to test the strength of his deformed metal head .
tr	NN	A grunt came from the back room and I ran down the hallway .
tr	NN	The parish is small but it 's a great old building .
tr	NN	His mate , something primal and anguished howled from inside him .
tr	NN	" My secretary left me on Friday .
tr	NN	The gravel made silence almost impossible , but still I tried to step lightly .
tr	NN	The divorce had been coming for years .
tr	NNS	He stepped inside and closed the door , his movements deceptively casual .
tr	NN	Their absence created obvious voids where once a group had been standing .
tr	NN	Moments later , a dull thud drew my gaze to the other side of the room .
tr	NN	The audience gasped and awed at the spectacle as space danced around them gracefully , performing a waltz that even the best of them could not imitate .
tr	NNS	Our new characters were our old characters reborn .
tr	NN	His only consolation had been the fact that she was safe , unharmed .
tr	NN	" But the prophecy didn 't say anything about slaughter ! "
tr	NN	Her h * ps moved provocatively as she searched , only adding to his desire .
tr	NNS	But then , in one movement , everything changes : Adam grabs Kenji 's bare hand and presses it into my empty one .
tr	NN	Yet , the mundane clothing still felt natural to her .
tr	NNS	The implants , the capsules or whatever , that had been inside me until Stella cut them out .
tr	NNS	The efforts of your comrades inside the Alliance ranks have discovered a host who will bring a new vitality to our union . "
tr	NN	An arrangement of tropical flowers just flown in adorned the buffet .
tr	NN	That convict told him the following story : " There is only one book in the prison library with any jokes at all in it .
tr	NN	His distaste heightened by his displeasure at failing to impress the girl .
tr	NN	That lack of information provided a safeguard , for both of them .
tr	NNS	Things moved swiftly after that .
tr	NNS	There were many legends , of course , some about the creation of man , others about the creation of the world .
tr	NNS	the duchess said fondly .
tr	NN	Lust erupted inside me .
tr	NN	The gauge registered nothing .
tr	NNS	The ladies just can 't say no . "
tr	NN	Arjuna 's concentration switched up then .
tr	NNS	A grandfather clock ticked , their footsteps muffled by the light patterned Oriental rugs .
tr	NNS	Gramps leads me to his room .
tr	NNS	Some members had stayed home to protect their families , but the majority had reported .
tr	NNS	One big cosmos in the universe , joined together for life .
tr	NN	But the patrons of the Flying Squirrel had taken a vote and called it a draw so he still had his money .
tr	NNS	The Federal military facilities had been under suspicion as to where their loyalties would lie .
tr	NNS	" Cars , " I say .
tr	NNS	Her sobs turned into wracking cries .
tr	NN	A sudden weariness seemed to come over him .
tr	NNS	Cadmus didn 't even flinch .
tr	NN	Because of tight schedules , however , the surgery didn 't begin until nearly noon , making the day one of the longest in our lives .
tr	NNS	The nurses went into a flurry of preparations in the delivery room .
tr	NNS	" In the meantime , congratulations are in order .
tr	NN	Perhaps , her coven of mixed species , while full of tenderness , acceptance , and love , was still somehow ... inadequate ?
tr	NN	A multitude of threats ran through my mind at the very thought of him ever laying hands on my wife .
tr	NNS	Heavy , metallic footsteps stomped onto the stairs and another legion of centurions revealed themselves .
tr	NN	The success of the expedition proves its merit . "
tr	NN	A mortal could bleed to death from such an injury .
tr	NN	A little sob escaped as she rushed to the front door .
tr	NNS	New members surrendered their name and opened themselves up to the service .
tr	NNS	Things were never going to be the same again .
tr	NN	That last line was echoing through my head like music , a melody that gets stuck and won 't give you any rest .
tr	NNS	His nostrils widened as he chuckled , sending Selena 's head reeling as the stench of his acrid breath curled around her .
tr	NNS	Dragons , Noble Dragons , are intelligent , and vain .
tr	NN	Each boom shook his flesh .
tr	NNS	The five bridesmaids lined up beside him , ready for the walk down the steps .
tr	NNS	Without any further delay the two Sentinels rose out the building , holding Sophia as their captive , and they raced towards Building 0 .
tr	NNS	" Only tests such as dental records would prove this one way or another .
tr	NNS	My footsteps echoed loudly against the hard floors ; his and the wolf 's made no sound at all .
tr	NN	Every nerve was on fire with want .
tr	NN	A bullet caught him in the back , exploding through his right shoulder in a shower of flesh and blood .
tr	NN	Another neighbor had bought the place for their son .
tr	NNS	" Things change so little as one ages .
tr	NN	His uncle wanted a lion but couldn 't get anyone to bag him one .
tr	NN	The bedchamber was warm , and Mikhail had flooded it with the essence of soothing herbs and the romance of flickering candlelight .
tr	NNS	The thousands of feathers glistened in the sunlight as Shimmer pumped them with astonishing strength .
tr	NNS	Cars full of teenagers crowded into fast-food joints to drink beer and gossip and check out the opposite sex .
tr	NNS	Another five inches to the left and it would have struck concrete .
tr	NNS	If it falls as quickly , the invaders could be at Lianne on Alta at almost the same time .
tr	NNS	The murmurs in the courtroom grew louder .
tr	NNS	The rumours are , that he fought in the great wars tens of thousands of years ago .
tr	NNS	Google searches sometimes provide what I want if I can guess some of the words likely to have appeared in a document that I need .
tr	NN	There is no gap in the time sequence .
tr	NN	Jewish tradition says that for her disobedience she was punished by being made unable to bear children .
tr	NN	This little unit of Scots is going to report our location to the main Scottish army , which will probably hasten in its march .
tr	NN	The aura around me was deep blue .
tr	NN	A vicious stab rams all the way through him , Link 's sword piercing out the back of the ninja 's robe .
tr	NN	His partner began to drag himself toward the brush .
tr	NN	The theory goes like this .
tr	NNS	Doors slammed and the car moved off before halting as the first heavy banged on its side .
tr	NNS	Achilles went with her and protected her .
tr	NN	" Does the backseat come out ? "
tr	NNS	Others wanted the laws pertaining to the Trials of Initiation temporarily waived .
tr	NNS	" Um , your fans are mean sometimes , and the wives on the team are really bitchy . "
tr	NN	his uncle asked him softly .
tr	NNS	There were thirty robot carts in the building , carrying enormous rolls of paper that they dropped off at various stations .
tr	NN	That bitch , she couldn 't have picked a worse time .
tr	NNS	And with that in mind , she presses send .
tr	NN	" So government as a size of the economy went down when I was in the United States Senate .
tr	NN	The soft gleam in his eyes said he did .
tr	NN	As I pulled myself up onto the final rock , my right boot began to slide .
tr	NN	My twenty-second birthday was the next week and we had been seeing each other for almost six years .
tr	NN	" Well , the salad looks awfully good .
tr	NN	When her voice pierced Maddox 's consciousness , his struggles became all the more wild .
tr	NNS	The hardwood floors in his home were a polished blond , and the walls were eggshell , giving the room warmth .
tr	NN	The leopard in him remembered the satisfaction of being with her panther in the stark cold of the woods .
tr	NNS	The wolves raced through field of grain , leaping sheaves of wheat .
tr	NN	The dragon stirred beneath the poncho , and Matthew felt suddenly emboldened .
tr	NN	Why were those men subtly moving their way around the edges of the room ?
tr	NN	Ah , now there was the scent , there was the old stench that galvanized Reuben and sent him flying down the staircase .
tr	NNS	" The nurses tell us we 're darn lucky that Rush boy was with you ... " The room suddenly feels stifling .
tr	NN	Just then , the tail twitched and slid over his elbow .
tr	NN	There was a mortal inside it .
tr	NN	In a matter of seconds , the drill sergeant secured the bayonet to Laura 's weapon .
tr	NNS	Two grooves formed between L.J. 's eyebrows .
tr	NNS	Lots of people get viruses .
tr	NN	" And that dude took a serious beating , " Link added .
tr	NNS	Words came across the screens over the moving pictures .
tr	NNS	Words failed me , so I nodded .
tr	NNS	As did the bras and panties that haphazardly littered the stage .
tr	NNS	The tightness in my voice annoyed me .
tr	NN	The reunion with my mother had temporarily distracted me from how amazing it was to have Calvin fighting on my side .
tr	NNS	Soft coils of hair wound easily about her fingers , as if trying to entrap her , and hold her there against him forever .
tr	NNS	Not until the footsteps faded away could she breathe a sigh of relief .
tr	NNS	Looks like she grew up outside Arcane , so there would have been no one to help her understand and accept the psychic side of her nature .
tr	NNS	Their minds don 't work that way .
tr	NN	The detector did what it was designed for .
tr	NN	Does some remnant of Klaus 's hatred still linger like miasma , tainting the air ?
tr	NN	The pitch in the roof of the Temple caught fire ; the columns themselves were burning .
tr	NN	All Cat and I could do was stare at him .
tr	NNS	Things were happening fast and there was something that the people behind it wanted from her .
tr	NNS	" Guns and planes don 't mix . "
tr	NN	The red dwarf pushed the pavement and sat up .
tr	NNS	Serena 's eyelids fluttered then slowly her eyes opened .
tr	NNS	Sadness swirled through the depths of my father 's eyes before acceptance took hold .
tr	NNS	The depths that some humans could stoop to for a few dollars was abhorrent to her .
tr	NNS	And even if the sand didn 't get you , the pirates or creatures of the night would .
tr	NNS	Our own ancestors had given up freedom in exchange for oppression centuries ago and I couldn 't be certain that wouldn 't happen again .
tr	NNS	" I mean , how far can these invaders expect to get ?
tr	NN	Not the nicest place to stay , but it 's warm and they got beds .
tr	NN	Love y ' all , too . "
tr	NN	The video was grainy and showed what appeared to be a campsite somewhere in the mountains .
tr	NNS	And after last year 's government oversight on our operations , there are many classified trails that lead here . "
tr	NN	She laughed , " True , there was a business exchange .
tr	NNS	Flowers bloomed alongside the road , in a way he 'd never noticed before .
tr	NNS	Coming back for more when it became apparent the teasing kisses weren 't going to satisfy either of them .
tr	NNS	The banks involved take great pride in maintaining the confidentiality of their customers .
tr	NN	Love slipped on a pair of surgical gloves he carried in his glovebox and scanned the items in her bag .
tr	NN	The writing on my hands , equal parts words and music , disappeared beneath both sleeves .
tr	NNS	Several pairs of hands pulled him out of the tent and away from the first true warmth he 'd felt in days .
tr	NN	An ugly replay started in my mind before I could shut it down .
tr	NN	' Horrible habit but luckily he 's a very light smoker and doesn 't often indulge . '
tr	NNS	The shoppers wasted no time as they hustled in and out of the stores .
tr	NNS	The warriors beat their shields with their swords , making a mighty din .
tr	NNS	Things started to look grim .
tr	NNS	In the summer months , creatures visited from other worlds , intending to stay and feed upon this one .
tr	NNS	The four travelers sat down on scattered rocks to have a light snack from their military rations that they had brought for food .
tr	NNS	Two shots smash into the wind shield and exit the car via the rear window .
tr	NNS	The board members have agreed to stay for the next hour and answer individual questions you may have .
tr	NN	By rearranging pictures and furniture , the scrawny blond had created a different hospital room - not that the Neanderthals who watch this trash would notice .
tr	NNS	There are no second chances after you 've died for something , at least as far as I know .
tr	NNS	So , where are your drums ? '
tr	NN	With Dee , though , my little boyhood brat tends to surface .
tr	NNS	The first flakes were tumbling down from the leaden sky now coming quicker and heavier .
tr	NN	" The drag marks further on .
tr	NNS	The documents were full of technical terms and incomprehensible statements .
tr	NN	Against all reason , Jazz found herself grinning .
tr	NN	Just as the first few reached us , a giant spotlight shone from the sky , bathing us in a blinding white light .
tr	NN	Finally , the captain headed for Jamestown asking questions .
tr	NNS	Most couples used this method while traveling , to spend more time together .
tr	NNS	These dresses aren 't cheap you know .
tr	NNS	Looks like Gorilla 's back . "
tr	NN	Part of you is missing .
tr	NN	" The conservatory is a silly place to be indisposed .
tr	NN	Please , " said the priest .
tr	NN	The hunger took over until I could think of nothing else .
tr	NNS	The possibilities of where to take her , where to woo her , filled his mind and chased away his fleeting regret .
tr	NN	" Well , maybe my arrival will be a good thing for them .
tr	NN	The bastard is enjoying this .
tr	NNS	Both ladies were sitting at the same table we sat at last night .
tr	NNS	There were sculptures , well-manicured lawns , and beautifully crafted fountains .
tr	NNS	Her chances at survival would have increased tremendously .
tr	NNS	Relocation attempts met with the same results .
tr	NNS	More strands of energy grew from his skin and extended toward Haven and burrowed into her body .
tr	NN	' And this ledge broadens out to the right .
tr	NNS	The cabinets were half open , with bugs crawling out of the corners , and spider webs dangling from all kinds of odd places .
tr	NN	" From you , hey is good enough . "
tr	NNS	The flares were in a perfectly straight line , like a carefully calculated runway .
tr	NN	A blue butterfly flapped lazily across the road .
tr	NNS	But when our eyes met , their expressions appeared vacant .
tr	NNS	The deadly butterflies started chomping away .
tr	NN	Terror rushed up to replace her shock .
tr	NN	The misery of his ignorance would have been sweet .
tr	NNS	Neither his tutors nor Dios had prepared him for this .
tr	NNS	" The movies aren 't half as bad as the publicity stunts .
tr	NNS	The wipers kicked on , and her dad slowed his speed just a bit .
tr	NN	Link held out his hand .
tr	NNS	My nostrils flared as I closed the remaining distance .
tr	NNS	Myles had been able to call Marley , gently break the news and make arrangements for her to spend another day with the Rogers family .
tr	NN	The rocking stopped , and an infusion of blood reddened Monique 's face .
tr	NN	" Here you go , darling , " Aiden said .
tr	NNS	Others threw down spears and shields and started to run .
tr	NN	From his new angle he could see the surface of the gate had become a vortex , a whirlpool .
tr	NN	The stomping of boots and men 's rough voices signaled an enemy 's approach .
tr	NN	" The lust is always there , Evangeline . "
tr	NN	There was an autopsy , an identification of the body from his family , a funeral , the whole nine yards .
tr	NNS	Others just stared at the floor and waited .
tr	NNS	His tour guide responsibilities needed a little attention .
tr	NNS	There was a cold wetness in his hair .
tr	NN	The Empire contained too many painful memories , and he was more than ready to go abroad .
tr	NNS	The two trains pass by each other and then it 's dark again .
tr	NNS	The nurses got a kick out of that .
tr	NNS	His scales were a shiny mixture of blues and greens .
tr	NNS	Youthful siblings would not roam so far afield without reason .
tr	NNS	Things I didn 't know .
tr	NNS	The letters are tiny , stacked one atop the other .
tr	NNS	" The clan leaders aren 't going to wait forever . "
tr	NN	Part of me cringed , wanting to run and hide .
tr	NN	The wild churning in her stomach settled a little .
tr	NNS	In the realm world , all species could share blood .
tr	NN	But the senator wants me to get him some answers . "
tr	NNS	Because of her , the fairies had tried to take over the D and M ranch .
tr	NNS	The colours were a farewell , not a welcome .
tr	NN	So far the tribe had managed to keep knowledge of its dissension confined to its own people .
tr	NNS	An hour later , footsteps rose outside the study .
tr	NN	' Enemy to the front , ' a veteran sergeant bellowed in a loud voice , and the men all moved into position . '
tr	NN	" Nice car , sir , " said the valet .
tr	NN	Love had to find out what drove him to do this .
tr	NNS	The blades rake deep into the flesh of his back , ripping jagged lines across his skin .
tr	NN	What else had this fucker done to her ?
tr	NNS	Quinlan dropped down to a shallow clearing a hundred yards in , marked by a dozen broad tree stumps .
tr	NNS	Lots of folks poked their heads in to see if the afternoon session was still going to occur .
tr	NNS	Others are just hoping to feel as if they belong . "
tr	NN	There was a slight tremor in his voice that made Sarah feel no easier about what lay ahead .
tr	NNS	Things didn 't look good for the couple if Molly 's withdrawn attitude was anything to go by .
tr	NNS	The headaches are a bitch , though . "
tr	NNS	The news media was all over the story by Sunday afternoon and there was no putting the genie back in the bottle .
tr	NNS	Large flat-screen monitors lined one wall , glowing with everything from CNN to satellite uplink status .
tr	NNS	Three pairs of eyes widened , and Asher snatched up the tablet .
tr	NNS	" The seas will be more confused for awhile , but I think we are now on the backside of the storm .
tr	NNS	Thankfully the tightness of her features lessened and a hint of amusement glinted to life within her eyes .
tr	NNS	More than a few chuckles rippled through the storefront , with Finn , of course , laughing the loudest and longest .
tr	NN	So was the high priest of the temple of Osiris .
tr	NNS	Others weren 't so lucky .
tr	NN	The clang of it hitting her plate made Kyle and Baxter pause in the middle of their dinners .
tr	NN	His announcement about the attempt at Dragon had served its purpose , though .
tr	NNS	Loud , metallic footsteps came from all directions .
tr	NN	A savage glint appeared in the depths of tawny eyes .
tr	NN	Before she was born a banking crisis brought civilisation to an end , and now no one leaves the safety of the compounds unless they need to .
tr	NNS	The feral creatures stalked the underground world where they lived , feeding on anything at all .
tr	NNS	The planes of his face seemed to grow harder as a part of him clenched internally .
tr	NNS	Patrice 's German textbooks lay in the center of the beanbag chair , and Vic had left behind one of his hula - girl ties .
tr	NNS	Who the hell are the New Order wolves ?
tr	NNS	" All couples fight and survive . "
tr	NN	The lying bitch vanished into nothing .
tr	NNS	Hard drops pelted the top of my sore head .
tr	NN	The chase felt good .
tr	NN	The quirk in question meant every cell of Sid 's two foot frame was saturated with baseless fear .
tr	NNS	It wasn 't , unless the pigs were feeling frisky and the mud was fresh .
tr	NNS	Inside the house , the wolves circled , paced , endured the mind search , but Gregori was locked on to them , his calm centering them .
tr	NNS	Our clients aren 't vegetarians .
tr	NNS	" My designs are going to be featured in WWD ! "
tr	NN	" How 's your cough ? "
tr	NNS	Looks like those things chewed on you pretty good .
tr	NN	Chapter 14 The Present As I reached the end of my story , Ellen blinked a few times and reached over to hold my hand .
tr	NNS	The differences between them are statistically insignificant . "
tr	NN	The second miracle was when I returned to hospital .
tr	NN	Her engagement to another executive at the trust , Greg Washburn , ended at the same time .
tr	NN	A purity she 'd never before heard .
tr	NNS	The gunmen tensed and reached into their long coats .
tr	NNS	Questions and concerns quickly started forming in Della 's head .
tr	NNS	My eyelids dropped and I struggled to keep the tears at bay .
tr	NNS	These creatures began as divine beings .
tr	NNS	The warriors treated their beasts , better than themselves .
tr	NNS	In the old days , teachers called it hyperactivity .
tr	NN	Her spine practically snapped as she whirled around to face him .
tr	NNS	The tentacles were closer .
tr	NN	Her spine stiffened as Liam 's eyes flicked over to her for a moment , but then he attended to the baron again .
tr	NNS	The weather predictions came true 30 minutes after midnight .
tr	NNS	After they cleared their plates , platters of meatballs , schnitzel , and thick cuts of bacon appeared .
tr	NNS	Royal weddings are extravagant affairs . "
tr	NNS	What good were psychic abilities if I couldn 't help anyone with them ?
tr	NNS	With a triumphant , dazzling smile -- she was beautiful -- the chains fell to the stones .
tr	NN	Part of Natalie felt like she 'd see him again .
tr	NN	Part of Riley felt bad for him , but the other part was already detaching from the unfolding scene .
tr	NNS	Horrible images sifted into his mind .
tr	NN	From what he had heard , this woodland was going to continue right until he reached the city gate .
tr	NNS	Words to be said .
tr	NNS	All vamps needed blood to live , but lots of them also got a high off having sex or even other people 's emotions .
tr	NN	The venom was wreaking havoc on her daughter 's nervous system .
tr	NNS	" Not all mothers are the same .
tr	NNS	Sewers , basements , old wells often have secret entrances into the ancient catacombs .
tr	NNS	Others have pointed to evidence that most of the occupants were women , which further complicates the theories .
tr	NNS	' The Schumann frequencies influence the weather , and those same frequencies are produced in our brains .
tr	NNS	The creatures in this town were far smarter , and more powerful , than any of them had realized .
tr	NN	The icing on the cake was Conner , and that was something Lance didn 't know about . "
tr	NN	Only a miracle would bring it back ... restore it to the bastion of life it once was .
tr	NN	The revenge of my Master 's Orb had been too horrible to imagine .
tr	NNS	Things were relatively peaceful , oddly enough .
tr	NN	Her sister-in-law , Nicole , picked up her cup and looked around the room .
tr	NNS	' The markings were essentially decorative , and many convicts had their own unique design .
tr	NNS	The cameras are watching everything .
tr	NN	" Love is always simple .
tr	NN	The doors slide shut .
tr	NNS	Looks like she 's not in any position to provide you with an alibi this time . "
tr	NNS	There 's only two trains from London tomorrow and he wanted to get back as quickly as possible .
tr	NN	A small bruise bloomed on his cheek , but I managed to cover most of the damage using my makeup .
tr	NN	The mayor had asked Tammie Lee her opinion of the country club .
tr	NNS	But during winter at least the mountain ranges of the Rockies collected feet and feet of snow upon them .
tr	NNS	The contents are mostly maps , directions , stubs of receipts .
tr	NNS	Your cues come from me , yes ?
tr	NNS	Bloody crows , man , you know me better than that .
tr	NNS	His thumbs rubbed over her nipples and she quivered , her breasts beginning to tighten .
tr	NN	The gas that had choked me for this long is flowing freely and steeply out of a sizeable crack in the side of the hull .
tr	NN	The trio fell silent .
tr	NN	The glint of humor in the depths of his eyes deepened to total amusement .
tr	NN	" It 's Malik , " said the temporary Master of the House .
tr	NN	My birthday 's coming . "
tr	NN	His presentation had received thunderous applause , as it would solve many of the insubordination issues created by the menial labor force .
tr	NN	The missing Prince must give him a big reward for returning the royal ears in a medical swop .
tr	NN	Her reward was the relief on his face when he came in the door and saw her , and then smelled Hungarian goulash cooking .
tr	NN	When they pull up next to the police car at a stoplight , the agent nonchalantly exits the cab .
tr	NNS	My heart races as I fight irrational fear .
tr	NN	Which media outlet ? "
tr	NNS	The head quarters are somewhere near one of the stars in the Ursa Minor constellation .
tr	NNS	All my tests have been able to prove that he is in control of his faculties , Chief .
tr	NNS	Henry Seinfeld 's quarters consisted of a small secretarial office and a slightly larger office for himself .
tr	NNS	" Four different family members having bouts of false labor during your bridal shower .
tr	NN	The betrothal contract said our marriage would be binding if either of us died before the wedding .
tr	NNS	Their stiffness from ankles to knees made it difficult to walk , so he stumbled .
tr	NN	And the way Ren was holding me ... he must know .
tr	NN	Part of her broke off and floated to the heavens upon hearing his words .
tr	NNS	Any care package items would 've been cast-offs from someone else .
tr	NN	The current teacher was leaving after this semester to stay home with her baby , due in January .
tr	NN	The warrior shook his hand and blew on his palm .
tr	NN	The hunger was controlling her now .
tr	NNS	" The mages couldn 't do anything because they couldn 't get a pattern off of it to work with .
tr	NN	The ghostly dwarf gave a cough .
tr	NNS	His sneakers actually squeaked .
tr	NNS	The factories won 't be moving much of anything yet . "
tr	NNS	What are the chances he is actually alive ? "
tr	NN	Then the robbery itself seemed odd .
tr	NNS	Our footsteps echo against the paving stones .
tr	NN	The policeman snorted and turned away .
tr	NNS	Soldiers chased us , but by some miracle we survived . "
tr	NNS	" Sometimes , our minds can give us what we want the most in our sleep .
tr	NNS	Lights have pulsed before .
tr	NNS	Things sort of blur after that .
tr	NN	The success of his company over the past three years had raised his reputation to that of a first-class financier .
tr	NN	Her body language bore out what I was hearing .
tr	NNS	At least the drugs weren 't going to kill her .
tr	NN	The hood of his cloak covered the top of his head and enveloped him in shadows .
tr	NN	The melody does insane things to my heart and I want to see what it feels like while you hold me . "
tr	NN	The van passed another building .
tr	NNS	Many ghosts and other types of spirits could hurt you , and you are not powerful enough or knowledgeable enough to protect yourself from their attacks .
tr	NN	" The mayor of Chicago has an alias ? "
tr	NN	Why did the intruder drop them ?
tr	NNS	My earlier insecurities aside , one thing was for sure , the attraction we felt toward one another was alive and well .
tr	NN	An Idiot 's Guide to Astrology .
tr	NN	" The purge , " Lily said .
tr	NNS	" Perhaps northern wolves attack humans .
tr	NNS	Things come to us that will . "
tr	NN	But beyond that , Vela , that prison was the worst nightmare you can imagine . "
tr	NN	The bell rang , the teacher turned from where she 'd been writing equations on the board and everything fell back into normalcy .
tr	NNS	Odysseus poured himself a cup of wine , with less water this time , and went to drink it on the balcony .
tr	NNS	Numerous areas of seating littered the drinking arena , each separated through clever use of lighting .
tr	NNS	Barnabas nodded , and the old man brought his gaze back to me .
tr	NN	A good running leap should do it . "
tr	NNS	Jewels saw his face , then laughed again .
tr	NN	To the south , the boom of cannons dulled to the crash of ocean surf and the battle lines created a blood-red horizon .
tr	NN	My habit of walking the streets at night started when I first got out of the group home .
tr	NN	The receptionist smiled tightly , nodded , and made a discreet phone call .
tr	NNS	Others , strangers , probably toasted from the wine they drank or the weed they smoked , stood and held hands , too .
tr	NNS	The images flashed in her mind .
tr	NN	The principal was a burly man by the name of Mr. Davids .
tr	NN	Her delving further disrupts village life much to the distress of many villagers who want every rock to stay firmly in place .
tr	NNS	The werewolves took her into the heart of the compound .
tr	NNS	The one Quinn gave me has a red lid and the vial with my blood in it has a yellow lid .
tr	NN	Skyler 's schedule had no rhyme or reason to it , and his hours changed randomly each day and night .
tr	NNS	Things only went downhill from there .
tr	NN	" Happy birthday , " said the guy .
tr	NN	" Ok , but make mine a half , I have to drive back . "
tr	NN	Jazz pushed away from the support of the tile wall and walked to the mirror .
tr	NN	The amber gown , adorned with pearls and gold ribbons , made every feature Tara had glow .
tr	NNS	They 'd been lucky so far , but farther down the mountainside , the alpine forests would dwindle to a smattering of oaks and open fields .
tr	NN	The clothing gave a subtle accent to his humanoid appearance , revealing the odd ripples of alien muscles here and there about his body .
tr	NN	The reputation he had in Afton was that if anyone so much as walked in his shadow , their life was in danger .
tr	NNS	The images continued and I moaned , unable to hold them back .
tr	NNS	Already maternal instincts to protect this precious life burned so strongly .
tr	NN	Death , whether it came now or some thirty years later on earth , rose up and claimed his attention .
tr	NN	The bullet that had hit him popped out of the wound .
tr	NN	A sob thickened in my throat .
tr	NN	His dark brown robe fluttered in the wind as he raised his hand and pointed those long , aged fingers at her .
tr	NN	About the Author T I WADE was born in Bromley , Kent , England in 1954 .
tr	NNS	The footsteps grew louder .
tr	NN	The robed leader spoke .
tr	NN	A break-in is much easier to explain than a breakout . "
tr	NNS	Marius grinned when she sat in his lap .
tr	NN	The Meaning beneath it is as true and living as ever .
tr	NNS	The ladies all want him at their parties , and many gentlemen consult him on business .
tr	NNS	And because of this , his experiments increased and became infinitely more complicated .
tr	NNS	The resources of Navarre House are at the city 's disposal .
tr	NNS	Those letters to Manson confirmed it .
tr	NN	A large plasma screen that was even now flashing images of three naked women in the middle of an orgy .
tr	NNS	The big male growled again , then , as one , the three wolves turned tail and disappeared into the darkness .
tr	NN	My clothing needs a good wash and I don 't think you 've slept more than an hour or two at a time . "
tr	NNS	" No , warriors do not surrender .
tr	NNS	If nothing else , the dragon brands burned into her arms gave it away .
tr	NN	His education includes a Bachelor 's of Science in the field of Information Technology and an Associates of Arts in the field of Graphic Design .
tr	NNS	Wooden stakes through the heart and fire were our bane .
tr	NN	Part of me wanted him to resist .
tr	NN	A blush spread across my cheeks when I remembered just why my favorite color was that particular shade .
tr	NNS	Above his head , the strips of fluorescent lights flickered .
tr	NNS	The first ten fairies dropped like rocks .
tr	NN	The principal of the school mounted on the stage .
tr	NNS	When we closed our eyes our minds touched and we knew they would not touch us with their weapons .
tr	NN	" The mount has leather straps at the top .
tr	NN	His hunger brought war into the world , and war corrupted all of the rest of us .
tr	NN	Without stopping to think he bent toward her , intent on kissing her lush pink mouth .
tr	NNS	" Your skills with weaponry are great , but your magic lacks strategy .
tr	NN	The cloaked figure I could believe .
tr	NNS	Many myths surrounded that place , and my spirits were high because the distance was short .
tr	NNS	There were even flakes of rust in the coat pocket where I 'd placed the door locks .
tr	NN	One photograph shows children with their arms wrapped around each other ; one without albinism and the other with albinism .
tr	NNS	There were no hurried footsteps behind me , no shouts to stop .
tr	NN	The foul stench of his breath told of wasted hours spent watching and observing .
tr	NNS	There were no tiles here at all .
tr	NNS	He shook his head in denial , although it cost him dearly , as the pain increased , spikes seeming to stab through his skull .
tr	NNS	In addition to this one , there were four other locations with everything from a simple rucksack of equipment right up to one with a dirt bike .
tr	NN	One guitarist strummed brisk chords , sending showers of sparks up his associated cylinder .
tr	NNS	The twins locked with swords crossed , and the twin in blue fell to one knee .
tr	NNS	" Sorry my actions brought up bad memories . "
tr	NN	The troll stepped forward giving me my first good look at him .
tr	NNS	What are the chances of his son washing up on the beach of the summer camp that I worked at ?
tr	NNS	Two tests , previously considered reliable , do not agree as to the dating of this material . "
tr	NNS	And chances were it was close .
tr	NN	He glanced at the sweeping staircase , an amused smile twitching his thick lips .
tr	NNS	Electric arcs of green pulsed at the hinges until the cell swung open .
tr	NN	At any rate the linen , being in constant use and of considerable value , required an uncommon amount of attention .
tr	NNS	Finally , the drill sergeants emerged from a hut and told the trainees to line up .
tr	NN	The curly headed doll was sitting on her grandmother 's lap slowly waking up .
tr	NN	The tiny puff of air signaled that she was close .
tr	NNS	Looks like you 've decided to go into business for yourself .
tr	NN	It was his reference point , put them tranquility and balance .
tr	NNS	These freaks were going to flash fry me alive .
tr	NN	Whatever it was , this installation was alive .
tr	NN	A single wall lamp lit this section of the dark tunnel .
tr	NN	My healer tells me that you all vanished from the bedroom .
tr	NNS	Images of Marcus ' experiments on us flashed across my vision , and I was grateful for the unending thirst for knowledge that drove my brother .
tr	NNS	Marius sniffed loudly and wiped his nose .
tr	NN	" A dangerous luxury for a vampire , " Styx murmured , the dark shadows playing over his face .
tr	NNS	Such experiences served only to freak him out and distance him even further .
tr	NNS	The Police had no definite leads to go on .
tr	NNS	" The Seven Kingdoms are full of horses .
tr	NNS	Folks who hung it all out on the line in order to explore a world that once was .
tr	NN	Lord Caswell 's lance remained unbroken .
tr	NN	This psycho means business , and it 's deadly business .
tr	NN	" No offense , but from what he 's told me , you scare the shit out of me .
tr	NNS	Before the populations dwindled down into zero population , the leaders of both cities asked the Dominion to intermediate , come between the sexes .
tr	NN	Kylie 's annoyance peaked .
tr	NNS	The next images showed the area now covered by the storm clouds as they smashed into each other from the different directions .
tr	NNS	The huts are officially closed and are up for tender for anyone interested .
tr	NN	The simplicity of her ability to forgive shook him to the core .
tr	NNS	The footsteps hesitated at the bottom of the staircase , but she lured them up with a hint of mystery and the thrill of the unknown .
tr	NN	In another time and place a parade of soldiers marches through the streets of a small dream town : the dreamer sits upon a stoop watching it .
tr	NN	A second later , the Jeep popped out of the tunnel and into a massive underground parking structure .
tr	NN	Holy night The canyon was a mile deep , and Fintan felt awe at its scale .
tr	NN	At the hospital a receptionist handed Avery a further sheaf of forms to complete .
tr	NN	" Because the master will be a woman .
tr	NNS	But the strangeness would come again , and go again .
tr	NNS	Though their clothes were different , their expressions remained the same : fear .
tr	NN	The TV buzzed with an important update in the other room .
tr	NNS	Their drums throbbed an expectant rhythm .
tr	NN	My spider climbed straight up the factory wall .
tr	NNS	" And crowns are so five cycles ago ! "
tr	NN	The teacher , Ms. Claridge , would become his home teacher .
tr	NNS	So , maybe these areas are clean . "
tr	NNS	Words like that generally do the opposite . "
tr	NN	There was a sudden , loud clatter behind him , and he heard the squawk of an outraged parrot as it was disturbed from its perch .
tr	NNS	The cards felt stiff in her hands and she wasn 't sure if she should shuffle them like a regular card deck , or some other way .
tr	NN	A prophecy had warned of the Bane 's potential for evil .
tr	NN	Despair filled the pit of my stomach .
tr	NNS	" The human leaders organized a lockout after Felix and his men threatened a culling . "
tr	NNS	My tickets are in the hotel room .
tr	NNS	My juices had already begun seeping through the sheer cloth .
tr	NN	The young radio operator shook his head in quick , sudden jerks .
tr	NNS	The twins and my parents are in the living room watching TV .
tr	NN	Every nerve in my body stretched tight while my brain sought out potential danger .
tr	NNS	The images of Emma and Henry from her dream filled her head .
tr	NNS	Elias rushed forward to assist as Bailey swung her sword upon the back of Necrosis 's neck .
tr	NN	Eventually Josh 's thrashing stopped and still , she continued to plead .
tr	NNS	Yellow jackets , especially , favored building their underground hives beneath such ground cover and could be vicious if disturbed .
tr	NNS	Others wanted to feel alive .
tr	NN	The pattern 's all too familiar . "
tr	NNS	And rainbows were too colorful to lie .
tr	NN	Her kidnapper had been too frightened of his own actions .
tr	NN	The gap between them widened to about two hundred feet .
tr	NN	The curtsy was a nice touch .
tr	NN	Trajan had asked for coffee the moment Ashe walked through the door after knocking .
tr	NN	To the north , the compound defense grid .
tr	NN	Matson 's bewildered blink contained the expectancy of a drum roll .
tr	NNS	The rats , as if by command , froze before the prison bars .
tr	NN	His secretary sat at her desk looking as bored as ever .
tr	NNS	The other couples sit huddled together talking or under blankets .
tr	NNS	" Cabbage rolls , with soup or salad , " Barbara said , pulling out her pad and pencil while Maryanne quickly scanned the menu .
tr	NN	" You should not leave at all , " the angel spat angrily .
tr	NNS	What altitude and speed changes might occur on that climb if there is a 250 ton payload in the cargo hold ? "
tr	NN	Your cousin Hadley was the vampire .
tr	NN	A crash above drew her to a dead stop ; it came from ahead of their current position .
tr	NNS	The movements of the car without the benefit of sight began to make her feel nauseated , and she had to open them again .
tr	NNS	Around them , members of the Resistance were embracing , overjoyed at the news .
tr	NNS	The colors were too bright and too vivid and seemed to have a light all of their own .
tr	NN	The sleepy seduction of his definitely dark green eyes sent a shower of heat tingling over her skin .
tr	NN	The majority , I should guess . "
tr	NN	Her instinct is to protect .
tr	NNS	" Simple explanations are best , Lacey .
tr	NN	The fire crackled and a few sparks scattered across the stone hearth , quickly turning to ash .
tr	NN	" Hence , my design for a latent alternative .
tr	NNS	Hands shaking , he touched her face , and when she closed her eyes , he panicked .
tr	NNS	Words of love made her throat tighten , and it took everything in Mairi not to blurt them out .
tr	NNS	Her instincts would flow like fire .
tr	NNS	Witches then use the human 's genetics to morph the Hawk 's appearance to be exactly like the human 's . "
tr	NNS	Waves were breaking over a bar between two of them .
tr	NNS	The tunnels opened up into a large clearing with what looked like frog spawn covering the walls and the floor .
tr	NNS	The remaining four captives quickly joined them .
tr	NN	Soon the captain returned .
tr	NN	The porter said that they had arrived .
tr	NN	May fiery hail descend with utmost indignation !
tr	NNS	She wonders will she ever hit the bottom , wonders will the splash ever come .
tr	NNS	Clan members were overprotective of Angelina , but more so of their priestess , Rachel .
tr	NN	Ten seconds later a black tray exited the bottom portion of the brushed chrome contraption .
tr	NNS	But something went wrong and their spaceship exploded on the way to Earth , " the classmates were looking at Maria in confusion .
tr	NNS	Several wolves started running towards me from both sides readying themselves for a kill .
tr	NNS	" And some shifters are as well .
tr	NNS	Sometimes the hypnotic suggestions worked ; sometimes they didn 't .
tr	NNS	There were already too many blanks in her life .
tr	NN	" Wel , I real y need to tel her what 's going on , especial y since Trinity said that she 'd seen Heather there .
tr	NNS	At last twelve dwarves were stowed .
tr	NN	* * * " So , Danni , how 's detention ? "
tr	NNS	And the violent winds , yeah the violent winds ablaze . .
tr	NNS	Around her were her companions , goddesses all , with their attendants .
tr	NN	Each tube has a very unique focus along a line of view through the image set .
tr	NN	And your Uncle Malik ? "
tr	NNS	The frogs took up their vast chorus among the reeds , and birds perched on the bending stalks of cattails , clucking and murmuring sleepily .
tr	NN	There was a mumble from inside .
tr	NNS	Others seemed upset as well .
tr	NNS	What do you fellas think ? "
tr	NN	A hungry , lost tourist who hasn 't learned of our reputation might wander by .
tr	NNS	Things like pocket watches , small weaponry -- even scarves .
tr	NN	" Do you real y think I want to sit around and listen to you and my uncle talk about al your stupid magical powers ? "
tr	NNS	Looks like someone already messed you up . "
tr	NN	After a tense moment a faint creak reached his ears .
tr	NN	There was no refuge of being human with her Shield powers , no choosing when I transformed and when I didn 't .
tr	NNS	Questions Ares growing to his full size and form with a flaming sword in his right hand .
tr	NN	The tip of his finger explored farther .
tr	NNS	Things like that . "
tr	NNS	The worms had claimed his body .
tr	NNS	After that of course the dwarves begged his pardon .
tr	NN	Her nightgown had ridden up when she fell , exposing the lower part of her body .
tr	NN	' We 're online , ' said a Bastian tech .
tr	NNS	THE END Brilliant minds can change the world .
tr	NN	Lush , thick carpet was beneath our feet .
tr	NNS	" Today , my fellow classmates is a great day .
tr	NN	" Then I ' l kick his ass if he does that to you , " JJ growls , clutching his pen .
tr	NN	The horned , organic tank didn 't look impressed .
tr	NNS	To the philosophical mind , these items might seem scarcely worth any great trouble to acquire .
tr	NNS	Several salty drops had already trickled into his eyes .
tr	NNS	" Yes ... " " Hey ... " My fingers brush the few strands that stuck on her cheek away .
tr	NNS	" The pigs , you mean ? "
tr	NNS	Things were happening in the world but I was watching them without seeing .
tr	NNS	Bound couples , with enough practice , can use their mate 's power as well . "
tr	NN	There was a stool there .
tr	NN	Ok , Janie , remember : Quinn is your boss -- the boss .
tr	NNS	Cars and trucks sat neatly in driveways .
tr	NN	The tournament was surprising , exciting , and fresh .
tr	NN	When he does that , the pulsing starts .
tr	NN	Love is so wonderful !
tr	NN	There was nothing reserved in his kisses , no uncertainty in his touch as his hand boldly stroked her from shoulder to thigh .
tr	NN	The routine continued as he chose several knives to hang at his belt , leaving only a sword to be chosen .
tr	NNS	Lots of contusions too . "
tr	NNS	Looks like we 're in for some interesting times in the coming weeks .
tr	NN	The ship 's core felt so far away back there .
tr	NNS	Things had seemed so calm for so long .
tr	NNS	The ladies chatted as they began the autopsy .
tr	NNS	Witches are to preserve , to govern , and to Council .
tr	NNS	By the time my sobs tapered off , I was shivering , the chill from the rainy night moving into my bones .
tr	NN	The trick to getting a story killed was to make sure that remaining silent was more profitable for the source ; or safer for their career .
tr	NN	My pulse sped up just a bit .
tr	NNS	The symptoms started on the ship two weeks later , the length of the beast 's life cycle .
tr	NN	God bless him , our cameraman had turned the camera back on when she wasn 't looking .
tr	NN	The cart is for the meantime . "
tr	NN	" Screw tradition , in that case , " Jack murmured .
tr	NNS	Her attendants hovered at a discreet distance .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids jerked open .
tr	NN	the werewolf said smiling .
tr	NNS	' The tiles , ' he coughed out , quietly .
tr	NN	The high priest raised his arms over his head as the congregation sat back in their seats .
tr	NNS	There are no owls . "
tr	NNS	Out of the blue , her movements began to diminish as the look in her eyes became less apparent .
tr	NNS	Animals made a place feel like a home .
tr	NN	The captain and his eleven men laughed at his terror , thinking they had won an easy victory .
tr	NNS	Alexis smiled like she finally had the answer to one of life 's unsolved mysteries .
tr	NNS	The dancers began forming lines and Lynn nudged him to the edge of the moving mass .
tr	NNS	Both weddings were to be the following summer .
tr	NN	Eventually the priest seems to realise he 's going to have to do something .
tr	NN	I lowered a shield and carefully felt for his mind , my psychic probe little more than a barely there caress .
tr	NN	A small mound swelled in front of each hand and moved with the swiftness of an arrow to its target .
tr	NNS	" These lands belong to the king ! "
tr	NN	Reality held little interest for Jimmy at this point , and he was okay with that .
tr	NN	Not just kil ed either .
tr	NN	Her throbbing , squeezing release brought him right over the edge as well and he couldn 't control himself , couldn 't hold back any longer .
tr	NNS	Things with Sam are good . "
tr	NN	The stubborn baron started to say something , but he evidently changed his mind .
tr	NNS	The classmates didn 't really much care for Lisa , considering her an outsider and envious of her talents .
tr	NN	The implication in Reid 's words sliced open old wounds .
tr	NN	The Inspector reset the security system , emerged from the office , and closed the rear entry .
tr	NN	But everyone 's defense was too high to get a direct blow in .
tr	NNS	Those wooden slats are hard . "
tr	NN	" My specialty , " I said and saluted as I climbed in my truck .
tr	NNS	Others must have mentioned the camera because when my turn finally came about , he demanded the memory card as potential evidence .
tr	NN	The sea was within me , the reflected stars on night water a roadmap of my soul .
tr	NNS	Names just make everything messy .
tr	NN	The audience began clapping and chanting .
tr	NN	The vine tugged in her hand .
tr	NN	Still , the Leif from my dreams was so similar to the boy I had known this past year .
tr	NN	Every government 's short of cash these days but I don 't think we 're owned by RA . "
tr	NN	' Yes , ' t is work of the same craft .
tr	NNS	No city authorities or anyone in the Curry 's camp were talking .
tr	NNS	Next to the cleaning supplies is a bin of dolls .
tr	NNS	Above me the floor boards warped around the weight of whatever was upstairs .
tr	NN	The dragon had four outstretched talons , as if it were preparing to descend on something and rake out the eyes of its prey .
tr	NN	Her pulse picked up speed again .
tr	NNS	Gently , so gently , our tongues danced together .
tr	NNS	Among them stalked shirtless warriors , their skin glistening with sweat in the firelight .
tr	NN	He ' l kil me anyway .
tr	NN	The old siding didn 't have much paint left .
tr	NNS	Immediately her instincts screamed at her and she dropped into a crouch just in time to avoid an arrow shot by another Assassin from behind .
tr	NNS	The clients she 'd disappointed by turning down their requests to design their wedding dresses .
tr	NN	But before we could step forward , the oracle spoke again .
tr	NNS	What would his colleagues think ?
tr	NNS	The runes shifted , until they formed letters of the common alphabet .
tr	NN	After all , the map wasn 't really a map .
tr	NN	A low growl came from the back of his throat as I parted my lips and he slipped his tongue inside .
tr	NN	Evolutionary theory is red-hot for Christians who call themselves creationists .
tr	NN	As if I 'd conjured him , a spark of awareness pricked and sizzled along my nerve endings .
tr	NNS	Romulus burst forward and buried his shoulder into Boris ' stomach with tremendous force .
tr	NN	The secretary was sitting at the desk , but stood up as his employer entered .
tr	NNS	And the zombies won 't ignore you if you fight them .
tr	NNS	After hundreds and thousands of years people think of us myths , things that do not really , nor have ever really existed .
tr	NNS	The greens were tip dwarf grass and difficult to read .
tr	NN	Police tape sealed off the door , with a red tag attached near the doorknob that warned whoever entered about chain of custody .
tr	NNS	After forty minutes of engagement , the bursts became more intermittent until it ceased permanently .
tr	NNS	Maybe now that you 're living outside the compound , your instincts are waking up .
tr	NN	His bearing somehow seemed more regal than when he had been slumped upon the throne .
tr	NNS	The teachers know where you live , and where your next class is .
tr	NNS	Aside from the line on the ice , there were no signs of life .
tr	NN	The liquid inside was crystal clear and a beautiful amber in color .
tr	NNS	Their stores were running low , and that was no small matter with the hold crammed full of convicts , and the deck weighted down with dragons .
tr	NNS	The colors were navy and a violet or purple .
tr	NNS	It seemed like a creature of fire , was growing inside them , taking over their bodies and awakening feelings , the warriors never knew were there .
tr	NN	The German thug didn 't see that coming .
tr	NN	" There is a range of strength within every Jewel .
tr	NNS	Valerius added his hands to those raised .
tr	NN	There was a mixed stream flowing north .
tr	NN	His optimism was intoxicating .
tr	NN	Link backed away an inch or two , looking at me for help .
tr	NNS	Some fans crashed my friend 's wedding .
tr	NNS	Elias remained calm as before and straightened and walked over to the next two people .
tr	NN	" The master is praying and do not want to be disturbed . "
tr	NN	The lantern dimmed a bit and finally he greeted us with a shotgun pointed at the both of us .
tr	NN	A diagram on the screen showed depressurization lights in all but three compartments .
tr	NNS	" This way family dinners and vacations will go a lot smoother . "
tr	NNS	There were no solutions and there was no escape .
tr	NN	Instead , a resignation seemed to settle over her .
tr	NNS	There was a certain emptiness I felt when I thought about the breakup with Taylor .
tr	NN	Their heads were turned toward each other , their voices indistinct murmurs .
tr	NNS	" You ladies seem wonderful , but I can 't stay . "
tr	NN	The pilot screamed , " We have a problem !
tr	NNS	The sirens wailed louder , lights flashing as police raided the property .
tr	NN	The leopard held her down , his wildness crazy as he loved her .
tr	NNS	The tiles gave way to more durable brickwork here .
tr	NNS	Carter High 's colors were blue and silver .
tr	NN	The soup 's ready -- " A blast of water hit her in the face .
tr	NNS	And on top of everything else the young rats were spending too much time worrying about ... things .
tr	NNS	Her defenses automatically went into play .
tr	NN	The receptionist was good at her job .
tr	NN	There was an exchange of gunfire and they were both killed .
tr	NN	" The goal will be to get in there and get the gemstones before anyone suspects anything .
tr	NNS	Brian attempts say something , but he cannot manage any words past his muffled lips .
tr	NNS	Images hazed over and quadrupled and yet I saw everything .
tr	NN	The pitch of my voice is alarmingly high and I reach out to grip something for support and end up grabbing Alex 's knee .
tr	NNS	Frantic footsteps , jumping , more thumps .
tr	NNS	The footsteps hurried by the door and further on .
tr	NNS	My footsteps bounce off every wall as the metal of the walkway creaks and groans beneath my weight .
tr	NNS	The vamps stay in killing form , day and night , and the hunger they feel can never be quenched . "
tr	NN	Part of her wanted him again , but the rest of her was just too tired .
tr	NNS	The trousers dwarfed him , but she cinched the waistband snug enough to serve the purpose .
tr	NNS	The entire downstairs was one large industrial looking space with concrete floors but rugs everywhere .
tr	NN	Yet your option is to bleed us dry and destroy our family ?
tr	NNS	Others had turned , following the direction of its supplication to fix their eyes on Akiva .
tr	NNS	If anything , patrols and number of captures had increased in the last month .
tr	NN	The district attorney and the cops were unhappy with the ruling , but they can go to hell . "
tr	NN	A sparkle on the floor caught my attention .
tr	NN	Its twin rose up on its hind legs and fanned the sky , spreading stars in all directions .
tr	NNS	But unpredicted long-term potential consequences can result from widely adopted new technologies .
tr	NN	The countryside through which they galloped grew increasingly desolate .
tr	NN	A spark shoots between us breaking us apart , throwing us from each other .
tr	NN	A little evil twin who lives in her helmet hair and makes her do evil , dirty things . "
tr	NN	Your hunger is making you irritable .
tr	NN	There was rapid firing , a blackened , burned-out patch of charred bodies , as guns were fired in crazed panic .
tr	NNS	" There are openings into the tower not far below . "
tr	NNS	Flames shot up from the adjacent kitchen .
tr	NN	Now there was a condition : stay two years in one city and then do whatever you want .
tr	NNS	Others looked pretty nonchalant as if they could drop off to sleep any moment .
tr	NN	Just another slave , happy to serve .
tr	NNS	All roads seemed to be leading to a civil war between the inner worlds .
tr	NNS	The winds had died down , but the air was still tense .
tr	NNS	Rotating the small metallic wand at various angles , images showed on the monitor , confirming their suspicions of the hidden trauma .
tr	NNS	Images flew into Myra 's mind .
tr	NN	" Before the full moon , all the livestock has to be removed from the reservation . "
tr	NN	The agent pulls his SIG Sauer handgun and casually points it at the aide .
tr	NN	The gas wasn 't so full that he couldn 't walk without being burned but he didn 't want to take any chances .
tr	NNS	The golden haired toddler peaks at the wrapped bundle lowered to him by his kneeling mother .
tr	NNS	The cypress boards were bare here , and dark brownish red and clean .
tr	NNS	" My pills ... my heart pills ... " Gary and Lady Ice glance at each other , and Gary nods .
tr	NNS	" These currents can be very dangerous .
tr	NNS	Other summers , his jobs had been somewhat better .
tr	NNS	Over time , his stores had come to dominate the New England region , mostly on the strength of his advertising .
tr	NNS	The school 's mages , all except one , agreed to help defend the city .
tr	NNS	Reyes turned his head and found himself staring down at Cameo , keeper of Misery and the only female Lord .
tr	NNS	No tongues are going to wag about me here , and yours had better not wag when you go home .
tr	NN	Downstairs , there was a loud rap on the front door .
tr	NN	A snake poked its head out and slowly began slithering out .
tr	NN	The angel let go of a shriek that hurt Haley 's ears , and then ... Well , then she took after Miz Bray 's flowers .
tr	NN	" The splatter analysis is the same as in McCarthy 's room . "
tr	NN	What 's your vegetable ? "
tr	NNS	And footsteps rang behind me , gaining on me .
tr	NN	The picnic had been blissful until the rain had kicked .
tr	NNS	Two main roads separated the Market from the divisions and the Administrative Block .
tr	NNS	The twins merely shook their heads solemnly .
tr	NNS	There were a few dilapidated bikes jutting at odd angles in the bike rack , two of them not even locked up .
tr	NNS	" No explanations are necessary , Trent .
tr	NN	" Your papa -- God rest his soul -- would have yelled at you tonight .
tr	NN	Nice chat , free grub and what have you . '
tr	NN	A dark figure in a bright feathered shroud danced rhythmically , a snake coiled around his neck .
tr	NNS	My colleagues ran over to her and they were overrun by a group of rabid people who tore them apart .
tr	NNS	No scantily clad images of Hanna had appeared on the Internet overnight .
tr	NN	A ritual dating back to ... .
tr	NNS	And the smoothness of the walls themselves was a calculated advantage against invaders .
tr	NN	The commander didn 't give him time to respond before turning and walking away , leaving Shane standing there unsure of what had just happened .
tr	NNS	Three seals appeared in an instant .
tr	NN	Smiling , her grandmother nodded .
tr	NNS	But the images seemed to confuse the gryphon , so instead , I concentrated on my memories of Nott and showed those to him .
tr	NNS	" Speaking of cargo ships , those containers still ain 't unloaded .
tr	NN	A faint southern accent whispered beneath Zoe 's words .
tr	NNS	Animals were so tame they let him touch them .
tr	NN	There was a large stack of envelopes inside and I pulled them all out .
tr	NN	At the Ironside Library , his friend Audrey had told him of the four jewels .
tr	NN	A stag , because it was making the most noise , clashing its antlers against tree branches , challenging other males .
tr	NN	But maybe the uncomfortable scratchy lace would be a reminder that this wasn 't about being comfortable and safe but about trying new and different things .
tr	NN	My townhouse was a mess .
tr	NNS	Screams pierced inside the chamber from the war torn world outside .
tr	NN	" Your conspiracy theory of the case , " he corrected .
tr	NNS	There were three police cruisers .
tr	NNS	Looks like I 'll have to take a hand . "
tr	NNS	In unison , the creatures raised their arms until they pointed toward the sky .
tr	NN	Shifters whooped , howled , screamed .
tr	NNS	" As far as I know , inanimate objects can accidentally kill you .
tr	NN	" No guilt , " Michael reported .
tr	NN	His half-smile and glittering gray eyes unnerve me .
tr	NN	In response , a low growl sounded in my head .
tr	NN	Rather than taking a second look , his tutor cast his gaze back into the skies beyond the square .
tr	NNS	Even the media had a hard time downplaying the growing tension .
tr	NNS	Lights above the panel showed that the indicated valve was closing .
tr	NNS	The cliffs had leveled to a beach of silvery sand that mirrored the sky when moistened by waves .
tr	NNS	The directors tended to be a restless lot .
tr	NN	The bullet caught the man low , slamming him backward .
tr	NNS	" Then how did the chains break ? "
tr	NNS	' Two lovers we were , more than that two best friends , accompanying each other in this journey called life .
tr	NN	The soprano pitch of his voice carried a sense of utter frustration as it echoed out into the dining hall .
tr	NN	The operation will be at the end of August , but you will start your training at once .
tr	NN	The fierce passion that was Sabine ... gone .
tr	NNS	Its movements made it look confused and lost .
tr	NN	There 's a tie hanging loosely around his neck , and his fingers move to knot it .
tr	NN	Behind her was a pink stucco resort with a crow 's nest deck peeking out over the beach .
tr	NNS	Gilded frames and antique furniture all meshed together until every room looked the same .
tr	NNS	All at once , all the screens turn on , each of them showing footage from different cameras .
tr	NNS	Despite the myths of cats and water , tigers were not averse to water .
tr	NN	The landing or the fact that in a few minutes my family was going to meet Dion 's family .
tr	NNS	The villages all prospered with seasonal fishing , and they offered quaint restaurants and authentic souvenirs .
tr	NN	Every inhale was his exhale .
tr	NN	What 's your career ? "
tr	NN	" Child , may I speak with my father ? "
tr	NNS	Haven 's eyelids slowly opened .
tr	NN	The bastard wouldn 't know what hit him .
tr	NN	What 's your status ? "
tr	NNS	Flames shot out of the center of the hotel , an orange glow that quickly crawled up the trembling structure .
tr	NNS	These floors are so slippery , even I have slipped up a few times in here going about my way . "
tr	NN	The chandelier would not have fallen on his back , and he would still be arguing with me right now .
tr	NNS	The levers all had knobs as big as pool balls , which made them easy to manipulate with his palms .
tr	NNS	Lights went off and the house went quiet .
tr	NN	Your bra doesn 't do you justice , but it doesn 't matter . "
tr	NN	A trick to build up her hopes only to dash them cruelly , but she didn 't care .
tr	NNS	In the distance , coyotes were howling , wolves yelping , and down by the creek night birds were calling .
tr	NNS	His three siblings agreed with him , and Peggy devised this unusual recipe , which can be made overnight and eaten immediately .
tr	NNS	For while the unwitting human guinea pigs are still alive , the experimental drugs to which they were subjected continue to wreak havoc on their emotional stability .
tr	NNS	Until now , these visits to Sebastian helped her to gather some courage to put her damaged parts together .
tr	NNS	So fairies hated vampires , but hated humans more .
tr	NN	The commander of the Red joined them for the evening meal on the following day .
tr	NNS	" There are individual differences , Elijah , as with men . "
tr	NNS	All the wolves were still wolves .
tr	NN	The coast was clear , but the distance from here to my clear coast was a pretty big drop .
tr	NNS	The floral designs on the outside looked as if they 'd taken weeks to craft by someone who obviously cared a great deal about his work .
tr	NNS	My only ideas about patting a suspect down came from television .
tr	NNS	The stakes were different when he walked down St. Paul 's center aisle .
tr	NNS	Lots of nice antique gold back there .
tr	NN	A siren 's whisper .
tr	NNS	Things in Woodland Hills and the surrounding areas began to return to normal almost immediately on the twenty-first of December .
tr	NN	Anton 's instinct for survival enveloped his anger , enclosing it firmly .
tr	NNS	The emptiness is harder to bear than anything else . "
tr	NNS	Souls come from the people who shape you as you grow .
tr	NN	The stunned limb lost its grip , but the other found the harness and by god it was not about to let go .
tr	NN	The Calling was wrong .
tr	NNS	As my pleasure began to subside , his movements grew faster .
tr	NNS	The boards with the pattern broke .
tr	NN	The thief looked at his friend .
tr	NNS	There were spies in the vampire covens .
tr	NNS	The heavy , three-story tall velvet drapes hung in tatters and every piece of furniture in the room lay smashed to pieces .
tr	NNS	The red flags and repairmen were a half-mile behind them when Shorty pulled himself into a sitting position next to Abe .
tr	NN	Her belly is warm against my back .
tr	NN	A fresh canvas is unfurling in front of us .
tr	NNS	Her colleagues had accepted the situation , some of them for the sake of a quiet life , others to take advantage of it .
tr	NN	" But the best witness would be the ghost himself .
tr	NNS	Something other shifters do not . "
tr	NN	The Prophet was too weak , now , to face him .
tr	NNS	The shots went into the second story -- way over their heads .
tr	NN	" If you were to marry someone else , your uncle would have no further claim on you . "
tr	NNS	In bed , their differences didn 't seem to matter so much .
tr	NNS	And the dancers matched , perhaps even outshone , the exquisite setting .
tr	NNS	As with most of life the movie images of youth had inspired the scientists of the future .
tr	NN	" Well , my theory is that it wouldn 't have come through .
tr	NNS	Haunting cases have often come down to old , exposed wiring .
tr	NN	The ambassador nodded this time .
tr	NNS	Their actions resulted in the long , bloody Chaos War , which had almost destroyed the entire world .
tr	NN	" Oh , " said the landlord , not seeming all that interested .
tr	NNS	All characters , names and settings are fictional , and do not portray any real individuals or places .
tr	NNS	Anyway , most patrols are only a handful of men , which is nothing like all of these horse tracks that I see here !
tr	NN	There is another rustle in the thick brush , and as quickly as it disappeared last time , Liam 's tail reappears .
tr	NN	The leader will take your hand off with his sword of death sooner than shake it . '
tr	NN	The gap into which they rode appeared to be the bed of a stream that had dried up thousands of years before .
tr	NNS	Girls swayed and danced in their bikinis , and others were dressed up like me , but seemed a hell of a lot more comfortable and confident .
tr	NN	The white spotlight winked out , went back on .
tr	NNS	New pirates were normally this sloppy - they all didn 't realize the importance of having multiple aliases or trying to hide from bounty hunters .
tr	NNS	But servants of the One Beneath learned to do without such luxuries as pride .
tr	NNS	Looks like she got that leak fixed before she went , but we lost a lot of gas .
tr	NNS	His cheekbones were obsidian shadows against the house 's flickering porch light .
tr	NN	Anyway , the sheriff showed us the video of the theft at the Chillicothe station . "
tr	NNS	Others could die from the stray gunfire .
tr	NN	The admiral continued , " We 're investigating how the Chinese got so close , but the torpedo was aimed for the Enterprise .
tr	NN	Each exchange had been close , and Perrin had earned his share of cuts and bruises , though those had since been Healed .
tr	NNS	By the fourth , the coils around my insides have stopped tightening .
tr	NN	Pink liquid dripped between her clenched fingers and white dotted her knuckles .
tr	NNS	Things have got to pick up soon .
tr	NN	There was no pleading in her voice , just simple need .
tr	NN	Now a reassuring haze of steam was emerging from each stall ahead of us .
tr	NNS	The warriors at her brother 's castle were brutish , rude , and often brainless .
tr	NN	Your accent is imperfect .
tr	NNS	There was a tightness in her voice too as she stood up and vanished that stupid hat .
tr	NN	" Does some super-secret evil villain live here ? "
tr	NN	Every canyon and glacier and sandy shore .
tr	NNS	Looks like you 'll be flying out tonight .
tr	NN	Her accent befriended our visitor with a " Howdy . "
tr	NNS	The berries were growing on a plant that was itself wrapped around a vine .
tr	NNS	Words fell short of describing the powerful sensation he 'd experienced throughout the play .
tr	NNS	" The coyotes got me , Caleb .
tr	NNS	Things that had almost started to click in his mind fell apart again .
tr	NN	The werewolf gently placed the sphere back in the glass , looked at the cup , and hurled the contents at Sean .
tr	NNS	My current project deals with a series of cold-blooded murders carried out by agents of the Drug Enforcement Administration .
tr	NN	Terror dug between every vertebra like sharp claws sinking into cold butter .
tr	NNS	The tickets were bars of the lovely stone , which counted as money , marked with chalk .
tr	NN	These fuckers plant improvised explosive devices all over the place trying to blow up our vehicles and people .
tr	NNS	Her lies didn 't fool me .
tr	NNS	There was something reassuring about the idea of losing myself inside the swarm of hundreds of bodies packed inside the warehouse .
tr	NNS	Logical facts were enough for him , and a promise of stability was more powerful than one of wealth .
tr	NNS	The cases of guns were much less interesting in Manfred 's view , though Bobo had told him what a draw they were to other shoppers .
tr	NN	A bullet whizzed by my ear , jarring me into movement .
tr	NNS	And ducks and mules are generally stupid .
tr	NNS	Those piercing pools of blue stared up at him .
tr	NNS	Sporty neon letters arranged vertically on a tall sign proclaimed , " New Gem . "
tr	NNS	Hands tore at her clothing , needing to get at her creamy skin , needing to feel it soft and supple beneath his palms .
tr	NN	The difficulty would be in waking up on time .
tr	NN	" Of course , such a story wil have to be corroborated .
tr	NNS	" The consequences will be different .
tr	NNS	All characters are works of fiction and any names or characteristics similar to any person past , present or future are coincidental .
tr	NNS	What if werewolves had the power to get inside one 's dreams ?
tr	NN	What was that trick you pulled on me ? "
tr	NNS	The torches said otherwise .
tr	NNS	Inside , my organs were roiling .
tr	NNS	The raindrops were visible as they passed through the bright lights along with the mist from their breaths .
tr	NN	" That woman 's high school sweetheart could be here at any moment , and she hasn 't seen him in years .
tr	NN	There was no other plausible explanation .
tr	NNS	A few rats were milling around in the cellar when they finally arrived .
tr	NNS	There 's such a casual view about things like sex and drinking and even drugs .
tr	NNS	His other classmates began to giggle .
tr	NNS	As the last of the guard disappear beneath the waves , sharpened spikes of a trident glisten in the moonlight in a final farewell .
tr	NNS	Sirens were wailing through the air .
tr	NN	The staircase was wide enough that there was still space between us , but narrow enough that there wasn 't much .
tr	NN	This idiot doesn 't even have a grasp of basic mechanics . '
tr	NN	Anger and alcohol turned her face splotchy red .
tr	NNS	Waves of longing rolled over her , intense and strong .
tr	NN	His sister-in-law stood before the second .
tr	NN	Every available pilot on the station refused to fly down to the surface .
tr	NNS	The few remaining campers continued to watch the dramatic test of skill , wit , and sheer nerve in the air .
tr	NNS	Her cheekbones felt as if they would crack from the pressure as she clenched her jaw .
tr	NNS	His skills with a sword were incredible .
tr	NN	" This little announcement you just heard Chris Harper give is the single most important press conference in NASA history . "
tr	NNS	And there are symptoms I 've found in him that don 't match any disease I 've ever heard of . "
tr	NN	A sparkle the demons behind her would soon snuff out .
tr	NN	As Tommy , my mother , Nevaeh and I ran for the basement , a tremendous crash from outside shook the house .
tr	NN	The one sentence she repeated almost every time was , " I don 't understand you . "
tr	NN	There was another light tap at the door .
tr	NN	" I 'm sad to see you go , " the landlord said when I told him of my plans to move out .
tr	NN	A less crude term was friends with benefits , but she didn 't think he was offering his friendship .
tr	NNS	Watching the spectacle in wonder , the three warriors stand stupefied as the reaver begins to whistle in short succession as if he were calling a dog .
tr	NN	The pilot says , " We 'll check , " and passes the phone to a flight attendant , who nervously begins reviewing the flight manifest .
tr	NN	The sudden thrill made her giddy .
tr	NN	But then there was the sour and that nagged at him .
tr	NNS	Several clay sculptures rested on built-in teak shelving , including a bust that could have been Nefertiti .
tr	NN	he said , his intent gaze fixed on her .
tr	NNS	His eyes are nearly black , the pupils dilated with passion and fury .
tr	NNS	Kris didn 't interrogate me much about it .
tr	NNS	Caroline 's inhibitions vanished .
tr	NN	Near the reception counter , a cute brunette in a short skirt held a handmade placard with his name on it .
tr	NN	Inside , his father 's secretary sat on the leather seat , the only passenger .
tr	NNS	University restrictions were the least of my worries .
tr	NNS	My own movements look oddly staccato as I slide behind boxes and barrels , and then crawl on my belly through the muck toward the twitching monster .
tr	NN	Who 's her favorite author ?
tr	NN	Understanding shone in her eyes , then hardened into something else .
tr	NN	Almost immediately there was an announcement .
tr	NNS	The seamstress had lined the inside of the coat so that the stitching didn 't rub my skin .
tr	NN	There was no reasoning with her .
tr	NNS	Images form with blinding speed , disappearing faster than they came , one after another , changing with a blink .
tr	NN	" And what 's my current predicament ? "
tr	NN	" Your mommy and daddy have gone up to heaven and are with God right now . "
tr	NN	Another stairwell took us up ... ... and I saw sunlight for the first time in four months .
tr	NNS	Where these lies came from , only the inner workings of the nameless could know .
tr	NN	No sane captain travelled the dangerous island waters after sunset .
tr	NN	" Tell me more about this group you 're with , " my passenger said , turning his bloody gaze on me .
tr	NNS	Chills raced over her skin , goose bumps of sheer possibility .
tr	NN	The bay swarmed with fishing boats and a multitude of coasting vessels .
tr	NN	There was a flutter in my chest that didn 't belong there .
tr	NNS	Romulus unlocked the door and let it swing open .
tr	NNS	The rows of seats at the long table around them were ominous in their emptiness .
tr	NN	' My method has been clinically proven time and time again .
tr	NNS	Short , hard thrusts followed by slow slides that drove her out of her mind .
tr	NNS	' And your colleagues will be glad to see you . '
tr	NN	My career keeps me on the road .
tr	NN	The silver-haired elder said keeping an understanding tone .
tr	NN	The nun gave him her rations and was standing at the door of the tent , rubbing a wooden rosary between her fingers .
tr	NN	The Ambassador looked around him .
tr	NNS	Wings , like hooves and fur , were usually part of the kindred 's domain .
tr	NNS	Things then became a little cloudy .
tr	NNS	Maybe there really were second chances .
tr	NNS	The petals looked very pink against the blackness of Doyle 's fur .
tr	NNS	The drums thundered back to life .
tr	NNS	No sudden movements , he knew .
tr	NN	What is our motto again in saving the environment ? "
tr	NNS	Sadness hovered over him , shadowing his eyes .
tr	NNS	Things between them are ... not going well at the present moment .
tr	NN	" With her on the Colorado delegation mouthing off with that liberal claptrap , the Texas delegation almost rode home with this Convention . "
tr	NN	There is no compulsion or law that forces me to maintain my neutrality . "
tr	NN	Her goal is to one day marry Tarn .
tr	NN	" The government has yet to produce a workable mind shield , and until they do , you 're in danger from her . "
tr	NNS	Lights in his eyes , dimming .
tr	NNS	Their edges were soft too .
tr	NNS	Words were not necessary .
tr	NNS	Doors -- all closed -- lined both sides of the corridor .
tr	NNS	The rats had settled down now and were giving the Bane their full attention .
tr	NNS	Marius closed his eyes ; he tried to see again the figure he had seen before .
tr	NN	The market was trending nowhere for the day .
tr	NNS	The crimson flakes and ruby dust strewn across the ledges of my ribs .
tr	NN	The quiet ease of our friendship had melted away .
tr	NN	There was no censure in his voice ; it was simply a statement of fact .
tr	NN	A thrill shot through her .
tr	NNS	Maybe our mothers would send us all away .
tr	NNS	Things fall apart . "
tr	NNS	Your social functions normally don 't include me . "
tr	NN	And hey , if that ghost 's lying , I 'll be back tonight . "
tr	NNS	There were paws poking out through the webs , snouts , hooves and fingers .
tr	NNS	Hands clapped loudly , followed by a sharp , feminine command .
tr	NNS	Girls like her never notice guys like me and damn me to hell for enjoying her touch and the sound of my name on her lips .
tr	NNS	The drops of rain had turned into a windy squall but subsided as quickly as it came , and Caroline was grateful for the reprieve .
tr	NN	The leader decided that they should concentrate on the demolished village until they met up with the other search party , when further plans could be made .
tr	NNS	In the Goodwin world , these races are small potatoes , but Star needs a win .
tr	NNS	Words don 't convey everything .
tr	NN	An equally disorienting tour finally led them to a large dark door .
tr	NN	The ogre 's stench almost choked the knight as it swung another blow at him .
tr	NNS	" The hues and shades and the patterns of the wavelengths are similar in some ways to your own .
tr	NNS	The only gates that we have are to keep the cows and horses in .
tr	NNS	Plans are to hang him on Fort Hill .
tr	NNS	A few squirrels ran circles around a tree branch , and the birds continued their lively chorus , but the world was otherwise still .
tr	NNS	Amber 's white lies were far , more interesting and something for Michael to seriously consider .
tr	NNS	The sirens and vibrating of helicopters were as common in Hollywood as the Metro busses ' screeching brakes .
tr	NN	CSA surveillance has flagged you all over the city . "
tr	NN	The leader took his mobile phone and pressed a speed dial button .
tr	NN	A foot-long gap sliced the asphalt next to me .
tr	NN	The talking rider was older than the others by a few years , clean shaven with clothes and gear new and well maintained .
tr	NNS	My boobs are practically spilling out .
tr	NN	He 'd never dreamed it would get her killed , and neither had I. Scarlet dress , dark brown hair , strong , slender build .
tr	NN	Its spiked tail whipped through the wind with every beat of the wings , as if to counterbalance the beast 's grotesque cargo .
tr	NNS	" Your Highness , please .
tr	NNS	Little bits of the truth kept getting lost .
tr	NN	The bard glanced at the others before he walked over to sit beside Basha , humming softly to himself for a moment .
tr	NN	There was no hesitation when I rammed it into its side .
tr	NNS	Medical insurance claims would create a paper trail , as would even paying with a check or credit card .
tr	NNS	The two ladies smiled at him , and Suzi watched from her wheelchair as Tatyana continued , like a tailor measuring him for a suit .
tr	NN	The little blonde at the wheel zipped right past him as he sat in the intersection waiting to turn .
tr	NN	A tiny curl of smoke came from my nostrils .
tr	NN	But then everyone 's child hood was like that .
tr	NN	The consultant had described my prognosis as " favorable " but said there was never any guarantee of cure .
tr	NNS	" Couple inches of snow out there , " I commented .
tr	NN	Our chaplain took divinity classes , but that was about it . '
tr	NNS	Both his shots went high .
tr	NNS	There were no leads , but no signs of foul play either .
tr	NNS	Its jaws are impossibly wide , filled with teeth which would be more suited to a bear .
tr	NN	It occurs when the heart stops beating in a regular rhythm , a condition called cardiac arrest . "
tr	NN	An impressive stack of $ 100 bills .
tr	NN	Static electricity is surrounding us , covering us .
tr	NN	And this morning , his dragon 's egg vanished , and with it the last dregs of his courage . "
tr	NN	Chance struggled to rise .
tr	NN	Real medicine cost real money .
tr	NNS	Ice chips slid between my breasts .
tr	NNS	Three pairs of wolf eyes locked on me , each of them sparking with more than a hint of amber .
tr	NN	The cardinal hesitated again .
tr	NNS	Has the duchess not purged her council of all the traitors ?
tr	NNS	The tiles I had ordered were a ridiculously expensive Italian import .
tr	NNS	Not about the drugs , but maybe about the Devil .
tr	NNS	The canal locks were interesting .
tr	NN	" Our honeymoon , " I said .
tr	NNS	The winds come out of the Barrens without anything to slow them . "
tr	NNS	Thoughts were moving so fast they were almost a blur .
tr	NNS	His companions looked at each other in confusion .
tr	NN	All the townsfolk who refuse the lion must escape to the plateaus . "
tr	NNS	There were consequences to not meeting the court 's probation requirements .
tr	NNS	In humans , the instincts are also there and they decide utility and value of human pursuits too .
tr	NNS	Her few potions and salves had little effect .
tr	NNS	His fears were probably comforting in comparison .
tr	NN	" Where does this assault on my office end , Maynard ?
tr	NNS	She dipped her hands into his pants , palming his butt , fingernails digging in just a hint before she raked around his hips farther still .
tr	NN	His clothing was filthy , his shirt stabbed and shot through , and God help him , Myst 's delicious blood marked his skin and clothing .
tr	NNS	As the orchestral enhancement seeps in you 'll either kiss or be interrupted at the last moment .
tr	NN	The agent laid Seth 's new filing paper onto the counter top and looked up .
tr	NNS	All the signs were there .
tr	NN	The gala would give me the chance to prove I was more than a brain with a knack for numbers .
tr	NNS	Kids heading for the buses passed them on either side .
tr	NN	As he considered the justice he would exact from the elusive rebel leader , Lucan 's comm unit buzzed in his pants pocket .
tr	NNS	Missing persons rarely are anything other than drudgery and boredom , certainly not what I 'm used to dealing with as an aviation consultant .
tr	NN	" You just don , t know .
tr	NN	The reflection in the mirror winked with approval .
tr	NNS	There were several cabinets crammed full of books .
tr	NN	Every inch of skin burns for her touch when she gives him that look .
tr	NNS	The soft , silky strands entangled him as he tilted her head to deepen the kiss .
tr	NN	The maid approached , chained to the horrible rhythm .
tr	NN	It was rather frightening , this slow careful exploration of a man she was undeniably attracted to .
tr	NN	An older fellow , obviously a sophisticated gentlemen , opened the door just a few inches and whispered something to her .
tr	NNS	The prayers of the villages flowed into the monastery like rivers into the sea .
tr	NNS	The eggs and coffee never tasted so good .
tr	NN	The entire mountain , and the large area surrounding the mountain as well , was artificial .
tr	NN	The thug even spent a year in the Big House five years ago for manslaughter .
tr	NNS	Phelps froze , thumbs tucked into the waistband of his black trousers , mouth open , about to detail yet another dangerous adventure .
tr	NN	The museum was a storehouse of America 's historical manuscripts and documents .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids fluttered open and her gaze locked with mine .
tr	NNS	Maris said , " No , " and he grinned as he held his hand out to Barrie .
tr	NNS	At that exact time the monitors registered a normal rate for all aspects of his condition being observed .
tr	NN	2 This exchange contains almost all you need to know about human civilization .
tr	NNS	Sure , her rows might not be as smooth or straight as the men 's , but that didn 't matter .
tr	NN	Doesn 't being a teacher suck even more than being a student ?
tr	NN	At least the little replica has a lid . "
tr	NN	So the little warrior was frightened .
tr	NN	You ' l just have to trust me on that . "
tr	NNS	But the fumes in the room were overpowering and had him gasping for air .
tr	NNS	But then the chances that someone sees you coming are high .
tr	NNS	Her Second Thoughts were : Well , she is .
tr	NN	The balance is a delicate one , which we are continually perfecting .
tr	NN	Every stroke on the canvas pulsed with emotion .
tr	NNS	Two crows fought each other overhead , screeching as if they knew Lucius was about to lie .
tr	NNS	The pills didn 't heal injuries or anything , but they helped kill the pain and agonizing strain .
tr	NN	His snort managed to be both contemptuous and elegant .
tr	NNS	Such bellissima ladies , you have come to the right place ! "
tr	NN	A raven wearing a damp piece of red paper landed on one arm .
tr	NN	Just boom , one second he was there , and the next he was a part of them , forcing them to do whatever he wanted .
tr	NN	The tip of Charlotte 's nose turned red .
tr	NNS	There aren 't many traders that come through these parts , and none I like better than Toyota .
tr	NNS	The butterflies in her stomach folded their wings , leaving it feeling strangely hollow .
tr	NN	Your contract says you belong to me .
tr	NNS	" My grandparents ... the adopted parents of my real dad are here . "
tr	NNS	" Where are the planes ? "
tr	NNS	There were no guarantees , but it was the best he could do , given the situation .
tr	NNS	Two wet bars , fully stocked .
tr	NN	The extension rang and kept ringing until it went to voice mail .
tr	NNS	No two descriptions were alike .
tr	NN	The yard was dark as they found the iron table .
tr	NNS	" Drugs , " Lexi said .
tr	NN	A low boom echoes from where we 've come .
tr	NN	My worst chore of the late afternoon was in the garden .
tr	NNS	Then images of the elevator and the key appeared .
tr	NN	" Not long , " the second lieutenant at the monitor replied .
tr	NN	As I whirl , the teenage warrior falls to the ground , clutching his chest , blood pouring out around his fingers .
tr	NNS	Evidently generations of bugs had been climbing up and down the shaft for hundreds of years .
tr	NN	A sob tore through her as she shook her head , tried to escape his grip again .
tr	NNS	Not that her servants intruded unduly , but Amira had never realized just how much they were underfoot until she wanted time to herself .
tr	NN	" No , the knight of clubs . "
tr	NNS	The blades struck the warlock in his throat , heart and eyes , killing him instantly .
tr	NN	But standing in front of the bathroom mirror now , Link knew something was different .
tr	NN	Sometimes optimism worked out .
tr	NNS	Their eggs , were much prized by the Nomads but a mother Crest , would defend her eggs viciously .
tr	NNS	There were light fixtures that hung in between exposed steel beams .
tr	NNS	Bugs came , and my cuts got infected , and the body began to smell .
tr	NN	Bradley 's conviction of the substitutes was getting confirmed by the real data .
tr	NNS	With every movement our kisses increased in desperation .
tr	NN	Her instinct is to protect .
tr	NNS	Wrong ideas about what that life is will make it harder .
tr	NN	A dimple appeared on her left cheek .
tr	NNS	His hits were like hammer strikes , and welts and bruises soon plastered my body .
tr	NNS	Several servants disappeared through the rooms leading off from the entrance hall .
tr	NN	" There is , however , one condition . "
tr	NN	That absence allows his mind to stray to the past .
tr	NNS	Rose petals covered the pallet and champagne chilled in a bucket .
tr	NNS	The footsteps moved away from us .
tr	NN	The receptionist gave them directions to the top floor , explaining how to get up there and who would be at the other end .
tr	NNS	The drums in the distance grew louder .
tr	NNS	Fourth , drink fluids and stay hydrated .
tr	NNS	' Our mothers sometimes let us go hungry ! '
tr	NNS	Thoughts of her mother were complicated enough , but what she felt toward her father was completely confusing .
tr	NN	The caller was referring to Russia 's Federal Border Guard Service .
tr	NNS	Loud footsteps approached the stalls .
tr	NN	The unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this copyrighted work is illegal .
tr	NN	A thin skittering of snow had blown in and blew over the black and white tiled floor .
tr	NN	" She ' l suffer more as human , so if she shifts to dragon , kil her where she lies . "
tr	NNS	The lunch ladies and delivery man for the Pyramid Company who all assisted in running the drug operation in the school are dead .
tr	NN	A sob burst from her , and she covered her mouth with a shaky hand .
tr	NN	" I didn 't have much growing up , " Chance said .
tr	NN	Jonas 's leg idly brushed against Verity 's in the water and she felt a tiny thrill along her nerve endings .
tr	NN	The other sadly shook his head .
tr	NNS	Then the scales began to burn away , smoking , sizzling , leaving only more of that ugly bone .
tr	NNS	The dwarves had now found a new supply of tinned Spam with a large can of self heating mashed potato .
tr	NNS	Kind of like the black and white movies my grandparents think we like to watch with them .
tr	NN	The shrieking from the courtyard was getting louder , but another noise overwhelmed the awful sounds below .
tr	NN	My secretary called the last nightclub you attended and asked for their recipe .
tr	NN	There was a badge clipped to the front of his shirt with the man 's name on it : Axel Hoover .
tr	NNS	Barnabas started after him , hesitating when I took his elbow and drew him to a stop .
tr	NN	The caller ID should have read " Joe 's Gas Station , " not " Elise Hanover . "
tr	NN	Would a vile villain take such an act just to slaughter them later ?
tr	NN	Windle 's healer is tending them now .
tr	NN	The route the road took was over twice the length at over two miles .
tr	NNS	The old , warped boards along the dock were damp ; the overnight temperatures allowing moisture in the air to have condensed on them .
tr	NN	This pub was everything one should be .
tr	NNS	Simple teachings for ordinary people and all so understood and accepted as is today .
tr	NNS	Community religious leaders kept threatening to board up Coldwater 's hotbed of iniquity for disorderly teens ... also known as the Devil 's Handbag .
tr	NNS	Her footprints go right up to the trailer . "
tr	NN	Our escort stops at a respectful distance from its leader and makes its unintelligible report .
tr	NNS	And banks have lots of security . "
tr	NNS	" What are the total damages now ? "
tr	NN	I l know this isn 't a social call . "
tr	NN	" The mistress suffers something terrible from joint knots . "
tr	NNS	There were several cocktail dresses , some sun dresses , shorts , shirts , slacks , sweaters and shoes to match every outfit .
tr	NNS	His actions didn 't offend me ; rather , they made me feel a bit more at ease .
tr	NN	His medic knew , of course . "
tr	NNS	Their birthdays were both in April , and Jamie loved to point out that she was a whole week older .
tr	NN	Fists pound on the other side of the door , shaking it .
tr	NNS	Its members wore gold and red , and a tall figure at the front caused them to shine with vibrant color .
tr	NN	Our restroom is just there in the corner . "
tr	NN	The werewolf sat on the ground and waited patiently for Willow .
tr	NN	Their electricity felt lighter somehow , weightless .
tr	NN	There was only a slight pitch in his tone you could miss easily if you weren 't paying attention .
tr	NN	Plastic packing tape trailed a two-foot crack in the bottom edge of the plate glass front .
tr	NN	Cole 's next leap brought him almost to his companions .
tr	NNS	White caps glimmered far out before they slipped away .
tr	NN	Standing before the glass , the pigeon had eyed the bread in his hand , cooing slightly .
tr	NNS	The zombies were in fact beginning to die a second death .
tr	NN	There is always a crisis .
tr	NN	My reasoning was that if I stayed as I was , I would buy myself some time but hardly resolve anything .
tr	NNS	" My apologies , Agent Christopher Prince , Dr. Angel Hicks Dupree , this is officer Bucky Branch of the Atlanta Police Department . "
tr	NNS	" Questions for another time , " he said , his back to him .
tr	NNS	The two black spots above his eyes rose in question as if they were eyebrows .
tr	NNS	Things weren 't quite as out of control with Toby , but they were better .
tr	NNS	As soon as she joined , the members pointedly ignored her .
tr	NN	Buck 's cough slowed and then stopped .
tr	NN	Lust and longing seethed in his arteries as he entered the shower cubicle , letting the hot water sting some measure of relief into his tension .
tr	NN	The altar stood directly under the hole in the roof ; there was only rubble - the area was unreachable .
tr	NNS	When the last note had been played , the dancers exited the stage .
tr	NN	Riordan had to find a way to escape , there was no other option .
tr	NN	" That dumb moron isn 't going to do anything , because he isn 't going to find me .
tr	NNS	A sudden tightness in Gabe 's throat made it difficult to speak .
tr	NNS	" I don 't know why Melton hasn 't put a stop to it then , " the dowager duchess huffed .
tr	NNS	" The wolves are mad tonight ! "
tr	NNS	What she saw looking back at her were Sean 's dark blue eyes , intense under black brows , pupils widening as he rode her .
tr	NNS	Things that hunt under a certain phase of the moon do so every month .
tr	NNS	Lots of people are going to hate me , if they get around to actually reading it .
tr	NNS	The doctors ' expressions didn 't betray a single thing .
tr	NN	His mate , his bride , his wife , his queen went limp in his arms .
tr	NN	A haze of bullets felled some of the archetypes , yet none broke formation .
tr	NNS	Brooke 's boot prints cut a trail through the sand and dust covering the concrete floor .
tr	NN	The air-conditioning was fine , wasn 't it ?
tr	NNS	Where the blazes was his sergeant ?
tr	NN	The hell hound was on top of him , tearing his shoulders with its claws and snapping at his face with death in its gaze .
tr	NN	The leopard was an untamed beast of the wild .
tr	NNS	Rather , sports figured as a backdrop to the main topics of murder , lust , greed and adultery .
tr	NNS	The letters had arrived at my new LA address without incident .
tr	NNS	Several filing cabinets were off to the left side of the room .
tr	NN	Storm is one of my favorite guys . "
tr	NN	The leader was quite young - twenty at the most .
tr	NNS	Shouts of agreement and cheers lifted up over the fire and floated through the sky .
tr	NNS	The pats got harder until I was pretty much slapping him .
tr	NN	In the end , Scarlet 's assessment was correct .
tr	NNS	Things became slightly easier once the bottom of the ladder pulled taut with a second passenger , but after a moment a realization came to mind .
tr	NN	His lack of trust didn 't exactly inspire my confidence in him either , but at least he had a legitimate reason for being suspicious .
tr	NN	A good leader recognized this .
tr	NN	My career is now professional vampire . "
tr	NNS	Things go wrong so easily , and so often .
tr	NNS	The warriors we are faced with are some of these - blades won 't cut them because of their magic .
tr	NN	The stench was subtle but unmistakable .
tr	NNS	A few repairs and they 'd be perfect for storage of the fescue or corn he would plant in the meadow next spring .
tr	NNS	As they lay sleeping in their silken cocoons , cared for by the Crystal Spiders their minds remained dark .
tr	NN	A Los Angeles Class nuclear sub would be available as it returned to duty off the north coast of Australia .
tr	NNS	And the visits had suddenly stopped .
tr	NNS	Soldiers helped him inside .
tr	NNS	More strands of lightning grew out from her back and grabbed onto the walls .
tr	NN	The sheer honesty of it all threatened to hurtle him over the edge with her .
tr	NNS	Others dove back into the river , splashing heavily to escape the onslaught .
tr	NNS	Elias didn 't move .
tr	NNS	His thrusts were hard and urgent , no doubt fueled by feelings he 'd long been holding back on .
tr	NN	How can a deity do that ?
tr	NNS	All the signs were in place for another one of those long , sleep in your pickup on the edge of town , nights .
tr	NNS	" For the most part , Somali pirates make decent hosts .
tr	NN	" It would seem better mayhap to continue our present course for some little distance first , " the knight replied thoughtfully .
tr	NNS	My other classes progressed in a similar way .
tr	NNS	The fairies were very proud of their pet girl , and they taught her all the secrets of the magical world .
tr	NNS	Van Gogh 's landscapes seemed different in style to his later paintings , less intricate .
tr	NNS	Chartres limped toward her , his blind eye wandering .
tr	NNS	Valerius glanced over his shoulder , just before disappearing into his tent , and gave Amara a smug and venomous glance as he did .
tr	NNS	Suddenly , so many tiny black wisps rushed forward .
tr	NN	" The poor peasant used by a goddess . "
tr	NN	" Love is patient and forgiving .
tr	NNS	The towering idiots grinned further .
tr	NNS	" Those scones of yours just keep getting better and better .
tr	NN	The bullet entering his leg had been bad .
tr	NN	" So ... " Michael fidgeted with the silverware on the tray and scowled at it .
tr	NNS	Cassius straightened out his toga and rubbed his youthful chin while casually glancing around .
tr	NN	The distant shriek of the funnels sent a shiver through her .
tr	NNS	Cars were still crowding the main drive directly below .
tr	NNS	Tailored suits and parasols strolled the walks and everyone was greeted with a tip of the hat .
tr	NNS	" Straker 's letters may have been a lie , but hers were not .
tr	NN	" Who 's my partner going to be ?
tr	NNS	Things she will need to know , Ira . "
tr	NN	I felt like a private in bootcamp , there was never a notion of back talk or standing my ground .
tr	NNS	Images slammed into her .
tr	NNS	All the other ghosts said you were the one to go to . "
tr	NNS	Their minds seemed consumed with worry about everything from the weather to what to serve for the next meal .
tr	NNS	Those night locks were a huge problem .
tr	NN	This time Milos did , and Jill took a healthy step back from him .
tr	NNS	Her actions were a little too slow , a little too measured , as if her mind were far away .
tr	NNS	Alexis smiled to herself in spite of her rushing thoughts .
tr	NNS	His defenders pointed out that a goddess told him to do it , so he was just doing his duty .
tr	NNS	" The chances are excellent . "
tr	NN	There were a ton of cars already in the lot .
tr	NNS	In addition there are other members whom you will become acquainted with .
tr	NN	In one sense the notion of giving Canute an heir filled her with excitement .
tr	NNS	Our foes won 't relent , so neither can we . "
tr	NNS	As soon as he entered he saw the painkillers , antibiotics and the red soaked bandages in the bathroom trash can .
tr	NN	Immediately she 's unfolding her legs and sliding pretty feet into her heels , her wide-eyed gaze passing by me to search the hall through the windows .
tr	NNS	Soon other pirates notice their shipmates have stopped fighting and are looking at the ghostly dueling swords .
tr	NN	The dizziness gave way to heat .
tr	NNS	The wolves outside the Council had no idea I was a Lycan yet , but everyone now knew I was a full-blooded werewolf .
tr	NN	There was a sheen to her graying hair .
tr	NN	Inside , a woman 's scrawl had transcribed a message : I hope you still want me to call .
tr	NNS	A few brown strands whipped around my face like wildcats in the wind as I sang along with Natalie Merchant .
tr	NN	A camouflaged outpost of buildings built to blend in with their surroundings .
tr	NN	Kurt 's flashlight still shone out over the water .
tr	NN	Their ambassador is making waves , if you 'll pardon the nautical metaphor . "
tr	NNS	" Then ladies would be able to drive . "
tr	NNS	Several textbooks lay open on the couch and a plan book was set next to them .
tr	NNS	Both globes exploded in rapid succession , with white flashes and thunderous booms that echoed in the cavernous hall .
tr	NN	Normally , a captain never questioned the quartermaster in front of the crew or vice versa .
tr	NNS	Adonis stared at our intertwined fingers .
tr	NNS	There were no guarantees you 'd inherit a special gift .
tr	NNS	All credit to you , the ogres never dreamt of death on such a scale .
tr	NN	Link cal ed out over the sound of the waves crashing against the rocks outside .
tr	NN	The old shinobi slyly grinned at his student .
tr	NNS	The cameras aren 't even here .
tr	NNS	Romulus yawned , impossible to surprise .
tr	NNS	" All the vamps who live in Cadogan will be there , like witnesses .
tr	NN	My birthday already felt like the distant past .
tr	NNS	Folks just like us , he 'd told Joshua and it was probably true .
tr	NNS	There were scrambled eggs , whole-wheat toast , bacon , and sausages .
tr	NN	The gleam in Dionysus 's eyes said he was looking forward to it .
tr	NNS	Your organs will start to shut down , and there will be no reversing that . "
tr	NN	The bitter liquid burned my tongue , but it brought me out of the memories and lent some heat to my cold body .
tr	NNS	Sadness filled me , but I tried to ignore the sensation .
tr	NNS	Three inches between them , and he missed .
tr	NN	The dragon sighed and hung her head .
tr	NNS	Other shifters who 'd taken shelter in the woods turned back into their human forms and looked out on the battle with horror .
tr	NNS	The gorillas were sighing and signing swiftly , trying to decide what to do .
tr	NN	A grimace swept over his face , but he didn 't shift his gaze .
tr	NN	The senator wants to come and hang out with his Lordship in the reviewing stand for the Watermelon Festival parade .
tr	NN	Such misery , torture .
tr	NNS	The letters are . "
tr	NN	The old dragon looked at her .
tr	NNS	Your skills as a leader and a combatant make you uniquely qualified from the front lines .
tr	NN	The real estate agent dismissed her concerns with a wave of one meaty paw .
tr	NNS	Screams of pain filled his ears ... white fire filled his veins .
tr	NN	And that damn spider living in his skull , too .
tr	NN	To one side rose a stack of flatbread .
tr	NN	The determination to find Garcia outweighed the potential of any personal risk .
tr	NNS	There were cabinets and a table and chair in the corner .
tr	NNS	" The duchess is already with them , Your Grace .
tr	NN	The throbbing in her head was driving her crazy .
tr	NNS	" Your actions have precipitated events that definitely call for notice .
tr	NNS	There were consequences for everything .
tr	NN	The personality of the medium is at all times intact and ' comes back ' as it was before .
tr	NN	The wolf leapt and bit Snow on its hand .
tr	NN	All that mattered was that I find a way to get back home .
tr	NNS	Lots of other people were , but my wife and I tried to keep our lives at least somewhat authentic by doing most things ourselves .
tr	NNS	His attempts at gaining prestige through the German military had seemed successful at first .
tr	NN	The caller received the full attention of the three women .
tr	NNS	Soldiers were running up the slope towards them .
tr	NN	Not a single venue , nor employer , would take us . "
tr	NN	But the dawn gave him no pleasure that morning .
tr	NNS	They were in bloom , their petals lined with silver in the moonlight .
tr	NN	Situational adrenaline probably played a role too , and ... well , maybe there was something in my genes after all .
tr	NNS	Football programs , class pictures , love letters , key rings and a gold chain .
tr	NN	Old man alligator was dead .
tr	NN	When I 'd been a little girl my momma had taken us to Sunday school at the local Baptist church .
tr	NN	His manner is disrespectful . "
tr	NNS	Looks like there really was a new monster . "
tr	NN	Her lack of fear shocked him .
tr	NNS	In the Republic 's final days , some powerful members of government plotted to overthrow the U.S. federal government , such as Richard Woodland .
tr	NNS	Her movements did not slow down as much as they began to flow with an ethereal grace .
tr	NN	There was only the roar in his ears .
tr	NNS	Words came right out of his mouth .
tr	NN	There , in the lines of enhanced code , was the data description for the system operational rules that governed the entire user system interface .
tr	NN	A heavy guilt weighed on him as he set out to do exactly what his mother had forbidden .
tr	NN	Unbound , the thick , curly brown mass tumbled downward , framing her face .
tr	NNS	As he came out of the store a black Mercedes pulled up on the sidewalk .
tr	NNS	But her instincts told her that his meddling alone had not caused the catastrophic change in direction .
tr	NNS	the duchess asks , leaning forward with her brows pinched in concern .
tr	NN	How did Derek 's grandmother get it so fast ?
tr	NNS	" All the scans indicate that the planet 's environment is habitable .
tr	NNS	Bugs shouted with annoyance .
tr	NN	The werewolf sat across from me .
tr	NNS	Physically , her lovers became her slaves .
tr	NNS	Cast members from countless school plays Spencer had starred in fiddled with their tassels .
tr	NN	His concentration had slipped away from me , and my old wounds were closed , as if by ... magic .
tr	NNS	The travelers found themselves sailing rather lazily toward heavy , black clouds that threatened great violence .
tr	NN	" What colour is the new carpet ? "
tr	NNS	All his schemes worked out for the best after all the kinks were worked out .
tr	NN	The lifeless indifference of his eyes hid the fact that some degree of intelligence resided somewhere in his brain .
tr	NN	Lie next to her , touch her , make her feel safe , even if it was from me .
tr	NN	Their very success and survival depended on the EOD 's secrecy .
tr	NN	Dave 's first instinct was to say no ; international financing was not his focus and he had more than enough domestic business to keep busy .
tr	NN	The momentum presses me back against the skeleton chair , and the view out the window turns into a smear of color .
tr	NN	His limb remembered her , too .
tr	NN	" A new development has cropped up , and I want you to see it . "
tr	NNS	After the presentation , the clients asked a few questions , looked at each other , and smiled .
tr	NNS	" The rats , " she said .
tr	NNS	Maks did not relish the thought of retrieving nine bloodied corpses from the bottom of the Four Brothers mine .
tr	NNS	The only notable differences included their gift of being highly intelligent , physically fit , and more technically advanced .
tr	NNS	The cousins were as close as brothers and sisters , the older ones watching out for the smaller children .
tr	NNS	The roads were thick with sleet and ice , and I had no business driving , but every turn I took brought me closer to Trenton .
tr	NNS	Things that other people haven 't ever been able to solve .
tr	NN	Only the slow grinding of time and failure would ease their grief and the disappointment to manageable levels .
tr	NN	" They 'll spot us soon , " the lieutenant said .
tr	NNS	The authorities won 't notice it 's missing when they search her purse .
tr	NNS	Things certainly had become interesting since Aggie had been rescued from her incarceration .
tr	NN	The sergeant came down and searched the basement afterwards .
tr	NNS	Hands searched the fire .
tr	NN	The tray had three filled flutes of Champagne Bollinger , nestled beside the opened bottle on it .
tr	NN	" The artifact of humanization was a mummy ? "
tr	NN	And every vampire I stake is one less horrible creature that takes from people we know , draining the blood from people we love . "
tr	NN	The sheriff took a step forward , and his eyes glowed red .
tr	NN	" Another perfect creation , even if I do say so myself . "
tr	NN	Suddenly her posture snapped back up to attention .
tr	NN	" No doubt about it , he jumped " , the cow added .
tr	NNS	When her guard appeared , the whispers ceased .
tr	NNS	You ladies want to join us ? "
tr	NNS	Gold chains glittered on her wrists and roped her throat .
tr	NNS	Partially finished dresses and men 's bodices and jackets adorn the dummies .
tr	NNS	Cassius sat on the lounge opposite her , and snapped his finger to one of the slaves .
tr	NN	The therapist he used to see said that he spoke about it once and didn 't remember much .
tr	NNS	The chains of responsibility tightened across her chest until she couldn 't breathe .
tr	NNS	Two pairs of eyes stared at me .
tr	NNS	Their hypothesis identified Ilya and Ivan as the perpetrators and the immediate goal was to identify a connection between the twins and the exchange 's system .
tr	NNS	Looks like it 's supplied from an underground tank or something , and they seem to know the difference . "
tr	NN	His irrational preoccupation with Kara had grown worse and worse over the last year , causing him to want no other woman except her .
tr	NN	Plus , the landlord required first and last month 's rent and a security deposit in advance .
tr	NN	Her womb clenched , triggering tiny like quakes .
tr	NN	A cold prickle ran up Jacobs ' neck and back forcing him to pull his eyes away .
tr	NNS	The streetlights lining the sidewalk twinkled on and off as students , staff , and strangers passed them by .
tr	NN	Raul 's posture loosens and so does his expression .
tr	NNS	The creatures were moving faster as a single unit now , their motions erratic and unsteady , but unwavering .
tr	NN	There was no negotiating with this woman .
tr	NN	His tie was bold .
tr	NNS	The childlike elves kept to small groups watching with eagle eyes the doings of the busier dwarves who seemed to be gathering supplies and cooking food .
tr	NNS	Things happened quickly then .
tr	NN	The aerial combat settled into the steadier , grinding work of attrition .
tr	NN	My provisional accuracy ranking is a hilarious 11 percent .
tr	NNS	Things were wonderful for the first few years .
tr	NNS	And centuries later , random members of the broad family tree were still paying the price of an unholy covenant negotiated by Vlad the Impaler .
tr	NNS	Looks like you were right .
tr	NNS	Things like they lied about being from France .
tr	NNS	Others noticed it too .
tr	NN	And your belly ... Oh my , did he cut you ? "
tr	NNS	" How are your classes ? "
tr	NN	Watch my back , I ' l talk to him . "
tr	NNS	There were no signs of visible abuse , no cuts , bruises or swelling .
tr	NNS	" The servants told me he returned home this morning .
tr	NN	When she entered the house , the maid gave her a knowing look .
tr	NNS	Two prints for about a day 's pay , two cardboard mailers included , one for the mother and one for the wife or the girlfriend .
tr	NNS	" Where are the pills ? "
tr	NNS	My employers are ... concerned about what you 've done . "
tr	NN	His hooded gaze met hers , cool and direct .
tr	NNS	Rufus looked over at his best friend again .
tr	NNS	His thrusts came faster than she 'd ever known .
tr	NNS	The authorities didn 't want anyone to get out .
tr	NN	Riyad 's aura snaked around him and clenched tightly .
tr	NN	The sole illumination came from recessed lighting in the ceiling and the glow of the giant LED displays that covered almost every square foot of wall space .
tr	NN	And my uncle could have killed her . "
tr	NNS	Climbing the steps to the palace , new servants opened the doors stepping to the side .
tr	NN	The nipple tightened and he took it into his mouth , pulling and tugging .
tr	NN	This abandoned factory had proved no different .
tr	NN	The leader cocked its head .
tr	NNS	But a few wolves still made it into the house .
tr	NNS	The suns burn much hotter here in my beautiful land than in your Dark Plains .
tr	NN	Jude leaned forward , eyes intent on his brother .
tr	NNS	There were no dents .
tr	NN	The veil of secrecy and suspicion that surrounded Mathew fell in twenty minutes .
tr	NN	There was a sad chuckle , and suddenly Michaels knew .
tr	NN	Love did the same .
tr	NNS	The duchess stands at a large table flanked by three men who stare at the map in front of her .
tr	NN	The pitch to the tailback was as predictable as a sunrise , and Sam sent everybody but the free safety , just in case .
tr	NN	But the werewolf leapt right over the flames .
tr	NN	During the last of our semi-annual peace conferences the bastard had claimed her head on a pike would end the war forever .
tr	NNS	The two kneeling figures looked at Doyle .
tr	NNS	Soldiers began filtering in , group by group until a sizable crowd had formed around the podium .
tr	NNS	Scarlett 's instincts told her to run , but her feet remained soldered to the ground .
tr	NN	Nausea washed over her as she tried to focus and stop the spinning .
tr	NN	Your government does not know we exist , and there is no weapon that would be of any use to us . "
tr	NN	A rustling sounded through the phone .
tr	NN	" You 're out late , friend , " the fellow observed , handing the big knight the sticky goblet .
tr	NNS	The gates didn 't open , and my life wasn 't ended quickly by a sniper 's bullet .
tr	NN	The reputation of being " misguided and misunderstood " filled the mysterious gaps , only bringing speculation back to that of horror .
tr	NN	The snake gave a hideous roar and shuddered .
tr	NN	A bruise is forming around Elliott 's eye from Will 's punch , in the same spot I hit him after he dangled me over the river .
tr	NNS	Werewolves changed by it , farmers planted their seeds by it , mothers prayed they would give birth by it .
tr	NN	And a policeman can 't afford to have his wife mixed up with anything like that .
tr	NNS	In spite of the whole damned world , Mr. Atwater , these two star-crossed lovers have found their way back to each other .
tr	NN	His great uncle , Dick , burst into the room without waiting for a response .
tr	NNS	" Names , email addresses and phone numbers ! "
tr	NN	" Two thanks in two days , " he said , the twinkle in his blue eyes matching the killer smile .
tr	NN	The map showed few roads and he knew not to count on those that it did show .
tr	NN	There was a metallic clatter and I spun to see two pots and pans falling off of the stove and onto the floor .
tr	NNS	All roads travel through the woods .
tr	NN	The brown-eyed maid looked up at the healer and the guard .
tr	NNS	Names , characters , places , and incidents are products of the author 's mind and are not to be construed as real .
tr	NNS	Our top halves emerged , the morning air slightly chill against my wet skin .
tr	NN	His reputation assured most battles were won before they even began .
tr	NN	The gentleman who was , shall we say , in your face looked quite energetic . "
tr	NN	There in the dust and grime was a small sliver of wood .
tr	NN	But there is no defense , now that it 's taken him .
tr	NNS	The contents of the box were a tangle of confusion , and it took her time to sort out the pieces .
tr	NNS	There were three open doorways that probably led into the formal living room , the dining room , and the bedroom area .
tr	NN	A sob broke through my lips , and he clutched me tighter to his chest .
tr	NN	My unit and I did the best we could , and thanks to Kyle 's father we ended the threat .
tr	NN	" The shield , " he prompted .
tr	NN	The division between man and machine is already blurred .
tr	NNS	And burns permanently marred her body .
tr	NNS	Outside , in the arena , the fans began applauding , a rare form of recognition in professional wrestling .
tr	NNS	Sadhana Spiritual practices ; praying , meditating , reciting mantras and doing Karma Yoga -- selfless work .
tr	NN	My only other option was to stay put and make an either very brave , or very stupid , attempt to stop the robbery .
tr	NNS	There are constant meetings between Foster and these men .
tr	NNS	" Many changes have occurred since you left . "
tr	NNS	Your actions killed your parents , not hers , yet you allowed Annabelle to suffer for your crime .
tr	NNS	The attendants towed the bots away .
tr	NNS	The twins were in rare form and Bella was exhausted and cranky herself .
tr	NN	A custom van pulled up to the curb across the street .
tr	NN	" Part of me wonders if Stacy 's still alive .
tr	NNS	Two men wearing trench coats were standing by the conveyer belt , hands jammed into their pockets , hats pulled low over their faces .
tr	NN	" The sheriff told me to keep a close eye on all ships entering and leaving Huron .
tr	NN	Love created the best .
tr	NNS	As we sit here your cells are aging , breaking down and dying , slowly , one by one .
tr	NN	Perhaps the ransom demand wasn 't all bad , after all , if this was a consequence .
tr	NN	Come to think of it , my mate always did too . "
tr	NNS	The other couples look happy , like they 're celebrating something special .
tr	NNS	Surprisingly , all his family members had been lucky in marriage .
tr	NNS	The negotiations broke down anyway .
tr	NN	The laptop has a modem set up to link into an absolutely secure system .
tr	NN	" Not going that route , " the attorney grimaced .
tr	NNS	Images of Luca come to mind .
tr	NNS	The black spots thickened .
tr	NNS	Witches and warlocks can only use magic because they have demon blood . "
tr	NNS	Jewels flashed on his fingers .
tr	NN	Love turned from the window and strode over to his desk .
tr	NN	The recorder did so .
tr	NN	Of that two hundred or so , twenty-seven had vampires on their planets .
tr	NN	This conviction could not have popped into my head at a more inconvenient moment .
tr	NNS	Cars on Market Street slowed to a crawl .
tr	NN	the Scottish bastard asked .
tr	NNS	" Such foolish human notions that women are only beautiful in the first flush of youth .
tr	NNS	As soon as I enter , the seamstress bows her neck .
tr	NN	The air-conditioning 's up there .
tr	NNS	There 's a bazillion servants on there with him .
tr	NN	Lavender fragrance followed her , changing the space subtly from ours to hers .
tr	NNS	Achilles still fought on , but now aided by his loyal soldiers who died vainly under the might of the ashen god .
tr	NN	I don , t know that we do .
tr	NN	The yard was weedy and muddy after winter .
tr	NNS	The distinctive bowler hats were missing .
tr	NN	There was a crash behind them .
tr	NN	When he kisses me passionately , my pulse suddenly quickens and I forget in an instant that I 'm sleepy .
tr	NN	The majority of us love the relationship we have with our human friends .
tr	NN	A growl escaped his lips , drowned by the music .
tr	NN	Tully 's beautifully cut black wool coat was really too thick for hugging .
tr	NN	Ty 's growl became a groan as Zane rose up onto his knees .
tr	NNS	Wet drops collected on her jaw line and fell onto her shirt .
tr	NNS	The chills got worse when he ran his palms up my bare arms .
tr	NN	The Program controls the media , James .
tr	NNS	The Greyhounds attacks met waiting armor and found it defying them , laser blasts barely scorched him when they connected .
tr	NNS	Supposedly , Boeing designers had carefully laid out this fore cabin to provide passengers with " a sense of order mixed with tranquility . "
tr	NNS	In the distance , other members of his tribe were sitting around , looking bored at the prospect of the day 's batch of fresh visitors .
tr	NNS	Within moments the five Sentinels were upon them , before either had a chance to act .
tr	NNS	There were nude shots of Carol at different ages .
tr	NN	Chance stared up at Gwen , knowing this was the most important moment of his life .
tr	NNS	" Your new quarters , Boss , " he announced .
tr	NNS	Things were getting worse and I didn 't know what to do .
tr	NN	" Any bastard who could run a cult would have found it a snap to control her .
tr	NNS	With the amount of demon activity plaguing the world , warriors of their caliber were in high demand .
tr	NN	The garage was narrow , an old style with a pull-up door and a row of windows across the top .
tr	NNS	There were gangs fighting for control of what was left here , probably the same there .
tr	NN	But the closet was empty , the clothing still scattered on the floor where Jax had left it .
tr	NNS	Below the monitors was an alarm console .
tr	NNS	Thoughts came to her , not so much in words , but in images and sensations .
tr	NNS	" The minions will take care of it .
tr	NNS	Barry 's efforts wouldn 't win any design awards , but the peroxide drained the brown pigment from his hair in virtually no time at all .
tr	NNS	" As I mentioned , visitors have become scarce .
tr	NN	The only method through which they can deliver is by the rupturing of their stomachs .
tr	NNS	The levels are just slightly higher than that outside our caves right now . "
tr	NNS	Her fears assailed her from all sides , sending a chill down her spine .
tr	NNS	But there were classrooms of kids needing teachers all over the country .
tr	NNS	The family members passed a candle around from person to person , each recipient choosing a passage to share with the group .
tr	NNS	Bugs saw it first , and snatching Timmy by the collar , pulled his friend up and over one of the wooden palettes .
tr	NNS	Others criticize me for taking matters into my own hands .
tr	NNS	The gusts caught snippets of high , excited voices as the boys peppered their mother with questions .
tr	NNS	Muscles lining his broad jaw relaxed .
tr	NNS	The bites on his shoulder and hip weren 't severe .
tr	NNS	The changes in the presentation were time consuming and I had to go over it again and again to make sure it flowed correctly .
tr	NNS	The leather seats hug my body better than any knockoff Tempur-Pedic memory foam like Mom and Dad have on their bed back home .
tr	NNS	But , rumours build up into legends , all over a bit of nonsense .
tr	NN	The tap became a loud knock .
tr	NNS	Words could never express how sorry I am for what I did . "
tr	NN	Warm liquid oozed down the side of her face .
tr	NN	" Security software , babe .
tr	NN	If your brother ever gets his act straight , there is a stack of bonds with his name on them as well .
tr	NN	The radiation did nothing to us , but it was deadly to the humans .
tr	NNS	Only mercenaries make any sense .
tr	NNS	Saturday classes are always an option if you find yourself struggling . "
tr	NN	The maximum figure she was authorized to offer any one person was ten thousand dollars and that was only after a lot of negotiating .
tr	NN	The failed blackmail was unprecedented .
tr	NNS	Their fullness and weight pressed against his palms .
tr	NNS	Brisk footsteps were crunching towards me .
tr	NN	A foreign student of some sort , probably an Arab , sauntered down the aisle and into the rest room .
tr	NNS	The Grandview fans erupted !
tr	NN	Te ' ton sits in the middle of her parents at the head of the rectangular table as dictated by the royal custom .
tr	NN	Any louder and his head might explode .
tr	NN	The scenario was roughly the same , but Cole was with a different girl .
tr	NNS	The seas have mostly dried up .
tr	NNS	Though bundled deep in thick polar jackets , the winds immediately discovered every gap and loose fold .
tr	NNS	The blues continued to build and build , like another cliff was going to fall out from under us all .
tr	NNS	Others pulsed at varying rates of speed .
tr	NNS	There were two other newspapers in Phoenix , the Arizona Republic and the Phoenix Gazette .
tr	NN	Its tail was making little splashes in the water .
tr	NNS	Animals have returned to the clearing !
tr	NNS	" Our raw materials are much different from those found on your plane . "
tr	NNS	Others , well , to them it was a curse ; some were burnt as witches .
tr	NNS	The scenes I saw lasted long after I got up from my chair and tried to go on about my ordinary life .
tr	NNS	The countess looked sublimely pleased with herself .
tr	NNS	The leftovers from various meals , pushed aside for more books and papers .
tr	NNS	The creatures hunt small vermin out in the fields and he brings them in for shelter of an evening . "
tr	NNS	Lotte 's kisses had at first startled her , for affection had been forbidden in the convent .
tr	NNS	After we get our revenge on the gnomes , of course . "
tr	NNS	The terrible burns she 'd sustained trying to rescue them had destroyed too much of her face and hands .
tr	NNS	" With the foreign fleets afraid to come near , our seas once again teem with tuna and our people are no longer hungry . "
tr	NNS	His thumbs absently stroked her cheeks .
tr	NN	Would the murderer jump gleefully out of the car and do away with me in the silent woods ?
tr	NNS	The effects of the tobacco grew stronger and Dan 's head cleared .
tr	NN	" Stop it , " the special ed teacher said , her voice heavy with effort after running Margie down .
tr	NN	A warning growl rumbled in his chest and throat .
tr	NN	The priest nodded , not an ounce of surprise registering in his expression .
tr	NNS	And as the Porsche plowed viciously through the rushing youngsters , blood drinkers burst into flame everywhere .
tr	NNS	More intense suggestions followed as the months went on until finally the two were sneaking off with each other .
tr	NN	Her glamour changed almost without her realizing it .
tr	NNS	But the colours were easy to live with and an attractive combination .
tr	NNS	The worn red cedar plank floors were a welcome sight as I entered .
tr	NN	" Here , " he said , handing me one half of the shirt , " tie this ' round your mouth and nose . "
tr	NN	Overhead hung a grand chandelier , hundreds of dangling crystals shooting flashes of brilliant light in every direction .
tr	NN	The ranger rode hard into view along the main trail , pulling to a skidding stop at the fallen tree .
tr	NN	" There is no justification for it .
tr	NNS	" His diaries , you mean ?
tr	NNS	These clockwork creatures were as well . "
tr	NN	A third ghoul frees itself from the ground to stand before me .
tr	NN	A pit formed in my stomach .
tr	NNS	Things that had made Nicky fight his Rex over so little interaction with me .
tr	NNS	My footprints followed me the block and a half to the apartment .
tr	NNS	Below the axes were a row of hatchets with sharpened pristine blades .
tr	NNS	The ladies soon returned , and Cheyenne asked the same questions Reggie had .
tr	NNS	Flames licked the roof , eating toward the skylight from which Nance had fled .
tr	NNS	There were just faint whispers and rustling in the background .
tr	NN	When Kincaid let go , the shield he liked to call his own , poured over Amber and molded itself to her frame .
tr	NNS	Angelus smiled , dark and joyless .
tr	NN	There was a cough of static from the speakers on the stage before they died with loud pops .
tr	NN	The difficulty pointed up , disconcertingly , how hard it was going to be to get up to the cliff , much less fight the No .
tr	NN	The lord did not seem as pleased as he should have been .
tr	NN	The race started and he drove like a man possessed .
tr	NN	The unicorn then walked by the boy and out of the bushes came more strange creatures , all of which were following the unicorn .
tr	NNS	Reyes squeezed all the harder .
tr	NNS	" The differences , " he said .
tr	NNS	Any ... creatures that ambushed the Horde did so at the end of their lives .
tr	NNS	Then suddenly horns started to resound .
tr	NN	An inhuman growl that made me afraid I 'd lose control of my bladder .
tr	NN	" And art can be incredibly powerful .
tr	NNS	Those two losers downstairs were still sleeping , so I got us a little something .
tr	NN	The puffing up worked for a moment before her shoulders sagged .
tr	NN	Their anonymity was the only protection she would be able to give them , that and training .
tr	NNS	Some crew members hushed me , but I couldn 't contain myself .
tr	NN	I 'm pale and shaky , my mascara smudged .
tr	NN	This script has that , but in such a messy way , there 's no real reason to care what happens . "
tr	NN	A polite cough drew Annie out of her thoughts .
tr	NN	Only apparently the true hunt was just beginning .
tr	NN	This career was all she had .
tr	NNS	The song changes , then changes again .
tr	NNS	Others see it as a light harmless comedy .
tr	NNS	Those vamps won 't see a thing . "
tr	NNS	Just then the sirens blared through the Sullivan Winery gates .
tr	NNS	" Things don 't have to be real to be real .
tr	NNS	The roses ' petals were limp and brown .
tr	NNS	The desserts were only sorbets , harmless little dishes .
tr	NN	The pattern was becoming looser .
tr	NN	The colonel stepped up to the smaller man , Bronn 's large finger directly under Hulsey 's thin nose .
tr	NN	From his forehead curled two smal elegant horns .
tr	NNS	There was no social media ; computers were still in their infancy .
tr	NN	" What is the chief physician 's prognosis ? "
tr	NNS	Others , it did not .
tr	NNS	The cards flew over my head , and Boston caught them with a Willie Mays basket catch .
tr	NN	The founder , Woolsey Scott , was a wealthy werewolf of London and began the Praetor in response to his brother 's dying wishes .
tr	NNS	After a second , the images slowed down enough for me to make some sense of them .
tr	NNS	However , if it means keeping the peace , his insults , which no one else will hear , mean nothing to me . "
tr	NN	" That bastard , Jed Steadman , lied about having destroyed them without looking at them .
tr	NN	Any idiot can learn to swing a sword .
tr	NN	" What can a bard do ? "
tr	NN	" There 's no limit to what I wouldn 't do for you .
tr	NNS	The warriors spoke among themselves , obviously discussing what to do with him .
tr	NNS	From here on in , my characters must care about each other and show it !
tr	NNS	" Just how many races have been coming here ? "
tr	NN	The progression was uniform - planned even .
tr	NNS	Survival instincts that slumbered before came alive and screamed at him .
tr	NN	Still , envy twisted his heart , and so far both ale and whiskey had failed to wash it away .
tr	NN	The only illumination in the hospital room came from the shaft of moonlight coming through the window .
tr	NN	A tail does not mean very much to a two-legged animal , but it is distinctly necessary for a four-legged one .
tr	NNS	Things had gone differently .
tr	NN	An angry father 's revenge from the other side of the grave , " suggested Bill .
tr	NNS	" My lotus bowl ! "
tr	NN	Bit by bit I burrow my way out .
tr	NN	Part of me had wondered if he 'd quit and gone home .
tr	NNS	There were nineteen seats in a semicircle facing a seat on a raised platform .
tr	NN	My precious Vivienne is alive .
tr	NN	Lights sparkle around windows and everything seems to shine cheerfully .
tr	NN	" In case you hadn 't noticed , there 's a romance brewing between Val and Dr. Winston . "
tr	NN	My team leader probably figured that we weren 't going to stop pestering him .
tr	NNS	All werewolves have sharper senses than humans .
tr	NN	As her parents head to the kitchen , the pretty blonde retrieves a package from behind the couch .
tr	NN	" That selfish bitch tried to kill us all .
tr	NNS	Her external changes hadn 't bothered him in 20 years .
tr	NNS	The growls and snarls were like applause .
tr	NN	" Not a challenge , so get that note of anticipation out of your voice .
tr	NNS	Trust yourselves , trust each other , and trust love .
tr	NNS	Your chances of survival are slim , even if you weren 't suffering from a stab wound to your abdomen . "
tr	NN	But the airport still sat amid large tracts of farmland .
tr	NN	At the end the priest sighed .
tr	NN	Death and hallucination would be impossible to test , so he quickly dismissed those two options .
tr	NNS	Rain forest creatures were complicated .
tr	NNS	Hands clenched around my ankles , the third whining , " I swear it was the right . "
tr	NN	The former Ultra Team leader stood there for a moment , silently debating whether to climb it .
tr	NNS	Things went together smooth .
tr	NNS	" In matching their gifts , the Peoria leaders gave three in return .
tr	NNS	" There are some pretty decent hotels in the next town over . "
tr	NN	Ice 's pulse regulated and his racing mind slowed to allow him to focus and reason .
tr	NNS	Things she shouldn 't have known .
tr	NN	However the majority of humans , when in the presence of another of their species , feel the urge to speak almost constantly .
tr	NNS	Others adorned their horses with feathers .
tr	NNS	The whispered rumours said it was magically distilled and was the reason those from the Manor lived longer than anyone else on the island .
tr	NNS	Of course visitors are welcome , though I don 't believe we 've ever had any before . "
tr	NNS	There were two more shots and a loud scream of pain .
tr	NN	A low growl emanated from inside him .
tr	NNS	Many banks in Switzerland have over one-hundred percent of their assets backed by gold .
tr	NN	The vast majority of the doctors said that they would absolutely do so .
tr	NNS	The bed had a real bed frame , not the closed sided , metal or wood box frame , hotels sometimes use .
tr	NNS	My footsteps echoed in the enclosed space , but I slowed down the last twenty yards .
tr	NNS	There are thousands that are coming forward with their new found abilities .
tr	NN	Only an observation , not a criticism , and he was glad it came out that way .
tr	NN	The first page seemed to be an itemized list of expenses .
tr	NN	Lightning seemed to strike behind his eyelids , lashed through his blood .
tr	NN	Love had no temperature .
tr	NNS	An additional six to eight inches of accumulation is possible by Monday morning . "
tr	NNS	" Big weddings cost a lot of money . "
tr	NN	The idiot had the disposal man for Banks ' body with him in the march . "
tr	NNS	My creative skills weren 't helping at all right now , and I didn 't want to let my mind fall into a state of absurdity .
tr	NN	For humanity , wisdom is not yet a finality ; probably it can never be .
tr	NN	Love raised an eyebrow but said nothing .
tr	NN	Although it was a very deep black -- seeming almost nonexistent -- the Dark was not a static thing at all .
tr	NNS	Half an hour later , the winds did in fact change to their customary eastward sweep , and they found themselves with the advantage .
tr	NNS	Most respectable shrinks would take one look at you and conclude that you 're crazy . "
tr	NN	Ever since the committee refused my appeal ... when I realized that nobody would ever believe in me again .
tr	NN	Love held his gun aloft and pushed his way past the bodies .
tr	NNS	Reyes took hold of her arm .
tr	NN	Love was really a happy thing but he made that a sad one .
tr	NN	The infantry commander paused .
tr	NN	The salmon really ARE four feet long !
tr	NN	A hard grunt escapes me as I pierce the rod through her rotted flesh .
tr	NNS	Anxious world-wide buyers were bidding on the same doll .
tr	NNS	Despite what I thought were measured movements , the cards spilled off the makeshift table and onto the floor .
tr	NNS	Some pirates even docked their ships on the east coast of Apathy .
tr	NN	A small giggle only made me smile bigger .
tr	NN	Love lifted one leg to rest on the bottom rung of the stool .
tr	NN	Even the art of ancient Egypt is preferable to this stuff .
tr	NNS	Only a few paintings decorated the walls , most of them mountainous landscapes , once again giving everything a rustic Western vibe .
tr	NNS	" Her Highness does not exaggerate .
tr	NNS	The countess of Chester quite obviously is not dead and while she lives I can 't remarry .
tr	NN	The release made her lightheaded .
tr	NNS	" And it 's only the start , " Bugs laughed .
tr	NN	At that point , a valet opened the door on my side , and I slipped out of the car .
tr	NN	In the center of the room was a large tank full of a mass of what appeared to be jelly .
tr	NN	But then , the captain was doing the exact same thing .
tr	NNS	Strangers in black suits and sunglasses emerged from the cars , one after another .
tr	NNS	Then , without warning , the locks clicked .
tr	NNS	But faith-filled confessions could take time , and if a man lacked patience , he could ruin everything .
tr	NNS	But politeness and good manners had never been high on my list of priorities .
tr	NN	My suitcase is in the closet .
tr	NN	The bald slave had been a jerk , but Jace had laid into him too much .
tr	NNS	Her movements ceased , and it was the closest he 'd ever come to whimpering like a little girl .
tr	NN	Every nerve in me was shouting that this woman was trouble and that she did not belong at the club .
tr	NNS	The chains stretched my arms out making the soreness in them double time .
tr	NN	My grandma knows the place very well .
tr	NN	But the beckoning call of the dark .
tr	NN	The scientist 's science had worked once again , withstanding the degradation of time .
tr	NNS	Images of the raid in my head were disturbing , but to witness it would be saddening .
tr	NN	Her lungs strained now , the dank stench of excess carbon dioxide acrid in her nostrils .
tr	NNS	Two blue figures moved toward us as we walked onto the deck .
tr	NN	" I 'm glad you put it up , " says one student .
tr	NNS	The bell above the door jingles as a guy walks in , his overalls clotted with plaster and paint .
tr	NNS	But the chains had grown very quiet on Reyes 's neck .
tr	NNS	But top hats , purses and papers all spilled into the void below .
tr	NN	Thinking of Paul with Julie was not easy , however .
tr	NN	The maid laughed , and Susan was hurt .
tr	NN	Her suffering appeals to your innate humanity , and especially so with her being the woman you 've been searching for so long .
tr	NNS	The drops kept coming .
tr	NNS	Words came out in Spanish , the language of his heart .
tr	NNS	' But locks don 't generally alter 'em selves while you 're working on 'em , that 's what I 'm saying . '
tr	NN	A bullet grazed his shoulder .
tr	NNS	Then the members usually sit on mats and during rainy seasons when the floors are wet , they were made to stand .
tr	NN	" That pencil just cut your assault short , Couch .
tr	NN	That one sentence seemed to suck all the oxygen from the area .
tr	NN	The whistle became stronger .
tr	NNS	There weren 't any beggars near the north corner of the intersection .
tr	NNS	Lights in the Night Page 224 31 .
tr	NNS	Screams peeled from the sanctuary .
tr	NNS	You and Marius , what chess players you are ; your ideas are nothing but chess pieces .
tr	NNS	Your qualities are multiplying . "
tr	NNS	Since then more disappointing letters had poured in .
tr	NNS	Their movements were still clumsy .
tr	NN	Sure enough the other rider was Drake .
tr	NN	the captain asked , jangling Celaena 's chain for Dorian to notice .
tr	NNS	To him , the back-room meetings represented the game of politics , the fun of it , the juice of it .
tr	NNS	Things were also good for Elise and me .
tr	NN	The left winch burst into flames , followed by the right .
tr	NNS	No shots had come from this location .
tr	NNS	The strange items on Charming 's workbench in the garage made more sense and the item Earl had taken to Dante .
tr	NN	A mountain of emeralds hung around her neck and wrists , and even more dripped from her ears .
tr	NNS	Several ancestors clustered around it .
tr	NNS	The ages of man A babe has no fear an innocent self .
tr	NN	The gas I ran on was determination to find Jamie , and now that she was safe I was ready to collapse .
tr	NN	His secretary told me he was with a client and would call me back around noon .
tr	NN	he asked , innocence painted on every word .
tr	NNS	Waves rocked beneath them as the rest of their clothes found their way down , off , into the air .
tr	NN	How has event managing been ? "
tr	NN	Her flashlight swept over a cotton baler , a wagon , a tractor and some tractor wheels piled next to a relatively new shed .
tr	NN	" Beg to report sir , " the corporal said , staring straight ahead .
tr	NN	" Your education was superior to anything they can offer . "
tr	NNS	The sudden fullness was overwhelming , as it always was .
tr	NN	" How 's our passenger doing ? "
tr	NN	The silent throbbing of that thing inside my rib cage was what I heard .
tr	NNS	As yet there were still no signs of any addition to their family except for a very bad - tempered canary rejoicing in the name Pretty Boy .
tr	NNS	Everyone backstage knows that you 're the real deal .
tr	NN	My quota was still fifty , and I was certain I had at least ten pounds in my sack .
tr	NN	The blast zone was still visible behind her .
tr	NN	" Ok , we 'll pretend it doesn 't exist , for a while longer . "
tr	NNS	Flames crackled around me , snapping and stinking of burning flesh and scorched dirt .
tr	NN	Her interruption was actually welcome until she added , " You have your belt test today , remember . "
tr	NNS	The mattress dipped next to her , and he pulled her back into his arms .
tr	NN	the captain asked incredulously .
tr	NNS	Words of acceptance uttered in a tone that was anything but .
tr	NNS	The textbooks and simulations hadn 't come close to re-creating the sensation that emanated from the rock .
tr	NN	After a time a strange cottage came into view , obnoxiously painted in many bright shades , with no length of trim or windowsill matched in color .
tr	NN	In seconds , a white werewolf stood beside the only unicorn shapeshifter on Earth .
tr	NN	The popular senator gets to the podium and bumps the alien .
tr	NNS	Somewhere , more oxygen cylinders must have exploded or been ruptured .
tr	NN	The beautiful brunette could have said , Please , unfasten me , for all the invitation in her eyes .
tr	NN	" First the senator , and now the bastard Ethan ? "
tr	NN	" What time are the doors unlocked ? "
tr	NNS	The wolves jumped but not before the biggest wolf , who stayed by Chase 's side , let out an excruciating howl into the night .
tr	NN	And the master of the gods of Saran and Olympus had sent him on this mission .
tr	NN	His right boot touched , then submerged .
tr	NN	The stool wobbles a bit then vanishes , leaving them standing in white space .
tr	NNS	Many cats and animals have to be micro chipped by law .
tr	NN	How can the resort afford for so many of your family members to take up guest quarters ? "
tr	NNS	Within seconds , all four members of the party were standing side by side in front of the temple .
tr	NN	The compartment forced him into hot contact with Paige from his shoulders to his knees .
tr	NNS	Our wolves are smaller .
tr	NNS	Thirty pairs of eyes turned to stare in my direction , after my twin brother embarrassingly called my name .
tr	NN	And my sin has done this , my sin has unleashed this thing , as if from the heart and mind of Mona herself , he thought .
tr	NNS	" Honored visitors , " The Shrine announces grandly .
tr	NNS	Yet the scholars depended increasingly on noble patrons , seeking immortality through learning .
tr	NN	As soon as it went out the dragon started snoring , and I looked at it .
tr	NN	The captain stared down at the dead beneath their dark , shifting blanket of hungry crows .
tr	NNS	A number of feminine figures had no hair , some male figures had hair to the waist .
tr	NNS	And there were other signs to watch for : what the birds or fish were doing , and how they were behaving .
tr	NNS	Summer temperatures mixed with body heat .
tr	NN	The command was sharp .
tr	NN	" A great War of the Heavens looms .
tr	NNS	The dark figures began to circle the table , moving slowly , singing .
tr	NNS	Rawlings had the power to destroy her with one word .
tr	NNS	Only Americans and people who didn 't care about coffee went there .
tr	NN	An elaborately dressed bellman glides forward and gathers their bags .
tr	NN	The software on these systems included great backtracking capability and had helped the department crack several cases .
tr	NN	Your pendant contains Zeus ' own fate , which in turn affects that of the entire world .
tr	NNS	Girls shot him appreciative glances as he passed , but he gave each of them shy shrugs and continued on .
tr	NNS	Images of blood flashed into my mind .
tr	NN	His belly looked like a balloon and to my amazement he could stand .
tr	NNS	Various pointy hats appeared like drowned logs in a drying lake .
tr	NNS	Real warriors would never worry so much over a prisoner and in fact , would probably punish the captive for uttering a noise .
tr	NN	As if by force my eyes looked back on her , my spine rigid at the sound of her guttural moans .
tr	NN	The rope suddenly tightened , and she continued to lean back , steadily increasing the pressure .
tr	NNS	Only a few wolves remained .
tr	NNS	The edges of his vision were graying and his hope fading as he reached out to his brother through their twin bond and begged for energy .
tr	NNS	Their pursuers gained on them as they ran toward the forest ahead .
tr	NNS	Our prayers are with you and your friends .
tr	NN	The author may enforce copyrights to the fullest extent .
tr	NNS	The black uniforms had parted .
tr	NNS	There were also several letters inside the envelope , each one labeled with a different name .
tr	NN	Our justice of the peace serves as coroner around here . "
tr	NN	Something tickles the back of his throat , its iron taste filling his mouth .
tr	NNS	Then other images covered those , my memories of Vlad , so different in comparison .
tr	NN	When she thought she was as full as possible , a delicious-looking slice of key lime pie arrived .
tr	NNS	" Two inches to the right , and this thing would have had my throat . "
tr	NN	The sheriff looked at it , then back at her , then at Shane .
tr	NN	The junction between her legs throbbed and was drenched with heat .
tr	NNS	Dogs barked , wolves howled and the birds shrieked and darted about in fright .
tr	NN	The bullet was silver .
tr	NNS	Where mothers and fathers loved their children .
tr	NNS	A few whispers start up , and I know they 're wondering why I 'm sitting with the outsider in the room .
tr	NNS	Twin violet suns turned on him : Elena 's eyes .
tr	NNS	These creatures were tough and resilient ; the legends about them all seemed true now .
tr	NNS	Those additional jumps would bring Ryan to his twelfth trip , and he would be done as far as his time setter job .
tr	NN	My nipple is already tight and hard and so very sensitive , and he drags his teeth over it .
tr	NNS	Her pupils flared , and she bit down on her lower lip again .
tr	NNS	His stumpy digits glittered with gold and jewels .
tr	NN	The division is stronger than it has ever been .
tr	NNS	In the end , Tess 's instincts in that area had proven a lot better .
tr	NN	The exchange was not , perhaps , as the Carpathian mating ritual demanded , but their mental bond was strong , unbreakable .
tr	NNS	Thin strands of gray seaweed woven together and tied off with a series of tiny , brittle knots .
tr	NN	" You 've got to admit , this environment leaves a little something to be desired . "
tr	NN	What a horrible birthday this was turning out to be .
tr	NN	" A woman 's stylist always knows . "
tr	NN	As Dir spoke , crewmen on each of the half-dozen anchored ships ran to the crossbows mounted in their bows .
tr	NNS	Intimidating patrols of soldiers and giants prowled the streets .
tr	NNS	There were many claims on them .
tr	NN	" The sacrifice was necessary to save the unit . "
tr	NNS	" The currents can be unpredictable as we descend .
tr	NN	Its razor slit of a mouth opened , and it breathed : " I bring a warning , Ethan Chase . "
tr	NNS	Those winds had originated from me , and I would be surprised to discover that I am capable of inflicting evil on another . "
tr	NNS	' Terrible happenings , ' he said , ' terrible !
tr	NN	" I agree wholeheartedly , " the priest says .
tr	NN	There 's a curious glint in her eyes .
tr	NNS	There were thousands of messages .
tr	NNS	The other Jets brought it to him tonight .
tr	NN	Consumed by the darkness , Link doubles over and thrashes where he stands while the orb of shadow spinning around him expands .
tr	NN	Link mustered up the most pathetic expression he could manage .
tr	NN	" Hi there Mrs. Mudd , haven 't seen you or Mr. Mudd for a while , " the receptionist smiled at them from behind the counter .
tr	NNS	Alexis stopped and stared at the little girl who was watching them .
tr	NN	There 's no air conditioning inside the club and there are way too many people in the compacted area .
tr	NN	Here the smells are worse .
tr	NNS	Werewolves and vampires didn 't parley unless brought together by a larger outside force , like the Clave .
tr	NNS	There are certainly signs to indicate the beginnings of it . "
tr	NN	Every nerve in his body jolted .
tr	NN	There , a second reef starting from the beach created a large lagoon .
tr	NN	Her crown flew from her hair and she did not pause to retrieve it .
tr	NNS	The footsteps grew louder .
tr	NNS	Others sing in the words of poets .
tr	NN	Lust was rushing through her own body .
tr	NNS	The documents are ready to be signed . "
tr	NNS	She just knew that she had to obey them otherwise something dreadful would happen .
tr	NN	' Shut up , uncle , ' she snapped at him .
tr	NN	A legend leftover from times long past .
tr	NNS	One stack outlines Elliott 's plan .
tr	NN	His writing took up a great deal of his waking hours .
tr	NNS	And judging by loud sounds of drunken hilarity coming through a wall , the dwarves were drinking malt whiskey and playing another session of Stuff It !
tr	NNS	The passengers seemed thrilled to catch sight of the Comet and rushed to wave .
tr	NNS	The drugs are starting to kick in .
tr	NNS	Reyes arched a brow , mimicking Lucien 's earlier expression .
tr	NN	" You are an idealist and a regrettably naive fool , " the baron lashed back .
tr	NNS	Still , Mason 's instincts had warned him there was something not right about her , and now it hit him .
tr	NN	On and on the writing went , seemingly without end .
tr	NNS	But estates are expensive to maintain .
tr	NNS	' Yeah , all those squirrels back home .
tr	NNS	What did these creatures think was beneath the dirty tarp on the wagon ?
tr	NN	However , the bra was now on the floor in the bathroom where Tiny was showering .
tr	NN	The photograph was of her .
tr	NNS	The tightness in her throat made that crystal clear .
tr	NN	A 20 % tax remitted monthly to a PO box in Nevada .
tr	NN	Amanda 's tense posture had also eased .
tr	NN	There was a familiar accent on certain syllables .
tr	NNS	Her grandparents didn 't have a cell phone , so she tried her parents and reached their voicemail .
tr	NNS	Things grew more complicated when the swarm split into three and came after each of us .
tr	NNS	The darn creatures are extinct ... she thought .
tr	NNS	" Things didn 't get out of hand , did they ? "
tr	NN	A deafening crash outside the front door was like ice-cold water tossed over an open flame .
tr	NNS	Words didn 't seem like enough , but she forced them out , meaning them .
tr	NN	Part of that payback had been helping Rose escape .
tr	NNS	The hills were perpendicular to the way they were traveling .
tr	NN	The political organization would take a heavy blow , but it was critical that the nationalists not be destroyed .
tr	NN	The star chandelier is reflecting in the wall of windows .
tr	NN	A few times Aidan was sure he 'd heard snoring .
tr	NNS	There was too many witnesses .
tr	NN	Maybe the colonel had shared some of her theories and observations with him .
tr	NN	There was a chuckle though the audience .
tr	NNS	What would the other board members think if you chased me away ? "
tr	NN	Part of the problem was the length of time they 'd been apart .
tr	NN	" My work schedule is more flexible than yours .
tr	NN	The trestle table was overturned , scientific equipment lay scattered about .
tr	NN	, and the thug hung his head briefly in acknowledgment .
tr	NN	She her best girly smile and watched the cold look evaporate from Dante 's face .
tr	NN	Along the shoreline were cracked and broken chunks of cement .
tr	NNS	Enough playing around , enough exchanging glances and gentle , platonic hugs and hand squeezes .
tr	NN	Anyway , Daniel 's welfare is the most important thing on my mind at present .
tr	NN	The beating lasted seconds though for Riley and Tammy , time had stopped dead making it feel like hours .
tr	NN	This little exchange perked me up .
tr	NNS	Crunching over the broken shards the members swarmed into the Coral Hall .
tr	NN	" Sam Russo please , " came a crisp greeting .
tr	NN	His personal popularity must have been very low both at school and at home .
tr	NN	" Let us help you clean up , my lord , " the other maid said .
tr	NNS	I scanned the rows of leather books lined up neatly on the shelves , the spines inscribed with symbols and languages I didn 't recognize .
tr	NN	Work in the cold , eat hot meals for lunch .
tr	NNS	Soldiers were everywhere in what appeared to be a huge cave , and none of them looked friendly .
tr	NN	" But long term , it could save millions of dollars . "
tr	NN	Part of me wants to explain how Olivia found me , tell her about my other family .
tr	NN	A moment later , Love pulled up outside Stuart 's house .
tr	NN	Chance was still meditating , or whatever he 'd been working on the day before .
tr	NNS	If they 're smart , disciplined , and patient , the chances of them getting caught are slim . "
tr	NN	But the angel drifted between them , and that seemed to take all the starch out of both of them .
tr	NNS	" Things haven 't worked out that well for me so far . "
tr	NN	As she studied the wound on her cheekbone , Joshua 's reflection appeared behind hers .
tr	NN	A porter knocked on their door .
tr	NN	Even the mayor had phoned .
tr	NNS	The metals of our swords silently struck each other with mighty force and the battle began .
tr	NN	The lamp went back on , revealing it was in Stefan 's hands .
tr	NN	Soon enough the government would have him wading hip deep in assistants .
tr	NN	" That bitch of a useless mother tried to take you from me .
tr	NN	A sickly odour grabbed her in the back of the throat as she disturbed the fibres .
tr	NNS	That night the Southern Lights , similar to the Northern variety , confirmed for Desmond that they had to act fast .
tr	NNS	Her movements were almost tentative , though filled with all this cautious purpose as she edged in my direction .
tr	NNS	The leftovers from her marriage were all here .
tr	NN	A dull pulse of blood oozed sluggishly from the wound in her leg : the blood looked tinted black .
tr	NNS	" Things went wrong .
tr	NNS	Our puffy bellies bumped into each other , knocking off even more glitter .
tr	NNS	" Can the siblings at least sit in the back together ?
tr	NNS	" Things were coming apart .
tr	NNS	The governor 's public motives are to free his homeworld from its subjugation to the Unified Worlds . "
tr	NN	She 'd believed him , believed she was doing Bob a favor while fulfilling her father 's dream .
tr	NN	Part of me has always wondered if maybe she just doesn 't want to see it .
tr	NN	That single momentary lapse in eye contact was all that it took to launch Jake into a full-on frontal attack .
tr	NN	When he looked down , the firelight illuminated them so that they gleamed golden against his skin .
tr	NN	" The ritual quickly got out of hand .
tr	NN	There was a small puff of flame and red embers fell from the brown stub .
tr	NNS	Good old Edmond , dead on Pandora with the fourth settlement attempt .
tr	NN	The golem released his grip .
tr	NN	A glint in his eye told me we 'd talk about it later , and I gave a quick nod of understanding .
tr	NNS	Others in the house were still sleeping .
tr	NNS	Despite the length and emptiness of the hallway , our footsteps don 't echo much .
tr	NN	The envoy gets to his feet , setting a rolled paper on the table .
tr	NN	Every inch of her displayed her role within the club .
tr	NNS	Officials evacuated the township of Picton and surrounding areas with no reports yet of deaths resulting from the tsunami .
tr	NN	" Tough viewing , " says a man clutching a hand gun in his right hand in the abandoned classroom .
tr	NNS	Taylor 's movements would have looked easy and effortless to a casual bystander and only his intense focus betrayed the delicate nature of his task .
tr	NN	His accent was French , cultivated , with just a touch of a Provencal lilt , placing his origins somewhere in the south of France .
tr	NNS	Kayla whispered , their differences set aside for the moment .
tr	NNS	There are mines all through this area .
tr	NNS	Diggs looked uncomfortable at that .
tr	NNS	The hallways leading off the intake room bifurcated into two separate areas .
tr	NN	" The creation of a priest is a singular thing .
tr	NNS	Unlike the Blues Train rehearsals , Steal Guitars rehearsals didn 't have much of a social aspect to them .
tr	NNS	The warriors would not become ill themselves if they touched him , but they would spread the disease to humans .
tr	NN	The cottage was far from vacant , despite its outward appearance .
tr	NNS	Maybe nuns had the right idea .
tr	NNS	The drops merged into streams of water that washed over her skin and fell to the ground .
tr	NN	A complicated pale mass of curls sat atop her head , giving the illusion of a greater age than her twenty-something looks .
tr	NN	Another development took place .
tr	NN	Terror spreads through the vast crowds .
tr	NNS	Erebus laughed softly as he petted the pup .
tr	NNS	The council members had dehumanized the entire process .
tr	NN	Although its announcement is not so welcome .
tr	NN	But that lapse was short-lived .
tr	NN	The pen slipped from her fingers .
tr	NNS	Hot drinks were first on the agenda .
tr	NN	His perception of the world filtered through the lens of those who surrounded him .
tr	NN	And our partner , Ava , is new .
tr	NNS	The hot fumes from the exhaust pipe met the cold air and instantly turned into a white cloud .
tr	NNS	The drones were the third prong of the attack .
tr	NNS	The roads should open up for regular traffic by supper tomorrow . "
tr	NNS	The nurses came in and out of her room , trying to force her to drink something .
tr	NNS	Chills spread down my legs and heat pools in my core .
tr	NN	There was a dent in one side , a bit of dirt on the other , but when I started the engine , it worked .
tr	NNS	The sun inches toward the horizon as we walk .
tr	NN	Lucia 's body language hadn 't altered at all - still languid and relaxed .
tr	NN	" The police captain from Lakeview came down himself , brought the hair to Cronin 's barber and he says it 's a woman 's hair .
tr	NN	But in the end , her sacrifice amounted to nothing .
tr	NN	An angel with chipped wings stretched two broken arms toward me .
tr	NNS	Flames began to flicker above her palms .
tr	NNS	Slowly , his faculties were returning .
tr	NNS	The big industrial fans created a cooling breeze .
tr	NNS	Reyes held his ground .
tr	NN	My gut instinct was telling me to run and never to step into that room .
tr	NNS	The pupils of Kat 's eyes started to dilate .
tr	NN	The Death of Gypsy The ice pick with which Shaman attacked me was no less lethal for being non-physical .
tr	NN	A large troll watchman walked in and grabbed me by the arm . '
tr	NNS	Things in public places that lots of people used or that had a simple , specific function .
tr	NNS	Images of her dreams haunted her .
tr	NN	The creature had tried its best to reach the mountains but the heat and lack of food and water , took its toll .
tr	NNS	" Sometimes bloodlines grow weaker and weaker with each passing generation , and what began as genius slides down toward idiocy eventually . "
tr	NN	" My lamb 's going to be dried out .
tr	NNS	" There were nine members of the guard that were permanent , the last time we heard .
tr	NNS	Other than her and Leo , there were six other recruits in the vehicle .
tr	NNS	What if the other teachers see her ?
tr	NN	Frowning , Eve absorbed his words , then nodded her acceptance .
tr	NNS	The pillows bore her lavender scent , but Eleanor had gone .
tr	NNS	" What are the chances of this causing trouble ? "
tr	NNS	Others coughed and gasped .
tr	NN	His old master really had betrayed him .
tr	NN	Anyway , the drill fit in the airlock easily .
tr	NN	The language of the threat suggests that whatever plans had been made for Merit - death or otherwise - they 'd been unable to follow through .
tr	NN	Her intent jolted him with a blast of heat that nearly fried his brain .
tr	NNS	Alexis never saw him so upset and so aggravated .
tr	NNS	After days of running around , the soft , comfortable seats sucked us both back into their warm folding arms .
tr	NNS	The withdrawal effects were almost unbearable .
tr	NNS	> The howl from the back of the bookstore produced the expected female squeals and more manly grunts of surprise .
tr	NN	The scar on his cheek was a vivid white .
tr	NNS	Jagged peaks and humble patches on the ground were all that stood as remnants from that apparently distant time .
tr	NN	" It 's a commentary on the fact that you agreed to take this crappy industrial espionage case , not me , " Jazz replied .
tr	NN	It hurt to talk , made the pounding in my head more intense .
tr	NNS	Monster Maya smiles for the first time .
tr	NN	The camp leader had personal y cleaned Kylie 's room to remove the stench of the animal .
tr	NN	The starburst reflection kept swiping into his eyes .
tr	NN	Even the roar of the ocean stopped .
tr	NN	Before their pursuers drew abreast of their hiding place , the sergeant tugged the priest deeper into the gloom .
tr	NNS	Images of a family flashed across his eyes , and a wife whom he loved very dearly .
tr	NN	My laptop goes under my arm and my coffee mug in my opposite hand .
tr	NNS	But there are too many witnesses , and surprisingly even in all this fury , I can see the upside to not being locked in jail .
tr	NNS	Myles glanced longingly at his coffee cup .
tr	NNS	Only faint lighter squares of paint on the wall showed where her mother 's paintings had hung .
tr	NNS	The hotels were so bizarre and so dazzling that it took Hannah 's breath away .
tr	NN	The rear port was still unlocked .
tr	NNS	Bugs questioned with annoyance .
tr	NNS	There were two sharp jolts followed by a rapid deceleration is the plane settled into the water .
tr	NNS	Gentry magical skills ranged greatly .
tr	NN	Love should bring joy , it should grant a person peace , but here and now , it was bringing only pain .
tr	NN	Male appreciation flickered in his gaze before he pushed himself away from the wall .
tr	NN	I may need to see you again , is that ok ? "
tr	NNS	The dancers halted , no more out of breath than if they 'd sat for the last five minutes .
tr	NN	The lightning was coming from her .
tr	NNS	Classes are a pain in the ass .
tr	NN	Every time Aidan breathed he was taken aback by the combination of sweetness and sugar molecules that graced his tongue .
tr	NN	My grandmother had never even hinted at having this advancement .
tr	NN	There 's a cool science museum I 'd like to see . "
tr	NN	The dog 's tail whipped wildly back and forth .
tr	NNS	In hindsight and in the profession I was supposed to be planning to go into , a few self-defense classes might have been a good idea .
tr	NN	The page stopped there .
tr	NN	The river Styx had reappeared , its murky waters flowing swiftly , but it wasn 't the river he was staring at .
tr	NNS	" The changes will only enhance the style .
tr	NN	There was no chaos , no antibodies rushing to thwart the process at all .
tr	NN	" The captain and I need your help to take down the Black Widow . "
tr	NNS	What resources remain in the flow of manufacture and consumption , of dispersal and reclamation ?
tr	NNS	Rather , the areas over which they cast their luminance shrank as the borders became more distinct and sharp .
tr	NN	" There 's a tie and a jacket , but I 'll put those on later . "
tr	NNS	These qualities , when brought together , can make you the most elite and powerful group , not only on campus , but throughout life .
tr	NN	The hound reacted , bracing himself for attack and opening his mouth wide in a loud bark .
tr	NN	Her doorknob clicked and her heart leapt into her throat .
tr	NN	Her breathless demand gave her away .
tr	NN	" Fortunately , the referee was there to prevent any accident . "
tr	NN	his pitch and tone was calm , filled with concern , not wanting to stir up anything he shouldn 't .
tr	NN	Why would the most valuable player quit ? "
tr	NNS	Lights glittered in the blackness as they 'd done every other night but tonight their magic failed to penetrate his bitter resentment .
tr	NNS	" Things are different this time . "
tr	NNS	Both ladies froze as their hearts stopped beating .
tr	NN	" The castle has tunnels under it .
tr	NN	The teacher from across the hall said Seth was enlisting .
tr	NNS	The air mattress moved and Walker grabbed my hand and stopped me , just shy of an orgasm .
tr	NN	" Well every real estate agent needs to get in , so they all know the combination . "
tr	NN	The beating was enough to kill her .
tr	NNS	Many cabinets and drawers are open , revealing that there 's nothing much inside .
tr	NNS	These cells convert sunlight directly into electricity .
tr	NNS	Things had a fuzzy appearance .
tr	NNS	But there were no organs in the mansion .
tr	NN	She quickly wiped a tear from her eyes , his declaration of love still ringing in her ears .
tr	NN	The van had parked in the pool of light between the barns .
tr	NNS	Chills ran down my spine .
tr	NNS	Wonder what crisis is boiling up now ?
tr	NNS	Crude stick figures gave way to more elaborate and detailed work , all holding a unique beauty and giving off a sense of timelessness .
tr	NNS	Early sessions at cinemas were also a diversion .
tr	NNS	Three elves , the man from before and two new men , walked in .
tr	NN	Frankly , sir , the dwarfs are mad with worry .
tr	NN	Her sob tore through him .
tr	NNS	Reyes drew in a deep breath , his rage dwindling as he grew increasingly aware of the slim female form pressing against his .
tr	NN	Her personality complemented her beauty .
tr	NNS	What are the chances of that ? "
tr	NNS	But the teachers I spoke with today all indicated that he never came to personal parties like the birthday party Diana threw for the kindergarten teacher .
tr	NN	The pavement cracked and rolled , knocking several of them off their feet .
tr	NN	At the last possible moment , Link whips his blade over his shoulder , opting for a backslash as opposed to the advertised strike .
tr	NNS	Things hadn 't had to end this way .
tr	NNS	His three companions started at his observation .
tr	NN	" The bloody bastard is planning on taking out half the world 's leaders today . "
tr	NN	The base commander looked dazed , momentarily stunned .
tr	NNS	The servants finally got the parasol up and held it over him .
tr	NNS	Their shouts echoed across the courtyard .
tr	NN	A rainbow of images floods my head , probably snippets of old movies I 've seen , all sappy and romantic and utterly impossible .
tr	NNS	Things looked cleaner , shinier , as Katie had said .
tr	NN	Today , however , was particularly warm , and he was sopping wet .
tr	NN	Even suffering , his craving for sex continued .
tr	NN	The enormous quantity of data stored in his memory resurfaced into his consciousness .
tr	NN	Her h * ps swung from side to side , and her tits moved with each beat .
tr	NNS	Long sandy shores , and forests hugged the coastline , with occasional rocky outcrops or small cliffs .
tr	NN	The pattern was normal for alpha rhythms slowing from sedation .
tr	NN	" No pun intended .
tr	NN	The pilot looked dead serious .
tr	NN	Were you a good MMA fighter , Jane 244 ? "
tr	NN	When the tinkling sound came again and he looked up , every nerve in his body fired at once .
tr	NNS	There are kisses that burn with lust and then there are others that are sweet .
tr	NN	Love rose deep within her and filled the emptiness that his departure had created .
tr	NN	" Almost midnight , " he replied , crossing out some wording he didn 't like on a contract .
tr	NNS	And the blood tests for all these patients were normal .
tr	NN	's bedroom is the first door on the right , " the priest said , nodding toward a hallway that opened off the living room .
tr	NNS	Witches didn 't need physical weapons .
tr	NN	The stake was the first weapon that he needed .
tr	NNS	Nicodemus smiled at her .
tr	NN	After what seemed like several hours of lying alone , the small creak of the door finally screamed against the silence .
tr	NN	With the credits over , the vortex faded to black .
tr	NN	The implication of that sent a shiver of pleasure up her spine .
tr	NN	The ones Kaylie had bought for her in an attempt to bring Danica over to the sexy side .
tr	NN	Despair rushed through me .
tr	NN	I Dream of Jeannie was ready to start creating its magic .
tr	NN	And then , pushing her way in between the plump calico and a grinning Clive , there was a third newcomer .
tr	NN	The gardener continued out of sight , ignoring Virgil .
tr	NN	A slice of the moon still hung overhead .
tr	NN	" No magical objects ? "
tr	NNS	The rusty metal cells suffer from thorough disrepair , but serve their purpose just the same .
tr	NNS	Enormous changes overtook the Island .
tr	NNS	Things between Sebastian and I had finally felt like they were making sense .
tr	NN	Claire 's spine straightened .
tr	NNS	Chills followed in their wake , an aching loss across my skin , torment I didn 't think I 'd survive .
tr	NN	The clothing was a joke and it was sad .
tr	NN	Promises aside , another factor remained that he had to consider .
tr	NN	The rogue stood up .
tr	NNS	The programs had many useful characteristics .
tr	NN	The hard shove from her hands sent me stumbling out of the closet and into the hallway .
tr	NN	The intruder nailed the lid shut .
tr	NN	Though he 'd wrung out as much as possible , his robe was still wet from the splattering drops .
tr	NNS	Kris threw his head back in laughter , " So easy ! "
tr	NN	" What is our status ? '
tr	NN	His castle was a penthouse apartment , set up on the hill overlooking Bondi Beach .
tr	NNS	Things have been crazy since Dr. Adler 's gone . "
tr	NNS	No sudden movements , understand ? "
tr	NNS	Thrown into a panic , the foes quickly realize they must retreat , their barrage unable to disable the boy even temporarily .
tr	NNS	Samuels ignored the older woman and continued unchecked down the corridor .
tr	NNS	His minions had not kept the ancient occupied .
tr	NNS	Then there was nice , sincere Conrad .
tr	NN	" The principal is going to let you rejoin the Safe and Sound club once you complete a six week session .
tr	NN	A tremor rippled through her .
tr	NNS	Thoughts like these made me very uneasy .
tr	NN	Warm liquid trickled down her side and onto the wooden floor .
tr	NNS	And no witnesses , so it 's their word against mine .
tr	NN	A chick asks you to put lotion on them at the beach in order to get attention .
tr	NNS	Luisa 's previous opponents didn 't made Luisa nervous , not even a little , but Lea was different .
tr	NNS	A few hours later , they had ventured back out on the balcony , the rags tossed aside .
tr	NN	" His condition is good , but the doctor wants to keep him overnight to make sure he doesn 't have a concussion .
tr	NN	His receptionist said he had no relatives called Clay James .
tr	NNS	Small drops of blood beaded up from the tiny holes .
tr	NN	Suck on it and the queasy feeling will settle . "
tr	NN	Part of the problem was that he did not know her maiden name .
tr	NN	Her arm was still bleeding , the bullet still lodged in the flesh .
tr	NN	" Love is control .
tr	NNS	Even the servants were asleep this late at night .
tr	NN	A tremor moved through her .
tr	NN	Who are these explorers ?
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared out and when they were filled he closed his eyes and held his breath .
tr	NN	His soft chuckle feathered down her spine , sending a rash of delightful sensations through her stiff body .
tr	NN	The plaintiff 's attorney stood .
tr	NNS	So many planets aligned would be a time for rituals and celebrations .
tr	NNS	Some members of the synod wanted me out .
tr	NNS	My sneakers slapped the brick walk as I followed the song , giving into its tug .
tr	NN	Still , neither option , police nor the madman , would end with promising results .
tr	NNS	The members of Wolf ate their meal in silence .
tr	NN	" How 's the resort coming along ? "
tr	NNS	There are no judgments .
tr	NNS	No screens for you young man . "
tr	NNS	There , on the ground , edges softened by the icy wind , were a few faint prints .
tr	NN	The warrior did not .
tr	NN	Let me get seated again , " the pilot said .
tr	NN	The patrons began to protest , panic building as they realized they were trapped .
tr	NNS	Reyes didn 't say anything , but the chain at her neck vibrated heavily .
tr	NNS	My spies report that the Ice Lord 's armies have reached the other side of the mountains .
tr	NN	When Kylie asked Holiday for an explanation of how evil spirits could hurt her , the camp leader hesitated .
tr	NNS	When it stopped , passengers emerged on either side .
tr	NN	The lamp went underwater and the candle went out .
tr	NN	The roar was deep and primal .
tr	NN	By the way , the organization I represent is the real reason Professor Cassell was allowed to keep this robot after the TEL Corporation was destroyed . "
tr	NN	The illumination from the city gave enough light for Madison to find her way around the kitchen without having to locate the light switches .
tr	NN	She 'd been alone for so long , her passion pent up beneath starched layers of linen and too many hairpins .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of standing on the airfield in Germany flashed through her mind , brash Tanner staggering off the airplane , fighting through the pain .
tr	NN	Even Ark IV , currently MIA , will be on display in the upcoming novel The Milk Run .
tr	NN	Then the genius here pushed me aside and tried to say we need to have a party after the quests . "
tr	NN	There was a bullet ( an actual bullet ) in my arm and I had lost a considerable amount of blood .
tr	NN	The pilot did a low fly-by , likely checking for animals on the runway , then swooped back and taxied to a stop .
tr	NN	A sentimental advertisement on television would do the trick .
tr	NNS	Soldiers rushed from the camp , leaving their fires and tents , brandishing swords wildly as they charged toward the ridge .
tr	NNS	There were other changes as well .
tr	NN	But suddenly the knight , the royal family member , stepped forward and put out his palm , blocking the guard .
tr	NNS	They hung inexplicably in the air , there were no strings that Sye could see holding them up .
tr	NNS	The snarling jaws opened .
tr	NN	We have no reason to suspect anyone inside -- there are no lights on and the mail is five days old , " an agent responded .
tr	NN	There was a dark gleam in his eyes .
tr	NNS	The sunglasses kept her from knowing what he was thinking .
tr	NNS	Its red depths looked as vast as an ocean .
tr	NNS	Images of Daren and Henry grabbing her tugged at her mind .
tr	NN	The clearing broke into chaos .
tr	NNS	The attendants murmured theatrically .
tr	NNS	The rats were coming .
tr	NNS	The servants made no move to impede their departure .
tr	NNS	" Closing deals comes easier for me than most people .
tr	NNS	The barks and branches scratched me in the process , and when I landed , it was in Ken 's arms .
tr	NN	The bitch gave you her blood !
tr	NNS	The tentacles caressed me reluctantly , like fingertips trailing down my arms .
tr	NN	Why did buying a new phone have to be this much drama ?
tr	NN	the police elf interrupted Clay .
tr	NN	The glide of their bodies against each other , the touch of his skilled fingers , built the intensity , narrowed the focus .
tr	NN	The sergeant whirled and a nervous look crossed his reddening face .
tr	NN	The moist slice from a Joshua tree earlier had left her feeling decidedly green .
tr	NN	A large black van was waiting outside the gate , and we climbed inside .
tr	NN	A panel flew open and banged against the edge of the wall , and she darted through into the circular stairwell beyond .
tr	NNS	The chants filter through the open windows at the end of final period , drifting on the warm breeze .
tr	NNS	Looks like you got the abnormal girlfriend who talks to little green men and sees invisible things . "
tr	NNS	There are several shouts of disapproval followed by laughs .
tr	NN	A scrawny tailor with a late customer paused to watch him by ; he held up the lamp in his window for a better look .
tr	NN	" The mayor has a black limo , the Chief of Police uses a dark green van , and you are definitely obsessed . "
tr	NNS	Her cleaning skills are wonderful , but her English isn 't .
tr	NNS	Excited murmurs followed him as he moved across the room and took the remaining seat .
tr	NNS	Soft shapeless sounds , and others more piercing .
tr	NNS	In fact , various ancient sources attribute between seventy and ninety plays to him .
tr	NNS	Below him , two figures slowly wove through the hedges .
tr	NNS	They were scrambling left and right to break camp , panicked expressions on their faces .
tr	NNS	Those scum rats deserved what they got .
tr	NN	My left hip leaned up against the bar while the heel of my right shoe rested on the crossbar of the stool .
tr	NN	" Some hot chick named Marcie told me .
tr	NN	" My ultimate goal has always been to be my own boss . "
tr	NNS	" When did the footsteps stop ? "
tr	NNS	Things were moving quickly away from her idealized adventure story .
tr	NNS	Neil swallowed , thankful his sunglasses hid his eyes .
tr	NNS	Swirling designs and short phrases in the ancient language depict a bustling empire of Undine life .
tr	NNS	New restrictions such as smaller catch limits and vast areas being made off-limits made these men 's already hardscrabble lives even harder .
tr	NNS	Lights swirled around me for just a moment before an intense , scorching heat slammed into my body .
tr	NNS	Which was totally lame ... " Oh , no worries , " Phoenix threw out immediately .
tr	NN	The bullet missed the RV , but it appeared that the RV wasn 't the assailant 's intentional target .
tr	NN	" There 's also the factor that she may not want to come back .
tr	NN	There was a muted chuckle from the crowd .
tr	NN	The rope would effectively end any chance of escape .
tr	NN	" You 're making me proud , angel face .
tr	NN	My schedule is open . "
tr	NN	Not one Aly had set , but one that my fingers would fall into .
tr	NNS	There are risks we take that aren 't just the risks you find in battle . "
tr	NN	The sash was stuck , nailed fast .
tr	NNS	The members around the ring started to question the same thing , wondering why did the coach took Lea to the storeroom .
tr	NNS	Screams erupted from the castle entrance .
tr	NN	The creep plugged his headset cord back into the control panel .
tr	NN	Isn 't that explanation enough ? "
tr	NN	At their bottom was a vast network of kitchens , used to cook for the royal family upstairs at formal events .
tr	NNS	Rawlings stood in front of her .
tr	NNS	His sobs were growing quieter now .
tr	NN	There 's a power cord to go with it as well , but I don 't know if it 'll be any good . "
tr	NNS	Her surroundings soon became a confused blur , except for the image of the servant girl who was clearly visible on the garden path .
tr	NN	A click sounded out and Griffin whipped his head at her .
tr	NNS	If they weren 't careful , those gusts would toss them over the side just like the main body of the plane .
tr	NN	Careful lettering on the plate glass window announced Mike 's Bar and Grill .
tr	NN	" There 's that platypus in the sky again , " said the gym teacher .
tr	NN	-- In 1950 , the Korean War broke out and that was a depressing time indeed , almost as depressing as the present .
tr	NNS	Both pairs are new .
tr	NN	The tube drifted downward slowly in the ship 's quarter gravity .
tr	NNS	Aurelius settled me onto a chair at a table .
tr	NN	Her accent had a tinge of a drawl , but that helped little in determining her place of origin .
tr	NNS	The media was shouting questions .
tr	NN	Her progress slowed as the increasing onslaught of obstacles forced her to skip backward or focus on lateral movements rather than advance .
tr	NN	The declaration took no one in the room by surprise .
tr	NNS	Evening runs are my favourite .
tr	NN	An owl hooted quietly from the rafters and I fought the urge to turn and run out .
tr	NN	' I know the one , ' Love said .
tr	NNS	The last strands of awareness abandoned him entirely over to sleep .
tr	NNS	All the signs had pointed to it .
tr	NN	but before my conscious mind could even process the information my subconscious interrupted and asked the question .
tr	NN	If she sat any straighter in that seat , her spine would snap .
tr	NN	Mage 's venom had worked .
tr	NN	Jazz saw it first .
tr	NNS	Things weren 't working out that way , and it was too late now to change that .
tr	NN	" And this discovery is what , precisely ? "
tr	NNS	My drum rolls have improved a lot though .
tr	NNS	" There 're some filing cabinets along that wall . "
tr	NN	" What 's the prognosis , doctor ? "
tr	NN	An altar of intimidating proportions loomed at one end , carved from gold with chisels of affection .
tr	NNS	Not exactly luxurious accommodations like you might expect . "
tr	NNS	There are possible signs of tampering with the safe .
tr	NNS	A few strands had escaped confinement , however , and were resting on his wide shoulders .
tr	NNS	Stephen is quiet , there is a shyness about his silence this morning , his flickering eyes .
tr	NN	There was injury in her tone .
tr	NN	" No sacrifice is too great for the ultimate cause of a lasting peace , " the leader of the conspirators reminded them .
tr	NNS	No sooner had they turned than the horrific shapes of five full-sized slugs barred the way .
tr	NN	Just a big dollar sign . "
tr	NN	There is a back staircase from my study up to the bedrooms .
tr	NN	For once the pirate lord wasn 't lounging about .
tr	NN	" The entry 's a hundred and eighty years old , my Lady . '
tr	NNS	The kisses moved across the very top of where the bra ended .
tr	NNS	Again , her passions for movies and music are as eclectic as her writing and reading .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids fluttered and then gradually opened .
tr	NNS	What other dangerous ideas have you adopted ? "
tr	NNS	Flames roared in front of him , a solid wall of fire blocking the entrance .
tr	NN	Even wet , the comforter felt so soft and nice to Budda that it seemed a shame to dump it .
tr	NNS	" Things will change from here out , and you 'll get the cure , just like you were told .
tr	NN	The sliver of light beneath the bathroom door went dark .
tr	NN	" Some crosses are in pencil but some are in pen .
tr	NNS	His eyelids fluttered open , a growl in his throat .
tr	NNS	There were a few bare spots , but nothing too noticeable .
tr	NN	History has shown us that religions come and go , but we still persist as if they are fundamental to our understanding .
tr	NNS	Even other factions of the Lore - like the nymphs , those little hookers - whispered about her unsavory predilection toward vampires .
tr	NNS	" So zombies are real ? "
tr	NNS	There are cameras around the perimeter of the property , as well as an alarm system , though . "
tr	NN	The core finally merged with Jin .
tr	NNS	Even small bows had a greater range than mages did .
tr	NNS	" There are millions of innocent people who have known no other place who would be affected .
tr	NN	The pattern of the tentacles changed .
tr	NNS	" There are several limits involved if you drag your body along .
tr	NNS	" From birth all creatures learn to perceive the world around them , be it through vision , sound , touch or any other sense .
tr	NN	In the blackness behind his eyes , some dark fin swished , and disappeared .
tr	NNS	What was more enticing than a prey that was clever enough to put up a struggle ?
tr	NNS	Barnabas clapped , " Ha , yes !
tr	NN	Like an audience at the Coliseum watching barbarity and only getting the odd whiff of torn elephant .
tr	NN	The dress I found was much simpler , a deep green sweater dress .
tr	NN	" Where 's your big-screen TV ? "
tr	NNS	My surroundings froze and disintegrated around me as a picture of SFC Pritchard flashed onto the screen .
tr	NNS	Where were the cookies ?
tr	NNS	Just a generic sports bra . "
tr	NN	Where was Baba , Mama and my siblings ' huts ?
tr	NNS	" There are five unresolved cases that match this one . "
tr	NNS	" Magic lovers undercover . "
tr	NNS	There are small diamond studs in her ears , a gift I 'd bought her when she retired .
tr	NN	The observation only served to irritate him more .
tr	NN	A quick workout before work would help get whatever was bothering him out .
tr	NNS	And what were the chances that money would be available for my withdrawal on Monday morning ?
tr	NNS	Things were going to be so different without her around .
tr	NN	My grandma can see that I can 't handle this .
tr	NN	My early arrival had ensured good placement fairly close to the altar , a fact that was soon important as the crowd grew in force .
tr	NNS	The commercial breaks were the worst part .
tr	NN	Part of me wants to turn back ; will it really be worth the feelings of pain and regret just for the sake of seeing something familiar ?
tr	NN	My master is leaving me for good .
tr	NNS	There 's something sincere in his tone and I wholeheartedly believe him .
tr	NN	My debt was high , I don 't deny it , but I was quite able to pay it . "
tr	NNS	Things were a bit different here on the Sound , where there weren 't quite as many recreational boaters .
tr	NNS	Others believed that all life deserved to live free among the humans .
tr	NNS	Other werewolves were there .
tr	NN	Another sob shook her .
tr	NN	Part of me was with my Deity in his temple in the heavens .
tr	NN	Sick electricity arced from her armpits , flooding her body .
tr	NNS	There are a few rubbish bins to the right of the doors .
tr	NNS	Reyes asked , surprisingly calm .
tr	NNS	Maybe the aliens ran over him with their spaceship .
tr	NNS	Wings burst from her arms as she took the form of an eagle in flight , sent herself swooping up and sideways and then spun left .
tr	NNS	There were rough calluses on his palm .
tr	NNS	Myles got to his feet .
tr	NNS	More Vargas sensibility , but entirely forgivable .
tr	NNS	In India , posters of lost children are a common sight in every police station , bus stops , and any public places .
tr	NN	And with that , a new tradition in our marriage began .
tr	NNS	Spanish dancers , wearing emeralds on their toes -- and nothing else -- did the flamenco on its tables .
tr	NN	" Die and rot in this stink hole you vermin of waste ! "
tr	NNS	Using their speed , the Tanks reached Cleon and Todd before the Jets , but not too far ahead .
tr	NNS	Finally the footsteps start up again .
tr	NN	In the corner of the lounge was a mahogany cupboard .
tr	NN	The man 's gasping became less labored and then stopped .
tr	NN	My belly 's touching the ceiling ! "
tr	NN	There is no extra sustenance in organic food , except that it contains few unnatural products , such as chemical fertilizers , pesticides , etc. .
tr	NN	The priest was suddenly standing tall in front of us , and the blood spatters were on his beard and on his face .
tr	NN	The admiral looked very intimidating .
tr	NNS	" Maybe by that time the cats will have forgotten this game . "
tr	NNS	At the end of the street cars , carts , camels , and other animals stood as if on guard to the entrance to the road .
tr	NNS	A few taps of the screen and she announced , " He 's doing an in-house shoot tomorrow .
tr	NNS	The objects would not save her from a full-blooded demon who wanted her dead , but they offered some protection .
tr	NN	" Yes , sir , " the sergeant said , blushing .
tr	NN	Hannah found herself gasping , her entire skin shivering .
tr	NN	The werewolf packs in The Dry are no longer our biggest threat . "
tr	NN	The lightning strike had taken out the power to the whole neighbourhood .
tr	NN	The next hunt will be good . "
tr	NN	The sharp boom jolted her .
tr	NN	The sheriff squeezed my fingers , then briskly clasped hands with Jesse and Chance .
tr	NNS	By moving between the levels of dimensions is exactly how they work and why they belong in the Box .
tr	NNS	Romulus , who Elizabeth had almost forgotten about at this point , rested his head on her leg .
tr	NN	When their eyes locked , the teacher knew her secret was out .
tr	NN	But where most would have shaken a fist and thrown a few curse words , the rider righted himself , leaned over his handlebars and sped up .
tr	NNS	Their hackles rose and they bared their teeth .
tr	NN	Barbie No. 2 leaned in close to me .
tr	NN	I shook my head , total y confused .
tr	NNS	Myles eyed the blood spatter on the wall .
tr	NNS	About twenty minutes ago , the creatures had left the same way they 'd come .
tr	NN	When he released her several awkward seconds later , he smiled at her , then kissed the tip of her upturned nose .
tr	NN	Chance 's vote didn 't matter .
tr	NNS	Two ambitious young film directors jumped into an attached boat and rowed vigorously .
tr	NN	" Lew 's , I reckon , " the sergeant murmured , shaking out what was left of a policeman 's tunic .
tr	NN	" His religious beliefs ? "
tr	NNS	His sneakers and his undershirt lay on a rock beside him , dry in the scornful sun .
tr	NN	His h * ps flexed involuntarily , pressing his hard length against her stomach , and he began to lick her neck .
tr	NN	The undertone to his voice has said it all .
tr	NNS	Reyes sighed when Aeron didn 't respond .
tr	NN	He was still in his prime but many hard cycles as a slave and a soldier , had taken their toll .
tr	NN	If I got the tail right , the beak was wrong - or the talons .
tr	NN	Part of him wished she would let go and release all that guilt and fear .
tr	NNS	" Eight werewolves and six vampires .
tr	NN	The portly leader , whose name was Olaf , stroked absently at his beard , and then spoke .
tr	NN	The medic held his hands firmly down on Justus ' bleeding shoulder .
tr	NNS	Mages call it the Hollow .
tr	NN	" And the reverend turned on him ? "
tr	NNS	Things started to rattle and fall over .
tr	NN	Storm nods , folding her arms over her chest as if to ward off a chill .
tr	NNS	The figures wore primitive , painted masks of extensive diversity .
tr	NNS	The drugs will keep them alive , but they never will be the same people they were .
tr	NNS	Waves from behind crashed over the rear and the crew suddenly found they were sitting in half a meter of surging water .
tr	NNS	The documents in the basement are not coming out until you go in with a search warrant .
tr	NNS	And there is antique Salem with its brooding years , and spectral Marblehead scaling its rocky precipices into past centuries !
tr	NN	A mass of black fur stumbles over tangled hind legs , then goes sprawling into the bushes .
tr	NNS	" No more dresses for me , " she said .
tr	NN	" However , my Prince , I did not , of course , touch the red lever .
tr	NN	Another bout of giggles erupted before she could stop them .
tr	NNS	What are these wolves ?
tr	NN	As usual , there was the standard , disappointing " thunk " as the blade was intercepted by the staff .
tr	NN	The concept was foreign to her .
tr	NN	" He picks up on everything , " said Dreamer lovingly , then she pouted .
tr	NNS	Her flying leathers creaked as she did .
tr	NN	The control panel moves about like a jellyfish .
tr	NNS	There are a dozen varieties , and within those types , various strengths .
tr	NN	" Good job , old timer , " the second ninja told him .
tr	NNS	The stiffness in her voice meant that she was still very pissed off .
tr	NN	A thin white scar snaked its way from the base of his right thumb to the outside of his wrist .
tr	NN	There was no spark , no quivering in her stomach .
tr	NN	Not wil ing to talk to anyone . "
tr	NN	My body ached , suddenly , ached and ached .
tr	NN	When neglected this plant can create an environment for blight to flourish , threatening the entire garden .
tr	NNS	There were already return shots ringing out by the time she got there .
tr	NN	The last appraised actuarial value , at the time of the death , was the basis for the buyout price .
tr	NN	Part of me thought it would be a better idea to let Steve know that we didn 't trust him from the get-go .
tr	NN	There was a television set in the Marriott 's coffee shop .
tr	NNS	Eventually her whispers died down , but the blade continued the slow subtle changes .
tr	NNS	Thankfully , the elevators were close .
tr	NNS	Cassius bowed and turned to leave the room .
tr	NNS	" Even werewolves need their rest .
tr	NN	The gentle beating on my muscles they provided was great after a sparring match with one of the guys .
tr	NNS	Her sobs were loud at first .
tr	NN	When our fingers touch , a strange electricity shoots through me .
tr	NN	Our goal was to follow its route and rendezvous at the campsite with the rest .
tr	NN	The rough shove sent Sarah reeling .
tr	NN	" How about some bacon and eggs ? "
tr	NN	The angel remained silent , its wings carrying it gracefully but with purpose .
tr	NN	In truth , the judge 's proclamation had been a mere formality .
tr	NN	" None have dared oppose the High King , " the idol said .
tr	NN	My appreciation of her legs in the slim fit jeans stopped however when I noticed the small beat up suitcase clutched tightly in her hand .
tr	NN	Her absence from the house left a chilling void .
tr	NN	His tie hung around his neck .
tr	NNS	Recovery operations are underway , but authorities believe , given the massive size of the explosions , progress will be ' difficult ' . "
tr	NN	Right away , the electricity started working its magic , thawing my frozen body and lifting the cold away .
tr	NN	The guitarist had a lean figure but , like the singer had no bust and her stocky midriff meant she didn 't suit her corset either .
tr	NN	Your grandma sees everything . "
tr	NNS	The twins showed up later in the morning .
tr	NNS	Others had gone out to clear trees and scrub from a wide area all around , so that we would have a clear field of fire .
tr	NN	In the autumn chill , there was less drunken glee .
tr	NNS	Where I had grown up , how I came to audition , what my hopes and dreams were .
tr	NNS	Our tongues darted together , exploring each other 's mouths .
tr	NN	The soft cotton came away black .
tr	NNS	" The possibilities and situations one can come up for the use of these gems are infinite and never ending .
tr	NNS	Her stuff is flying off the shelves , single-day sales records all over the place .
tr	NNS	' The rats that go into the pit don 't come out .
tr	NNS	There was something insidious about a man so evil looking so sublime .
tr	NNS	" And the races are your answer to that problem .
tr	NN	No good deed goes unpunished , right ? "
tr	NN	During the week on the island , the hurting became bearable .
tr	NN	The divorce went through without any further meeting with Tony and that , also , was a relief .
tr	NNS	She looked back and forth between the two of them , her aristocratic cheekbones turning a dusty rose .
tr	NNS	My designs turned back upon me .
tr	NN	The leader became exceedingly flustered at having to explain his actions .
tr	NN	' The coast looks clear .
tr	NN	There was a low growl from around the table .
tr	NNS	Here and there , filing cabinets rose out of the paper sea like icebergs .
tr	NN	The crone leaned forward and I was worried she 'd tip over and shatter right in front of us .
tr	NN	There was the grove of silvery trees all right , but he could not see Weston .
tr	NN	And a half-hearted warrior is the worst kind to have .
tr	NN	And no-one liked looking at what was in the trap .
tr	NN	However , the art could be dangerous , and an inexperienced pervert like Neely could truly hurt someone .
tr	NN	" Love doesn 't need to be earned ! "
tr	NNS	" My political opponents will believe what they see , Rachel .
tr	NNS	Then , thousands of garden spirits appeared , circling around us .
tr	NNS	The chills would be next .
tr	NNS	" My efforts have not been successful . "
tr	NN	Her pulse jumped at a powerful tug of attraction .
tr	NN	The dungeon was somewhere underneath the garage at the compound .
tr	NN	A lonely birthday like Gideon 's seemed huge and horrible to me .
tr	NNS	That once again thousands would die in the greater name of life and , of course , liberty .
tr	NNS	There are other healers who will come to lend their aid . "
tr	NNS	But the ramifications of not testing were even worse .
tr	NN	A bullet misses my leg by inches .
tr	NN	All the guilt outweighed his melancholy state .
tr	NN	" Love is the hardest emotion of all , to conquer .
tr	NNS	The bright colors of the sunrise were streaming into the small tent and he wished more than anything to freeze this moment in his brain forever .
tr	NNS	There were bits of glass and many of the contents of the rooms were strewn about all over , some of it outside .
tr	NN	" Your aura got sad , and I figured being on a college campus had something to do with it . "
tr	NNS	Others looked at the ground not venturing a response .
tr	NNS	Those old sergeants know just about everything that has to do with wars .
tr	NN	" Sweetheart , " she said , growing a little irritated with her daughter 's pestering , " our neighbor is not a lawyer . "
tr	NNS	His fears became rampant as he worried that she might hyperventilate .
tr	NNS	Tomorrow , the castle seamstress will attend you .
tr	NN	His h * ps rise up as mine go down and I moan .
tr	NNS	Americus spoke up then .
tr	NNS	My companions and I have just arrived in Texas from Tennessee .
tr	NN	The gap between this bit of the world and the next bit directly in front of them was about a hundred yards long .
tr	NN	Love will find its way to you .
tr	NN	But how much protection could one warrior truly provide ?
tr	NNS	And those idiotic Guardians , particularly the repulsive Marley , won 't be able to dismiss the evidence out of hand anymore .
tr	NNS	Chills of adrenaline ran through Hannah 's body .
tr	NNS	Myles closed the folder .
tr	NN	" Don 't bother , " said a woman 's voice calmly .
tr	NNS	The local villagers became terrified of Nick , and the stories just got worse over time . "
tr	NN	" Your uncle , the King of Light and Illusion , is demanding that we turn you over to him .
tr	NN	The maid was going to wonder what kind of animals had gotten into Logan 's room .
tr	NNS	The colors were fascinating as the blinding sun descended beneath the horizon .
tr	NNS	Helen 's servants were all experienced and excellent at their jobs .
tr	NNS	Primary Reyes curled his hips , pumping between her legs in quick thrusts , shouting as he came .
tr	NN	The sentence that scrolled after Stark 's caught my eye .
tr	NNS	Kayden bites at his bottom lip with his eyelids lowered .
tr	NNS	Defence mechanisms instantly kicked in as the distance between them closed and he made no move to avoid her .
tr	NN	The peephole had eased closed and I heard it latch into place , then the door swung open .
tr	NNS	Remember , however , that should you choose to leave , the consequences are on you .
tr	NNS	Samuels said he had come to Redwood City on the morning train , Saturday , the day Voss was killed .
tr	NNS	The first clothing stores were empty .
tr	NN	My uncle changing , biting my grandmother .
tr	NN	More combat became visible around the big bonfire on the opposite breakwater .
tr	NN	" Sailor 's term , " Hawk replied gingerly , " Doesn 't really mean anything , just gibberish , meaning exceedingly drunk .
tr	NNS	Screams ruptured her ears .
tr	NN	Wearing an immaculate dark green and black suit , the ancient researcher looked like Old Earth nobility .
tr	NNS	Seven torches went into the seven holes around the Milky Way .
tr	NN	Instead , this fencing apparently serves to protect the scientists from the tigers .
tr	NN	By the way , the correct term is ' toast . ' "
tr	NN	A pretty dimple appeared when she grinned .
tr	NN	A sob breaks out of me , and a second later Zander 's arms are around my shoulders .
tr	NNS	" The minds of the insane are intricate and vivid and strange , but they are not real . "
tr	NNS	Still , the dwarves flourished and grew ever richer under the mountain .
tr	NN	Song was listening to the tree !
tr	NNS	There were three strands of the wire running parallel to the ground , as far as the eyes could see .
tr	NN	" What is your Class , girl ? "
tr	NN	The detector continued to alert .
tr	NNS	" Their fathers spend much time preparing them for the selection and then their parents bring them here hoping even praying they will be chosen warriors . "
tr	NNS	Silver bows adorn each banquet table , along with mounds of flowers and flickering candles .
tr	NN	A whistle broke my intense concentration .
tr	NNS	These new teachings offered true escape from the sufferings of life and from the endless reincarnation caused by human desires .
tr	NN	Nothin ' ta write home ' bout . "
tr	NN	" The medication hurt worse than the needle . "
tr	NNS	The red letters on the mug read # 1 Grandma .
tr	NNS	And these colors are spectacular ! "
tr	NNS	Other nations will need to be notified .
tr	NN	And who is the attractive but bumbling tourist who turns up wherever they go ?
tr	NNS	Not only was there a fifth floor which the boy never even heard of , those rumored underground floors proved to be true as well .
tr	NNS	When close enough , Bugs could see Smith had a fresh haircut and waxed mustache .
tr	NN	We will be put to the test from here on , so let every warrior bear the ' burden ' of ten men .
tr	NNS	Drugs that can change our mood , drugs that can even change our physicality , making us stronger , need less sleep . "
tr	NN	Chance would be doing me a favor if he got back together with her .
tr	NN	" Engine status is nearly at max .
tr	NN	" I wasn 't expecting him to fall , " the mercenary whined his excuse .
tr	NN	" Where is the gentleman ? "
tr	NNS	Things were falling off shelves and wood was breaking but it did not bother them .
tr	NNS	Quite unfortunately for them , however , father 's staff decided differently .
tr	NNS	Moses set as far away from Louis as could manage on the bed .
tr	NNS	The floors were polished marble , a color somewhere between white and gold , with twisting black and green threads running through each square .
tr	NN	My career as a real estate salesperson was short and unofficial , but not uneventful .
tr	NNS	When the villagers come rushing into Drac 's castle ?
tr	NN	A steely glint flashed in Damen 's eyes when he saw his wife searching for Morrison .
tr	NN	" Excuse me , for just a minute , " said the mayor , " but we can 't all seriously be considering this .
tr	NN	There 's an explanation .
tr	NN	The caller told me I 'd find you in the service room at the bottom of the Tunnel of Doom .
tr	NNS	The cards stopped coming , mainly because no one knew where she was most of the time .
tr	NNS	But there are consequences .
tr	NN	All his objections to staying in this house had faded when he had found that Evie had never truly been Matt 's wife .
tr	NNS	Paris 's eyelids popped open .
tr	NN	The mechanical reel was barely audible as it pulled the thick blind into the casing along the floor .
tr	NNS	" Things are different now , I 'm sorry but it 's going to be difficult . "
tr	NNS	Echo slides the door shut behind us in case any more minions are coming .
tr	NN	Today the mountain range was closer -- cold and unwelcoming , rising straight up into the sky .
tr	NNS	There are some very motivated clients who were still hesitant , and now they are onboard .
tr	NNS	Their pursuers were closing in .
tr	NN	After five days , the bruise had faded , but he still had the remnants of a small scab .
tr	NNS	" Things happen ; I don 't know what I 'll do .
tr	NNS	Three large glow globes bobbed slowly near the ceiling .
tr	NN	The usual secretary had gone home for the evening , so the lobby was deserted and quiet .
tr	NNS	In Spain 's interior , the temperatures soared to levels that made the Costa Blanca seem almost frigid .
tr	NNS	Others knelt and looked around for the source of attack .
tr	NNS	Anna turned into the old cemetery , gates open .
tr	NN	This very video clearly shows that . "
tr	NN	Her absence was a significant shock .
tr	NNS	In the human plane deals are only as good as the person wants them to be .
tr	NNS	The concepts nodded amongst themselves , although Irony did so with a sarcastic grimace .
tr	NN	Everyone fucking loved him , man .
tr	NNS	The long leather jackets were just similar enough that the mistake was almost guaranteed in the darkness .
tr	NNS	By the time they finally docked back at the house , all three toddlers were sound asleep .
tr	NN	The script pulled up a PDF and asked if it should be saved .
tr	NN	A log settles in the fireplace , sending off a small shower of sparks .
tr	NNS	There are some pretty serious political ramifications if you fuck with someone like that . "
tr	NN	The thief collapsed and all the members stepped away in cowardice from the corpse .
tr	NNS	Eighty acres was no small farming operation .
tr	NN	Then , after it happened , on the evening of my seventeenth birthday , my only goal was to survive .
tr	NNS	The man 's professional loyalties were no more constant than those he offered the women he bedded and discarded with the morning paper .
tr	NNS	Finally , his snores puffed against her skin .
tr	NNS	The cookies never lied .
tr	NNS	Lisa 's fingernails dug into my skin in her eagerness to pull me closer .
tr	NNS	Waves lapped gently at the shores , and warmth like spring poured from the heavens upon bones newly dressed in the health of flesh .
tr	NNS	The images were meaningless ; I might as well have been remembering a scene from a movie .
tr	NN	There is more than one chip .
tr	NN	His black pencil sat atop one ear , only the pink eraser at the tip showing , the rest disappearing into his dark , messy hair .
tr	NNS	Reyes asked , stepping forward .
tr	NN	No sooner did the Apple icon disappear from the screen than my phone buzzed .
tr	NN	Once we 'd gone into the woods for a while , the warrior pointed to a fork with two trees , signaling us to stop there .
tr	NN	Its range won 't be the advertised 20 miles , but it should work for two to three . "
tr	NNS	The distant drums sounded a bizarre and faintly menacing cadence .
tr	NNS	Alexis knew Xavier never bluff - not ever .
tr	NNS	At once both captains were on their feet .
tr	NNS	Creepy chills slid up my spine .
tr	NNS	The minds you occupy will have no idea you were there , no memory of what you did . "
tr	NNS	Maybe male fairies don 't have body hair ?
tr	NN	" This is vandalism , " the principal said as he started through .
tr	NNS	If you were foolish enough to try to summon them , even your most stalwart supporters would abandon you .
tr	NNS	But his efforts were pointless .
tr	NN	The whole scenario sounded like some unbelievable story that belonged on Dateline or something .
tr	NNS	The four werewolves followed me inside the house where Weldon looked as if he were about to have a stroke .
tr	NN	But Jazz could tell that Lucia 's mind wasn 't on fashion and hair , not anymore .
tr	NNS	The shouts became louder and louder until the whole village could hear the shouts that were coming from the council house on the mound .
tr	NNS	My classes could all go to hell .
tr	NNS	My nostrils flared angrily .
tr	NNS	The same two nurses come to me and move me to another room because I 'm better they say .
tr	NNS	Others stayed behind shouting things that we were on a fool 's mission and its best that we not get involved with the elite affairs .
tr	NN	A red haze , treacherous and blazing out of control , slipped into his head , making it nearly impossible to think clearly .
tr	NNS	Would my actions ruin Dad 's chances at getting the big retirement pension ?
tr	NNS	The leaders of Circle Daybreak made a firm decision when this whole thing started .
tr	NNS	But the trousers , frayed and worn as they were , seemed salvageable to Andrew .
tr	NN	Does this concept of wholeness actually exist in reality ?
tr	NNS	" The sales from my books have left me the fortune I wanted .
tr	NNS	Republic uniforms suit you . "
tr	NNS	Thus went the images of Edward .
tr	NN	Your race and the other monsters are an abomination ! "
tr	NN	With only a questioning glare to offer , Link can 't place the name , though he is certain he has heard it before .
tr	NN	His hood and his grey rags were flung away .
tr	NNS	The staff 's quarters will be private , of course , and the kitchen . "
tr	NNS	All around , little puffs of plaster filled the air .
tr	NN	The momentum of my fall knocked him over , but he softened my landing .
tr	NNS	Her movements are jerky and she avoids making eye contact with me .
tr	NNS	But listen up , the badges were here too .
tr	NN	The policeman then asked him if he could think of anybody who might dislike him enough to report him as being involved .
tr	NN	As would the survival rope around its handle .
tr	NN	My design was for a pregnant woman , so if Mrs. Saunders was interested in it , that must have meant she was pregnant .
tr	NN	The two crewmen began rotating the boards , twisting the straps until they embraced the man 's skull .
tr	NNS	The same aliens who brought dinosaurs to Earth brought sandwiches , too . '
tr	NNS	Board members perused his record book and saw all the documented marksmanship awards .
tr	NN	About once a month , the Alchemists ' Guild exploded .
tr	NN	The seed of immortality has sprouted within me . "
tr	NNS	' But the goblins that dwelt here have left many years ago .
tr	NN	But the sergeant had the eyes of a younger man and had logged countless hours of aerial surveillance aboard the Valor .
tr	NNS	Marius wrapped his arm around her for support and helped her limp to the wall next to the elevator .
tr	NNS	Thick iron bars covered the front door and the windows .
tr	NNS	" There 's a portal in the handicap stall downstairs that allows people to drop in from alternate universes .
tr	NNS	Your movements will be swift and powerful ; your mind will be sharp and clear .
tr	NNS	" Things happen in threes , Angelina .
tr	NN	The pointed posture silently heralded his partner 's success .
tr	NNS	Images flashed in my eyes of me stripping and rubbing my breasts against those hard muscles .
tr	NN	How could her sister-in-law know ?
tr	NNS	" Whatever the cause , the symptoms appear legitimate .
tr	NNS	Seeing the blue lights of a police car careening toward them , the two traders took a minute to shrug themselves back into their camel hair overcoats .
tr	NNS	There were some repairs we needed to make . "
tr	NNS	Thoughts fly faster than the blinking of an eye , and both young people experienced a flood of ideas and questions during that first instance of meeting .
tr	NN	My far more dominant intellect will most surely come riding to the rescue to save me .
tr	NNS	Dean 's eyelids rolled back , bringing Megan into focus and sending Gina into a fine gray mist spiraling up into nothingness .
tr	NN	The Enemy has minions and sycophants everywhere , liars and tin badges and badgers and birds .
tr	NN	A milk crate of vinyl records sat next to a turntable .
tr	NN	" Who is this Barney fellow ?
tr	NN	A stab of something sickening went through her , a mixture of jealousy and disgust .
tr	NNS	But the oaths are specific .
tr	NNS	The Shield 's green armored scales moved fluidly as it shifted about , sizing up the room .
tr	NNS	" The Others will leave wallets , keys , and other belongings at the cairn so we know that person isn 't coming back .
tr	NN	Well , there 's tennis , and fencing , but that 's about it .
tr	NN	A red silk tie hung over his broad shoulder .
tr	NNS	Enough witnesses could tell you that .
tr	NN	Or that a half-breed werewolf would fall hopelessly , helplessly , in love with a centuries-old vampire ?
tr	NNS	Thoughts of her reminded me of the repercussions of her actions .
tr	NN	The delectable bachelor destined to marry wealthy and within his class , she thought , recalling the final words of the article .
tr	NN	And an hour later , when they arrived at the ball hand in hand , Benedict 's past reputation was merely a shadow on everyone 's lips .
tr	NNS	Of course , no primary texts from Confucius remain in existence , so nearly everything we attribute to him is guesswork , to some extent or another .
tr	NN	Morning came , though the boy and his mother had slept little , one for excitement and the other for sorrow .
tr	NN	In their place a blazing yellow inferno glared at the world .
tr	NN	She examined his face intently , a slow sweep of his sensual features before her gaze rested thoughtfully on his black eyes .
tr	NNS	When Daniel finished , the two crew members untied him from the table and carried him back to his quarters .
tr	NN	The infection rippled through the crowd along a wave of blood and flailing limbs like some sort of perverse Mexican wave .
tr	NN	A dusty staircase led down the crack into the underworld .
tr	NN	The fencing was chain link , and six feet in height .
tr	NN	But once planted , the seed of hope found fertile soil .
tr	NN	A superhero is floating in the air before me with his visor open .
tr	NNS	His brain processes stopped altogether .
tr	NN	The raven ruffled its feathers .
tr	NNS	Those figures were right .
tr	NNS	Inside it was nothing but air , yet his mercenaries would guard it with their lives .
tr	NN	A bum can win it in a lottery , or a dunce can inherit it , or someone can get it by holding up a bank .
tr	NN	The Corporal stepped closer to Thomas .
tr	NNS	Most members won 't . "
tr	NN	His sexy chuckle resonated through her , sending warm tingles into her stomach and lower .
tr	NNS	Rats who can think .
tr	NNS	The thudding footsteps and bellowed orders reminded him he could not think too far ahead .
tr	NN	" My buddy Dexter filmed that when we were goofing around on the job . "
tr	NNS	Flames took hold of the splintered , dried wood and rose up to hug the log .
tr	NNS	Flames danced within his twilight eyes .
tr	NN	Every instinct I have screams for me to ignore the voice , to pull the trigger , to blow the Peacekeepers sky-high .
tr	NN	Just as he spoke the last word , a horrendous crash seemed to surround him .
tr	NN	His boot was in such a position to have kicked Hastings , and awoken him thus .
tr	NNS	These abominable happenings remain unseen , buried way inside the woods .
tr	NNS	The pirates split into two groups .
tr	NN	' I 've heard of them , ' Love said .
tr	NN	A blog page on an internet site filled the screen as Skylar perused the information .
tr	NNS	The blasts reduced the back window into a spider web of crystalline drops .
tr	NN	" Ok , settle down ! "
tr	NN	The inspector saw her expression and he held his head low .
tr	NN	The north of the cul-de-sac was a school , and the CCTV on the gates would cover part of the pavement on that side of the road .
tr	NN	The footman handed her a linen napkin .
tr	NN	The success of his movements stayed relative to his own intelligence and the information available .
tr	NN	The group aura had started to shift at the mention of Randall 's name .
tr	NN	" Where 's this buggy ? "
tr	NNS	' Under Construction ' signs kept visitors from straying too far , which made his interest in the out of order section ... curious .
tr	NNS	The cabinets were no longer old stained wood but a modern white laminate and the once hideous yellow appliances had been replaced with shiny stainless steel .
tr	NN	" Gas tank seems okay , same for the oil pan as far as I can see .
tr	NN	The improvement was enough to allow her to sense that both men were focused on her huddled form under the sheets of the bed .
tr	NNS	But the chances of convincing him were even lower .
tr	NNS	Girls think he 's hot .
tr	NN	An agent would hand off an envelope to him -- never the same person .
tr	NN	There was a small square carved in the hardwood floor that had a key hole and an indent for a handle .
tr	NNS	As you know , the countess is indeed pregnant .
tr	NNS	There are always risks when you 're underground . "
tr	NN	I could not leave him , my lord , ' she said shyly with here eyes fixed on the floor .
tr	NNS	At his bidding , living creatures burst into non-existence , and devastation became a physical force .
tr	NNS	Cadmus shook his head good-naturedly , but he didn 't mind .
tr	NNS	There are many variations to the definition of this last day I 'm talking about .
tr	NN	There 's another chorus of gunshots .
tr	NNS	Then there 's the simulation programs , which you have to understand in order to evaluate Dauntless initiates .
tr	NN	With this realization , the agony of his suspense suddenly disappeared .
tr	NN	The redhead beside her leaned over with a concerned look on her face .
tr	NN	The neighbor nodded slowly and held out the back of his hand .
tr	NN	The bullet ripped across Lord 's right shoulder .
tr	NN	" All that wailing gets on my nerves .
tr	NNS	Always before they 'd worked with the encouragement and blessing of the government , their actions and authority sanctioned .
tr	NN	The passion was out of this world .
tr	NN	" My grandmother told me Hell was an eternity from God .
tr	NN	Part of me wanted to walk away , to not care .
tr	NN	A clatter below startles the maidens , and they peek over the ledge .
tr	NN	The carpet was twenty years old and badly worn .
tr	NNS	These visitors have helped this world in technology only to keep the humans entertained and focused on things far below what they are capable of becoming .
tr	NNS	Mech wolves crowded in .
tr	NNS	Suddenly my favorite sweatpants seemed like the top contender for the next time I made a donation to the Salvation Army .
tr	NNS	The ladies at the next table got up to leave , but he made no move to sit down .
tr	NNS	Words echo in my mind as I replay the scene .
tr	NN	" What 's south of the desert ? "
tr	NN	The corvette sonar operator was alarmed .
tr	NN	No explanation required . "
tr	NNS	There are materials on huge rolls stacked on the shelves .
tr	NNS	The belly dancers started the show , and I was mesmerized by how their bodies moved to the beat of the nearby drums .
tr	NN	The first squad was ready to go inside the suspected base .
tr	NNS	The roads were clear from the snowplows working all night , and we eagerly headed west out of town on Highway # 24 toward Lost Gorge .
tr	NNS	Lights were strung across the streets ; the reflections from them sparkled in the windows of the darkened stores .
tr	NNS	The warriors were about to start and he - he was staring at the paper on his lap .
tr	NNS	Cars were honking again , edging around us .
tr	NN	Copper and brass shone in the lamplight .
tr	NNS	A few ideas were already percolating .
tr	NNS	Geo positioned the button next to its twin , and it immediately molded into the toy 's form , the emptiness there finally filled .
tr	NN	But according to the scuttlebutt this Nightshade operation already has a version of the founder 's formula .
tr	NN	The thud of impact had nausea rolling in her gut .
tr	NNS	The three siblings in front of her burst out laughing .
tr	NNS	His siblings rocked with laughter .
tr	NNS	And just beside the doorway , there 's a lumpy mattress on the floor , and Quinton 's lying on it .
tr	NN	What is the context here ? '
tr	NNS	Diggs had rejoined me somewhere along the line .
tr	NN	A watchman had been in here , too .
tr	NNS	Our visits never lasted long after that .
tr	NNS	Things had gone so well yesterday !
tr	NN	The black snake hissed at her again , taking its time , sending a forked tongue through terrible cracked wooden lips .
tr	NNS	" How long are these murders going to continue , Detective ?
tr	NNS	Alexis sat up slowly .
tr	NNS	The paleness had made way for colour and she looked beautiful against the white sheets .
tr	NNS	An emptiness made the pit of my stomach ache as I tortured myself with that same scene of Nina with Cal on his cheap desk .
tr	NNS	Had the members of the state legislature concerned themselves with winter in the high Sierras when they considered emergency gear legislation ?
tr	NN	Thomas forced himself to stand , pushed down the guilt that threatened to consume him .
tr	NN	There 's police tape everywhere . "
tr	NNS	Alexis noted that she was glad her son had settled down .
tr	NN	Today , however , was Scone Day .
tr	NN	Quantum theory has overlaps with psychology and neuroscience with the elevated role of the observer in the evolution of the state wave .
tr	NNS	Others streamed in through the windows .
tr	NNS	And sales for covers for other product brands were at a fever pitch .
tr	NNS	All the home necessities I needed were already there .
tr	NN	The supervisor , Theresa West , jerked a thumb at the one-way mirror between them and John .
tr	NN	The real challenge was for us to find the same .
tr	NNS	Doors swung open , and an army of servants stormed the table bearing heavily laden trays .
tr	NN	The pitcher nodded at the catcher , wrapped his hand around the ball in his glove , then hauled his arm back and threw .
tr	NN	After all , why would a jet-setting bachelor want to live in a mansion ?
tr	NN	The incredulous growl thumped into Amy 's heart .
tr	NN	The next nearest unit is yours John in the Northern sector .
tr	NNS	Aurelius gave Tory a level look .
tr	NN	When I passed through the cloaking field , the roar of cheering voices went silent .
tr	NNS	Your competitors call you the Iron Butterfly .
tr	NNS	The Spanish Soldiers seem to be in position to board Queen Anne 's Revenge .
tr	NNS	Looks like there 's only one killer and he prefers staging accidents usually with poison .
tr	NNS	There were no signs of life anywhere .
tr	NN	" There 's an emergency flashlight plugged into that wall over there . "
tr	NNS	Several Typical Rosewood Girls carrying dog-eared copies of Teen Vogue brushed past , yanking Aria back to the present .
tr	NN	" The veil , " he said .
tr	NNS	Shouts and cries of joy met my ears when they saw what I was doing .
tr	NNS	" Things have come through it before . "
tr	NNS	Cars were slowing down for the amber light .
tr	NNS	All characters appearing in this work are fictitious .
tr	NNS	A few drops for a gash won 't hurt , as long as it 's clean .
tr	NNS	Hands shoot up to grip me and my demon .
tr	NN	The chef , an elf about Abigail 's height , whisked something pink in a clear glass bowl .
tr	NN	Part of me whispered that this was it .
tr	NNS	There are diverging explanations !
tr	NN	A chorus of " cheers " filled the room .
tr	NNS	But then whispers filled the corridor , slithering off the walls .
tr	NNS	The actions weren 't too different to those in the Bruce Lee book , and he soon found himself copying the katas with ease and precision .
tr	NNS	The gates swung open with an almighty creak , and he gestured for John to wait inside while he moved the pickup inside the fence .
tr	NN	" Now that we 've had a lovely stroll down memory lane , mind telling me what the hell you 're doing here ? "
tr	NNS	Five pairs is a substantial number when the fighting takes place in such confined space .
tr	NN	When they hugged , Chloe 's new baby bump pressed between them .
tr	NN	Would the shooter change the angle of his fire ?
tr	NNS	Her pupils are wells of deep sincerity .
tr	NNS	The metaphorical gears strained , fighting harder and harder to turn , until the teeth snapped and the pressure gave , the bones snapping into place perfectly .
tr	NN	His robe snagged on a cactus and he waited while Bart jerked it free .
tr	NNS	I rubbed my head , my temples were pounding .
tr	NN	Song leaned over the table as she poured Echo some water from a hollowed out gourd .
tr	NNS	The mattress , however , didn 't have anything holding it in place and so it slid halfway off the box spring onto the floor .
tr	NN	Chance parked , and I climbed out of the car .
tr	NNS	The bellowing horns of impatient ships were more than enough to wake me .
tr	NN	It ' l go away in a bit . "
tr	NN	" What is the status of our rally point ?
tr	NNS	" Things have been ... happening . "
tr	NN	His partner is at the door .
tr	NN	If I hadn 't broken his spell on me earlier , that appeal might have drawn me to him .
tr	NN	The knight searched the busy street .
tr	NN	His twin was worried , but he wanted his brother to be happy .
tr	NN	" How 's the kitten doing ?
tr	NNS	Those bees ain 't studying you ! "
tr	NNS	Normally there were four crew members , a driver , a commander , a gunner , and a loader .
tr	NNS	The other trunk 's contents are more formal .
tr	NNS	Their antics were drawing undue attention to him , something no Carpathian desired .
tr	NNS	The ladies suggested using bouquets of fresh wildflowers , unless Mandy had other flowers in mind .
tr	NNS	There were iron bars on the windows and the door .
tr	NNS	Rats knew when to give up .
tr	NN	Sure enough , there was a slight gap between the tree trunk and the rock wall that formed the back of the statue .
tr	NNS	Ezio 's skills with the blade were more than a match for them .
tr	NN	Under the hot water I felt myself relaxing , my nose clearing and a deep calm come over me .
tr	NNS	Things would go back to the way they were supposed to be .
tr	NN	After that Kidd 's reputation had grown , and other pirates had flocked to his side .
tr	NN	The trio disappeared into the shadows of The Owner .
tr	NNS	But I had , there were witnesses .
tr	NN	The rope binding his hands was slick with blood .
tr	NNS	My sources tell me a certain Miss Brice is going to be there too .
tr	NNS	" The negotiations are complete .
tr	NNS	Ten wolves had also come from the San Antonio Pack , and Trace turned to them .
tr	NNS	There were three coffee drinks in it .
tr	NNS	There , smiling a thin and evil little smile is Alexis .
tr	NNS	Their movements disturbed the water , causing a door to drift open .
tr	NN	The dragon screeched and swooped off toward my fire , belching out her own flames as she went .
tr	NNS	His organizational skills were a perfect complement to Marty 's personal charisma and charm .
tr	NN	The pilot quickly kills the engines , inducing a cascade of whines as the turbines spin down .
tr	NN	' The Iron Gate Pass , ' said King Ignis .
tr	NN	The agony on the goddess 's face was indescribable as she looked down at Julian 's cold , pale body .
tr	NN	" She 'll fit right in , " the secretary assured her .
tr	NN	The chef gave a nod of sudden understanding .
tr	NN	The young warrior plunged into the shrubbery , and immediately vanished .
tr	NN	There was a celebration going on .
tr	NNS	Some strains of Buddhism teach that the external world is entirely a projection of our minds .
tr	NNS	the cousins showed them in keen anticipation .
tr	NNS	The minions of the Unheard Whisper shall obey you by its authority . "
tr	NN	The strike of his gun against her head barely had time to register before her vision winked out and she descended into darkness .
tr	NN	The rustle in the brush stopped as Kenny turned around and stared at the three of them .
tr	NN	Clearly , there was a simple design of Celtic knots inlaid around the stone .
tr	NNS	Magazine ads in the gay press conveyed the message that nothing could be butcher or sexier than to inhale these noxious chemical fumes .
tr	NNS	My cousins had been really happy that they were able to keep two of the cats .
tr	NN	There was guilt and fear and too many other emotions .
tr	NNS	The drugs were always a momentary fix for all of her problems .
tr	NN	' Whoa , whoa , easy there , ' said Tristram , rushing to its aid .
tr	NN	Like everyone , their clothing was a mix of whatever they could find , but all their clothing looked new .
tr	NNS	Gloomy twilight was surrounding him , distinct light sources disappeared again .
tr	NNS	There really were 60 gold bars .
tr	NNS	Moses struggled to keep from laughing .
tr	NNS	Payton 's fans were also waiting for a KO , but the means were a little different .
tr	NNS	Gramps has to know she 's hurt .
tr	NNS	Lights shone from the first and second floor , but the top floor was dark .
tr	NNS	When I glance up at him , the fierceness in his eyes causes me to shrink back .
tr	NN	Her passion had awed him .
tr	NN	Yer going to be tall , Todd , cuz yer pa was tall .
tr	NNS	" But your aunts were not hiding these things from our people .
tr	NNS	His abilities to manipulate things in this world are the stuff of legends .
tr	NN	The entire arrangement wobbled horrendously , and he gaped at the bouncing , clattering items on the tray .
tr	NNS	Marius yelled and hauled his foot back to kick Dead Meat in the chest .
tr	NNS	The currents of paranormal energy generated by the chimes swept outward like tentacles seeking to draw the intended prey back into the house .
tr	NN	The deputy paused to catch his breath and think .
tr	NNS	My fears abated now that I was with him .
tr	NNS	It was then these forests grew , and in and out among their stalks went a people that have vanished from the world these many thousand years .
tr	NN	The pilot yelled back at Daniel .
tr	NN	The page reloaded to reveal the top bid had climbed to $ 1500 .
tr	NNS	" Mystery novels , " she replied .
tr	NNS	Things escalated and that was that .
tr	NNS	Four apartments were completely destroyed , eleven severely damaged , nearly thirty families homeless until cleanup and restoration .
tr	NNS	His juror picks did not guarantee a win for us , but they were the right picks to hear Gillard Shutter 's insanity defense .
tr	NN	The stimulation his body was getting made his blood run hot to the very places that her skin touched his .
tr	NN	Some miracle , he thought , tapping his fingers on the cutting pad on his desk .
tr	NNS	Whenever he seems to gain the upper hand in our fight , his actions become rushed and sloppy , something I can use to my advantage .
tr	NN	Your master is quite peculiar . "
tr	NN	A ruthless pinch made me start forward .
tr	NNS	The other pirates crowded around him and filled their pouches as well .
tr	NNS	Others used the trust of the kind and the just for their own desires .
tr	NN	This man 's aura made colors grow brighter by sharp measure when they got close to him .
tr	NN	Part of trust is belief . "
tr	NN	This operation 's success rests heavily on you and your people .
tr	NN	Down there , another werewolf had paired with a vampire female .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , DNA tests tended to involve needles and poking , which he didn 't think would do much to improve Bradley 's current disposition .
tr	NN	The dragon moved to the center of the clearing as it stalked Kane .
tr	NNS	Just as she 'd thought , there was a visage over the cloud , faceless head peering down on the dueling men .
tr	NN	The small observation was an insight more powerful than words .
tr	NN	" Your reputation has taken a bit of a stomping since last year .
tr	NN	In the whir of activity a land rider came so close it nearly shaved off my arm .
tr	NNS	Things that physics and math and crap that gets measured in a lab can 't explain .
tr	NN	Your T-shirt , for instance , I can see every individual thread .
tr	NN	He hadn 't tried anything else , stuck with a vague certainty that he was right about the password being Stella 's birthday .
tr	NNS	" The invaders came from across the mountains .
tr	NN	His explanation only provoked tears in Karen 's eyes .
tr	NN	Then with a small click the locking mechanism released and the door was free to be pushed open .
tr	NN	What balance are you two talking about ? "
tr	NN	Even Emma 's theory of souls crossing until something is resolved backs up his theory .
tr	NN	My fiction writing is only since my retirement .
tr	NN	There is a limit to my patience . "
tr	NNS	Two full rows of teeth gleamed in the sunshine ; that was a promising start .
tr	NNS	Rabbinic scholars say it lasted for four centuries until its destruction in the sixth century BCE .
tr	NN	" Hold on , " his father-in-law stopped him .
tr	NNS	Romulus held up parchment sheets .
tr	NN	Upon seeing him stumbling up the stairs , the captain shouted .
tr	NNS	Rufus and I met for about twenty minutes , exchanging information on a number of issues , including the roof incident .
tr	NNS	The grenades detonations killed , injured and stunned the attackers within their proximity .
tr	NN	My creative writing teacher writes to get noticed .
tr	NNS	Her mother bows deeper then shimmers into a mist .
tr	NN	" And then the goat got out . "
tr	NN	" The Shadowhunter who Marks you will be your partner , and I 'm not fighting in the battle . "
tr	NNS	Others are taking it over , now , although she raised her objections in the beginning . "
tr	NNS	There are no fights or quarrels .
tr	NN	The silent , distant acknowledgment of each other 's presence had become a ritual for both of them .
tr	NNS	" Things were different now , since the day I left the Academy . "
tr	NNS	There were definite signs of conflict .
tr	NNS	Hearing their names mentioned , the twins cooed and stamped their feet , wanting out of their playpen prison .
tr	NN	Having a sister was just too new a concept to truly seep into his thoughts .
tr	NNS	" Even the colors were different . "
tr	NN	The squid grew larger .
tr	NNS	Only certain members of the Palace Guard visited that section ; it was off-limits to everyone else .
tr	NN	The dust storms were clearing , the molten lava was cooling .
tr	NNS	The bookshelves had been tipped over , their contents scattered .
tr	NNS	Things just got worse and worse !
tr	NN	The Power he held inside dwarfed that light .
tr	NN	The dwarf took a deep breath , and , for the first time in a long time , he told the truth .
tr	NNS	The drones amicably made room for Alexia to sit , standing prettily while she did so .
tr	NNS	Maybe three pairs were usable .
tr	NN	At the same time the first Assassin caught up and attacked .
tr	NN	At each stop , the routine was the same .
tr	NNS	Doors and window shutters on the small , thatched cottages stood free , slamming open and closed in the breeze .
tr	NNS	All work ideas evaporated as Claire entered the site .
tr	NN	On the other side of the field , near the woods , there was an old-school photo booth lit up with Christmas lights .
tr	NNS	His pupils widened , cat-like , in the dimness .
tr	NN	When John mentioned his project , my publisher leapt in with ideas . "
tr	NN	There was a slight stirring and the young girl was aware .
tr	NN	The saliva hissed when it landed , as if searing the earth with acid .
tr	NNS	The new cameras never showed anything .
tr	NNS	" No , the last two metals don 't follow the same pattern as the basic eight .
tr	NN	During that time her grandmother had died , and Sabrina hadn 't been able to say good-bye .
tr	NN	" Aye , " his uncle affirmed .
tr	NN	By the time they pulled to the next stop , the grumbling of the riders was loud and impossible to ignore .
tr	NNS	Sometimes even the images I got seemed to make no sense .
tr	NNS	There are nice hardwood floors and wood furniture scattered all over the place .
tr	NN	The only lettering he 'd ever seen to compare with it had been the sample of Chinese writing from his Social Studies textbook in the eighth grade .
tr	NN	That little exercise in gross theatricality almost got me killed .
tr	NN	" The bastard has set several foothold traps .
tr	NNS	The consequences are often a lot worse than being turned in to an Enforcer . "
tr	NN	The Fauntleroy ferry , tiny in the distance , was steaming toward Vashon Island .
tr	NN	The greatest knight takes the hardest quest of all : the quest to make yourself a better person .
tr	NNS	Suddenly all our fears were dispelled .
tr	NN	Love stopped in front of his car door .
tr	NNS	His servants were bringing them .
tr	NNS	The two objects collided in midair .
tr	NN	The flashlight , on the other hand , was a real treasure .
tr	NN	The dwarf didn 't have to be told twice .
tr	NN	The roar becomes thunderous , filling up the world with itself , almost like a physical thing , but not in a bad way .
tr	NNS	" No , the risks are too high , and he needs to look after the mares . "
tr	NNS	But my ancestors are from Anaheim .
tr	NN	The teacher was using her pointer to highlight Germany .
tr	NN	" Mr. Douglas and Mr. McDougal , " the weary sergeant addressed them .
tr	NNS	Looks like our paths are going to cross , after all .
tr	NN	" Oh God , I 'm never speaking to you again , " JJ says , darting away .
tr	NN	" The guilt over what happened to his team was too much . "
tr	NNS	The other members of the council seemed to enjoy themselves , dancing and drinking well into the night .
tr	NNS	The cleaners have already been there and whatever scent that may have been left has surely been washed away by the rain by now . "
tr	NN	Grandfather and father waved goodbye one final time and floated away .
tr	NNS	His clients are pretty high profile even for upstate New York standards . "
tr	NN	There was no anonymity for her now .
tr	NNS	The sapphire depths of his much loved eyes bloomed with tears as knowledge slammed into him .
tr	NN	Then , a miracle : she 'd conceived again .
tr	NNS	" There are fees to be a part of the team and she just got this job . "
tr	NNS	" Election meetings , every one of them , " Dan said .
tr	NN	There was a thud by his feet .
tr	NNS	My attempts at fighting disinterest were failing .
tr	NNS	Not all CSA activities are questionable .
tr	NNS	Her siblings were petty and only wanted the throne or what they could grab from the queen 's treasure .
tr	NNS	Waves of mud rose , constantly threatening to swamp the jeep 's occupants .
tr	NN	Put ketchup , mayonnaise and maybe even some mustard on top of the patty , then add some lettuce , tomato , and perhaps an onion .
tr	NN	Clara 's giggle comes to mind .
tr	NN	A stocky young Shadowhunter stood in front of it .
tr	NNS	The other dancers stopped in the middle of changing and looked at her .
tr	NN	Love still didn 't have to play into the equation .
tr	NNS	And werewolves don 't take single individuals prisoner .
tr	NNS	The bright colors made her dark eyes all the more piercing .
tr	NNS	The media will be all over it .
tr	NNS	All the characters in this book are fictitious , and any resemblance to actual persons , living or dead , is purely coincidental .
tr	NNS	Your chances of crashing into something are higher than if you can stay on the road .
tr	NN	Your Grandmother was a very lucky woman to have you looking after her .
tr	NNS	The passengers would have to use binoculars to see us . "
tr	NNS	Cassius used his body to shield me from the flying debris .
tr	NNS	There are plenty downstairs who would jump at the invite . "
tr	NN	A carefree smile lights up his face .
tr	NNS	Girls who barely appeared to have passed the mark to make them women paraded around in cowboy boots , wearing cut-offs so short they were almost obscene .
tr	NNS	Material belongings didn 't matter .
tr	NNS	Minutes later , the gears began moving and the boat swung out and down , suspended by ropes over the water .
tr	NNS	" There were only five eggs .
tr	NNS	Flames billowed around us but we didn 't so much as singe a hair .
tr	NNS	Gramps asked , blotting the corner of his mouth with a napkin .
tr	NN	The elation evaporated when she entered the meeting room .
tr	NNS	The emptiness tearing open inside me was nothing compared with what I knew Daemon was feeling .
tr	NNS	Her juices had a delicate sweetness , musky undertones , and a slight tangy edge that made him want to create more .
tr	NNS	However , after two years of rejection and discouragement , the letters stopped .
tr	NN	That stimulation had affected his brain by providing new experiences and new expectations .
tr	NNS	Driven by instinct , the Snake Bend werewolves circled the two brothers .
tr	NN	" The cancer has spread throughout her abdomen .
tr	NN	An odd purple dusk had fallen , and the church , lit from the inside , looked almost like a blast furnace from the road .
tr	NN	Every limb on me froze .
tr	NN	" Most likely Selene is enjoying a nice game of cat and mouse with him right now .
tr	NNS	Apparently other couples were sneaking out into the woods tonight .
tr	NNS	The fireworks had started .
tr	NN	" But of what value is the meteorite 's association with a known impact ? "
tr	NN	The footman returned with the brandy , and Daniel took a long sip .
tr	NN	Her childish giggle had an honest ring of humor to it this time .
tr	NN	The jar had hieroglyphic writings and trimmings in gold .
tr	NNS	Long metal spikes stuck out from the soles .
tr	NNS	Even worse , she withdrew her hand so quickly , her fingernails scraped along his .
tr	NNS	Sadness was weighing down Bubba 's pale face as he looked at me .
tr	NNS	" Tense situations have a way of shortening tempers .
tr	NN	There was no halo over Dan 's head , no billowy white robe , or choirs of angels .
tr	NNS	Various ferns and tree ferns surrounded the waterfall and clustered in and around the rock faces .
tr	NN	Nelly , the maid , and George looked at each other .
tr	NNS	The two combined made me dangerous for her to be around , and I was putting an end to it all .
tr	NNS	Our leaders laugh and make jokes at receptions in Moscow .
tr	NNS	The stiffness of his back had interfered with his aim .
tr	NNS	There are three possibilities .
tr	NNS	' All the tickets are in here .
tr	NNS	Other passengers around me seemed to be debating the same issue .
tr	NN	The priest looked about helplessly , then turned and quickly left the hall with his cultists close behind him .
tr	NN	A thin trickle of blood dripped from her nose .
tr	NNS	I hear it , " one whispers " I hear it too , " another says .
tr	NN	The blocking of the exit had tripled road congestion to a near halt .
tr	NN	A free stool appeared behind me and next to the bar .
tr	NNS	If so , by staying in the water and the sky , hopefully the Jets could partially negate the rival club 's advantages .
tr	NNS	However , these churches were only a church in name .
tr	NNS	Screams of agony assaulted his ears , followed quickly by eerie laughter .
tr	NN	There was a clatter behind him .
tr	NNS	Since telephone lines carry their own power and could function during a power outage , these backup batteries made sense .
tr	NNS	In her head , calculations continued to run as a mental timer ticked down .
tr	NN	He buried his face in her hair , his compassionate whisper a plea , a soothing ointment for her wayward thoughts .
tr	NNS	The handlers were another story , reacting as if a wild animal had wandered into the castle and was about to lay waste to the place .
tr	NNS	The ' personal effects ' and ' circumstances ' the Sheriff had referred to the first time she 'd spoken with him .
tr	NNS	Sentinels stand at each of the seven gates , commanded by the gods to guard against the spirits that try to break out of Akasha .
tr	NNS	When Ronan and Lorcan hit , blades turning the air hot , it screams shrilly , then launches itself backwards , defeated .
tr	NNS	We losers are the ones who need you . "
tr	NN	Whatever the case , a giggle sounds funny in the otherwise still night .
tr	NN	Love liked one song in particular .
tr	NNS	The dolphins continued to entertain us .
tr	NNS	The little freaks are now pulling the girl 's skin towards me .
tr	NNS	Diggs was still wet from the rain , two days ' beard growth on his chin and his face gaunt with fatigue .
tr	NN	All that mattered was getting rid of him before it was too late .
tr	NN	The tip of the blade digs into my neck deeper .
tr	NN	Behind him the infamous castle loomed , grim and foreboding .
tr	NNS	My lies were spinning into a clusterfuck , but I couldn 't stop .
tr	NN	Her yellow sweater burned like a flame in the gray air .
tr	NNS	There are already some news bites about visitors staying in the area .
tr	NNS	Her lies hadn 't really affected his life at all , although he was friends with her brothers .
tr	NNS	" The creatures you see here are minions , soldiers and servants .
tr	NN	The art is appealing , hyper-realistic paintings of wine bottles and glasses , each larger than life and brimming with color .
tr	NNS	The media lost interest and he was left to his own devices .
tr	NNS	" My work is being neglected , my classes abandoned . "
tr	NNS	His actions this evening would save the lives of his family , or they would cost him his own life .
tr	NNS	Could rats even feel ashamed ?
tr	NN	The hunger inside Iona flared , and her stomach rumbled .
tr	NN	The rope around his waist meant not only that his friends would help him in case of a cave-in .
tr	NN	A porter served coffee , and Mitch spread the Washington Post before him .
tr	NN	His charm was weakening me .
tr	NN	And the Chandler brothers ' coin toss had certainly mixed up her life and emotions in a way she 'd never imagined possible .
tr	NN	" There 's no spark with Tim , and I can 't keep pretending there is . "
tr	NNS	Nervous butterflies swarmed my stomach by the hundreds as I considered everything I was going to have to do for this to work .
tr	NNS	Like your actions were completely beyond your control .
tr	NNS	The three band members and six groupies look confused , so Sean explained .
tr	NNS	Even Dean 's corny love letters would work against him .
tr	NNS	My instincts almost never steered me wrong .
tr	NN	" Surely a master always does so , hence his title .
tr	NN	History is not your playground . "
tr	NN	The redhead stared at me for a long minute .
tr	NN	Yet , at that moment , his lack of skill didn 't matter .
tr	NN	Any time Stone neared him , he went to the principal 's office , and it never went well for him .
tr	NN	The senator had run that family with a drunken fist .
tr	NN	The guilt of that festered inside Acheron like an open wound he knew would never heal .
tr	NNS	The armrests are much thicker since they need controls built in .
tr	NNS	My organs felt like they 'd been twisted into a thousand ragged knots inside me .
tr	NNS	All competitors shared the one ring and the same three or four fences for warm-up .
tr	NNS	Usually prospective members are more than eager to join . "
tr	NN	Love pressed the key .
tr	NN	The gargoyle stretched his arms wide .
tr	NNS	And to his practiced eye , these designs looked fresh and different .
tr	NN	Caleb 's squad would go inside the factory right after the 3rd platoon and the rest would follow .
tr	NN	A fresh bundle of logs sat on the grate in the fireplace .
tr	NN	The hatch bursts open and more officers emerge , sprinting to the four corners of the roof and laying down on their stomachs .
tr	NNS	But his hopes , his dreams , his work , lived on in me .
tr	NN	Your prognosis hasn 't changed . "
tr	NN	" What is your command , Great Leader ? "
tr	NNS	The creatures have finally stabilized their shapes and have mostly managed to settle down .
tr	NN	The purity of sunlight did not give birth to that stone .
tr	NN	The angel shared Lakshmi 's fire , promising that I would be doing the right thing .
tr	NNS	Any dang ideas of marriage in your head better fly out of the window fast , Mr. Rodriquez ! "
tr	NN	" Evil has many shades , some of them quite beautiful , " the elder priest explained .
tr	NN	Our only defense is guerrilla warfare , so we 've been divided into groups .
tr	NN	The winch reeled back in , and Sanya stepped up to the door .
tr	NNS	Faded paint chips were peeling away from the body , and a few had already scattered on the ground .
tr	NN	A low chuckle left Anna 's lips as she stared down at her hands .
tr	NNS	Below a certain point all temperatures feel about the same and -10 is about that tipping point .
tr	NN	This van didn 't show any signs inside that it had been used by a butcher or a baker .
tr	NNS	The colours in my Noise go different .
tr	NNS	Moses asked when they had shaken left hands .
tr	NN	Earlier , the captain had called her into his office .
tr	NN	Jazz fixed on a woman who was standing very still , watching luggage bump its way around the segmented track .
tr	NNS	" Lights , " the Oracle announced .
tr	NN	" The chief elder at the time wouldn 't hear of it .
tr	NN	A budget should help you understand KCL 's employees and client base better . "
tr	NN	If his biological parents didn 't want him , their stupidity was our gain .
tr	NN	Another werewolf walked up , causing Daryl to growl low in his throat .
tr	NN	The senator said casually , " By the way , Oliver , I was very disappointed that your legislature passed that tobacco tax bill . "
tr	NN	Link nods , and he holds the bucket up so the horse can stick his nose in it .
tr	NN	The malice in her tone as she refers to Luca is astounding and I can 't wrap my mind around it .
tr	NN	Nor did the log indicate that Mrs. Chamberlain had had to rearm the alarm system after the power snapped back on .
tr	NNS	The other characters and the setting blend together .
tr	NNS	About three quarters of a mile radius from the henge stood a line of people .
tr	NNS	Those gangs really do give the devil his due .
tr	NN	His large tail fins drape over the chair and rest on the rocky ground , waiting for her to continue .
tr	NN	Understanding and something more turned his expression warm and soft .
tr	NNS	" Folks come and go and park wherever they like . "
tr	NN	Her entry into the real world and interactions with people lead her to salvation .
tr	NNS	The footsteps were loud , so whoever it was out there was not trying to sneak up on anybody .
tr	NN	Before I could react , the artifact jumped out of my hand into the hole .
tr	NN	" A miracle , " he said .
tr	NN	A fresh hundred dollar bill , and he whisked us in the opposite direction of the hotel .
tr	NNS	Horus observed Beth like she were an interesting specimen in a scientific experiment .
tr	NN	Thunder and lightning crackled above us , driving home my point .
tr	NNS	Inside the canoes were the wedding couples .
tr	NNS	The ogres began to systematically impale any knights who had managed to push beyond the first line of defense .
tr	NN	There was a strangled cry , a loud clang as something crashed into the dumpster and then quiet .
tr	NNS	One minute Amber had been feeling that everything was right in the world .
tr	NN	What 's your email ? "
tr	NNS	Things were going so well and with the added bonus of finding out he had a son to his own true love .
tr	NN	The receptionist was pleasant and professional ; the waiters were all middle-aged men who served with a European formality and reserve .
tr	NNS	The iron gates opened , and she glimpsed the wicked name of the mine before it split in two and swung wide .
tr	NNS	But the tightness in her chest , her inability to take a breath when she heard Heath had come solo did surprise her .
tr	NNS	These days harsh consequences follow those who stand out in a crowd . "
tr	NNS	Your aunts got rid of him , Kate told Cosmo about his behavior and Cosmo reinstated your mother 's care and made certain he stayed gone . "
tr	NNS	The binoculars loosened and Ida began untangling the mess .
tr	NNS	Others were adamant that I fell off a Jet Ski and was hit by a boat , rendering me unconscious .
tr	NN	" An intruder is scary . "
tr	NNS	Wherever he went , mass media went with him , magazines , newspapers , TV , radio .
tr	NNS	You called a few times , sent a few emails , then nothing .
tr	NNS	Others wanted to party all the time . "
tr	NNS	Suddenly shots broke the silence and we saw the captain looking frantically around and shooting blindly into the thick bushes .
tr	NNS	Lights shone from the inside , and a hand-painted wooden sign on the front post said The Wander Inn .
tr	NN	" A pitcher of water would be nice .
tr	NNS	all the training sessions I 've done with Master Gideon , they just took over and , well - " " Well , what ?
tr	NNS	Flames stole along the floor , threatening to destroy the only hope they had .
tr	NN	The bedside lamp cast a warm pink glow because of the pink bulb and sheer scarf over the shade .
tr	NNS	Words cannot adequately express my gratitude to these two adorable and loving brothers .
tr	NNS	Others want her dead .
tr	NNS	My chest presses against his arm as my breathing accelerates and his eyes focus on my lips .
tr	NN	That innocence didn 't exist in him anymore and the events of the past few weeks seemed to have aged him ten years .
tr	NN	From somewhere in the shop , there is a deafening crash , followed by a brief pause , then another loud crash .
tr	NN	In her palm rested a shard of ashy stone .
tr	NNS	Bugs had laid low for the past several days , for obvious reasons .
tr	NN	" Then , we will be married , " the captain suggested .
tr	NN	The roar of the crowd was just as deafening as last year and the lights were just as bright .
tr	NNS	The mystic yellow globes of light overhead showing up the monstrous , projected shadows of last summer 's battalion of dead flies .
tr	NN	Tentatively , the porter reached out and scratched Kane under the chin .
tr	NNS	All the comforts of your basic five star resort . "
tr	NN	Your reputation precedes you . "
tr	NNS	Flowers wound their way up the tree trunks toward the light , and moss and lichen crawled up the bark and over branches as well .
tr	NNS	Her hands were clumsy , her movements awkward as she furiously whisked the egg whites .
tr	NN	The swelling illumination began to fill the room .
tr	NNS	The Huguenot recruits get lots of practice on moving targets .
tr	NN	The first giggle started a moment later .
tr	NN	An angry tirade rose in the upstairs hall .
tr	NN	The Sheriff who hadn 't expressed any interest in the countless women tossed his way .
tr	NN	Once you became their prey , the hunt did not end until the quarry was dead .
tr	NNS	In its death throes , the jaws continued to open and close , for a time , then it was still .
tr	NN	Love grabbed the handle and shook the door .
tr	NNS	" There are no innocents in this world . "
tr	NNS	Her blonde locks bounced angrily with her bobbing head as she walked the shoes to the ornate bronze trash can in the kitchen .
tr	NNS	" There are also other creatures , similar to Witches and Warlocks , that hold special purposes .
tr	NNS	The more tactful and alert you are from the start the better your chances will be .
tr	NN	A low chuckle escaped me .
tr	NNS	Things he was proud of .
tr	NNS	Things with Will have been sorta delayed .
tr	NN	And the whipped cream that stuck to her upper lip annihilated it altogether .
tr	NNS	In the jars are rats , floating in liquid .
tr	NN	The female script inside makes me cringe and the words make me see red .
tr	NN	There was an innocence about her , yet her eyes were old .
tr	NNS	A few nurses gave him long , lingering looks .
tr	NNS	My accommodations are good enough for ordinary travellers , but they 're hardly suitable for the gentry . "
tr	NNS	The chances of you finding your soul mate so fast are slim to none .
tr	NN	What did her cape reveal ? "
tr	NN	What genius made that call ?
tr	NNS	Any and all objections faded away .
tr	NNS	Ted 's butterflies seemed to have decided to stay a while longer and he knew that Joe would be getting suspicious soon .
tr	NNS	Others followed , several approaching Mir at once .
tr	NN	Was going back to school still an option after all she had learned ?
tr	NN	Another roar flew out of him as his name slipped past her lips .
tr	NN	Damn unlucky for him one of those few occasions happened to be now , when they were all around to witness the final implosion of his marriage .
tr	NN	The conflict between them brought tears to her eyes , as she could almost feel the emotional heartbreak coming off the pages .
tr	NNS	Once again , several cats collected on the windowsill .
tr	NNS	In the meantime all the captives had boarded and had paddles .
tr	NNS	Two ladies behind a sales counter were giggling at them .
tr	NNS	His hands whipped up , wrists crisscrossed , his fingers hammering at the triggers as his arms moved , left going right , right going left .
tr	NN	As he watched , the page began to glow , and within the glow , a map of Constantinople revealed itself .
tr	NN	The association flitted through his mind .
tr	NNS	Others , the ones who were still mortal , brandished knives .
tr	NNS	Hands grasped my shoulders .
tr	NNS	Sirens are the most trustworthy , provided you give them what they want . "
tr	NNS	But there are probably patrols waiting for us .
tr	NNS	Lots of people running alone , hiking away from others .
tr	NNS	All characters and events in this publication are fictitious , and any resemblance to real persons , living or dead , or real events are entirely coincidental .
tr	NN	" Good , " the captain replies stiffly before moving on with the other Patriots and his own patrol .
tr	NN	A grimace pulled across my face .
tr	NNS	More zombies appeared at the shattered window .
tr	NNS	Words floated by her in ragged scraps .
tr	NN	Our infantry , though outnumbered , are highly motivated and better trained than the rebel draftees .
tr	NN	There was a benefit to not owning much .
tr	NN	" But why must all the nations be at war ? "
tr	NNS	High cliffs along both sides broke the waves , creating a soft , distant roar .
tr	NNS	There are bits of me that only you can share .
tr	NN	Been interesting chatting backstage .
tr	NNS	His kisses became more yearning and urgent .
tr	NNS	Thankfully , the cameras didn 't catch that .
tr	NN	The Death of Rats nodded .
tr	NNS	Lots of things are different nowadays , much different than when my guardian were kids , I think .
tr	NN	Because nothing created chaos quite like a child in need .
tr	NN	Terror seized her as she sprang over to drop at her mother 's side .
tr	NN	The surgeon repeated what he had said and took hold of Alex 's hand .
tr	NN	Automatically , a video began to play .
tr	NN	There was a roar from the watchers .
tr	NN	The icon will turn up , Father .
tr	NNS	There aren 't many flat areas amongst the rocks .
tr	NN	An unexpected sobering poured through me .
tr	NNS	Others murmur and repeat the amen .
tr	NN	The senator had never met a man so deeply proud of his wife and children .
tr	NNS	Soldiers or laborers would come to him with petitions and quarrels and dutifully he would relate them all to Hugh .
tr	NNS	The figures closed ranks tightly against them .
tr	NNS	Marius turned and walked down the hill , toward the doors .
tr	NN	Fearful another wolf had caught the scent of the blood , the dwarf dove under the bed .
tr	NN	The ambassador paused and asked , " What are you referring to ? "
tr	NNS	Your texts were enough to get them here .
tr	NN	The silver owl swung , but nothing hung from its claws now .
tr	NNS	Things were already so intense with Melissa and I , even though we had only known each other for a number of days .
tr	NN	" Well , young master , as you are versed in this passage 's steps , you can lead us . "
tr	NNS	His independent business practices had cost him several friendships , but as much as he didn 't expect loyalty , he also didn 't give it .
tr	NN	His goal has always been , and will always be , freedom for us all . "
tr	NNS	There were a few sporting goods stores out there .
tr	NNS	At first , the flat panel screens were very dim but quickly they brightened and began relaying a steady stream of information .
tr	NNS	Damen 's nostrils flared .
tr	NNS	" The adult life jackets are on that side of the foyer .
tr	NN	Part of her couldn 't believe she 'd actually said it .
tr	NN	the angel asked , still near .
tr	NN	The three-day anime convention interested me because it promised to be a fascinating people-watching experience .
tr	NN	" My condition is not a problem , and it won 't be for you either .
tr	NNS	His eyelids popped open but soon narrowed to slits .
tr	NNS	His designs are less grand in scale .
tr	NN	Fortunately , the bungee cord he 'd borrowed from Maude had done the trick .
tr	NN	Should be a piece of cake , " the dock operator answered .
tr	NNS	My cousins had run his lineage .
tr	NNS	The huts , in parallel lines , turned to dark shapes and the shadows grew stronger .
tr	NN	A blink of fear flashed through my entire being .
tr	NNS	thought Ion , inwardly dazed as he looked at the giant building that had slowly appeared out of nowhere .
tr	NN	The soothing crash and thunder of hard alternative rock eased the tension out of her muscles .
tr	NNS	Suspicious by nature , she 'd demanded a background check , an idea Ruth had bluntly rejected .
tr	NN	Barely visible under a far candle was the copper glint of someone 's hair .
tr	NNS	Our blades clang together , as our boots danced back and forth in the dirt .
tr	NNS	" The chocolates were a test ? "
tr	NN	An iPod was on the pillow along with an overturned magazine about cars .
tr	NN	A moment later , the timbre of the engine rose , rocks ground under turning tires , and darkness fell back over the canyon .
tr	NNS	Looks like we 've got some brave souls fighting on our side . "
tr	NNS	Things , he felt , could only improve .
tr	NNS	Several more elves dropped down ropes and then tied the ropes together to make a bridge .
tr	NNS	Alexis drove back to the hotel and sat down on the bed .
tr	NNS	Maks and two others accomplished the task while two men stood guard .
tr	NNS	The few small kisses they 'd shared had been nice but nothing like what he felt now .
tr	NN	The dart which hit her had poison on it , and if not attended immediately , could get her killed .
tr	NNS	Kris made a clicking sound with his cheek , " Well , I would have thought you would have known , being the favorite and all . "
tr	NN	The notion seemed misplaced given her current mess , but she didn 't have much else left .
tr	NN	All our Master Wizards sign a contract with Grey House , when they are elevated to Master Wizard status .
tr	NN	A small sliver of light emerges from the line under my closet door , and I head on over .
tr	NNS	My values , they are unchanging .
tr	NNS	Things feel normal for a second .
tr	NNS	The meal ideas are recommendations and the snack ideas are suggestions ? "
tr	NN	" The student does not question the teacher .
tr	NN	The sympathy in his eyes is like another blow , for of course he knows of this misery firsthand .
tr	NNS	There were no road signs of any kind , and they had had to stop and ask directions several times .
tr	NN	Over two thousand years back a Bird Prophet used to say : ' Go and sin no more .
tr	NN	These plant monsters all yelled his name when they died . "
tr	NN	The assault was so sudden that Harlan instantly went for his holster .
tr	NNS	The hover bikes fall back , surrounding the craft that Blythe has blown a few holes into behind us .
tr	NN	And the armoire was custom-made by an artisan in central Pennsylvania .
tr	NN	The moody little contraption got a hit on the second attempt .
tr	NN	Tiny LED lights race up the railings on either side of the stairs , and a thin row of lights mark the front of each step .
tr	NNS	Okay , her instincts had been right .
tr	NN	And possibly vice versa . "
tr	NN	Thinking of his interrogations made me shudder .
tr	NNS	His emails appeared in three different categories , and he was eager to check his personal one .
tr	NN	' And that 's good for him , ' the lieutenant said .
tr	NN	A ritual can be as simple as bowing one 's head before a meal , chanting a certain phrase , or removing footwear .
tr	NNS	The footsteps had stopped .
tr	NN	The terrifying absence of everything crept through me , stilling each thought it rolled over .
tr	NNS	Did those damn pirates really try to kill me ? "
tr	NN	And Gino 's number one thug was heading out .
tr	NN	To make a long story short , a treaty several decades back changed the borderline , and his family 's property landed on our side .
tr	NN	The tip swung down and dug into the earth .
tr	NN	" No pun intended . "
tr	NN	At this crucial point however , from the south sailed another fleet , deployed in one line .
tr	NNS	All Things Pass . '
tr	NNS	Frightening possibilities loomed up in my mind .
tr	NN	His grim determination overwhelms my nausea , and we move forward .
tr	NNS	' Few bits - ' Terri leaned forward , aghast .
tr	NN	Then , surprisingly , the captain smiled .
tr	NN	The belt buckle was small to fit her size , a flat silver , sturdy , with what appeared to be a sunburst carved into it .
tr	NN	Frothy , warm ale flowed onto her hand .
tr	NNS	The privileges of being a realtor 's daughter are few and far between .
tr	NNS	The nations of the earth were watching the worlds two mightiest military powers square up to each other , their minds turned to self preservation .
tr	NNS	" What are the chances of death , in your opinion ? "
tr	NN	His low chuckle only heightened her desire .
tr	NNS	There are many unexpected twists and turns in the tale that will surprise nearly everyone .
tr	NN	The consensus among Bowman and his rebel crew had been immediate , and the plot to grab the reclusive scientist was put into motion .
tr	NNS	The ancestors were still trying to regain their strength .
tr	NNS	The elevator shudders to a stop and silence takes over .
tr	NNS	The androids didn 't read human body language well or pick up on verbal cues .
tr	NN	Ice cream splattered across her bib .
tr	NNS	Things have been very emotional since my dad passed away in a car accident , and the last thing my mom needs is an ungrateful daughter .
tr	NNS	The more Rawlings thought about it the more secure he felt about being able to gain his brothers favor .
tr	NN	His crown slipped down over his eyes again , and he tilted his head back so that he could peer out from under its rim .
tr	NN	Part of the halftime show ?
tr	NN	Part of him considered doing just that .
tr	NNS	My emails are the only thing keeping me sane .
tr	NN	The session continued for another hour or so , and it proved to be just as eventful .
tr	NN	My instinct told me no , but how could I really trust that ?
tr	NNS	The six competitors with the most hearts at the end of the hour will advance .
tr	NN	The gunfire had stopped .
tr	NNS	The twins were grinning when we were done and Devin and Grace were smiling the whole time they shopped with me .
tr	NN	" The gas that comes out of rotting trees in swamps also lies under the ground in beds of coal .
tr	NNS	Locked glass cabinets held remnants from the Civil War or the War of Northern Aggression as Mrs. Jacobs called it in her tenth grade history class .
tr	NNS	Your letters are all that keep me going since Theresa died .
tr	NNS	Off to the right there was a bare mattress pushed up against the wall with a blanket that was rumpled and dirty .
tr	NNS	There were too many realities she didn 't want to examine .
tr	NN	Lynette 's innocence and purity destroyed him .
tr	NNS	There was kindness blended with her coldness .
tr	NNS	The footsteps got nearer .
tr	NNS	Reyes had saved her , but he 'd taken a beating for his efforts .
tr	NN	" How was your vacation ?
tr	NN	With great difficulty the tramp sat up and drew a very precise plan of all the concealed water pipes on the blank piece of paper .
tr	NN	An ugly purple bruise had formed above his eye where he fell , and his lips were swollen .
tr	NN	That last bullet jogged the keys from my hand as I reached for the door of the Benz .
tr	NN	The committee looked on in wonder .
tr	NN	Or is the glamour too strong to get a scent ? "
tr	NNS	Myles remembered the stories Mia had shared with her friend at school .
tr	NN	Her pulse was racing as his lips found hers once more .
tr	NNS	His boxers only retained a trace of dampness .
tr	NN	" Huge appreciation for them , " he said , then paused .
tr	NN	The fame was so marvelous and so sudden that she was constantly lightheaded , and continued to make mistakes in the successive performances of Faust .
tr	NNS	" Things like that . "
tr	NNS	No visitors for at least ten minutes was the unspoken rule .
tr	NN	The coroner didn 't have the luxury of working with just the confirmed murder cases , but had to examine anything unexpected or suspicious .
tr	NN	" I think we 're through here for now , " the principal announces , standing to shake hands with Dad .
tr	NN	All those consumed hatred vanished at once .
tr	NN	That seed will grow into the disarray we need .
tr	NN	The priest was in the middle of a retaliatory lunge at impact , the crashing of the two bodies thudding violently .
tr	NN	The captain waved him over .
tr	NN	" Are you really over bein ' mad that Tessa didn 't tell her family about gettin ' married ? "
tr	NNS	Day leaned against the wall , thumbs looped loosely in his jeans pockets , and waited for her to finish .
tr	NNS	These creatures bathe in moonlight , dark creatures of the night .
tr	NNS	Those pigs are awfully tasty that way .
tr	NNS	Our family lands are pretty extensive , and we have a huge house out there .
tr	NN	There was another thud and then Tink stared into my eyes .
tr	NNS	Not even the purses displayed in the Anderson 's Accessories window had changed ; for a second it felt like the past two months hadn 't happened .
tr	NNS	Many later philosophers adopted ideas , methods , or values from this movement , including the Americans Donald Davidson , Hilary Putnam , and Saul Kripke .
tr	NNS	Each band members would essentially provide support for his model who , would lean backwards against his chest stretching out a leg .
tr	NNS	They swung it in wide sweeps , the sharp horns did the rest .
tr	NN	The mob pipes down .
tr	NN	A slight exaggeration , but Lindy wasn 't desperate - at least she wouldn 't be if she found a job reasonably soon .
tr	NN	In the center of the room was a small , round pedestal , six inches high .
tr	NN	If Stuart but only knew how ironic he was being right now , Love thought .
tr	NNS	Two attendants squeaked in .
tr	NNS	" Three floors isn 't that big a fall .
tr	NN	That timid secretary robot he had once been now seemed like a contemptible insect creeping around in some other world .
tr	NNS	Egwene hesitated , still looking over the Sitters , their seats arranged around the outer platform , equally spaced .
tr	NN	" Our anniversary 's coming up .
tr	NNS	The three minds started to walk away , after their troops .
tr	NNS	Civic leaders praised his humanitarian efforts .
tr	NN	" Well , the bitch got what she wanted , and then acted horrified when it was done , like she didn 't secretly want it .
tr	NNS	Though there were magical wards around the house to keep supernatural enemies away , locks and keys never hurt .
tr	NNS	Their blades ground apart , and now they were moving across the floor in a blur of feints and slashes .
tr	NNS	Occasionally lightning flares erupted in the distant sky , followed immediately with an earth-shaking thunderclap .
tr	NN	My pulse began to race as I continued to read , the bedroom dissolving around me .
tr	NN	' You seem to know a lot about it , ' Love said .
tr	NN	As she hugged them both and headed down the hall toward the spa entrance , something Erica asked her at lunch kept running through her mind .
tr	NN	' But the beacon 's continuing regardless .
tr	NNS	The car-park shots weren 't down until next week . "
tr	NNS	Rapid splashing footsteps accompanied by a pair of glowing , red eyes betray the imminent attack as Mai instructs Rift to dodge .
tr	NNS	Waves and things . '
tr	NN	At the time , revenge was all I could focus on .
tr	NNS	Things seemed normal again , back on course .
tr	NN	Achieve the goal and the virus purges itself .
tr	NNS	When Cindy arrived , the cameras rolled , and she told that story while her counterpart nodded incessantly to let viewers know that she was listening .
tr	NN	The Palace of Fontainebleau was even bigger than St. James .
tr	NN	Before he could say more , the gap in the fence appeared on their right .
tr	NNS	Lots of other things a lot of kids aren 't getting .
tr	NN	A pendant shaped like my spider rune was the centerpiece of the design , with each delicate link in the chain also shaped like my symbol .
tr	NN	Such a beautiful eternity awaited her here .
tr	NN	The coke splashed so violently in her hand , she had trouble holding on to it , and again it covered her sleeve .
tr	NNS	" No signs of enemy ships , sir , " said Lance .
tr	NNS	There was a noticeably vast emptiness in her eyes .
tr	NN	A rustle then small animals take off from the flower trumpets and scatter in all directions flapping their membranous wings .
tr	NNS	Girls kept their distance because he might turn on them and cut them down .
tr	NN	The leader leaned over and said , " God told us to come here .
tr	NN	" What is the status of our influence with the commission ? "
tr	NNS	Rufus cracked a smile and extended his hand .
tr	NNS	The Police didn 't seem to happy about that though . "
tr	NNS	The consequences are the problem .
tr	NN	Just as he was about to leave the house , the television clicked off .
tr	NN	An obnoxious giggle was building in her throat .
tr	NN	The following morning Lara appeared at the Manhattan School of Music .
tr	NNS	As I struggled to break free , two figures darted out of the tunnel .
tr	NNS	The drug 's effects were still potent enough to keep her immobile .
tr	NNS	There were no signs of buildings around her and it was very quiet , even though it seemed to be about mid-afternoon .
tr	NN	A choir of elves , all dressed in green , entered the grove from the West , singing .
tr	NNS	The creatures slid down the inner bank , gaining distance .
tr	NNS	Two figures stepped inside .
tr	NNS	Looks like you were zoning there for a second . "
tr	NNS	Certainly , the concocted explanations of the scientist regarding his employment seemed at best ludicrous to him now .
tr	NNS	Some pilgrims closed their eyes trying to catch the visions .
tr	NN	But a sliver of doubt wormed its way into her mind .
tr	NNS	" Two frequencies , four covalent bonds . "
tr	NNS	But at least not all my hopes were dead .
tr	NNS	His eyelids fluttered as death beckoned to him .
tr	NNS	Animals respect strength . "
tr	NN	Immediately , a waterfall of sand fell from the ceiling , sounding like the shhhh of a hundred women .
tr	NN	The pilot said , " Where are we going ? "
tr	NNS	Elias thought about that .
tr	NN	The tip was wet with his cum .
tr	NNS	The scenes come up in little boxes on the screen .
tr	NN	A panel slid open , exposing a set of buttons .
tr	NN	Surely , a race of aliens from another planet would be exceptionally advanced , right ?
tr	NN	A waterfall , and what looked like a lazy river , comprised one entire wall .
tr	NNS	Hands went up , kids started yelling , " Me , me , me ! "
tr	NNS	Only in the past few years had they started hanging around scarcely populated areas , becoming bolder through sheer numbers and the use of magic .
tr	NNS	There better not be any cameras around my face .
tr	NNS	" You would look enchanting in green , " said the man holding the reins .
tr	NN	The petite brunette who answered the door couldn 't have been more than five feet tall , if that , and seemed to be around sixty .
tr	NN	- Your daddy said you go to company dance course .
tr	NN	" Well , the sentiment was the same .
tr	NN	A low growl rolled down the hill , a warning and a triumph .
tr	NN	An anniversary is approaching , dear Ruth , but it is not the one we usually celebrate .
tr	NNS	Chills spread through her .
tr	NNS	Maybe the cameras are watching .
tr	NN	The witness cleared his throat and fiddled with the sheet , obviously uncomfortable .
tr	NN	The girl final y smiled .
tr	NN	Its core resides in the Queen , but it is in you also . ' "
tr	NNS	Its contents scattered across the stage , along with shredded pieces of tin .
tr	NNS	Other people 's family fights were not Shadowhunter business .
tr	NN	' One sec , Nora , ' Julie calls back .
tr	NN	" Love rarely does .
tr	NNS	Under closer examination , the classes his uncle had enrolled him in were really advanced .
tr	NNS	" There 's something irresistible about humans , isn 't there ? "
tr	NNS	Rand 's curses blistered her ears .
tr	NN	The knight was about to use the tip of his spear as a throwing knife .
tr	NN	Love bred the best kind of familiarity .
tr	NNS	Cars are my life , especially fast ones . "
tr	NNS	There 's a lightness to the way he lands on his feet , a certain grace , that 's instantly recognizable .
tr	NNS	God , her tits are beautiful .
tr	NNS	Her birthdays had always come and gone without much fanfare .
tr	NN	The knight grabbed Percival , hauling him to his feet , madly kicking the rest of the dead thing away .
tr	NNS	Even your grandparents don 't know about this cocoon .
tr	NNS	Those powerful hits didn 't always help because he 'd blast the ball out of bounds .
tr	NN	" Don 't you look nice , " her landlord said , startling her .
tr	NNS	The ghosts were still there and coming fast .
tr	NNS	The recruits wore ridiculous thick padding to ensure no one got hurt .
tr	NN	" Later , sweetheart , " Dustin said , just as Aiden replied , " Later . "
tr	NNS	Even so , moss and fungi covered the rocks and felled trees and other decaying plant life , making the obstacles slippery and deceptively dangerous .
tr	NN	From the deepest of deep red to an impenetrable , inky blackness .
tr	NNS	Many possible explanations for that constraint had occurred to Laurence during the two weeks aboard the transport , most of them unpleasant .
tr	NNS	Those early experiences with the reverend had left too many scars .
tr	NN	Resembling Fidel Castro but not actually him , the madman was nonetheless an enigmatic being ; a force he feared was greater than him .
tr	NN	A golden funnel was on the table next to the bowl .
tr	NNS	Their kisses grew even wilder , even fiercer .
tr	NN	There was a hush , then loud applause from the audience as Philip Adler walked out on the stage , elegant in white tie and tails .
tr	NN	" A very interesting development has just occurred .
tr	NNS	And if they were lying , their lies had no influence or connection to his life .
tr	NN	My grandma noticed my depression and was worried for me .
tr	NNS	" There aren 't any ghosts . "
tr	NNS	Smith 's supporters cheered with excitement , but the vast population was thrust into shocked disbelief .
tr	NN	Each possessive stroke of his hand claimed me has his .
tr	NN	My grandmother walks back toward the kitchen and I remove my jacket and head to the laundry room without offering to take Lake 's .
tr	NN	Then the clarity was gone , washed out with the pain , and any second thoughts about the wink would have to wait .
tr	NNS	Suspicious held up his hand and the others fell silent .
tr	NNS	The floors were concrete , for that easy to hose down feel .
tr	NN	The squid blinked back , twice .
tr	NNS	Looks like Grandma Vera 's got a late inning rally working for her .
tr	NNS	The clients were easy to spot , slowing their cars down as they approached the corner and looking around nervously .
tr	NNS	Hands gripped my shoulder and I felt his breath against my ear before he whispered .
tr	NNS	The cleaning ladies were still standing on the corner , chatting .
tr	NN	" I 'm sorry , " his partner whispered the words , but Duncan heard him perfectly .
tr	NNS	Lots of dark and heavy wood , velvet lined chairs , and Persian rugs on the floors .
tr	NNS	The triangles didn 't fall into place on their own though , so I was still exposed .
tr	NN	His biggest challenge sat in his favorite recliner , making herself at home in his apartment .
tr	NN	But this weeping wasn 't a nymph 's style .
tr	NN	Where 's the goddamned flashlight ? "
tr	NNS	Meanwhile , in front of us , our two theater buddies were laughing up a storm .
tr	NNS	The creatures that neither breed nor breathe .
tr	NN	" There 's a Warlord to see you . "
tr	NNS	The worms ignored John Paul , rushing at her with ravenous appetites for her blood .
tr	NN	" In a shallow grave . "
tr	NNS	Maris knew she wasn 't mistaken about that look .
tr	NNS	The footsteps paused and I heard the bolt being drawn back .
tr	NN	The firelight shone on her skin , golden and perfect , making her look like some radiant goddess of legend .
tr	NN	the dragon asked , ' to answer such a question ? '
tr	NN	The review in the Hollywood Reporter was worse .
tr	NNS	The only items that seemed to be missing were her toothbrush , slippers and a book about pregnancy and birth .
tr	NNS	Our minds kept sharing even in our sleep .
tr	NN	Her warm personality crept through her embrace .
tr	NN	Her only option was to lure the alpha out in the hope of being free from Chain and his all over domination .
tr	NNS	" A few generations back .
tr	NNS	Muscles bunched under the strands .
tr	NNS	Sadness washed over me .
tr	NNS	Girls wearing nothing but bras and panties ran screaming while he sprained his wrist and got suspended for a week .
tr	NN	" But a snake is simply growing , molting off its old skin .
tr	NN	This session would judge how well he could ride in a variety of situations .
tr	NNS	Our actions can affect the happiness of future generations .
tr	NNS	" There 's some eggs in the fridge . "
tr	NNS	Her eyelids flutter and she lets out this cute little moan that gets me a little too excited .
tr	NN	Andy and Samuel had already started nodding off in respective corners of the room , weariness left little room for formal ' good nights ' .
tr	NN	" Storm walked in .
tr	NN	The sergeant of detectives looked inside and then looked down at me with burning eyes .
tr	NNS	At this point , her chances are slim , less than a ten percent chance , and that 's with aggressive action . "
tr	NN	A layer of 21st Century if you will . "
tr	NNS	The tutors stepped off .
tr	NNS	Others will be here shortly . "
tr	NNS	Curious , I am , to hear Padme 's words , " Yoda replied .
tr	NNS	Jewels hang from the ceiling , sparkling in the low light , and my collection of reflections hover on the walls , attached by a thought .
tr	NNS	Things just kept getting worse after that . "
tr	NN	The gas is lighter than air , so if you lay down on the ground you 'll be fine . "
tr	NN	The fresh smells made her stomach grumble .
tr	NN	My grandmother stops screaming and goes still .
tr	NNS	Things 'll work their way through .
tr	NN	The angel made a choked noise .
tr	NN	The doll paused near the door and faced him .
tr	NNS	Warner presses his eyes shut for one second .
tr	NN	Within moments the hunter felt a sharp pain on his backside and leaped to his feet with a shout .
tr	NNS	The duchess could not care less how pleasant or not the marriage had been , and Alistair damn well knew it .
tr	NNS	Hephaestus managed to close the door just in time and Athena slid the locking bolts up into the frame and down into the concrete floor .
tr	NNS	A scowling Reyes had entered the room , the scarred Lucien on his heels .
tr	NNS	There were other nuances of the book that would take some study and practice .
tr	NN	The author reserves the right to modify or change the rules , as need dictates .
tr	NN	Overhead a light misty drizzle fell out of the sky and down into the depths of the massive sinkhole before him .
tr	NN	" Why was the mayor there ? "
tr	NNS	Paper chains hung from the lights and Nate 's teddies and Batman collection lined the walls acting as witnesses .
tr	NNS	" The tests leave no question of that . "
tr	NN	" No more Dwayne , " she said , taking a swallow of the sticky sweet drink .
tr	NN	Part of me wonders if that 's what 's bothering him , but the other part wants to know for myself .
tr	NN	The tribe began to make preparations for the feast that was to be held in three month 's time .
tr	NNS	Not many Native Americans either .
tr	NNS	The hallways of the mall , however , were not a place for a jungle animal .
tr	NN	The once dainty trickle of a waterfall that drained a hanging valley was now an engorged and dirty torrent that pounded into its bowl .
tr	NN	But what would such a unit be doing out here , in the back end of nowhere ?
tr	NNS	Then drastic changes in mankind 's lifestyle occurred .
tr	NN	The private investigator I hired reported in before we boarded the plane .
tr	NNS	The potential plays on words were endless .
tr	NNS	Her footsteps echoed on the cement floor .
tr	NNS	Thoughts and feelings he wanted to share with Joni .
tr	NN	The grandmother ran over to Powerhouse and pounded on his armor .
tr	NN	The automatic pilot wishes them a nice stay .
tr	NN	The female buck had returned every day since to visit with them .
tr	NNS	There were no signs of the dogs this morning though .
tr	NNS	The nuns usually helped support themselves with some form of manual labor such as making silk thread .
tr	NNS	Small prints , a woman 's foot I heard .
tr	NNS	" Where are the twins ? "
tr	NN	My gut instinct was telling me so .
tr	NNS	Rats were gathering , hundreds of them , on the banks beside the river .
tr	NN	" In the morning , sweetheart , " Gerry said .
tr	NN	A spark ignites in her eyes .
tr	NNS	With the rising of the sun the creatures of the night began to look for a hiding place once more .
tr	NN	The lady 's nervous nodded assent was all Cori needed to continue .
tr	NNS	That species has always gone their own way , but they wield a lot of power and would make a tremendous ally .
tr	NNS	And then there were some supernaturals who were not born at midnight .
tr	NN	The liquid brought a welcome warmth to her chest despite the constant tropical breeze skating off the calm lake behind her .
tr	NN	The only option she could think of was to tuck his hand in the waistband of her slacks , hoping the contact worked both ways .
tr	NNS	The other swarms were farther down the building , doing the same thing .
tr	NNS	Looks weren 't the point anyway .
tr	NNS	Things you wouldn 't dream of believing of others seemed , where Karou was concerned , not such a stretch .
tr	NNS	Many warriors left their own squads to join Xavier 's .
tr	NNS	For an unlucky few , insects presented more of a distraction than the lack of feeling in their limbs .
tr	NN	" The remnant , your specimen , is something I 've been tracking for a very long time .
tr	NNS	Hands grabbed her shoulders , pulling her away from him .
tr	NN	" Ok Brad ? "
tr	NN	But the coven is going to fight ... Black John . "
tr	NN	The momentum took her out of his field of vision .
tr	NNS	Lots of people have pointy chins .
tr	NNS	" You creatures sicken me . "
tr	NN	A beat up van with large letters along the side declared it to belong to George 's Landscaping Service .
tr	NNS	In a few minutes the rods moved again .
tr	NN	The tip of the sun shined its yellow flash out to us and Nikki 's dark eyes twinkled with it .
tr	NN	The mocking cold gleam in his eyes stared back at me , while he pulled out not one but two cigarettes that hung from his mouth .
tr	NN	The pilot has been with me for years .
tr	NN	My first landing was far back in childhood - perhaps I was about ten or eleven years old .
tr	NNS	The motorcycles had finally fallen silent .
tr	NN	The stench that came wafting out toward us was sickening .
tr	NNS	Funeral arrangements sucked balls .
tr	NNS	Two streams of well-dressed soldiers entered the room .
tr	NNS	Cade 's buddies quietly focused on him , who now aggressively flicked his straw .
tr	NN	4 There was a muffled thud when he closed the door , and all went dark .
tr	NNS	All night long the warriors sang and drank , and were entertained by dancing girls .
tr	NNS	Behind it hills rose , carpeted with bushes and trees , a blaze of fertility unmatched in Greece .
tr	NN	The square where we 'd chased pigeons was a smoking hole in the cobblestones .
tr	NN	The dumpster behind the building smells like stale coffee and something dead .
tr	NN	" The uncertainty of tomorrow weighs on both of us .
tr	NN	Her first instinct was to jerk away , but his steady , tender gaze kept her fingers against his warm skin .
tr	NN	A sob gripped his attention and his feet hit the ground with quick steps .
tr	NNS	" Folks , " Connor announced into the relative silence , " I bring you the Sentinel of Cadogan House . "
tr	NNS	" No more deals , Justin .
tr	NN	Luckily the medicine had kicked in and I was feeling a little more human .
tr	NNS	Where her fangs should have been there were two empty spaces .
tr	NNS	The soft petals brushed against her bottom lip , reminding her how his mouth had fit so perfectly over hers .
tr	NN	This sentence came so surprisingly from her mouth that he wasn 't sure he heard correctly .
tr	NN	But the leap did not take him far : the cord around his neck suddenly tightened , and he couldn 't breathe .
tr	NN	His laptop was open and he was drinking a cup of coffee .
tr	NNS	' Other oceans have Lords .
tr	NNS	Still , her instincts were screaming at her , and she 'd learned the hard way that she should trust them .
tr	NN	" Crestwood student wins national junior science award . "
tr	NN	A faint rustling disrupts the quiet .
tr	NN	Her southern accent seemed a little too dramatic as she introduced herself to the two of them .
tr	NN	go , " the bard whispered hoarsely .
tr	NNS	Things were under control in Purgatory , for the most part .
tr	NN	The sauce is excellent . "
tr	NNS	Between the fountains scenic paintings formed vistas of incredible beauty .
tr	NNS	My grandparents died in the war and I only had one aunt , who never married .
tr	NN	The captain drummed the fingertips of one hand against the hilt of his sword .
tr	NN	His hood was down and his bronze eyes glared at me .
tr	NN	A prickle raced across Janelle 's skin .
tr	NN	Their lord had told them that a guest was visiting , a very important guest , and they must not be disturbed during their meetings .
tr	NN	However , this mountain was much the junior and tamer .
tr	NNS	Countless other nuances of Ashley burned themselves into his brain .
tr	NN	The mountain was totally blanketed in new snow with forests of bare grey trees reaching towards the sky .
tr	NN	Her arrival made Pendleton feel very , very good inside .
tr	NN	As much as Ash had hated him , insulted him , the angel was shrewd .
tr	NNS	Their psychic abilities proved a sufficient weapon against us , helping them evade capture .
tr	NN	After waiting three days , however , his resolve was beginning to waver .
tr	NNS	Things suddenly made a bit more sense .
tr	NNS	Shouts echoed behind them but she didn 't dare look back as they rounded a curve in the road .
tr	NNS	Cars whipped past him at more than one hundred kilometers an hour .
tr	NN	Perhaps a visual aid might help ?
tr	NN	The typical grumbling started .
tr	NN	Just keep in mind , the government no longer serves its citizens but has been bought by big business .
tr	NNS	The top five floors of the building are ... political . "
tr	NNS	The dancing figures popped off and rattled across the floorboards until they fetched up against the wall .
tr	NNS	There was nothing towering about them , the largest only a few stories high , but there were plenty enough to support a population of several hundred .
tr	NN	This creep was going to make this easy for them all .
tr	NNS	Others stopped using it .
tr	NNS	Things had a tendency to look more like wicker than anything else .
tr	NNS	Silver cells to imprison them when it was time to lock up the monsters again .
tr	NN	A beautiful blue butterfly landed on the window sill just in front of her face .
tr	NNS	All the correct physical functions were resident but I was convinced that there was something missing in his humanity .
tr	NNS	Achilles would be trouble , but our duel was to be soon anyway .
tr	NNS	Families are staying together and growing larger .
tr	NNS	The central living quarters , offices and support buildings were ancient , with only the most minor efforts at renovation .
tr	NNS	Animals lived on Earth long before humans came along . "
tr	NNS	Distinct in the white frost , footprints led down out of sight .
tr	NNS	But there were ducks swimming in the water there , and I wouldn 't want to drink anything that has ducks ' butts in it ! "
tr	NN	And that thick Mississippi drawl had to be the most shocking thing of all .
tr	NNS	So her instincts told her , anyway .
tr	NN	Did a consensus make that true ?
tr	NN	How was today 's exam ? '
tr	NNS	For a start , my paleness would have officially hit grotesque if it weren 't so consistently sunburned .
tr	NNS	Even a few hours earlier , and the drunks would have been weaving across the streets .
tr	NNS	Hands grabbed for her .
tr	NN	The small scar at the side of her mouth looked ugly and raw ; Linda looked old and tired .
tr	NNS	Our chances are better if we send one more to join them . "
tr	NNS	My eyelids fluttered open , and I shifted to my side .
tr	NNS	The warmer temperatures had held during the night , but now a chilly wind was beginning to blow .
tr	NN	Studer said , a contemptuous smile on his lips .
tr	NNS	" Yeah , thirty million surviving Americans sure couldn 't stop you .
tr	NNS	" The responsibilities of a father don 't end there .
tr	NNS	The stores were more crowded than I expected . "
tr	NNS	That movies are fun . "
tr	NNS	My worries continued to be unfounded , and that slow , easy life resumed .
tr	NN	In 206 BCE a rebel leader of plebeian origin proclaimed the Han dynasty .
tr	NNS	With each precious second that ticked by , our chances of successfully completing our mission grew smaller .
tr	NN	" Where 's your mate ? "
tr	NNS	Nerves cramped my stomach .
tr	NNS	The only personal items in the room were the photos on his desk of Holiday and Hannah .
tr	NNS	The villagers didn 't run and hide as much as they used to , but they kept their heads down and ignored her unless she addressed them .
tr	NN	The rope sent them careening toward the wall .
tr	NNS	Things have changed around here . "
tr	NN	Jazz saw a flicker in Lucia 's eyes , a downright flinch in her body language .
tr	NNS	Tonight 's ethereal strangeness was getting murkier .
tr	NN	" There 's an art gallery downtown that 's displaying one of my pieces in their local art show .
tr	NNS	The drums keep time with my heartbeat .
tr	NN	The helicopter pilot was polishing the windows on the black aircraft .
tr	NNS	Hands patted me down and checked my pockets .
tr	NNS	Marius pushed away from the ground and sat up .
tr	NN	The elderly gentleman smiled as he walked toward Burton .
tr	NNS	" Only downstairs , now watch that water and I 'll be right back ! "
tr	NN	An army bully sergeant would have her for breakfast .
tr	NN	The melody was a real stomper .
tr	NNS	Things from people he 'd known .
tr	NNS	Screams pierced through the noise of the blower and echoed around the dome .
tr	NN	This perfect race , along with World Government officials and top business leaders , will help us lead Earth to a more fruitful and harmonious future . "
tr	NNS	The windshield wipers squeaked and groaned .
tr	NNS	" Will pancakes put a smile on your face ? "
tr	NNS	There were no cats to feed or plants to water .
tr	NNS	The strains of St. James Infirmary and a heavy beat from the drummer mingled with the smell of burning sparklers and the sweeter smell of marijuana .
tr	NNS	Immortals had no children .
tr	NNS	Things got worse overnight .
tr	NNS	There were only three restaurants in the village .
tr	NN	He coughed out a breath , and stumbled backward , his sagging mouth now an ugly , gaping hole .
tr	NN	" Sweet Jesu , " the good captain mutters .
tr	NNS	The footsteps , like boots , were heavy -- loud .
tr	NN	Balthazar 's kills had mostly taken place during wartime , and I couldn 't blame Patrice for striking back at anyone who wanted to enslave her .
tr	NN	The instant Jazmine stepped inside , Shana blurted out , " You 've got your backpack . "
tr	NNS	Hephaestus and Hermes burst into the cabin with a box full of wires and electronics .
tr	NNS	Lots of things , which is how I know it can be painful .
tr	NN	Even worse , the angel didn 't seem to be very sorry about it either .
tr	NN	The final briefing is just before the attack . "
tr	NN	The neighbor was probably waiting for her .
tr	NNS	Ideological and racial differences keep the two major players in constant conflict within this region .
tr	NN	There 's a long-standing precedent in the matter .
tr	NNS	The tightness in my belly grew harsher , focusing on his mouth moving over me .
tr	NN	But , poverty 's not that simple .
tr	NNS	The mattress dips as Mom sits down .
tr	NNS	His eyelids flickered open .
tr	NNS	The twins and Neil were sleeping down there .
tr	NN	How is the reactor ? "
tr	NNS	Those clutches can be underground a long time before they hatch .
tr	NNS	Many other nations practiced human sacrifice , but I 'm picking on the great ones with astronomers .
tr	NN	" Where is this ranch ? "
tr	NNS	Looks like you had more fun , though .
tr	NNS	Others climbed into the four remaining church vans .
tr	NNS	Alexis ran as fast as she could to the door , but he had already pulled away .
tr	NNS	Heavy footsteps were approaching , powering up the narrow staircase .
tr	NNS	Elias stared back at him .
tr	NNS	But the hospital warned me if you wait until the pain is unbearable , the pills don 't take the edge off . "
tr	NN	Two great , heavy steel blast doors slide open revealing buried missile silos .
tr	NN	A tiny gleam of flickering yellow light seeped under the door and shone lightly through the metallic keyhole .
tr	NNS	All the creatures acted the same towards them though .
tr	NNS	The beggars looked at them .
tr	NN	Usual y , the emptiness of the quad wouldn 't have bothered me , but tonight , it did .
tr	NNS	Two nurses burst in wheeling in another bed .
tr	NNS	The door bursts open " Tell me what ? "
tr	NNS	Others were there trying to lift heavy ammunition crates onto a large pickup truck with a canvas top .
tr	NN	The gang leader had been a large kid , and when he had joined the squad he transferred his loyalty to the big sergeant .
tr	NN	The medication is starting to take effect , so you 'll sleep now .
tr	NN	His accent was English , crisp , and Oxbridge .
tr	NN	The helicopter pilot was in on it .
tr	NN	Buses up and down had been halted , the local sheriff called .
tr	NNS	Despite her polished looks and demeanor , her fingernails were incongruously short .
tr	NN	The hot liquid smelled strongly of herbs , making my eyes water .
tr	NN	The cold iron of manacles clamped Rif 's wrists .
tr	NN	As soon as she pinched the metal tab between her fingers , uncertainty yanked her out of the moment .
tr	NNS	Simon 's hackles rose .
tr	NN	The Empire insisted that there be a connector between the outer communities , like Cueva .
tr	NNS	The gunmen swung away from the elevator and toward us .
tr	NNS	Marius , who had sat forgotten in the background , grunted loudly and got to his feet .
tr	NNS	Looks in the rearview mirror .
tr	NN	His grandmother had taught him how to read faces , and because of his natural aptitude , it hadn 't taken long to develop his skills .
tr	NNS	The full round globes would be shining red with his hand print the moment he was through with her .
tr	NN	There was resolve in his voice that no one missed .
tr	NNS	More figures appeared and the torches were raised high to reveal the six men and women that had emerged from the darkness .
tr	NNS	Others were full-out paragraphs , detailing perceived crimes and how their authors longed for redemption .
tr	NNS	In addition to the corpuscles , there were smaller objects ; flattened plate-like affairs were rather common , for instance .
tr	NNS	In time , the grasses will grow up through the rock , moss will soften the loss , and animals will nest here .
tr	NNS	" There are six shots . "
tr	NN	The ceiling fan twirled around in circles ignoring each jab of pain that shot through my chest at Tex 's words .
tr	NNS	The seats were extremely comfortable , and the scientist remarked with pride : " Isn 't this something ? "
tr	NN	The chemical they prescribed for one malady only created another .
tr	NN	A student with the build of a linebacker stood and smiled at Tarleton .
tr	NNS	At least the emergency exits were open .
tr	NN	Shea and Francesca whispered in consult , their body language animated .
tr	NNS	His instincts were right because I was seconds away from bolting .
tr	NN	" What on earth is that stench ? "
tr	NNS	" There are forty-eight clasps .
tr	NN	A man fitting Watson 's description got out of the driver 's side of the vehicle .
tr	NNS	My instincts take over ; the fear gets the best of me .
tr	NNS	But more crucial was the general calming effect that the dragons were beginning to have on us .
tr	NN	The design of the outfit provided for maximum cleavage exposure and it certainly drew Paul 's attention .
tr	NNS	Red images passed through my head like a blur .
tr	NN	In the shadows , his tufted tail switched like a cat 's , making her nervous .
tr	NN	Almost every business downtown did .
tr	NNS	The digital videos just showed as blocks when they zoomed in any closer .
tr	NNS	The images they would capture wouldn 't be perfect .
tr	NNS	Her movements and features were very precise , like porcelain animated with clockwork .
tr	NN	The penetrating look she gave Bill Door nailed him to the chair .
tr	NNS	Two pink spots appeared on her cheeks .
tr	NNS	" Things aren 't working very well .
tr	NN	Once , a cross pattern with neatly divided sections and clearly marked avenues had imposed order on the burial property despite the lay of the land .
tr	NN	A bitter acid rises to the back of my throat .
tr	NNS	Aris shook his head .
tr	NNS	Three rows of ugly tan lockers filled the room .
tr	NNS	Their routine activities dictate their behavior .
tr	NN	Only nineteen and I was already staying home , alone , on a Saturday night .
tr	NNS	There are quiet snores and there are loud snores .
tr	NNS	Her symptoms were like symptoms mortals sometimes got when they were stricken with colds and flus .
tr	NN	A thick layer of arching charges leapt and curved around her body .
tr	NN	Each thrust sent me to new heights .
tr	NN	" A good precaution , " was all he said about it .
tr	NNS	His belongings are missing , as well as a jug of water and one of the knives .
tr	NN	" The only birth control I have is an old condom Joe stuck in my wallet a year ago . "
tr	NNS	His thrusts grew stronger and longer until she too closed her eyes and was lost in the motion .
tr	NNS	Things that would seriously freak her out but that was almost like lying even if those things were things that would seriously freak her out .
tr	NNS	The cameras try a close up and I can ´ t see their faces because they don ´ t have any .
tr	NNS	Only four figures in suits appeared .
tr	NN	" No , a restroom is a place where one goes to relieve himself . "
tr	NNS	As you can see , there are no adverse effects . "
tr	NN	" The unknown factor is what scares the shit out of me . "
tr	NNS	Now the colours were darker , stained with blood .
tr	NN	The previous eccentric was now gazing down at her with a look of patronising , pitiful judgement .
tr	NNS	White seats of molded fiberglass circled the area .
tr	NNS	The chandeliers that hung from the ceiling were crystal and lighted the expansive room in a soft , warm glow .
tr	NN	The beautiful figment of my imagination watched my changing expressions , with alarm .
tr	NNS	" Since when do coaches hold their players hostage ? "
tr	NN	The consensus was " bad idea . "
tr	NNS	Carbon tests are fallible and we are well aware of that .
tr	NN	" A warrior could sever an enemy 's head in one stroke with this knife . "
tr	NNS	The flashlights reignited , spearing beams of light across the basement .
tr	NN	Byron 's dragon faltered and went down , hitting with its nose first , skidding in the dirt and grass , leaving long , deep furrows behind .
tr	NNS	He adored her feminine curves and ability to enjoy life without censoring it , calories included .
tr	NNS	Then two shots rang out almost simultaneously .
tr	NNS	Below her , footsteps pounded up the stairs .
tr	NN	I wonder , does Ewan know he 's stolen the healer from the clan Alaric was to be laird over ? "
tr	NNS	" Your boobs look great all the time .
tr	NN	Through her tears , a giggle rose in her throat .
tr	NNS	There are a few spots around there I want to visit before we fly back to the United States .
tr	NNS	" My apologies , miss .
tr	NN	The lace of her panties didn 't show through the fabric so much as made her move in a completely different way .
tr	NNS	The soldiers storm the clearing , the villagers scatter , the twins set down the plates and fling themselves over the smoking feast .
tr	NNS	Others , especially those with tears streaming , embrace her and in a chocked voice say , " Bless you . "
tr	NNS	Street signs became blurs and they all just hoped the next turn they took wouldn 't be a dead end .
tr	NNS	Waves of shock washed through me and a frantic giggle was trying to burst out of my mouth .
tr	NN	How long is his sentence ?
tr	NNS	Cars whizzed past me .
tr	NNS	" My sources don 't keep close track of who has or hasn 't died lately , so I 'll take whatever I can get .
tr	NN	This method of voyaging was becoming familiar to them .
tr	NNS	Her jaw clenched slightly , her nostrils flared as she eyed him angrily .
tr	NN	" Part of my lair , " Mr. Stott said .
tr	NN	Part of him wanted to be her friend .
tr	NN	The cleric told the scout , " Our beloved companion was avenged .
tr	NNS	' And where are all those ideas you promised us yesterday ? '
tr	NN	There was a soft rustle as Rema 's head turned toward him .
tr	NNS	The chopper lands and we half stumble , half drag each other towards it .
tr	NNS	After a few seconds , her eyelids drooped and she swayed in her seat .
tr	NN	My grandma reserved this sacred spot for my mother .
tr	NNS	He saw the same smoothly sculpted planes , the same contemptuous eyes .
tr	NN	My grandmother didn 't own much .
tr	NNS	Screams reverberated from the streets above .
tr	NNS	Starbucks rouses me toward dawn , and we return to the rise , armed for war .
tr	NN	Her pulse seemed somewhat normal , he forehead wasn 't burning and her breathing seemed normal , like she was sleeping .
tr	NN	When he returned , a high-speed police chase was under way .
tr	NNS	Girls love that shit .
tr	NN	Why is the womb barren on one side ?
tr	NNS	The tigers will be on a biannual rotation , heading into the lab every six months for the procedure .
tr	NN	The fine layer of bristle made a faint rasping noise .
tr	NNS	The twins were begging to be included , but their mom wasn 't ready for them to be drivers yet .
tr	NNS	His sobs ripped through her chest like a knife .
tr	NNS	Its tentacles hardened as it drew on the strength of the sword 's steel .
tr	NNS	Alexis ran her hands through her light brown hair and smiled confidently as she strutted over to John and Mary .
tr	NN	This agent had now been questioning him for three hours .
tr	NNS	Diggs looked at me .
tr	NN	Your passion for them on Sunday struck a nerve .
tr	NN	" What 's that audio static ? "
tr	NN	A single flickering oil lamp lit the tabletop , revealing a spread of topographic maps and sea charts .
tr	NNS	The tales they tell in the marketplace of Athens alone , lord , would entrance a sorceress .
tr	NNS	The runes and symbols had begun to glow unearthly silver and the candles had been extinguished .
tr	NNS	There were new factors to take into consideration .
tr	NN	The piper blew again , and then stared at his pipe .
tr	NN	There was another gap , and the intensity of what he was feeling , what he wanted , roared through the connection .
tr	NNS	Her two younger siblings didn 't relieve any anxiety , either .
tr	NNS	Maybe these surprise appearances were his way of keeping his soldiers on their toes .
tr	NNS	" The fans heckle me sometimes . "
tr	NN	The downed soldier 's bravado had bought the others some breathing space and they were collecting themselves .
tr	NN	" A miracle never hurt anyone . "
tr	NNS	The nurses tell me that Stacey was my champion throughout it all , demanding the best for me , and organizing prayer and candlelight vigils in town .
tr	NNS	Through it all two figures whirled as though there was no tomorrow .
tr	NN	The canyon was leveling out , so Zack lifted the school bus up and turned back towards home base .
tr	NNS	The tunnels were eerily silent .
tr	NN	If he really does get it working , another fighter would be a big advantage , especially if we 're going to go against Heisenberg .
tr	NNS	The floor boards will creak , or the curtains will flutter .
tr	NN	When father arrived ... The realisation hit me like a sledgehammer : of course , that is what was behind it all .
tr	NN	The liquid rolls warm down my throat and erases the sticky tang of photographic chemicals that had been lingering in my nose and lungs .
tr	NNS	Muscles rippled in his arms as he pulled on a dress shirt .
tr	NN	Part of me wanted to smash all of her hopes and dreams like she deserved ; the other insisted on breaking it to her gently .
tr	NNS	Things began to make a warped kind of sense .
tr	NNS	" No blades , deep space capable ... makes no sense to me . "
tr	NNS	The gallows seem the natural course . "
tr	NNS	Mindy 's travels have also taken her through various literary genres .
tr	NN	" The hunger is maddening .
tr	NNS	Stacks of paper and bottles of glowing liquid spilled onto the floor .
tr	NN	" Love has a way of making us lose all sense .
tr	NN	The reflection of the room behind me elaborated the story .
tr	NNS	Their batteries were not dead yet and the uneven ticks of them sounded like a heart afraid of the world around it .
tr	NNS	Both fights were too close .
tr	NN	A sob rips past my closed throat .
tr	NNS	The goons and Watson had the proverbial " deer in the headlights " look , staring wide-eyed at me .
tr	NN	Aside from loving the competition , Mandi 's determination sparked a desire in Sergio and it was rather surprising to him .
tr	NNS	The other monitors flowed with grainy video and photos captured from cell phones , the millennium 's new digital eyes on the world .
tr	NNS	" There aren 't any ghosts down here are there ? "
tr	NNS	A tightness settled around Tuck 's chest making it hard to breathe .
tr	NN	The barber took a few exploratory pokes with his comb .
tr	NNS	There are also a few scraps of torn wrapping paper piled about and tape stuck to the hardwood floor .
tr	NN	Brick 's tissue had somehow gone under the porcelain pot .
tr	NNS	Kids like that didn 't grow on trees .
tr	NNS	The other three Jewels were on some errand or other .
tr	NN	A cricket started up , its chirping sliding through the open window .
tr	NN	What had the attorney said ?
tr	NN	Her " crisis " distracted me for a moment , but it didn 't erase what is waiting outside the door .
tr	NNS	In the meantime his paintings were getting popular .
tr	NNS	Soldiers only surrounded the buildings .
tr	NN	" An underground lair near Gatlinburg , Tennessee . "
tr	NN	A small sob escaped .
tr	NN	His kindness only knocked her support from beneath her , left her sinking .
tr	NN	The worst-case scenario was if she was indeed working with Mercer and had found out that the trap was closing tight about them .
tr	NNS	In all , probably 30 goblins had come in to attack , but it looked as though half of them were already dead .
tr	NNS	Aiden came closer , his Nike sneakers digging into the crushed rock under his feet .
tr	NNS	A few minutes later , the warriors stood just inside the club 's entrance , surveying the scene .
tr	NN	" A penny for your thoughts , " Alec said , once the secretary had left .
tr	NNS	" My helpers tell me that you have walked the path .
tr	NNS	" Few suspicious deaths , probably nothing , " he answers .
tr	NNS	Around me , the council members take their seats , some of them ready to listen and give us a fair shake .
tr	NN	The pastry was too thick around the filling and the cream not quite sweet enough .
tr	NN	The next sentence was out of his mouth before he could think twice .
tr	NNS	The virgins got the most money while other girls went for a few thousand .
tr	NN	" Same old boring shit .
tr	NN	Through the glass wall at the front of our cell I could see a guard approaching , his flashlight aimed in our direction .
tr	NN	The maid loyally defended her mistress .
tr	NN	The beating of her heart was like sweet music to his ears .
tr	NNS	" If we leave from here , the Jets will easily beat us to the ship .
tr	NNS	Looks like today is going from bad to worse .
tr	NNS	Sometimes lies came as they did with Ian Frank ; behind an expression so controlled it was unnatural .
tr	NNS	The changes are complex so it 'll probably take some time .
tr	NNS	The travelers were riding through the gates of the bailey as she stepped out into the light .
tr	NN	" Mark my words , that staff captain is pushing a whiny complaint straight to the top . "
tr	NNS	" Things have been chaotic because of the fire . "
tr	NNS	The colors that dazzled the room remained as bright but their swirl slowed to a less dizzying rate .
tr	NN	The operator shifted uncomfortably in his chair , not sure what else to do or say .
tr	NN	" I 'm scared , " said the golem .
tr	NNS	These same covens were the ones that shunned us and left us out to die when we needed their help against the hunters .
tr	NNS	Soldiers and citizens alike wandered about in a kind of daze , scarves and handkerchiefs pressed to their faces , eyes streaming .
tr	NN	" Yes , yes , education is important but so is family .
tr	NN	Tonight , his courtroom was the Preston farm table .
tr	NNS	" There weren 't many members at the time , and you finally were elected president of the Society .
tr	NNS	But Jezebel 's motives had to be malicious .
tr	NN	No sooner had she entered than her cloak went on a peg , an apron went about her waist , and her hands fell to work .
tr	NNS	There are differences between men and women , and the obvious physical differences are the least important .
tr	NN	The tractor arrived then to pull the pink truck out of the mud .
tr	NNS	No one downstairs will hear a thing . "
tr	NNS	As if sensing Lara 's stubborn will , the aunts tried again , speaking in perfect unison , their voices soft and melodious .
tr	NNS	Things like this have never been easy for me .
tr	NN	A thrill of excitement went through her .
tr	NN	The Viking wing , having been ignored all day , just held their ground .
tr	NN	She needed him closer , needed more than just this tease .
tr	NNS	' How many Terry , do you need back up ? '
tr	NNS	Things were hazy and loopy and just weird .
tr	NNS	The lilting strains of the Dixie Chicks crooned from one corner of the pile , muffled by two layers of files and a windbreaker .
tr	NN	The Other Side has had him and they 've kept even with us just because of him ; just because of him .
tr	NN	Like one werewolf was going to dominate everything ?
tr	NN	The Master hobbled out , his back bent as though the blue pointed cap on his head were filled with lead .
tr	NN	The men from the meeting were howling in delight , their blood lust unbridled .
tr	NN	The fellow named Jim sniffed and said , " Smells pretty rank , all right .
tr	NNS	" Things are never easy with us . "
tr	NNS	Then of course there are your classes with Mrs. Hanover . "
tr	NNS	A dozen treasured images came back to him , memories he 'd collected over the years of their lives together .
tr	NNS	Things were weird enough without complicating matters further .
tr	NNS	The drums echoed fiercely in Alaric 's ears .
tr	NNS	Rags showed his disappointment with loud , annoying whimpers for several minutes .
tr	NN	I real y don 't know . "
tr	NNS	I ' ave spent hours choosing ze fabric so zat your colors will not clash .
tr	NN	The footman was back , with a colleague .
tr	NNS	Here the hallways are dim , the ceilings crossed with bars and pipes .
tr	NN	My neighbor on the right is fighting with his wife over the phone , and my newest one , the woman on the left , is hungry .
tr	NNS	Her wrists , positioned at her sides , had some leather thongs around them .
tr	NN	Nausea swamped Rafe , but he pushed the feeling aside .
tr	NNS	Two lighted items on the Coke machine flickered SOLD OUT .
tr	NNS	The frogs did not look pleased .
tr	NNS	The signs had been there all along .
tr	NN	Your great grandmother had one of those tics , and it got worse when she was tired or excited or under a lot of pressure .
tr	NN	For a moment his wording threw her off .
tr	NNS	His hands were forced behind his back , his wrists secured with handcuffs before shackles were attached to his ankles .
tr	NN	Storm holds up a finger .
tr	NN	The captain of the fort helped us again and for a whole week , we could rest and have decent food .
tr	NNS	After a few seconds , the images changed , and the scene shifted .
tr	NNS	" Its boldness doesn 't detract from its truth .
tr	NN	The angel approached the creature and swung its blade and the creature managed to parry it , just barely .
tr	NNS	The idiots grinned and chuckled like idiots do around other idiots .
tr	NNS	" What are those colors ? "
tr	NNS	Lots of touching involved .
tr	NNS	The man 's pupils bled into the whites of his eyes , the darkness inside them glistening from the light of the fire outside .
tr	NNS	Various teachers and university professors throughout my formal education encouraged my writing , starting in about the second grade .
tr	NNS	' My apologies , my fair lady , ' he said with a bow .
tr	NNS	Those giant bat butterflies began thumping around in my stomach again .
tr	NN	The small compartment filled with grey mist as he stood in the vapors of the smoke .
tr	NN	The captain rolled his shoulders and motioned for them to begin again .
tr	NN	' Some folk have wonderful luck .
tr	NN	A tap on the door interrupted his deliberating .
tr	NN	the leader turned to um .
tr	NNS	Logan 's eyelids flickered .
tr	NN	From wingtip to wingtip , the monstrosity stretched across half the cavernous room .
tr	NNS	His worst fears , fears that seemed so irrational last night , now rose up before him like a black wave he couldn 't escape .
tr	NN	the audience prepared to listen to another version .
tr	NN	The water temp made it easy to slide into the slow moving stream , stretch and swim , if just a short distance .
tr	NN	" The lack of detention was awesome . "
tr	NN	The flowing garb of the locals provided an endless shifting of bright colors against a muted monotone background .
tr	NNS	Thoughts swarmed her brain and mingled chaotically to uncover his meaning .
tr	NNS	Do these items mean something to you ?
tr	NN	His chuckle was louder this time , more enervating .
tr	NNS	Somehow the blades had missed the main body of the sub , but she knew there had to be major damage to the cable .
tr	NN	His hatred for me and the Yew Land must have put him in quite the bind here .
tr	NNS	The gates were wide open with messengers and a complete greeting crew waiting on hand to process their entrance into the castle with greater ease .
tr	NNS	The countess tucked the blankets back around Mathieu .
tr	NNS	Wil 's travels had become a packed three weeks and worth it all .
tr	NN	A big , sick guilt was sitting on my stomach .
tr	NNS	Three sessions now and Luther could finally see some improvement in the rickety mirror on the wall .
tr	NNS	The other Guardians do the same .
tr	NN	The gentleman told me to pick it out . "
tr	NN	A roar went up from the gathered men , who respected and appreciated a good fighter .
tr	NNS	If he dropped off , the huge paws would smash him just as dead .
tr	NNS	Your ... boldness is familiar .
tr	NN	The itch was too severe to ignore and she tore into her thigh , scratching relentlessly through her jeans .
tr	NNS	There were no other warriors , just as Rolf had said .
tr	NN	CHAPTER 14 Suddenly Annie 's resolve to keep Zack at arm 's length seemed juvenile .
tr	NN	Go figure , there was a gentleman in there somewhere .
tr	NNS	Inch by inch the creatures neared and then the connection was made .
tr	NNS	Romulus stood tall and surveyed the endless grasslands .
tr	NN	The sickly paleness and bloodshot eyes .
tr	NNS	The builders of Godspeed didn 't waste any space . "
tr	NN	His scar was livid against his pale cheek as he processed my callous words .
tr	NN	After all this time , could an autopsy establish Teenie 's pregnancy ?
tr	NNS	The wetness of the ground was leaking into her pants .
tr	NNS	Things hadn 't gone well .
tr	NN	The stack of unopened envelopes was my first order of business , and then I read my company emails .
tr	NNS	No mattress , no pillow , my back is sore and the food is terrible .
tr	NNS	Long trails of ebony moisture seeped down the gray stones , like they were bleeding ink .
tr	NN	Love turned to look out the window .
tr	NNS	The shadowed figures had yet to move , but their study of him was unnerving .
tr	NNS	Your responsibilities in addition to the language studies will be to assist in navigation and hopefully we can learn from each other . "
tr	NNS	Others long one 's .
tr	NNS	The pirates formed up for the group to set out again deeper into the ship .
tr	NNS	The wolves gave up one by one , and the deer kept going .
tr	NNS	These hobbits are Halflings . '
tr	NNS	" Avery is right , the arrangements do look beautiful .
tr	NN	The fragrance of rhododendrons filled the evening air , mingling with the scent of blooming azaleas .
tr	NN	Simple , that was , until Kincaid sought them out .
tr	NNS	Lights dotted then covered the land below us .
tr	NN	Even in Hell , revenge is sweet .
tr	NN	The Chinese government does not impose all these taxes and regulations on their businesses .
tr	NNS	Tribal leaders actually controlled tribe members .
tr	NN	" The bitch is a vampire !
tr	NNS	Only two explanations made any sense .
tr	NNS	The warm temperatures cause chlorophyll to return to the peel , giving it the greenish color .
tr	NNS	Things were always easy for David .
tr	NN	The unit was barely enough to hold the group .
tr	NN	And my schedule 's full for the rest of the day - I 've a teachers ' meeting to attend during lunch .
tr	NN	Maybe the lust wasn 't mutual , after all .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of the origins of Teleport entered his mind .
tr	NNS	There are twenty cells , five hallways and a key for each that opens all the cells .
tr	NN	The clarity of the moment stung .
tr	NNS	Hephaestus sat next to Aphrodite , who grinned at him .
tr	NNS	The boards creaked beneath my feet as I approached the door and stopped , tilting my head toward the house .
tr	NN	" Not sure I 'm going to be much use , " the bard mumbled .
tr	NN	The huge artificial cradles Mira 's head in a mesh of filaments .
tr	NNS	Near the bottom of the ladder were two ancient flashlights .
tr	NN	And now ... we ' l close our eyes - for a moment .
tr	NNS	Several couples walked down the docks -- away from them , of course -- and onto their boats .
tr	NN	Her kindness only made a fresh wave of hopelessness wash over me , and I laced my fingers through hers and squeezed .
tr	NNS	On nothing more than a mattress cover , in a cold , dank attic , Alex curled up into a ball and fell asleep .
tr	NNS	The bars were of solid gray stone .
tr	NNS	Before I have a chance to move , two pairs of bloody , dirty hands grip me by my hoody and pull me back .
tr	NNS	" What are some facts you can tell me about them ? "
tr	NNS	Only the elves could feel its pain .
tr	NNS	The promises always gave us our only hope !
tr	NNS	The rats pulled up short .
tr	NN	This moustache possessed the most immaculate handlebars , and would randomly change colour .
tr	NNS	Bleached wood floors give it just a little bit of warmth so it doesn 't feel sterile .
tr	NN	Love turned from the window and walked into the kitchen .
tr	NNS	The red eyed man 's movements were simply too fast for Fang to have seen .
tr	NNS	Flowers wrap around the branches , plaited around as a living lace .
tr	NNS	The grasses of the clearing suddenly whipped and bent I come .
tr	NNS	There were tales of babies being eaten in their cribs , and kids who were attacked and killed while scavenging .
tr	NN	" Ok , would you like me to read ? "
tr	NN	Jared final y spoke .
tr	NN	The gates beyond were wide open .
tr	NN	An eternity is not long enough for us . "
tr	NN	Human , the older dragon wore a lush , blue cape that covered him from head to toe and matched his hair color .
tr	NNS	The spider tried to leap at him , legs slashing , jaws spread wide to clamp on him .
tr	NNS	" The passengers are still my first responsibility , Nick .
tr	NN	The stairway railing appears less secure .
tr	NN	A scowl blackened his face .
tr	NN	His rank was captain and he played a part in the beginning of the planet 's prime cultural evolution of thought .
tr	NNS	Then images , photographs , film -- it accumulates visual proof of her infidelity and shoves it in my eyes .
tr	NN	The captain was a good friend and former colleague of Monk 's widow , Kat Bryant .
tr	NN	Jessie was just a diversion , same as I was to her .
tr	NN	The umbrella will do . "
tr	NNS	Our lower decks are full to capacity , which makes it hard to maneuver this ship .
tr	NN	When she rounded the corner of aisle B , the first thing noticeable was a few boxes stacked outside an open storage room .
tr	NNS	Both estates seemed to be well run and tidy , and both sets of commoners treated their lord with respect .
tr	NN	And then , with reckless abandonment , his feeding tube opened out to the size of a dinner plate , and the whole sandwich was gone .
tr	NNS	The blades must extend twelve feet from tip to tip .
tr	NNS	" In Trig , the three functions are Sine , Tangent , and Cosine .
tr	NN	The whirlwind held on to me tightly , burning everywhere it touched , scorching my hair and melting my clothes .
tr	NNS	Near the back of the room three cots stood against the far wall .
tr	NN	The guilt he now felt was overpowering .
tr	NN	The operator had blocked traffic on the street behind him .
tr	NN	Only method we have is to build the American Empire !
tr	NN	" There 's always some dumb ass chick that passes out at these things . "
tr	NNS	The bits he added solidified the case around me and I knew I was losing that detachment and getting sucked in by curiosity .
tr	NNS	However many cold baths they say they take ! "
tr	NN	The equipment is mostly self-explanatory , and if you get confused you can always hit the Prompt button for an explanation . "
tr	NN	Our prophecy foretold of these deaths , the arrival of three strangers from two different realms , and a dangerous beast from the dark realm .
tr	NNS	The girls ' desserts arrived .
tr	NN	Alexia 's parasol sputtered once , then emitted a sad little hissing noise and stopped misting , having used up its store of the lapis solaris .
tr	NNS	Enzo 's blades turn bright red , then white hot .
tr	NN	My pulse raced at breakneck speed .
tr	NN	' I 'll get it , ' Love said as Stuart began to get up .
tr	NN	It was their way , the tribe would accept anything less .
tr	NN	The scowl didn 't leave his mouth as he drove out of the parking garage .
tr	NNS	The flakes hit my worn binder , dampening my pages , so I stopped and placed it in my backpack .
tr	NNS	The wolves crept closer .
tr	NN	The short Time sergeant approached him .
tr	NNS	But then my skates had a mind of their own .
tr	NNS	Animals scurried for cover .
tr	NN	The scythe handle struck him again .
tr	NN	The general conviction that we are admirable does not easily give way .
tr	NNS	Her fears were unpredictable and continued to be for weeks .
tr	NNS	Images of Ghosts being attacked by huge , fanged snakes and other horrendous forms of wildlife flickered on and off the walls .
tr	NNS	Reyes looked at Danika that way .
tr	NNS	Flames billowed out of the Range Rover 's metal carcass , bright white .
tr	NN	" I warned you , Rachel , " Mage calmly said , glancing at Jonah .
tr	NN	Len 's absence stirred up quite a lot of problems in school .
tr	NN	Suddenly that goal seemed attainable .
tr	NN	The gunfire was thunder in the enclosed classroom , like an explosion in Milo 's ears as Tommy fell to the ground .
tr	NNS	My birthdays just turn out to be another tiresome day of work .
tr	NNS	Things will right themselves .
tr	NNS	Gramps had scored his morning meal .
tr	NN	The " beeping " was loud and clear as they gradually increased the distance from the buoy .
tr	NN	PHS 's cafeteria was like every high school cafeteria .
tr	NN	Again , my unease grew .
tr	NN	" To ask too much of me , " the knight responded .
tr	NNS	The authorities were still looking for Kevin Callahan not Lou Phillips .
tr	NNS	All those paintings out there are from personal experiences .
tr	NNS	Things that resembled men , but were not , swarmed into the water ; others clustered in groups on the riverbanks .
tr	NNS	Vargas twitches more and more slowly , then shudders to a stop .
tr	NN	From the perspective of the crowd of tourists and onlookers on the beach , the seal release in Monterey was a spectacular success .
tr	NNS	Black figures surrounded the blaze .
tr	NN	Your whole race is . "
tr	NNS	All my fears slowly vanished at the thought of him laughing at me when I mentioned Paul 's name .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of Harry were never far from the very front of her brain .
tr	NNS	Of me or what my abilities did for him .
tr	NN	His large mass flapped backward and began shaking on the bed .
tr	NN	Had the girls ready ta hide in the cellar -- the bastards never did find that -- had my bow ready , but they never showed again .
tr	NNS	* * * " Ashe made a good suggestion , Aedan .
tr	NN	My itch is too loud ! "
tr	NNS	" The chains , " she whispered , unable to catch her breath .
tr	NN	Her pulse kicked into overdrive , and her skin grew cold and clammy .
tr	NNS	The chances that Jeff had lied , too , were too remote to even consider .
tr	NN	Sick as an off duty , is an expression used to express the similarity between an illness , and excessive alcohol consumption .
tr	NN	A multitude of words crowded my throat , and I couldn 't decide which ones to use .
tr	NN	My squad accounted for more , but the situation was tense .
tr	NN	When my grandmother died , and just a couple months ago , when Yvette died .
tr	NNS	" Things are different now .
tr	NNS	The exact origins are unknown , despite many origin stories .
tr	NNS	There are crude figures scratched into the rock .
tr	NN	Every inch of gradually revealed flesh was just as toned and tempting as it could be .
tr	NN	The secrecy , the deception , is a large part of the thrill .
tr	NNS	Waves of curly red hair fell to an impossibly narrow waist .
tr	NNS	The shackles on her wrists shift down a few inches , revealing raw sores beneath them .
tr	NN	A map of Southern Florida filled the image , with a star flashing over a street map of a neighborhood .
tr	NNS	Girls talking about girl things were always so entertaining .
tr	NN	Ferry made another notation .
tr	NNS	Others moved on to seemingly easier foes .
tr	NNS	Myles offered them both a bland smile .
tr	NNS	The darker depths looked inviting but first I needed to eat .
tr	NN	Susannah greeted her absently , intent on her task .
tr	NN	Our newest passenger claims he can get us our permits . "
tr	NNS	Not that anyone would notice it amid the mess the cops had made , their small numbered cards still propped around the room and stuck on walls .
tr	NN	The Program is the reason the epidemic is spreading .
tr	NNS	A familiar tightness gripped his chest at that possibility , but he forced himself to remain calm .
tr	NN	Its goal was to save the fortunes of multinational corporations that are so big now they dwarf even the countries .
tr	NNS	His eyelids fluttered open .
tr	NNS	Six wolves stroll the beach around him , casting wary glances at the Undine .
tr	NN	I shouldn , t have laughed .
tr	NN	The pot is now over three hundred dollars .
tr	NN	The nursery had extended hours through the holiday season , and Michael offered to work later that night in exchange for some free time after school .
tr	NN	William Bitzer the fourth , the cameraman said " A lot of times the man seemed to make up things as he went along . "
tr	NN	The chariot looked like something out of a movie ; painted gold , a pentagram on the front .
tr	NN	Yet there was a steel core in her .
tr	NNS	Her antics did not amuse me - not one little bit .
tr	NN	When we landed , the pilot shut off the engine .
tr	NNS	Other passengers crowded into the space between them , occasionally obstructing his view , but Isaac didn 't move any closer .
tr	NNS	" Sometimes actions speak louder than words , honey .
tr	NN	" I 'm only two hundred and twenty seven , medicine advances , " the leader started to protest .
tr	NN	" The Darkest Pleasure " Her grandmother had once suffered from dreams like these .
tr	NN	A patent on a universal application or a prospector 's claim on a unique resource created individuals whose wealth was no longer worth keeping track of .
tr	NNS	Alexis was the leading engineer in the system for methane habitats .
tr	NN	The only foreign language I speak is French . "
tr	NN	His poor partner remained devastated that she had not been chosen .
tr	NNS	The electrified bars crackled angrily .
tr	NN	A high-pitched giggle from outside Malcolm 's apartment cascaded over me like confectioner 's sugar .
tr	NNS	Things have been pretty busy . "
tr	NN	The core of his talent involved an intuitive grasp of patterns within chaos .
tr	NNS	My Mercedes was pivotal in the plan .
tr	NNS	The two ladies led the way to the seats .
tr	NN	Her libido took in what a delectable picture he made while she pointed at him with a shaking finger .
tr	NN	The flashlight flew from my hand and I saw the light wink out about ten feet from me .
tr	NNS	Others slowly and painstakingly revised in memory the impossible things they had seen .
tr	NN	" How dangerous is the healer ? "
tr	NNS	Though sometimes impulsive and hot tempered , the warriors looked up to him .
tr	NNS	Where germs go ? "
tr	NN	" There was no agenda , at least not on my part . "
tr	NNS	The blades whirled and swayed , flashing silver in the dark night .
tr	NN	After that , the referee ordered both boxers to their corners , which they obeyed without complain .
tr	NNS	All institutions try to maintain iconic models within the physical nature of reality .
tr	NNS	What are the chances of the tribe letting me go free if I am victorious ?
tr	NN	My goal is to help other women avoid the same situation .
tr	NNS	I wasn 't the only one who 'd noticed this ; all around me there were little movements , whispered comments .
tr	NN	The captain , who was standing beside the king , answered .
tr	NNS	Their resources were vast and extended well beyond the city limits of Chicago or the borders of the United States .
tr	NNS	There were some interesting plays on Broadway - The Crucible , Wonderful Town , Picnic , The Seven Year Itch , and Dial M for Murder .
tr	NN	The mountain stretched high above the clouds and seemed to touch the stars .
tr	NN	Now her unease and fear were back .
tr	NNS	The effects wear off gradually , taking you back through all the stages of drunkenness on the way .
tr	NN	The chaos surrounding the destruction of an entire city was going to result in the victimization of a few innocent people .
tr	NNS	" Lights , " I shout into the black expanse .
tr	NN	As they worked further along the paneling , the niche under the baseboard got deeper , until it was not so much a niche as a gap .
tr	NNS	Salary ranges in the libraries tended to be lower than in Seattle , but not by much .
tr	NN	The implication of a song That no one Living knows .
tr	NNS	The zombies bit him during our fight .
tr	NN	" At the grocery store . "
tr	NN	Except for the faint sound of tapping coming from Mr Nicholls ' garden the garage was quiet .
tr	NNS	The emails were already on my phone . "
tr	NNS	These lands offer too much . "
tr	NNS	" My apologies , sir .
tr	NNS	More figures piled on top of him .
tr	NNS	Valerius looked surprised by her words .
tr	NN	How do these likes and dislikes influence our communications ?
tr	NN	Jazz came around to take a look as Lucia 's elegant fingers fluttered pages .
tr	NN	My lack of perfect grades and community involvement were two of the many reasons I would be going to a community college before university .
tr	NNS	Lots of newspapers had stories about her , but I couldn 't find any pictures .
tr	NNS	" These creatures are evil savages , Sofia .
tr	NNS	All characters in this book are fictitious , and any resemblance to real persons , living or dead , is coincidental .
tr	NNS	Perhaps , her skills would make up for her misdeeds .
tr	NNS	At least the teachers were no competition .
tr	NNS	Her temples throbbed in a steady , pounding rhythm .
tr	NN	An unexpected cramp announced an early period .
tr	NN	The beating you took detached the muscle completely .
tr	NN	A lack of confidence that hadn 't been there until she told him she 'd already made contact with the man she assumed was Meg 's Controller .
tr	NNS	The persuasive whispers continued .
tr	NNS	Lights were flashing and noises were pounding everywhere .
tr	NN	Part of her worried how big the hole she had made in the ceiling was , but that wasn 't important just then .
tr	NNS	And her nostrils filled with the smell of blood , distant and savory .
tr	NNS	His snores echo down the hall .
tr	NNS	Lots of NFL groupies , but they 're dumb as rocks .
tr	NN	My goal here is connection . "
tr	NNS	' Maybe a fringe and wispy bits framing your face and neck .
tr	NNS	" The fireworks are almost over .
tr	NN	Jordan 's chuckle was rich and deep .
tr	NNS	For now , the Somali pirates had no idea whom they 'd kidnapped .
tr	NN	The dawn came with a red sky as the sun rose .
tr	NNS	Below us , figures , mainly men , ascended the steps to the great marble double doors I knew were below .
tr	NNS	" The villagers , quite terrified , frantically began searching for the bag .
tr	NN	There was more passion in that one kiss than in most people have in a lifetime .
tr	NN	" Our teacher doesn 't think I 'll get very far in Molotov 's program . "
tr	NN	There 's no real damage to the bladder . "
tr	NN	" Would the gentleman let me show him one of my trees ? "
tr	NN	Any month , however , the exam by the San Francisco Police Department doctors could reveal otherwise .
tr	NNS	Had it been a deer , the wolves would have attacked , but in spite of tales to the contrary , wolves rarely attacked humans .
tr	NN	Public assistance seemed the best way to go to help with the medical care expenses .
tr	NNS	Suspicious tore off his mask and shouted into the murk , Beth losing his words as the sounds of struggle filled the chamber .
tr	NN	Their llama ranch on Vashon Island up in Washington State was thriving , and Tim Mallory had a small but growing herd .
tr	NNS	Small bits of static leapt out to his finger as he pressed down .
tr	NN	There was no option to change anything about her minimalist profile .
tr	NN	The GPS unit which was programmed with a female voice was doing its best to keep up with my driving .
tr	NNS	" These negotiations are over .
tr	NN	Slowly the trio hauled the huge wooden box up and out of the hole .
tr	NN	His acknowledgment seemed remarkable , yet it also made her uncomfortable .
tr	NN	Faster than he expected , his prey arrived .
tr	NNS	For aren 't we all beggars before God ? "
tr	NN	Copper is a lighter metal with a brash reddish tone .
tr	NN	" My Aunt Maya gave it to me .
tr	NN	Her bravado didn 't impress him .
tr	NN	The traveler paused , getting his breath .
tr	NNS	" Drugs , " he said simply .
tr	NN	" Way to go , Claire .
tr	NN	A multi-colored parrot flies by , almost too fast to be noticed .
tr	NNS	There are 10 wolves .
tr	NNS	Looks like when the station blew , it collapsed sections of the surrounding tunnels , too . "
tr	NNS	Looks like someone moving up there - look there on the first floor ? '
tr	NNS	His experiences are probably what 's made him so successful . "
tr	NNS	Four degrees of orbital change are Within sensor error on that system , and the additional four degrees have no predictive value . "
tr	NNS	His hits were so powerful that she hit the ground .
tr	NNS	The two elevators that allow access to the visitors ' entrance are still .
tr	NNS	The fears and doubts that had been hounding her all week dissolved in the warmth of his hold .
tr	NNS	There were no locks on his side and no way to open it .
tr	NNS	Things got weirder as I read the next message .
tr	NN	" It 's secret , " the inspector exclaimed .
tr	NN	One young intern begins to whimper , but nobody notices because the din turns deafening when the hordes descend .
tr	NNS	Oh , and Navarre vamps are the only ones who can get into the House after hours .
tr	NN	The rumbling became a roar of fury .
tr	NNS	Officials are claiming that hackers broke into a classified server and triggered an explosion that rocked the facility , killing three ... " Crash .
tr	NNS	Logan 's pupils dilated as the tight fabric loosened .
tr	NNS	The images of her with Bradley shot through him .
tr	NNS	I felt lost in a timeless nothingness , darkness and betrayal and fresh wounds my only companions .
tr	NNS	An awful emptiness swelled inside .
tr	NN	His boot squished into the mud and he grabbed a tribune 's shoulder to pull himself free .
tr	NNS	The media loved the Sherbrooke family .
tr	NN	The dragon blinked in surprise and abruptly pushed itself up a bit so that its snout was barely inches from her nose .
tr	NNS	Oxygen masks popped down from the ceiling and slapped around wildly .
tr	NNS	Several frogs croaked , and both Kaden and Ian stuck their heads around the corner .
tr	NNS	Smart investments in coffee futures did the rest .
tr	NNS	Things would be so much easier if I did .
tr	NNS	Art galleries , designer clothing and jewelry boutiques and famous chefs ' restaurants lined the sidewalks , alternating old-world charm with more modern architecture .
tr	NNS	" Neither has the beer or the women , " replied his buddies .
tr	NN	The doctors ' subsequent prognosis was grim , no more than a month .
tr	NN	" Right , " Jazz murmured .
tr	NN	" How 's the scar ? "
tr	NNS	Those thin cots are no way near big enough for a guy of my size to get a comfortable night 's sleep .
tr	NN	The trailer that we live in is fairly clean , although it does smell like cigarette smoke and weed .
tr	NN	His reasoning behind seeking a young wife made sense , but that didn 't make Rebecca any more eager to accept him as her husband .
tr	NN	Cassidy got paler , if that was possible .
tr	NNS	" For a man whose religion claims to spread truth , priest , your lies are strikingly vulgar . "
tr	NN	" Does the lamb have a name ? "
tr	NN	The day I brought home my first trophy , my father 's reward was to have me reevaluated by my doctor .
tr	NN	Even a shield placed on your wards is temporary and requires maintenance every few months . "
tr	NNS	Lights continued to flash , and the rumbling got louder and stronger .
tr	NNS	Cars swished and grumbled on the nearby expressway , and the air smelled heavily of exhaust and the local water treatment plant .
tr	NN	Her hands slide over my chest as mine pull up the hem of her shirt .
tr	NNS	But these types of mornings didn 't usually happen to Steven .
tr	NNS	Even today my actions showed this to be so . "
tr	NNS	Each one functions independently . "
tr	NN	He couldn , t hear it .
tr	NN	He thought for a moment , then decided it would better to have the increased flight speed so he chose to let her drop her shield .
tr	NN	One map shows South China Sea that encompasses the South China provinces and the Palawan Island of the Philippines .
tr	NNS	The visitors and their escorts stepped out and entered the lobby .
tr	NN	There was a DJ booth along one wall , and trance music blasted from the speakers .
tr	NN	The desk sergeant who 'd told her about Pearson Black .
tr	NNS	The footsteps were silent .
tr	NN	The agent thought for a minute and then smiled .
tr	NN	And so the reef had grown in size since it had been mapped all those years ago .
tr	NN	" Nay , ' t is not our only choice . "
tr	NNS	Others had borne even greater losses .
tr	NNS	The stores in China are slowing down as their growth also slows , but the comparison isn 't linear . "
tr	NN	The last time Serena drank it she was pleasantly inebriated for hours , suggesting there is more more to the mixture than just lemongrass .
tr	NN	Love watched as Stuart gently retrieved a black poncho from its evidence bag .
tr	NNS	The window wipers danced back and forth , clearing the rain drops long enough to let the next droplets splash into their place .
tr	NN	The sauce needs to simmer for several hours and it 's even better if you let it sit overnight .
tr	NNS	Images of students slurred around us , but we were the only ones that mattered .
tr	NNS	Things went on quietly in the Vale for the next several years .
tr	NN	Aunt Melanie studied Alex further , paid particular mind to the way the denim clothing complimented her physical appearance .
tr	NN	A growl starts low in Peter 's belly , but I can hear it .
tr	NNS	When this was done , the cousins went into the exhibition hall .
tr	NN	The TV blared in the background .
tr	NN	Lightning and thunder flashed and cracked in sync .
tr	NNS	Things beyond the realm of logic or reality , beyond the capabilities of rational thought .
tr	NN	Never stick your neck out was his motto , a carry-over from his time in the U.S. Army .
tr	NN	There is a small thud , and the attacking guard stiffens in his track , then keels over like a felled tree .
tr	NN	A deep chuckle followed , and Domenico stiffened , realizing that Misty was talking to the young pilot he had hired early this week .
tr	NN	With his left hand , the sheriff pointed to the pistols Bax had taken from the bounty hunters .
tr	NN	There are a few children 's DVD 's scattered on the floor , all movies I recognise and as a child , loved .
tr	NN	The absence of that light tonight only drove home how close he was to losing her again .
tr	NNS	The fans were cheering and pointing toward the court .
tr	NNS	Flames and gray and black smoke engulfed the garden , killing Willow 's beautiful flowers and the land that she loved .
tr	NNS	' Jealous subordinate plants bomb , ' the headlines would have read , and a swift execution would have followed .
tr	NN	Her communications unit signalled a call and she stood up and walked a little way off .
tr	NN	But strangely the usually flamboyant widow had cloistered herself in her home and refused to receive even her most devoted admirers .
tr	NN	Your captain is a woman ?
tr	NNS	The shots would have warned the targets of his approach .
tr	NN	Instead of any town like Maya had seen before , what lay ahead of them was nothing more than a brown mass .
tr	NN	The smells here assail me ... the sand , the sun , the water .
tr	NNS	Things will get ugly out there without this alliance . "
tr	NN	Barely fifty remained of his original four hundred .
tr	NNS	Things are getting interesting .
tr	NN	When I turned to look at him , a sheen coated his eyes .
tr	NN	The leader in the center held a smoking SIG Sauer .
tr	NN	Neither adult argued with her .
tr	NNS	Wings were prized , not pale imitations .
tr	NNS	Her designs consisted of bright colors with lots of zap and pizzazz , very feminine , very romantic and glamorous .
tr	NN	" An enigmatic millionaire with more secrets than dollars ?
tr	NN	Link leaned his forehead against the steering wheel .
tr	NN	Then , when I showed this man the picture of our Amelie , the first miracle happened .
tr	NN	The prognosis was ultimately grim .
tr	NNS	Reyes wanted to sweep Danika up and carry her away from the fortress , but she wanted answers , so he would get them for her .
tr	NNS	The chains that had kept Spider captive fell away .
tr	NNS	Wiping my eyes , the wetness caught me by surprise .
tr	NNS	Still , instincts were never to be ignored .
tr	NNS	Through the years , her supporters had faded into wan shades of themselves .
tr	NN	Every inch of her skin burned with desire .
tr	NN	' The 12th anomaly is still missing ... should we not concentrate on her ? '
tr	NN	" My dear Nancy , this girl is worth some expense : you don 't often see her equal .
tr	NNS	Her attempts to keep her brood quiet only added to the distractions .
tr	NNS	His companions closed in .
tr	NNS	Family members and friends join these events .
tr	NN	The other patrons of the saloon turned around to see the commotion , but it ended as soon as it started .
tr	NN	A mindless mob born into hatred , who is asked by the rest of the world to bury the hatchet , along with all those massacred .
tr	NNS	Sadness swept across her features , and I hated that I put it there .
tr	NN	The gleam in her eye flickered for a moment and she sighed .
tr	NN	In the midst of the stale silence , the warrior spoke in a whisper .
tr	NNS	Our forests toppled , not just bit by bit , but acres every day , to make them fit for ranches , towns and roads .
tr	NNS	The stone discs began drifting lazily off the ground into the air gathering speed and falling upwards towards the growing sun .
tr	NNS	The legends in this area proliferate like flies on honey , so be prepared for some puzzlers and probably a few whoppers .
tr	NN	A ragged sob clamped in my throat .
tr	NN	The great Donovan Woods final y comes in and sits down at the head of the table .
tr	NN	Then , he spat on the floor , his saliva was mixed with blood from the large cut that now oozed from his mouth .
tr	NNS	Second , many possible explanations for that oddity require the rest of the jack to be in your garage , and it wasn 't .
tr	NNS	There 're still classes , Nathaniel !
tr	NNS	Her spines shot out , a sign of arousal and fear .
tr	NN	The guard captain poked his head in .
tr	NNS	The wolves got Vela ! "
tr	NN	From the edge of the woods the agonizing screams of the animal shot across camp .
tr	NN	Part of it was curiosity .
tr	NN	So did a young parlor maid who 'd had her lip split by the senior footman when she refused his amorous advances .
tr	NN	The Program is more than halfway over , and we should celebrate .
tr	NNS	Fake torches flickered and chandeliers hung from the ceiling .
tr	NN	There 's a stirring in my gut ; I know what Lennox is going to say , but I don 't want to believe it .
tr	NNS	But two drinks and I 'm quite tipsy .
tr	NNS	The images on the crystal surface pulled quickly into focus .
tr	NN	' Even the black market is wary of them . '
tr	NN	An entire spectrum of objects comes into view , glowing ever so slightly from the magical power of Mai 's lens .
tr	NN	" But what I would have said in my email is you don 't have to worry about any of this .
tr	NN	The cold undertone in her voice surprised me and I remembered what she said about him moving in a different society .
tr	NN	At any moment this entire square , stolid with flutes and spices , could solidify altogether , trapping us in this brutal moment .
tr	NN	His briefcase was on his desk ready , and his jacket was lying on top of it .
tr	NNS	The surroundings were of Brompton , but the voice might have come from a Rabbi .
tr	NN	My first instinct was to yell a warning .
tr	NN	" My uncle wasn 't dead then .
tr	NNS	Lights flash as ambulances drive up under the port and the glow reflects off the rain on the ground , red , like blood .
tr	NN	" That 's it , " the timbre of Gabriel 's voice was grim .
tr	NN	Now , Kevin teacher will be here shortly , so please take your seats . "
tr	NNS	Things keep pointing back at him .
tr	NN	There was a shriek of fury and Kata bit her lip as the phantom struck out , knocking Uriel into one of the stalagmites with shocking force .
tr	NNS	Aurelius had gotten the photographs back .
tr	NNS	Once broken into tiny denominations the funds became invisible .
tr	NNS	Dirt and stone chips rained down on her as Nate made slow progress upward .
tr	NN	The monstrosity barreled down on me .
tr	NN	Her escort stopped , signalled for the door to be opened .
tr	NN	Every inch of my body tightened .
tr	NNS	Army uniforms predominated and at the perimeter of the cleared area , a line of tanks and major weapons was displayed - formidable armament still in production .
tr	NN	Asha 's sick notion to free his child from the curse was like a blade twisting in his gut .
tr	NNS	There were rose petals floating on the top .
tr	NNS	Pretty soon all the passengers knew about Sandra 's news and there were hugs and kisses all round .
tr	NNS	Cars honked , people yelled , buses spilled heavy exhaust fumes into the air .
tr	NNS	Things were getting crazier by the second .
tr	NN	Said Lee holding up the lamp in his hand and they all froze to the spot , the vicar moved closer to Clarence .
tr	NNS	Things which have enormous importance to those on the ground seem to shrink into insignificance .
tr	NN	I stared at him , did the long blink as if I were having trouble focusing .
tr	NN	" That language is not just dead .
tr	NNS	What its aims are ? "
tr	NNS	Questions started floating around her head .
tr	NN	" Your papa and me . "
tr	NNS	Divorce courts are cruel against a man with a good job .
tr	NN	Only the leader remained unmoved , his smile becoming a smirk as he clasped his baton to his side and jerked his head upwards .
tr	NN	Easing open my stinging lids , the faintest sliver of light blurred my vision .
tr	NN	The smoker made an obscene hand gesture and stomped inside the townhouse .
tr	NN	" Welcome aboard , Ms. Sexton , " the captain said .
tr	NN	" The Empire Mall ? "
tr	NNS	Reyes reached for her , pulling her into his arms .
tr	NNS	At this point , no consequences could compete with the hell of spending more time with Slade Montgomery .
tr	NNS	The warriors who had fled like cowards suddenly turned , and rushed down on the men of Gwynedd as they rose in triumph from the waters .
tr	NN	This organization helps in some small way to rid the earth of vermin . "
tr	NN	Now every bounty hunter , cop on the take , and snitch in the city is after them .
tr	NN	Her pulse beat frantically as if calling to him .
tr	NN	The government has fully deployed their federal and military assets to respond to the attack or attacks .
tr	NNS	Things were going to get bad fast .
tr	NNS	There were several teachers and two police officers in the large room made up of glass walls .
tr	NNS	But the facts were disturbing .
tr	NN	There was a faint click .
tr	NNS	Gramps clears his throat .
tr	NN	Where was the loyalty ?
tr	NNS	Bugs replied with a sly grin .
tr	NN	" Conventional wisdom craps out again . "
tr	NNS	Makes stuff up and spins tales about it .
tr	NNS	On the walls the fire letters were already fading .
tr	NN	My weakening resolve was officially about to be a lost cause .
tr	NNS	Their deliveries and rides were more dangerous than ever before , all because of their deal with Gonzalez on transporting drugs .
tr	NNS	But those scenes would be unendurable .
tr	NN	Gene 's second cough sounded to him like the noise a dog made when it wanted to be picked up .
tr	NN	By far my best birthday gift ever !
tr	NN	There was a never-ending parade of vehicles traversing all sectors of the great metropolis and at all hours of the day and night .
tr	NN	The dean stepped in .
tr	NN	What a race the Welsh are for song : songs of joy , songs of beauty and songs of war .
tr	NNS	The hackles rose along Chewie 's back .
tr	NNS	A few stores offered peep shows and porn , tattoos and adult toys .
tr	NNS	The four mech wolves hurtled downwards , legs flailing against thin air .
tr	NNS	The werewolves exchanged looks .
tr	NN	" So you 're sticking around , " Jazz said .
tr	NN	Wesley , the human tech for the NSC nodded , looking anywhere but at me .
tr	NN	Did his uncle provide a nice service ? "
tr	NNS	" Flowers , " Fiona answered in her usual placid tone , saving me .
tr	NN	Jazz nodded for Willa and MiMi to move even farther away to a bench on the opposite side of the room .
tr	NN	The renovation looked more like a museum , like something out of the natural history wing of the Royal British Society .
tr	NNS	That puffs of vapor periodically emerged from cracks in the walls .
tr	NNS	Her instincts told her he was trouble .
tr	NN	There 's no proof that anyone killed Nisha , or that her death had anything to do with me .
tr	NN	The truck loading dock was off to the right , two overhead doors .
tr	NNS	Myles didn 't like that comment , and his expression showed it , but Isaac saw no point in giving Claire false hope .
tr	NN	Wicked intent gleamed in his expression .
tr	NN	The trick was to meet it with open arms so that when it ran me over , it wouldn 't break anything . "
tr	NNS	Looks like he should still be in uniform . "
tr	NN	The younger Robbie walks to Francesca and takes her hand .
tr	NN	My goal for the day had rapidly changed from ' Find glory and slay the enemy ' to ' Try not to die , Naji . '
tr	NN	Fortunately for Todd , no candidate was sitting in the seat at the bar next to them or Todd would have been talking to himself .
tr	NN	The gryphon stared at me , and I felt a wave of pride wash off him - that yes , he did have to bring us here .
tr	NN	The highway stretched on , dark and empty .
tr	NNS	Tea breaks : a period of time without working solely to enjoy a beverage , madness , but imagine a world without it . "
tr	NN	Not since Bob 's partner had died .
tr	NNS	But there weren 't more creatures .
tr	NN	The secretary told him .
tr	NN	There 's a spectrum of Asperger 's , from mild to severe - " I barely heard her .
tr	NNS	Screams ripped through the peace we 'd been enjoying , piercing the very air we breathed , and echoed outside our hut .
tr	NN	My pulse thundered to a gallop .
tr	NN	Their sacrifice had begun first , and so their murders had been more thorough .
tr	NN	A heap of blankets covered the bed ; she pulled them away and felt her heartbeat stutter in a frozen , dreamlike instant .
tr	NN	The video cuts off abruptly .
tr	NNS	But the cases were often about more than just a chemical imbalance or some brain defect .
tr	NN	the parrot asked in Corinne 's voice .
tr	NNS	He will be told that the circumstances must be investigated , his statements corroborated with the ticket agency .
tr	NN	My uncle and his sons didn 't live on any ordinary property .
tr	NNS	The other two gangs could only watch with frustration as all three dashed away .
tr	NNS	The teachers always have bottled water .
tr	NNS	Diggs had put his camera away and was gesturing toward the back of the house .
tr	NNS	The rats , the dancing papers , and the grime , had disappeared .
tr	NNS	Flames flicked intermittently in and out of site as if being blocked by someone or something .
tr	NN	The captain turned around and said , " We 're here . "
tr	NN	The last hand width of it was a rubber handle .
tr	NN	Part of her didn 't blame Jackson for the beatings .
tr	NN	' The hunt was not as good as last year .
tr	NNS	Reyes couldn 't blame them .
tr	NN	The principal dropped the silver chain and strode over to the window which overlooked the front of the school .
tr	NNS	Looks like I 'm going to have to prove you wrong . "
tr	NNS	" My glorious ancestors would never have consented to allow these upstart Republicans to lead in a warlike enterprise of this kind .
tr	NN	The dwarf hammered on the door .
tr	NNS	His fears were going to be faced and ended .
tr	NNS	Flames blossomed from the hood of our mangled mess .
tr	NNS	Then no insults would be necessary .
tr	NNS	" And a 2005 Mustang GT . "
tr	NN	Ordinarily not very perceptive in social situations , Pierce 's recent enlightenment must have sparked something in his brain .
tr	NNS	" Things were great at first until I realized that our relationship was all fake . "
tr	NN	" This land is rich in precious metals , and we will not be chased away by a race of serpents , " the commander insisted .
tr	NNS	Things couldn 't get any better for me at the moment .
tr	NNS	No other wolves were around .
tr	NNS	Still , his instincts warned him that he was deliberately being needled and he was filled with a sense of foreboding .
tr	NNS	The meetings grew longer and longer .
tr	NNS	The media was in overdrive , salivating on every detail , imagined or real .
tr	NN	An identical dimple showed in Cleo 's cheek .
tr	NNS	Her own boldness stunned her .
tr	NN	A silver bullet through the heart would have been very permanent . "
tr	NNS	Ninety degrees in the shade , and God knows how hot it was on these black shingles .
tr	NN	" A scratch that 's got you purple and black on your temple . "
tr	NNS	The nurses are watching him and the doctor is always on call . "
tr	NN	The spit dries in my mouth .
tr	NN	A real , girly , high-pitched giggle that originated somewhere in my sinuses and made me want to slap myself .
tr	NNS	" The roads are bad .
tr	NN	Contact the others , Jacques , tell them what 's going on . "
tr	NNS	The West Ham fans in our section stood up in unison , some of them making threatening gestures towards the police .
tr	NNS	Catching up with the runaways the cousins heard them decide to go for help .
tr	NN	Surely if my little sword had made the giant screech , the fierce trident should have elicited some response .
tr	NNS	Girls in Pink stood about and at attention .
tr	NN	A person 's declaration of faith is sufficient evidence of conversion to Islam and need not be confirmed by others or by religious authorities .
tr	NN	A chosen warrior with a maniacal arch nemesis and a dreamy boyfriend , the type that can make your knees melt and your heart quiver .
tr	NNS	What did the members think the club needed ?
tr	NNS	The emptiness of the parking lot has an even worse influence on me .
tr	NN	The new Frederick Stillman musical , " she said , referring to the revered composer .
tr	NNS	The antibodies lined up side by side , their spaghetti strand projections entangling .
tr	NNS	Images burst into existence before his eyes .
tr	NN	" We haven 't even been formally served yet , " the attorney explained .
tr	NNS	Sadness pulls at my stomach .
tr	NN	" The dragon is on our side this time and so is the Source . "
tr	NN	" Not bloody likely , " my partner said angrily .
tr	NNS	Along with the substantive changes , formatting changes would show up , as well as any comments or questions posed by the reviewer .
tr	NNS	His cheekbones and the line of his jaw were sharper , and his eyes had a haunted look about them .
tr	NNS	Their scales were sparse if they had any at all .
tr	NN	The vicar opened his mouth a couple of times and put a hand to his throat , " oh , what a pity . "
tr	NNS	Two banks of these monstrosities faced one another in the trough , about twenty feet apart .
tr	NNS	His shark instincts flamed to life .
tr	NN	" Ok now , younglings , it is getting late and we have another long day ahead .
tr	NN	There is also mint sauce and some parsnip mash in a covered dish .
tr	NN	Problem was , this routine was necessary .
tr	NN	His partner was Marla , and she was indeed a mom from the suburbs of Philadelphia .
tr	NN	The applause was gratifying , but hardly well-educated .
tr	NNS	Fairly odd , all these creatures did was roar winds at people .
tr	NNS	Werewolves can transform outside of the full moon -- in broad daylight , nonetheless .
tr	NNS	Sadness washed over me when I remembered the other whom I 'd lost .
tr	NNS	How many cases are really out there ?
tr	NN	Real estate appreciation was stalling , and the news was peppered with stories of a housing bubble .
tr	NN	The operation had proceeded flawlessly .
tr	NN	There was no escaping that gaze once it fixed on you , even across a packed dance floor in a Las Vegas club .
tr	NNS	Still , the sisterly kisses on the cheek the last couple of times they parted had left her feeling suspicious .
tr	NNS	" Where are the mines from here ? "
tr	NN	" Just another ploy to make Wayward Pines feel real .
tr	NN	There is no guilt in what happened .
tr	NNS	The grade school buddies ran through the open patio door , around the pool , and over the fence .
tr	NNS	When in danger , exits and entryways become important .
tr	NNS	" Things blossom in their time .
tr	NNS	I surrounded my fist with my static and my legs felt light with it , my movements were sure , precise and swift .
tr	NN	Dwarf and man glared at one another , while they got their breath .
tr	NN	The maid nodded , and Hugh shot a glance at Remington , who was beginning to scowl .
tr	NN	The old priest hadn 't lost a bit of his strength .
tr	NN	A second orgasm barreled down , carrying her away on a streaking comet of passion .
tr	NN	Maybe the sheriff would allow them to leave if someone else was arrested for Riley 's death .
tr	NN	" The spine isn 't even broken . "
tr	NNS	Things had seemed to be amicable on the surface , but the lying , cheating bastard had abused Maddy 's innocence and love .
tr	NNS	There are a few other possibilities , but at present none of them works well enough . '
tr	NN	The stately warrior stiffened .
tr	NN	That other bitch is just the body that carried my mum . "
tr	NN	And the yard looks so pretty . "
tr	NNS	Others groaned , forcing themselves upright .
tr	NN	A pulse beat in the palms of her hands and she curled them into fists , feeling a wild hum in her blood .
tr	NNS	Could classes and jobs resume on Monday ?
tr	NNS	Soldiers rode inside a fortress built on top of the giant mammoths .
tr	NNS	The black frames were a stark contrast to the white walls throughout the apartment .
tr	NN	They ' l kil you !
tr	NN	His Uncle looked at Belay for an indication of what he should do .
tr	NNS	' Names are important . '
tr	NN	Somewhere in the world some executive was waiting for him to return his call .
tr	NNS	Words like passing away and cremation were not everyday words in Helen 's vocabulary .
tr	NN	A bullet shot clean through Marius 's chest and he made a small noise , as if someone had just pinched him a little too hard .
tr	NN	The stab of pain made me gasp with relief until I realized it only came from one finger .
tr	NNS	But the experiments never worked .
tr	NN	His declaration knocked the air out of her lungs .
tr	NNS	His two thumbs found the man 's eyeballs as his hands grabbed his ears .
tr	NN	Link shook his head .
tr	NN	Her intellect took over , assessing the situation between them .
tr	NN	" Okay , " he called , " coast is clear . "
tr	NNS	Werewolves had human mates at times and they produced human children .
tr	NN	The mechanism seemed to be moving along its cycle properly so far .
tr	NN	He pivoted away , surprisingly light on his feet and launched himself at me , the rag clutched tight in his hand .
tr	NN	There was a crash from above .
tr	NNS	Curious she dug in a little deeper and began to look at what wasn 't there more than what was .
tr	NN	What can your dread master offer that the True Master cannot give ten thousand times more abundantly , save perhaps death and despair ? "
tr	NNS	" And the blood tests come back the same as the grandmother .
tr	NNS	The pills help to do that .
tr	NN	There was a challenging glint in his eyes as he waved an invitation to the slinky low black leather passenger seat .
tr	NN	The unease my parents had been feeling had given way to surprise and confusion .
tr	NNS	Their bleak expressions answered me .
tr	NNS	" Quick , change the locks , " I said sarcastically , knowing full well if G.R. wanted him in this house the locks wouldn 't matter .
tr	NN	A bullet slammed into the wood behind me ; I felt the splinters against my calf .
tr	NN	The fifty-fifty gamble had somehow worked in his and Arnold 's favour , but for how long ?
tr	NNS	All around them , couples were taking their places for the new dance to begin .
tr	NNS	Then the footsteps were rushing away .
tr	NN	With his life out of immediate danger , the sergeant took a chance and spoke .
tr	NNS	Hands outstretched , flapping the air , he said , " Rosa , calm down , it 's ok , you 're safe now . "
tr	NNS	Cars honked , and people laughed and talked , excitement dripping from their voices .
tr	NN	And the smells of cheap liquor and vomit helped put them off the scent .
tr	NN	The author of that call girl memoir . "
tr	NN	A marble accented mahogany reception desk greeted me .
tr	NNS	How many Earth franchise planets are within return load bullet shop range of here ? "
tr	NNS	The images I knew , were from It .
tr	NN	Terror seeped to her bones .
tr	NNS	The ammo supplies weren 't sufficient to justify turning around to go down fighting .
tr	NN	This whole scenario is just too damn hot .
tr	NN	At precisely that moment , the pilot motions to us that he 's ready and we quickly move to board .
tr	NN	Then , a man dressed in a white coat arrived and gave them the same physicals any pilot would have received .
tr	NNS	Black tentacles suddenly rose up from Ares ' shadow .
tr	NN	The jaguar ignored the nocturnal animals and kept to her course , moving a little faster now that she was away from the cave system .
tr	NNS	Cassius always was good at thinking on his feet .
tr	NN	Caroline 's hunter eyes appraised Griffin .
tr	NNS	Dragons and beasts adorned the posts and stairs that ran up the sides of the aisles .
tr	NN	Who is this fellow she 's looking for ?
tr	NNS	Werewolves only came at night because they were prosecuted in ancient times .
tr	NN	A trickle of moisture settled between her legs , and her desire to have him inside her grew .
tr	NNS	Once the boat was unloaded , the couples departed one by one , until only Gabby , Stephanie , and Travis remained .
tr	NNS	The black and white colors , well , that is simply because there is nothing better than the classic tuxedo look . "
tr	NNS	The ducks kept coming .
tr	NNS	" And his movies have been on TV ever since .
tr	NN	Our optimism pays off .
tr	NN	" That 's all right , " the studio executive assured him .
tr	NN	" Child , " Merrill held Franklin away from him gently , " we must say goodbye to Greg .
tr	NNS	Two halves become a whole .
tr	NN	An equal partner and lover , yes , but never a masculine crutch .
tr	NN	What time is your fitting ?
tr	NN	But the insurance contract demands that " the keys remain in the possession of a company employee at all times " .
tr	NNS	The Venetian paintings were bloody awful . "
tr	NN	" A brain surgeon doesn 't need to be as thorough as he is . "
tr	NNS	Soldiers on foot were capable of covering twenty miles a day when pressed ; cavalry almost twice that distance .
tr	NN	His secretary answered the phone on the first ring .
tr	NNS	" My birthdays aren 't like a funeral ! "
tr	NNS	The mothers said hush to the babies .
tr	NN	" Three rainbow trout !
tr	NNS	It would not be right , their prayers were special and needed special Gods to hear them .
tr	NNS	In time , the creatures grew strong and large , and those that survived donned armor of scales and learned cunning ways to evade their vicious assailant .
tr	NN	With every drop that fell , guilt and regret shredded my insides .
tr	NNS	Desperate mothers will try anything . "
tr	NNS	The tickets haven 't gone on sale yet . "
tr	NNS	" Usually , the thumbs come out as fingers . "
tr	NN	The surgeon , Mr. Hunter , squatted next to him , observing him with bright-eyed interest .
tr	NNS	Delores pursed her lips and regarded me for a long moment before answering .
tr	NN	Love built slower for me the second time around , but no less strong . "
tr	NNS	Amid murmurs of approval , his colleagues began to filter into the room , waiting for the restaurant staff to finish the setup .
tr	NNS	The manly testosterone effects of the bikes were certainly working on her and Jenny .
tr	NNS	Mixed species come out whichever species happens to have the dominant gene . "
tr	NNS	The ladies were the worst .
tr	NN	The denim hugged her curves and the long sleeved t-shirt showed off every dip and swell .
tr	NNS	Folks here ' bout still tryin ' to birth a myth . "
tr	NN	The degree of control over the ' guests ' was incredible .
tr	NNS	Her damn post-pregnancy insecurities were getting to her .
tr	NN	Alex Rodin 's secretary came down to escort her up to the third floor .
tr	NN	The airport rose behind us in a looming , endless bulk .
tr	NN	a lady agent named Sandy asked .
tr	NN	The government only authorized us for a compact .
tr	NN	" A former Warrior of the Blood , now serving Greaves . "
tr	NN	My lack of an answer to the very first question disclosed my secret .
tr	NN	The marble is so smooth it could be a mirror , and the windows are placed just right to catch the light . "
tr	NN	In their absence , Ballard 's exploration of Echo 's body becomes more pointed .
tr	NN	The next morning , when I arrived at school , my teacher had a surprise for me .
tr	NNS	But despite the lack of any major breakthrough , drips of information were coming out of the work .
tr	NNS	The tests would only tell us things .
tr	NN	Link wasn 't getting anywhere .
tr	NNS	Okay , now my instincts , instincts I didn 't know until then I had were saying something wasn 't right .
tr	NNS	Her high cheekbones sported a fresh , thin cut that sat jagged , leaving her skin appearing pallid , sickeningly so .
tr	NNS	Howling winds and sheets of ice dominated his senses .
tr	NNS	Two pairs of female eyes narrowed at him .
tr	NN	" My vanity took a hard knock , that 's all . "
tr	NNS	Looks like he 's been checking out the famous bourbon collection .
tr	NN	The redhead smiled coldly .
tr	NN	His career came first and Doctor Julie Cooper would be no exception .
tr	NN	Brand , equally implacable , marched south to meet him .
tr	NNS	Strange colors here , " he mused .
tr	NNS	" Because it 's Monday the ladies and I will lead the Joyful mysteries .
tr	NN	The market was boisterous with crowds bustling their way between stalls which sold all manner of local produce and wares .
tr	NNS	In early times , the legends said the adult child understood the power they held , and attempted to exploit it and others .
tr	NNS	Sadness crossed her face for a moment , but was replaced with all smiles .
tr	NN	Just when she thought she couldn 't take anymore , the second intruder came at her from the curved hall .
tr	NNS	Fallen berries littered the forest floor , scarlet juices staining the mud where the berries had burst .
tr	NNS	Bottles of solvent rain down on us like gasoline .
tr	NN	The bastard in the lab coat had said ... Did he kill me ?
tr	NN	The whole scenario puzzled Kathy greatly .
tr	NNS	Ryan and Claire crowded around us , their worried expressions softened by the sight of the child wrapped in my arms .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of saving life were far away though -- thoughts of taking it clouded her mind .
tr	NN	The local food pantry had then sold raffle tickets for that prize and earned over $ 900 with which they stocked their shelves .
tr	NN	The Jeep jostled over roots and buckled earth .
tr	NN	A low growl closed on him .
tr	NN	Though the Nyon had acquired their crystal , their present goal ... one they were working towards with a smaller vision , was unaffected by it .
tr	NNS	Quantum objects help to enhance this two-person white , hot , sticky state .
tr	NNS	Four soft , quick taps of the keys later , and he had completed the alteration .
tr	NN	His deep , gentle baritone lulled her , as the words tore at her with their sadness .
tr	NN	In the corner was an old fingerprint roller and a leaning stack of ancient parking meters .
tr	NNS	My helmet scans registered a sound like that of thunder outside the ship and the air pressure and gravity pressure readings became scrambled .
tr	NNS	Once wakened , the sacred blades must take life before they can be returned to rest .
tr	NN	The silver-haired gentleman stepped aside to make room at the microphone .
tr	NN	In the other room , the rocking paused for a moment and then resumed .
tr	NNS	Pointing to the left of the building , she says , " Your sleeping quarters are down that hall , just look for Room 2C . "
tr	NNS	Dragons don 't talk to humans , let alone make promises to them ! "
tr	NN	When 's your birthday ? "
tr	NNS	Our nervous teachers had given each student a card with an innocuous question on it .
tr	NN	Maybe her new neighbor made her uneasy , but she wasn 't about to let her father know that her situation was less than perfect .
tr	NNS	Things were much safer in Italy .
tr	NNS	Jewels dropped down over her forehead .
tr	NN	The way Aly looks at you ?
tr	NNS	His pupils expanded and his lips compressed .
tr	NN	his blood splattered , his eyes glazed , " He cried .
tr	NNS	Others , like me , change to human form if they leave . "
tr	NN	Absolute insanity broke out .
tr	NN	" Also possibly some cucumber sandwiches . "
tr	NNS	The three Rats spread out onto the small platform as much as they could .
tr	NNS	Lights were on in almost every room in the house .
tr	NNS	There were several possible leads to chase down .
tr	NNS	The mattress was soft on her back , Cameron 's warm body over hers .
tr	NNS	Officials say there 's no sign of foul play .
tr	NNS	And Max 's paintings are stunning .
tr	NN	There wasn 't a moment 's hesitation in her simple answer , nor a hint of reservations in her steady gaze .
tr	NNS	" These cards will serve as room keys for your state room .
tr	NN	And such a porcelain ram stood next to the basket .
tr	NNS	By this time there were many more creatures in their way .
tr	NNS	Things like whether I took too many pills on purpose . "
tr	NNS	As he deepened the kiss , images swirled through her mind , frightening images that made no sense .
tr	NN	Our Raiders usually make it to the district tournament , if not further .
tr	NNS	But the seats had compensations .
tr	NNS	Others formed a cordon around me , guarding me with their own lives .
tr	NN	Its jewel-like sheen drew men in , made them slobbering , drooling fools .
tr	NNS	Two nurses came running into the room .
tr	NN	When he was uncertain about something , his Southern accent always made an appearance , and it was in evidence now .
tr	NNS	My colleagues were quick to explain that these well-read posters were mildly worded political criticisms and calls for greater personal freedoms .
tr	NN	The newcomer had looked at her as if she was crazy .
tr	NN	The following morning Lara stopped in at a bank on La Salle Street .
tr	NN	The chaos I 'd created hadn 't been intentional but it would come in handy .
tr	NNS	The pupils began to move in clusters .
tr	NNS	Two shadowy figures hovered around her , one boy , one girl .
tr	NN	The stair leading to the ground floor of the mill creaked .
tr	NN	What 's your grandma gon na do ?
tr	NNS	Things changed temporarily when my father passed away .
tr	NNS	The changes were odd , but he wasn 't about to tell her that .
tr	NN	The beeping of his phone told him either the call was dropped , or his agent had hung up on him .
tr	NN	" The principal told me to expect you .
tr	NNS	It hit the floor with a thwack , the contents spilling out .
tr	NN	A large growl came behind us and Sam turned .
tr	NNS	When I entered the room , there were five bathing suits , all bikinis , spread out on the bed .
tr	NNS	" All the peaks have them around here , for snowstorms mainly . "
tr	NNS	At first , there was a slight stiffness to her posture .
tr	NN	His sheer sexuality was overpowering .
tr	NNS	All persons can do this , until they enter drugs , medications , toxins or chemical agents into the body , and then the ability fades .
tr	NN	The angel placed her hand in his .
tr	NNS	Things were not what they had seemed .
tr	NNS	" Where are your girlfriends today then Ellie ? "
tr	NNS	There were letters too , as if responses to letters written with pictures already sent to them .
tr	NNS	" There 's a gym downstairs ? "
tr	NNS	Thoughts of Wendy occasionally crept in .
tr	NNS	There were drugs , there was excitement and challenge around every corner , and it was a blast until things got too deep .
tr	NNS	They were two eagles , talons gripped together , falling from the sky .
tr	NNS	Bolt 's instincts had sent him one way then another .
tr	NNS	The two robed figures looked to be two of the same sort ... and what , after all , did she know of this Director ?
tr	NNS	If any of the McDonalds knew that Keeley had given sanctuary to Alaric , the accusations would abound once more .
tr	NN	That bitch had deserved to die .
tr	NN	My grandmother was a seamstress and milliner who rented a small space in a shop not far from my grandfather 's .
tr	NNS	Purebred shifters lived longer , much longer than their hybrid counterparts .
tr	NN	The only other requirement is to become ASE certified by graduation , which should be a breeze for you . "
tr	NNS	His actions led to the poisoning of the king 's soul ; his transformation into a monstrosity ; and , in time , his death .
tr	NN	His devilish chuckle rumbled in her ear .
tr	NN	Not an enviable task when the majority of his shipmates were touring paradise .
tr	NN	" Obviously not , but -- " " I can 't believe this ! "
tr	NNS	" If so , why did creatures crawl out onto the land and lose their ability to breathe under water ? "
tr	NN	" No offense , " Bartley grumbled , " but we are going to keep our distance .
tr	NNS	All the colors of things around me became deeply saturated , the red of my dress , the green of Gideon 's eyes .
tr	NNS	those letters were intoxicating .
tr	NN	His own stench made him want to gag .
tr	NN	" China air defense , your understanding about international waters is a distorted one .
tr	NN	As she places the first batch of pancakes on the table .
tr	NNS	Waves and waves of powerful force bounced inside her like the first time she had met him , but this time a pulling sensation accompanied it .
tr	NN	The sharing of my name is no small matter .
tr	NNS	Looks scarier than it is . "
tr	NNS	I spin around on the bench , startled so badly my heart slams against my chest .
tr	NNS	Things had gone back to normal , and Selena couldn 't have been happier that all was well with her boyfriend and friends .
tr	NN	The brown-eyed maid and the healer began to clean me again .
tr	NNS	Flames licked up from the wound like blood .
tr	NNS	The only items in the neatly arranged cabinet were shaving equipment and cologne .
tr	NN	Any interruption was welcome .
tr	NNS	There are millions of dimensions , and each world has a different frequency from all its nearest neighbours , like radio wavelengths .
tr	NNS	" Of course six inches isn 't that high to a five and a half foot woman . "
tr	NN	His brown mane fluttered in the breeze .
tr	NN	The newcomer wore a dull tan overcoat , a pair of brown trousers , and a simple white shirt .
tr	NN	The sheriff has donned his sheriff 's uniform and quizzes them about what happened .
tr	NN	In his nervousness , Henri 's French accent labored forth as he came toward me with open arms .
tr	NN	The balcony is my little sanctuary where I relax , read romance novels , and escape to the places that most hopeless romantics do . "
tr	NNS	More footsteps sounded , saving Opal and Dixon from any more of Clementine 's wrath - at least for the moment .
tr	NN	Her only garment was a broad silken girdle .
tr	NN	His posture still radiates deep mourning , but he remains steadfast as ever .
tr	NN	The misery just came in waves , crushing her underneath .
tr	NNS	On either side of him , clothes were hung on specially ordered plastic hangers , the colors organized as precisely as an artist 's wheel .
tr	NN	" No , " the mayor replied .
tr	NNS	Or maybe , ' drugs are never good entertainment , right ? ' "
tr	NN	The knight stumbled into the room behind her and went straight to the bed .
tr	NN	Somewhere in the east , lightning cracked across a pale pink sky .
tr	NN	The outside layer of chocolate had melted from the heat .
tr	NN	The leopard climbed into the bed of the wagon , snuggling beneath Alma to serve as her pillow .
tr	NNS	Various smaller tunnels branched off the main one , some of them too small to admit a human form .
tr	NN	And unlike earlier , the liquid that filled my lungs this time overtook me .
tr	NN	A rotted stair broke under his weight .
tr	NNS	Images flashed through my mind of days spent together , but it was like I was looking at two different people .
tr	NNS	Nothing malicious or mocking lay beneath his words .
tr	NNS	Glittering drops , off to the left , caught my eye .
tr	NN	In fact , the only folk lore of any kind related to vampires .
tr	NNS	Three globes stood on top of the bookcase -- one showing the features of this world .
tr	NNS	Two other hallways branched off from this one .
tr	NNS	Things had always been so urgent , needy with them .
tr	NN	I took her mouth , took command , control of the moment , the way I 'd needed to since I 'd set eyes on her again .
tr	NNS	If nothing else , these small signs refuted any doubts Horace still had about whether Harker , Todd , and Powell could be entangled together .
tr	NN	A simple design any of the villagers might fashion . "
tr	NNS	There are too many possibilities , and none of them makes me feel any less insecure .
tr	NNS	Eventually the drinks were there , and Murphy paid the barman , and went over to the table with them , offered one to Jim .
tr	NN	" He stands by the taillight , your honor , " said the attorney , with a straight face .
tr	NNS	The nurses brought our little girl over to us , wrapped in a blanket .
tr	NN	" And maybe some bicep curls . "
tr	NN	All that agony was helping to keep me wide awake .
tr	NNS	While everything else was paperless , cards were still around and expensive , because of their plant-based origins .
tr	NN	" The ambassador considered it a most signal honor .
tr	NN	A siren beeped , then hushed , and Alejo 's eyes narrowed .
tr	NNS	" Things happen , Jim . "
tr	NN	The pendant was gold covered in designs that made it look like the sun .
tr	NN	Love wasn 't a huge fan of salmonella .
tr	NNS	Reading minds is very helpful in certain situations . "
tr	NN	The rich bitch doesn 't want me touching her car . "
tr	NN	Her appeal was most likely nothing more than sexual frustration .
tr	NNS	There are many levels ... But wait . "
tr	NNS	The rows of paint seemed to light up and hold endless possibilities of landscapes and portraits , memories and dreams .
tr	NN	" You 're in big trouble , young man " was Dad 's greeting when I answered .
tr	NNS	The storefront signs and awnings hadn 't seen wash or polish in far too long .
tr	NN	The candlelight that bolstered the dreary morning light seemed more golden , the food more appetizing , Charlotte more beautiful .
tr	NN	Most normal human beings don , t know terms like that . "
tr	NNS	These objects were magic and eerie and subtly dangerous , and yet he felt he could examine them forever .
tr	NN	Simple , " he said with finality .
tr	NN	A tree limb scraped against the panes , reminding him that he 'd been standing in that same spot when his attacker had slipped up behind him .
tr	NN	Then the tip of the blade spins downward .
tr	NNS	Still , media brings out so many bad things every morning .
tr	NN	The trio needed to take the subway to Greenville , where both Alice and Ethan lived .
tr	NNS	As if suddenly snapping to , black pupils shifted and locked on mine .
tr	NN	The static on the screen fills the room with a sickly blue light , and a constant , invariable hiss comes from the speakers .
tr	NN	As I had feared , this powerful technique was too destructive .
tr	NNS	At this moment , there are thousands of people being held hostage on Mars in a place called , " The Shadow Colony " .
tr	NNS	A few prostitutes lingered along the edge of the room near the stairs .
tr	NN	Did my blush deepen ?
tr	NN	The concierge held true to his word , and a few minutes later , he supplied us with a guest keycard .
tr	NNS	The winds were slow so it didn 't cut through their faces as much as he 'd feared .
tr	NNS	Two servants are filling a tub with water .
tr	NNS	" Italian humanist scholars made a big deal out of learning Latin .
tr	NNS	Between the bits of silver and the sheer impact of the other ingredients , the wolves that went down weren 't very interested in getting up again .
tr	NN	The government calls it flood control .
tr	NN	A rubberized tube ran from one of the glass jars to a vein in Jocelyn 's left arm .
tr	NNS	Red chains trailed after , marking her path as the dogs barked and men yelled .
tr	NNS	The drops hung in the leaves of the tall trees and only fell through when shook out by a breeze .
tr	NNS	The television monitors were blank .
tr	NN	" Anne , you look marvelous , " was Elisabeth 's greeting .
tr	NNS	Words cannot adequately express my gratitude to these two adorable and loving brothers .
tr	NN	Right there when the cable starts to straighten out ? "
tr	NN	And then , a loud boom filled the air .
tr	NNS	A few feet away , couples were dancing to their prom song , holding each other tight .
tr	NN	We 're keen to help you avoid that , " said the supervisor , who was now struggling a bit .
tr	NNS	And there were court cases which concluded that in some instances animals did , indeed , have rights .
tr	NN	The consensus of the rush committee was to use the image that had them circled around the Alpha Phi sign on the front lawn .
tr	NN	The realisation brought with it the familiar feeling that he wasn 't in control .
tr	NN	A low , murmuring growl , like a dozen voices speaking at once , rolled through the trees .
tr	NNS	In fact , half the uniforms on this field had come from her sewing machine .
tr	NN	Large bicep and pectoral muscles that didn 't seem cumbersome , and he had a perfectly pronounced six-pack .
tr	NN	A frothy veil covers her face , and the skirt of her gown is wide , nearly as wide as the aisle they 're walking down .
tr	NN	But the shift lever is all yours . "
tr	NNS	There were other cells , double cells scattered throughout the room .
tr	NN	The bedside lamp was on now .
tr	NNS	Flames blazed around the small craft , which shook violently .
tr	NNS	Plus , his mental faculties will rapidly decline .
tr	NNS	Two figures , reflections , their feet to Psyche 's feet and mine , stood head downward in the water .
tr	NNS	Lewis 's eyelids suddenly flew open .
tr	NN	Perhaps the leader isn 't nearly as important as he thinks .
tr	NNS	And seductive designs , which owed much to Quentin , himself .
tr	NN	" The maximum security one down the road . "
tr	NN	Is there no limit that these machines will go to in order to safeguard us ?
tr	NN	Their success is our success . "
tr	NNS	Each night , the Northern Lights returned with a vengeance .
tr	NN	Part of the ceiling fell down , showering more letters on to the flames .
tr	NNS	His kisses were rough and hungry and passionate , as if he wanted to devour her .
tr	NN	A small chuckle escaped her ; the thing was stupid that was for sure .
tr	NNS	Several cats were sitting , lying , standing around .
tr	NN	A cough in the sleeping bag on the other side of the tent woke me .
tr	NN	The EOD agent had just ruined her plans .
tr	NNS	Hendricks had acted as if the cap was unimportant .
tr	NN	At that moment the black tree snake came crashing its way into the tunnel , lashing and snapping .
tr	NN	His posse of undead carnivores followed .
tr	NNS	After the guffaws died down , Bugs handed each man a manuscript containing the text of two new Perfect plays .
tr	NNS	But the images were fading , and the darkness getting deeper , and soon the drink would settle .
tr	NN	The sheriff stopped talking to the women and it became awkwardly quiet in the car .
tr	NN	Love could do anything .
tr	NNS	Up until that time , the aliens had relied on the Architects for nourishment and were given weekly rations of life sustaining chemicals .
tr	NN	A second strike sent him to his knees and a third knocked him to the ground .
tr	NNS	Maybe my instincts were right about this guy .
tr	NN	The rope shot up out of his hand and retreated into a hole in the alcove above the head of the door .
tr	NNS	Clan members seemed to know exactly what was to be done .
tr	NN	The attorney adjusted his glasses and spoke directly to the men and women in the front row .
tr	NN	Apparently watching TV was Chris 's favorite way to bond .
tr	NNS	All characters are fictitious .
tr	NNS	" Those Warlord pricks found out where Weaver 's family lived .
tr	NN	" Such a discovery would be too immense a revelation to sit in a gallery alongside the works of lesser artists . "
tr	NNS	The gorillas shifted their gaze to a far wall .
tr	NN	The surgery was extremely successful .
tr	NNS	Her sobs increased until she was hunched over and heaving .
tr	NNS	Her black hair was pulled back , goggles covered half her face but Grace still recognised her .
tr	NN	The tie was something Briggs only wore when he was on duty .
tr	NN	There was a mute chorus of unheard replies , and much shrugging of shoulders .
tr	NNS	The apartments on either side of us have the empty , forlorn look of children separated from their parents .
tr	NNS	His tales usually inspired looks of derision followed by social distancing .
tr	NNS	Things had gotten bad last night .
tr	NNS	Echo whispers , staring around in horror as the four of us enter a bustling marketplace .
tr	NN	Another bullet pinged off the metal , close enough that he flinched .
tr	NN	The majority of it is pure poppycock .
tr	NNS	Flowers were next on the agenda .
tr	NNS	Others shunned patrol duty to avoid witnessing their neighbors ' deaths .
tr	NN	On the floor was an expansive emerald green shag pile rug .
tr	NN	The vineyards surrounding Headquarters stretched out for miles and , in the far distance , a towering wall enclosed the whole area .
tr	NN	My weakness had always been and always would be Evangeline .
tr	NN	His uncle breathed a heavy sigh , and heard the door open and close .
tr	NN	" But what about the discipline part ? "
tr	NN	" Stop right there , Miss DeLong , " the tall agent commanded .
tr	NNS	And there were a few indications from the level look of the clouds that it might like to rain .
tr	NNS	The two MPs were looking at each other .
tr	NNS	The three dwarves were unwilling to enter the machine unless they were each given " a wee dram for the nerves . "
tr	NN	The stake was still in my hand .
tr	NNS	" The cats are waiting . "
tr	NN	A lamp was in the middle of the room , sitting on a terminal .
tr	NN	Love is a man-made emotion .
tr	NNS	The mattress dipped by my head .
tr	NN	His tail retracted , and Izzy fell several feet , her body landing hard .
tr	NNS	Under our feet , as we watched , the brown dead grasses turned green , fluttering lightly as the cool , refreshing breeze blew .
tr	NNS	" Things are seldom that simple in the orchestral world .
tr	NNS	Waves crashed like a frenzied heartbeat and Melinda looked ... pissed .
tr	NN	Song sat at the opposite end of the stone table .
tr	NN	The neat organization of their enclave had vanished in a few , devastating hours .
tr	NN	" The winner is the person who guessed twelve hundred and forty-eight ! "
tr	NN	Her grandmother had told her she couldn 't attend the party , yet she 'd snuck out of the house .
tr	NN	There 's no backup , and they think I 'll die instantly without it .
tr	NNS	About ten pirates escorting the cart down the hill broke off and started engaging Kidd 's men as they chased after them .
tr	NNS	His employers and fellow workers will tell you what a great guy he is .
tr	NN	The footman took a step back , dark eyes bewildered .
tr	NNS	Slow and careful movements helped minimize the sensation of her brain jostling in her skull and the nausea that accompanied it .
tr	NN	There was only one passenger in the business section , an older man in a brown three-piece suit .
tr	NNS	Flames shot up into the night sky .
tr	NNS	The other objects should continue to function very well . "
tr	NNS	The spreading wetness beneath my cheek makes no impression on me .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of Skate swirled around me , the conversation I 'd just had with Ollie fresh in my mind .
tr	NN	The investigator had interviewed Harold 's ex-wife .
tr	NN	The leader regarded Willow curiously and then spoke to his minions in a strange language .
tr	NN	He , d always known he didn , t make that 911 call .
tr	NN	His grandmother laughed and told him that life is always full of surprises , and what you make of it .
tr	NNS	The girls jaws dropped halfway to the floor when he said that .
tr	NN	There was a stack of calendars like this lying on the desk .
tr	NNS	His nostrils were flat holes in the center of his face , each one leaking mucus onto his lips .
tr	NNS	There were pillows covered in cream and the same shimmery light green of the drapes .
tr	NNS	Their movements were purposeful and Nate was sure they were not driven by him , but by someone else .
tr	NN	" What is this farce ? "
tr	NNS	But for once , the old legends and stories are not too far off from the truth .
tr	NNS	The same ages that happened long ago and my mother told me of princesses and noble people ?
tr	NN	" I think everyone is ready Luther , " her grandmother said softly , drawing her small legs beneath her once more .
tr	NN	The charming brick cottage that once gave me comfort and a sense of security felt insignificant and meager to me now .
tr	NN	The Keeper in him believed strongly that nothing should be lost , that every society was worth remembering .
tr	NNS	" Your Highness knows very well your mother died during your birth . "
tr	NNS	There were creatures in the darkness .
tr	NN	The explosive ordinance disposal unit , EOD , needs to be called in and it could take an hour for them to get here .
tr	NN	And the Canadian dollar is way down ; which makes it -- whoa .
tr	NNS	Flowers and vines snaked around the fountain , up the rock walls , across the floor .
tr	NNS	Four expressions turned stony and I realized I had found a loophole .
tr	NN	' Good view of Princess Road , ' Love said to Stuart .
tr	NN	A sliver of wood cut into my hand and I yelped pulling it back to see if I was bleeding .
tr	NNS	I walked across the living room , my footsteps ringing on the shiny wooden floorboards .
tr	NN	His big , fluffy grey moustache bristled as he spoke .
tr	NNS	So nice ... Sometimes the swirling images , the indescribable prisms of lights , morph into people .
tr	NN	That small-town bastard sheriff was going to get his , too .
tr	NN	Even now , dressed casually in black pants and a navy sports jacket , his clothing was top of the line and expensively tailored .
tr	NN	" The artificial nerve nets produce something vaguely equivalent to psychological space . "
tr	NNS	Otherwise the floors were bare of any rugs or other decorations .
tr	NNS	Hands covered eyes among the onlookers , all anticipating what was to come .
tr	NNS	The captains held onto the jutting rock but Anna was unable to maintain her grip .
tr	NN	A vast steam leaped up , white in the sudden dark under the moon .
tr	NN	The medication was still making her slightly sick , and she tired easily .
tr	NNS	Looks like there 's only one waitress working .
tr	NNS	There were two posters on the back of his door of two naked pin-up models .
tr	NNS	Nerves churn in my stomach , making me feel nauseated with fear .
tr	NN	" Rebekah 's attorney seems to really know what he 's doing .
tr	NNS	" The grenades killed a couple of our guys before our backup could respond .
tr	NNS	Bugs explained to everyone how the ledger had been destroyed .
tr	NNS	Soldiers slammed the rear doors shut .
tr	NNS	" Human drinks will also be necessary .
tr	NN	The entry closes off as the tide rises , then opens again at ebb .
tr	NN	Only an extraordinary and flexible rider could have pulled off a move like that .
tr	NN	Judging from the looks of it , and from what Lyle knew of the man , the sheriff felt justified grouping Rollins into the slobbering idiot category .
tr	NN	t call him ' the boy ' ! "
tr	NN	A hunter will practice until he never misses . "
tr	NNS	The cards need your energy . "
tr	NNS	In time , the living creatures of the earth took to the air to escape the dragon on the ground .
tr	NNS	However much she might desire him , her defenses were formidable .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared , and his lips twisted as he struggled to get the words out .
tr	NNS	Marius lie whimpering curled around his journal ; I kneeled putting my hand on his shoulder .
tr	NNS	But the seas are frozen and the ship won 't return , pity me , pity me . "
tr	NNS	The same Russian technicians who built her are working with us here , in Hangar Four , experimenting with far more modern space spiders .
tr	NN	" Alyssa , honey , your momma adores you and wants you to have loads of fun .
tr	NNS	There were a few necklaces , some scarves , a couple hats that were in fashion in the fifties .
tr	NNS	The marble tiles in the hallway were shiny and worn .
tr	NNS	A few strands of grass immediately caught fire .
tr	NNS	Paul 's objections are well-grounded : a terrorist would introduce modifications into the software with terrible consequences .
tr	NNS	Soldiers moved to pull them off , but coins shot up , taking the men almost as quickly as they made the attempt .
tr	NN	In your husband 's case , had he went home before collapsing , the injury would have most likely been fatal .
tr	NNS	Others yet wish to keep the flow of servants as the Citizenship stays more content when they don 't have to do servant work .
tr	NNS	The pack members always strode around the Manor with humourless importance .
tr	NNS	Her minions will soon be in charge at all the powerful , unaccountable , federal regulatory agencies .
tr	NN	Part of me wondered what held them here , but I had no intention of opening myself up to them and finding out .
tr	NN	A mounted knight rushed past her and swept a sword across a demon 's chest .
tr	NN	The demand was greater than the available rooms .
tr	NN	He couldn , t figure this out !
tr	NN	The real estate agent had green goo all over his head and his shiny blue suit .
tr	NNS	There are major highways cutting through the city here and here .
tr	NN	A boot of black leather landed on the fallen Dead God 's neck .
tr	NNS	Things have become much worse ... there is no way that Claire and I can remain here .
tr	NNS	The twins aren 't mine to protect .
tr	NNS	" Things have to change , Max . "
tr	NNS	Then there were bees in the room .
tr	NNS	The nine members of the Cabinet had chosen him as the first President of the UAS .
tr	NNS	The spines along the outside of the creature 's forearms were also very unusual .
tr	NNS	Things had become routine , easy .
tr	NNS	The recollections were both disturbing and a turn-on .
tr	NNS	The king 's movements slow , his long tail a hindrance on dry land .
tr	NN	Part of her would keep on insisting it was impossible .
tr	NN	" This oak probably only had a few feet to go when this was made .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flare like that of a bull .
tr	NNS	Barnabas whispered , " It would be something that you 'd have to do .
tr	NN	A beautiful brunette walked over with a tall dark-haired man .
tr	NNS	The chains she 'd erected broke , unleashing her will with a vengeance .
tr	NNS	' Cars in car parks -- whatever next , ' belittled her husband Alfred , whose peaceful morning saunter with a broadsheet was promptly extinguished .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , our opponents weren 't playing fair .
tr	NN	Though the group separated the keyboard player and bassist stuck to each other like the pages of a top shelf magazine .
tr	NNS	The cameras already rolled , recording everything that went on inside his house .
tr	NN	The principal disappears back into the school , to the comfort of air conditioning .
tr	NNS	No signs of the fire remained .
tr	NN	The vendor was getting our nachos at the time .
tr	NNS	Few humanoid races had ever mastered such mathematics .
tr	NNS	Though I must confess , the chips were vague about the religion of the time . "
tr	NNS	The passions within him flared with a shimmering heat at her provocative words .
tr	NNS	A few dusty rags lay in the grass at my feet , fluttering like paper .
tr	NNS	That I 'm worried my lies could cause someone to get hurt ?
tr	NN	" The sheriff 's guy . "
tr	NN	There was no honour in a wasteful death , he knew , and he joined those retreating to the fortress , arriving as the gates were closing .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of her troubles vanished under his kiss .
tr	NNS	The elves looked at each other with worried expressions .
tr	NNS	And reins would be about as much use as a rudder on a rock .
tr	NNS	Her thumbs were tapping against a handheld .
tr	NN	" Open the bay doors , " growled the dwarf , jerking his head at the dock .
tr	NN	The chase was on .
tr	NNS	Perhaps her letters simply had not reached him .
tr	NNS	Her talons dig nicely into the compacted sand , giving her a speed she has never felt before .
tr	NN	" No , " he said quickly , " there isn 't a snake . "
tr	NN	" I have something you might find useful , " the elder elf declared , changing the subject .
tr	NN	The dog 's tail fanned the air , and it danced a step forward and then back .
tr	NN	The lust in the air just then was so thick I felt like I could reach out and touch it with my hand .
tr	NN	The teacher went on to explain the work we were about to do after he stumbled and stammered over my name .
tr	NN	The benefit of the rain was that there was no dust blowing in with the warm breeze .
tr	NNS	His whispers are tender , the only sound in my ears .
tr	NN	Or the Nephilim race would lose more than the war .
tr	NNS	All the hallways look more or less the same to me , and there 's no map , even assuming we could read one .
tr	NNS	Maybe there were cameras out here , or a drone , monitoring their entire conversation .
tr	NN	His deep chuckle rumbled through me .
tr	NN	Her uncle was beginning to look quite sick with panic when Symes suddenly moved forward , tugging a sack from his doublet .
tr	NN	The incompetence that I have to work with , " he muttered to himself , staring at the ceiling .
tr	NN	Still , there 's the old television and the new answering machine .
tr	NNS	The roads must be passable .
tr	NNS	But the scenes remained clear , for she heard them .
tr	NNS	" Things are quiet that way .
tr	NNS	His actions were immature .
tr	NNS	Hostile glares came from many of the onlookers .
tr	NN	Funny , actual wrestling on a wrestling show is going over in the women 's division , go figure .
tr	NN	The wraith suddenly sank within Samuel , clearly being absorbed by him .
tr	NNS	Delores gestured toward my house with a sideways nod .
tr	NN	The elf slowly started forward and Tom 's mind raced for a way to catch the elf off balance .
tr	NNS	Despite his plea , the cords were quite tight .
tr	NN	The policeman joined the others , twirling his baton around in his hand and wiping the blood off on his pants .
tr	NNS	" The different types of air , " I continued , excited in spite of myself .
tr	NNS	Our shares were tanking .
tr	NNS	And maybe prince charming would save me from some mean parenting figure or from a deep sleep .
tr	NN	' Yeah , ' Love said , and chuckled .
tr	NN	" Stop -- " I wept , my resolve now wholly crumbled .
tr	NNS	The attendants shoved Brand up the stairs , onto the platform .
tr	NNS	The tunnels grew colder , the footing firmer , the deeper we went .
tr	NNS	The screens fill up with statistics .
tr	NN	" And that observation is what made you decide to come over here this afternoon ? "
tr	NN	The hysteria leaves for a second as she tries to understand my question .
tr	NNS	Animals had milled around .
tr	NN	By a priest in the holy waters of a church font ? "
tr	NNS	Stacks of medical equipment crowded the space around the beds and almost overshadowed the bodies lying upon them .
tr	NNS	Still , the sudden and dramatic changes were mind numbing at first .
tr	NNS	The wolves were moving in , watching our little performance with hungry eyes .
tr	NN	Not steam , " Shadow said .
tr	NN	The grooves in the bark were deep troughs .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately lies make the world go round and that 's not a good thing .
tr	NNS	Things become a little clearer and a lot less complicated every single time .
tr	NNS	His instincts told him right , as there she sat in the wooden swing on the large front porch .
tr	NNS	His hand tightened on her ankle , his predatory instincts sharpened by her struggles .
tr	NNS	Though with every passing day , the processes required more of her .
tr	NN	" The lord ordered our investigating team to catch him .
tr	NNS	" The other tunnels are underwater as well . "
tr	NNS	His shoulder blades and ribs itched , and the jacket made scratching futile .
tr	NNS	The authorities sent a list of names to all of the airports .
tr	NN	Her supervisor was in the room and he knew Kinsey couldn 't refuse without looking bad .
tr	NN	I catalogue , group , classify , and place each item in my life with unsparing precision .
tr	NN	The rope runs along the right wall .
tr	NN	His soft chuckle rose , and then he took her elbow and turned her toward the table where Marlene had set up the food buffet style .
tr	NNS	Families moved to this area from up north to work in the car factories springing up everywhere .
tr	NNS	There were no hotels in their village .
tr	NN	The mob in the square had grown larger as the initial winners of the lottery were about to be named .
tr	NNS	" Now , ladies and gentlemen , let us remember why we are here .
tr	NN	Then there was a short-lived and threatening growl .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of her college years , of the turmoil and pain of that time were hard to push away .
tr	NNS	The very traits that had once attracted him now repulsed him .
tr	NNS	" But fate changes all plans .
tr	NNS	Maris laid her head on her father 's chest , almost overwhelmed by the sudden rush of love for him .
tr	NN	The commander of the Red met with Heather as stories were being told around the campfire and they reviewed what had transpired .
tr	NNS	Maybe there are ladies close by .
tr	NNS	The boxers he had on hung on his hips and I sighed happily before jumping up to get ready .
tr	NN	A captain could undertake little without the quartermaster approving .
tr	NN	His grandmother would have been happy to give her the message .
tr	NN	A sliver of light appeared in the distance , beckoning to her , and she stretched her fingers toward it as a child would to its mother .
tr	NNS	The newspapers didn 't really print much . "
tr	NNS	The letters were small and hard to read . '
tr	NNS	The characters are believable , but not stereotyped or predictable .
tr	NNS	But the consequences of meddling with history boggled her mind .
tr	NNS	Fine blond wisps curled around her forehead and temples , framing her face .
tr	NN	Then I removed its hide , the cow 's not the farmer 's , placed it on the spit , and now watch it while it cooks .
tr	NN	There was no mistaking that pale skin , those intense gray eyes .
tr	NN	" The card Faith filled out when she rented the box .
tr	NN	Your papa -- God rest his soul -- always said I could do anything with the menu except take off the lasagna . "
tr	NN	This healer would rule with compassion and grace for decades .
tr	NNS	And eggs , ' added Doodle , his eyes lighting up excitedly .
tr	NNS	" Those creatures exist ? "
tr	NN	The medic seemed pretty sure he 'll make it . "
tr	NN	The chaos could serve them .
tr	NNS	Thoughts quickly filled and fluttered through his mind , and he steadily grew more afraid .
tr	NNS	One thing bothered him , small red spots were breaking out on his and Andra 's skin .
tr	NN	Chance met Gwen 's worried gaze .
tr	NN	The policeman cuffed Dr. Phelps .
tr	NN	A sob tore free of me , a wrenching agony twisted through my chest .
tr	NNS	Two chains emerged from thin air on the trident , sealing its power to control time .
tr	NNS	Glorious butterflies , gold , green , and a shimmering blue , danced over the blossoms , stopping to sip where they wished .
tr	NNS	The three leaders , now clad in appropriate island gear , started their search in earnest for the very important object .
tr	NN	From the left side of the corridor came the click of high heels .
tr	NN	There is a pattern here , isn 't there ? "
tr	NN	Nine years ago , a small raven haired child had watched helplessly as mommy screamed at daddy .
tr	NN	the other priest said .
tr	NN	The sheriff put me in mind of a basset hound .
tr	NNS	The gates in Annabelle 's mind swung wide-open , panic spilling through her .
tr	NN	" The winner of Battle Month is the Kitsune Clan ! "
tr	NN	For decades now the authoritarian North Korean regime had refused to change despite overtures from the Chinese , seemingly their one and only ally .
tr	NNS	The two visitors kept their eyes down on their plates after a quick glance upward , and they very deliberately did not look up .
tr	NN	Chance stepped in his path .
tr	NN	" The appetite comes with eating .
tr	NN	The stench of burning buildings mingled with the unmistakable scent of seared flesh motivated him well enough .
tr	NN	This one-month honeymoon was the only time I could just be a young man in love with his wife .
tr	NN	Storm finished closing the distance to her , clearly not caring what anyone thought when he put the back of his hand against her cheek .
tr	NN	His gut instinct put the guy in the creepy category , and Tom was still his impulsive self .
tr	NN	The reverend went missing , and the town wants someone to pay .
tr	NNS	Mark 's instincts told him Jessica was becoming less reserved .
tr	NNS	Girls stopped fainting in the hallways and the guys weren 't signing near as many autographs .
tr	NNS	Soldiers turned as they passed .
tr	NN	Or so her angel reminds me . "
tr	NN	The trick to breaking in a pointe shoe , my ballet teacher had said , was to make them look as ugly as possible .
tr	NNS	" The colors in the still life are odd -- too many yellows .
tr	NN	A moment later , a furry masked face peered around the corner , ducking back immediately .
tr	NNS	Dogs run off all the time .
tr	NN	The treasure hunt is a side issue , anyway .
tr	NNS	The members of the Circle glanced uneasily at one another .
tr	NN	But the malice in those kids ' voices got to me .
tr	NNS	" Things like that did happen to our people after World War Two .
tr	NNS	" Learn to fight in this cold nak * d , chances are you 'll be able to fight no matter what you 're wearing . "
tr	NNS	A tall blonde male smirks in his blonde cat whiskers , then grabs her biceps .
tr	NN	However , there was no other option .
tr	NNS	" Not many visitors today , " MiMi said as though reading Willa 's mind .
tr	NN	Her email is open on her computer and I see a message to the President .
tr	NN	Inside , a thick gold double eagle coin rested on a bed of white cotton .
tr	NN	' Hello , sweetheart , ' Love said .
tr	NNS	Other servants began to file in , bearing various dishes of food .
tr	NNS	" Things are different now .
tr	NNS	Rufus looked over but James Dean kept on walking and kept his eyes pointed forward .
tr	NNS	Barnabas smiled back expecting his prized possession to decapitate the barbarian .
tr	NN	Real y , my lord , those were the last of my samples . "
tr	NN	The military environment and routine wrapped itself around him with relaxing familiarity , while Paige stiffened more with every second back in the sunny South .
tr	NN	The lust , the physical desire had hit instantly .
tr	NNS	Things just didn 't seem to be going well , or the way he expected .
tr	NN	My adrenaline was running on high , and I was going on autopilot .
tr	NNS	Their efforts are useless .
tr	NN	Each thrust was hard , almost punishing , and his pace was fast and furious .
tr	NN	Most likely his footman now thought him mad , but he didn 't care .
tr	NNS	And there were no headaches , no bleeding from her mouth , nose , or ears .
tr	NN	Where was the justice ?
tr	NNS	What about when the dwarf jumped into the wall ? "
tr	NN	The Norman bastard was his quarry alone .
tr	NN	This felt the same except that , oddly , the angel and the devil kept switching sides .
tr	NN	This time Joey was able to sit quietly and wait , even though Duke had left out an important detail .
tr	NNS	" Missing birthdays wasn 't the hardest part . "
tr	NNS	The bars of Cell A were thick , reinforced , and supposedly designed to keep even the strongest of paranormals inside .
tr	NN	The best defense was a good offense .
tr	NNS	There are huge areas that are ruined .
tr	NN	The raven sighed , or at least made a sort of whistling noise which is as close to a sigh as a beak can get .
tr	NN	Come , we had best get some rest , the master has grim plans for the morrow . "
tr	NN	The robe enhanced and emphasized her curves rather than hid them .
tr	NNS	When dessert was finally served and the caterers cleared the plates , couples made their way to the dance floor .
tr	NN	The agent slid a plain white envelope from his seminar notebook and handed it to Mitch .
tr	NN	The singer set his guitar on a stand and waved to the crowd .
tr	NN	The winner is the Ruler of the Universe .
tr	NN	A stack of long spikes pierced their doors and pushed the car on its side , which crumpled under the weight and force of the impact .
tr	NNS	Bugs grit his teeth .
tr	NNS	Girls would kill to have Duke 's cell phone number , and I just got it without even asking .
tr	NN	A command that says , ' lift up , balance , down , soft . " '
tr	NNS	Our spies tell us that another attack is imminent .
tr	NN	The thrill of weightlessness was so exhilarating that it drove all thought from my mind .
tr	NNS	Between him and those bars were more than a dozen demons feeding on human remains .
tr	NNS	The suits were a gift of their new allies , the dwarves , who had grudgingly decided to remain behind .
tr	NNS	Dangerous Beans wrinkled his nose .
tr	NNS	" Their defenses in the manufacturing worlds remain the same .
tr	NNS	Animals never bit Jenny .
tr	NN	A mountain is only a mountain , until pressure starts to build from below .
tr	NN	Since Salvatore had dropped his " Achilles ' heel " bombshell , the colonel had taken charge as he did so well .
tr	NNS	Delores put her good arm protectively around my shoulders .
tr	NNS	Unlike your other condition , there are enough reported cases for researchers to be making some progress , but they still don 't know a great deal .
tr	NNS	" Gan mothers run the clans , and they choose a new male every season .
tr	NN	The tremble in my heart matches the one in my hand as I move my fingers away from his mouth .
tr	NNS	It was an old tree , sold before the newer , streamlined versions became available .
tr	NNS	Romulus stood and started to trot away from the table .
tr	NNS	But again , no pills , so I tried to deal with it .
tr	NNS	Classes were over for the day , and except for a few kids going to and from the library , the grassy lawn was deserted .
tr	NNS	Lights sparkled in the distance .
tr	NNS	Why do mothers leave ? "
tr	NN	The rim of rocks above the tunnel had collapsed inward just about where the hyena and boar had been .
tr	NN	His accent curled around the words .
tr	NN	In the end looked down at the seaside resort on the beach .
tr	NNS	The DNA checks had priority .
tr	NN	The carpet is plush and spotless .
tr	NN	Where 's the bike ?
tr	NNS	Lights were on in Vlad 's apartment , which meant the vampire had returned from his evening in the Chambers .
tr	NN	An owl hooted , and Rema jumped .
tr	NN	Every stroke was like an ice pick through Melissa 's brain .
tr	NN	The sob that had lain strangled in my throat pushed from my mouth .
tr	NN	" An idiot to think it was just a war prize .
tr	NNS	Once she 'd downed a mug of the chamomile tea her mother had often made to help her bring about sleep , her eyelids felt pleasantly heavy .
tr	NN	Several squid angrily squirted clouds of ink .
tr	NN	My uncle has requested that we distance ourselves from them for a time . "
tr	NN	" Your rivalry is legendary .
tr	NN	The distracted supervisor looked up from his position over an operator .
tr	NN	The feline devoured the canned food while Jason wondered how even a cat could eat such foul-smelling stuff .
tr	NNS	Things can 't be much worse than they are right now .
tr	NN	His last presentation with Conte assured him a decision would be final by the first of the year .
tr	NN	" My darling , think long and hard on this decision .
tr	NNS	Large , red drops splattered to the ground .
tr	NNS	the duchess prodded , crouching next to his seat .
tr	NN	How considerate of you to notice .
tr	NNS	The possibilities spread out before her .
tr	NNS	My blond locks fell around my shoulders like a curtain , and he twirled the ends with his fingers .
tr	NN	The Way They Were Tragedy tore them apart .
tr	NN	The furry fiend scoffed , " like what , you ? "
tr	NNS	" And me , " the twins said in stereo .
tr	NNS	Atop the shoulders of several of the men and women were minions .
tr	NNS	My recent experiences with humans hadn 't exactly been pleasant .
tr	NN	Smoke and fire had damaged large sections of the room .
tr	NN	My partner and I -- his name 's Roku , by the way -- straight from Japan , doesn 't speak a lick of English . "
tr	NNS	Looks like you 're about to faint . "
tr	NN	The initial batch was bundle of 96 .
tr	NNS	Aurelius did , but then he 'd been a vampire .
tr	NN	After five long minutes , the dock blocked out the sun .
tr	NN	The landmark had been there for as long anyone could remember and would remain long after there was anyone left to forget .
tr	NNS	Rufus took a huge roll of tape and started to tape Bahl Bazaar 's finger so that it would be stable during the fight .
tr	NNS	Mostly , my companions were Jacob and the three red-eyed beings that watched over the massive painting with unsettling single-mindedness .
tr	NN	The winner gets fifty bucks ! "
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared as he smelled my arousal in the air between us , and his fangs retracted slowly .
tr	NN	Unfortunately the ice cream had gone .
tr	NNS	The directions were fuzzy in my head , but I remembered the general area .
tr	NNS	His eyelids burned red with the difference from black to light .
tr	NNS	Currently , these new facilities were ill-suited for their purposes .
tr	NNS	The drinkers at the bar cried and cheered like they don 't already know how the game would end .
tr	NNS	The levels of the drugs you would require would be too hazardous to the child .
tr	NN	" The defense wil stipulate ... " " So admitted . "
tr	NNS	" At least two generations away from being green lit for normal people . "
tr	NN	If she found some cheap lodgings that sum would last for quite a while .
tr	NN	The last gentleman who caused me trouble ended up losing an arm when I was trying to tug it out of his shirt . "
tr	NN	" No offense , but you look like shit , Alexa .
tr	NNS	The tiny purple coils appeared between my fingers for all to see .
tr	NN	A dog cart , driven by Philip , arrived from the Hall with food and drink for the searchers .
tr	NNS	Things may not have gone smoothly in the House when I 'd returned , but a quiet press was still a victory we needed .
tr	NNS	The supersonic fireworks lit up the sky , the world and her " What was that ? "
tr	NNS	Images lingered from the nightmare .
tr	NNS	There were some suggestions that he was some musician ... some musician had fled the city or something ... hadn 't he ?
tr	NN	The wisdom tells us the name of its minions .
tr	NN	No kidding , I thought .
tr	NN	At that level , my degree didn 't matter so much , just my enthusiasm for teaching art to kids .
tr	NNS	Things aren 't right . "
tr	NNS	Words failed her there .
tr	NNS	Air currents swirled around them , warm then cold .
tr	NN	At the movement , nausea punched her in the stomach .
tr	NN	The lieutenant barely acknowledged his words before turning and walking away .
tr	NNS	The movies were playing ; Trey and Savannah finished their food -- all besides of the piece of cherry pie .
tr	NNS	The real hardships came from the land itself .
tr	NNS	Now he sat there , his broad cheekbones and round face bearing evidence of the approximately three-quarter admixture of Chinese ancestry .
tr	NNS	The stores experienced the greatest two-day shopping spree the world had ever known .
tr	NNS	Orders a voice halfway down the stairs , an unfamiliar one , not the man who led the group that kidnapped us .
tr	NNS	The wetness seeped into her panties .
tr	NN	Gently , the sage dragged the broad side of the knife across his hand .
tr	NNS	There were other signs of cost-cutting .
tr	NNS	I had to admit , the chances didn 't look good .
tr	NNS	Others looked new , with no traces of wear .
tr	NNS	The creatures all bowed their heads .
tr	NN	" No doubt my mistress has a more urgent task . "
tr	NNS	More shadow creatures moved along the floor , creeping slowly towards him as though trying to escape the light from the doorway .
tr	NNS	" His social skills leave something to be desired , yet he is our most brilliant physiologist . "
tr	NNS	Her ancestors had died here -- and then , twenty years ago , her family and friends .
tr	NN	His chuckle was unexpected , and the best sound she 'd heard in a long time .
tr	NN	A clatter of blocks banged together and saved her from answering .
tr	NNS	There were no guarantees .
tr	NN	Its thickness was right on par with a flathead screwdriver .
tr	NN	The redhead was leading her toward the door .
tr	NNS	My solid , aching peaks strained against my bra , needing skin to skin .
tr	NN	The second rank of spearmen pulled on ropes that snaked back towards the ground they had just retreated across .
tr	NN	Her body closed around him , accepted every glorious inch of him .
tr	NN	A layer of dirty ash covered every surface .
tr	NNS	Hendricks didn 't say anything , and it made me wonder why he had bothered with a headset .
tr	NNS	Things are not what you think .
tr	NNS	' Get it away ' and ' That didn 't happen ' , those nudges implied .
tr	NNS	Aria and Emily 's footsteps grew fainter and fainter until she couldn 't hear them at all .
tr	NNS	There was a smugness in Garren 's voice .
tr	NNS	Questions about everything in between and mildly related to their circumstances .
tr	NNS	Others who saw Victoria go upstairs began to whisper among themselves .
tr	NN	The thin strip of leather binding the journal untied easily .
tr	NN	Then , a heap of dirt moved as a head appeared .
tr	NNS	Soldiers were busy collecting the remains of their fallen comrades .
tr	NN	Our most recent conflict seemed significantly worse .
tr	NNS	For so many years , all her efforts and energy had gone into her career .
tr	NN	From what I understand , those observing today 's session would all be high-ranking officials , perhaps aspiring council members .
tr	NN	The admiral went to see him , but wouldn 't disclose where he was , not even to us .
tr	NNS	Most dancers find their confidence in dancing .
tr	NNS	But sharing images , ideas and emotions with countless strangers felt much more alien -- disturbing but exhilarating .
tr	NNS	The wolves started digging at the sides and the back of the trunk .
tr	NN	The white bumpy scar looked like a centipede crawling over his neck into his red robe .
tr	NN	The captain said as he escorted them to his cabin .
tr	NNS	The fans were silent , too shocked to register the gravity of the moment .
tr	NNS	A hundred explanations crowded her mind .
tr	NN	Again there was affirmative body language .
tr	NNS	The curling strands of his chest hair seemed to scrape my sensitive nipples , but I rubbed myself against him anyway .
tr	NN	The Echo Child stood , glided towards the general .
tr	NNS	( If the batteries are defective , or if the rice is full of worms . )
tr	NNS	There aren 't any cameras in here to identify us , as far as I can tell , though .
tr	NNS	One spark and the woods are going to blow like a match stuck to confetti .
tr	NNS	Guns , drugs , people , credit card numbers , whatever .
tr	NNS	His footsteps didn 't recede .
tr	NNS	If I 'd been hooked into any of the machines sitting inside my room , five nurses would 've come bounding through the door .
tr	NN	" How does the drowning happen ? "
tr	NN	Love rallied off some personal details .
tr	NNS	There are ghosts who never come back .
tr	NN	Where was the cleaner ?
tr	NN	His sanity was beginning to depend on it .
tr	NN	A clear plastic jug sat in one corner .
tr	NN	The hangover he could work through .
tr	NN	There was no hesitation and no finesse .
tr	NN	Apples are very pleasing to them , " Song stated .
tr	NN	Once more , the panel clicked .
tr	NN	An ancient , knotted oak spread its branches across the entire yard , making the front of the house a good ten degrees cooler than the backyard .
tr	NNS	Irish twins , her mother had called them .
tr	NN	Then the water elemental turned and left the balcony .
tr	NNS	Some versions are no doubt more effective than others .
tr	NN	Beneath them was a similar arrangement of packed electronic sensors and emitters .
tr	NN	" Sit down and I 'll get you some soup , " said Mom a little sternly .
tr	NN	The repair bots each hefted a drone leg and staggered down the hallway .
tr	NN	The hulk of a man slumped back onto the bench .
tr	NNS	Things were getting tangled again .
tr	NNS	Iron chains dangled from the walls , broken off where manacles would have been .
tr	NN	The nausea from the chemo was a disgrace .
tr	NNS	Things were looking up for me .
tr	NNS	Nick burst in , followed by Charley Bennett and the police detectives , who had their weapons drawn .
tr	NN	The squad leader smiled .
tr	NNS	Chills ran up my sternum and down my spine .
tr	NNS	Elias backed away from him .
tr	NNS	What did the letters say ?
tr	NN	A low growl filled the air and Shay lifted her head to watch as Viper launched himself toward the terrified man .
tr	NNS	The eight trains all ran to different locations on the island .
tr	NN	If you please , this gentleman be wanting to have words with you . "
tr	NN	The small , carved warrior attached to the string of leather dangled freely .
tr	NNS	The effects of the powder quickly silenced her anguish .
tr	NNS	Lights blinked beneath my fingertips , shone through my blunt nails .
tr	NN	What does a thief need a bag of fireworks for ? '
tr	NNS	The promises sounded so good to her , especially as she watched him laying out their gear .
tr	NNS	" The fixtures were all here .
tr	NN	A rolling carry-on with a long handle at her feet .
tr	NNS	Waves of excruciating pleasure drowned her endlessly , pummeling her like a quickly rising tide .
tr	NNS	I hear a bunch of shuffling and footsteps and suddenly all three pairs of wide eyes are staring at me , jaws dropped to the floor .
tr	NNS	The colors will pop on cement walls , brick even . "
tr	NNS	Several angel blades went into his jacket pockets .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately his abilities did not include any knowledge of cartography or geography .
tr	NNS	The twins looked at each other and shrugged .
tr	NN	A tray full of cigarette butts sat on the desktop by the computer monitor , a steady line of smoke rising .
tr	NN	The ape laughed and rubbed his hand over Ella 's cheek as if Ludwig was not there .
tr	NNS	Cars and trucks unloaded volunteers to bring about Zo and Claire 's vision .
tr	NNS	Lots of them , swarming and diving overhead and to the river below .
tr	NN	Sounds to me like some of those ailing turbines are showing signs of life , " the captain called out .
tr	NN	A government in crisis is as rich as it is volatile .
tr	NN	" You real y think you can throw a bal across the lake ?
tr	NNS	My sneaker prints were all over it along with a hard mark where her butt hit the canvas before slamming her head into the floor .
tr	NN	" Excuse me , " said Gary 's guardian .
tr	NNS	Delores made for the coffee pot as she strode in .
tr	NN	Reality returned as she realized that the hero who had come to her rescue wasn 't Sam .
tr	NN	" Well , to be honest , she just hasn 't been herself since she lost George , " the neighbor said thoughtfully .
tr	NN	The little creep just does what he 's told . "
tr	NNS	Images raced past me as my father 's secret room disappeared leaving me on the streets of the mortal world .
tr	NN	The term clearly meant nothing to her .
tr	NN	" I 've got the code , " the hunter said .
tr	NN	Your reputation precedes you and I want the best to be with me to amped up my chances at finding my brother . "
tr	NN	* * * Hamilton was monitoring his navigation display .
tr	NN	A warrior shaped like a tree trunk called out .
tr	NNS	Mages came into their Elements around puberty , and he was certainly not finished , though his voice dropped as his baby fat melted .
tr	NN	Normally the harsh electronic beeping was an unwelcome interruption , but at the moment , it sounded almost melodious .
tr	NN	The goon wouldn 't know where to look , and Daniel could stay there the rest of the evening .
tr	NN	This idiot thought there were no such things as ghosts and I 'm the one with my head up my butt ?
tr	NNS	Words that I was pretty sure had never passed through my lips before .
tr	NNS	My sobs gained in strength .
tr	NNS	The royal siblings were hauled to their feet then made to kneel before me .
tr	NNS	The settee 's cushions felt warm and comfy ; so much nicer than concrete or bushes .
tr	NN	Though maybe the diversion was proving beneficial for her family 's other problem .
tr	NNS	Black pigtails seamlessly blended her head into a wide chest , broad hips , and ridiculously thick legs .
tr	NN	No offense , Uncle Joe , " I say , looking at him with a smile and hoping he won 't be mad .
tr	NNS	The buyers can charge whatever they like .
tr	NN	The mayor sighed . '
tr	NNS	The fans aren 't approving .
tr	NN	Karou 's pulse jumped in her hands .
tr	NNS	Dark locks of hair draped around his face , a scruff of facial hair afforded him a mysterious look any woman would appreciate .
tr	NNS	Things might go a little more easily for you . "
tr	NNS	Frustration wells within me and I can 't hold my tongue .
tr	NNS	Things were looking up .
tr	NNS	When they left the restaurant , several couples stood outside waiting , and Lindy and Rush were bombarded with flying rice .
tr	NNS	Words could never explain her fear .
tr	NN	The scowl hadn 't left his face since the mines , deepening whenever his eyes drifted in my direction .
tr	NNS	There were several bows of all lengths and colors of wood hung along the walls .
tr	NN	His mouth brutally claiming hers , his tongue torturing hers with bold strokes .
tr	NNS	Looks like it was a coordinated , planned assault . "
tr	NN	A stack of packaged ramen noodles stood in the corner , looking forlorn .
tr	NN	The art on the walls were beautiful masterworks , yet every painting depicted a scene of horrific brutality .
tr	NN	The new mayor wouldn 't much care , and the other Houses avoided politics and controversy at all cost .
tr	NN	" At first there is the elation and the triumph ... " " I can understand that , " she encouraged .
tr	NN	Ok , what was the most ridiculous thing that I 've seen ?
tr	NN	A gawking Gus . "
tr	NNS	The guarantees would probably start to slip once their forces located the mines , though .
tr	NNS	Every years these objects stayed the same size , though the boy grew as all boys are wont to do .
tr	NN	A little spit came out while she talked .
tr	NNS	" Things have been quiet here . "
tr	NN	The bard chuckled to himself .
tr	NNS	Our footsteps echoed as we carefully made our way down the stairwell .
tr	NNS	" Others left with me because they had the same conviction . "
tr	NN	A tremor of dread rippled down Julia 's spine .
tr	NN	As impossible as it seems , her tissue appears to be undergoing some kind of regenerative process .
tr	NN	His uncle put his big arms around him and hugged him tight .
tr	NN	Her flashlight had made it possible for him to track her movements to the loft , but then the light disappeared .
tr	NNS	" Twenty-one inches , I wager . "
tr	NNS	Screams and moaning came forth from the crushed masses .
tr	NN	A hopeful gleam came into her eyes .
tr	NNS	More dreary paintings adorned the garish wallpaper .
tr	NNS	The Commander walked heavily away from the table , his footsteps ringing clearly in the peculiar acoustics of the room .
tr	NNS	Only three or four patrons , all human , sat on the stools .
tr	NN	The pilot is a friend of mine . "
tr	NNS	Sirens blared in the distance .
tr	NN	The mound of used butts was huge .
tr	NN	The discipline to read evades me , so I look out my window .
tr	NN	" The gentleman didn 't wish to send his name . "
tr	NNS	Doors repeated themselves at almost hypnotically periodic intervals on either side , with pedestrian lanes immediately adjacent the walls .
tr	NN	The maid does the rest .
tr	NNS	There was something robotic about them , as if their brains had been scooped out and replaced with wires .
tr	NN	A sob burst from Cassidy .
tr	NN	That bullet doesn 't necessarily mean anything .
tr	NNS	The glowing flyers trickled off to hover and reflect light off the lake below .
tr	NN	Beneath them was a white carpet of dazzling crystals spread across the meadows and draped over the tall trees .
tr	NN	The tender shook her head and she wept again .
tr	NN	Her bedside manner was awful .
tr	NN	That freakish trick of the light from the kitchen window was making her eyes glow green again .
tr	NN	All that mattered was how she could exploit his wavering loyalty .
tr	NN	Either the beef or the familiarity of my presence was enough to lure him a few steps out of the wood .
tr	NN	This modern art will kill us all .
tr	NN	The footman had taken another hour to trudge back to the cabin with different transportation .
tr	NNS	Her lady attendants waited outside , most of them daughters of nobility .
tr	NN	All that mattered was that he was the enemy , and she couldn 't let him win .
tr	NN	The cord began to tighten as I rounded the last dorm and the cemetery came into view .
tr	NN	But my instinct was to believe Marcus , and I usually trust my instincts .
tr	NN	Around fifty metres from the summit the male trio found Fate , Karma and Irony staring upwards .
tr	NNS	Clint paused , shivering at the thought of it before continuing , " Even the teachers don 't know what to do with him .
tr	NN	Every vehicle depot of any description anywhere in the multiverse has them .
tr	NNS	Internet sales of crypto currency coins soar .
tr	NNS	A second later , thousands of intricate formulas and designs flashed across the screen .
tr	NNS	There are websites and even a Facebook page dedicated to finding me .
tr	NN	Why the teacher snapped ? "
tr	NN	" I don 't know how I outran them , pure adrenaline is my guess .
tr	NN	But every inch was more difficult to heave up to the surface than the last .
tr	NNS	" Admittedly , " Iris confessed , " my athletic abilities are mediocre at best . "
tr	NN	" Sarah , your mommy isn 't going to be mad at you ... even if you cut it yourself .
tr	NNS	The soft brown depths on his eyes , however , told another story .
tr	NNS	the duchess warned in tones of direst disapprobation .
tr	NNS	Screams rose from the streets .
tr	NN	That odour was the dying .
tr	NNS	Both ladies nodded emphatically .
tr	NNS	Sports bars always had beer and cheeseburgers .
tr	NNS	The differences between the men were slight , but now that she 'd met both , the dissimilarities were impossible to miss .
tr	NN	The castle listed now on the edge of the hill , threatening to fall into the void below as the land shifted it closer to the edge .
tr	NN	The principal will probably be able to tell . "
tr	NNS	Your belongings could be another story . "
tr	NN	The duke wanted Hart to be his slave , to obey his every wish , no matter how trivial or how vicious .
tr	NNS	The two shots Rick managed to squeeze off , without careful aiming , missed .
tr	NNS	There were three open spaces in a row , and I pulled the Suburban and trailer combo into them and threw it into park .
tr	NN	The thief vaulted forward , his foot finding a stirrup and he mounted the nearest horse in a blur .
tr	NNS	The frames were so light they could be taken apart and easily stored which was my intention and only to use them if we felt the need .
tr	NN	The watching elf spat out his sweet leaf and stood , not upset but wary .
tr	NNS	The final strains of burning sunlight reflected in Saira 's eyes .
tr	NNS	Her temples were throbbing .
tr	NN	Part of her just wanted to get through the event and then resolve the issues they were facing .
tr	NNS	Myles recognized it as belonging to Jared Davis , the investigator he 'd put in charge of this case .
tr	NNS	Nerves raced through me as I anticipated his answer .
tr	NNS	The two time travelers looked at each other for a moment .
tr	NN	Ash 's fur rippled beneath her .
tr	NN	The public debt hit one trillion dollars , and the American hostages in Iran were freed .
tr	NN	A bundle of white clothing lay sprawled half in and half out of the cold water .
tr	NN	The language of my posture translated to defeat .
tr	NN	The van jerks to another stop as he leans back to make sure I 'm okay .
tr	NNS	Others who had been standing beside the questioner moved quickly away .
tr	NN	A sudden and insidious paralysis of shock began to creep over him , numbing every sensation in his body .
tr	NNS	Only prayers could reach her .
tr	NN	A spark of anger ignited into a slow burning fury .
tr	NNS	His paws bled as he raced over thorny briar patches .
tr	NNS	The other board members don 't share my belief or enthusiasm .
tr	NNS	But chances were she was jumping at shadows .
tr	NNS	The floors were tile , the waiters were all in white aprons and the scents filling the air were amazing .
tr	NNS	Diggs wouldn 't understand that , though .
tr	NNS	The chances of success would have been much higher if we had found a donor a month ago .
tr	NN	A rectangular chasm , maybe ten feet wide and eight tall , opened in the center beneath a flue .
tr	NN	This audacity is unheard of .
tr	NN	The dimple made an appearance and I felt my breath catch in my throat .
tr	NN	And then release showered over her , tightening and releasing her muscles , tingling her toes and her flesh and stealing her breath .
tr	NN	The garage had become haunted .
tr	NNS	Soldiers scrambled over each other , punching and kicking their way to the door .
tr	NNS	Laughing , Bugs pulled up a chair and took a seat .
tr	NN	Inside each tube was a narrow silver mattress .
tr	NN	" I trust you are enjoying yourself , " the commander sneered .
tr	NN	" My God , sweetheart , you 're so damned beautiful . "
tr	NNS	Others came just to have conversation believe it or not .
tr	NN	The vicar was at his sentimental best and Matson was more than happy to tag along .
tr	NN	The stake shifted and the next thing Maia knew , the tension in the chamber snapped , and the place was in an uproar .
tr	NNS	Taylor pigs make better pork - who would have thought ?
tr	NN	Her distaste was clear , but the strength in her voice was betrayed by the shaking of her hands .
tr	NN	The bike backfired at his mistreatment and he only just managed to hold it on the road .
tr	NN	The flaky golden crust looked delicious .
tr	NNS	The chocolate chip cookies smelled delicious , and she wanted to bite into one .
tr	NN	The adrenaline , like you said . "
tr	NN	No hidden agenda , no fake promises , but determination to do the right thing .
tr	NNS	More flares erupted , all around the star , and the magnitude of the flares increased by the second .
tr	NN	A large assembly of rulers over each planet met , with a human chairman presiding over all actions .
tr	NN	The consolation , however , rarely came .
tr	NNS	Dangerous Beans raised his head .
tr	NN	The vodka must have worn off because the pain in my leg returned full force .
tr	NNS	Several long strands had come free and floated around his head like stray feathers .
tr	NNS	Chapter Fourteen Things were making more and more sense .
tr	NNS	More forks rang in unison .
tr	NN	Your email is safe and will never be shared .
tr	NN	" It is the Merciful who has taught the Koran , " said Yama , " God , the compassionate , the Merciful .
tr	NNS	Bugs checked a recessed area directly behind the dais .
tr	NNS	The tiniest creatures found me as they crawled through the layers of earth .
tr	NN	" So , there wasn 't a Resistance before Avalon ? "
tr	NNS	The towering skyscrapers of downtown hadn 't changed too much since he was last there .
tr	NNS	Things had been so different then .
tr	NN	" The theory was neither you nor Jess would pay much attention to someone not genetically enhanced .
tr	NN	A frustrating , not to mention , futile waste of time .
tr	NNS	There were endless negotiations with banks and lawyers .
tr	NNS	The shape lands gracefully on the other side of the roof , its arms raised in a gesture of peace .
tr	NNS	What kind of leaders would these twins make ?
tr	NNS	The formal documents had made a difference .
tr	NNS	For the lies , drugs , not being what you needed , Gramps , everything .
tr	NN	The dragon lowered himself to the ground .
tr	NNS	The groupies would have been on the lookout for anyone resembling Morris .
tr	NNS	Things were taking on a real carnival atmosphere , missing only vendors selling balloons , soft drinks , and cotton candy .
tr	NN	A sob rose in Clary 's chest .
tr	NN	There is no real fulfillment in meaningless rushes of pleasure .
tr	NN	the woman Kit had been arguing with shouts .
tr	NNS	Those instincts stay with me long after the animal is gone . "
tr	NNS	Within minutes , they were sitting in a booth at Brown 's Diner , their burgers and fries already ordered , sipping a cold beer .
tr	NNS	Romulus looked a bit taken aback but sat still and waited , making no comment .
tr	NN	Ghost left to do that while Macy went down on her knees beside her best friend .
tr	NNS	When keeping secrets , chances are you 'll have to . "
tr	NNS	There are two types of people in our small beach town : the rich and the people who sell things to the rich .
tr	NNS	And grave consequences can await a Jewess who confesses that her children are daughters of a Christian man .
tr	NN	The American observatories will notify the White House , " his supervisor said as he walked over to a phone .
tr	NN	Chance kept his face expressionless .
tr	NNS	Lights began to go on in the nearby houses and I imagined that dinner was being served .
tr	NN	My insecurity would end up driving you nuts and embarrass me . "
tr	NN	Why would their puppet need a twenty foot marble statue of himself centralized in a fountain ?
tr	NN	A militia hover spun across the scene , thrown through the air with immense force .
tr	NN	Her shawl was bright yellow .
tr	NNS	The levers are quite rusty but that could have happened in the last fifty years .
tr	NNS	Three paces separated the squads to define the alignment to their target .
tr	NNS	" When I was young , your ancestors were using rocks and sticks and living in huts .
tr	NN	The bard looked up and whispered , " Can I go back to camp ?
tr	NN	No matter what was happening in his world , the willow was always there , outside his window .
tr	NN	A pendant , half of it hammered into the shape of a feather , the other half a sword .
tr	NN	" Why is your daddy such a wanker , hmm ?
tr	NN	The deputy who 'd been at the window was now halfway across the lobby .
tr	NNS	Tiny green pills disappeared into the carpet .
tr	NNS	" Those experiments , as you call them , are for their protection .
tr	NN	The laptop dies during my search .
tr	NNS	" The sentences seem very jumbled .
tr	NNS	The ladies took the hint and Chris took the opportunity to get something from the car .
tr	NNS	Things went pretty good there for a while .
tr	NNS	The deaths lacked the randomness of the previous round of noble expirations .
tr	NN	In 2010 , Khan 's illustrious persona took a jolt .
tr	NN	His British accent was clearly pronounced .
tr	NNS	Luckily the entire contents didn 't pour into his lap .
tr	NN	A multi-billion dollar controlled hydrogen bomb versus a little box that can sit in your back yard and supply all of your electrical needs ?
tr	NNS	Reyes felt Angelica ready to respond , but he took her quickly by the arm and pulled her behind him .
tr	NN	" Your master did . "
tr	NN	The sea folk came to themselves as their pleasure turned to agony and their blood swirled in the water .
tr	NN	The spider would overtake him long before he could make it .
tr	NNS	His grandparents had never even checked on the investment .
tr	NNS	The twins scream and scream .
tr	NN	Part of her wanted to bask in that .
tr	NN	Reality intruded with a list of instructions from Dr. Wilson .
tr	NNS	Cassius continued to hold me close to his rapidly beating heart .
tr	NNS	Things always are multidimensional and it takes a convergence of all these dimensions at one point of time to create a utility .
tr	NN	The physical throbbing somehow helped overshadow the mental agony of what had happened between him and Lindy .
tr	NN	The nun nods her permission , and I start to move away , but she stops me .
tr	NN	My grandmother drew a deep breath .
tr	NN	There was no hunger , no real need .
tr	NN	The vow she spoke embedded into her soul .
tr	NNS	Folks traded their gold or their own personal items for the things they needed or things that simply caught their eye .
tr	NN	The spark that passed between them connected them mind to mind .
tr	NNS	" Most authorities consider zombie legends to be a myth , and I 'm inclined to agree .
tr	NNS	" The story is , the vamps lost control and killed three humans .
tr	NN	The sub came to rest with a slight jar which stirred sediment into a gray fog around them .
tr	NN	The squad leader , Ann-Marie , a marathon runner , is effortlessly leading the troop .
tr	NN	Maggie had to admit , the persona of Matthew Webster intrigued her .
tr	NNS	For just a moment , his instincts kicked in and he wanted to step out if for nothing else just to intimidate her .
tr	NNS	" Things are actually looking up . "
tr	NN	The Raphael arrest reached CNN and the national news , did you know that ? "
tr	NNS	Screams and moans accompanied the whispered prayers , but Gregori stood his ground , unflinching .
tr	NN	The mail icon flashed .
tr	NNS	The floors and cupboards were pine , the appliances stainless steel , and included a microwave and dishwasher along with the standard stove and refrigerator .
tr	NN	History might have been very different .
tr	NNS	Cars would pass by , out on the main road , but none stopped or even slowed down by our place .
tr	NNS	With every song , my worries about the safety of Jax performing drained away more and more .
tr	NNS	But the innocents loses war For it is them who hurts the most . "
tr	NNS	And by the way , our government leaders aren 't the only ones who think so .
tr	NN	The majority of workers stopped and focused suddenly on a single point .
tr	NNS	Big , fat raindrops plopped down on her as she ran .
tr	NNS	Marius stood up in the passenger seat and faced backward , the top half of his body sticking out through the open sunroof of the car .
tr	NN	Her T-shirt was short-sleeved , and she felt the heat coming off him against her skin .
tr	NNS	* The combined efforts of Moss , Black and Maggie , for a fleeting moment , brought a showdown with Marion Wentworth into focus .
tr	NN	" The divorce has been final for a while now -- it 's time to move on with my life . "
tr	NNS	Dean said his family is very close , all the shifters he knows are .
tr	NN	If this is a victory , what 's a defeat then ?
tr	NNS	As my house is small , the distances between our hearts are also smaller .
tr	NN	His tie was now hanging out of his pants pocket .
tr	NN	The moustache became a pointing device .
tr	NNS	No question about it , his instincts told him Williams and Taylor were one hell of a team to have in the ranks .
tr	NN	' I imagine it was useful for her college books , ' Love said .
tr	NN	" The Cape Fear River is in Wilmington , and that 's where both of the movies were set .
tr	NNS	There were two surveying cameras .
tr	NNS	How many virgins at twenty-two were there in Jonesville ?
tr	NN	" Oh , my , " the goddess says .
tr	NNS	Soldiers are notorious for committing adultery it seems .
tr	NNS	" Cars , clothes , books ... " " No , no , I don 't want things , " Diana said .
tr	NNS	Then the pirates would have taken little notice of him and included him in the general release .
tr	NN	The bullet severed the rope just above the iron hook .
tr	NNS	An owl was shown swooping onto the scene , talons bared at the shadow things .
tr	NNS	" My opponents have no heroes .
tr	NN	Part of me didn 't expect Aiden to answer , but he did .
tr	NN	The werewolf 's tail thumped against the floor .
tr	NN	And then her fingers closed , a dark gleam sparkling in her eyes .
tr	NNS	Looks like I might have something to offer to the world after all . "
tr	NN	Love knew all the tricks .
tr	NNS	Two wolves tried to take him down .
tr	NNS	Sure enough , the cameras began flashing as soon as we exited .
tr	NN	The mass of sadness for the lost little girl and the tragic blue-eyed elf overwhelms me and flows freely from my eyes .
tr	NNS	The ripples increased , until the grass undulated as if water ebbed and flowed around it .
tr	NN	The staircase to the top floor seemed endless .
tr	NN	The hot , wet swirl of his tongue combined with the magic of his touch made her back bow and her belly contract .
tr	NNS	My attention lands on Layton , because now that he 's here and alive , it 's starting to make sense .
tr	NN	Della 's agitation at his tepid response was an almost palpable thing .
tr	NNS	There are no lockers here .
tr	NNS	Marius hissed at him and crouched for another lunge when Sable 's calm voice stilled them both .
tr	NN	But a painful dread took over , and I paced from one window to another and to the kitchen and back .
tr	NN	" The pencil , " Maxwell hissed .
tr	NN	" The Convention , " Davis said , indicating the screen .
tr	NNS	His footsteps pounded behind her , and his heavy breathing grew louder .
tr	NN	And the bodice and top sat so perfectly , and gave her such an incredible figure , that Henrietta could hardly recognise herself .
tr	NNS	" How much farther Loki ? "
tr	NN	Her usual pattern was going to clubs , luring young men away and then doing her dastardly deeds in the streets .
tr	NNS	Your species is not so numerous that you can afford further loss of life .
tr	NNS	Shouts echoed along the corridor , coming closer every second .
tr	NN	Jazz stopped her with an outstretched hand .
tr	NN	As long as we don 't get any closer , the mountain shouldn 't give us any trouble . "
tr	NNS	Romulus smiled guiltily , splitting open the scab by his eye .
tr	NN	17 days until alabama In his game , Mike total y kicked the Florida Gators ' asses , 21-10 .
tr	NNS	The elastic metal cords snapped and he stepped from the wall , staring at the image .
tr	NNS	Her competitive hackles rose despite the alarms sounding in her subconscious .
tr	NN	Part of it was good Alchemist business , sure , but most was probably Keith 's wounded pride .
tr	NNS	Warning flags are all over the place when I get to their door .
tr	NNS	But now the risks were too great .
tr	NN	Just a little farther and you can dump the letter and go .
tr	NN	And so the chase started again .
tr	NNS	Things seemed to go in slow motion .
tr	NN	There were a few chuckles but everyone ceremoniously made the toast and began talking again .
tr	NN	Unfortunately as lacking as it may be it is the only assistance available .
tr	NN	The commander of the Red looked at Heather and asked , " Is the one you referred to as a young priest amongst those coming ? "
tr	NNS	Little bits come back to me and eventually they created a bigger picture helping me to remember it all .
tr	NNS	Their clients were mid-range companies that couldn 't afford the national accounting firms .
tr	NN	The captain waved his hand in dismissal .
tr	NN	But no child 's pumpkin carving tool .
tr	NNS	As you go further north , the cottages get fewer .
tr	NNS	The vegetables came next , and Sam finally got over her shock at his presumptuous behavior .
tr	NNS	" We 've done well enough on our own , no promises needed .
tr	NNS	Our movements are more strongly powered , faster , and more delicately controlled .
tr	NN	" Maybe the pendulum isn 't your thing . "
tr	NN	" There 's a national tour of Gatsby going on right now .
tr	NNS	" And your histories give the full details concerning the original world ?
tr	NNS	Her new scans show that she has stage four melanoma in her uterus .
tr	NNS	In front of her , the emerald hills and mountains rolled across the landscape .
tr	NNS	After ten minutes , her wrists were raw and bloody , but she had made progress .
tr	NNS	Along the docks , fat rats like goblins creep .
tr	NN	There was some Baroque art , even a few Rococo pieces , along with a Neoclassical piece or two .
tr	NN	The wraith no longer had any discernible facial features , but Echo was certain he was probably smiling .
tr	NNS	" Our responsibilities are great .
tr	NN	The carpet was intricate and plush .
tr	NN	" A daughter-in-law , Em , isn 't that great ? "
tr	NNS	The traitorous bastard springs to life , but I ignore it .
tr	NN	Another big tourist place . "
tr	NN	" My bike not starting . "
tr	NNS	Words jumbled in my head - big words , great explanations , excuses mostly , but what came out was , " You 're beautiful . "
tr	NNS	Lights from oncoming traffic illuminated Caleb 's chiseled face , and she admired the hollow of his cheeks , the strong jaw .
tr	NN	" My best birthday present so far today . "
tr	NNS	All those possibilities stretched out before me , each one ending in a tragedy for someone else , never for me .
tr	NN	Only the prey stayed below and waited to be hunted .
tr	NNS	The boxers were riddled with bruises , cuts , and blood mingling with sweat .
tr	NN	The government 's hiding it from us . "
tr	NN	Love didn 't last , at least not the romantic kind , and he needed her to stay his friend .
tr	NN	The gap narrowed at only one point , a quarter mile away , but still left a space of over twenty feet .
tr	NNS	Nice accommodations you found for yourself , he says and uses his head to gesture all around him .
tr	NNS	A few fanatical mages worshiped him and followed his teachings .
tr	NNS	The chains swiftly tied his legs , trapping him in place .
tr	NN	His accent changed from an American one to one that was slightly British .
tr	NNS	Witches , if they could do this to me , can I not do it to you ? '
tr	NNS	After a while , the creatures wandered off , bored with her .
tr	NNS	He supposed that with a life expectancy not much more than two years , such changes were inevitable .
tr	NNS	Things must have gone badly , because Grandma destroyed it behind us . "
tr	NN	The teacher on recess duty knew , luckily , I kept Eliza 's inhaler in my backpack .
tr	NNS	There were creatures everywhere .
tr	NNS	Gramps in the kitchen usually means he 's not all present , but he 's happy .
tr	NN	Having eaten and warmed itself the pigeon began to show his true colours , becoming increasingly aggressive and impudent .
tr	NN	Every dwarf who entered or left the building is a known employee or client .
tr	NN	" Then the dragon attacked . "
tr	NN	A surgery before you 're ready will likely kill you . "
tr	NNS	" My apologies , " he laughed , still sizing it up .
tr	NN	" An injury won 't stop him from babysitting me for you . "
tr	NN	And this sacrifice by Nicole could also end in wretched grief .
tr	NN	The ranch stretched back beyond his sight .
tr	NN	The hermit held a sombre silence which went uninterrupted .
tr	NNS	The disturbed areas appeared to be slowly healing , but she was pretty sure she could speed up the process .
tr	NNS	" Damn , the hounds are looking for us .
tr	NN	The twinkle in her eye said , get used to it .
tr	NNS	The private letters beckoned and mocked her .
tr	NNS	The gears are here , click up and down .
tr	NN	The rat 's wig had slid forward so it obscured one of her eyes .
tr	NNS	The whispers began immediately .
tr	NNS	" My warriors stood by their queen ; they are not to be punished .
tr	NN	His recovery might be a much different story .
tr	NNS	Electric motors began turning .
tr	NNS	Things were definitely not going well for him today .
tr	NN	Sweet Dove had been the author of so much misery , she wouldn 't stop now , not if she had the chance to do otherwise .
tr	NN	" To the laboratory sir . "
tr	NNS	Odd , she thought , the capturing patrols never move like that .
tr	NN	The big brave warrior threw back his shoulders .
tr	NN	A solid tap of his cane separated each measured step on the sodden road .
tr	NNS	Things were moving round him .
tr	NNS	Like Drake , the Council members and male guests wore black trousers and white shirts .
tr	NN	The deputy had been asking questions and filling in the permit forms while they travelled .
tr	NN	The three-hour boat tour that lasts a lifetime .
tr	NN	The detachment 's lieutenant took out his pistol and shot it into the air .
tr	NNS	" The burns aren 't that bad at all . "
tr	NNS	" What are you two idiots going on about ? "
tr	NN	His hot seed spilled inside me , and my body gulped it in like I was a dying man in need of a drink .
tr	NNS	Officials have argued ( in vain ) against conspiracy theorists that these trails are actually normal contrails and not the other thing .
tr	NNS	Girls liked to hear themselves talk .
tr	NNS	Things she had never known the man Wren to be .
tr	NNS	Apparently the classes had been rough , and the kids no better than savages .
tr	NN	A mound of ashes that once was a home is a hole in the world .
tr	NNS	What were his symptoms ?
tr	NNS	It doesn , t all seem so impossible now that we , re talking about it . "
tr	NN	Unstoppable in force , the torrent pummeled everything in its path .
tr	NNS	His footprints left a trail in the dust , his cape dragged over them .
tr	NN	The ' Master ' doesn 't answer .
tr	NN	" Yeah , the attorney for Worldwide Savings & Loan has contacted me and just today the FBI called looking for Kurt . "
tr	NNS	Images passed through Ramon 's mind - the spheres shifting through the air , sniffing out the other man , the other him .
tr	NN	A cramp gripped my side , but I kept pushing .
tr	NNS	Even so , the powerful jaws strained ever closer to his throat .
tr	NN	There 's a ban on media and the government won 't issue journalists a visa .
tr	NNS	The screens die down and the speakers cut off with a scream .
tr	NNS	Doors line the corridor ahead , the first of which is closed .
tr	NN	A siren wails in the distance .
tr	NNS	Starbucks offered expensive mud compared to what Preston had sampled here in almost every ordinary cafe or snack bar .
tr	NNS	The few fights Lucas and I had had were always bruising , and besides , we didn 't want anybody to start staring at us .
tr	NN	A buck gets ten she 's on the passenger manifest as Mrs. Susan Jackson .
tr	NN	Of course , the smug Irishman , Liam Morrissey , and his terrifying tracker , Tiger , had managed to get here from Austin .
tr	NNS	Of course , the other abilities help with that . "
tr	NNS	Your pirates are likely the last of that great first race of skilful sailors .
tr	NNS	The minds of their captains are black .
tr	NN	The fireplace was laid with oak logs and kindling but he didn , t want to light the fire .
tr	NNS	And the dinosaurs are still there , so perhaps the asteroid hasn 't struck yet . '
tr	NN	The crucial distinction is this : either our report is believable or their report is believable . "
tr	NNS	The warriors pounded their weapons into the hard ground , with all their might .
tr	NNS	The golden locks drifted over one shoulder as she looked at me .
tr	NN	Once the seconds were out , the referee stepped in and the bell ringed .
tr	NN	A thin layer of dust sat on everything , as though no one had been inside since he left .
tr	NN	Lust pulsed thick , seducing me into sliding my hand past his jacket and down his side .
tr	NN	" The Final Empire was a big place , with a lot of different societies .
tr	NNS	Supporting murmurs came from some of the others .
tr	NNS	Goblin warriors took up their weapons while the women and children disappeared into the trees .
tr	NN	" I wouldn , t assume , " she said , " that this thing is capable of love and conscience as you are .
tr	NN	The Hand 's pavilion was half a mile from the castle , in the shade of a spreading elm tree .
tr	NN	On each headstone a butterfly rested .
tr	NN	A sulky pause , then , " Fine .
tr	NNS	Tiny ripples moved across the surface .
tr	NNS	The calories and fat grams on the dessert page alone could add up to the tens of thousands .
tr	NN	And there was really no other term for it .
tr	NNS	Bugs rushed to see what was written .
tr	NNS	Most species recognize the universal credit system .
tr	NNS	The nuns were powerless and didn 't seem to believe us , anyway .
tr	NNS	Nobody shares dreams like this .
tr	NN	The royal tailor tacked more ribbons to Lucien 's good velvet hunting coat .
tr	NN	His hunger for her was not the only thing unrestrained about him .
tr	NNS	Things were feeling smooth and easy .
tr	NN	How can a contract be binding when signed by a mere boy ? "
tr	NN	The captive opened his mouth , coughing again .
tr	NNS	The warriors struck their battle axes into the ground and began to moan .
tr	NN	This territory was all very familiar to me .
tr	NNS	Nehru jackets went out with the groovy sixties .
tr	NNS	The forced politeness of the inquiry rang in her ears , but he didn 't seem to notice .
tr	NN	The Japanese tour had been a great success , but if they couldn 't make it in South Korea , then the group would be dead .
tr	NN	The door thumped shut .
tr	NNS	Girls in tiny bikinis lounged on the side with their feet in .
tr	NN	" My lord , " he said softly , standing next to the brazier , " a messenger from Normandy arrived not long ago .
tr	NNS	" Our sales have been down .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of Lucas snuck into Kylie 's mind more than she wanted .
tr	NNS	But in a battered old tin , there were the scratched wooden figures which he instantly recognised .
tr	NN	Another shriek ripples the air .
tr	NN	The prophecy had come true , for it said that a man , who 'd faced demons all of his life , would kill the beast .
tr	NN	" Only the wig is over . "
tr	NNS	" Unfortunately , al supernaturals come off a bit flaky when viewed from the normal prospective .
tr	NNS	Those two facts had her instincts tingling .
tr	NNS	The elves were very long-lived and so had low fertility , as new individuals were not required as replacements very often .
tr	NN	Once the boxers were separated , the referee gave the okay to continue the fight .
tr	NNS	Thoughts quivered through it .
tr	NN	The young tech escorting him knocked on her cubicle frame .
tr	NNS	Sam 's siblings asked at the same time .
tr	NNS	The contents of this room were familiar .
tr	NN	The growls echoed all around her .
tr	NNS	The tentacles tore the mattress apart .
tr	NN	the Winchester player asks .
tr	NN	The silver dragon growled and ascended flapping its wide wings .
tr	NNS	The drill sergeants were disappointed .
tr	NN	The angel drifted in and took her usual place by the broom closet .
tr	NNS	My binoculars , they must have fallen off when I left the boat . '
tr	NN	A high-pitched giggle swirled from one of the corners , and she whipped around .
tr	NN	With each step I walk away , my guilt shrinks .
tr	NN	The madness I saw made my stomach clench .
tr	NNS	( Just a few ideas to get you started . )
tr	NNS	The characters and events portrayed in this book are fictitious .
tr	NN	trading instantly as a body collapsed .
tr	NN	The next option was to share the cooking .
tr	NNS	" So the coaches get paid ? "
tr	NN	Its hood will help to hide my face . "
tr	NN	A nun chose that moment to enter from the back room but began to shake uncontrollably and pointed at Scarlett .
tr	NNS	Zach 's siblings texted and called to get the dirt on why the two of them had left his brother 's house so abruptly .
tr	NNS	Smells like mold in here , a combination of air that hasn 't been circulated in months and old mothballs .
tr	NNS	Thin streams of blue fire flowed out the stripped ends and zapped the wounded flesh .
tr	NN	An after odour from centuries of cooking left a distinct smell that gave the kitchen its own personality .
tr	NNS	His instincts were for the latter , but he was extremely curious about how much the FBI knew .
tr	NN	A blacksmith jumped out of the window , and landed next to his hammer .
tr	NN	Certainly the absence of organized religion has played a large role .
tr	NN	A physical assault , it might have understood .
tr	NN	Or that the blinding lightning was no longer flashing .
tr	NN	" The fragrance of a genuine compliment from Mad Rogan .
tr	NN	the captain requested as the constable handed it to him .
tr	NNS	The four letters glaring back at him from the screen were not the four he hoped to see .
tr	NN	" A gambling debt is a gambling debt .
tr	NN	The texture of Lucian 's voice in her head was the same , yet not .
tr	NNS	There were no stolen kisses , no passion .
tr	NN	His strong hands sweep over my shoulders and thighs , leaving me tingly and warm and feeling beautiful .
tr	NN	His first instinct was to ignore the whole episode .
tr	NN	Sporadic gunfire popped again in the distance .
tr	NN	A high concentration of gas generated a massive explosion .
tr	NN	The pretty blonde holds her breath .
tr	NNS	The giant footprints headed left along the bank , toward Lucas ' camp somewhere to the south .
tr	NN	A pilot and two other soldiers sat aboard , bearing assault rifles , covering him .
tr	NNS	Claire 's footsteps receded back down the hall toward the bedroom .
tr	NN	" Her illness doesn 't exist , Cal . "
tr	NNS	People 's values were changing .
tr	NN	The young Sword 's mount trotted past Ward 's wagon , but then slowed so that they could walk together .
tr	NNS	The drums and bass came in to help her once she got into a song much of the audience recognized .
tr	NNS	Lots of pretty words coming out of that scrumptious male mouth , definitely lots of head-spinning kisses -- but was there something he was hiding from me ?
tr	NNS	What would those nice ladies think if they saw you dressing up like this ? '
tr	NNS	Makes it hard to trust people , doesn 't it ? "
tr	NN	Well , my only other option , then , is to look for the Stones , because looking for everyone else is useless .
tr	NN	The clearing was strangely beautiful in the snow , which hung from the branches of the pine trees and across the forest tracks .
tr	NN	The baron raged like a child .
tr	NN	After an excellent folk singing guitarist came two female strippers with a routine of competitively creative undressing that had male and female customers alike applauding for more .
tr	NN	A trickle of fear seeped into her .
tr	NNS	And most group leaders do . "
tr	NNS	Looks like you 're in a hurry . "
tr	NN	The word revenge hung in the air between them .
tr	NNS	Marius breathed slowly and heavily , like a man in a deep sleep .
tr	NNS	Alexis says as she reaches a hand down .
tr	NNS	Things at home with Ruby weren 't getting any better .
tr	NN	But how could the Guild know about this island ?
tr	NN	Finally , the canoe glided into this protected bay .
tr	NN	' No pulse , get the defibrillator ready , I 'll start CPR . '
tr	NN	There was a consensus of head shaking .
tr	NNS	The cots are basically hammocks .
tr	NN	Her honor was all she had left .
tr	NNS	Others banged against the airframe .
tr	NN	Shame and guilt blossomed like diseased flowers in his lungs , making it hard to breathe .
tr	NN	After much pleading and begging , the on duty drill sergeant allowed them to get out one rifle .
tr	NN	Our pitcher of beer was still waiting for us as we sat down .
tr	NNS	At last the contents peeked out from its furry shroud and the wizard held the object sideways in both hands .
tr	NN	The squid propelled itself with water , and did not use the arms for swimming .
tr	NN	Q 's greeting pulled her back to reality .
tr	NN	The flashlight had been the best thing to bring after all .
tr	NNS	Into them stared two jewels , gray-green like the sea .
tr	NNS	The promises that we make here today to one another will be what guides us for the rest of our journey together .
tr	NN	Sometimes my tether seemed to lead us in one direction with one turn only to go in the opposite direction with the following three .
tr	NN	The goblin narrowed his eyes at Willow and she instinctively cringed into Declan 's side .
tr	NNS	Our sales have been up the last few days . "
tr	NN	The fundraiser would give her the perfect opportunity to read the general and find out if he , like his colleague General McEntire , was involved .
tr	NN	My grandmother refused to speak of them , though I always got the feeling she hated my father .
tr	NNS	After a few steps the rods trembled in Soldado 's hands and crossed each other .
tr	NNS	Shadowhunters proudly originate from all points of the globe , and we naturally see and think about the Shadow World within the context of our personal beliefs .
tr	NN	But this art wasn 't her treasure .
tr	NN	A stack of 20s would be more impressive ; maybe $ 500 worth would make an impressive roll .
tr	NNS	As one , the twelve members of the Council said , " As spoken and agreed , let it be done . "
tr	NN	the brunette with a mole in her cheek said .
tr	NNS	Despite what had been portrayed in movies , such shots seldom caused an explosion .
tr	NN	The balcony ended and I took the stairs down to the lower floor , where vendors hawked their wares .
tr	NNS	The businessmen don 't like having them gone , even if just for a short while .
tr	NN	Apparently , the term , " a few minutes , " was not in her vocabulary .
tr	NNS	The drinks in his cordial glasses were vibrating .
tr	NN	My glassy reflection stared back , the pain of loss most evident on its face .
tr	NNS	Two pennies have the same shape .
tr	NNS	As soon as he does , three figures spring forward , two of them grab Flynn 's arms and the other snatches the knife away .
tr	NN	The bitch was insane .
tr	NNS	So suits were pointless .
tr	NN	The prophecy gave me the crucial hint .
tr	NNS	The placement tests immediately got me in the information division .
tr	NNS	There were no openings in the door or near it ; Silvio had to drill a hole in the bottom of the door .
tr	NN	" By this point , the captain , the sailors and the other passengers were mad with fear of God 's wrath .
tr	NN	The thin strip of metal , hidden from casual view , was blue not green .
tr	NNS	Quarter wolves don 't have an active wolf gene .
tr	NNS	The local authorities finally arrive , and the diggers are ready to go .
tr	NN	Had the bastard grabbed him instantly , covering his little mouth , even while my brother kicked and fought and tried to scream ?
tr	NN	On the floor lay a crucifix , almost life-size , a work in the Spanish tradition , ghastly and realistic .
tr	NNS	The scraps on his face from the accident were fading right before my eyes .
tr	NNS	Things like that happened in prison , but not in the local jail .
tr	NNS	Everywhere I looked , the trappings of the season had taken over .
tr	NN	His own release pulsed as she quivered around him .
tr	NN	Her lower lip quivered but she didn , t speak a word .
tr	NNS	Both boxers end the spar and start to get out of the ring .
tr	NNS	Big fat raindrops had started to fall just when he was certain he 'd be caught .
tr	NNS	The footsteps in the water made a wet sound like fish jumping .
tr	NNS	Even movies are useless .
tr	NN	She felt her soul evaporating like vapors under the hot sun , a sacrifice to the sun god himself .
tr	NN	The poker boom had hit only a few years ago , after some Internet player won a few million dollars in a big tournament .
tr	NN	There is nothing indulgent about the Moral Law .
tr	NNS	For a few seconds , her footsteps faltered .
tr	NN	With every step , the Book was heavy in my hands .
tr	NN	As the cold strengthens , the madness seems to ebb , and my mind clears .
tr	NNS	Since it was secure at the bottom , the builders might not have thought they needed to attach it as firmly at the top .
tr	NN	A prickle of unease ran down Cheyenne 's spine .
tr	NNS	The wolves were back again .
tr	NN	Careful y , thoroughly , we scanned the forest around us , watching and listening .
tr	NN	Part of the floor was the dining area , with the best table they could afford and a hutch with their best china and dinnerware .
tr	NN	Then the thug with the .38 tries to nail me .
tr	NN	Then the fall crop of hay would be ready to cut and they would return and settle into their new life .
tr	NN	A fellow New Yorker , he understands my accent .
tr	NNS	Others acknowledged who she was by offering snide remarks and scoffing at her .
tr	NN	Frantically she twisted , intent only on getting away from whatever had tripped her .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , the symptoms are not only opposing , but greatly exaggerated . "
tr	NNS	Our warm , wet kisses were just the beginning .
tr	NNS	Moses left by the same door through which he had entered .
tr	NN	Morgan 's chariot awaited .
tr	NNS	Promising false hopes and dreams in order to have those follow her despite the web of power she yields . "
tr	NN	A big fat zero .
tr	NN	The principal could sense it , but he showed no mercy .
tr	NNS	There were still thousands of them , but nowhere near the amount the farm 's defenders believed they were dealing with .
tr	NN	But if she neglected his case , her career would be on the line .
tr	NN	" And as in any fictional story , the author interjects his or her time period into the writing .
tr	NN	The slide of his thick c * ck caused the fragments to shatter further , until she was awash with bliss .
tr	NN	" Just the photo , " Jazz said .
tr	NN	The priest spoke again , " Maybe this isn 't a good time to talk .
tr	NNS	The experiences that came from being marked changed people in both drastic and subtle ways .
tr	NNS	Questions buzzed around her mind and nervousness got the best of her .
tr	NN	The absence of an older generation made Jeremy inquire , " Are you still close to Elise 's father ? "
tr	NN	As I toss one of the kitchen chairs onto the pile , there is a shattering of glass in the kitchen along with a symphony of screams .
tr	NN	Love at first sight didn 't exist .
tr	NN	The uncertainty was not like him .
tr	NN	Terror shot through him as he spun around .
tr	NN	But then no-one had appeared , and I thought I was safe .
tr	NN	Yes , the county government has been able to listen to my little sister all of her life through the unmistakable microphone Crewe sees in her chip .
tr	NN	Can lightning strike twice ?
tr	NN	And any additional funding required to rebuild your community will be forth coming also . '
tr	NN	" No sonic boom , " said Zack .
tr	NN	Finally , the drill sergeant watching the soldiers noticed .
tr	NN	" But the author , you do know . "
tr	NNS	" She likes all of us , Jes -- " " No .
tr	NN	The little thrill that streaked through her really ticked her off .
tr	NN	Our territory was three times as vast as continental masses of the past .
tr	NNS	There were dried spots of blood in all of them .
tr	NN	A deep , satisfying swish accompanied each movement .
tr	NN	The murmuring turned into muffled laughter .
tr	NN	But the lithe knight soon proved himself more than equal to the fight .
tr	NN	Harlow 's spine was stiff as I spoke quietly in her ear .
tr	NN	His black tuxedo had a slight sheen in the lights from the building and fit his tall frame perfectly .
tr	NN	" Obviously the dwarf , " Nate said .
tr	NNS	On the wall across from me , graffiti scrawled in red reads , Day = Traitor .
tr	NNS	Looks like I 'm living up to my name .
tr	NN	His mother 's soft drawl matched everything about her .
tr	NN	Where did the phobia go ?
tr	NN	The real conflict is not between Christianity and ' nature , ' but between Christian principles and other principles in the control of ' nature ' .
tr	NNS	There are no wolves here .
tr	NN	Or a parade of squirrels had marched into the other side of Washington Square Park and started to rub themselves with oil .
tr	NNS	Why did my grandparents have a black and white picture of me ?
tr	NNS	" Any objections , take it up with Messer Cesare , " sneered the captain as the body slumped to the deck under a fountain of blood .
tr	NNS	All characters are fictitious , and any resemblance to real persons is coincidental .
tr	NN	Her balance seemed a little off as she wrapped her arms around her middle .
tr	NN	" Your honor , " she went on .
tr	NN	My adrenaline will be my medication .
tr	NNS	' The gates are opening ! '
tr	NNS	" There are no curses in the ' natural course . '
tr	NN	" Because I know how to stop you , " the mayor replied .
tr	NN	All while Ashe remained in his seat , unmoving and completely stunned .
tr	NN	A further musical beeping of the horn confirmed that it was Jack .
tr	NN	" Why was a plant so dangerous that it needed to be illegal ? "
tr	NN	The audience continued to cheer as the beast rushed towards Cricket with inhuman agility .
tr	NNS	' By the end of this sun all the warriors will be aware of the situation .
tr	NNS	Elaborate helmets graced heads .
tr	NNS	The footsteps were heavy in the distance behind me , running towards us .
tr	NNS	The other teachers look out their windows over at her in disgust for helping me .
tr	NN	" Happy birthday Adam !
tr	NN	The audience laughed , and Mortimer nodded at them with an easy grin .
tr	NN	The elder stepped over to a rough wood shelf , currently full of canned fruit .
tr	NN	There is not the bustle of family from within these walls .
tr	NNS	Of course , the myths and interpretations of the Zodiac 's signs vary .
tr	NN	The roar of the freight train grew to a howl beneath them .
tr	NN	Somewhere out there was a murderer who had already put paid to James Wood .
tr	NNS	* * * CHAPTER 34 The close confines of the tunnel favor the quick .
tr	NN	His orgasm followed hers , draining him until he sank into the mattress , exhausted .
tr	NNS	Cassius pulled me back into another kiss .
tr	NNS	Myles had stopped to look at her ; she hadn 't answered .
tr	NNS	The villagers stood as one , and the room reverberated with their reply .
tr	NN	Come into my parlor , said the spider to the fly .
tr	NNS	The three members of the squad staggered back in amazement .
tr	NNS	New recruits can more readily fill vacancies in these unit 's ranks if they possess solid leaders .
tr	NNS	The leaders would interrogate it , but only if I could save it .
tr	NN	The siren screeched , so close .
tr	NN	The goon faltered , wobbling , so I kicked him with the other foot .
tr	NN	How they were wallowing in the excitement , the intrigue , as they piled into the car .
tr	NNS	Sweeping my hands apart while hovering in midair , my forearms connected with rafters on either side .
tr	NN	The briefcase cracked open , not wide enough to see inside , but enough for Corrado to take over .
tr	NNS	" Things are different now .
tr	NN	The language was Japanese ; the voice , her mother 's .
tr	NN	" A weakness , " Mercer repeated .
tr	NNS	" No strings attached ? "
tr	NNS	Alexis says as she places the knife to her wrist and uses it to point out that there is no injury .
tr	NN	The sapphire gown clung to her every curve , and the color made her eyes even more memorizing .
tr	NNS	In my world , our siblings can be quite a bit older .
tr	NNS	Various bouts of mumbling broke out in expectation of what they would hear .
tr	NN	With that , the torrent of words from the small blond girl 's mouth changed directions .
tr	NNS	The classmates were watching him with their mouths open .
tr	NN	Part of me agreed − why not inflict pain and suffering in measure for what we had suffered ?
tr	NNS	The duchess would most likely weep with tears of joy thinking Emma had taken her advice and seduced her grandson .
tr	NNS	Her fingernails dug into his face , not enough to hurt but enough to hold .
tr	NNS	Screams erupted from within the crowd of over one million people in Times Square .
tr	NN	Stafford castle was old and cramped .
tr	NN	Grim determination suddenly radiated from Reyes .
tr	NNS	There was a clank as the bar above her head swiveled to accommodate her new position , her wrists still firmly held by the handcuffs .
tr	NN	But when they reached the iron door blocking the basement entrance , his fur bristled .
tr	NNS	The feral Freaks weren 't smart enough to understand their instinctive antipathy , but I did .
tr	NNS	Looks almost like ... like a hologram , or a ghost . "
tr	NN	They don 't think about the effect it has on me , last years birthday was the hardest .
tr	NNS	Errol and Almira stood aghast , jaws dropped .
tr	NNS	Other Templars had begun to take up the same habit , a symbol to mark their willingness to shed their own blood for the cause .
tr	NN	Then suddenly Dove was beside him .
tr	NN	the secretary said , almost enraged now , " Nothing like that !
tr	NNS	Your deaths will not serve me .
tr	NN	The initiative was mine .
tr	NNS	" But making crochet pigs has a very soothing effect .
tr	NN	The cub will come , and we 'll go home and have another party . "
tr	NN	Pink scar tissue multiplied by reflection and refraction into hideous spreading colonies .
tr	NNS	Sadness hung in Logan 's voice .
tr	NN	The click of the gun cocking sounded as loud as thunder .
tr	NNS	Others shot up as if punched by an underground giant .
tr	NNS	Rufus shrugged his shoulders , pretending the younger man 's response was unimportant .
tr	NN	At that instant , the tree snake lunged for Liza , lightning quick .
tr	NN	She was our deer friend , no pun intended .
tr	NNS	Training and dress rehearsals only did so much .
tr	NNS	Chills from all unpleasant things reminded me of who I really was , of what my world was really like .
tr	NN	But their exchange at her door hadn 't satisfied her .
tr	NN	A spark seemed to pass between them , which , in turn , sent a rush of possessiveness through Ali 's body .
tr	NN	An obsidian ramp formed .
tr	NN	" Where 's the fighter ? "
tr	NNS	" Things have changed , and you know it . "
tr	NN	A cardinal landed on the window ledge , hopped from spot to spot as if the ledge were on fire , then flew off .
tr	NNS	Or perhaps the cats have frightened all the wild mice away , even from within their cages .
tr	NN	A blush stained his cheeks and she raised a hand to touch him one more time .
tr	NN	" Not in that direction , infection is spreading by the magic of Loki . "
tr	NN	Of course , the majority of library patrons were women , but that didn 't explain why they hadn 't targeted any men .
tr	NN	" There is no honour in fighting from afar . "
tr	NNS	The companions came upon a clearing and Tanya held her hand up .
tr	NN	The operation hinged on it .
tr	NN	Then , the announcement came for his flight , and he embarked the plane without any unpleasant events .
tr	NNS	Plus the Guns and Ammo variety .
tr	NNS	Others would stand , proud and defiant .
tr	NNS	The bars hindered her view .
tr	NNS	Words were impossible with him this close .
tr	NNS	Others had come from this small galaxy , and with them an immortal woman who hoped to destroy an empire that had yet to be .
tr	NNS	The zombies were in the road and on both sides for what looked to be one or more city blocks on each side .
tr	NNS	The media had called it a freak accident .
tr	NN	A thief in wizard 's robes .
tr	NN	He began moving back , cal ing his troops with him .
tr	NN	The key hook by the door displayed no sign of any keys .
tr	NNS	Moses slid up the bed and away from Louis and started crying .
tr	NNS	Family members were sleeping peacefully in their own beds .
tr	NN	This has never happened before , " yelled the healer as a wind started blowing from nowhere and the room became dark .
tr	NN	" Where is your daddy ? "
tr	NNS	Some members of the crew waved a cheery goodbye to me from the mast where they 'd just finished cracking on more sail .
tr	NNS	His followers , his parent 's followers are here because they have been running , running from one who wants to destroy them all .
tr	NNS	Supposing ghastly creatures started coming out of the air ? '
tr	NN	Glancing at the now half-empty bottle , a pinch of annoyance flooded her veins .
tr	NN	" But a quarter of an hour isn 't long enough ! "
tr	NNS	Flames roared from a large volcano .
tr	NNS	If we don 't catch the bug by then , maybe the suits will help . "
tr	NN	The ejection port was pointing toward a vacant region within the structure .
tr	NN	The phoenix flew out of the window with a soft squeaked .
tr	NN	' Gareth 's secretary contacted Microsoft through their connections and left a message of urgency for Jason Chapman -- ' ' Ze singer ? '
tr	NN	The import of the shorter man 's words sank into him .
tr	NNS	All levels of toast darkness .
tr	NN	" The willow , " he said .
tr	NN	The obvious inquiry was on my mind .
tr	NN	Its green mass strutted into the sky with a blinker light and small railing on top .
tr	NNS	Two mech wolves kept a sharp eye on the repair bots as they examined the drone .
tr	NNS	The rabbit visits with sticky rice wrapped in ghostly lotus leaves .
tr	NNS	Of course the frames were not right , too ornate , but she could always get them changed , sometime .
tr	NNS	His eyelids drooped and yawns racked his body .
tr	NN	The jaguar continued without pause until she came to another Mayan site , although this one had been used more recently .
tr	NNS	Marius kissed Armand 's forehead .
tr	NN	At the age of 26 , the British government decided to source Beppe 's assistance in rebuilding their own spy network .
tr	NNS	" Our spies in Rome report that Rodrigo is indeed a reduced threat .
tr	NN	Part of my brain was screaming to kill them .
tr	NN	Love stood looking at Doctor Cooper .
tr	NNS	Others were searching for a secret door , or stairway , digging into every stone crevice to no avail .
tr	NNS	Things changed when I developed breasts and a wide set of hips .
tr	NNS	Replacing bulbs was one of those little things Jonas was good at doing .
tr	NN	Only your precious siren had the strength to murder a Prime . "
tr	NN	A rumbling spreads throughout my belly as if I hadn 't eaten in days .
tr	NN	The role model I aspired to be when I grew up .
tr	NNS	Two ladies dressed in green scrubs entered the room .
tr	NNS	Those creatures didn 't fear much , they had attacked the Elders without hesitation , but they feared Cassie .
tr	NNS	Others keep expanding . "
tr	NNS	Images of her face beat against my consciousness .
tr	NNS	Things are pretty much routine over here these days .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of Nick kept pulling her forward at a quick , determined pace , with Maxi stumbling along beside her .
tr	NNS	Shouts echoed through the doors and the crowd outside parted to make a path for the police .
tr	NN	The venom could be from our world or hers .
tr	NN	" And the discovery disappoints you ? "
tr	NN	" I guess she really did wake up last week , " his next door neighbor , Aaron , said from right next to him .
tr	NN	A chorus of voices echoed around the space , along with the sound of meat sizzling on open grills .
tr	NNS	" The wolves are nervous about having a vampire here . "
tr	NNS	But these roads twist and turn something awful . "
tr	NN	Then we 'll begin , " the priest answered as he sipped his coffee .
tr	NNS	The characters and events portrayed in this book are fictitious .
tr	NNS	Words seemed dangerous suddenly ; there was too much he didn 't want to hear or think .
tr	NNS	Looks like I got my attitude from my father .
tr	NN	His recovery was more important than getting a few white lies off my chest .
tr	NN	The mayor gets up on stage again ; the whole scene is like a distortion of déjà vu .
tr	NN	The notion gave him an unfamiliar sense of satisfaction .
tr	NN	There is a utilities chase that runs through the wall most of the way .
tr	NN	the captain inquired , tilting his head slightly .
tr	NNS	The kitchens were extensive , and the baths at the rear of the house could only be called luxurious .
tr	NN	So the strategy final y made sense .
tr	NNS	If Godwin is not a saint , perhaps there are no saints .
tr	NN	My belly flipped at the idea of going there even now .
tr	NNS	Quarantine centers are effective so far .
tr	NN	A selfish bastard , his claim to fame seemed to be his skill in getting women to fall for his game .
tr	NN	In fact , a small delegation of them , still friendly to the Borgia , is going with him . "
tr	NNS	What would the Others consider a betrayal ?
tr	NNS	Screams increased as people fell underfoot in the masses trying to scramble in different directions at the same time .
tr	NN	Then the operator , Buddy , with a nervous face , slowly climbed back into the bulldozer .
tr	NN	Not snow-covered or anything like the mountains farther to the north .
tr	NNS	There were various tales of the enchanted Sword but nothing was clear as to its ultimate fate .
tr	NNS	" What are the chances that we can beat this lawsuit ? "
tr	NNS	His movements weren 't as practiced as Cole 's .
tr	NNS	Words seemed to be losing their meaning .
tr	NN	Her pointed observation rocked Gerald a little .
tr	NNS	The nerve cells felt like plants sprouting in her mind ; she visualized them that way .
tr	NNS	Sirens were approaching , a lot of them .
tr	NN	The pup growled fiercely .
tr	NN	" What a nerve !
tr	NN	The bruise on her throat hadn 't gone away .
tr	NN	The pilot furrows her brow like that doesn 't make sense to her .
tr	NNS	All the medical tests prove it .
tr	NN	No doubt the museum kept anything biological in cold storage .
tr	NN	If the leader doesn 't know what he 's doing , no-one else does , either . ' '
tr	NNS	Two servants held a taut length of cowhide over her head to keep off the rain .
tr	NN	This terrible hunger I have for you isn 't at all what I expected .
tr	NN	Among the small cluster of soldiers , who stood pressed against the wall of the inn , was the other Warden , a man with white hair .
tr	NN	" The fiddle dies . "
tr	NNS	Broad ideas required now .
tr	NNS	the male members of the squadron sent almost at once .
tr	NNS	Maris skidded to a stop beside them .
tr	NN	The hierarchy was really quite small for an organisation that had a worldwide remit , and they were all widely experienced members of the intelligence community .
tr	NNS	Upper classes of course had a much wider range of foods - all game animals ( rabbits , deer , and so on ) belonged to them .
tr	NN	If nothing else , instinct should make him hard , but he never rose to attention .
tr	NN	Her gown was dirty and part of the hem was torn away .
tr	NN	The core of Jackson was still the same .
tr	NN	The weed had circled .
tr	NN	And too often a woman 's first loyalty is to her mother instead of her husband .
tr	NNS	His thumbs stroked my thighs , urging my knees wider , so he could travel deeper with every thrust .
tr	NNS	His species eats the meat covered in tree leaves , tree bark , and soil bugs .
tr	NN	The rustling on the other side of the wall had long since stopped .
tr	NNS	Lights instantly flickered off , leaving only a dark , dark void .
tr	NN	The impromptu plum picnic had made me feel lazy and content , but we 'd spent too much time on edge recently to go totally lax .
tr	NN	" An hour ago the opposition leader gave his assent . "
tr	NNS	Questions flooded my mind .
tr	NNS	The footsteps coming up the flagstone told them Chester had arrived , and they parted just as he burst through the door .
tr	NNS	Girls with clear faces and easy style , flicking hands and throwing words to each other like playful balls .
tr	NNS	Things are going to start happening before we know it and we need to talk . "
tr	NN	And a third click from behind Vimes as Fred Colon locked the door and stood in front of it , looking impassive .
tr	NNS	Even the twins that dress like three-year-olds are better than Laney .
tr	NNS	Aurelius was off killing spawn somewhere and didn 't need to worry about an uneasy Vampire Queen .
tr	NNS	But what were the actual limits of his powers ?
tr	NNS	Not all the museum patrons had seen the knife , and they were bewildered and shouting .
tr	NNS	The twins were healthy and happy , which was all that mattered .
tr	NNS	There were a few dozen letters , three magazines , and two packages .
tr	NN	" If nuclear warheads aren 't involved in the crash , " he said , " why the secrecy ? "
tr	NN	" I see , " the commander replied .
tr	NN	A political gala will do .
tr	NN	Now their role model had turned on them , and no one seemed to know how to react .
tr	NN	But their session hadn 't carried her away as she 'd hoped .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids fluttered open .
tr	NN	The warm , liquid tip of it flicked against hers , causing a lightning bolt of heat to lodge in her chest .
tr	NN	Frowning , Lulu leaned over her , patted the empty spot .
tr	NNS	No doubt , other creatures of the night were out running around ... doing whatever it was that creatures of the night do .
tr	NN	" My father-in-law winced .
tr	NN	Is your master at home ? "
tr	NN	The smells hit me before I even saw our home .
tr	NNS	Tiny ferns grew here ; but where did the light come from ?
tr	NNS	Our society functions on social obligation , underpinned by self-interest .
tr	NNS	The ladies are only going to be with us for a short time so get to dancing . "
tr	NN	My pulse pounded in my ears and my mind took inventory of every place in contact with him .
tr	NNS	And , as quickly as that , half a dozen mantis warriors came flooding into the hive .
tr	NN	There was a photograph of John McBride , together with one of his paintings .
tr	NN	The entire canyon started to rumble violently .
tr	NN	The trio discussed the work that they were currently on .
tr	NNS	No letters remain from this time , and there is no oral history of family reunions and such .
tr	NN	The dagger hilt shone in the firelight and the shepherd reached for it .
tr	NN	A roar penetrated the hull as huge pumps began sucking the air out of the bay .
tr	NNS	His eyelids quickly grew heavy and the hunter drifted away into sleep .
tr	NNS	Witches first , fairies second , but one day neither race would be enough .
tr	NNS	Reyes hadn 't hurt her , had still managed to protect her .
tr	NNS	Mahayana The actual origins of Mahayana are obscure .
tr	NN	His secretary stood behind him and her jaw dropped at Carlo 's tone .
tr	NN	The usher thumped the floor again .
tr	NNS	Myles stifled another laugh .
tr	NNS	The footsteps from above quickened .
tr	NN	The grandmother said it was a one off and she never saw any signs of anything again . "
tr	NNS	Things went along smoothly on the Isle for several years after the wedding .
tr	NN	The upholstery smelled faintly of cigarette smoke , but I didn 't care .
tr	NN	The gravel was the very expensive kind , the kind that 's supposed to interlock so it doesn 't roll out of the desired area .
tr	NNS	Violent jolts of sheer pleasure coursed through her and she bit her lip , to the point that she tasted blood , to keep from crying out .
tr	NNS	Nay , the wonders only increased .
tr	NN	Then a furtive whisper .
tr	NN	" Each language you see represents the current language spoken when I wrote the entry .
tr	NN	Her maid never woke her before ten .
tr	NNS	Others stayed , still nursing wounds .
tr	NNS	The lilting strains of the ballad her mother used to sing to her while playing the piano .
tr	NNS	The regions controlled by Liverpool , Manchester and Birmingham prevailed and became the singular entity known as the Colony .
tr	NN	The tower ghosts flutter near me , drawn to my warmth .
tr	NN	The werewolf was so shocked he didn 't think about going through the change .
tr	NN	With clear reluctance the maid took the package he offered .
tr	NNS	Others would draft the crucial pretrial motions .
tr	NNS	The letters provided us with ways to make money by accurately forecasting specific events .
tr	NNS	There are steady footsteps behind me in the thick grass , approaching , but I do not turn .
tr	NN	The spider saw him too , but I was closer .
tr	NNS	The castle ruins were nearby , and there , under one of the half destroyed arches , they found a cover to hide from the downpour .
tr	NN	My core tightened and my skin itched with the burning desire to feel him along every inch .
tr	NN	A knight stood on top of the boar leading it .
tr	NNS	The larger scales may be impossible to penetrate this way .
tr	NN	" I have them al in a room - al but the fugitive , " the sheriff said into a large black mobile .
tr	NNS	Those older vamps had some moves , let me tell you .
tr	NNS	The fairies grinned broadly .
tr	NNS	Two nurses came out of the emergency room , each holding a child .
tr	NNS	A tightness clutched at her insides .
tr	NNS	The sharp spikes punched and pierced their armor and they screamed with agony .
tr	NN	The oil black bay showed signs of obvious care , he was young too , and undefeated , you could tell .
tr	NNS	There are literally thousands of Marks .
tr	NNS	The runes carved into the discs let her see them with her mind 's eye and provided the conduits for her magic .
tr	NNS	Hands lazily clasped in front of him .
tr	NN	The fleeing steam created an enormous vacuum that sucked millions of gallons of seawater downward into contact with the magma .
tr	NN	t even consider uncertainty now . "
tr	NNS	Things were moving quickly .
tr	NN	Thinking of the boardwalk brought back thoughts of the person sharing the beach with me .
tr	NN	The van stirred again .
tr	NNS	Alexis , when you get out of here , just try and make a life for yourself .
tr	NNS	Reyes didn 't hear Danika 's response .
tr	NNS	Families left behind ; they rape women - women like you - and kill children .
tr	NNS	Things I don 't like to remember but don 't want to forget . '
tr	NNS	The butterflies loved them .
tr	NNS	There are many variations of this dire treatment .
tr	NN	A huge sob tore out of her .
tr	NN	The lack of privacy disturbed her immensely .
tr	NN	The bullet sang past his ear and he grabbed the gun , wrestling with her as she slapped and kicked and spit at him .
tr	NN	" The lying , conniving bastard . "
tr	NN	The bastard made me keep his secrets for seven years while my mother underwent six rounds of chemotherapy and four different surgeries . "
tr	NNS	The images Agnes had weaved were overwhelming .
tr	NNS	Although , now that you mention it , the possibilities are endless . "
tr	NNS	Animals of all sizes ran through the fields .
tr	NNS	Questions heaved and pitched in her mind , splashed against the confines of her skull until she felt they 'd shatter it .
tr	NNS	Classic signs of perversion , " I snickered .
tr	NNS	" The first attempts at chip faking was before the TGN was even set up .
tr	NN	" About this tall , " said Arun the helper , indicating his left shoulder .
tr	NN	" My secretary gave me a schedule of events the reporter will be attending with me .
tr	NNS	Her kisses had been so sweet , igniting his blood and making him want to be a better man so he deserved such a treat .
tr	NN	But the dwarfs will share theirs .
tr	NN	But the hotel 's cellar is top-notch , so I suggest you try something . "
tr	NN	" One more extension , you know I 'm good for it shortcake .
tr	NNS	Dogs sometimes did that , right ?
tr	NNS	Girls like that . "
tr	NNS	Others would say they understood , but never called again .
tr	NNS	A few puffs of popcorn escaped from the top of Keke 's bag .
tr	NN	" So where is the seer ? "
tr	NN	His stake lay out of reach against the wall .
tr	NN	" What 's that wonderful fragrance ? "
tr	NN	More likely , of course , the slave was crazy -- possibly even dangerous .
tr	NN	At least out here , there was the illusion of comfort .
tr	NNS	Four screens hung on the wall that ran parallel with the table .
tr	NNS	Silently , the twins left the stone and began the trek into the village .
tr	NN	The spotlight went dark , and Jonathan was blind for a moment in the sudden blackness .
tr	NNS	Two witnesses saw her mother on the mountain when Martha died .
tr	NNS	" The legends speak of black giants as well as white and yellow ones .
tr	NN	My belly will explode , and I will just simply die . "
tr	NNS	Things always seem better in the daylight . "
tr	NN	The pilot sounded really pleased at this .
tr	NN	The whole assembly fell into absolute silence .
tr	NN	Her tribe had fought this bunch for two thousand years .
tr	NNS	But there were also uniforms of the East .
tr	NN	Your innocence and honesty is your best preparations to attain your goals .
tr	NN	My partner fell and got hurt . "
tr	NN	Her tradition had always been to toast every victory with a small shot glass of the stuff she called " liquid gold . "
tr	NN	There was a startled grunt from the troll as the enchanted blade slid through the thick skin and found the soft tissue beneath .
tr	NNS	Shadowhunters are our allies - " " Which is why Sebastian targeted us . "
tr	NN	The unit she was staying in was at the back , overlooking the parking lot and playing fields beyond .
tr	NNS	Those drinks are fine with us . "
tr	NNS	" Yep , " Barry affirmed , " thousands of year 's worth .
tr	NNS	" Our abilities are stronger than we could have imagined because of how quickly our network is expanding .
tr	NNS	" The space cruisers are in position and the robo troops have landed !
tr	NN	The mayor was back : " It struck him in just the wrong place .
tr	NNS	The edges of her gown snagged on bristled weeds .
tr	NNS	" Knowing facts isn 't the same as getting into the character .
tr	NN	Her entire posture just screamed indolent slob .
tr	NN	Part of her wanted to shove her fingers into that wound and tug .
tr	NN	The slug must have embedded in his brain for there was no exit hole .
tr	NNS	The pills just take the edge off . "
tr	NN	The new chaplain was silent for a moment , then murmured , " Did not Lord Holden 's wife die several years back ? "
tr	NN	Especial y since Stefan must be somewhere around .
tr	NN	There 's a rustling on the other end , and then the line goes silent .
tr	NNS	" The wolves come here to run often .
tr	NNS	Plus there 're vegetables in the Chinese food .
tr	NN	In recent decades , this notion of emergent group behavior had caused a minor revolution in computer science .
tr	NNS	Her demands were absurd .
tr	NN	The cord was all that was holding him upright .
tr	NN	Let me try something , " Song said .
tr	NNS	How many more paintings were there , in those seven years ?
tr	NN	A huge orange moth fluttered by my head , alighting at the top of the post , and I waved a hand to shoo it away .
tr	NN	The intruder was coming down the hall toward the basement entrance .
tr	NN	An aura changes colors with your feelings .
tr	NN	The dwarf didn 't talk much due to her voice , which had been ruined years ago when she 'd been forced to breathe in elemental Fire .
tr	NN	The only plausible explanation was that it was a rogue operation , something initiated by an overzealous underling .
tr	NN	A construction pit looks small when you pass it on the street .
tr	NN	Though he evaded capture , the majority of his entourage entered into oblivion , reducing his power .
tr	NNS	But , dear , these cards show of a great change coming your way in the future .
tr	NN	A small wormhole formed beneath Suzanne 's feet .
tr	NNS	Coordinating their attack , the heavily armored suits spread out , attempting to surround the boy once again .
tr	NNS	Things seemed to be looking up especially as he had Sundays with Liz and Graham to look forward to .
tr	NN	The near shoreline was just another two hundred yards or so .
tr	NN	The young hunter stood just beyond the wooden rail fence which enclosed McGrady 's farm .
tr	NNS	Questions asked and answered without words .
tr	NNS	Others didn 't change .
tr	NN	My stomach beings churning , making me gag .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids grew heavy and she shivered as unexpected pleasure rippled over her .
tr	NN	The exchange had stopped short of being a full-blown scene , but she 'd seen the looks on the faces of some nearby guests .
tr	NNS	Others were many yards apart .
tr	NN	Even the trapping is fun .
tr	NNS	The followers agreed with enthusiasm and started working promptly towards its realization .
tr	NN	There was absolute pandemonium .
tr	NN	Love can heal all scars . "
tr	NNS	The concepts turned round , a little embarrassed at their fawning reaction to the embodiment of awesome .
tr	NNS	" What are my chances if I don 't ? "
tr	NNS	There were metal bars tied to the other patient 's window panes , like railings .
tr	NNS	Silent guardians ringed the room 's walls , but I paid no more attention to them than I did furniture .
tr	NN	The cold glamour still buzzed beneath my skin , and I could taste metal on the air .
tr	NN	I , unfortunately , did not , though this arrangement was a marked improvement over the earlier one .
tr	NN	Lightning and thunder crashed overhead .
tr	NN	The accent he used was clearly West Country .
tr	NNS	There were twists and turns , in dim tunnels that all seemed alike .
tr	NN	" Ultimately , his passion for science and the means to research and develop new technologies are why he joined us .
tr	NNS	" The wolves have found Agent Lawford , but he 's unconscious and chained to a tree .
tr	NNS	Even the insects spoke to her .
tr	NNS	" As an unbiased viewer , I must tell you , your acting abilities are slipping .
tr	NNS	Their blades quickly locked and a fluid rotation of the wrist sent one flying .
tr	NN	The administrator knew the meteorite existed .
tr	NNS	Things just happen ! "
tr	NN	So are Death and Curse .
tr	NNS	" Old curses mean nothing .
tr	NN	If you have one person who is miserable , that misery spreads like a weed , just as Michael said .
tr	NNS	There are cells here and they 've locked him up ?
tr	NN	The commander of the Red was obviously nervous but said not .
tr	NN	A brief eternity later , they were on solid ground , facing a medium-sized cavern , and Elena fel to her knees .
tr	NN	The sparkle had gone out of his eyes .
tr	NN	The momentary lapse of concentration made him lose control of the car and it skid off the turn , plummeting a hundred feet .
tr	NNS	Missing persons and people showing up without an identity sounded related to him .
tr	NNS	When Logan sent a messenger concerning the reinforcement , the pirates laughed at him .
tr	NN	But Diego real y didn 't seem like any of the others .
tr	NNS	Her nostrils flared and she gave me her back .
tr	NNS	The twins headed for the game room .
tr	NN	Finney 's bay snaps at Ake as they trot closer .
tr	NNS	The crowd 's chants grew more boisterous , egging him on .
tr	NNS	Moments later , three figures emerged from the gloom .
tr	NNS	" Many apologies for interrupting , " came the sardonic reply .
tr	NNS	Our losses should not be as great that way . "
tr	NNS	The suns were shining so brightly they hurt his eyes and he got this idea to flip over and see what was on the ocean floor .
tr	NN	A flat black canvas above , not twisting and moving like the Dark , and not as heavy .
tr	NN	The terry cloth robe felt snug and comfy .
tr	NNS	" The shifters , especially the jaguar and werewolves , were always secretive societies .
tr	NN	The black rectangle looks like a small version of a floppy , so I swipe my fingers along the top of it .
tr	NNS	" The fairies want it back ? "
tr	NN	Here the Manager stopped .
tr	NNS	Although attempts had been made to intercept messages between ships , worldwide communication networks hadn 't picked up anything .
tr	NN	" My little diversion didn 't work and I got fired .
tr	NNS	He stared at them , his forearms folded over his chest , one talon tapping .
tr	NNS	Liver spots appeared on his wrinkled hands .
tr	NNS	Curious about their past , but never prying , Monica became their confidant and accessory after the fact .
tr	NN	But a genuine spark of fear tightened my chest .
tr	NNS	Waves of black depression rolled over me as I sat at my bare kitchen table .
tr	NN	The red icon circled a number one and reminded her there was another friend request .
tr	NN	Chance and I settled into padded vinyl chairs on the other side of the desk .
tr	NN	Why was the injury so familiar ?
tr	NNS	Things are simple with her , and even though I didn 't realize it before , I think I might need simple .
tr	NN	The garage had multiple cars and motorbikes , even though at first glance only two cars , a motorbike , and the small helicopter were visible .
tr	NNS	Slowly , the hostages quieted down , realizing that she was the one in charge of everything - including whether they lived or died .
tr	NN	He couldn 't breath , his instinct wouldn 't let him breath .
tr	NNS	Lights blazed on , revealing the same furniture that all of the kids had .
tr	NN	Love is already so rare .
tr	NNS	" Things had happened before that , but they were minor .
tr	NN	Catholic teaching suggests that heaven is elsewhere and it goes through a process of arriving here .
tr	NN	A repulsive stench of stagnate water emanated from the darkness and they could feel the rumble of the volcano under their feet .
tr	NN	My clit and G-spot are of greater sensory concern .
tr	NNS	Romulus whined cheerfully and trotted to the door .
tr	NN	" My Master was never active in that department .
tr	NN	This development with Zayne was so unexpected .
tr	NN	The command was barely off his lips when Kane obeyed , letting go and dropping back on the street .
tr	NNS	There were definitely some rust spots on it but otherwise the body looked in decent condition .
tr	NN	But Ronan couldn " t do that , not until he knew for certain the curse wasn " t crap .
tr	NN	The McCloud knight stepped forward and pointed his sword to Kendrick 's throat , pinning him to the ground .
tr	NN	I ' l do whatever I have to do to play bal for Alabama ... but this feels so wrong .
tr	NNS	" Kurt , give me break , I 've been to the Panhandle Building , there 's only three completed floors instead of seven . "
tr	NN	The royal barber stepped aside , hiding his disappointment at being displaced on this day of all days .
tr	NNS	Among the captured elves was Claus ' favorite electric train specialist , Zippy .
tr	NN	Stupid bastard could never keep anything from me . '
tr	NNS	The descriptions are also in English so you shouldn 't have much trouble .
tr	NN	Another brief exchange of ideas took place , and then the call was finished .
tr	NN	An ash tray directly in front of me overflowed with reeking cigarette butts .
tr	NNS	Great , their expressions softened as they registered the ' I 'm your kid ' line .
tr	NN	Still , the explorers could not travel as fast as they wished .
tr	NNS	The implants recognize both our voices .
tr	NNS	His eyelids closed , and a tear rolled out of the corner of each eye , racing across his temples .
tr	NN	" Yes , sir , " the short sergeant said .
tr	NNS	The footsteps get louder as whoever it is is getting closer .
tr	NN	This downfall is the greatest satisfaction for me .
tr	NNS	" What are your symptoms ? "
tr	NNS	Cheering , the goblins surged forward .
tr	NN	The stench of centuries of refuse drifted up from the trench below .
tr	NN	The elf landed with a meaty thud and the zombie crashed down on top .
tr	NN	Her precision was perfect burying the spearhead deep under his arm where his armor couldn 't protect him .
tr	NNS	There were coils of ice in her guts .
tr	NN	The absence of his warmth made her yearn for it again .
tr	NNS	Signed , Faithful These bits of information would mean little except that the next morning brought panic to the Vatican .
tr	NNS	Kit rips open a pale purple patch .
tr	NN	" No offense meant .
tr	NNS	These werewolves are just strays who broke off from their pack .
tr	NN	There was no weakness in Mercer 's voice then .
tr	NN	" As much as I 'd love to leave you two here to rot , there is a war brewing outside . "
tr	NN	" Not that particular model , but Strom does .
tr	NNS	The cousins were thinking much the same thoughts as her .
tr	NNS	Why don 't villains ever want something rational ? "
tr	NNS	" Light ... " the immortals whispered , dreamy .
tr	NN	The Guild of Musicians could take lessons .
tr	NNS	The clowns in the al ey tonight pretending to be superheroes hadn 't been doing anything the rest of us couldn 't do .
tr	NNS	Diggs crouched beside me .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately right and wrong rarely matters to folks .
tr	NN	Inside , there was no control panel .
tr	NNS	There are leather cords tied around the bottom of the handle and two small strands of small , tan beads hang from the end .
tr	NN	The damage wasn 't enough to take her down , but it was enough to let her know I wasn 't going out without a fight .
tr	NNS	Make yer shots count ! "
tr	NN	Not until he added , " And I will be riding in them , " did she seem to comprehend the import of what he was saying .
tr	NN	The creak of old heavy door hinges pulls everyone 's attention .
tr	NN	Dense foliage mostly obscured the front of the house , but the upper stories rose above the trees .
tr	NNS	Then again the aliens had brought life saving , advanced medicine , with them upon arrival .
tr	NNS	" How do couples manage to stay together during all that time apart ? "
tr	NNS	Hands press against my shoulder blades and shove me forward .
tr	NNS	Her parents ' calm , pleased expressions make me want to scream .
tr	NNS	Jewels flashed from their nests within rich clothing , rings , and amulets , their colors clashing and striking chords with the light as it continually changed .
tr	NNS	And a hunter 's instincts are not to be taken lightly .
tr	NN	His low growl rumbled through the air .
tr	NN	The lack of business was so pronounced that , even in my financially precarious state , I started to feel bad for taking their money .
tr	NN	Another tap and the turrets retracted into the ground .
tr	NNS	If Kathy signs consent . "
tr	NNS	Valerius headed out first .
tr	NNS	How many Officials will die tonight for no reason ?
tr	NN	The loft was immaculate , and the summer sun lit the beige wal s , making every corner of the room glow .
tr	NN	The plaza had a pet store .
tr	NN	Thinking of her brought a slight pain to my chest .
tr	NN	There was warm soup , bread , and roasted vegetables .
tr	NN	The way Wren held her felt so ... different .
tr	NN	My flying career was too important .
tr	NNS	Restroom stalls stood against one wall while the showers lined the other .
tr	NN	The vicar smiled his most beatific expression .
tr	NNS	The least flattering shots always made the front page .
tr	NN	" A thank-you might be nice . "
tr	NNS	Now there were dents on the steel plate , blood in the crevices they no longer bothered to wash away .
tr	NNS	Most rainbows looked like they were already erasing .
tr	NNS	Summer romances , by definition , are bittersweet .
tr	NNS	My classmates had heard everything ... Mr. Solomon had heard everything ... Dr. Steve had heard everything !
tr	NN	His secretary , Collette , opened the door .
tr	NN	Our literature needs to have the stories of the girls who 've used the center , so people can see everyone benefits from it . "
tr	NN	a ghoul asked her .
tr	NN	Well , there 's a tie . "
tr	NN	" Yes , but I 'm sure word will be out soon enough , " the captain alleged as Rose nodded with understanding .
tr	NNS	Real professors should have spent their lives buried in dark , dusty libraries , researching papers and striving for expert status .
tr	NN	" Wrong medication , it has certain side-effects , namely hallucinations . "
tr	NN	" Why overthrow the Final Empire ?
tr	NNS	" My quarters , " he answers .
tr	NN	The contradiction made no sense , but the irony of his thoughts didn 't escape him .
tr	NNS	Heated shouts and the occasional head popping out kept the onlookers entertained .
tr	NNS	His pupils dilated to allow as much light as possible through .
tr	NNS	Lots of women had blond hair and deep green eyes .
tr	NNS	When he spoke again his tone was ominously soft , " Things change , General .
tr	NNS	Things were not good between Kurt and his father .
tr	NNS	There were no signs of dishes , plates , flowers , or anything resembling the living .
tr	NN	The knight staggered towards him , and nearly on top of him as he backed over something unexpected and went down .
tr	NN	There 's no Death here ! '
tr	NN	" What is your command ? "
tr	NNS	The dampness on her cheeks told her she 'd been crying .
tr	NN	the captain asked firmly .
tr	NNS	The colors of the sky and the sound of the water with the warm air made her almost forget everything .
tr	NN	In the distance loomed the large mountain that provided work for most of the residents in the city .
tr	NNS	His wrists were so fragile beneath hers .
tr	NN	No network is going to pick up on this .
tr	NN	" Part ninja or not , it 's nighttime and you put your hand on me in the middle of a dark parking lot without warning .
tr	NN	" It has to be them , " whispered a lanky junior with a ratty blond ponytail .
tr	NNS	The twins bowed at either side of the ring to a deafening applause .
tr	NNS	Season tickets sales had topped thirty-five thousand , a record .
tr	NNS	I could feel it , the vibrant cords of it were fraying , disappearing into the night in a very tangible way .
tr	NNS	Flames shoot out of Emily 's eyes when she says it .
tr	NNS	Screams , screams , so many screams .
tr	NN	A shriek jolts me awake .
tr	NNS	The gates were open , so I walked right in past the heavy guard .
tr	NNS	All images , voices , visions , gone now .
tr	NNS	Forty-seven of the original fifty-six eggs were known to exist , their locations noted in captions beneath the photos .
tr	NN	There 's a ferry there .
tr	NNS	Of course , these poor fellas had no idea where they were going .
tr	NN	The battalion commander , a lieutenant colonel , had protested so vigorously that the matter had to eventually forward up the chain for adjudication .
tr	NN	The marble tablet said so little .
tr	NN	The warrior seemed to be untouched by all the pesky mosquitoes .
tr	NN	My shield swung a wide arch and launched several foes into the air screaming .
tr	NNS	The women 's quarters were on the second floor .
tr	NNS	Our coaches put us on path to become star hockey players .
tr	NNS	John 's employers knew their business .
tr	NNS	The tall grasses made it difficult to see any one .
tr	NN	After one of them downed his own , the only good option was to find the nearest and ride with no concern for whose it was .
tr	NN	My chip tells me that signifies letting go , how it all flows away .
tr	NNS	" Your Highness , Sir Belmont put him to the sword . "
tr	NN	A willow drooped its fronds into the river lap .
tr	NN	By now the habitat was swaying like a building in an earthquake .
tr	NNS	Investigating murders wasn 't my specialty .
tr	NN	Her grandmother was raging when she saw books .
tr	NN	As if answering her , lightning forked in a spectacular display , streaks stretching across the sky .
tr	NNS	The servants stood ready to take her bags , bring her tea , and fade into the background .
tr	NNS	Those cliffs have taken many 's a life and not shed a single tear .
tr	NNS	The ladies were starting to look uncomfortable .
tr	NNS	But images of making love to Jane filled his head .
tr	NNS	Her large pronounced cheekbones looked out of proportion .
tr	NN	Reality became meaningless , but somehow life held more meaning than ever .
tr	NNS	Soon her initial misgivings about the crop returned .
tr	NNS	" Your seats are down front . "
tr	NN	The shield banged against the smooth walls , dragging more effort out of me .
tr	NN	" Milk is always good if you 've got some ? "
tr	NN	Then a deep baritone shouted harshly , gathering everyone back to the truck .
tr	NNS	The shackles at my feet clicked and sprang open .
tr	NN	The clown threw down his turkey leg .
tr	NNS	Without the sunshine , the colors of the fish and coral would be muted and dull .
tr	NN	A seer , Rex and Melissa had said .
tr	NNS	Her texts were bad enough .
tr	NNS	Delores could manage it .
tr	NNS	No fears of it all falling apart .
tr	NNS	The vamps weren 't about to let up .
tr	NNS	Soldiers were moving in with guns drawn , shouting all sorts of orders for people to get down onto the ground .
tr	NN	Gabe 's habit must be contagious .
tr	NN	Although the knight tried to reposition , his lance shot harmlessly wide as Drake easily sidestepped the puncturing blow .
tr	NNS	Any zombies in the area are going to be coming this way soon . "
tr	NNS	Not all the tests have come back yet , but so far every one I 've done has returned positive .
tr	NNS	Tim 's Mercedes sat unexpected in the driveway .
tr	NN	" No , " he said sarcastically , " my drug dealing does that .
tr	NN	The marble hits after the bolt to open a hole through the creature .
tr	NN	Love didn 't just go away .
tr	NN	" Takes one exercise junkie to know another .
tr	NNS	A couple shots came in my direction , one of them close enough that I felt the heat from the metal as it whizzed by my head .
tr	NN	The wraith suddenly released a growling yell and squeezed his head again as he doubled over with pain .
tr	NN	" The scientific term is explode . "
tr	NN	Way to have my back there , buddy .
tr	NNS	The gears ground , again , and the truck bucked despite my efforts to finesse the clutch .
tr	NNS	The colors of the suite were muted neutrals , but the designer had included a splash of color with deep burgundy draperies .
tr	NNS	Of course , there were potential side effects to whatever phenomenon had caused everyone to lose consciousness .
tr	NN	Your dad tells you all the stuff you need to remember , " Link huffed .
tr	NNS	Country music fans love their Jesus .
tr	NNS	Then the infrared cameras had shown another person moving nearby .
tr	NN	Just Rex 's wounded seer 's pride that he didn 't control everything in the secret hour .
tr	NN	a rough baritone calls from across the room .
tr	NN	" Your inability to take care of these third-rate bandits , who have now become so bold that they attack at will .
tr	NNS	The drums in the distance fed the rhythm .
tr	NNS	Things used to feel so easy with her , but the longer we go , the harder it gets .
tr	NN	The jukebox was playing a lazy county song , and the floor was empty .
tr	NNS	Probably bicycle gangs chanting " Free Frosty " and little terrorists planting signs on their front lawn .
tr	NN	" The Doctor is on another line , " the receptionist told her .
tr	NN	" The highway bends towards the east at that point .
tr	NN	" My best friend Ruben was a year younger than me , and he was from a poorer family , Quechua .
tr	NNS	Words failed her , and she nodded her head , agreeing with him .
tr	NNS	With a snap of the reins , carts speeded up .
tr	NN	" No kidding , it was the size of a dinner plate ! "
tr	NNS	Behind her , in the first row of gallery seating , several junior associates and paralegals took their places .
tr	NNS	Funny how the preparations didn 't hurt anymore .
tr	NN	" And there 's the killer instinct .
tr	NNS	Noah 's clients have started sending over food and flowers .
tr	NN	My reflection in the window shone faintly above the rushing fences , houses and trees of the shabby suburban dream .
tr	NN	" The shelf on the endcap with the new book is almost empty .
tr	NN	A little reluctantly I let him drag out of me what I had overheard Price say in the back of the car about the Directory .
tr	NNS	The wyvern 's red scales glimmered in the daylight ; a menacing howl echoed out as the beast swooped downward .
tr	NNS	Small drops of blood beaded up from the tiny holes .
tr	NN	Part of that had been genuine , for his own worries had convinced him that she couldn 't be trusted .
tr	NN	There was an itch in the middle of his back .
tr	NN	The captain had always been an ambitious , political animal .
tr	NN	The Smoke emanating from the 747 became thicker and darker shooting out in a huge plume .
tr	NN	" Ok , I 'll let Lumina know you don 't want the job . "
tr	NN	The author of the New Earth Series would encourage readers to look at this informative site .
tr	NNS	The tightness in his eyes showed concern , but he nodded .
tr	NN	The touchscreen tablet twinkled on .
tr	NN	The quiet roar returned to mission control .
tr	NN	" Ask him where he is , " Chance said quietly .
tr	NNS	Marius walked next to her , frowning in deep thought .
tr	NNS	Through the boggy valley the insects were irritating .
tr	NNS	Things like that . "
tr	NNS	Screams of terror echoed all along the walls , drowning out the sound of me yelling for Janelle and Tasha .
tr	NN	To Anna , the tie seemed out of place .
tr	NNS	Down the street , beyond the park , a silver Mercedes gleams in the afternoon sun .
tr	NN	God , is there anything sexier than a man showing that sweet spot on his pelvis ?
tr	NN	" I mean , surfing isn 't for everyone .
tr	NNS	Looks like they got knocked out or something , then they were attacked .
tr	NN	One theory is that they used a private company to track you down .
tr	NN	the captain screamed again .
tr	NN	Then the same weakness had twisted Trace .
tr	NNS	The first few drops of a spring shower landed with a thud on the stone slab that covered the coffin .
tr	NNS	His paced ministrations left him trapped in a whirlpool of raw desire .
tr	NNS	" Things are different for you , Alexandria . "
tr	NN	The term brought a long list of related subjects .
tr	NNS	Her fingernails scraped over his sac , making him suck in a hard breath .
tr	NNS	Their differences complemented each other , but their similarities were what brought them together .
tr	NN	Reality came tumbling back , and Ali pulled away .
tr	NN	" Well , the Ambassador here desires to meet with the First Lord as quickly as possible . "
tr	NNS	Barnabas shouted with glee , " This sword is still wet with the barbarian 's blood !
tr	NNS	And when he 's smitten there is a very important meetings he must be late for . "
tr	NNS	Almost all creatures were , give or take a few organs .
tr	NN	When he crossed the threshold into the forest , his forward momentum immediately stopped .
tr	NNS	Pitches new drugs or something like that . "
tr	NNS	His screens were telling him that they had cleared their safe harbour and were rushing onwards to meet their fate .
tr	NN	Appearing suddenly , like an apparition , a second , smaller leopard limped forth .
tr	NNS	Girls at our school don 't have these !
tr	NNS	Were the ghosts of this place coming for her ?
tr	NNS	Things seemed to be going back to where they had been .
tr	NNS	Wings flapped in her abdomen as her gaze searched the dark lobby behind him .
tr	NN	The mayor brought it to my house after the explosion .
tr	NNS	And by evening the low hills on her left had risen into sizable black cliffs , so that she knew she was close to the mining country .
tr	NN	" Alaric , ' t is her ! "
tr	NNS	Just enough magic defenses to make my teeth hurt .
tr	NN	Caden 's soft chuckle warmed my heart but it faded too fast .
tr	NNS	Lots to talk about .
tr	NN	My favourite track ? "
tr	NN	Love glistened in her eyes for the animal that she 'd helped to calf just three months ago .
tr	NN	There was a rustle as Groat turned the pages of a huge book on the lectern in front of him .
tr	NNS	Several bulbs connected by a series of cords glowed brightly , chasing away the shadows .
tr	NN	His daddy loves him .
tr	NN	" The Book of Moons is a powerful supernatural object .
tr	NN	" So maybe the snake wasn 't the first ? "
tr	NNS	" Things are different .
tr	NNS	All the tigers will have a tracking device to let us know which one they are and where they are .
tr	NN	A tin of white paint falls off and splatters my clothes .
tr	NN	The reckless gleam hadn 't disappeared from her eyes .
tr	NNS	Topside leaders might be more honest about their lack of knowledge .
tr	NNS	Questions swirled amid mysteries and the unknown .
tr	NNS	-- -- -- -- The Ambulance rolled in with lights flashing , sirens wailing , and screeching tires .
tr	NNS	Except in the officers ' and captain 's quarters in the after house , which he 'd ordered were not to be searched by anyone but himself .
tr	NNS	Then her worries shifted to Brenna .
tr	NN	The next bullet whizzed past her ear .
tr	NNS	Chess had hoisted her up .
tr	NN	The frayed rope tied around her wrists had gauged out chunks of skin , and a bone penetrated the skin where her ankle should be .
tr	NNS	The stranger 's movements were quick and decisive .
tr	NN	This gas production equipment , though in smaller forms will be with us , ready to go into production sometime in the future . "
tr	NN	Her own shawl was coming along , though not at any great speed .
tr	NN	From the depths of the black robes erupted a cascade of shrapnel .
tr	NN	A blush started at the base of Missy 's neck and crept upward .
tr	NNS	The long , spidery fingers froze , then ascended from the surface of the brain toward the screen , then backed out of view .
tr	NN	The reflection of Undine hair against the wall starts small in a corner , growing as the voice gets louder .
tr	NN	My intense concentration had its own effect .
tr	NNS	Four ( five ) companions happen upon town one dark and stormy night .
tr	NN	The computer tablet had fallen between his hip and the side of the chair .
tr	NN	At the exit , my tablet automatically activated the gate .
tr	NN	Your venom will heal his injuries and the liquid from the laboratory will prevent his change . "
tr	NNS	But then again , maybe my intuition skills were not that good .
tr	NN	The van looked as if it was doing a little dance on its own and at the same time , making strange little noises .
tr	NNS	" Things can get cold , dead , and weird pretty freakin ' fast .
tr	NNS	Others kind of have a steroid effect . "
tr	NN	His brief annoyance disappeared as he felt her tiny tremble beneath the soft caress .
tr	NNS	" Things are strange now between us , aren 't they ? "
tr	NN	Caesar 's adopted heir Octavian , later known as Augustus , rose to sole power , and the era of the Roman Empire began .
tr	NNS	Orson 's footsteps approached the doorway .
tr	NNS	The teachers are nice , well as nice as one can expect them to be , but sometimes studying is just an effort .
tr	NN	The look Pandora gave her was so cold he swore the temperature went down .
tr	NNS	Turkey juices puddle around my blushes and drip onto the floor .
tr	NNS	The fountain mechanisms creaked and grumbled .
tr	NN	The transport of furnishings and building materials required a great deal of labor .
tr	NNS	Not even the nuns can take the children . "
tr	NNS	Two figures holding hands exited out from beneath the low-hanging branches .
tr	NN	Her body language was closed and frightened and she appeared to be living entirely in her own thoughts , unaware of her surroundings .
tr	NN	The roar of the engines increased and the cool night air rushed in .
tr	NNS	" So why don 't the aliens wait until there 's only plants left ? "
tr	NNS	" And Corp patrols kept the tier worlds safe .
tr	NNS	His deep shudders rippled through me as he cried long and hard .
tr	NNS	The planes and angles of his face are strong and form a very pleasant looking whole that I find I enjoy looking at .
tr	NNS	Ice caps at the poles were melting at an alarming rate , even as gaping holes in the ozone layer became larger and more apparent .
tr	NNS	The deaths around us easily masked our nightly feeding , but drastically reduced the numbers of healthy mortals on whom to feed .
tr	NNS	Chartres led his band of ancient warriors , in their translucent Egyptian linen .
tr	NN	According to Gran and my mother , conspiring together , the early afternoon nap was crucial to the proper growth of a child .
tr	NNS	The two ladies seem to neither acknowledge our presence or my nurses ' comment .
tr	NNS	The visits had been brief , a quick flying in for a couple days and back .
tr	NNS	Dragons may be like that .
tr	NN	The beeps of the heart-rate monitor became further and further apart .
tr	NN	Is there any explanation for this you know of ?
tr	NN	His reasoning made Grace laugh .
tr	NNS	The drugs are helping with that .
tr	NNS	Girls like you can 't be happy , no matter their circumstances . "
tr	NNS	His instincts told him these Cranks were just like everybody else -- sent here to live out their last horrible years succumbing to the Flare .
tr	NN	Her solemn gaze met mine over the gym bag .
tr	NN	Scientific consensus is where science and politics merge ( I know ; it makes me nervous too ) .
tr	NN	" Lady Merrick 's first Season was rather uneventful .
tr	NN	Smoke and noise of guns and screams were thick .
tr	NN	My pulse begins to throb in my ears .
tr	NNS	Marius stood just inches away at the end of the ramp .
tr	NN	Behind that pinch came guilt at stil not being able to trust him .
tr	NN	" You should have something to eat , my lord , " she said when she saw him sway .
tr	NNS	" Anyway , most ghosts aren 't as crazy as that one . "
tr	NN	His passion , his desire , was real .
tr	NN	Part of that question is a given , already .
tr	NN	" No offense , I am so glad this isn 't in your lifetime . "
tr	NN	Once I 'd shaken it off , the spider scuttled under my bed .
tr	NN	The ferry cast off moments after they stepped onto the deck .
tr	NN	Somewhere in the rainforest , a parrot screeched .
tr	NN	But all she felt was a thrill of anticipation .
tr	NNS	By Sunday evening , the media that had been attempting to get information from Gwen had left the neighborhood .
tr	NNS	Seven letters between me and the one thing I wanted most in my life .
tr	NN	This world government leader became addicted to the superficial desires of mankind .
tr	NN	The clientele kept it that way .
tr	NN	But an ant would be aware of the thickness of the rope and be able to walk around the rope -- a tiny curled up space dimension .
tr	NNS	When the whites ruled , the roads were good , but the pay little .
tr	NNS	My sergeants had almost refused to give the order , but I had bullied them down .
tr	NN	The mausoleum is my ancestor 's , Lord Duncan - story is he drowned himself in the lake . '
tr	NNS	Very few supernaturals have this gift .
tr	NNS	Her pupils dilated and contracted with every change of light .
tr	NNS	" Your planes are dangerous . "
tr	NNS	Usually visitors are not so foolish . "
tr	NN	And the E was one of its most prominent decorations . "
tr	NNS	The seas were in transition .
tr	NN	' Okay , ' Johnny said feeling confused , ' why poker ? '
tr	NNS	The footsteps stopped outside the bathroom .
tr	NNS	The winds have come to ask me questions and I cannot answer them . "
tr	NN	The scratch looked like a scar on a lover 's face .
tr	NN	The siren disappeared under the surface .
tr	NN	My Most True Assassin , Enclosed are seven books from my personal library that I have recently read and enjoyed immensely .
tr	NN	Its beak stood upended at its side , lashed jaws pointing skyward , and looked remarkably like a bird corpse half buried in the desert .
tr	NNS	Sirens broke the charged atmosphere , the sound growing increasingly louder .
tr	NNS	" My apologies , " came the contrite reply .
tr	NNS	" Things always are when you 're a kid . "
tr	NN	Over the front of the office doors a plaque read : " Comm .
tr	NNS	Probably variations of the same questions they 'd asked him .
tr	NN	A pendant in the shape of a golden dragon was lying on the floor .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids snapped open and she sat up quickly .
tr	NNS	Green scales covered its naked body .
tr	NNS	The chips were down , and he was being found short .
tr	NN	The digital recorder in hand , Gansey settled himself against the rear tire to wait , letting the car shield him from the buffeting of passing vehicles .
tr	NN	The spider of this particular web stood before a bank of monitors and waved Painter over .
tr	NN	There was even a large sum of money in the local bank as a set up fund .
tr	NN	Just as Cassandra was sure it would devour them , the dragon vanished instantly .
tr	NNS	Things are already looking promising . "
tr	NN	And how long could the priest be a missing person before his life was irrevocably changed ?
tr	NNS	Words , like flickering black lightning , came out of that mist , threatening to sear his soul .
tr	NN	That prejudice still exists .
tr	NN	A leisurely stroll along the beach sounded like a nice prelude to Were sex .
tr	NN	And while he is listening to him , he realizes that maybe , maybe , some sentient species don 't handle captivity well .
tr	NNS	My sources tell me I am to listen to what you propose and decide the merits . "
tr	NNS	Suddenly the horns rang out louder and beyond mistake from above , over the top of the slope .
tr	NN	As you might have guessed , my goal my whole life ... more or less ... has been to join the Legion as an official member .
tr	NNS	Alpha werewolves lived a long time .
tr	NNS	The ancestors didn 't hear them come in .
tr	NN	Only propriety held him back .
tr	NN	The upcoming assault would not take the defenders by surprise .
tr	NNS	Greater time intervals began to pass between entries .
tr	NNS	So far , the stray zombies we saw were moving opposite us and we stayed behind buildings until they passed .
tr	NNS	Names kept alive only through the oral traditions of druids like Gildas .
tr	NN	The clang of metal rang out over the courtyard and in a matter of moments an excited murmur rose .
tr	NNS	Due to the coming storms , the night winds were against his wings .
tr	NNS	There were many explorers in those days , and many deaths .
tr	NN	The giant snake bores its hypnotic eyes into his .
tr	NN	And your bonus , as well , " she added when she saw the other woman open her mouth to remind her .
tr	NNS	In contrast , the posters here were a mixture of baseball players and pieces of abstract art .
tr	NNS	Hephaestus shook his head .
tr	NN	Small flames leapt from the silver muffler pointed toward the emerging stars .
tr	NNS	If not , then those functions can do without me and my silent as a statue act . "
tr	NNS	- Ah , Mia , lies don 't travel far .
tr	NNS	As he flew away into eternal bliss , human concepts became foreign to him .
tr	NNS	Things were really dead if Arlene was off her feet .
tr	NN	An airport 's the worst place to cause trouble , even for our kind .
tr	NN	The challenge wasn 't in reading it , but in making sense of what she saw with her own two eyes .
tr	NN	Her embroidery fell to the floor .
tr	NN	Our valet assisted each of us into the vehicle , where we promptly collapsed onto the seats , worn out .
tr	NN	It squawked in reply , then made another human sounding whistle .
tr	NNS	Guardians were fierce fighters and had strong pulls of energy , but they were more easily bested than an Imperial .
tr	NNS	Myles hadn 't mentioned it when he stopped by earlier .
tr	NNS	Lots of women felt safer with a guy in residence .
tr	NNS	Others mocked him with sacrifices , of all things , human hearts .
tr	NN	A train 's whistle sounded in the background .
tr	NNS	There again on the smooth wall were the same scenes of the rain falling , of the red-haired twins in their joyful dance .
tr	NNS	Delores sat at her old wooden teacher 's desk , coffee mug raised halfway to her lips , and phone pressed against an ear .
tr	NN	" But milk is a must for you and the baby . "
tr	NNS	The ladies surrendered their wraps to a footman , and the articles of clothing were whisked away .
tr	NN	However , ' t is you who have most need of me at the moment . "
tr	NN	She turned , her angelic face crestfallen , the brightness in her eyes fading .
tr	NNS	These council members have been around a long time , Skyler .
tr	NN	His struggles caused him a slicing pain in his wrists and ankles , but for an uncontrolled moment he thrashed like a madman .
tr	NNS	Connecting highways loom and merge .
tr	NNS	At the same time , ugly , scary growls came from both of the dogs .
tr	NNS	The morning classes came and went , but I was oblivious to what was being taught .
tr	NNS	Starbucks asks , frowning .
tr	NNS	There were several texts from Eirik and one from Cora asking if I needed a ride .
tr	NN	Even dwelling on it this little bit set his own frequency to vibrating strongly .
tr	NNS	Little elves were dancing all around , and trying to catch them .
tr	NN	The spider seemed to shudder all over and then it began to lurch backward , hairy legs scratching at the pavement .
tr	NN	His body language revealed what he was unwilling to admit .
tr	NNS	However , as Elizabeth had stated , these other versions of her are messengers .
tr	NNS	There were realities within realities .
tr	NN	Some townsfolk were looking out of windows and doorways in several places .
tr	NN	The notion that he loved anyone , especially a human , was absurd .
tr	NN	Her h * ps came off the bed , seeking that wet touch again , but he evaded her .
tr	NNS	Two white dents appeared on either side of her nostrils .
tr	NN	As far as we know , there was no kidnapping .
tr	NNS	Perhaps the accommodations would be superior , but we would still be trapped , our futures dependent on the whim of a rake 's temporary infatuation . "
tr	NN	I shuffled over to her , the nightgown comforting but still aggravating my back .
tr	NN	A twig snapped in the distance .
tr	NNS	The two detectives climbed the stairs to the second floor , where the duty Constable saluted smartly and let them into the flat .
tr	NN	If necessary , our government will report directly to your people , expose the situation for exactly what it is .
tr	NN	Why the info ban ? "
tr	NN	Morning had come and everyone was untied .
tr	NNS	His hackles rose when vines began to grow over the witch , enclosing her .
tr	NN	The sheen of sweat I 'd developed from running down seven flights of stairs started to dry in the cool air , and I shivered .
tr	NN	That zombie lord , as we 'll call him for our purposes , has the power to reanimate corpses to create other zombies .
tr	NNS	His French had a heavy German accent but was articulated well .
tr	NN	How had my spacey art teacher heard that already ?
tr	NN	... " The can design is different , and I 'm afraid it 's warm , but it 's Diet Coke , all right . "
tr	NNS	The roads all zigzagged and led to different directions like a maze all over the city .
tr	NN	" The entire concept of true love is stupid . "
tr	NN	Each ghoul turned to the other and began arguing .
tr	NNS	There 's a soft mattress calling me . "
tr	NN	Just watching her brought him a measure of peace and a flood of warmth .
tr	NN	' My motto , ' she said , ' is always " carry on regardless " .
tr	NN	But my master is an honorable man and he gave you into my care . "
tr	NN	After all , was the pen not mightier than the sword ?
tr	NNS	The runes glided down his skin , toward the tips of his fingers .
tr	NNS	Bargaining chips were important to survival .
tr	NN	Then the lanky rider strode across the yard toward the house .
tr	NNS	The possibilities are endless .
tr	NNS	Your deaths would have paid for Auron 's crime but it is not enough .
tr	NNS	The lasting effects of Martha 's put-downs subsided as Glen scoured the toilet bowl and , on his hands and knees , scrubbed the bathroom tiles .
tr	NN	The adrenaline was slowly wearing off .
tr	NN	Military aid in any form to a foreign government or entity will be illegal .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared and he shook his head , cursing beneath his breath .
tr	NN	One day a particular elder commented on how the boy 's skin was no longer skin but had turned to grime .
tr	NN	A frustrated growl escaped him as he shoved a hand through his short hair .
tr	NNS	There were indistinct figures in the darkness around her , shadowy figures that appeared to reach out for her as she ran .
tr	NNS	Silent sobs took her .
tr	NN	With that , another contraction started .
tr	NN	A torrent of frigid water poured into her mouth , rushing down her throat .
tr	NN	My grandma would kill me if she found out . "
tr	NN	There 's an unexplained illness that has suddenly stricken many native people in this region .
tr	NNS	There are cameras in my room .
tr	NNS	The directors at Gallagher were launching a similar sounding effort with a couple other universities , trying to foster shared research and findings .
tr	NN	The author walked away and went to bed with his wife , his adventures in nanowrimo completed and normal writing back to what it should be .
tr	NN	Lilith 's scythe slashed at my head as I lifted my demos to block it .
tr	NN	JJ said as he held up the watch .
tr	NN	A gardener came running over just as she was getting out of the car .
tr	NNS	Waves of sensation washed over me as my orgasm rose to meet me for the second time .
tr	NN	Like Jazz didn 't know .
tr	NN	Part of her agreed with that .
tr	NN	There isn 't a bouquet of flowers big enough for Margie right now .
tr	NNS	Rufus finished the water in his skin , his eyes on the horizon from which he had recently appeared .
tr	NN	" The hunger , " Gabe nods .
tr	NNS	Apart from the colour of the liquid that filled them and the way they smelt , these baths didn 't appear grand or mysterious .
tr	NNS	' The gears are erratic and hard to handle .
tr	NNS	Inside he saw rows and stacks of equipment and machinery .
tr	NN	The duke nodded at Patrick , who remained in the coach clutching his hat .
tr	NNS	In fact , all mothers loved him .
tr	NN	Part of why she was doing this was to prove something to them , too .
tr	NNS	Aris asked , reaching around to feel the skin of his neck and shoulders , pulling his shirt collar down .
tr	NN	Jazz resisted the urge to turn as the woman 's smile shut down and left her face blank and watchful .
tr	NN	Her daddy was somewhere up in the hills , gathering the cows .
tr	NNS	The two goons were tenacious .
tr	NN	The government was testing it for use in foreign wars but decided against it .
tr	NN	Author 's Note Howdy from Texas .
tr	NNS	And their servants probably won 't call them Prince and highness .
tr	NNS	There are 3,200 KFC stores there , with a new store being added every eighteen hours .
tr	NN	Alana 's spine stiffened .
tr	NNS	Several Thai characters showed up on the screen of the clear pink device .
tr	NN	Where was the praise , the adulation ?
tr	NN	The stench of embalming fluid and preservatives hung in the air .
tr	NN	The concentration required to be in two places at once was always draining .
tr	NN	There was a light tap at the door , and Furnace entered with a tray .
tr	NNS	In the courtyard below , the scholars did the same .
tr	NN	There was a challenge in his face , like he was just asking me to deny what we both knew was true .
tr	NNS	" O great Divine Being , please guide our souls so that we may ascend to heaven .
tr	NNS	Rats that think they are not rats .
tr	NN	Thankful y , though , those currently trying to sneak in didn 't have large numbers on their side .
tr	NN	" My lord , do not concern yourself , " the wizard said .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared with rapid breaths as he released my jaw and hauled his fist back .
tr	NN	Sometimes through her three " friends " , her grandma was able to communicate with other people 's loved ones , but never her own .
tr	NNS	Tiny raindrops struck the windshield .
tr	NN	His adversary squared his shoulders and gave a curt laugh .
tr	NN	" I 've sent you away with enough gold that you won 't have to return , " said the Master .
tr	NN	The hotel directory claimed it was almost ten miles .
tr	NN	" There 's a certain logical progression to all things in life , Señor , even figuring out who fit the profile of a murderer best .
tr	NN	Her loyalty was to her colleagues , the Manor , and to herself , but never to one single person in particular .
tr	NNS	The coins shot into the mists , flying toward the stone walls to either side .
tr	NN	His bewilderment echoed in her ears .
tr	NNS	Others were having trouble getting the money that was supposedly available .
tr	NNS	My car instincts told me the Subaru would do what I needed .
tr	NN	Gabe 's very posture and demeanor set him apart from any other man I 'd met .
tr	NN	A slight tremor went through her when he didn 't budge .
tr	NNS	One species can , all by itself , produce infinite varieties of experiences .
tr	NN	Like magic , her robe and nightgown vanished .
tr	NNS	What if ... pigs could fly !
tr	NN	The audience who had been watching me started filtering out .
tr	NN	He put his heels into Thunder 's flanks and walked the horse slowly forward , his lance upright .
tr	NN	Her pulse , beneath the pad of his thumb , raced wildly .
tr	NNS	The other teachers probably thought he was taking advantage of her .
tr	NN	" The healer , " she echoed .
tr	NNS	" Many , many hotels you stay instead .
tr	NN	The French Cafe , of course , and Susannah 's Garden .
tr	NNS	Hands snatched the lead block .
tr	NN	The organization that Misha and I are a part of is working in many ways to help people find the path , the path you know well .
tr	NN	The powerful hooked beak , the small white and brown feathers of her face , and finally those all-seeing eyes .
tr	NNS	" Animals , " Savitar said .
tr	NN	Every protective instinct in him roared to life like an enraged lion .
tr	NNS	Things may be about to get a little fist fruity , but don 't worry .
tr	NNS	After several seconds the computer said , " There are thirty-seven new items on the topics you requested , sir . "
tr	NNS	Words have left her .
tr	NN	The solicitor flipped through the pages again .
tr	NNS	The zombies will hunt for him .
tr	NN	The stench filled his nostrils and now the taste of the animal was in his mouth , rank and fetid .
tr	NN	Its tip emerged from Max 's belly .
tr	NNS	Then those Chinese factories ship their products into the United States .
tr	NN	Justus leapt forwards and took her hand as she fell over the edge of the fissure .
tr	NNS	His sobs paused , and he cracked open his eyes as if he were staring directly at me .
tr	NN	My motto , after the past couple of years , was to be prepared .
tr	NNS	Looks like someone had already pushed all the cars out of the way .
tr	NNS	All the creatures were looking at him and there was no noise anywhere .
tr	NNS	And then bits and pieces of real thoughts began to fly out at me .
tr	NNS	Then a light flares and his face is next to mine .
tr	NN	The stench of lying does . "
tr	NNS	Any competitors in the Hie worth their salt would be taking advantage of modern modes of transportation .
tr	NNS	The old lady 's taillights glowed through the rain , but she was already half a mile down the road and racing away faster by the second .
tr	NNS	Several more shots hit the window of a parked car as she passed .
tr	NN	The roar pierced his body like the pins of needles .
tr	NN	The air-conditioning blasts to a higher level , nearly drowning out the beige woman 's monotonous voice .
tr	NN	The leopard glanced back over its shoulder and blinked at him with a very human-like twitch of surprise .
tr	NN	Suddenly the shimmering lavender intensified into a deep and bright purple , painting everything in the small room with its concentrated color .
tr	NNS	Hands grabbed him under his arms , hauled him onto his feet , but didn 't let go .
tr	NN	The snake connected to a large terminal , which in turn connected to his personal computer on his desk .
tr	NN	The .22 slug went in and out of his love handle .
tr	NN	" The data chip was in the phone .
tr	NN	There was not a click .
tr	NN	" Please keep your insights relevant as much as that is possible , master scribe . "
tr	NN	His teeth were very white , the same pearly pale as the moon .
tr	NN	' Just practicing , mother , ' I replied innocently .
tr	NN	Only his tie is loose and there 's blood on his sleeve .
tr	NNS	Others might not have been so harsh in their thoughts about him ; Moses knew that many people liked him .
tr	NNS	There were no visible signs on Brandon that he was a werewolf .
tr	NN	The wording on the bottle was in French , and smelled wonderful , like they shoved the whole rose garden into a tiny bottle .
tr	NNS	All the defenses she 'd built against him fell away , leaving her way too vulnerable to a man she already had trouble resisting .
tr	NNS	There were directions to the class-action administrator , and dozens of signature blanks to be filled in .
tr	NNS	The raindrops dazzled her eyes , glittering like diamonds as they fell from the clouds .
tr	NNS	Flowers , cake , candles , presents the whole bit . "
tr	NNS	The mattress shifted as he sat down beside her and firmly parted her thighs .
tr	NNS	Reports say there were shots fired , witnesses are saying anywhere from five to a dozen .
tr	NNS	There were swan prints over the bed , swan carvings in the furniture , and a large porcelain swan on the fireplace mantel .
tr	NN	Somewhere a hawk screamed .
tr	NN	The government trained us to kill .
tr	NNS	The legends that had sent Buck to this island .
tr	NNS	From its shoulder blades protruded the splintered remnants of wing joints .
tr	NN	The helicopter pilot turned on his searchlight and the beam sprayed over the small flag and the simple pile of logs .
tr	NN	The bard nearly stumbled over his words as he spoke .
tr	NNS	The two wolves circle each other .
tr	NNS	The images came spiraling back and played before him as if they were a high-definition movie .
tr	NN	The pilot activated a touch-screen on his console , opening a channel selector and tapped the line labeled Galileo Shipyard -- Thruster Team .
tr	NN	When does the tournament start ? "
tr	NN	" You ' l see . "
tr	NNS	His trousers were askew .
tr	NN	My explanation seemed to satisfy her , although Talia still gave me a dirty look for making her stalk all the way out here after me .
tr	NN	The chandelier hovering above has a soft glow to it so it 's not completely dark in the foyer .
tr	NNS	The doctor 's smugness faded .
tr	NNS	For those couple of seconds , all her worries vanished , and there was nothing except the freedom of flying through the air .
tr	NNS	" Well , my instincts were definitely working today .
tr	NN	The tribe gathered here from time to time , as witness to the Rite of Kings , the choosing of a new leader .
tr	NN	Half the slice disappeared .
tr	NN	This ugly and cruel bastard wanted to kill her .
tr	NN	The whale lies still upon the ocean , allowing soil to wash upon its back .
tr	NNS	" The origins can heal .
tr	NN	The referee ordered Lea to the neutral corner , which Lea did , and started to count on the opponent .
tr	NNS	The opening credits of " An American Werewolf in London " hit the screen .
tr	NN	One announcement did catch her attention , though .
tr	NNS	The market stalls lined both sides of the road .
tr	NN	The corporal handed me a pass that I pinned to my jacket , then I rode the elevator to the second floor .
tr	NN	The duke escorted me to a pleasant room where filmy curtains billowed in the breeze coming in through the open windows .
tr	NN	The maid stepped back and looked me over , then glanced at Sally .
tr	NNS	Hidden teachings of God Sun were in everything .
tr	NN	There was a thud as it hit the blanket , and then silence .
tr	NNS	Lots of ideas from cases I 've been on .
tr	NNS	The winds blew against him , but he could not be moved by them .
tr	NN	While the harried doctor rolled her to her side to evaluate another wound in her shoulder , the priest leaned down to Sara .
tr	NN	A small trickle of blood oozed onto her neck .
tr	NNS	My instincts tell me he wouldn 't book a ticket straight to his ultimate destination .
tr	NN	Maybe the uncertainty was hammering me , but I was exhausted , and the idea of Henri in real danger gnawed at me .
tr	NNS	" The preliminary tests were so promising , but I have come to tell you tonight that the project is a complete failure .
tr	NN	The teacher had really bad breath and liked to be too close to my face .
tr	NNS	The ancient ruins still exist to this day .
tr	NN	Then progress would come to a dead halt .
tr	NNS	The more I reached into the pillowcase , the more loose thousands came out .
tr	NNS	Tiny tongues of flame cackled and curled around the new wood , there was a slight hiss and larger flames burst into the night air .
tr	NN	The scanning was complete a few minutes later .
tr	NNS	Looks like you 're heading home tomorrow .
tr	NNS	' There are mightier talons in Tel Arie than even his .
tr	NNS	Back then , there were areas in Franco 's Spain where such behavior could lead to people simply disappearing . "
tr	NN	The roar of Torin 's Harley filled the air after a while , and my heart leaped .
tr	NNS	" The locks are part of the central system . "
tr	NN	The camp leader studied Kylie 's face and probably read every one of her emotions .
tr	NNS	" These aliens took me when I was twenty nine .
tr	NN	With a beat of its enormous wings , the dragon leapt up into the sky and flew away .
tr	NN	And yet , the exchange left her feeling odd .
tr	NNS	The green velvet seats and the powerful heaters made for a very comfortable journey .
tr	NNS	The colors in the room deepened .
tr	NN	" He has my stubbornness , that much is certain , " Aedan 's Irish accent showed at times .
tr	NNS	Images of the girl who had died tormented him long after he awoke .
tr	NNS	Some warriors looked upward with fear in their eyes .
tr	NN	A standard desktop appeared .
tr	NN	His scowl , she reckoned , was a lot better than her glare .
tr	NNS	There was more snow on the mountain than down at the academy , several inches in some of the higher drifts .
tr	NN	Keeping to the tallest weeds and shadows , his partner had tracked and followed him .
tr	NN	Love for this beautiful , wonderful man filled me , dissolving the enormous guilt built up in my heart .
tr	NN	As she neared the end of her breakfast there was a sudden chorus of deep , brash laughter from out in the courtyard .
tr	NNS	But white flakes were drifting past the windows of the truck , building up on the windshield .
tr	NN	The knight pushed back visions of his own children and looked to the church , still blazing bright against the smoke filled sky .
tr	NNS	As soon as the president said it , the items in the room dropped .
tr	NN	There was an absence of interests , hobbies , phobias , and obsessions in the profile .
tr	NNS	The pupils of the cat 's eyes were silver and reflective , like mirrors .
tr	NNS	Looks just like her . "
tr	NN	The sleeper quietly nodded his head , but the raven let the glasses fall on his nose .
tr	NNS	" Things can still change for you , for the better .
tr	NNS	Class schedules and office hours meant nothing today .
tr	NN	" Morning is on its way . "
tr	NN	The lamp came tumbling over the side and I caught it before it hit the ground and made a loud noise .
tr	NNS	All the changes that had occurred since I 'd moved to Ashland have transformed my life completely .
tr	NNS	Images of murderous men flooded my memory and I shook my head to bring myself back to the present .
tr	NN	The former inspector smiled ruefully .
tr	NN	Past the gap , a narrow channel snaked ahead , lined by willows and choked by floating patches of weed .
tr	NNS	Both shining blades dipped and circled through attack after attack , and Michael drove Nicodemus back step by step .
tr	NN	What 's Patterson 's status ? "
tr	NNS	Things are different now . "
tr	NNS	There were ten pairs in all .
tr	NNS	The rows of illustrations ranging up and down the wall were long and gloomy .
tr	NN	The leather padding slid around his head , covering his ears , drawing down over his forehead .
tr	NNS	Cool winds whip across the lands , through the valleys of white , up and over the rocks of grey .
tr	NNS	Nancy deposits me in a sofa and leaves to get Phoebe to prepare food .
tr	NNS	Thoughts cascaded in her mind like a falling line of dominoes .
tr	NNS	" The shapeshifters have some old scrolls about dragons .
tr	NNS	Sometimes the risks were good business .
tr	NNS	The other wolves looked up in shock .
tr	NNS	The other members of the team wondered how long it would take for him to realise .
tr	NN	Then the wraith screamed , a pitiful sound , and dissolved into bluish smoke that swirled down toward the library door .
tr	NN	Loose sex ... loose morals ... There is a real lack of ladies in this generation . "
tr	NNS	No bees here , so for now I have installed a pollen duster , but I 'm still working on improving that system .
tr	NNS	What were her instincts telling her ?
tr	NNS	Nerves began dancing in my belly .
tr	NNS	Moses shook his head violently .
tr	NNS	Where are your stores ? '
tr	NN	Work on something artistic -- I know you say that you have no ability but perhaps you just haven 't discovered your talent yet .
tr	NNS	Others get what they need and stay . "
tr	NN	The hood made it scarier .
tr	NNS	The handlers , like mindless drones , leave with their mission .
tr	NN	Her h * ps rocked in a steady rhythm , longing for more of him .
tr	NNS	" Good liars are hard to spot . "
tr	NN	The president 's curt inquiry triggered more silence .
tr	NNS	The green hills all barren .
tr	NNS	Their polished images glistened in the sunlight .
tr	NNS	The couples will be coming tomorrow at noon and they want answers . "
tr	NNS	" My apologies , countess .
tr	NN	The agenda was to tell her the local stories .
tr	NNS	Things were easy at first .
tr	NN	To the best of my knowledge , no unmanned probe to the red planet had picked up neatly parked rows of automobiles outside a tax office .
tr	NN	The van had plowed into the rear of another car , parked along the side , and car alarms were going off .
tr	NNS	Others were shadows that rose up like specters , propping themselves on an elbow , silently watching Hannah pass .
tr	NN	Nausea can unseat you , can defeat the strongest man .
tr	NN	Smoke and fire burned high all around him , heating his skin .
tr	NNS	Five sleeping rolls and a chest stood against the left wall .
tr	NN	" Something inside you is different , " my reflection said .
tr	NN	" What purpose did that ritual serve ? "
tr	NNS	Samantha 's upsetting sobs reduced to whimpers until finally he felt her relax against his chest in what he thought was a much-needed slumber .
tr	NNS	Folks came from miles and miles to see Sulla the Prophet .
tr	NNS	But all the signs are toward conversion , or conversion prep .
tr	NNS	They were brothers , species differences be damned .
tr	NNS	" My colleagues in the Danish operations section have already contacted the government , and I can assure you that this will have their utmost priority . "
tr	NN	How could the Bureau 's prime function - to slow the processes of government - remain operative on an internal matter such as this call ?
tr	NN	A deputy walked up beside Rich .
tr	NN	Pleasure , lust , craving blasted through him at the faint iron sense on his lips .
tr	NNS	There are thousands of starving pilots .
tr	NNS	" Now , you ladies haven 't been out for a while , so I want you to take a nice easy hack .
tr	NNS	Demetrius watches with his son at his side .
tr	NN	A sharp bark sounded from the house .
tr	NN	The implication was that the fault was with her , not him .
tr	NNS	Sometimes rivals or so-called friends call in tips , and then , of course , there are the anonymous tipsters . "
tr	NN	A dank and dirty smell , but it had started to feel like home .
tr	NN	His turret wound up , which put a smirk on his face .
tr	NNS	These programs often worked beautifully , but they could still go awry , particularly if circumstances changed drastically .
tr	NNS	Their footsteps thud and their badges flash .
tr	NNS	' Your Highness , I am sorry to say that your cousin Duke Julian died two years ago .
tr	NNS	Alexis slowly walked over to Matthew and looked in the tent .
tr	NNS	Even his casual looked too sexy for public .
tr	NN	" Yes , this goat is a female .
tr	NN	There was a shelf next to him in the shape .
tr	NN	Consequently the lack of response from his gambits about the briefcase was the most urgent .
tr	NNS	I looked down at the sink where my soda can lay on its side , the contents foaming down the drain .
tr	NNS	Skulls then looked on , as Duster , Callum and Richard made their escape to the outside .
tr	NN	" The Undead follow her ? "
tr	NN	Real fright isn 't like the movies .
tr	NN	Free wil and The Law are on opposite ends of the universe .
tr	NN	The oracle had insisted .
tr	NNS	His favorite movies were documentaries .
tr	NNS	Simultaneously her suit 's external spots blinked on , twin shafts of white light slicing through the murk .
tr	NN	Where 've y ' been girl ? '
tr	NN	Part of Mal 's rehab was figuring out how she could use magic productively .
tr	NN	A real plant wouldn 't be able to survive in such darkness .
tr	NN	Jazz walked toward them .
tr	NNS	Reyes let these words slide off him .
tr	NN	Yet the thrill faded as quickly as it had surged .
tr	NN	The two crewmen secure themselves opposite us , and Vel takes his place next to me , smoothly fastening his harness .
tr	NN	Once underway the captain , John Benson , joined their table as well .
tr	NNS	Others signed the sheet quickly and went out the door .
tr	NN	The occasional tourist passed by , but we might as well have been there on the beach alone .
tr	NN	His rank may have changed but not his number .
tr	NN	The disgust must run deep in him .
tr	NNS	His jaws opened instinctively .
tr	NNS	There were no signs of the undead or the living .
tr	NNS	the twins sang in unison , and came bounding down the stairs .
tr	NN	" The trick is not to expect anything . "
tr	NNS	Americus patted the Argentinean on the back .
tr	NN	The maid and footman lingering outside made shift to vanish quickly .
tr	NN	" The Book of Moons . "
tr	NNS	There were rags in the coffin .
tr	NNS	Sometimes risks have to be taken to achieve great things .
tr	NN	" Captain , they spread their sails , " pointed out another observer .
tr	NN	The priest remained silent for a moment .
tr	NNS	Alexis started to say .
tr	NNS	The two suns appeared almost conjoined on that second day .
tr	NN	Love for him had rolled over her fast and fierce , but then she wasn 't a woman to shy away from a challenge .
tr	NN	But there was some strange quirk about Keith that became quite bothersome .
tr	NNS	The zombies were moving fast , and there were more than two of them now .
tr	NNS	There were vague images of people singing , and tying up red stockings on the banister leading upstairs .
tr	NNS	Erotic images played in my mind .
tr	NN	The policeman ushered her out of the house .
tr	NNS	The woman 's instincts were good .
tr	NN	Kiran 's languid accent pulled me out of my eavesdropping ; I found myself relaxing a little .
tr	NN	But unlike the other student 's assessments , my teacher stops to look over my answers .
tr	NN	But guilt had set in something fierce .
tr	NN	' In fact , the pub gave its name to the famous music hall song " Down at the Old Bull and Bush " . '
tr	NN	The click came again .
tr	NNS	Steel bars and a thick mesh screen covered the openings to keep animals -- or intruders -- out .
tr	NN	The peephole had been useless for a good forty years .
tr	NN	At the pretty blue house -- now green due to the snaky vines covering it -- chaos suddenly erupted .
tr	NNS	There the footprints vanished .
tr	NN	" My uncle said that a Mrs. Ellen filed a missing person 's report for a Sarah Ellen .
tr	NNS	Strange fumes waft through the house .
tr	NNS	The floors were broad planks of chestnut .
tr	NN	But the lust that surged through her left her with no doubt .
tr	NNS	Stiff spines came from Duncan and even the teenager , Cian .
tr	NN	His long fluffy tail , similar to a snow leopard , trailed behind his body like the train on a wedding dress .
tr	NNS	" Things like this ? "
tr	NNS	In a documentary that I saw recently , two identical twins , separated at birth , reflected on their separated lives .
tr	NN	There was a roar of surprise as the Daemon caught the motion .
tr	NNS	The dwarves indeed no longer needed any urging .
tr	NN	" Why is a counseling session making you smile ? "
tr	NN	Her pulse was galloping .
tr	NN	My birth mother ! "
tr	NN	When they got to the Diego Ranch , the uncle was nowhere to be seen .
tr	NNS	" Sometimes the detectives would sit at the curb out front and wave to us as we went in and out .
tr	NNS	Occasional bursts of color flashed in the weak beam .
tr	NN	" There is one more major suspect .
tr	NN	We ' l find them . "
tr	NNS	His pupils expanded , gobbling up the golden color of his irises .
tr	NNS	The colors seemed different .
tr	NNS	Men are scratching like mad , their eyelids swollen shut .
tr	NNS	The mattress was large and comfortable , even though the room was a bit on the small side .
tr	NN	Along one wall a television silently showed the live broadcast of the TV show they were about to appear on from an adjacent studio .
tr	NNS	From then onwards the two ladies began planning the wedding .
tr	NN	Her momentum slammed her into him .
tr	NN	The accent was more East End than Middle East .
tr	NN	The prickle on the back of my neck was confirming that .
tr	NN	The unmistakable determination in her voice alerts me that she has a plan which will not be good for me .
tr	NN	His first instinct was to grab her hand and leave immediately .
tr	NNS	The jury members witnessed the almost surreal compliance with which Parrish admitted every charge levelled at him .
tr	NN	She 's dissolved , " the priest said as if Rhyme was dense .
tr	NNS	And then the figures attacked .
tr	NNS	The twins didn 't really live all that far away , so they got to listen to our discussions - although they 'd have preferred not to .
tr	NN	The courtyard was silent , of course , and he quietly started to drum out the beat on his drum .
tr	NN	North of Mail Bay , where they saw several sea lions sunning on the rocks , the shoreline became shallow and a long sandy beach greeted them .
tr	NN	" There 's a cheap map , there in the glove compartment .
tr	NNS	Flames spewed from the creature 's mouth with its triumphant roar , swallowing me and bathing me in blistering agony once more .
tr	NNS	" And where are your and Derek 's apartments ? "
tr	NNS	The first two letters were RP .
tr	NN	Faith Ann 's grandmother delivered the rest of the bad news .
tr	NNS	The courts were empty .
tr	NNS	But then her cousins turned and glared at her .
tr	NN	A small teardrop fell from Willow 's eyes at Emerson 's encouragement .
tr	NN	The referee blew his whistle as the ball floated through the air and into the basket .
tr	NN	The brunette seemed unaffected .
tr	NNS	" Well , there 's a very nice girl downstairs who wants you to go have breakfast with all of your friends from the debate team . "
tr	NNS	Even his kisses were deeply penetrating .
tr	NN	There is a staircase in the middle of the room leading to the second floor which consists of three bedrooms and a full bath .
tr	NNS	Light switches were the bane of his existence .
tr	NN	A werewolf 's passion wasn 't an easy thing .
tr	NN	Phillip 's powerful vertical stroke split the front man 's wooden shield in two .
tr	NNS	Dragons didn 't even use guns , so she didn 't understand .
tr	NN	But the castle itself was impressive ... awe inspiring .
tr	NNS	Alexis had grown to love him like one of the family and that 's why she allowed him to live in the palace , which he loved .
tr	NNS	" So scholars say . "
tr	NN	The thief Dwarf mission . "
tr	NN	A prickle of interest and excitement swept over me .
tr	NNS	Those baby blues widened in pure fear and she stumbled back with her arms outstretched as if to ward off an attacker .
tr	NNS	The hounds were more an annoyance than a danger .
tr	NN	" The lemonade made it all worthwhile , though , right ? "
tr	NN	Terror came through her face , perfectly understood by Steven , who couldn 't help but feel like he was doing what he was supposed to do .
tr	NN	The stair creaked beneath her weight .
tr	NN	His manner wasn 't that of an old man , but rather , an exhausted man .
tr	NNS	" The media hasn 't gotten hold of the story yet .
tr	NNS	The sprites are busy causing mischief , pinching , kicking , and tormenting each other .
tr	NNS	Lilith 's eyelids sank lower , and she pierced Victoria with her intent .
tr	NN	Just as her jeans and tees were her fighting armor , the sensual lingerie made her feel feminine and attractive .
tr	NNS	" Your heart was torn , your loyalties tested too deeply for you to have been mine alone .
tr	NN	The electricity had gone out at the same time , and the train had slowed to a stop .
tr	NN	" Hey ... no offense intended .
tr	NN	" Way to go , Doc . "
tr	NNS	Things are blowing up .
tr	NN	Instantly , the slave wrapped her arms around her body .
tr	NNS	The emptiness was painful , reminding her of the days and nights she had solely existed in the darkness , lost and diminished by Damen 's betrayal .
tr	NN	My grandmother was loving but utilitarian ; my grandfather ancient and stoic like marble .
tr	NNS	Reyes rubbed a hand over his jaw , smearing a trail of crimson on his skin .
tr	NN	The stake had fallen from his hand .
tr	NNS	The ghosts fall from her and she follows a path of her creation from her isolation into the world beyond .
tr	NN	There was a workbench and drawers at the rear , in front of a window overlooking the back garden .
tr	NN	" Who 's her partner while I 'm stuck here ? "
tr	NN	The bearded blond was fighting with one broken arm hanging loose at his side .
tr	NN	Yet , a puff of air containing much more energy would simply send the bubble wobbling off in a new direction .
tr	NNS	Lots of people end up hating each other . "
tr	NNS	Things that will devour a nice kid like you for dinner . "
tr	NNS	Five types of coal , seven types of coke and ash , sediments to make you dribble .
tr	NNS	Nerves hit her again .
tr	NN	Indeed , the passenger in his jeep was the man with the prosthetic arm .
tr	NN	Across the intercom , the captain said , " Sir ? " .
tr	NNS	Not only that , but the twins also happened to bear a striking resemblance to - " Hi , I 'm Lori Sullivan . "
tr	NN	In a distant operating theater the surgeon , by hospital protocol , applied the defibrillation paddles to the chest one last time , without much hope .
tr	NNS	Looks like he 's about to collapse , better catch him . "
tr	NN	The zeal of this topic seized hold of me , making his abrupt interruptions that much more annoying .
tr	NNS	Her acting skills were pretty decent .
tr	NNS	The thuds increased , getting louder and more powerful .
tr	NNS	" All couples go through last-minute jitters right before the wedding .
tr	NN	The creep factor was entirely too high .
tr	NN	The maid scoffed , rolled her eyes and quickly walked towards the curtains as they fluttered in the cool breeze .
tr	NNS	" Things got ... bad . "
tr	NN	A simple stroke over his hard , high cheekbone , but his choppy admission flowed like poetry over her heart .
tr	NNS	Melissa 's movements were quick and confident , stepping in front of me .
tr	NNS	Kids at school were slowly doing the same thing .
tr	NNS	Romulus let out a bark of a laugh .
tr	NNS	But the colors were distinctly grouped .
tr	NNS	And , worse , the deaths of his clansmen ?
tr	NNS	Reyes gave the punching bag a mean right .
tr	NN	Also , a tie is a useless garment .
tr	NN	Your loyalty has blinded you . "
tr	NN	The bastard must have thrown her to the ground .
tr	NNS	Things were going to change for Claire .
tr	NN	A bit o ' this , bit o ' that .
tr	NNS	The prints were wider than a human foot 's , claws pricking the mud above the toes .
tr	NNS	Hands tore at her clothes , tangled in her hair .
tr	NN	The round shield he carried had additional riveted steel bands that reticulated the surface into quadrants to enhance the durability .
tr	NNS	More noticeable was the multitude of languages he heard , a veritable babble .
tr	NN	A blue sparkle catches my eye .
tr	NNS	The captives sad in Angband mourn .
tr	NNS	Further referencing Lee 's tribal origins were 4 bongo drums , 2 of which were tall and two of which were mounted .
tr	NN	" It is sad that he should die , " said the leader .
tr	NNS	The colors were wispy , pastel , ethereal .
tr	NN	The audience mumbled something back , and Chet appeared satisfied .
tr	NNS	Records had to be covered up , witnesses bribed .
tr	NNS	The tigers would have to brave a stiff river crossing to pick up their scent .
tr	NN	30 The NASA administrator was feeling less edgy now that the meteorite was successfully out of the ice .
tr	NN	The brunette smiled at him shyly as the blonde pulled her away .
tr	NN	What leader wouldn 't pay such a cheap price ?
tr	NNS	The footsteps were quite heavy .
tr	NN	A low growl escaped him , but at last he nodded shortly .
tr	NNS	There were no more footsteps above , no sound of voices or doors opening and closing .
tr	NN	The trio stepped on to the balcony , a balcony that could fit the entire house upon it if needed .
tr	NN	The first thug remained where he was by the safety of the brazier , the tip of his sword glinting in the firelight as he trembled .
tr	NN	" It 's a trap , " the sheriff reasoned .
tr	NN	His explanation fell on death ears .
tr	NN	" Precisely " Walking down the street , the trio found their noses assailed by the most delicious smells .
tr	NNS	Things were looking bleak .
tr	NN	The home division is that which dealt with government and contracts .
tr	NN	His redheaded tyrant was on her throne , and all was right with the world .
tr	NNS	Though he 's on the short side for my taste , several inches shorter than his girlfriend .
tr	NN	What if the intruder woke up and attacked Rita again .
tr	NNS	Four shots came within an inch of the center .
tr	NNS	The three remaining members of this intimate summit were all of one family .
tr	NNS	If we go later then our potential targets will be less but we won 't have as large of an audience to get in our way . "
tr	NNS	At the same time members of the assault team paired up and began going back through the camp looking for survivors to finish off .
tr	NN	The captain stood leaning onto the command console on the ship with his eyes gazing intently into its surface .
tr	NN	" Yeah , there was some coke as well .
tr	NNS	The facts were that Thomas had fangs and she was pretty sure he 'd bitten her .
tr	NNS	The spines of ruin .
tr	NNS	Not even the cameras monitoring the area could pick up his image .
tr	NN	The battle pit was back as he first saw it , boulders , rocks and dirt .
tr	NN	The illusion lasted until a lone metal man appeared from around a corner .
tr	NNS	Heavy footsteps pounded inside the garage , drawing closer as Holt yelled my name .
tr	NNS	Erebus didn 't comment .
tr	NN	Atop the box was a carving of the king 's coat of arms .
tr	NNS	The visitors thought the meeting was taking place up the slope at the manor .
tr	NN	" The airport , " Michael said .
tr	NN	Every inch of me tingles and I want his hands on me , in me .
tr	NN	The key shone underneath .
tr	NN	Fortunately , the siren that was his clock prevailed ; somehow he found himself in the shower , slowly waking to another day .
tr	NN	The bruise had vanished .
tr	NN	The cable looped down with her , finally wrenching from her hand .
tr	NN	There 's no place for ye here on the Sultana , " the captain explained .
tr	NN	From there a relative got them to the States .
tr	NNS	French underground sources report that hundreds of long range rockets are being assembled in Occupied France .
tr	NN	One day , this sub will go up in fire and flame , and the glory days of the Homestead will begin .
tr	NN	His tight clothing suggested he wasn 't done growing yet .
tr	NNS	Our sessions had included teleconferencing with Dr. Todd , in order to " ease my transition . "
tr	NN	The strapless bra I wore was surprisingly supportive , but it was also a push-up .
tr	NN	A tiny trickle of blood escaped his lips and slid down his chin .
tr	NN	The gross stench of burning flesh filled my nose .
tr	NNS	There were eight chairs placed at even intervals , all facing a podium , which was set between the two points of the crescent .
tr	NNS	World leaders greeted him , hugged him and promised their support .
tr	NN	The U.S. dollar became worthless as people dumped their money onto the streets .
tr	NN	My backup will be here any second . "
tr	NN	His ire and impatience of only a couple of minutes ago now seemed to be in the distant past .
tr	NN	The conviction in her response made him smile .
tr	NNS	The headlines I had been daydreaming about were becoming real .
tr	NN	" Just fucking brilliant . "
tr	NNS	" Bad pigs , " I clarify .
tr	NNS	Fire axes become sledge hammers by the time we get there but eventually we reach our destination and I start to shine the torch around .
tr	NNS	Alexis slowly walked into the corridor and sat at the table that stood against the wall .
tr	NNS	There was a porcelain tub already filled with steaming water , rose petals floating on the surface .
tr	NNS	Black spots started popping up in front of my eyes and I was certain my legs would turn to complete mush long before the inspectors arrived .
tr	NN	So , a simple Boolean exclusion function eliminated them . "
tr	NN	A plastic shield went on over her head .
tr	NN	The operator closed the door and the screen behind it and pulled a lever which caused the elevator to move up slowly .
tr	NNS	Are there some risks ?
tr	NNS	Makes sense to me .
tr	NNS	" There 's steep slopes and sharp rocks on this island .
tr	NN	The clearing consisted of , broken pieces of huge rocks scattered everywhere .
tr	NN	Her pulse beat hard and fast in her throat .
tr	NN	This pattern was so fundamental that many people thought it was the real core of evolution .
tr	NNS	Reyes always held her afterward , something she looked forward to every time she opened her eyes .
tr	NNS	Diggs turned back around .
tr	NN	" How is that childish ? "
tr	NN	A sparkle caught her eye .
tr	NN	" At least you ' l get some sleep . "
tr	NNS	" The twins Seth and I saved grew up to be vampire hunters ? "
tr	NNS	The foreign tongues yelled again .
tr	NN	The second thug followed .
tr	NNS	And , of course , all the blues stuff from which rock sprang .
tr	NN	As she spoke these words the gritty roar of a chainsaw started up directly outside the kitchen windows , rendering all conversation next to impossible .
tr	NN	The sedan passed me and turned the corner .
tr	NN	Where 's your fifty cents ? "
tr	NN	The dawn of the 20th century was a time of peace and prosperity for the country .
tr	NN	" Just like you kil ed my little sister .
tr	NN	An unmistakable sob came from the kitchen , making her in less of a rush to leave .
tr	NNS	Didn 't the local newspapers report crimes ?
tr	NNS	Flight attendants hug every time they see each other .
tr	NNS	Her nostrils were full of the musky smell of Mirabella 's fur .
tr	NNS	Doors swung slightly in the gentle breeze .
tr	NNS	" Things are different than when they were in charge . "
tr	NNS	Things had gone smoothly these last few days , though Perrin had judged the Asha ' man too tired still to make gateways .
tr	NNS	Dark locks of hair fell into those golden eyes .
tr	NN	The million dollar question .
tr	NN	There is a silent auction fundraiser .
tr	NNS	Things that even I can 't deny are signature of shadow dwellers . "
tr	NN	One crutch bounced off the sofa and clattered to the hardwood floor as he leaned over to hug me .
tr	NN	My sweet sister Paige didn 't even get a chance at life .
tr	NNS	' Several changes , in the meantime , took place in the cottage .
tr	NNS	The floors were no longer the shiny light wood they usually were , but a deep and glossy black .
tr	NN	I ' l even roast it for you . "
tr	NN	Stricken , the ram toppled down the cliff .
tr	NN	The click of the outside door announced her departure and echoed through the quiet house .
tr	NNS	Looks like I ended up on the receiving end of that . "
tr	NNS	In Hollywood , screen credits are the criteria by which a writer exists .
tr	NN	Not for a moment did the former inspector believe that these two were using their own names .
tr	NN	My true honesty for my father at least , which although not enough , keeps me with some sense of self .
tr	NN	A rap at the door made him bump the table and knock over his empty juice glass .
tr	NN	" Our government , " she replied simply .
tr	NNS	Mistress was more like it .
tr	NN	Perhaps seven feet up , the bark had been roughly gouged and scored to the inner skin with thick , crude furrows .
tr	NNS	Both directions looked the same .
tr	NN	" My partner will . "
tr	NNS	Marius reached over and grabbed her leather belt to keep her from falling out .
tr	NNS	Most other visitors did .
tr	NN	The proof was in her eyes , her face , so earnest .
tr	NN	" Your fake British accent isn 't much better . "
tr	NN	His friend Howie would probably be in on it .
tr	NNS	he told himself , spitting the words against the dust and the dirt just inches from his face .
tr	NN	My core rocked , spasming , cooing as I gripped him and didn 't let go .
tr	NNS	" But surely the messengers from the Young King left by the main gate ? "
tr	NN	Her wailing had stopped although her voice still trembled .
tr	NNS	Reyes shouted from the rooftop of the fortress .
tr	NN	But in a way , the family picnic in my room this evening seemed the strangest of today 's events .
tr	NN	The anonymity that I had always preserved in Jerusalem was now impossible to maintain .
tr	NNS	... For years planes have left a chem trail footprint in the sky .
tr	NNS	The invaders attacked in the middle of the day through the small passages that gave the main cavern light and air .
tr	NNS	Every now and then , their ages do show .
tr	NNS	Jazz 's eyelids got heavy without warning .
tr	NN	Not even Link could have made this up .
tr	NN	Derek , football means everything to me .
tr	NNS	Most idiots he dealt with could only see one level , but Yoda and Sidious knew far more .
tr	NN	That fiend belongs in the deepest pit in hell . "
tr	NNS	All the tests were negative .
tr	NN	The Jeep was secure .
tr	NNS	The mattress bounced slightly as Ali sat beside her .
tr	NN	The staircase beyond was ominously silent : the sound of gunfire from the floors below was barely audible through the walls .
tr	NN	A close fitting bodice ended in a flared skirt .
tr	NN	A dimple appeared on her cheek , one that only showed up when she was annoyed .
tr	NN	The crimson butterfly fanned her wings outward and otherwise sat very still upon his skin .
tr	NN	A stunned giggle escaped her .
tr	NNS	" Do rats love ? "
tr	NNS	According to Nadia there are thousands of demon worlds like this .
tr	NN	The cathedral looked like an illustration from a storybook , almost every inch of it lined with mosaic tiles scintillating in the candlelight .
tr	NN	No beating around the hedges as his mother used to say .
tr	NNS	" Animals don 't do that . "
tr	NNS	We entered the hotel , the beige marble floors polished so well that I could see my own reflection .
tr	NN	A loud shriek of metal followed as the Volvo scraped along the flank of the carriage .
tr	NNS	" And the Officials didn 't see you , or stop you ? "
tr	NNS	Things the New Orleans city government can 't do .
tr	NNS	The actors turned to Spencer , and Seth Cardiff , who was playing Duncan , said his first line .
tr	NNS	Ec stared at them , her bulbous eyes intense swirls of gold and black .
tr	NN	The golden tinge of the lymph was darkening and turning cloudy .
tr	NN	" There 's a lotta good teaching in here about listening to God , and about listening to one another .
tr	NN	Every inch of the pasture and meadow must be parasite free . "
tr	NN	His slight hesitation was all that Helen and the puzzle needed .
tr	NN	The lease had ended , but thankfully no one had replied to the ad , so it had remained hers .
tr	NN	The bullet passed just above him , embedding itself into the obelisk and leaving an ugly divot in the perfect marble .
tr	NNS	Looks like I 'm wrong again .
tr	NNS	His sight lands on my sleeveless left arm .
tr	NN	At this point in the story , White 's personality drastically changed , according to old high school friends and college roommates .
tr	NNS	Things can 't be easy ? "
tr	NN	Her tail is bitten off and ugly , and she 's very indignant and sorry for herself , but she 's also very alive .
tr	NNS	Her red satin strands of hair elegantly dangled down , almost reaching the floor .
tr	NNS	Smells like garlic , olive oil and tomatoes .
tr	NNS	The shots that I heard were loud , too loud , but also seemed to be coming across a great distance .
tr	NN	The hardship was great , but it was nothing compared to the silence .
tr	NNS	Even the characters would be unrecognizable to most .
tr	NNS	Guardians stood by the door with guns , stun batons , cuffs , looking ready to pounce at the slightest movement .
tr	NN	The challenge was only to get Cam and Maxi safely out of town .
tr	NN	His sterile method of management soon reached his boss who didn 't take kindly to this impersonal method of management and ordered him to loosen up .
tr	NN	" Shit , " the warrior muttered on the other end .
tr	NN	A low whistle turned her head .
tr	NNS	Neither his physical changes nor his diametrically opposed attitudes make any sense .
tr	NN	The mountain rumbled in protest .
tr	NNS	But as I stared at the tiny screen , the letters became a jumble , not worth even registering .
tr	NNS	In the splotches of shadow between them , the green jewels winked like the eyes of angry cats .
tr	NNS	She turned to face the cavernous dark hangar , lit dimly by pools of light from overhead fixtures in the steel rafters .
tr	NNS	Lights speared the night outside the window .
tr	NN	A veil seemed to pass over his face , and in the next instant his expression was back to the normal mask of amused contempt .
tr	NNS	Alexis ran up to me , her cheeks pink from excitement .
tr	NN	The secretary of defense was saying , " If we delay any longer , the situation is going to get completely out of control .
tr	NN	Their condition may well help determine how much pain we put Mr. Birch through . "
tr	NNS	" Ten bars is as high as I will go .
tr	NN	My pack leader in Colorado would have been across the table clawing out your throat for challenging his decision . "
tr	NN	For a moment , the shelf appeared empty .
tr	NNS	Folks say there was nothin ' left but a few fur balls . "
tr	NNS	The deaths weren 't intentional .
tr	NN	At that thought every motile unit in him contracted slightly and Andrew began to quiver as he lay stretched full length on the ground .
tr	NNS	Nerves raced through her , as she wondered what he would do next .
tr	NN	His escorts wouldn 't tell him , and he finally overheard some talk at dinner time .
tr	NN	The first bullet missed Arnie .
tr	NN	A tourist must have brought it up here .
tr	NN	A fighter like both of his parents . "
tr	NNS	Several unfinished paintings perched on easels covered with sheets , looking like ghosts floating a couple of feet off the ground .
tr	NNS	My hair clips were too aberrant for bed , as was the anklet .
tr	NNS	Things like that happen a lot around me . "
tr	NN	Camp No. 20 had never tried Cronin and the three men who had sat in judgment were not the sort of men who would ever get caught .
tr	NN	A very beautiful blonde sat behind the wheel looking up at the sign of the bar .
tr	NNS	Images , like I told you before .
tr	NNS	Others sprung from the lives and teachings of Hindu saints and sages .
tr	NNS	Several young Shadowhunters tumbled into the room like puppies falling over one another .
tr	NNS	" The media were a little enthusiastic in their reporting . "
tr	NN	There was a wide ledge that circled the building , but no one was on it as far as she could see .
tr	NNS	Realm swallows , his eyes watering and downcast as my words hit him .
tr	NN	But if you want me to knock you out and trample over your undead body , I ' l be delighted to oblige . "
tr	NNS	Others joined in , a which point another man jumped into the foray and screamed , " Stop it .
tr	NN	That scar might fade over time , but it 'll never go away .
tr	NNS	The drums are amazing .
tr	NN	My pa don 't want us talkin ' to folks we don 't know .
tr	NNS	The other recent arrivals , Tegan and Elise , had come in from the base he commanded in New York City .
tr	NNS	Special intelligence chips control the weapons .
tr	NN	Behind us , the highway stretches on , but I don 't need it .
tr	NN	The red rim of the sun rose over the shoulders of the dark land .
tr	NN	There was big poster of Cristiano Ronaldo on the wall next to him .
tr	NNS	The zombies should be at the top of their game right now , but how good was that ?
tr	NNS	Only a few local villagers knew of this place .
tr	NN	There was even a huge flatscreen TV mounted on the wall with a couch facing in its direction .
tr	NNS	" There 're some pills in his bathroom .
tr	NN	Suddenly , there was a crash in the adjoining stall .
tr	NNS	" Their spies comb the city , seeking out our people and exposing them where they can .
tr	NN	A temporary lair is not going to cut it . "
tr	NNS	Maris took a deep breath .
tr	NN	' Rat pit , ' said Maurice . '
tr	NNS	The hobbits took it in turn to watch .
tr	NN	No offense , " I add .
tr	NNS	And when I slip my hand inside them , his eyelids flutter and he takes a breath , but just a small one .
tr	NNS	All attempts are futile .
tr	NN	The electricity in my limbs steps down , from six down to one , then off .
tr	NN	Part of me can 't believe it , even when Malcolm blows a whistle signaling an end to the game .
tr	NNS	Things were progressing to the essential vocabulary for survival .
tr	NN	An old Protector with a scar running down the side of his face said and chuckled .
tr	NN	Her grimace let him know she resented his demands , but she left the door open and rolled into the kitchen .
tr	NN	" His reputation with the sword is well-known .
tr	NN	Then the little fucker called me and said he 'd give them back when I deposited twenty million in his numbered account in Switzerland . "
tr	NNS	" A lovers ' tiff ? "
tr	NN	A swath of stars and shimmering light swept across the sky in a shining arc .
tr	NNS	His daughter 's belongings packed away like evidence .
tr	NN	The busy city 's racket lessened at night , so the volume of the traffic noise below made him think it was about six a.m. .
tr	NN	My grandmother lived until the nineteen seventies .
tr	NN	The valet bowed and asked , " What should I tell his lordship ? "
tr	NN	The shooter had a hell of a silencer , good cover , and a decent rifle .
tr	NNS	There weren 't any signs with arrows pointing me in the right direction , so I wandered and took this time to munch on Skittles .
tr	NN	Once upon a time football meant that much to me .
tr	NNS	There are consequences to our actions and nothing we do is ever in a vacuum .
tr	NN	" There 's a pot in my rucksack , go and get it . "
tr	NN	Only the stench of death filled the air .
tr	NN	The honor of both families was at stake .
tr	NN	The passion and terror she had displayed moments past drained from her face .
tr	NN	The caller was really sobbing now .
tr	NN	In the next moment , an inferno roared down the tunnel , blanketing everything that was more than three feet off the ground .
tr	NN	The thong was no barrier to the heat of his lean flanks against her cheeks and the hard length of his erection against her spine .
tr	NNS	Air users called up blasts of wind that would have knocked a live opponent over .
tr	NNS	The gifted freaks were a huge help .
tr	NN	The new clothing , the stuff they were sanitizing , was definitely feminine .
tr	NN	" The gun we found down by the river , " the sheriff had said .
tr	NN	His joyous cackle sounded quite clear as I punched the off button and ended the call .
tr	NN	Not a make-out session like the couples under the stairwell at school .
tr	NN	The stench of gasoline was overpowering .
tr	NN	The stethoscope in Joseph 's hands fell into the bag with a thud .
tr	NNS	And suddenly all the accusations , justifications , denials , and explanations made sense .
tr	NN	Chance slapped him on the shoulder .
tr	NNS	" Yeah , the streetlights just died on me .
tr	NN	Reaching the last switchback , the lieutenant pointed toward a camp sheltered in a cover of steep crags and surrounded by black woods .
tr	NN	" Besides , what 's so special ' bout tonight ? "
tr	NNS	His punches are so powerful that the vibrations crack some of the walls .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids fluttered shut , the length of them casting spiky shadows over her cheeks .
tr	NN	" Part angel , part tree , " he said , and fell silent again .
tr	NNS	Alexis , take care of yourself , " he extended his hand .
tr	NN	The other thing noticeable about him is the straw hat which seems to be handmade .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of his chase yesterday not far from this site kept racing through his mind .
tr	NN	At that he laughed , a rich chuckle that had my entire body relaxing and heating at the same time .
tr	NNS	The shouts and screams did not follow them and soon faded in the distance .
tr	NN	" If you can 't lift the crucible , Jack , this dwarf here is right . "
tr	NNS	" The films finished . "
tr	NNS	The footsteps of her pursuer were louder now , starting to catch up .
tr	NN	Love can be a very strange thing sometimes .
tr	NNS	Dragons of every color flew above her .
tr	NN	The network had moved Jeannie from Saturday night to Monday night .
tr	NN	the dragon growled , approaching her with his hulking , lumbering stride .
tr	NN	And guilt was a barrier .
tr	NNS	" Changing planes is unnatural and unsettling for humans , which is why they typical y don 't all ow it . "
tr	NNS	As if her thoughts summoned them , the wolves walked into the center of the courtyard .
tr	NN	Love pulled open the zip to reveal an overcoat .
tr	NNS	" My demands are simple .
tr	NNS	His actions could have interpreted any number of ways .
tr	NN	There were no handholds and nothing to grab onto in the event of a fall .
tr	NNS	Enchanted fireflies had replaced the cherry petals , illuminating those revelers who were still going strong .
tr	NN	Given a certain situation the author felt they would act , as they had , because that was who they were .
tr	NNS	Three motorcycles pulled up and the man in charge shut down his engine .
tr	NN	There was an exclamation from behind the counter .
tr	NN	Black market , she realized .
tr	NN	The firelight brightened the passage .
tr	NN	The lantern inside had gone out ; the torch outside illuminated only the entry curtain and its gold sunburst .
tr	NNS	The elves explained that an ancient enchanter had enchanted the armor to make it silent .
tr	NNS	" Things are developing faster than they should be .
tr	NNS	The spaces were intimate without being cramped though the ceilings were quite low in places .
tr	NNS	Flames dotted the forest and kept it alight .
tr	NNS	Did my shyness really bother him so much ?
tr	NNS	Words like -- " Open for me , shake your bark , let me out , by the Sacred Spark ! "
tr	NN	There was an excited glint in her eyes , an edgy sort of triumph .
tr	NN	The gargoyle was still staring , as though he were wondering how anybody could look that dorky .
tr	NNS	Two more shots rang out .
tr	NNS	The higher brain functions return gradually . "
tr	NN	" There is a pub hither .
tr	NN	Love , friendship , happiness ... I don 't need to be in New York to have those things .
tr	NN	But there 's a third option : to be neither .
tr	NNS	Lots of new words made up , to sound posh .
tr	NNS	Flames began to lick up my legs and then I disappeared .
tr	NN	His explanation only deepened that pinched look .
tr	NN	There was another bruise on his cheek , and his face was very white , but she could see the darting movement under his eyelids .
tr	NNS	No more wetness came .
tr	NNS	" Our abilities are usually more than sufficient to deal with humans .
tr	NNS	" You see , it 's as I thought , " he said pleasantly to Pella , " the ladies haven 't the heads for politics .
tr	NN	" Thank you Inspector , Dad 's surgeon doesn 't want any staff in with us while he 's trying to communicate .
tr	NNS	As he entered the room , his footsteps echoed on the wooden floorboards .
tr	NN	The duel was four weeks away .
tr	NN	We , ll just wait then . "
tr	NNS	The characters and events portrayed in this book are fictitious .
tr	NNS	My hand lands on Olivia 's mom 's shoulder .
tr	NN	His orgasm came out of nowhere and went on and on .
tr	NN	" You are fine , " the medic agreed .
tr	NNS	These trials take time to plan and construct .
tr	NN	The plane 's lack of fuel is another problem . "
tr	NNS	The fireworks went off with a deafening roar just as the car jerked to a stop .
tr	NNS	Without the wrist device , Imp users could rest assured their feeds were private .
tr	NNS	Corner stores were becoming dangerous areas as the masses became hungry .
tr	NNS	" What other aliens are there .
tr	NN	A small chip in that nastiness he seemed to wrap around himself like a cloak .
tr	NN	But a fright like that for a rookie can result in gunfire , and frankly I believed we were woefully outgunned already .
tr	NNS	Like I said , Roxie said this was a routine date , there were no red flags .
tr	NN	But his misery had followed him .
tr	NNS	The rocky hills would protect me from the hunts .
tr	NN	The trailer I 'd been too embarrassed by to invite a friend or a girl back to ?
tr	NNS	The prayers were long and windy that Sunday morning .
tr	NNS	All her hopes rested on the elevator , that it would be at that floor and open to her .
tr	NNS	A hand sticks out , the fingernails painted a bright shade of pink .
tr	NN	The captain stopped too , looking back to stare with curiosity .
tr	NNS	The sirens scream all around me , searing the inside of my skull with the kind of hurt that makes it impossible to think .
tr	NN	Part of me didn 't care about anything but seeing Lena again .
tr	NN	And remember , no-one is to move in until they get the all-clear from the trap squad .
tr	NN	The badge seems a bit heavy now , right ?
tr	NN	Part of it worried me ; after all , Sarah was a rebound girl after a 500 year relationship .
tr	NNS	Their expressions were almost tragic with pity .
tr	NN	When she reached the gate , the watchman called down to her .
tr	NNS	Words are the sharpest weapons , and can kill a spirit -- that 's what he always said .
tr	NN	The aged ivory slipped and he had to reposition the receiver a few times before continuing .
tr	NNS	" Where are your colors ? "
tr	NN	" Chance , what the hell - " " Your timing is shit , Will , " Chance said flatly .
tr	NNS	Was he amusing her ?
tr	NNS	Things were getting complicated but Errol became quite enthusiastic .
tr	NNS	After , rehearsals ended Hunter caught up with me as I was headed out the door .
tr	NN	The more she moved , the more her clothing pulled away from the metal bands , no longer acting as a block .
tr	NN	Amazingly , the peasant is no longer panicked .
tr	NN	The huge , crumpled skeleton of a long dead tree lay trapped in a web of thorn and thistle .
tr	NNS	His prayers became knives cutting off the evil spirits and destroying their eggs before they became apparent in the body .
tr	NN	Instant guilt swamped me .
tr	NNS	But for now ... her eyelids fluttered down .
tr	NNS	There were absolutely no signs any person had ever been there before .
tr	NNS	The Barron siblings had that in common too , the ability to make a person spill their soul .
tr	NNS	" Things are good with us , Mason . "
tr	NNS	In a little while the pirates reached the flat top of the cliff where the monastery stood .
tr	NN	' This is really a lot of fun , grandfather , ' my fishing partner noted . '
tr	NN	" War , " Jazz repeated flatly .
tr	NNS	Looks like another email is comin ' in .
tr	NN	the bearded captain raved .
tr	NN	On a table to the right of the door , a lamp stood , emitting the light that had drawn me .
tr	NNS	Then , too , the areas where he 'd been wounded made themselves known , throbbing as he ran .
tr	NN	Margaret 's lantern sat on the ground , empty and cold .
tr	NN	" You 'd better collect him , " the old werewolf growled .
tr	NN	There 's a slit in my mattress ?
tr	NNS	Our captains have enough knowledge to carry on without us . "
tr	NN	A multitude of stout ropes dangled and swayed like thread from the dizzying heights .
tr	NN	Already he was pulling her into his lap , whispering promises he had every intention of keeping ... eventually .
tr	NNS	Our ghosts did the damage . '
tr	NNS	But the emptiness remained .
tr	NN	' The band 's van is ready to go . '
tr	NNS	The drums make the windows vibrate .
tr	NN	The government isn 't exactly smart , but they do have one big benefit .
tr	NNS	Images flashed across the screen as it grew wider and taller , until it almost filled Michael 's entire vision .
tr	NNS	A few worried murmurs went throughout the crowd and Duncan smiled .
tr	NNS	Still most persons concluded them to be , if not engaged already , on the eve of being so .
tr	NNS	" Where are the other documents ? "
tr	NN	Your partner may have seen that as an opportunity .
tr	NN	In my first period , my class teacher asked the new students to introduce themselves .
tr	NN	The entire archipelago south of Iceland 's main coast was steaming and quaking .
tr	NNS	Among the teeth and into the indigo the movements of tiny bats appeared and disappeared , zigzagging silently .
tr	NNS	The elves speak their own language .
tr	NNS	Similar ideas appeared to fill her sister 's brain .
tr	NNS	" Tanks , " he shouted into the battalion net .
tr	NNS	The characters are ghastly people who ruin each others ' lives .
tr	NNS	The roads are a mess .
tr	NN	Her jaguar was completely intact , although when he studied her carefully , the organs she shared with Solange were reshaping as well .
tr	NNS	The concepts took an interest in the verbal sparring , even Karma and Irony .
tr	NN	Nikolai 's mate , Renata , hopped down off the counter in the weapons room and started pacing in her combat boots and black fatigues .
tr	NNS	Others , no doubt , tried their best to bury the past and move forward .
tr	NNS	Goss had found her body when he got home that afternoon .
tr	NNS	Two door slams echoed through the pine forest and up the slopes .
tr	NN	The seatbelt retracted , and I slung my bag over my shoulder and reached for the door .
tr	NN	Toby also saw Margaret his secretary arriving for work , mere hours after being dismissed .
tr	NNS	Cadmus placed his finger on a small bronze clip on the side of his mask .
tr	NNS	The footsteps were at the top of the first landing .
tr	NNS	Her sneakers crunched under the wet leaves , and she wrapped her new wool toggle coat around herself more tightly to keep the cold from coming in .
tr	NNS	But cold , hard facts hadn 't done anything to diminish the fiery spark between us .
tr	NNS	Feel strong currents , active , moving water ... something nearby .
tr	NNS	Now those creatures are out in the street , all they do was pointing fingers at each other .
tr	NN	Had a casual observer been scanning that same night sky on the morning it began the falling object would most likely have been overlooked .
tr	NN	Mary 's greatest asset had always been the sheer force of her will .
tr	NN	I didn , t really know the others that well at all .
tr	NN	The rope went taut , and Fili pulled in vain .
tr	NN	" Holy cow that would be a lot of siblings !
tr	NNS	Her worn sandals led her through the dank grass to the kitchens , a more skeletal building behind the church .
tr	NNS	There was something sincere in his tone .
tr	NN	Her bosom threatened to spill over the bodice of her canary gown .
tr	NN	Limp reddish hair framed his face , the tangled strands the exact color of a ripe peach .
tr	NNS	The first few tests looked like simple computer games , but once he started playing them , they weren 't as simple as they first appeared .
tr	NN	Love stroked her head and watched as the three figures pushed with their paws against Julie 's tummy like they were kneading bread .
tr	NNS	drinks , bags of chips and candy , Hal started up the bus again and we were off .
tr	NN	The Egg handled like a dream .
tr	NNS	Even the worst struggles could end in reunion .
tr	NNS	There were many couples around the room .
tr	NNS	" So werewolves were human once ? "
tr	NNS	The wind drops and the deluge wears down to a patter like moisture from waves spraying up over a storm wall .
tr	NN	Her jaw fracture isn 't as bad as we first thought .
tr	NN	" Ah , now it is time to get philosophical , " grinned her teacher .
tr	NNS	Or is it drugs ? '
tr	NN	" Mass reference report . "
tr	NNS	" Things were good between us , right ?
tr	NN	The spider is too close to the tiny people " he thought " might hit them as well .
tr	NN	Jazz spun , still crouching , and drove the heel of her hand into the woman 's solar plexus , sending her flying and gasping for air .
tr	NN	He couldn , t see his attackers .
tr	NN	In an emergency Tiber 's cow would run .
tr	NN	A headstone glimmered in the moonlight , its words emblazoned in her mind .
tr	NN	Where was the jar of balm ?
tr	NNS	Our basic values , though unchanged since the days of the lost land , had hardened somewhat around certain rituals .
tr	NN	A low rumbling echoed beneath their feet as the star hit the earth .
tr	NNS	There are also individual pouches and vials you can use to separate your ingredients .
tr	NN	The healer would remove them permanently in a couple of days , and until then , she was to be careful with her movements .
tr	NNS	The chemical changes alone would be enough to have you committed for life to a mental institution with your veins pumped full of prescribed medication .
tr	NN	" What kind of job did your uncle lose ? "
tr	NN	There was something elemental about him , intensely male , as if not even the wide open plains could hold him .
tr	NN	o Always be upbeat and positive .
tr	NNS	Things were happening too fast ; Patrick wanted to slow down .
tr	NNS	The servants continued to stare at me as I turned my back and tramped away .
tr	NN	But the diary was in there .
tr	NN	And finally , the upper layer completed what was keenly identified as the horseshoe-shaped St. George 's Harbor .
tr	NN	The duke sounded well and truly agitated as he crossed his arms over his chest and stared back at her with defiance .
tr	NNS	Random shots dropped some of the army .
tr	NN	A new sob broke from my chest .
tr	NNS	" And the one Oscar nom , but it 's cool .
tr	NN	* Her new lodge was a wonder to her , and very much to her liking .
tr	NNS	Her fingernails dug into his arms .
tr	NNS	Barnabas gave the rich man an intimidating stare , " Watching him irritate you is just as entertaining to me as the gladiator match below . "
tr	NNS	Amur 's inquiries must have reached the wrong ears .
tr	NN	Across the way and twenty feet below , an underground waterfall thundered into a shallow pool that drained away through the rocks .
tr	NNS	Looks like part of an old sword . "
tr	NNS	Even when she crawled dripping wet to the bed , and the pain began , the room 's monitors were silent .
tr	NN	" So the coin is authentic ? "
tr	NNS	Business stayed open , restaurants served coffee and fries .
tr	NNS	Her fears suddenly seemed ludicrous .
tr	NNS	There were no other passengers . "
tr	NNS	Along one wall were the cabinets , where I had found the lantern and matches .
tr	NN	Child molesters that trick organizations into hiring them to " care " for kids .
tr	NNS	Aren 't the villages and this valley enough ?
tr	NN	My partner 's outside waiting for a detective who is getting a warrant .
tr	NN	A secretary was just a secretary .
tr	NN	There was a faint stirring as if he was barely hanging on .
tr	NN	The smells of the fresh grass , the air and trees called to his wolf .
tr	NN	The momentum carried it through so it struck the doors with the force of a cannonball .
tr	NNS	Alexis made sure that the unjust , illegal and corrupt persecutions her people lived under by the past Administrations would never , ever take place again .
tr	NNS	The two detectives immediately apologized and left the room .
tr	NN	She hadn 't been fond of Julie , had quickly discovered a hard layer of selfishness beneath all that grace and beauty .
tr	NNS	The butterflies swarming in my stomach couldn 't seem to stop .
tr	NNS	Looks like I 'm right .
tr	NN	" Manny likes you , " Jazz said .
tr	NNS	Of seeing those qualities so loved crushed .
tr	NNS	Bunker errands are something you 've done before , and there seemed little chance that you 'd return before all Citizen soldiers were dispatched . "
tr	NN	Leona 's theory might have been spot-on .
tr	NN	A young valet opened her passenger door .
tr	NNS	Looks like I killed him . "
tr	NNS	Screams of terror preceded them ; whispers of speculation followed .
tr	NN	A teacher must have heard Bailey hollering , because she stopped and went back to her locker like nothing happened in the blink of an eye .
tr	NN	When they reached the big house , Juanita 's uncle met them with a scowl on his face .
tr	NN	" What did the captain say about me ? "
tr	NNS	And my Hands fluttered like butterflies at a Window while my eyes stared at the bare Wall , unable to escape from my Long awakening .
tr	NNS	Maris parried the blow with his own blade and leapt out of the weapon 's range .
tr	NNS	The triangles cut from car hoods , tops and trunks were still welded together but weather-beaten and rusted .
tr	NN	" The very notion of this makes my blood cold , but I can 't think of any rational arguments against it . "
tr	NNS	Three members of the pack shifted to their human forms to help Victor carry their fallen Alpha home .
tr	NN	As the lights danced around the dance floor , casting its unnatural glow , the unmistakable reflection of a vampire 's eyes was easily visible .
tr	NNS	" My fellow Americans , by now you may know that we are facing a global shift in our way of life .
tr	NNS	Two grenades had destroyed the prison 's front door and taken out the remaining windows .
tr	NN	" Your husband 's attorney has agreed to all of our terms . "
tr	NN	Why would the spider have helped me ?
tr	NN	" A cheeseburger sounds good .
tr	NNS	Porcelain figures sat on every available surface .
tr	NN	" Our one witness wants you to sign . "
tr	NN	His announcement provoked horror and dismay .
tr	NN	Donnie Greenhouse 's stupidity had maybe saved his life .
tr	NN	Then again , a ghoul didn 't breathe , and could hold as still as a statue if need be .
tr	NN	An explanation followed but Mike remained selective in what he said and most of all didn 't say .
tr	NNS	After a while her sobs turned to painful hiccups .
tr	NN	A thin , almost invisible cord was strung between the wingtips and through the device .
tr	NN	" This vicar was your old friend ? "
tr	NNS	Upstairs , Number 16 , belongs to me , for at least another month .
tr	NN	The reflection was frightening .
tr	NNS	The floors were just sheets of plywood , with not even so much as a scatter rug on them .
tr	NNS	" The letters , " David said , pointing lamely towards the counter where they were now neatly stacked .
tr	NN	The casino chip he had in his pocket .
tr	NNS	The rats , pushing past their dead , hit the roots full force , but came no further .
tr	NNS	And classes were just awkward .
tr	NNS	Around us , ladies sip their tea to the sounds of stringed instruments from some hidden alcove .
tr	NNS	People aren 't the primary hosts , cats are .
tr	NNS	Next thing Nicolas knew was that this teacher , this humble guide and good friend to him here would not be coming back .
tr	NNS	Several strange facts combined against him , which might have staggered anyone who had not such proof of his innocence as I had .
tr	NNS	These high profile cases your father and I take on tend to create enemies .
tr	NN	I ' l bring them home . "
tr	NNS	Long rows of yellow counter tops and cabinets covered one side of the room and a dining table stood on the other .
tr	NNS	Those pilgrims who had reached Montana had quickly broken into factions when it became clear that there was no Messiah to be found .
tr	NN	A commando knife ? "
tr	NN	Was the tenant the size of a pixie ?
tr	NNS	The possibilities seemed endless as I sat here all night . "
tr	NN	The leader gripped his weapon more tightly .
tr	NN	Unaccompanied , the dungeon is absolutely off-limits to you two .
tr	NNS	Fate 's improvisation skills leapt in to overdrive .
tr	NNS	Things were different now .
tr	NNS	The jumps are all right , of course , but I 'd hold them back to one mile apiece if I were you . "
tr	NN	There is no hesitation in your giving ; it is who you are .
tr	NN	The booze had gone , too , along with the pills and the crazy turns .
tr	NN	Let me finish here , then I ' l see if my troops can help Gaius . "
tr	NN	Her neighbor was no more trustworthy than anyone else .
tr	NNS	Fresh splashes of wild energy burned on the treads of the staircase behind her .
tr	NN	The mayor was staring at the elevator , his mouth agape .
tr	NN	My jaguar is uneasy , Dominic .
tr	NNS	In bold , black letters was a sign reading , ' Enter at own Risk ' .
tr	NN	Dahlia 's h * ps lifted for him , giving him the opportunity to cup her bottom and bring her to him .
tr	NNS	The red taillights led me through the deserted nursery back to the cabin .
tr	NN	" Killer came through here . "
tr	NN	The gargoyle tilted his head .
tr	NN	The guitarist strummed a slow rhythm .
tr	NN	The U.S. futures market is not pretty .
tr	NNS	In terms of numerical score Charlie 's targets were much worse than James Barr 's .
tr	NNS	The traders and hunters , I guess , and I catch sight of at least four of them .
tr	NN	Just then the same policeman , Brainerd , came striding out of the doctor 's office .
tr	NN	His declared sympathy with Brutus and Cassius occasioned his banishment in 66 .
tr	NN	There was only one entry below it .
tr	NNS	His fist lands on the mirror , cracking and smashing it even more .
tr	NNS	Before he could look out again , other footsteps clattered along the marble floor and stopped at the elevator , where the three women were still talking .
tr	NNS	The warm wetness feels exquisite as he sucks on the swollen bud , twirling the other between his fingertips .
tr	NN	" The nozzle on the shower is insanely low and I wouldn 't want you to get a backache . "
tr	NNS	My sister 's companions visit here often , and not one has ever been eaten by a bear .
tr	NNS	Families withdrew into smoky , isolated parlors to endure long nights , speaking volumes about the workings within the community .
tr	NNS	Several directors raised their crests to be recognized .
tr	NN	The tip of her nose is slightly red , her hair windblown and redolent of the ocean breeze .
tr	NNS	The companions traveled fast and hard for the rest of the day .
tr	NNS	What are these figures ? "
tr	NN	" If it comes down to it , we ' l have to take Donovan down .
tr	NNS	And ... and there 's strings and strings of sausages !
tr	NNS	Lights from the parking lot and gymnasium streamed in through the trees , illuminating a small portion of the woods .
tr	NNS	Bartholomew 's eyelids were heavy .
tr	NNS	Reyes smiled , a wonderful smirk that let her know she was in for an extraordinary treat .
tr	NNS	The cousins spent time in the system for their theft .
tr	NN	Bringing her the iPod was just the latest in a long line of considerate gestures he 'd made toward her .
tr	NNS	The distances had been relatively short and his body felt nearly settled .
tr	NNS	To either side , arched openings led into side chambers , like chapels in a church .
tr	NNS	Others watched , swinging their gazes between him and me .
tr	NNS	The frogs around the cabin were particularly loud , making a strange , off-key music .
tr	NN	Giddy glee bursts across my face , and then I do as he asks .
tr	NNS	Today several members of the Rodriguez family were going on trial to face drug-trafficking charges .
tr	NN	His pulse was speeding in his veins , further testament that she wasn 't the only one affected .
tr	NN	His little trick had saved her from injury , but she was sure there would still be bruises .
tr	NN	" Even a Gypsy wouldn 't be stupid enough to do that . "
tr	NN	For a moment the environment seemed a cozy little place to watch the storm .
tr	NN	Outside , the gunfire had stopped .
tr	NNS	The drops caused his fingers to sometimes slip as he moved from one song to another .
tr	NNS	Myles rolled his eyes at Jared 's heavy skepticism .
tr	NNS	Eric 's instincts said , Screw the rules .
tr	NN	" What are your favorite smells ? "
tr	NNS	Her expressions were almost as subtle as a human 's !
tr	NN	The concept of being in love probably wasn 't even in his vocabulary .
tr	NN	What was their goal , and when would we find out ?
tr	NN	" Na drunk , " insisted his lordship , throwing one substantial arm across his Beta 's shoulders and leaning heavily upon it .
tr	NNS	Romulus was stone ! "
tr	NN	The castle ahead rose up from the ground in all its majesty .
tr	NN	Reaching the steed , the disheveled warrior grabbed at the bridle with both hands and leapt into the air .
tr	NNS	But all the wolves knew where the mountain was .
tr	NN	" A Shadowhunter who knows magic tricks , " Magnus observed .
tr	NN	There was some murmuring .
tr	NNS	The next two cells were empty .
tr	NNS	The drugs were still in her system .
tr	NN	A football flew past her face , kicked by one of two jocks running down the hall .
tr	NN	Sweet revenge flowed over me .
tr	NN	Delegation by the most was not necessary , as so many had become victims , equilibrium manifested itself .
tr	NN	When my attorney suggested we might be willing to settle , the plaintiff came back with an even higher demand . "
tr	NNS	The strings of a harp caught Tara 's attention .
tr	NN	Their gran has always been the mom I never had . "
tr	NN	The cow was dead , really dead and now she 's up and moving .
tr	NN	Trying to imitate the sound the kitten had made , great weariness fell upon him and he passed out . .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids sprang apart , and she saw that Riley was frowning with concern .
tr	NNS	The hatch seals hissed and there came the metallic slap of the magnetic locks as the hatch closed and resealed itself .
tr	NN	Another crash brought a sound of splintering that chilled her to the bone .
tr	NNS	The pills need to kick it up a notch so I can feel artificially happy .
tr	NNS	The commands activated determine the property of the software .
tr	NNS	Finally , servants extinguish several of the lanterns lining the walls .
tr	NNS	The tunnels spewed black figures , a horde of gibbering claws and teeth .
tr	NN	A fiery bullet hit a vampire about seven feet away from me , who screamed in agony as he burst into flames .
tr	NN	My secretary , Dora , had some people call on Mrs. Rudi 's house .
tr	NN	" What would a thief want with a pillow ? "
tr	NN	There was a small sliver of a smile , as if he were happy that he had made Jakob crack .
tr	NN	The first mate , Mr. Tisbury , whom Ian suspected disliked him anyway , turned his cold , blue gaze on the ship 's boys .
tr	NNS	A dozen or so clan members raised their hands until Richard stepped in and interrupted the spectacle .
tr	NNS	" Thought at least a congratulations might be in order . "
tr	NNS	Others just like them who despise our little slice of paradise . "
tr	NN	The roar in her head died .
tr	NNS	Small signs like this , once more affirming the man in black 's essential humanity , never failed to please him .
tr	NN	Alec 's challenge echoed - " What 's more important ?
tr	NN	A few lines in , Norman good-naturedly put his fingers in his ears .
tr	NNS	The ideas are nothing until they are made into a reality , and I cannot make anything ! "
tr	NN	The roar of bickering continued while Helen 's mind began to wander .
tr	NN	A serenity matched by nothing else .
tr	NNS	The torches hanging on the walls cast an odd shadow over his face .
tr	NNS	No crazy twins creeping me out , no moms coming back from the dead .
tr	NNS	Up in the trees , squirrels ran and hid .
tr	NN	There was a glint in her eye as she wandered back to the fence where a row of practice swords were lined up .
tr	NNS	The door slams shut behind him .
tr	NNS	In no time , the items were lying in a pile , ripped beyond repair as his quickly followed in much the same condition .
tr	NNS	Soldiers marched to the government complex , and again , the soldiers and government workers had abandoned the buildings .
tr	NN	The grad student trudged to the side of the tunnel and scraped the mud off his boots with the shovel .
tr	NN	Like with Jonathan , midnight seemed to keep anything normal from happening .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared as he clenched his fists .
tr	NNS	Immortal warriors possessed by the demons once locked inside Pandora 's box .
tr	NN	The slave averted his eyes , and Tavi could not read the man 's marred features .
tr	NNS	Gramps grumbles as I push the door open and walk into the house .
tr	NN	" Oh , sailing in rough weather isn 't all that bad . "
tr	NNS	" The twins are holding their own . "
tr	NNS	As for your dilemma , the zombies are dying .
tr	NNS	" Well , the healers aren 't entirely sure what to make of it .
tr	NN	Before they knew it , a Soviet Jeep with four soldiers pulled in front of them , cutting them off .
tr	NNS	" Bugs , " Barry announced simply , " many , many bugs . "
tr	NN	Her kindness never failed to set me at odds with my mother , and I sensed today would be no different .
tr	NN	Despite the throbbing , my spiked adrenaline clears my mind .
tr	NN	My nervous giggle is the only answer I can give him .
tr	NNS	Her footprints wouldn 't have been on top of the ash .
tr	NNS	Though the marines would see them to the hangar bay exits , one way or another .
tr	NN	Suddenly , the van horned loud and the breaks screeched as I slid forwards .
tr	NNS	The dwarves vanished in three muted explosions .
tr	NNS	The directors in Mystic Laws and Regulations , room 3B , sat in stunned silence as Zoey recounted the events of the previous night .
tr	NNS	The golden letters alpha and omega where embedded in the red candle piece of the white candle .
tr	NNS	" Fewer passengers in the cockpit could solve the weight adjustment ; that means that we will be short of the new motors .
tr	NNS	" It 's the Leopard 's beasts , " panted Romulus as they split off to the right .
tr	NNS	The members of the group will know who you are , where you come from , and will help you to keep that from the public . "
tr	NNS	Great hairy pigs and goats , of a sort the girls had never seen before , made up the only visible livestock .
tr	NN	Very soon afterwards , there was a damp , heavy thud on the far side .
tr	NNS	Therefore , your origins are indeed questionable . "
tr	NNS	The runes carved on its blade gleamed as it sliced through the demon 's throat .
tr	NNS	" We should go home , " Jase whispers , his hands stroking my waist .
tr	NN	But the pilot stands his ground , staring into the eyes of the opposing pilot in front of him .
tr	NNS	Lights in the apartment flickered on and off .
tr	NNS	The chances of him selling quickly aren 't that good . "
tr	NNS	There still were no gun shots , nothing to let him know what had happened between Kellen and the killer .
tr	NNS	" My actions earlier were uncalled for . "
tr	NNS	Piece by piece the contents of the bubble began to reveal itself to us .
tr	NN	While she tracked money , the Canadian government tracked people .
tr	NNS	Her faults were there , but nothing he could not lay claim to himself .
tr	NN	There was no lack of courage in Savannah .
tr	NNS	Subsequently , there were no siblings for me .
tr	NN	" Quiet , " said the captain , his voice and face unreadable .
tr	NN	" My warrior , " she murmured .
tr	NN	The entire booth turned 180 degrees , closing out the restaurant and leaving me sitting on the other side of the wall .
tr	NNS	" Our priest attendants have provided personal care , but the sickness burns too quickly .
tr	NN	The photograph showed Arthur with a disapproving look on his stern features .
tr	NN	The leader pushed away from them , one step , then another , never turning his back .
tr	NN	" The elder Thornton had just opened the shop ?
tr	NN	The thief also said nothing in return , but bowed humbly , grateful to receive a part of the stolen meal .
tr	NN	The townsfolk parted for the three of them as they made their way back to the wagon .
tr	NN	' Still driving it , ' Love said , and smiled .
tr	NN	Her clothing shredded as , with a feral cry , Kay shifted .
tr	NN	The glass shards sparkling against the wood floor are far more beautiful than the diamonds Prospero fastened at my mother 's throat .
tr	NN	A snort sounded , and the man growled , " The update is that she 's still not at home .
tr	NN	A silent , singular warrior lifting me up through the darkest of my nights .
tr	NNS	Her actions are not yours .
tr	NN	The Division of Ancients had tried to sack the city in one fell swoop .
tr	NN	Right now the coroner is out in the desert with her .
tr	NNS	Moments later her eyelids flickered , then opened .
tr	NNS	Tied to facts , a hostage to reality . "
tr	NNS	Things started out quietly enough .
tr	NNS	For that matter , his police skills were not up to standards nor was he professional by any definition of the term .
tr	NN	Your rebellion has earned me another whipping .
tr	NNS	A moment later the strains of classical music filled the tent .
tr	NNS	Beyond them the kinetic sculptures continued to create a falsely cheerful clatter .
tr	NN	The mating instinct had kicked in and it seized his entire being , infusing him with possessiveness and lust .
tr	NNS	" All his letters talk about the ocean or ocean themes , and of course , that 's where he throws the bottles .
tr	NN	His pulse ramped with adrenaline .
tr	NNS	Our ancestors flew off and landed on the single moon .
tr	NN	As the wooden planks were withdrawn , a long pit lined with sharpened stakes appeared .
tr	NNS	Up above the sky highways were less congested , albeit less traveled , too .
tr	NN	" And most folk weren 't in the habit of peering through the keyhole . "
tr	NN	The ice-cream parlor was charming and would undoubtedly be a big success .
tr	NNS	" My grandparents are both Vampires .
tr	NNS	While villains ... villains snatched victory out of the jaws of defeat .
tr	NN	The dragon 's starving and al he wants is his steak . "
tr	NN	On the phone there was a photograph .
tr	NN	Your agenda no longer aligns with the CSA 's . "
tr	NNS	" Our situations are different with the ones we lost , but my girlfriend of six years left me to study fashion in Italy . "
tr	NNS	Freaks spilled toward us in a hungry wave ; the wagons trundled on toward the walls .
tr	NN	A slender blonde greeted me from the other side of the bar .
tr	NNS	All the characters in this book are fictitious , and any resemblance to actual persons , living or dead , is purely coincidental .
tr	NNS	Within small white flakes floated and slowly settled almost becoming invisible .
tr	NNS	There were little puffs of gray and white smoke , so I could get a sense of where he was .
tr	NNS	With a single burst of blue plasma from her palms , his chains fell loose .
tr	NN	Instantly raising a silencing hand , Link kneels next to the kid , placing a comforting hand on his shoulder .
tr	NN	The tanned , female secretary asked .
tr	NN	At the mention of blood , a chorus of growls and deep inhalations rose from the crowd of depraved vampires .
tr	NN	That little dent in my pride smashed in completely and it shattered .
tr	NNS	Even the guardians had light patrols this time of the day , and I only passed a couple as I trudged back to guest housing .
tr	NN	But , hey if you don 't -- " " No !
tr	NN	These beautifully executed treatment plans were about as applicable to reality as the grand idea of the unicorn .
tr	NN	There was a limit to Sasha 's range .
tr	NNS	The local blues have just pulled me in , and it 's bullshit ... absolute bullshit .
tr	NN	A moment later a sonic boom exploded all around us .
tr	NNS	" A million possibilities could have been happening over there and you just hung up on her . "
tr	NNS	The directions I had were pointing me to a single dirt road that separated luscious trees on one side from acres of wheat on the other .
tr	NNS	His eyelids flickered open and closed , his body growing more and more pliant .
tr	NNS	There were twenty empty seats to choose from .
tr	NN	Behind Kellan there 's a cameraman filming the entire exchange even though one of the security guards keeps pushing his lens , knocking it aside .
tr	NN	For instance , my birthday is on September 4 , but my Chinese birthday is on August 18 .
tr	NN	The choir leader silently stepped in front of the group and raised his hands .
tr	NNS	The creatures on the cliff top let the last notes die away , stopped stamping , stopped clapping , stopped dancing .
tr	NNS	Ashley exits the building surrounded by women .
tr	NNS	Two illustrations covered the pages .
tr	NN	Her progress slowed to a treacherous crawl .
tr	NNS	Thin wisps of smoke wafted from the tips of my overly pink fingers .
tr	NN	The referee held the whistle to his lips but did not blow it .
tr	NNS	The ladies giggled , as though he were joking .
tr	NN	" The map is safe . "
tr	NNS	If anything , their efforts were less sophisticated , and certainly less successful , than those of Morton 's school .
tr	NNS	Words would not come .
tr	NNS	Muscles in his thighs bulged under his jeans , and when he stepped in a shallow puddle , his boot barely made a ripple .
tr	NN	The knight stared at her for several moments .
tr	NN	The den is not it . "
tr	NNS	Such privileges alienated her from the other Marks .
tr	NNS	With a flourish of his hand , my surroundings morphed again .
tr	NN	A fine haze hung in the air , blending earth and sky , smudging the distant horizon and rendering it barely discernible .
tr	NNS	The gusts of air was so strong now .
tr	NNS	Regular patrols from the castle had almost eliminated all banditry in the valleys on the south side of the pass .
tr	NN	The rear bumper made a nice , convenient bench for them to sit on .
tr	NN	Don 't kill Garrett or anything , but he told me what happened with you and Reid . "
tr	NN	The landing bay itself was quiet and only the security lights burned .
tr	NNS	In the same shapeless gown too .
tr	NN	The mob of Iron fey thinned rapidly .
tr	NNS	And now the experiences of the past day and night began to make a direct assault upon his faith .
tr	NNS	All the seats were leather and I could smell the coffee brewing .
tr	NN	The partner pulled out a cell phone .
tr	NN	The twinkle in her eye spoke of a mischievous side that came out only when she let it .
tr	NNS	Old newspapers , transfer slips , and paper cups melted away as they laid on the floor .
tr	NNS	Some figures rise to grab for power , but food is scarce and no one is able to establish a foothold of authority .
tr	NNS	And as the sunlight touched them , the creatures appeared to writhe in pain .
tr	NNS	" What do you Templars cal that little device ? "
tr	NN	The coarse fur had a rank smell that made him pull away in revulsion .
tr	NN	My resort has one of the best in town . "
tr	NN	Song stood patiently , waiting for her friend to finish .
tr	NN	We can 't pass up a chance like this , " the sheriff responded .
tr	NNS	Arched tunnels , carved out of the natural stone , spread outward in multiple directions , dimly lit by bare bulbs strung above .
tr	NN	My leader is an angel and our cause ordained by the heavens . "
tr	NNS	The creatures were not over four feet high .
tr	NN	Now my backup was an unpredictable werewolf who was prone to making snap judgments and acting on them with maximum force .
tr	NN	A framed , yellowed poster of " Desiderata " hung on the only solid wall .
tr	NNS	Things could get dull .
tr	NN	A thrill shot through her .
tr	NN	" Ground oak bark to keep infection from setting in .
tr	NNS	Alexis put aside some time to speak with him but was in no mood to hear complaints about Xavier .
tr	NN	Two silvery darts shot out from his fingertips to bury themselves unerringly in the zombie 's chest .
tr	NNS	Both pairs of Ben 's sneakers were sitting on top of his blue wooden toy box that doubled as a bench .
tr	NNS	" Yes , although there doesn 't appear to be any other governments left but our two .
tr	NNS	The villagers were filing indoors in a quiet , unhurried fashion as darkness settled .
tr	NN	The audience gasped , crying out in shared ecstasy as well .
tr	NNS	Chapter Four Exhaustion Coffee shop meetings stopped .
tr	NNS	The presses are open and a packet of crisps sits open on the counter .
tr	NNS	Three goblins emerged from one of the doors to his right .
tr	NN	My captain hasn 't heard anything , either , so for now I just have to be cautious . "
tr	NN	There 's always a compromise .
tr	NNS	Flames licked at the ceiling .
tr	NN	The bastard wanted plenty of that trust fund left when she was able to get to it . "
tr	NNS	In addition , there was the media to inform her of what was happening .
tr	NNS	No stakes in my coiffure tonight , either , for they were all easy to reach at my waist .
tr	NN	That damned ugly monstrosity of a house seemed fated to reappear time and again in his life .
tr	NNS	Alexis nodded as Jason walked out .
tr	NN	A boisterous , suggestive chant rose into the air along with a lot of laughter .
tr	NN	' The one he heard the assailant say , ' Love said .
tr	NNS	" Names and addresses of the deceased , " he said .
tr	NN	A little weedy fellow had stayed back , over on the edge of the river bank .
tr	NNS	to the bacon , eggs , and hotcakes steaming and waiting on the table for us , as we stumbled , bleary-eyed , toward the aroma .
tr	NN	There was a definite pattern , at least in the recent killings , of movement northwards .
tr	NNS	Things were a still awkward from when we 'd talked the day before .
tr	NNS	The images flew out of the keys and into her mind .
tr	NN	The quantity and intensity of the puzzle gas grew with each feeding .
tr	NNS	These two aliens I had judged so harshly and fought so incessantly to destroy were becoming my strongest allies .
tr	NNS	So far , the drug deals she 'd witnessed were swift , silent and with as little drama as possible .
tr	NN	A small giggle escaped her mouth and then she looked at me and nodded .
tr	NNS	The solar sails themselves had enough stored charges to operate for forty-eight hours without sun .
tr	NNS	The builders of this foundation chamber had used many irregular stones , carefully fitting them into place with mortar .
tr	NNS	Werewolves were hard to read , but it didn 't take a telepath to know that something was up with Mustapha Khan .
tr	NN	" The inns are compensated , " the mayor said gruffly .
tr	NN	Another inch it would have embedded itself in his forehead .
tr	NN	" Come on , darling , " Sean urged her , holding her as he helped her clear the outskirts of the gathering crowd .
tr	NNS	Hands to be bent and shaped by a leader who they followed blindly .
tr	NNS	both their cruisers had reached their respective planets some time ago .
tr	NNS	The professors were dull and the material was even worse .
tr	NNS	The night shots , though grainy and distant , appeared to show the same man meeting someone at an outdoor café .
tr	NNS	Before she got the chance her instincts screamed at her again .
tr	NN	As I watched , the senator threw his arm around Riley 's shoulders and said something that made Riley laugh .
tr	NN	Duncan 's growls were worse .
tr	NN	The rain hood and jacket inflate around my skull and body floating me over the water when waves crash over my face .
tr	NNS	A mattress lay on the floor , and an ancient TV sat in one corner .
tr	NN	" Your Grandmother has had a bad turn and is asking for you . "
tr	NN	her grandmother asked when Courtney bounced down the stairs .
tr	NN	A life mate is soothing . "
tr	NNS	The clients always paid cash for the sex , and she never received any cash .
tr	NNS	The wisest leaders had the use of the greatest amount of words .
tr	NN	A long , orange extension cord wound its way to the booth from Noel 's house across the lawn .
tr	NN	At the same time her uncle rushed forward , ready to help her .
tr	NN	In the distance , she could hear the call of tribe 's large drums , their beating seemed to coincide with the hammering of her young heart .
tr	NNS	There are some blokes downstairs looking for you .
tr	NN	The wee warrior suffered a sudden death , dropping as fast as any man struck down on the battlefield .
tr	NN	The bastard just had to get in one last spiteful gesture .
tr	NN	The priest was bleeding profusely and as he lay there in front of the house , Laxman fled from the scene .
tr	NNS	The recipes were the same as they 'd been years ago , but the experience wasn 't .
tr	NN	There 's no damage to the production plant or any of the inventory .
tr	NN	The blacksmith took a deep drink of his ale , refusing to give in to the panic that was swiftly turning the villagers into babbling idiots .
tr	NN	Best motor function was four with flexion withdrawal response to pain .
tr	NNS	Folks are starving , and all you can do is hand out credit and pray they 'll get a good crop to repay you . "
tr	NN	The spark from Gemma 's kiss still burns inside me and it gives me comfort in the darkness I 'm still imprisoned in .
tr	NNS	Others who had tried had failed woefully .
tr	NN	My only consolation was that the classroom was a safe place for it to happen despite the animosity between Pari and me .
tr	NN	" There 's banana pudding . "
tr	NNS	Things got so bad that Governor Moody had to declare martial law , and sent a detachment of Texas Rangers to bring some semblance of social order .
tr	NNS	How will the villagers know not to attack him ? "
tr	NN	A trickle of sweat builds on the back of your neck .
tr	NN	The candlelight on the other side of the beads made them glow red , a web of a spider from hell .
tr	NNS	There are many billions of dollars involved .
tr	NNS	The streetlights click on , bathing the Shadows in a filtered yellow glow .
tr	NN	One vendor had offered the bag for all of the books he was buying .
tr	NNS	My sneakers squeaked as we crossed the wood floor back to the sidelines just as the buzzer sounded .
tr	NN	The van executed a clockwise circle , and reversed up to the posts in front of the roller doors .
tr	NNS	" Kids , kids , kids . "
tr	NN	The girl TED went off at a sprint , determination written on her face .
tr	NN	Your seed will become sterile . '
tr	NN	The well-mannered gentleman from one day before was gone , replaced by a bloodthirsty creature intent on revenge .
tr	NN	" Too bad your mate killed him . "
tr	NN	Instead of going in the front , the penitentiary transport flies around back and deposits me at the processing entrance .
tr	NNS	The skills he 'd been taught were as sharp as ever , perhaps better with experience .
tr	NNS	Thoughts along those lines would never happen and thinking them would only make the inevitable breakup more painful .
tr	NN	Love nodded and waved to Geoff who was on duty flashed his ID and ambled over to the lift .
tr	NNS	His cells are invading your DNA and changing it .
tr	NNS	The green globes are brambles . "
tr	NN	A shriek jerks me from my memories .
tr	NNS	The strains of the music rose up and swelled around them , and the irony of the slow , romantic sound wasn 't lost on her .
tr	NN	My honor has been impugned or something . "
tr	NN	His bullet wound stung .
tr	NN	Quite unmistakably the small dark figure waved back .
tr	NN	My pendant grew cool .
tr	NN	Now my Sergeant told me you could point out some lads to us ? '
tr	NNS	The visitors were literally travelling on an alien creature 's back .
tr	NNS	Both cards were about the same size .
tr	NNS	The Officials don 't tolerate trespassing .
tr	NNS	The shadow warriors had not melted away .
tr	NNS	What would their rich clients think about that ?
tr	NN	Love wasn 't a part of marriage .
tr	NN	" The container part of the truck was totally fried and partially melted , " the investigator continued .
tr	NN	" How can a cow do math ? "
tr	NN	The private investigator was tired and frustrated .
tr	NNS	Cassius had always been very protective of those he loved .
tr	NNS	When he came back , there were several nurses with him .
tr	NN	T is an interesting tale you spin , mistress , " Cameron said as he stared at her .
tr	NNS	The spotlights shifted and the island acropolis returned .
tr	NN	The young fellow seemed to be profoundly disturbed by his older sister 's behavior .
tr	NN	The thrill of having them both so terribly teased was enough to bring a sob to her throat .
tr	NNS	The two figures splashed to the ground as their mounts continued to fight .
tr	NN	Today the tip of her tail was touching his toes and her head was almost level with his .
tr	NN	The smells intertwine into an irresistible aroma .
tr	NNS	The clients never would have used women 's lingerie to hide the cargo .
tr	NNS	No more meetings above ground ; take normal lunch breaks and contact me only in an emergency . '
tr	NN	Slightly younger than the first , but dressed just as elegantly , the fellow bellowed curses into the air and madly waived his fist .
tr	NN	The normal folk here cared about one another .
tr	NNS	The five creatures retreated into the darkness .
tr	NNS	Our satellite cameras show total obliteration of the Compound . "
tr	NN	A whirlwind was right , but it hadn 't been much of a courtship .
tr	NNS	' The teachers were the ones with the attitude .
tr	NN	His austere visage was slack and his eyes widened ever so slightly .
tr	NN	The teacher is a little incredulous at first , but once he sees the fear in Tam 's eyes he agree that we can go .
tr	NN	The spawn , thinking her an easy target , shifted as one and went after her .
tr	NN	Attacked by a dog the suspect has in his possession .
tr	NNS	" But salsa pancakes are appetizing ? "
tr	NNS	The tentacles ' thumps eased , too , behind them , and Jason wondered whether the creature might be waiting for something .
tr	NN	In the silence after she was gone , Jazz went over all the ways that she 'd just totally screwed up her life .
tr	NNS	the ladies replied , once again in unison .
tr	NNS	Another few inches and my weight would pull me to the ground .
tr	NNS	But the contents of the page mystify me : it is a list of names .
tr	NN	That same instinct could kill them now .
tr	NNS	There were some monumental headaches the following morning , however .
tr	NN	Reaching out with one hand , the dark elf flicked his fingers once and then clenched .
tr	NN	And then , a miracle happened .
tr	NNS	Skinny little dancers like her can pull off a grand ball but 8 shows a week is a different matter .
tr	NN	" How is the surveillance going ? "
tr	NNS	There were no signs of il ness .
tr	NN	The stairwell was clear , but the stink of rot told him that there were bodies lying behind the door to the second floor hallway .
tr	NN	What 's the damage this morning ? "
tr	NNS	Why did our patrols fail to detect the hostile ship ?
tr	NN	This observation wouldn 't be too far off the mark either .
tr	NNS	Her fellow passengers on the beach started to wave and laugh .
tr	NNS	Hands wrap around my arms and shoulders and chest , forming a cage of flesh and bone , but I keep straining toward her .
tr	NN	A puff of breeze came off the sea .
tr	NNS	Girls and guys were dancing , kissing or clinging to them .
tr	NNS	A few drops of poisoned rain stirred the leaves around them .
tr	NNS	" The Texan authorities will be looking into it soon . "
tr	NNS	The other members of the Group of Five assembled and were jammed below the table .
tr	NN	A fresh stench of cigarette smoke clouded the room .
tr	NNS	Two zombies stood at the entrance of her bedroom .
tr	NNS	The sirens were coming , winding together , just like those unraveling sounds he heard in Mendocino .
tr	NNS	What are the chances of being framed for a crime like that ? "
tr	NNS	The mothers had watched the others survive the horror .
tr	NNS	Crazed creatures and deranged dead were beyond belief for any sane person to accept .
tr	NN	There was no pretense of cordiality .
tr	NNS	" If she called from the States , chances are she 'll show herself soon .
tr	NN	His uncle was sitting next to him .
tr	NNS	There were recent newspapers by the living room hearth .
tr	NN	Gravely the white owl returned her a stiff little bow .
tr	NNS	The kisses gave her goose bumps and butterflies that took off in every direction .
tr	NNS	" Half cousins , " he said .
tr	NNS	Shouts echoed down the hall , bouncing off of the tiled floors and cement walls .
tr	NNS	Sirens , screams , and the rattle of gunfire filled the air .
tr	NN	" A cup of coffee would be excellent , " the chaos said .
tr	NNS	Some eager passengers started up the hill at a run , but soon dropped to a jog and then a walk .
tr	NN	But dread had taken root when he 'd realized Roxanne had revealed the essence of her self to Jalal but not him .
tr	NN	The flashlight was surprisingly lightweight , with a rubberized coating .
tr	NN	Behind that was a page with Sutton 's e-mail and Facebook passwords .
tr	NN	The frightened six-year-old looked to Barnabas for protection , but the fight promoter just ignored the aggression of the other children .
tr	NNS	There were also three tunnels , and I had the sense that the weapon was down one of them . "
tr	NN	Yellow crime scene tape stands out pretty well amid the swaying grass and cypress trees .
tr	NNS	Did his ancestors feel the same kind of fear he did as they trudged over the prairie alone ?
tr	NNS	Besides , only the six siblings can disappear and reappear in another place .
tr	NN	But like I said , there 's a limit to how much I can tell you .
tr	NNS	" With the difference being that my actions were calculated and private .
tr	NN	I real y don 't know how to say this , but there is some ... evidence that the avalanche wasn 't an accident . "
tr	NNS	Red lands solidly on a dusty metal deck , his knees bending slightly .
tr	NN	The environment was favorable .
tr	NN	The teacher had only told Sawyer that I could work on one project while I was gone , and hand it in when I got back .
tr	NNS	" Sebastian 's promises mean nothing . "
tr	NN	" First , let me offer our deepest sympathy for the untimely death of your husband and also Cathy 's traumatic surgery , " the principal continued .
tr	NN	' My driver 's inclination was to spare the girl and go crashing into the statue , shattering the delicate masonry .
tr	NNS	Tiny flakes of snow swirled through the crowd .
tr	NNS	The other shoppers began approaching .
tr	NN	The duke , in his turn , seemed taken aback .
tr	NN	But with lightning speed , the man towering over him removed the knife from his grip and held it against his throat .
tr	NNS	Questions nagged at the Director as well , taking their yammering toll , waking him again and again , exhausted , soaked in sweat , crying out .
tr	NN	Her whole personality was sweet as sugar .
tr	NNS	The drinks I 'd shared with Elliot the night before to forget about Kathy Carter and Cyrus had done nothing to stop the whispers in my dreams .
tr	NNS	Bottles rubbed his eyes .
tr	NN	A giggle slips through my lips and I 'm amazed how much better I feel just from talking to him .
tr	NNS	The fairies followed the sound of triumphant fanfare as they lead the heartsick human girl to the palace .
tr	NNS	More riddles , perhaps lies .
tr	NNS	All the characters and events portrayed in this book are fictional , and any resemblance to real people or incidents is purely coincidental .
tr	NN	As he spoke , a fine sheen of sweat broke out across his upper lip and he swiped at his forehead with the back of his hand .
tr	NNS	All around , the flashlights danced over shadows and revealed greater threats than old markers on the ground .
tr	NN	There was a deep haze over the water , and the skies were gunmetal gray .
tr	NN	Upon seeing the gendarmes , the mob screamed even louder .
tr	NN	The razor tip sliced through the underneath of her left arm as she lowered her dagger a fraction of a second too late .
tr	NNS	" The winds are now acceptable .
tr	NNS	The wall paintings appeared in the darkness .
tr	NNS	The fireworks burst once more around her , into her , flashing red and white .
tr	NN	In the midst of this pictorial display was an urn .
tr	NN	The caller ID read BLOCKED .
tr	NNS	' Can you three ladies keep a secret ? '
tr	NN	A vacation was due , and I was entertaining the thought of taking my car on an extended tour of Oregon .
tr	NNS	Two holographic cylinders suddenly materialized on either side of the stage .
tr	NN	The divorce is through . "
tr	NNS	She was born in Alexandria , went to live outside of Argentina with her parents and two siblings , Alisha and Celeste .
tr	NN	A pool of blood lay before her and inside it laid her pup , her fur shredded .
tr	NN	The agent looked uncomfortable again .
tr	NNS	" Cars don 't explode on impact . "
tr	NN	What is the closest airport ? "
tr	NNS	The screens with videos and images of Day vanish , leaving me strangely disappointed .
tr	NNS	The ladies stared up at him , some smirking in disagreement , others in surprise .
tr	NN	The damp wool of his clothing held in the heat of his body , while his slicker kept off the chilling wind .
tr	NN	No wonder Jewel didn 't want me harmed .
tr	NN	His warm chuckle made me even more nervous .
tr	NN	But before I could toss them out one by one , a tremor shook the ground , followed by a loud hum .
tr	NN	" Not openly , but the Empire doesn 't have to work openly .
tr	NNS	" Naw , " then , I eat .
tr	NN	A pickle slice had fallen from his sandwich and he picked it up and carefully tucked it back in .
tr	NNS	Something momentous had just happened in front of their eyes .
tr	NNS	My colleagues were a competitive bunch , and there were only a few that I really missed working with . "
tr	NN	" This owl was saving my life from a someone better described as a monster more than a human being ! "
tr	NN	The combat teacher whooped in excitement .
tr	NNS	Two roads were close to the location , but without seeing it for myself , I wouldn 't know which was the right one .
tr	NN	There isn 't any fiction and the one non-fiction section that could be interesting doesn 't really contain anything about this mountain that 's useful .
tr	NN	Rather than flee , the knight charged forward under the ogre 's guard , gouging its flesh with a swing of his axe .
tr	NN	An old edition , " he said , turning it over .
tr	NN	Ferry had seemed sly and vindictive , consumed by unresolved hostilities .
tr	NNS	Local legends said that the Exiles had traveled across the bridge in Randor 's Pass when they were cast from the world .
tr	NNS	Things like birthdays are important to women . "
tr	NN	" Maybe , but his lack of scent will alert the Ravens long before he can get to the babe . "
tr	NN	The mud factor was tolerable in the areas torn up from air attacks .
tr	NNS	" There were cases of the stuff in the stock room of the market .
tr	NNS	Things have changed here .
tr	NNS	Them costumes are something else . "
tr	NNS	The floors , which could at least have been swept smooth and laid with rushes , were simply mud .
tr	NNS	Things like that just didn 't happen .
tr	NN	His deep chuckle made her skin tingle despite the awful pain throbbing along every bone in her body .
tr	NNS	The questioning figures were only partly visible .
tr	NNS	My Dad 's clients were always trying to get me drunk when they came over . "
tr	NN	The kitten let out a muffled meow that seemed to say , Hell , yes .
tr	NNS	Respected members of the Great Council , former colleagues of mine ... " " You were a member of the Sanhedrin ? "
tr	NN	History had shown he was usually right .
tr	NNS	The officers ' quarters could have been any military " home . "
tr	NNS	" What are your instincts telling you , Mia ? "
tr	NN	The majority of Christians worship Jesus as the incarnation of God the Son , and the Second Person of the Holy Trinity .
tr	NN	His reputation as a good man has been the only thing she 's had to cling to .
tr	NNS	" The ladies are in the atrium , gentlemen , if you will follow me . "
tr	NNS	The werewolves glanced at one another and evidently didn 't take me seriously because they smirked and crept toward me .
tr	NN	Dear Wedding Dress Blues : Only your dry cleaner can get the stain out .
tr	NN	A high-pitched roar , similar to what he 'd heard outside , only a bit louder now , suddenly echoed inside his head .
tr	NN	The werewolf came up covered in mud and spitting mad .
tr	NN	A creak of the door interrupted them as their heads swiveled to the entrance .
tr	NN	" If you attack me without provocation , the Assembly will revoke your House 's access to our services .
tr	NN	Part of me loves seeing her happy .
tr	NN	We have been in the car for four days straight , your madness is contagious . "
tr	NN	Her eyes were wide and wild , her mouth partial y open in a toothy , hungry grin .
tr	NN	The sergeant stamped some life into his legs , took a few breaths of fresh air , and walked back to the ladder .
tr	NNS	Really great moral teachers never do introduce new moralities : it is quacks and cranks who do that .
tr	NNS	His companions were leaving him .
tr	NN	There 's still progress .
tr	NN	Suddenly , the squad leader stops and puts his fist up , halting the group .
tr	NN	Now , with thoughts of Cassie on his mind , the hunger sparked to life with a vengeance .
tr	NN	The rug was out of place , imported from a foreign bazaar and gorgeous .
tr	NN	Kadie repeated , her unease ratcheting up a notch .
tr	NN	And that great British standby -- the weather -- which even Eddy Gilbert got to experience , to a limited extent .
tr	NN	Since he was looking from the darkness into the light , the colorful tapestry was almost transparent , affording him a good view of the roomy hall .
tr	NNS	Winter finals were a breeze , and before I knew it , it was Friday , the day before our trip to Mexico .
tr	NN	All the kindness he 'd shown her .
tr	NNS	The healers were preparing for an early birth , perhaps even an attempt to take the child should Corinne not survive .
tr	NN	The orgasm hadn 't done much , but at least he didn 't feel like his body was going to rip apart anymore .
tr	NN	What exactly was the old bastard doing ?
tr	NN	Their troops pul ed back , but the Irons pushed forward , the cal for a charge made .
tr	NN	There was sympathy in his gray eyes , but I could tell he didn 't believe me .
tr	NNS	But his images will bear witness to this war long after we are departed . "
tr	NNS	Others wore their own clothing but had plastic aprons and rubber gloves , and plastic hair caps .
tr	NNS	Things went all to hell for us after that .
tr	NNS	Nine Their tongues met and tangled as Lucy Ann angled her mouth over Elliot 's .
tr	NN	" Where 's the deputy ? "
tr	NNS	Marius shook his head , his heavy brow drooping low over his eyes .
tr	NNS	The tunnels formed a corridor which worked in a circular pattern .
tr	NN	" Her wing will mend , " Addison replied , " but without help she won 't turn human again . "
tr	NN	Her pulse quadrupled as she opened the door .
tr	NNS	The defenses I 'd built on top of the scars left by my relationship with my ex became high and heavy over the years .
tr	NNS	Her tits were fake but huge , and would help quench the desire I 'm suddenly having for women with big tits .
tr	NN	A simmer of discomfort arose in his core .
tr	NNS	Myles hadn 't treated Isaac all that well at her house today .
tr	NNS	Adela 's instincts had been right when she felt that something was wrong with this scenario .
tr	NNS	The expressions on the faces of John and Hector 's beleaguered companions were a mix of both disappointment and relief .
tr	NNS	" How far are the rats from us now ? "
tr	NN	His aura was shining a brilliant emerald green .
tr	NNS	Ever since I went to the Mavericks game , the media has been bombarding me with requests for interviews and such .
tr	NNS	Werewolves killed - " Holly wrapped her arms around Duncan and pulled him back from the cell .
tr	NNS	All the materials you want are here in this room .
tr	NN	There were quite a few patrons , despite the hour .
tr	NN	Part of me understood why Tristan had done it , but that didn 't make me feel any less hurt or devastated .
tr	NNS	And there were the creatures like Isaac .
tr	NNS	The telltale signs from before were there , where we 'd discovered his stash of Clarence 's blood and silver supplies .
tr	NN	There was no other explanation for her sudden need to lick him .
tr	NNS	* In Greek and Hebrew tallies , the figures were even farther out .
tr	NN	6 Flight 29 was flying at 36,000 feet , just as Melanie Trevor had told him , on heading 090 .
tr	NNS	" On the other side of the caverns there were some fertile areas by the lakeside .
tr	NN	Even the spark of him was enough to sear her to the bone .
tr	NN	The other option is for Adel to ask to be deported back to Turkey .
tr	NNS	The file cabinets along the back wall held plenty of folders .
tr	NN	When he reached the corner , a soft double cough sounded from that direction .
tr	NNS	The fur traders were all down by the river .
tr	NN	" What does my shrink have to do with this ? "
tr	NNS	Tiny white worms writhed and burrowed , swarming to the cells to reproduce as quickly as possible .
tr	NNS	The two tentacles swung in circles beneath him , searching .
tr	NNS	The edges of our magnetic fields are bumping against each other .
tr	NN	The second bra was more lightweight and had a lace trim across the top .
tr	NNS	Suddenly their footsteps stopped .
tr	NNS	But her natural defenses had come down with a vengeance tonight .
tr	NNS	These mothers obviously did not know that wild chimpanzees caught and ate human infants - something gorillas never did .
tr	NNS	All around me , the members of Black Cross were armed .
tr	NN	Your work schedule isn 't as rigorous as usual .
tr	NNS	Even the teachers seem more lethargic , and the lessons billow rather than strike .
tr	NN	Chance flashed me a grin .
tr	NN	After overhearing the scavengers plan , his first instinct had been to talk to Lucas .
tr	NNS	Over and over , the tentacles let me rise up just long enough to draw in precious oxygen .
tr	NNS	The gates were still under repair , but they too were long forgotten by most .
tr	NNS	Words like ' grief ' , heartache ' , and ' rejection ' rolled off my back and onto the warm floor .
tr	NN	Her aura , I saw , was bluish and yellow , which told me she was a woman very much at peace with herself .
tr	NN	A loud crash sounded from overhead , immediately followed by a distressed wail .
tr	NNS	Looks like it 's ... " She frowned at the chart .
tr	NNS	At the end of the tunnel was a grate the iron bars were rusting , but thick as my arm .
tr	NN	If the former , this Assembly must do what it has never done before and remove the Sovereign .
tr	NNS	She 'd made deliveries , contacted buyers , established new connections and so on .
tr	NN	Your libido isn 't strong enough without an aphrodisiac ? "
tr	NN	His eyes sparked , a bright gleam came into them as he seemed to pick up on the direction of her thoughts .
tr	NNS	A dozen or so little goblin creatures screeched and chattered to one another in an incomprehensible language .
tr	NNS	" Where are the scones ? "
tr	NNS	The teachers and the parents have asked me to tell them what would be a suitable gift for you when you retire this summer .
tr	NN	Nausea rolled in her belly .
tr	NN	Her spine arched right there for him to see , curved in such a submissive pose .
tr	NNS	" The servants were not quite as thorough in cleaning his rooms as they thought . "
tr	NN	" Accidents - irritant matter in the food bath , a radiation shield left down for - " " Human error , not OMC error ! "
tr	NNS	The next few shots bounced harmlessly off into outer space .
tr	NNS	The tests begin tomorrow , and you must be briefed with the others in about an hour .
tr	NN	" So why no powder round the entry point ? "
tr	NN	Again , there was no hesitation , only a growing irritation in her eyes that he was stalling .
tr	NN	Love drunk and filled with joy beyond description Taylor had to swallow hard a few times before he could speak .
tr	NNS	Hands grasped her head , pinning it still to the cushions beneath .
tr	NNS	My ceilings weren 't especially low ; in fact , they were a standard height , but at that moment my unit felt like a toy house .
tr	NNS	Tris and I both shake our heads .
tr	NNS	" The addresses of my wife and Mr. Scrooge 's nephew and a note of introduction .
tr	NN	The Visio diagram was open on his desktop and he looked it over once again , thinking about how he should investigate the network .
tr	NN	Part of the draw of Shelby is its graveyard , perfect for calling on demons .
tr	NN	The sergeant took a look at the dead German .
tr	NNS	He was right , sandals would have been murder on a climb like that .
tr	NN	The pilot pushed him away .
tr	NNS	" Others paid the price . "
tr	NNS	Had aliens swooped in when she wasn 't looking and replaced him with a pod person from outer space ?
tr	NNS	The high peaks spanned the whole land as far as our eyes could see , circling around the dark forest until the mist clouded their never-ending trail .
tr	NNS	The members of his family have voluntarily served Aidan Savage for hundreds of years .
tr	NN	The pub was a small , crowded affair with people sitting around tables , or standing around in groups talking .
tr	NN	The bright sunshine hurt my eyes .
tr	NN	The sheriff kept them talking for hours , then locked them in the cell in the back .
tr	NNS	The drugs must be wearing off . "
tr	NN	The priest remembered it vividly .
tr	NNS	" And if there are no deaths ? "
tr	NN	The audience enters to a lobby covered in advertisements for all of the various products listed below .
tr	NNS	" The nurses had a question on the order and didn 't administer it .
tr	NN	" Your name is God Will Overcome , " said the once beautiful angel now wretched in exile .
tr	NNS	Guns and soldiers are important , but a successful revolution relies on information .
tr	NN	Wicked intent gleamed in his eyes .
tr	NN	The majority of the vamps in this city haven 't left in decades .
tr	NNS	My classes don 't start until next week .
tr	NN	The deed that is the topic of discussion here was my first and only such activity .
tr	NNS	" The orbital defenses challenge the craft , which then transmits a passcode by means of a House crest .
tr	NN	a knight asked , kneeling down to the level of the king .
tr	NNS	The tickets are expensive though .
tr	NNS	The whispers die away .
tr	NN	There was a slight tremor in her voice .
tr	NNS	The two passengers dissolved into a drunken giggle , and the driver glanced over at them and smiled .
tr	NNS	Then the members of the Council entered .
tr	NNS	Blond strands of hair fell free from her loose braid and framed her face before she tucked them behind one ear .
tr	NN	A boom like thunder sounded between us , and Mr. Creepy went flying backwards into the metal gates .
tr	NNS	His movements were fluid , smooth , not the jerky pain from before .
tr	NNS	There are no servants and none are at ease through the labor of others .
tr	NN	Song slowed and turned toward Echo .
tr	NN	The chant mingled with the cries of " Azim ! "
tr	NNS	There were so many possibilities that I wasn 't sure where to start .
tr	NNS	The nuns remained silent as Ashleigh paced purposefully beside them .
tr	NN	This tense courtship looks nothing like racing .
tr	NNS	The first signs of changes in her body were starting to manifest themselves .
tr	NNS	Things you remembered anyway .
tr	NN	The leader of the demons dramatically walked up to me , held his clawed hand out , grabbed me by the shirt , and lifted me up .
tr	NNS	Their cameras never stopped snapping .
tr	NN	This treatment will do wonders . "
tr	NNS	Aye , the kisses had excited her as well .
tr	NN	There is a celebration to be had ! '
tr	NN	Our lack of sleep was of no help either .
tr	NN	The next one 's pretty dose , master , so I should keep them down low if I was you . '
tr	NN	The outer rim , where the capsules are attached to , is a crisscross of numerous steel beams .
tr	NN	Part of me expected gunshots to follow my path , but either no one in the sky saw me , or they didn 't care .
tr	NN	There was another thud followed by something slowly rising over the railing .
tr	NNS	That to one side , it would be wise to bear in mind there were other motives for murder besides political ones .
tr	NNS	Things should have been different for her .
tr	NN	Then , suddenly while all were posed in the hot , dry Valley of Megiddo , there was a blink .
tr	NN	The cable must have snapped .
tr	NNS	The hills were probably part of someone 's farm ; barns dotted the landscape in the twilight .
tr	NNS	Others shouted their agreement .
tr	NNS	The warm chips and salsa were already there .
tr	NNS	My instincts urged me to leap on him like I would on one of the wolves , growl over his neck and make him submit .
tr	NN	The jagged parapet could not have been any more perfect to her had it been designed this way .
tr	NNS	The aft seats , part of the trunk lid , were now high above the bridge .
tr	NNS	Beneath the locks , two pairs of eyes , thick and brown like a wolf 's , peered out .
tr	NN	" Yeah , " said Gypsy .
tr	NNS	" Classes start again in two weeks . "
tr	NNS	The cards went around again .
tr	NNS	The rims on the giant tires were chrome , and I actually caught a reflection of myself in the front tire .
tr	NNS	My grandparents were deep in conversation with Darren , but I caught my grandfather 's eye and nodded toward Mom .
tr	NNS	" Usually , pepperoni , " Geoff chimed in .
tr	NN	The siren followed , shoved him roughly to the hardwood floor .
tr	NNS	Sure enough , the demon 's bigger , uglier twin was right there behind her , its bright eyes flaring with hunger .
tr	NNS	The possibilities shifted around in his mind .
tr	NNS	The runes glowed then disappeared .
tr	NNS	Barnabas shouted , and my jaw dropped when he shook his shirt and brought out a short hand scythe , twin to Seth 's .
tr	NN	The sweet sweep of her tongue teased his senses along with the scent of the flower in her hair .
tr	NNS	Just as I reached the place where the dirt path fanned out into the stone precipice , the first drops broke through and splattered on my face .
tr	NNS	Did the riddles she solved leave room for me in her life ?
tr	NNS	" Physical cues do exist but they vary a lot from one individual to another .
tr	NNS	" And both processes leave blackened hands . "
tr	NN	" The veterinarian we took her to said she is going to have puppies . "
tr	NNS	Computer screens sat on every desk .
tr	NNS	And then I spot Vel , clinging to the side about halfway down , his claws dug into the soft , crumbling stone .
tr	NN	" The dragon is on our side this time and so is the Source . "
tr	NN	Part of it was she didn 't want him to see her as she really was .
tr	NNS	' Do the authorities in the USA want you for anything ?
tr	NN	A blush touches my cheeks and I 'm thankful it 's dark .
tr	NNS	Our tests are complete and we are going to move ahead with the procedure tomorrow . "
tr	NN	The deputy crossed his arms over his broad stomach and talked quietly to Randy , all the while keeping his gaze on me .
tr	NNS	Black raindrops fell amidst spurts of bright , giant flames of fire .
tr	NNS	Dogs usually bond with one of their owners and that happens to be me , but you got your use out of him -- all your dates .
tr	NNS	The movements became more purposeful and hands began to clutch and pull closer to the living men .
tr	NNS	His front paws sank into wet mud and water lapped around them .
tr	NNS	On the floor beside the mattress are a spoon and a needle , but I don 't go for them .
tr	NN	History repeated itself ... always .
tr	NNS	His fingernails moved aimlessly on the table , which had not been returned to its wall recess .
tr	NNS	The aliens would take him back to their strange , terrible caverns .
tr	NNS	The emptiness in his voice is killing me , and I 'm not sure I can keep this up much longer .
tr	NNS	As faces rose to see , thousands of stars fell shrieking to the earth .
tr	NNS	All past and future histories point to him being the cause of destruction of the human race - and of the known civilization .
tr	NN	Then the fur receded and she recognized him .
tr	NNS	German rockets exploded all around us at high altitude , the shock waves shaking the plane .
tr	NN	The adrenaline pulsed through my veins .
tr	NNS	" All wolves feel related in some way .
tr	NNS	Things to get done .
tr	NN	" What 's the timetable ? "
tr	NNS	Kids floating to class because the holiday break is a few days away .
tr	NN	Beat by beat , all her resolve melted until she leaned into him and rested her head lightly on his right shoulder .
tr	NNS	There was a bottle of champagne and even rose petals . "
tr	NN	Around the neck was a clean slice like a giant smile .
tr	NNS	Her footsteps didn 't follow his .
tr	NNS	Lesser immortals carry that weakness over from their human days , and you 're one of the worst .
tr	NN	" I 'll go see if I can move her , " the knight with the axe said .
tr	NNS	Five Alzheimer 's research centers have announced that they 've found a cure for Alzheimer 's , and it has the media buzzing .
tr	NNS	" There 's a million possibilities - places either one of us could be in just a few minutes if there 's a need . "
tr	NN	His passion quickly overcame him however , and he grabbed my neck , pulling me in for a deep kiss .
tr	NN	My angel slaps me across the face hard and I blink .
tr	NN	" For if memory is the wave that buoys our grief , haunting is the undertow that drags us to its troubled source .
tr	NN	The barkeep set another glass down on top of the stack .
tr	NN	' cos of the bit in the paper , sir . '
tr	NN	The intruder must have thought that stealth wasn 't needed despite the fact that two experienced criminals were sitting inside the room he was going into .
tr	NNS	Lots of folks visit relatives in the south this time of year .
tr	NNS	" Colder areas , " Julian muttered as he scowled at the window .
tr	NN	What is your ultimate goal ?
tr	NNS	The room shudders and I throw my hands against the walls to steady myself .
tr	NN	Just as he drew me into his arms for a deeper kiss , a low drawl interrupted the moment .
tr	NN	As if on cue , the offensive racket stopped and silence filled the void .
tr	NN	Cassandra shifted in her chair , a grimace crossed her face at the mention of her brother .
tr	NNS	" Ashu , media is not a job as yours and mine .
tr	NNS	His mind skills are fierce .
tr	NNS	Elias rushed to her side as Leah steadied her woozy head and concentrated one last time .
tr	NN	For fifteen minutes the reel would run for a few seconds and then break the continuance .
tr	NN	With a bit of polish this option could still allow you to emerge from the shit swamp smelling of pure English roses .
tr	NN	The gangster motioned in Vigneault 's direction before speaking .
tr	NN	" The transport went all right .
tr	NN	His life mate will have to be one of his own kind . "
tr	NN	How 's your vacation ? "
tr	NNS	Some scholars hypothesized that perhaps some oracular cult had survived the temple 's destruction and that they 'd stolen the stone for their secret temple .
tr	NNS	When I open my eyes and meet his gaze , his pupils are so massive only a ring of silver remains in his eyes .
tr	NN	" Happy birthday , " they would yell and the smell of fresh cake would fill the room .
tr	NN	The ship 's captain called for them to cast off .
tr	NN	A tiny dimple appeared in her chin when she spoke and I wondered if more would appear when she smiled .
tr	NNS	No matter how much I tried to crush it into dust , the pendant remained intact , its rough edges ancient , but never broken .
tr	NN	Old wisdom says , nothing external to you actually exists and what you internalize is the only reality .
tr	NN	Every instinct urged him to flee , to get away from the cold rage and madness spiraling up from the depths .
tr	NN	His neighbor was still comatose , so there wasn 't much to do .
tr	NNS	The raids , for instance , were becoming surprisingly easy .
tr	NNS	The lesser legal members of the team let out gasps .
tr	NN	Why would a tourist walk purposefully around , unaccompanied , staring over walls and scrutinizing side alleys ?
tr	NN	There 's a retinal scanner above her office door , top right corner , just like there is above this one .
tr	NNS	' The cloud effects at dawn were particularly effective . '
tr	NN	The drag of him against her flesh was exquisite .
tr	NN	My stepmother is white , and she has blue eyes .
tr	NNS	The possibilities were endless .
tr	NN	His first goal was to get to the road before it got too dark .
tr	NN	Every review increases the chances that other readers will discover this novel and influences what I write in the future .
tr	NN	A flutter of relief and nervous excitement bubbled up inside me , eclipsing any fear I felt .
tr	NNS	At the other end of town sirens screamed .
tr	NNS	There were endless possibilities , but she discarded them one by one .
tr	NNS	" Things didn 't go as well as you 'd hoped with your suppliers ? "
tr	NNS	Huge spotlights drenched every inch of our little pocket of grass .
tr	NNS	The werewolves had chosen a different path .
tr	NN	A snort of laughter erupted .
tr	NN	She took a long drink of tea , its acid taste suiting her mood .
tr	NNS	The consequences could be -- " " Funny , " said Walt .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared as a tiny muscle in his jaw pulsed tightly .
tr	NN	No glint of metal or other indication of men appeared , other than their trampling footprints .
tr	NNS	But there were still five dwarves hanging at the end of the branch when the spiders began to come back , more full of rage than ever .
tr	NNS	Cadmus looked only slightly worse for the wear as he swept in and pulled me into his arms .
tr	NNS	The seas were calm beneath the boat and our path was clear .
tr	NNS	Luna 's resources were dwindling faster than ever , just as the reports had said they would .
tr	NN	A high school English teacher fit in her life .
tr	NNS	The best warriors always undertake killing with a sense of foreboding .
tr	NNS	There were numerous small streams and pools , and while he was hungry , he didn 't starve .
tr	NNS	The apartments creaked - the sounds of the ancient House settling and adjusting as the wind fought it outside .
tr	NNS	Gramps grabs his pole , hooks his bait , and casts out onto the water .
tr	NNS	No ... no chances on anything bad happening to the babies , Karen thought grimly , then berated herself for the thought .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , my siblings don 't leave their kids with us often enough . "
tr	NNS	The cloaked figures moved as one , bowing in response .
tr	NN	The blue tie went around my neck like a noose , tight and snug , underneath the tailored black jacket .
tr	NN	The knight gently lowered her to the stone bench which sat to one side .
tr	NNS	Chills ran down her spine .
tr	NN	Her consolation was that when she was laid bare , he willingly opened himself to her in return .
tr	NNS	Why didn 't the wolves realize what was happening ?
tr	NNS	Cassius ignored the calling of his arms to rush and sweep her into them .
tr	NN	The frail light shone sallow over her and the sweat broke over her crown .
tr	NN	The caller had been her sister , which meant a long conversation .
tr	NNS	The medical supplies of an Ares mission have enough morphine to be lethal . "
tr	NN	Its tail wags twice , as if it knows what I 'm saying .
tr	NNS	How many deaths , obliviously reported as crimes and accidents , were really due to their thirst ?
tr	NNS	His eyelids fell helplessly and he groaned , still and hard and in her .
tr	NN	" A literary agent in New York now represents me . "
tr	NN	Part of her wanted to turn around and kiss him senseless ; another part wanted to punch him in the mouth .
tr	NN	Alex 's chuckle deepened .
tr	NN	Thinking of my parents saddened me .
tr	NNS	Not all sirens do it .
tr	NN	The sway of the cramped carriage caused her eyes to grow drowsy .
tr	NN	Each stroke of his hand made it harder to walk because the lust whipping in my belly was getting impatient .
tr	NN	His lucky tie , he 'd called it .
tr	NNS	" Why would the immortals want to kill the elves otherwise ? "
tr	NNS	Your ancestors have failed all these years .
tr	NN	A grandmother always loved her grandchildren in a way she never could her own children .
tr	NNS	There were no easy gaps which my sword could exploit with a killing thrust .
tr	NNS	Kid , the vamps generally stay out of human affairs .
tr	NN	I 'd only been on a boat once before , a ferry cruise for sightseeing with my dad .
tr	NNS	Makes me want to hang up , but at the same time push the conversation further .
tr	NN	The colonel begins : " Within a few days we will reach everywhere and with a bit of luck we will have a cure . "
tr	NN	The moment Pendleton had arrived at work , Beatrice told him Mr. McClellan , Sr. was demanding his presence in his office .
tr	NNS	Diggs tried to revive him .
tr	NN	Their goal is for us to become a part of their alliance .
tr	NN	The receptionist was silent .
tr	NNS	But there were only a few strands of gray in the remaining hair .
tr	NN	" I can 't stress how important this is , " the teacher continued .
tr	NNS	27 HE WAS STILL FEELING GOOD TWENTY MINUTES LATER WHEN they went downstairs for breakfast .
tr	NNS	Old movie posters cover his walls .
tr	NNS	The monitors continued their steady beeping as my confession poured right out .
tr	NNS	Soldiers don 't move around in the dark very much . "
tr	NNS	Like one of my mom 's oil paintings in the basement .
tr	NN	A black design like an eye across the back of his hand .
tr	NNS	There were no signs that she had been smashed by the pile of rocks and rubble .
tr	NN	That YouTube video he 'd watched about how to open a padlock with a beer can .
tr	NN	The mortal took her badge and ran it through a scanner to record their entry time .
tr	NNS	Things had begun to look promising , too .
tr	NNS	The elevators were stainless steel outside and more black inside , and Violet rode shoulder to shoulder with people dressed in more black and gray .
tr	NN	" But the divorce became final the day before my fifth birthday .
tr	NN	Part of it was her own shyness .
tr	NN	That blush on your sweet cheek , wreaked immediate havoc upon my heart .
tr	NNS	The guard 's footsteps sounded outside , and Jenny stood up , a polite , even conciliatory , smile fixed on her face .
tr	NN	There was a pot of tea and a plate of sandwiches on the table beside the bed , and she helped herself to it grateful y .
tr	NN	Her grandfather 's weakness had been his pride .
tr	NNS	My companions reiterated my compliments , and the larger man again waved dismissively .
tr	NNS	There were no signs of the disease but he did have quite an appetite for some reason .
tr	NN	The wildly beating pulse at her neck contradicted her words .
tr	NN	" The damage wrought by these aggressive XNA species being set loose upon our established ecosystems would be incalculable . "
tr	NN	Both the parrot and the kitten were in good health .
tr	NN	A rustle in the underbrush drew her attention .
tr	NN	The rich , dark coffee odour was thick in the air .
tr	NN	" Bit thin for an adventurer , aren 't you ?
tr	NN	The only option was to run .
tr	NN	" Your assessment sounded solid to me . "
tr	NNS	Engaged couples do . "
tr	NNS	The powerful electric motors barely paused .
tr	NNS	The flakes became smaller and eventually were more sporadic as we walked in silence .
tr	NN	But the lapse in memory was a symptom of a deeper disturbance .
tr	NNS	Sara 's cop instincts kicked in , and she pulled over , just in front of the woman and her vehicle .
tr	NN	In a right-handed person , the so-called rational function operates mainly from the left hemisphere of the cerebral cortex .
tr	NN	A herald announced the arrival of her guests , Hans and his wife Elaina , Carlos , and Felix .
tr	NN	Each glide layered pleasure upon pleasure , burying her under an avalanche .
tr	NNS	And Belgian traitors were only too eager to help the Germans .
tr	NNS	I rubbed my fist along the length as his hands slid around to my back , his thumbs dipping into my waistband .
tr	NNS	Others suffered wounds that looked as though they were cut open by a giant grizzly bear .
tr	NN	" Where are such folk to be found ? "
tr	NNS	On the other hand , there were millions of demons from all over the world .
tr	NNS	Myles said distractedly , scanning the road behind her as he spoke .
tr	NNS	Backward , then forward , the gears and cogs of her internal time piece grinding and jamming .
tr	NNS	The Fae warriors ran out of arrows and attacked with swords .
tr	NNS	Her instincts shouted something was wrong here .
tr	NNS	Countless items , once treasured , sat in weary abandonment .
tr	NNS	My quarters were on the second floor , where the theatre space had been turned into a kennel .
tr	NNS	In fact , he was probably harder on himself than anyone else , his teachers or coaches included .
tr	NN	" Basic assembly begins with the bacteria .
tr	NNS	Others were swarming onto their backs swiftly .
tr	NN	Then a snort that made him twitch , followed by satisfied silence .
tr	NN	When I jokingly check the price tag , a moth flutters out from the sleeve .
tr	NNS	Reyes blinked open his eyes .
tr	NNS	" With pleasure , Your Highness , " she says to Enzo .
tr	NNS	Falling madly , deeply , and ceaselessly with abandon was a new emotion for me .
tr	NNS	Otherwise , millions of other people would be here with me . "
tr	NNS	And of course , the hotels are the winners in the end .
tr	NNS	Two goblins with shoulders as wide as a door appeared from an inconspicuous nook dressed in evening attire .
tr	NNS	The contents of the first envelope included copies of a memorandum and articles of association for a company called Medford .
tr	NN	No lightning strike . "
tr	NNS	The roads were swampy and bumpy .
tr	NN	Eve 's apron hit the counter , and she ducked under the barrier to join Claire on the other side .
tr	NNS	Those two ladies saw me ! '
tr	NNS	Our grumbling bellies broke us apart .
tr	NN	The warrior had raided helpless villages , slaughtered innocent people , and taken what did not belong to him .
tr	NNS	" Two Guardians stand a better chance of receiving the signal than one .
tr	NN	The priest closed the door , and then shook his head , sad .
tr	NN	Beneath them , the grooves began to glow in an otherworldly bluish green .
tr	NNS	Matching blades lay on the stone floor or in other bony grips .
tr	NNS	The winds had stirred a great darkness around them .
tr	NN	I am Kane your Lord and Master , and it was I who brought this destruction on your people , " the newcomer said .
tr	NN	My uncle and aunt were wealthy , so I knew about money , but I 'd never had any .
tr	NNS	Dark figures with soft edges gathered around him .
tr	NNS	The prayers had words and varying intensity , but I couldn 't make out what they said .
tr	NNS	But there were no airplanes anywhere , nor any evidence of a landing strip .
tr	NN	' The Bull is one man responsible for the subjugation of thousands .
tr	NNS	The murders were all anyone talked about on Monday morning .
tr	NN	" There 's no bacon here , silly . "
tr	NNS	Things are getting worse . "
tr	NN	The captain rushed out the door , obviously eager for face time with a colonel .
tr	NNS	Americans , who had watched their incomes shrink over the years , were quick to jump on the housing bandwagon .
tr	NNS	The family members slid into the front row and waited for the music to stop .
tr	NN	A good attorney could probably get me off with probation and a little community service . "
tr	NN	" Ok , let 's go up . "
tr	NNS	" Our initial attempts to extract any DNA failed .
tr	NNS	Nerves rattled through Julie 's body and she knew she was in big trouble .
tr	NNS	" Things have been a bit crazy around here .
tr	NN	But the goddess wanted her back and that 's all he needed to know .
tr	NN	How strong was their barricade ?
tr	NNS	Thoughts swirled in my head and refused to retreat until they found expression .
tr	NNS	The teachers won by a score of 1-0 , but according to Conrad , it was only because they 'd cheated .
tr	NN	" Your grandma brought her specialist over .
tr	NN	A medic came in with a listening device and pressed it to her chest and sides .
tr	NN	The rogue would pay for touching her .
tr	NN	For the release of Lael from the pendant 's power . "
tr	NNS	" It is nice to have them home mother , " the mothers declare also to the statue .
tr	NNS	Anger and darkness consumed me .
tr	NNS	The werewolves and shifters whisper the story of Star Cove to their children .
tr	NNS	The ladies love me . "
tr	NN	That thou art reading my words means that thou hast been my destroyer .
tr	NNS	Things were tight and I was glad for all the help I could get from him .
tr	NN	the founder cried in dismay .
tr	NN	As the light reaches the passage , a concrete staircase leads up to ceiling .
tr	NNS	Waves lapped gently over him , soaking him , but he knew he was safe .
tr	NN	But the Empire doesn 't allow that anymore .
tr	NN	Their bitch just had a litter . "
tr	NN	The death toll now stands at 444 killed .
tr	NNS	My classes were all fine , but nothing really kept my interest .
tr	NNS	His cronies laughed and slapped hands .
tr	NN	Della 's adrenaline pumped like crazy .
tr	NN	We 'll buy you a cup of coffee , " Chance said .
tr	NN	As soon as her bare feet touched the snow , the red glow vanished and the entire figure turned blue .
tr	NN	the fiery curled um argued , fussing in its chair .
tr	NN	Every bump and ripple of flesh and muscle that she encountered felt as if it came alive under her touch .
tr	NNS	The white colors at the bottom of the church became green then golden brown , orange and yellow with the changes of the seasons .
tr	NN	My coven raised a particularly nasty ghost .
tr	NNS	Suave 's symptoms were the manifestation of a disease of the nerves , brain and spinal cord .
tr	NN	The heap of artwork in front of us reached my chest .
tr	NN	If anything , my desperate clutching only seems to spur him on , and he moves against me with greater force .
tr	NNS	Already decomposing , organs visible and patches of skin and muscle torn away , she opened her eyes as if caught somewhere between life and death .
tr	NNS	These blues were beginning to make him blue as he himself began to question the meaning of existence .
tr	NNS	The warriors turned to their leader , seeing a fierce determination on his face and a look in his eyes that conveyed courage beyond compare .
tr	NN	A little serving maid enters , carrying fresh water for washing and the news that I am expected to attend the duchess 's council meeting .
tr	NNS	The horns sounded again and the envoy ushered them out of the great hall and through the passageway to their waiting carriages .
tr	NNS	He kissed my tears away , kissed my eyelids , his warm lips slid over mine , his tongue pushed into my mouth .
tr	NNS	Your instincts are right , Mica !
tr	NNS	Your cousins Maria and Matthew will meet you in New York .
tr	NN	The release and spread command was an instantaneous retreat with no commitment .
tr	NNS	Some contacts from the resistance will be there in the next few days .
tr	NN	The next tap was a familiar face .
tr	NNS	My eyelids were starting to droop .
tr	NNS	I concede , my renovations were a bit overdone , but such is the price for an ambitious and hungry mind .
tr	NN	Thinking about it only made him angry .
tr	NNS	Behind the pit were two small huts , identical to the ones they had passed .
tr	NNS	Several small cottages dotted the valley floor .
tr	NN	" And this here is Lieutenant Carter , " the captain said .
tr	NNS	" Drugs , " said Jack .
tr	NNS	Things got a touch out of hand . "
tr	NNS	The two werewolves dozed throughout the day and well into early evening .
tr	NN	The peak overlooked a lake where crocodiles floated like broken logs .
tr	NNS	Jack 's thrusts quickened and he broke our kiss so he could look into my eyes as he came closer to his own release .
tr	NNS	Thoughts ran wild through my head .
tr	NN	Further proof that she and Shea led completely separate lives now .
tr	NNS	Her blades sliced and diced , ripped and danced , as she caught fur and bone alike , slicing through the body to catch the soul inside .
tr	NNS	He stalked out of the room , his movements rushed .
tr	NN	His chuckle was a low rumble .
tr	NN	Where is the pencil ? "
tr	NNS	Things are looking up for Watchdog : NYC ! "
tr	NNS	Girls shrieked and clutched their dates .
tr	NN	His mob started a shambling run toward the Redoubt .
tr	NN	" A cowboy who stays on a bull for eight seconds doesn 't have to know how to pleasure his date .
tr	NN	Right as the smell of smoke following fireworks Stil , writing 's a weak thing to be doing .
tr	NN	" That one right there , " she pointed to one in the corner , " is a fraud .
tr	NNS	The images came fast and crazily , until at last they finally slowed and stopped .
tr	NNS	Two roads diverged in a yellow wood ... Earlier today , our fathers didn 't freak out when we were hugging after the race .
tr	NNS	Any building materials brought into the inn became part of the inn eventually .
tr	NN	" In the university science lab .
tr	NNS	Besides the farm , the siblings had inherited a fairly sizeable sum of money which her father had inherited from Grandfather Scrabble .
tr	NNS	" Our species has problems having babies , particularly females .
tr	NN	The tallest brat asked , " Who will take care of us ? "
tr	NN	But the gunfire discouraged any dissent .
tr	NN	His bark of laughter made Melody recoil .
tr	NNS	The mind-expanding properties surged and he visualised a new phenomenon .
tr	NNS	Looks like they drove the one missing rover into the mouth of the cave and someone came out for a quick last look before going inside . "
tr	NNS	Her former employers often harnessed such madness and honed its violence to serve their own ends .
tr	NN	The summer quarter was condensed , so we were already halfway through it .
tr	NNS	And besides pagan temples were not for entering anyway .
tr	NN	Thinking of how she 'll react if she knows makes my gut ache .
tr	NN	My elderly neighbor told me all about it .
tr	NNS	There are no oceans where I 'm from , trust me .
tr	NNS	Two pairs of eyes are better than one . "
tr	NNS	Her healing abilities would extend her own life and they were already slowing the aging clock .
tr	NNS	The footsteps drew closer , tracking down the other row of lockers , and Roth dropped his chin .
tr	NN	The implication was obvious .
tr	NN	There was no other explanation for what he was doing .
tr	NN	On the verge of passing out , electricity passes between us and flings us apart .
tr	NNS	" There are no forests anymore . "
tr	NNS	New globes grow , the demon using magic to construct a fresh pair of eyes .
tr	NN	" You ' l need to be more specific than that . "
tr	NN	The van wove off the road as Oliver steered around another fallen tree .
tr	NN	The inspector sat down and propped his head up on his left arm as he flipped through his notes .
tr	NNS	The signs had been building inside him for nearly a day .
tr	NNS	And when there were scratches on the floor leading down to a dank basement with a light bulb that didn 't work , bad vibes ensued .
tr	NN	The laying of Hailey 's eggs did begin in the middle of the next night .
tr	NNS	Words are the foundation of everything here .
tr	NNS	Suddenly the images flashed - one after another .
tr	NN	The little school teacher had never stood a chance against someone like Dominic .
tr	NNS	" Moose burgers are amazing .
tr	NNS	" Until now , your trials have been preparatory .
tr	NNS	" Things are about to get ugly . "
tr	NN	There was a brief pause before he flung out his arms and shouted a greeting : " Praise the good Lord ! "
tr	NNS	The hobbits thought he would never stop .
tr	NN	All around them , the peaceful countryside seemed a sharp contrast to their terror and desperation .
tr	NN	It will not happen again , " the staff sergeant said .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids scrunched as she giggled .
tr	NNS	Demetrius said ; his eyes kindled with sudden flame .
tr	NNS	Torture scenes from movies like " Reservoir Dogs " and " Sin City " collated themselves on my consideration platform .
tr	NN	The yard was dark .
tr	NN	The winner quickly found himself surrounded by others .
tr	NN	Incidentally , his English language improved also .
tr	NN	The maneuver fit a pattern , and the pattern fit a profile Drew timed out .
tr	NNS	There were longer tunnels and bigger caves .
tr	NN	In his , hesitation and fear lingered and I knew he was afraid that she had not forgiven him .
tr	NNS	His thrusts never let up or slowed .
tr	NNS	Alexis had to step down as queen .
tr	NNS	Things would be much fresher here if there was a recent fight , so take comfort in that . "
tr	NN	" His approval will go a long way to help me get into the were council . "
tr	NNS	Almost all our relatives and friends are keen on the date in which the beautiful among the most beautiful is going to see this world .
tr	NNS	Her traitorous gaze skipped over to him as he dumped the wood .
tr	NNS	The black creatures had returned and his fate was sealed .
tr	NNS	Diggs had returned and I had my cell phone in hand when Juarez himself walked through the waiting room doors .
tr	NN	His posture never changed .
tr	NN	The Book of Shadows that later became your father 's . "
tr	NN	Her French accent showed when she was excited or amused .
tr	NN	My own network will offer them fabulous sums for their tales of evil and woe . "
tr	NN	" The hood from the dead guy 's jacket . "
tr	NN	" There is a simple explanation for that , my lady .
tr	NN	" The Palace of the Grand Elder , " Paris said , his eyes had taken on a chilly edge that made Zoe feel so alone .
tr	NN	Chapter Forty One Athena 's pulse was threatening to race , but she refused to allow it .
tr	NNS	Pressure mines , presumably , triggered when your guards advanced into the shadows .
tr	NN	A single cable was all that defied the hurricane .
tr	NNS	The colors were faded , the edges frayed .
tr	NN	" Such a busy place Bath is this month , Lord Avery .
tr	NN	A footman brought a short ladder ; Lucien climbed it .
tr	NNS	Names , characters , businesses , places , events and incidents are either the products of the author 's imagination or used in a fictitious manner .
tr	NNS	The footsteps got louder and louder as they came closer to the staircase .
tr	NN	The nightgown hugged her curves and came down to her knees .
tr	NNS	Bent men and women watered their sickly crops with tin cans , old metal containers picked from the ruins .
tr	NNS	Reyes stroked her arm .
tr	NNS	The materials are not of this Plane . "
tr	NN	There was a general chuckle , and they began to ask her questions again .
tr	NNS	The bookshelves extended out of sight , their information stretching as if to eternity .
tr	NNS	Things you can 't even imagine .
tr	NNS	But the facts remain the same .
tr	NN	There was a fresh shower nozzle attached to the wall of the cabin .
tr	NNS	In the space of an hour , the city 's two most eligible bachelors had almost asked her out .
tr	NN	Of course she 'd need - " Take my hand , " her granddaughter told her .
tr	NNS	Looks like his mother 's okay , though . "
tr	NNS	The oceans never spill .
tr	NNS	Then , muffled thuds from above as something heavy settled on the lid .
tr	NNS	No motors revved in the distance , and no human voice broke the unnatural quiet .
tr	NNS	For an instant , there were no worries about the future , no fears for their daughter .
tr	NNS	Many teachers have caught me strumming an imaginary guitar , trying to find the chords before they vanish with the next thought .
tr	NN	A trio of choppers was circling above , ready with blast boxes .
tr	NNS	The rats tell me , but I forget . "
tr	NNS	The major banks that were based in London were protecting significant inflows of money from overseas investors .
tr	NN	Your arrival degraded him .
tr	NN	Her pulse began to race , but she didn 't move .
tr	NNS	Things that had happened that first year .
tr	NNS	Black spots danced in front of my eyes .
tr	NNS	The ladies love that . "
tr	NNS	The creatures pulled him apart and many feasted on him .
tr	NN	Kamil 's father-in-law clears his throat .
tr	NNS	His footsteps echoed off the walls .
tr	NN	" Bit by bit , " she said briefly .
tr	NN	The Battle of Rishi had convinced him that this meeting was required .
tr	NN	the commander said dryly .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids lowered and she looked at him from underneath her lashes .
tr	NNS	Weekend warriors would get on their costumes and pretend to rough it for a weekend or so .
tr	NNS	Lots of places were Staff Only .
tr	NN	Another rope began to wrap around his left ankle ; he kicked it away .
tr	NN	The pink rug vanished , and now Isabelle 's heels clicked onto the tile floor of the kitchen .
tr	NN	Reality is everything to him .
tr	NNS	Things were off-kilter at haphazard angles .
tr	NNS	Lots of us believe the lie that sex with just one woman is boring .
tr	NN	The sin was not all on his side , and I have been punished . "
tr	NNS	Her wrists burned from the welts she 'd caused by straining against the rope that had bound her hands .
tr	NN	A reserve of sheer , blind instinct , not nimble , clever resourcefulness , threw Severance backward at the last possible instant .
tr	NN	" There might be a way , " the tiny maid who admired April 's dress says .
tr	NNS	In the Fringe , most poets have Nothing Boxes .
tr	NN	Further down the page were photographs .
tr	NNS	Dogs barking in the courtyard signalled the return of the wagon and the men driving it .
tr	NN	The divorce will be final soon . "
tr	NN	My status as hero has earned me some responsibility , helping to reunite families , particularly children who were lost .
tr	NNS	My eyelids felt heavy , slowly closing .
tr	NN	" Sarah ... " Chris said with exasperation , " as much I would wish it , clothing doesn 't grow on trees here .
tr	NNS	Predatory instincts rose sharp and fast .
tr	NN	His greeting was warm , effusive , and strong enough to pump Dan 's arm right off his shoulder .
tr	NN	" Which way is south ? "
tr	NNS	There are many possibilities for the tension you 've witnessed .
tr	NNS	Our visits to the Temple were long walks of silence , interrupted by curt answers to remarks I made on everyday issues .
tr	NNS	Everything glows in slightly rose hues because of the pink lacy curtains in front of the small windows behind me .
tr	NNS	Others had more horrific deaths -- the enemy tore them apart from the inside out .
tr	NNS	My songwriting skills made Link look like one of the Beatles .
tr	NNS	The sheer boldness of it floored Chloe for a moment .
tr	NNS	New items arrived weekly , so I liked to see if anything tempted me to cash in my precious stamps .
tr	NN	The colonel shook his head and cursed .
tr	NNS	Their shots so frantic they might as well have been shooting at each other .
tr	NN	The market swirled around him .
tr	NN	The spinach Madeleine , the sweet potato casserole , and the cranberry sauce were in the freezer .
tr	NN	My mate had best not be late .
tr	NN	The dread left him , too , leaving only despair and desperation .
tr	NN	Then , in hushed tones , the bargaining began .
tr	NNS	" How are the headaches ? "
tr	NN	" But kidnapping is acceptable ? "
tr	NN	As a group , the tourist bunch schedule to accompany us had set out on foot for another sector .
tr	NNS	The villagers turned their attention to Auron as he paced towards them with a wide smile .
tr	NN	The video ceased , freezing the image of Coleman 's grinning face .
tr	NN	Seems her uncle had a heart attack , but I haven 't gotten word on his condition . "
tr	NN	He looked up , his jade eyes bright .
tr	NNS	Hands in his pockets , Rash looked like he wanted to say something but it was difficult for him .
tr	NNS	One scathing look at Ari and her friends and they backed away as fast as they swarmed him .
tr	NN	For the first time , uncertainty began to gnaw its way into him .
tr	NN	" Which one is delete ? "
tr	NN	The gloom unnerved him , but the quiet worried him most .
tr	NNS	Long tentacles stretched across the room .
tr	NNS	My only royal bits are my ears which have been ... . "
tr	NN	Once they were far enough , the referee gave the signal to continue the fight , and Valeria charged in again .
tr	NN	The captain turned and bellowed an order .
tr	NN	One human slave is worth to us three slaves of our own kind . "
tr	NN	And no snack tonight . "
tr	NN	The audience chanted their chorus line with hands over heads clapping with the band .
tr	NN	As he did , Gwyn 's giggle got louder , and Thor realized that Krohn was leading him to her .
tr	NNS	The floor boards squeaked , the wood fibers tightening against the metal .
tr	NNS	Folks will come just for that . "
tr	NN	The Gerard 's one weakness is the love he has for his Essence .
tr	NNS	" And the seats are as big as sofas . "
tr	NN	The cottage remained dark and lifeless .
tr	NNS	How many are Elite supporters ?
tr	NNS	But , there are a few base classes that they all fall into .
tr	NN	A flashlight shone in my eyes .
tr	NN	Contact with dispatch provided an update on the location of the truck .
tr	NN	The fifth-year senior threw his covers back and rolled off the side of his bed .
tr	NNS	With that , the young ladies took out their dripping hands and wiped them on their towels .
tr	NNS	Just as she 'd expected , the cemetery gates remained closed and there wasn 't a car in sight .
tr	NN	A glint of metal caught my eye from the shadows underneath the staircase .
tr	NN	The booze helps , believe it or not .
tr	NNS	Things couldn 't be better .
tr	NN	That specialized unit formed in 2004 , made up of volunteers from both SAS and SBS . "
tr	NN	The goal is to complete the puzzle with all pieces .
tr	NN	Just when I think we 'll never get out of the woods alive , there 's a small clearing and then pavement .
tr	NN	Blankenship 's still dead , " Jazz said .
tr	NN	No cocktail glasses , no dishes , no food , nothing normal .
tr	NN	" The page that tells the story of your death was never part of the original Chronicles .
tr	NNS	At least not for a few days , until the seas calm down . "
tr	NN	Nicky grinned , obviously pleased to have dropped that bombshell .
tr	NN	A bullet had torn through her shoulder .
tr	NN	The brisk , cool greeting stunned him with its familiarity .
tr	NNS	The ladies obviously didn 't like her so why had they invited her to lunch ?
tr	NNS	Francie 's long , straight , glossy locks bounced around her shoulders as she stopped by my door and screamed through the open window at me .
tr	NN	Long term , there could be a much larger spin-off for the whole district .
tr	NN	The pilot greeted us and then we settled into the luxurious seats , buckling our seatbelts .
tr	NN	The K-9 unit came back with a woman cop .
tr	NN	The duration is unknown and I won 't be advised as to the nature of the project .
tr	NNS	A half-dozen or so small , dilapidated cottages sat clustered around a small stone well .
tr	NN	The van reversed , turned , and then backed up fast toward the window .
tr	NNS	Most fathers do everything they can to protect their daughters .
tr	NN	A scar ran from the arch of one dark brow all the way to a stubborn chin .
tr	NN	A brief glaze of rain washed the window and thinned the smoke outside .
tr	NNS	The high suns roiled fog off the wet beach and coated her skin with a fine grit of salt .
tr	NN	A few hundred meters farther , the blazing flash of a shuttle .
tr	NNS	" Her organs finally failed .
tr	NN	The oven timer rings , and the moment ends .
tr	NNS	Hendricks laughs and kicks the fallen human .
tr	NNS	Delores gave a dismissive flip of her hand .
tr	NN	If the loss of a town within two weeks of travel didn 't alarm her , the colonel wasn 't as smart as I thought .
tr	NN	That crocodile might be a baby but it 's still lethal .
tr	NNS	These types of tests were typical behavior for HS units .
tr	NNS	With eyes opened or shut , the emptiness was suffocating .
tr	NN	Her appeal was beginning to fade .
tr	NNS	" How were the seals ?
tr	NN	Every nerve in my body twitched , crying out for him .
tr	NNS	Things sometimes change . "
tr	NNS	The other ladies stare after me with concern .
tr	NN	" This page has Sonnet 29 on it . "
tr	NN	There was no billing requirement as each order had been pre-paid .
tr	NNS	There were also dolphins , hundreds of them , circling the dome and leaping in the air .
tr	NNS	Chills ripple through me .
tr	NN	Neither the white apron nor the hair net could do anything to reduce his masculinity .
tr	NNS	Jets pulsed , sending warm water swirling above her knees .
tr	NNS	After their so-called engagement , those kisses had become more brotherly than playful or passionate .
tr	NNS	Maybe the rats didn 't know , either .
tr	NNS	Each year their traders went farther west , and were closer to our secret path .
tr	NN	The new Death stopped , posing dramatically in the glow from the forge .
tr	NN	The blood red tip seemed to throb in this bleak environment , as if warning the Prince of mortal peril .
tr	NN	The landing didn 't feel much sturdier .
tr	NNS	The newspapers would love that one .
tr	NNS	The vamps would feed on him .
tr	NNS	Hands on the steering wheel , Walter looked down into his lap at the .45 .
tr	NN	There was a spark of hope in me that maybe he was worried , that he would finally be the father I needed .
tr	NNS	His locks have grown and it 's too long , too incredibly sexy .
tr	NN	" The video from that night is several days old .
tr	NN	Claude 's Monroe house 's plumbing was in fine shape as far as I knew .
tr	NN	A birthday was not really an important or meaningful occasion .
tr	NN	A tremor shook her and she shuddered , happiness filling her .
tr	NNS	My vampire cells were attacking my human cells , converting them .
tr	NN	Actually , the reverse was true .
tr	NNS	More than half asleep , her eyelids slowly lowered but she felt the thick , soft fur of his muzzle glide almost lovingly along her fingertips .
tr	NNS	Things that concerned studies and knowledge would probably bore them .
tr	NN	My pulse picked up and I felt sweat dotting my brow .
tr	NNS	Many buyers looking for beachfront property want something more modern . "
tr	NN	Her pulse raced and her heart felt like it was going to beat out of her chest .
tr	NN	No immediate weakness or foothold presented itself .
tr	NN	There is a distinct male and female division . "
tr	NN	And molecular design was nothing if not complicated .
tr	NNS	Horus never even flinched .
tr	NNS	The butterflies in my stomach weren 't from fear .
tr	NN	As expected , there wasn 't a van in sight .
tr	NN	" He 's dead alright , " the captain finally said .
tr	NN	" Any good football games on ? "
tr	NNS	Admittedly , most young ladies prefer such novels .
tr	NNS	There were hurried footsteps rushing through the palazzo , calls for Tasha .
tr	NNS	All their credentials seemed to be in order , but they were a bit vague about exactly what the purpose of their visit was .
tr	NNS	" Your actions put them in harm 's way . "
tr	NN	That bastard didn 't hurt you ? "
tr	NNS	Others were more placid and only required a cursory glance .
tr	NNS	And by evening the low hills on his left had risen into sizable black cliffs , so that he knew he was close to the mining country .
tr	NNS	The leaders demanded order .
tr	NN	That lance is sharp ! "
tr	NN	In her mind , an adult had to earn the right to reprimand her by first proving they cared .
tr	NN	Not only were they the ones a mercenary like him would know , but they would be more likely to prefer the chaos of war .
tr	NN	Typically , when casinos move in , the local real estate market changes dramatically .
tr	NN	The north fell behind them and the west promised more ice .
tr	NNS	His drying efforts were futile .
tr	NNS	The wolves , one by one , lay down in the pure white snow .
tr	NN	Then the white blob moved , and he knew that what he was holding onto somehow came from there .
tr	NN	There was a chant , potent and angry , but there was chaos in the noise and so he couldn 't hear the words .
tr	NN	The deep throbbing was once again the sole sound reaching the ears of the Vigilante crew .
tr	NN	There is a rap on the door and Blake pokes his head in .
tr	NN	The fat chuckle came again , shivering in my ear like something just turned out of a Jell-O mold .
tr	NNS	The servants and maids hid in their chambers .
tr	NNS	Her son 's recessive Were traits , Alcide had told me , might show as increased vigor and a great healing ability .
tr	NN	The crumpling of the newspaper drew Alistair 's attention to Michael 's clenching fists .
tr	NNS	Lots of other places to see , too , like the Lincoln Memorial and the Smithsonian .
tr	NNS	Besides , what did the Others use ponies for anyway ?
tr	NNS	He rose at dusk , his nostrils assailed by the faint , lingering odors of eggs and milk and bacon .
tr	NN	The rebel cavalry was charging !
tr	NN	After what felt like an eternity , there was a brief exchange of gunfire off to their right .
tr	NN	In three hours the tiny strip of exposed skin around her eyes was almost blue .
tr	NNS	And his buddies are just as good .
tr	NN	She knew she was treading on thin ice , her grandmother had taught them all too well , about ease dropping .
tr	NNS	Both their minds worked frantically , striving to discern some noticeable characteristic in the stranger , but they could not ; they could discern nothing .
tr	NNS	The wolves on the pier immediately gave up on us and ran back to the beach , toward the attacking soldiers .
tr	NNS	But both council members looked prim and their fear smell receded a little .
tr	NN	Just as he turned , the first bullet lifted Eb from the saddle , and pitched him down on to the rocks by the river 's edge .
tr	NNS	What if the legends are wrong ?
tr	NN	Her tail was hundreds of shades of teal , glimmering each time she shifted or moved .
tr	NNS	Things would have to wait and , if that meant many years , that is how it would have to be .
tr	NN	" Then ' t is only indigestion which makes him so mean .
tr	NN	The drag of a match head before it burst into flame .
tr	NN	The orgasm I 'd been coaxing along with my fingers rocketed to the surface with the rubbing and stretching and grinding .
tr	NNS	Between her legs , dampness grew .
tr	NNS	Looks like they just shipped all of my belongings here after each semester . "
tr	NN	A thrill ran down his back .
tr	NNS	But there were no gang members around , or if they were , she couldn 't see them , hear them , feel them .
tr	NNS	Our tongues met and slid and our mouths and arms locked as we lost and found each other in the moment .
tr	NN	The firing ceased almost immediately .
tr	NNS	Unlike the tiny spines on the cactuses my mother had in her kitchen window , the spines on the cactus were massive .
tr	NNS	His mothers was a German and had died on giving his birth .
tr	NN	According to the FBI profiler , the perpetrator was methodical , obsessive , manipulative .
tr	NN	A wicked twinkle entered his eyes , and he grabbed my hand , jerking me to a stop .
tr	NN	' We intend to , ' Love said .
tr	NNS	The fireworks never stopped .
tr	NNS	On either side were vertical racks with straps , pins and other paraphernalia for use with bombs .
tr	NN	The bullet flew straight through , leaving a spiderweb of cracks around the hole .
tr	NNS	His pupils expanded and her heart shuddered .
tr	NNS	A time traveler 's activities can be a good example .
tr	NNS	The King twins flew all over the world to meet the demands of their clients .
tr	NN	" Even tennis doesn 't pull that on the new guys . "
tr	NN	The firelight flickered across his body , naked except for a short cape drawn over his shoulders .
tr	NN	Modern quantum theory development is an international affair .
tr	NNS	" Things don 't work that way , son .
tr	NNS	We went outside , 12 or so zombies lay dead .
tr	NNS	Chills ran down my spine and dread unlike anything I 'd ever felt before swept over me .
tr	NNS	His movements were cautious .
tr	NNS	Other little arrangements which I will not specify seem to have been bypassed .
tr	NN	The outline deflected her lunge to the side and thrust towards her neck in the same motion .
tr	NN	Part of me doesn 't want him to accept .
tr	NNS	Her movements were like those of a fine Swiss watch -- smooth and slow , with very little effort .
tr	NNS	" What are the stakes ? "
tr	NNS	" Things are really going your way today . "
tr	NN	Then the device beeped and another door swung open , and the man gestured me inside .
tr	NNS	" My spies have said nothing about any signs of an army . "
tr	NN	The staircase was in the back of the house .
tr	NNS	Burnett 's nostrils flared .
tr	NNS	" Jewish pigs , " the man spat out .
tr	NNS	Briefing packets will be on board with mission specifics .
tr	NN	The defense of Saint Marc was not strong enough to withstand the vigorous attacks from Saint Luke .
tr	NN	Part of me knew my griping was to mask my uneasiness about the increasingly empty bed , but my bladder twisted as if in agreement .
tr	NNS	" There aren 't any restaurants in town open either . "
tr	NN	" A bullet entered your back and lodged under your shoulder blade .
tr	NNS	Others have been eating it . "
tr	NN	The canoe steered itself up to a solid patch of bright stone and we disembarked .
tr	NNS	The other wolves would think he was insane for offering his neck to her .
tr	NN	The familiar challenge was in his voice .
tr	NN	Was there no limit to the hurt this man could inflict on her ?
tr	NN	The fellow didn 't need to know the actual story .
tr	NN	How 's your salad by the way ?
tr	NNS	Things around her were clearer , yet seemed more dreamlike ... subtly different .
tr	NNS	" Investment banks created a variety of exotic securities that nobody understood or comprehended .
tr	NNS	My paws hit their target , bringing us both down with a crash .
tr	NN	' It 's what they don 't tell you I find interesting , ' Love said .
tr	NN	The pilot trimmed the pitch on the rotor blades and they began their descent toward the spot .
tr	NN	His attendance hasn 't been good . "
tr	NNS	The shots of red in her hair seemed to glow .
tr	NNS	" De Roy 's servants are as good as him .
tr	NN	Kaza 's roar had brought the centaurs up to see what all the fuss was about .
tr	NN	There 's a backyard with no visual surveillance whatsoever .
tr	NNS	So , has anyone any practical suggestions ? '
tr	NNS	( Re : sending the project information , I mean , not your brazen resolution to use me for my truck 's hauling capacity .
tr	NNS	My temples were pounding and I could barely even think straight .
tr	NNS	The sirens that been blasting through the crisp morning air stopped abruptly .
tr	NNS	Soldiers from the army base in San Diego crossed into Mexico at the base of the Baja Peninsula .
tr	NNS	The amusement vanished and coldness took over his features again .
tr	NN	The priest managed to catch a modest amount of blood with a bowl , and poured it over the altar .
tr	NN	The hunger that the manipulative creature had roused in him was real , even if it hadn 't succeeded in making him its puppet .
tr	NN	" Yes , " the boy said , his hood pushed back now enough to plainly see his face .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of how the evening might end sent a surge of heat through my body .
tr	NNS	The targets would come to them .
tr	NNS	The two leaders regarded one another .
tr	NN	Little sound invaded the cockpit , just the minor whispering of air .
tr	NN	As we began scooping the manure , the sliver of a moon began its rise over the treetops .
tr	NN	Part of me that had been repressed suddenly felt alive , and she wasn 't backing down without a fight .
tr	NNS	~ ~ ~ ~ ~ Things were starting to settle down inside the factory .
tr	NNS	Overseers ' huts , along with a fine nobleman 's manor , stood a little farther up the valley .
tr	NN	Same response when her brother Colt approached them .
tr	NNS	Others sold useless junk as wares .
tr	NNS	Already insects were swarming around the feast .
tr	NNS	The two single mothers in the building needed to stick together .
tr	NNS	Seconds later , bright blue laser blasts streaked down from the night sky and destroyed two more armored trucks .
tr	NN	With the departure of his executive team , his Carolina drawl grew thicker .
tr	NNS	Everything went crazy , wild winds were blowing in every direction .
tr	NN	He stopped fighting and watched her , his bundle clutched tightly to his chest .
tr	NN	" ' It 's where our ancestors are buried , a slave graveyard .
tr	NNS	The streetlights flickered once and dimmed .
tr	NNS	The best ideas come when we 're not looking for them . "
tr	NN	The verbal sparring was still going on in the hallway at the sergeant 's desk .
tr	NNS	There were more rows of shelves in front of the rack .
tr	NNS	There were four figures .
tr	NN	The spider disappeared in a puff of dust .
tr	NN	His flashlight projected an isolated beam of light across the room .
tr	NNS	The nurses had done it until he became conscious and made it known he wanted Jay to shave him , and no one else .
tr	NN	' And no set pattern between the two murders apart from the point of entry . '
tr	NNS	Our efforts to do more sometimes make things worse .
tr	NN	The lamp on an end table tilted when he jarred it as he slid down the wall .
tr	NN	One participant shoots the targets while riding a horse through the obstacles .
tr	NNS	Both possibilities churned her stomach .
tr	NN	the redhead inquired in a rough whisper .
tr	NN	Once again my vocabulary fails me .
tr	NN	What doesn 't the average tourist get to see ? "
tr	NNS	Romulus stood at the forest 's edge , waving him on .
tr	NNS	The faint murmurs of their chatter echoed in my ears .
tr	NN	" That 's the grid , " the pilot said .
tr	NN	Keeping his tone brisk , Storm asked , " Why do you need help ? "
tr	NNS	Behind her , sirens already approached .
tr	NNS	The emails were pretty routine , updating the progress of some marketing campaigns for Janet 's clients as well as information from Human Resources .
tr	NNS	Girls like her aren 't the kind who change .
tr	NNS	Amorphous figures walk through melting doorways into shadowy rooms .
tr	NNS	Our losses were ... " His lips tightened bitterly .
tr	NNS	Looks like he 's given it to you . "
tr	NNS	But there were differences , too .
tr	NN	What difference would a partnership between Pardon and Marshall make ?
tr	NNS	The abbess 's nostrils flare in irritation , for as much as she longs to , she cannot argue with my logic .
tr	NN	Part of me wanted desperately to tell him the truth .
tr	NN	" The government doesn ´ t just come looking for you for nothing .
tr	NN	" Where 's your laptop ? "
tr	NN	" Step into my limo , " said the spider to the fly .
tr	NN	President Castilla 's human-rights treaty might help them do that .
tr	NN	Oh God , that one slow stroke of his tongue was almost enough to pitch her over the edge .
tr	NNS	But the physical changes were insignificant .
tr	NN	The dwarf dodged unnecessarily to the side and threw off the cloak that he was wearing , assuming a combative stance .
tr	NN	CHAPTER 20 : Black hole " Everyone , quiet , please , " the teacher called out as the bell rang .
tr	NN	The burgundy velvet caught the light and shimmered like a glass of rich wine , spilling in soft waves across her lap .
tr	NNS	" Ben , cats have personalities the same as people and they 're a lot of fun .
tr	NNS	Things were not looking good .
tr	NNS	The floors and ceilings were flat , smooth and an even eight or nine feet high with no stalactites or stalagmites .
tr	NN	My mortality looms every day , and every second I draw breath is one step closer to being six feet under .
tr	NNS	" The dark ages were not such a bad time .
tr	NNS	First drugs , now doubts about Barrett 's credentials ?
tr	NNS	The hills rose and fell punctuated by rabbit burrows at every step .
tr	NNS	The gorillas seemed uncertain , confused by the sounds they heard .
tr	NNS	Lives might be at stake . "
tr	NNS	Lights hung from the eaves , illuminating baskets of flowers .
tr	NNS	In America the ladies weren 't so strict about wearing gloves all the time .
tr	NNS	Gold chips shone bright within the deeper brown of his eyes , making them sparkle under the porch light .
tr	NNS	Bugs stroked his beard for a moment .
tr	NN	It thrashed wildly , its fetid stink choking her with every breath .
tr	NN	And his pulse is as silent as my own .
tr	NNS	Moses scowled and said nothing .
tr	NN	You can 't take on all four of us , " said another knight .
tr	NNS	A black abyss : bottomless , endless , tireless .
tr	NN	" The gargoyle , " he said in abrupt tones .
tr	NN	Anything your daddy calls you ? "
tr	NNS	A few more inches to the right , and Drake knew he would 've been dead .
tr	NN	There was a command in the male voice .
tr	NNS	The dolphins sensed that the man 's life was ebbing so they hurried as best they could manage .
tr	NN	" So , the Assembly tried to kick you out .
tr	NNS	Marius was anxious lest this go further .
tr	NNS	The architecture and building materials for the most part all matched and most structures were adorned with owls .
tr	NNS	- With this story , some facts are very strange to me .
tr	NNS	There are dresses in your armoire . "
tr	NNS	The winds are many .
tr	NN	Its pedestal was the one normally illuminated by the burned-out bulb .
tr	NNS	Once in a while the meetings are on Paragon .
tr	NN	In spite of his dark news , the wraith seemed more relaxed than usual .
tr	NNS	" Secondly ... as far as explanations go , I 'll give you the same consideration you gave me . "
tr	NN	Then the comm buzzed .
tr	NNS	Other additions , like the modern kitchen and the bathrooms , were relatively new .
tr	NNS	Her classmates reported later that she had managed to get to her knees , but her arm was being devoured .
tr	NN	A notebook and pen were in his hands .
tr	NNS	Luke rotates back around in the seat and shoves the shifter forward , the gears grinding a little before slipping in .
tr	NNS	Girls were so crazy about him and thus we named him the GM or ' Girl Magnet ' .
tr	NN	The only option then was to try round the back .
tr	NNS	The wells have run dry . "
tr	NNS	The contents are irreplaceable . "
tr	NN	This time Brand blew his horn twice .
tr	NN	The unease and coldness from earlier returned .
tr	NNS	There were murmurs of ' no ' and ' what ' mixed together .
tr	NNS	With the little girl crying softly behind them , the two dwarves stood and joined their brother as he looked over the zombie and the sprite .
tr	NN	The pedestal disappeared behind him .
tr	NNS	Their dumbfounded expressions were a foreshadowing of what was to come at breakfast .
tr	NN	" The principal talked to us , and there were grief counselors for those who needed one .
tr	NNS	Maybe your sources are not that sound .
tr	NN	* Frank 's internet announcement covered two points .
tr	NNS	Things have unfolded in such fast pace that I could not acquaint you and Ashu with them .
tr	NN	On the other guitar , the melody rambled up and down , massaging the column with its scurrying , sparkling avatar .
tr	NNS	Those footprints were too large .
tr	NNS	Before Chris could get a word out , the spots took up a solid shape and the entire room grew cold .
tr	NN	" This inspector could be a woman .
tr	NNS	Other areas were delighted as well .
tr	NN	The momentum momentarily lifted Richard from the floor and sent his upper torso crashing onto the bar .
tr	NN	" Did they say - " A shriek rips the air , like a siren of death .
tr	NN	The intruder reached into his jacket and retrieved his weapon , which he pointed through the bars at the guard 's face .
tr	NNS	There were several stakes emerging from different points in the vague shape , from what would 've been shoulders and thighs I imagined .
tr	NNS	The frames had to measure at least five foot in length .
tr	NN	The whistle had come and gone , and the train 's rumbling was only a memory now .
tr	NNS	The accusations unleashed hysteria , which became fear , which became paranoia .
tr	NN	A low growl warned him .
tr	NN	Part of her wanted to hurry up and get there to spend as much time with Cade as possible .
tr	NNS	" There are some villages comprised fully of immigrants , choosing to live away from us .
tr	NN	There was a bruise on his cheek .
tr	NNS	Transport seats are naturally small , but smaller if you have a carry-on .
tr	NNS	Abstract paintings strategically hung on the walls .
tr	NNS	The dwarves indulged in their classic head-butting to ensure that neither might have an advantage over the other in the brains department .
tr	NNS	The thousands of dollars in smashed guitars was proof enough of that .
tr	NN	Marcus and Micah were sequestered with Winkler , Trajan , Shirley and her Second , a werewolf named Carlos , inside Marcus ' van .
tr	NNS	Anytime he looked at her , X-rated images filled her mind .
tr	NN	My spine tingles and I wonder ... am I really alone ?
tr	NN	My initial intent had been to either get Stanton to take legitimate action or else find out if she might accidentally reveal knowledge of a Warrior connection .
tr	NN	There was a happy roar from them .
tr	NNS	Eventually these areas seemed to be bought up and turned into new housing developments .
tr	NNS	Things really had changed .
tr	NNS	No further visitors had entered Carbonell 's condominium , and the spring gun sat waiting .
tr	NN	His gaze had not so much as flickered from Erin yet he emanated so much intimidating power , no-one was inclined to fight his edict .
tr	NN	The memory clear , the black veil lifted .
tr	NNS	Once he had satisfied his lust with the novelty of it , by eighteen such attentions only served to annoy him .
tr	NN	Your uncle said he 's got an extra truck , and you 'll be able to use it whenever you need to .
tr	NNS	As he relaxes , my own fears begin to calm as well .
tr	NN	What Cash and Jen had .
tr	NN	A huge staircase went up to a landing high above them .
tr	NNS	There were six scattered sluice gates feeding different parts of the town 's farmland .
tr	NN	As the knight brought down his spear , the tip became detached and went flying through the air .
tr	NN	The rattling clang reverberated through Jude 's tense body , made a headache blossom at the base of her skull .
tr	NN	An owl hooted , but it didn 't seem to be anybody 's name .
tr	NN	The trick now was to locate and protect the Secretary .
tr	NNS	" On the other hand , the nuns are not going to let you visit him .
tr	NN	The bullet nicked Mike just over the left eye , missing entering his brain by a matter of millimeters .
tr	NN	The goal was twelve .
tr	NN	The liquid burned the back of his throat , but the fire was welcome .
tr	NN	Maggie Frampton 's pantry is a bit limited . "
tr	NN	Without us -- without the martial economy -- the whole race comes to a grinding halt . "
tr	NNS	And then their expressions turned to ones of sympathy .
tr	NNS	His old insecurities from childhood , when he faced only scorn and rejection from the female kind , stayed with him .
tr	NN	Her orgasm washed through her like a tidal wave , building higher and higher , stronger and stronger , until she heard his hoarse shout .
tr	NN	" Such a digging operation would require many men and a long time .
tr	NN	A hunt would career madly across the countryside , and such a course could not be calculated and avoided .
tr	NN	His arrival was why she 'd left .
tr	NN	It 's dry , prey is scarce and hard to find .
tr	NNS	The servants offered no help , even when bribed with gold squares or threatened with pain , save for one man .
tr	NN	Behind it stood a gray speckled mare with a light gray mane , equally beautiful .
tr	NN	My hatred burns red hot inside me .
tr	NNS	Names , characters , businesses , places , events and incidents are either the products of the author 's imagination or used in a fictitious manner .
tr	NN	The tirade of foul language that came out afterwards was nearly as humorous .
tr	NN	A neighbor next door was standing on a ladder , hammering a piece of plywood over a window .
tr	NN	Was that Ship or my own imagination ?
tr	NNS	Thoughts of spending the rest of his life with her made him feel complete .
tr	NN	Apart from the two of us and an elderly couple sitting close to the entrance , there were no other patrons .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids dipped in a natural reaction to the Atlantic 's enticement .
tr	NN	There was no reasoning with the person who had those eyes .
tr	NN	The prophecy that loomed over both of us said that Storm King 's daughter 's son would be the one to lead the battle to conquer humanity .
tr	NN	The pot had grown pretty damn large .
tr	NNS	The floor dips in places , adding to the disorientation .
tr	NNS	Those bright blues laughed at my distress .
tr	NNS	However , my ancestors never made it as far as Manitoba .
tr	NNS	Siri 's standard ladies moved around her , bringing clothing .
tr	NN	" For now , " the elf agreed .
tr	NN	A forbidden love blossoming while dark forces surrounded them .
tr	NN	My attorney , Jason , thinks he 's my father .
tr	NNS	Muscles did not have to do what the harness did .
tr	NNS	There were two empty seats at my table , but I wasn 't sure how I felt about them sitting by me .
tr	NN	A street lamp was hanging from its pole , wires the only thing keeping it from crashing to the ground .
tr	NNS	The nexus currents in the area would have intensified the effects . "
tr	NN	The entire keyboard and its desk swung wide to reveal a low opening .
tr	NNS	Even our motives are similar , Alfred .
tr	NNS	Her abilities sometimes worked that way .
tr	NNS	The Storm Dragons that had been sparring outside , had long fled to their barracks .
tr	NN	And the protein bar he handed her would go a long way toward making her feel attached to her limbs again .
tr	NNS	" When we 're done with our cereal , us wolves are going to head out .
tr	NN	Over the years , his partner had developed a deep knowledge of Washington by knowing the various servants of this well-to-do of the City .
tr	NNS	' Things might start getting a bit complicated from here on .
tr	NN	The itch could be scratched but her heart would be safe before she got in too deep .
tr	NNS	The strangeness of this girl was almost too much for him .
tr	NN	But your explanation goes a step further . '
tr	NN	Love picked up the teapot and poured .
tr	NNS	Things are in turmoil there . "
tr	NN	" Well , for starters , a psychotic is usually out of touch with reality , but a psychopath is obsessed with power .
tr	NN	The habitat was now very close .
tr	NN	The Dark race will survive . "
tr	NN	" It 's a bit touchy , " Travis calmly advised .
tr	NNS	The objects he 'd enchanted had always cast an eerie blue hue .
tr	NNS	After all , choppy seas are generally placid underneath . '
tr	NNS	" My regrets are a little more personal . "
tr	NNS	Myles preferred she come home tonight .
tr	NNS	At work there were meetings to attend , presentation work to do , and graphics to design .
tr	NN	The gap drew nearer .
tr	NNS	There were no outsiders here , because everyone belonged .
tr	NNS	For a long time there were crashes and shouts from Isobel 's room .
tr	NNS	In that time elegant philosophical ideas had caught her fancy .
tr	NN	The sheetrock and paint crumble and my skin separates a little , but that isn 't enough .
tr	NN	A souped-up rig like that 's too hot a rod for guys like us to drive , to go see God .
tr	NN	The beacon was strong and straight ahead .
tr	NNS	The nurses said you saved my life ! "
tr	NNS	Things are so different now .
tr	NN	An uncle took it off him with a kind smile and started moving around the near extinguished logs .
tr	NNS	The edges of his eyelids grew more strained at the mention of Amanda .
tr	NNS	His films continued to be equally mocked and praised .
tr	NN	" No good deed goes unpunished . "
tr	NN	Maybe there 's a perfectly simple explanation for the photo . "
tr	NNS	My observation skills needed honing .
tr	NN	But a government needs full jails , to keep the population scared .
tr	NN	The idiot probably didn 't even know he had this desired effect on the hound .
tr	NNS	The strands of power thickened , turning into resonant ribbons of energy .
tr	NN	Not only had the senator sued her , but her own paper as well .
tr	NN	Simultaneously , the tapping stopped .
tr	NNS	And politeness decrees that whoever chooses first will have to choose the middle seat .
tr	NNS	Things happen when you 're young .
tr	NN	There was a broad staircase that went up to a huge set of double doors .
tr	NNS	Were those footsteps heavy or light ?
tr	NNS	There were several couples looking at me in distaste , and one stuck-up looking redhead was shaking her head at me .
tr	NN	The directory listed accountants , real estate agents , and a dentist or two .
tr	NN	" No , Will , " answered his partner .
tr	NN	This time Thunder nodded .
tr	NNS	All my fears and insecurities dissipated in one swift motion as he shrugged off his button up shirt and pulled his t-shirt over his head .
tr	NN	Then came the witch 's Jeep .
tr	NN	His dread about the Order closing in on him was still very real and disturbing .
tr	NN	The conservative young widow finds herself in an extremely compromising situation and barely manages to escape , leaving behind a furious Cole Taylor .
tr	NN	" The pilot 's dead .
tr	NNS	Such destructive passion that she has .
tr	NNS	His board members were aware that something new was in the offing .
tr	NN	A singer wailed one of my all-time favorite country songs from the stage in the first restaurant we passed .
tr	NNS	Things like boundaries . "
tr	NNS	Things have obviously changed .
tr	NNS	The black figures were cramming into the cave as they withdrew from them .
tr	NNS	The brain cells and peripheral neurons in a human tied together so that their differences averaged out .
tr	NNS	But , before he could turn away from the ladder , something blunt poked him in the back .
tr	NNS	Lights flashed from the 21st century gunfire exploding in the tiny place -- the sound deafening .
tr	NNS	Black emptiness yawned back at her .
tr	NNS	The high cheekbones and excellent bone structure made me think of an uppity elitist woman but Jillian was very nice and down-to-earth .
tr	NNS	Her breath was on the head of his shaft , a merciless torture .
tr	NN	What had this thug done to the forester to gain possession of the tassel ?
tr	NNS	Hands clenched her arms like steel traps .
tr	NN	Through the years , the provocative dress attire had become her signature and her shield .
tr	NNS	My cousins are already making noises about Cyrus being mentally incompetent .
tr	NN	" The bastard hit you ? "
tr	NNS	Angelus picked up the card , crumpling it in his hand .
tr	NN	Too many crash landings by those of lesser skill , and they learned better .
tr	NNS	Their intervals varied as greatly as the tempo to the score itself .
tr	NNS	Their effects are little more than skin deep . "
tr	NN	The liquid slowly slid down her throat , causing her whole body to shiver as its healing effects tingled and warmed her insides .
tr	NNS	For that matter , where are the classrooms ? "
tr	NN	Fortunately , that interruption was enough to bring everyone back to their senses .
tr	NN	My yoga routine kept me flexible , but I respected my body 's limitations .
tr	NN	The foliage had started to thin and the views were taking its place .
tr	NN	The dictionary defines " primitive " as 1 .
tr	NNS	But my buddies are experts at games .
tr	NNS	The edges of his eyes were bloodshot , his skin clammy as it dried and he had lost what little flesh he had been carrying .
tr	NN	As he brought up the rear of the descent , the great canine frequently glanced back at the castle .
tr	NN	The cold-blooded bastard was right .
tr	NNS	Things would change soon for their people .
tr	NN	How big is our posse ? "
tr	NN	Was the sub leaking ?
tr	NNS	The moonlit hills disappeared , and black , gnarled trees rose up around us , clawing and grasping .
tr	NN	Behind her , the Death of Rats put its head in its paws .
tr	NN	The bastard needed to die .
tr	NN	" Neither the gentry nor the guilds would tolerate it .
tr	NNS	" Probably some scavengers dragged it away .
tr	NN	" And your little Trina is just inside the house over there , my house .
tr	NN	A master orator with friends on both sides of the aisle .
tr	NN	" Sarah , " the captain greeted .
tr	NNS	Heavy clicking footsteps as Saber , alone , went up to Caroline , who was gasping and quivering .
tr	NN	The agenda for tonight is to discuss Christmas , which , in case you haven 't noticed , is right around the corner . "
tr	NNS	These items proved , at least at one time , women had lived here in the community .
tr	NNS	Aris had believed he 'd live and die without ever uttering those two words .
tr	NN	The whole monstrosity distended downwards from the ceiling .
tr	NNS	The images from the minds below are fading , slowly ... but they are fading . "
tr	NN	The knight appeared to suddenly become aware of the attacking dragon !
tr	NNS	Ten more daggers followed , each one coming to rest in one of the woman 's vitals .
tr	NNS	Then the footsteps retreated and the door slammed , rattling the glass of the French doors we stood beside .
tr	NN	There was a gnawing hunger inside me , and it wasn 't for food .
tr	NN	How is this proof ? "
tr	NN	The soil at the edge was loose and crumbly , shot through with deep furrows from recent rains .
tr	NN	A doll sat in a leather chair in the corner , staring at her .
tr	NNS	" The dresses I have to wear are just getting on my last nerve .
tr	NNS	The servants and household dispersed .
tr	NN	Her honesty , like her pain , touched something deep inside him , something he 'd forgotten even existed .
tr	NNS	Doors were to keep intruders away .
tr	NN	" Another career path down the tubes . "
tr	NNS	Looks like I hadn 't learned that lesson yet .
tr	NN	An old rusted tractor sits covered in vines .
tr	NNS	Although the captain knew Sarah had totally bewitched him , the other accusations were definitely farfetched .
tr	NN	" History , " Daniel repeated as if he could will it so .
tr	NNS	Things he thought were total jerk moves , other guys considered cool .
tr	NNS	His visits were always unpleasant , and her body tensed remembering the blows he liked to deliver when she least expected it .
tr	NN	After all , there was no factory to do any aftermarket additions .
tr	NN	( A classic landlord trick to catch you with that forbidden pet dog or the mess of last night 's party ) .
tr	NNS	The nurses seemed to regard him with awe , quickly answering anything he wanted to know .
tr	NN	This homecoming wasn 't something I wanted to discuss .
tr	NN	' How grave was her injury ? '
tr	NN	The Observer Program was no nearer now than a hundred years ago to finding the location of the mirror .
tr	NNS	Warner 's commands are bouncing off the walls and exploding in my eardrums .
tr	NN	Morning had just started and he was already trying to get rid of me .
tr	NN	Replay the action tape in your head like we used to do with football videos in the old days .
tr	NNS	There were signs all around with jagged red lightning bolts saying warning : lethal electrical currents !
tr	NNS	Three ladies stared at us as we passed the aisle to Father 's white coffin .
tr	NN	Maybe Storm took it down to pick flowers for those alternative medicine recipes of hers .
tr	NN	When the floor creaked below my feet , dread like I 've never experienced stabbed through me .
tr	NNS	Kris scowled at me furiously for that .
tr	NN	A dragon , one born in this world had fallen on the edge of the battlefield , its enormous weight striking the earth like a collapsing mountain .
tr	NN	The last thing Selena remembered clearly before the chaos hit , was a gust of wind working its way up her arm .
tr	NN	There was no sacrifice too large or too difficult to make for them .
tr	NN	A blush worked its way up her neck to her face , putting color into her cheeks .
tr	NNS	Your little munchkin fairies are attacking the town as we speak .
tr	NN	A hail of bullets could tear through all of them .
tr	NN	Terror filled Claire 's eyes and they opened wide .
tr	NNS	There were two possibilities : Ellie had been jealous and irrational or there was more to Rick 's behavior than he was saying .
tr	NNS	My stomach cramps and my hands begin to sweat .
tr	NN	A second orgasm takes me by surprise , as though it was lying dormant until he awoke it .
tr	NNS	All those films you see on television , where someone gets buried alive but manages to kick and punch their way to freedom .
tr	NN	The fire hose of wind held me for a few moments , and then abruptly shut off .
tr	NN	The cottage was small -- we added on later -- and we needed the bedroom , of course .
tr	NN	Despair flooded Percival 's mind at that moment .
tr	NNS	Insulated from the world outside and far away from any human activity , there was something timeless about the space .
tr	NNS	The two security staff members on duty saw Roberts , and let them pass with out comment .
tr	NN	A snowy darkness faded to black .
tr	NN	How did my relatively inexperienced dating life suddenly become so complicated ?
tr	NNS	" There were no prints on it but those of Hunter himself , and they were entirely natural as if he 'd used the syringe himself .
tr	NNS	Things were going well , too , until he got to the essay question .
tr	NNS	Her actions were those of an automaton .
tr	NN	The knight sheepishly nodded .
tr	NN	My annoyance vanished instantly when Sara ran towards me and said " Hi !
tr	NN	The fox fiend jumped over the walls of the coliseum .
tr	NNS	Things began to change and he could feel the ship turning .
tr	NN	WHAT does my bra have to do with flying ?
tr	NNS	Conversely , the summers were dry and hot , with the Earth 's cycle of evaporation and perspiration upset by the Countdown .
tr	NNS	Black spots began swimming in front of me and I was pretty sure he was going to crush my windpipe .
tr	NNS	My wolves are extremely loyal as a rule .
tr	NNS	The wolves seemed to be everywhere when he lifted his eyes a few seconds later .
tr	NN	Perhaps the skeleton had been content to lie there .
tr	NNS	The ceilings are twenty-three feet high , the windows are ceiling to floor , and the endless views are quite literally breathtaking .
tr	NN	One faction in her ministry was for going down as usual -- pretend things are normal in the hopes they really might be .
tr	NN	The gangster eyed the big man with suspicion .
tr	NN	Joni 's pulse raced to the chaotic tune of the honks and screeches surrounding them .
tr	NN	The tentacle entered the tumbler and finished the drink .
tr	NNS	The pilgrims met in front of the church .
tr	NN	" Your organization isn 't as careful as you might think .
tr	NNS	" Your huge tits and your dirty mouth are doing a number on me . "
tr	NN	The ancient Elder pointed his staff at the frozen pond .
tr	NNS	Gramps putters around his bookstore .
tr	NNS	Things could have been much worse for her .
tr	NN	Destroy the balance , and all would fall .
tr	NNS	Others followed along at their own pace .
tr	NN	" I can 't believe she actually noticed you , " whispered Linda as she sat down beside Nora and before a model of Mount Vesuvius .
tr	NN	The defeat in her voice squeezes my heart .
tr	NNS	The aisles were barely large enough for people to pass each other with grocery carts .
tr	NNS	" Two appetizers does not a meal make .
tr	NN	The siren suggested offhandedly .
tr	NNS	Stacks gave a deep and throaty sigh that suggested far too little sleep .
tr	NN	The gas gauge wasn 't showing any radical drop in fuel .
tr	NN	Their progress was silent and swift , moving with the night instead of through it .
tr	NNS	Extreme temperatures turned northern Canada into an artic wasteland .
tr	NNS	No man-made objects strove to distract or to glorify .
tr	NNS	On the basis of size alone , gorillas and chimps could be accurately distinguished .
tr	NN	The shield momentarily flickered orange and purple as the sand was deflected away .
tr	NNS	The paintings were like falling into a dream , where everything you know is presented in an unfamiliar way .
tr	NNS	Parts of the second story collapsed into the first , crashing down and sending a flurry of burning embers into the air .
tr	NN	A massive crystal chandelier hung from the ceiling , its candles sprinkling light like diamonds in all directions .
tr	NNS	Chills exploded over her .
tr	NN	Most of what I forgot , I did so intentionally , a manner of " unlearning " you might say .
tr	NNS	The gray squirrels barked as he ran past them .
tr	NNS	Like a growing rack in an armoury , the axes , the mallets , and the maces appeared in their entirety .
tr	NN	Then there was a dragon .
tr	NNS	Upstairs , the floors were hard tile , but down in the secure wing plush carpet covered them .
tr	NN	The warm , fulfilling liquid squirted into mouth .
tr	NN	What is the value of reflecting back ?
tr	NNS	Alexis stood up abruptly .
tr	NN	The singer played a Beatles cover , then something by Bob Marley .
tr	NNS	The shudders opened , letting in the smells and sounds of the night .
tr	NN	" Morning and evening calisthenics and jogging , when the weather 's good .
tr	NNS	And while Damien 's entry only moments ago might have felt like the cavalry , now those prickles of stress and nerves are starting up again .
tr	NNS	It was so thick , wisps seemed to hang in the sky like a barrier .
tr	NNS	A fierceness entered her voice that made the engineer take a step back .
tr	NN	His grandmother kissed his cheek .
tr	NN	The blister on my heel was becoming annoying and I really didn 't want to stand about while we waited for Katherine 's party to arrive .
tr	NN	My weakness was a weight on him , but I wanted to help him .
tr	NNS	Many millions would die . "
tr	NNS	Natalie hugs a pillow like it was a body .
tr	NNS	" Good idea , pancakes are kind of Vinnie 's thing anyway .
tr	NN	A bundle of nerves formed in my stomach .
tr	NNS	The duchess digested that for a moment and then slowly inclined her white head in a regal nod .
tr	NNS	" I do hope I 'm not intruding , " the duchess said .
tr	NNS	Marius caught the gun easily and slipped the thick strap over one shoulder .
tr	NNS	The two opponents rushed forward again , two gladiators crashing into one another while the thunder rolled over their heads .
tr	NN	Her laptop hummed on the scarred dresser top , but it hummed off-key , the music Caroline had hoped to hear never played .
tr	NN	There was the swish of a dress as Sybil came back into the room , sat down and picked up her darning .
tr	NNS	Glowing hair drapes over her face , obscuring her vision .
tr	NN	Anywhere the government was .
tr	NN	" What 's your probe , bro ? "
tr	NNS	The colors of our skin were in contrast but meshed perfectly on summer , spring , winter , and fall days and nights .
tr	NN	They carried what they could , the blankets and coats Cate had grabbed , the first-aid box Cal had left behind .
tr	NNS	There were accommodations for hundreds of people here .
tr	NN	What was the etiquette for a girl over eighteen sitting alone in a hotel room with a ghost ?
tr	NNS	The twins scrambled out of bed , tossing quilts and pillows willy-nilly .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of the way he 'd jumped into changing his behavior , mostly on his own accord , flitted through her mind .
tr	NNS	The aliens could do nothing to hurt him .
tr	NN	A witch hunter can marry a witch king ? '
tr	NNS	Others had clothes of different colors , but of the same design -- obviously a uniform sewn for each patient personally .
tr	NNS	All the builders had done was wall up and square off a part of a cave .
tr	NNS	But movies and novels never stuck around long enough to show you the aftermath .
tr	NNS	The gates opened for us and we made the long drive up to the house .
tr	NN	" Where is the gargoyle ? "
tr	NN	The tip of his nose veered towards the right and his teeth were a dark shade of smoker 's yellow .
tr	NN	The leader of the Militia Warriors scowled as he set his strong gaze on Samuel .
tr	NNS	All human aspirations had been foiled .
tr	NNS	Then , with another twist , three blades sprung out of one end into a cross shaped spear .
tr	NNS	Looks like they ´ ve taken refuge .
tr	NN	Surely your sister-in-law so agréable would favour us with her playing so that you may dance instead of work . "
tr	NN	The adrenaline pumping through me would have produced a hit the equivalent of a Mack track going a hundred miles an hour .
tr	NN	There may have been only a handful , but one of them , the Book refers to as ' Renegade . '
tr	NNS	A few small strands of hair rested over my eye and as I reached up to swoop them away , his hand came up too .
tr	NNS	Their expressions hit me like a wrecking ball .
tr	NNS	The images existed without and had the coldness of the other .
tr	NNS	The precious metals and stones faded .
tr	NN	It couldn , t have been otherwise .
tr	NNS	Colony scans look like they 're gathering soldiers from all the northern cities . '
tr	NN	A silver pipe pushed up into my memory .
tr	NNS	Images of my attackers , those two horrible men , flashed before me again , and the anger inside of me cried out for vengeance .
tr	NNS	More experienced users claimed they could influence the flow of thoughts , gently guiding the surge of ideas onto particular people , places , or concepts .
tr	NN	The leader said something in Dutch and the two others moved towards Dee .
tr	NNS	The ladies rolled their eyes in unison and stifled another giggle .
tr	NNS	This can include photos , audio or video surveillance , e-mails , eyewitness accounts , recovered items with fingerprints or DNA , or admission of guilt .
tr	NNS	The scales of Libra were off-balance .
tr	NN	His daddy , Reed , has the gift as well . "
tr	NN	Suddenly , another more powerful whistle shot through the air .
tr	NNS	After that the little villages grew into towns .
tr	NNS	The ogres think of them as guardians , and these hills are their natural habitat .
tr	NNS	The spikes , five inches in diameter at its thickest point , impaled Brice who was seated in the back with Kathleen and Eva on his left .
tr	NN	Peter 's condition appears to be stabilising .
tr	NNS	By the time we got to my house the roads were bad .
tr	NN	" The arrangement is adequate - more than adequate .
tr	NN	Otherwise any crazy mortal could go around acting like they were one of us .
tr	NN	The adrenaline still pumped through Ted 's veins .
tr	NN	Another crash of thunder and the light disappeared leaving only the moonlight and stars .
tr	NNS	The other hell hounds growled with rage at their fallen leader as they lunged towards me pulling the same disappearing .
tr	NNS	The tightness in his face softened .
tr	NN	There was a similar shattering in the bathroom .
tr	NN	The ranger set aside his radio and wound the window down .
tr	NNS	Three burly figures strolled in , standing in the entryway while the door swung closed behind them .
tr	NN	A rank stench in the air then aroused my attention and looking around I couldn 't tell what that was or where it was coming from .
tr	NNS	Her lengthy locks flowed to her waist and curved at the ends .
tr	NN	A bullet whined as it ricocheted off something behind him ?
tr	NNS	His thrusts went deeper , faster .
tr	NNS	The mattress was real down and he was asleep in an instant .
tr	NN	Yet , time moved so very slowly , an agonizing eternity as people drew closer to me from above and below .
tr	NNS	There were some scraps of wood at the back of the cave which he gathered into a pile .
tr	NN	His subconscious was searching for an opportunity to attack .
tr	NN	" Carol , this is Jerry Owens , " the caller announced .
tr	NNS	Both the highly respectable Asian businessmen would declare with truth that they were attending some business dinner , which brought important business to them both .
tr	NN	The surgeon had been as unmerciful .
tr	NN	The captain set Bulldog after him . "
tr	NNS	His primal instincts had taken over ... and so had hers .
tr	NN	The towns ' folk lined the main street with their guns and helped funnel the men out of town .
tr	NNS	Cars , filled with former undead , now sporting neat holes in their heads courtesy of his men .
tr	NNS	Shouts rang out in the distance , but otherwise , it seemed empty .
tr	NNS	Waves of aggression rippled through the room as he let his emotions fill up the apartment .
tr	NN	An entire wing waited for the installation of a new genomics lab .
tr	NNS	" My sources tell me that weapons are in this compound . "
tr	NNS	Seems the local settlers are pouring into town for the purpose of defending the cannon . "
tr	NNS	The torches flickered as the doors opened , and a figure left the palace .
tr	NNS	Nate heard the fence rattle as the man reached it , heard the man crunch onto the wood chips on the far side .
tr	NN	Another squad from the Order was meeting them tonight .
tr	NNS	It clung , thin wisps that had reached from the main bank of Fog growing steadily thicker as the bank moved closer to the screaming man .
tr	NNS	Reyes , calm down right now .
tr	NNS	A few rows in front of him were other theatergoers .
tr	NN	The sheriff came in the Dean 's office a while ago and he said they can 't find any traces of Victoria . "
tr	NNS	Others said that he could walk through a solid stone wall - without leaving a hole in that wall .
tr	NN	" His surveillance did not see Colonel Smith leave the hotel .
tr	NN	The entire mob marched to the center and sat down in front of it .
tr	NN	The magic carpet kicked all the way through the door and into the wintry night .
tr	NN	The cowboy seemed to smile grimly with one side of his mouth while his eyes glittered like obsidian .
tr	NN	Donald 's condition continued to deteriorate ; he knew he was dying and didn 't want Linda and the boys to be there when he died .
tr	NNS	Things were a blur for a little while .
tr	NNS	Huge breakers were rolling in and crashing on the shore .
tr	NN	The thunderous roar of their galloping thumped in Dak 's ears .
tr	NNS	Huge computer monitors and machines I 'd never seen before guarded cluttered desks and tall stools .
tr	NNS	The lies he spanned gave her peace of mind .
tr	NN	" Of course , captain , " Warrior replies evenly .
tr	NN	The local accent has a decidedly British influence .
tr	NNS	" No worries , I know you could 've taken ' him . "
tr	NN	" This steak was amazing . "
tr	NN	" There is clothing in the bedroom through that doorway . "
tr	NN	A thin crust of ice clung to the mud and dead leaves along the edge .
tr	NN	Amira 's pulse quickened as their turn to disembark approached .
tr	NNS	The tennis courts are in the center .
tr	NN	Your gown is long .
tr	NNS	Others sat on blankets in pairs , one 's head on the other 's shoulder , given the late hour .
tr	NN	There 's no method of keeping that kind of shipment secret .
tr	NN	No censure colored his expression , and the emotions that slid over mine had the soothing caress of satin .
tr	NN	" My most extreme lethal weapon number three , my eyes .
tr	NNS	Waves of anticipation and excitement from kids walking through the school gates roll over me .
tr	NN	Sylvia 's gown today was misty leaf green , and her hair rippled in shimmering waves over her shoulders .
tr	NN	After a little while , the male student , who sat with his back to the window , turned around enough for Jayden to see his face .
tr	NNS	Lights seemed to flash along the brown tiles a few inches from his eyes .
tr	NNS	" Of course , Your Highness , " Rema said .
tr	NNS	Move onward , brave souls , your journeys are almost over .
tr	NNS	Lights came on around the building and the security guards came running .
tr	NN	The speedboat had circled and was heading straight for him again .
tr	NN	An involuntary grunt escaped me as I landed hard .
tr	NN	As I towel off , my reflection opens its mouth and closes it a few times , wondering how I am expected to respond to that .
tr	NN	Glancing back , the gleam in Frieda 's eye spurred me on to a new burst of speed .
tr	NN	His continued lack of response , however , only seemed to make Violet more resolved that her suspicions were right .
tr	NNS	On each side of the page were woodcut prints , their black lines stark against thick linen paper .
tr	NN	The gloom was generous .
tr	NN	An aspen stake to the heart , however , would do the trick without question .
tr	NNS	Lights flashed before her eyes , and just when it felt as if her lungs would explode , her soul was lifted from her body .
tr	NN	You ' l have nothing to go back to , even if I die .
tr	NN	Then again , the gingerbread thief could have simply pushed the button before shutting the door and disappearing .
tr	NN	Her dad stood behind , boot raised , primed to kick .
tr	NN	The dossier was in the briefcase , under the table .
tr	NN	Chance asked , making the decision for me .
tr	NNS	Council members who resided at the University were easy to pick out .
tr	NNS	I kicked them off , called them whores and sluts and piece of shit until they let go .
tr	NNS	The Chancellor 's tone changes to what he thinks is soothing and gentle .
tr	NNS	There were no guarantees that this was the place , but it was as good a guess as any .
tr	NNS	My grandparents stood next to David in the front .
tr	NN	No matter what we 'd been doing these past days , my loyalty remains with our daughter .
tr	NNS	As we continued our surveillance from a distance , my hopes of a rescue continued to rise .
tr	NNS	Local rumours held that it was the work of the Devil in revenge for debasing the roof of a pagan queen .
tr	NNS	Things ended fine between us .
tr	NN	Her clit was a hard nub against his tongue .
tr	NN	The plant wrapped part of itself around the dagger , and flung it in the opposite direction .
tr	NNS	The shouts outside meant the other officers in the area had heard the commotion .
tr	NN	Love glanced out his side window and then at Stuart .
tr	NNS	Gorgeous can only take you so far . "
tr	NN	The sudden tinge of a darker green shone wide as her beast flooded her veins .
tr	NNS	His surroundings were old-fashioned .
tr	NNS	Other predictions had not yet taken place , and those interested Rayford even more .
tr	NN	There was an answering shriek from the second floor .
tr	NNS	The immortals all stared at Victor expectantly .
tr	NN	A calmer , introspect persona replaced exuberant Clare .
tr	NN	Chance lost his home tonight . "
tr	NNS	Since he had arrived the bars had been constant orange , enemy approaching on scanner .
tr	NNS	The colors were striking and lush , and they were easily one of my favorite flowers .
tr	NN	The map and a loosely formed strategy should get her through today and keep her away from this building and its owner .
tr	NN	" The tapestry is very delicate and must not be disturbed .
tr	NN	The garment falls to the floor , and I 'm left standing there in the horrid granny panties Ethel kept telling me not to wear .
tr	NNS	Others say the opposite : we 're locked away because there 's something wrong with us .
tr	NN	The design is really cool .
tr	NNS	Epilogue Things got back to normal in a hurry after me and Miss Cordelia returned to the CB .
tr	NNS	Black tiles lined the floor beneath her feet , each one hand-painted with red or gold depictions of birds .
tr	NNS	By now , other gossip websites would be repeating the same story .
tr	NN	" Mount up , " the sergeant barked , and strode toward his horse , weaving a bit .
tr	NNS	" Things are different ! "
tr	NNS	Huge sobs shook her body .
tr	NN	Its manpower was simply a means of continuation , with no end in sight for the worker bee .
tr	NNS	A teardrop lands in my palm , tinged with pink .
tr	NN	A tremor raced down my limbs .
tr	NN	There was no more beef jerky or even tofu .
tr	NN	There was a noticeable lack of glint relative to the surrounding rock .
tr	NNS	There are thousands of us here , now .
tr	NNS	The footsteps stopped , and I walked down the remaining space between us .
tr	NN	The priest looked incredulous .
tr	NN	And then the real miracle happened .
tr	NNS	The teachers assembled in the cafeteria quickly and quietly .
tr	NNS	Small creatures that are about two feet tall with large heads and mouths with dozens of tiny fangs are all over him .
tr	NN	The restored medieval castle provided safety and space , privacy and romance .
tr	NN	Gypsy sat again , carefully .
tr	NN	" The illusion doesn 't work on demons .
tr	NN	Every inch brought a new sensation .
tr	NNS	Reapers smelled bad and were worse to look at .
tr	NN	the secretary hovered over him like a spectre , applying first aid .
tr	NN	the secretary said , scrolling her fingers down the page .
tr	NNS	They 'd eat more , put a strain on all their local food resources .
tr	NN	But was that Wei 's ultimate goal now that news of it had reached the upper levels of government in both China and the United States ?
tr	NNS	Jenny 's nostrils stung , and she felt bile rise in her throat .
tr	NN	Is there some unwritten Gautier manual on what a person can and can 't do with their life ?
tr	NN	Any glitch in the attempt to free Thayer could ruin the entire mission .
tr	NN	" Oh , but you have , Mercenary Fox , " the leader replied , " Allow me to introduce myself .
tr	NN	" If it 's thick enough , it ' l be just like walking on land for them . "
tr	NN	The intricate , coiling script was nothing man or woman could ever hope to decipher .
tr	NN	The McBride family 's attorney had issued a statement to the press on behalf of his clients .
tr	NN	His busy schedule was one thing that she couldn 't change .
tr	NN	The gag muffled the words he offered .
tr	NN	And from the way Cal 's eyes flashed , his sentiment was the same toward her .
tr	NNS	" My servants , " she said .
tr	NN	The fellow 's absolutely insane .
tr	NNS	Any pats on the back or calming words only irritated her .
tr	NN	The guilt Eve had been feeling reasserted itself .
tr	NN	A buffalo does not go down easy .
tr	NN	My photograph faded , to be replaced by a female newsreader with a grim expression .
tr	NNS	' Where are all the gold mines located ? '
tr	NNS	Soft strings grew out of her head and floated around her like a halo .
tr	NNS	Others didn 't see this .
tr	NN	But a divorce wasn 't the answer .
tr	NN	The writing gathered here takes many forms and evokes many moods .
tr	NNS	The seats in front of Dan were empty , and Cap flipped the back so that he could ride backwards and visit with a tireless campaign worker .
tr	NN	But he didn , t have hands .
tr	NNS	The classmates turned their keen eyes to the teleportation capsule one by one .
tr	NNS	Sometimes his experiments go awry , and there have been explosions .
tr	NN	Each unit will require class participation , individual labs , reading assignments , and a quiz .
tr	NNS	Hyde asked , his fears pacified .
tr	NN	The uncertainty in his voice made her turn .
tr	NN	This insanity stops here , now . "
tr	NNS	My erection presses into her lower back , resting just along the upper curve of her ass .
tr	NNS	My species has existed from the beginning and what you would perceive as normal traits , we do not .
tr	NNS	Things like that happen .
tr	NNS	Lights were still on in his house .
tr	NN	The madness in his eyes told her that .
tr	NNS	He dug into the bags , pulling out containers of fruit along with muffins , scrambled eggs , thick slices of bacon , and toast .
tr	NNS	The chains around her ankles knock against the steps and then drag ominously across the hardwoods on the upstairs floor .
tr	NN	The sheriff didn 't seem to be impressed .
tr	NN	Why do anything altruistic , why plough money back into the local community , where is the profit ?
tr	NN	The captain shouted , " Idiot !
tr	NNS	Hands off her maids , too , if you please . "
tr	NNS	Two aliens stood at the fork in the road , one nodding in each direction .
tr	NN	The cafeteria is one of the few spacious areas in Shelby High .
tr	NNS	Others were going about the business of normalcy by washing cars or playing basketball or simply sitting in deck chairs on the dry grass .
tr	NNS	More moss spread along the smooth brown tunnel walls , but it glowed with phosphorescent light .
tr	NN	Some big brown blob floated just under her chin .
tr	NNS	Lights dimmed , and then a red light flicked on in the ceiling .
tr	NNS	Although it was forest , the terrain and tree species were certainly much different .
tr	NNS	Near the end of Hothouse the drums suddenly stopped .
tr	NNS	Tack breaks into one of his rare smiles and claps Julian on the shoulder .
tr	NNS	My thousands go into overdrive .
tr	NNS	The tiny figures practicing on the football field reminded Dean of Mike 's question and pulled the conversation away from the latest X-men comics .
tr	NN	" He evaporated , " said the Sheriff , rubbing his head .
tr	NN	" The tribe demonstrates an unusual number of twin births , both fraternal and identical .
tr	NNS	William turned back , grabbed hold of one of the heavy iron gates that had been built into the wall .
tr	NN	The throbbing in his head kept pace with his thudding heart , and he wondered why his brains didn 't just leak out his ears .
tr	NN	" Look , do me a favor .
tr	NNS	The emptiness had nothing to do with Kelly but everything to do with his past .
tr	NN	" Our important passenger unexpectedly disembarked from The Owner last night .
tr	NN	The same liquid leaked from the corners of his eyes , streamed from his nose and ears .
tr	NN	Their longtime partnership was coming to an end .
tr	NNS	Sorceress caught in the act .
tr	NNS	The remaining fans went wild and those that had begun filing out , paused to watch .
tr	NN	The notebook I wrote letters to my parents in , when I didn 't think I 'd see them again .
tr	NNS	My aunts called in my sister but surprisingly not my cousins .
tr	NN	" The servant network is tight in my aunt 's world .
tr	NNS	Fortunately the demands of the morning session with the Japanese forced her to concentrate on her shorthand .
tr	NNS	No doubt , the nurses were right outside my door .
tr	NNS	Her instincts were buzzing and everything inside her screamed at her to run the opposite way and find her sisters .
tr	NN	Resistance to it will cause serious pain and quite possibly a fractured joint .
tr	NNS	There were several teachers still there from when I taught before , and they all welcomed me back .
tr	NN	Her bike was one of the few vehicles in the parking lot .
tr	NN	The second queue consisted of a steady stream coming from the back and heading over the opposite side of the hill .
tr	NN	Love meaning you are doing what is best for every person involved , even if it hurts .
tr	NN	The favour had not taken long to be called in after Chen was successfully appointed to a senior analyst post .
tr	NNS	But the little arrangements of flowers seemed chintzy and false somehow , like a stage set in the Vatican .
tr	NNS	But these idiots had softened me up , whether I liked to admit it or not .
tr	NN	Tonight 's fundraiser will only require something pretty .
tr	NN	' Our entire defense here hinges on them . '
tr	NN	My partner and I spent all night staking out a suspected drug shipment .
tr	NN	My laugh came out of the translator like the noise a tortured parrot would make .
tr	NN	Terror gave her a burst of energy as she scraped past the gates and into the square .
tr	NNS	The gates shut behind them with a thud that echoed across the countryside , stirring a flock of blackbirds from a nearby oak .
tr	NN	A mountain would cower before Dante 's full bluster , but he couldn 't mean it .
tr	NNS	Others have just been in the same circles too long . "
tr	NN	Unfortunately , my blush was searing up my chest and lighting my cheeks .
tr	NN	The priest said Mia 's name , and every high school girl in the church burst into tears , and more than a few boys joined in .
tr	NN	The festive garb seemed out of synch with the stark setting and yet so ... her .
tr	NNS	Lots of boys asked me to the dance , but Tyler 's the only one I liked enough to think about going with . "
tr	NNS	The letters began coming on a regular basis over the next two and a half months and Tessa was enchanted by them .
tr	NNS	" How 's your French ? "
tr	NNS	Our surroundings have a surreal quality .
tr	NNS	Others gradually joined us .
tr	NN	Part of her knew that she had enjoyed the kiss .
tr	NNS	There are only two differences between the Raven I met when I was a kid and this one standing in front of me .
tr	NN	The entryway and lower floors of the Institute were full of adult Shadowhunters , striding back and forth .
tr	NN	As late as it is , adrenaline still fuels most of the guests .
tr	NNS	" Things have come a long way in the last few years .
tr	NN	A waterfall gushed into it , flanked by heavy foliage .
tr	NNS	The chants grew louder , strange words of an old language , yet the words sounded menacing and grim .
tr	NN	The arrangement worked well for two years .
tr	NN	His abduction only made him a greater liability to the cause than he already was .
tr	NN	How could one simple sentence destroy her world so completely ?
tr	NN	But stealthy was not a word that best described her current state .
tr	NN	Heck , that I was breathing at all was a bloody miracle .
tr	NNS	Adonis slipped beside her and looped his arm around her waist , but she didn 't budge .
tr	NNS	The possibilities could be fun . "
tr	NNS	Others , whom the death of my lord would perhaps grieve less , have already persuaded him .
tr	NNS	Cars halted with screeching tyres .
tr	NNS	As I finally relax , my eyelids grow heavy and my thoughts float above me .
tr	NN	There 's a recorder by my head .
tr	NN	Such a miracle -- such a gift -- it should be a blessing .
tr	NN	On contact , white-hot darts of desire licked at his veins .
tr	NNS	The four World Auto team members were all looking at each other , shrugging their shoulders , and shaking their heads .
tr	NNS	Jets were scrambled to intercept them , but as per the newspaper article based on a statement from the jet pilot , the craft outran the jets .
tr	NN	After she turned back to the board another classmate gave him a dirty look .
tr	NN	There was a spark , a puff of smoke and a loud sound burst forth from the man 's hand .
tr	NNS	Since she was the kind of person who used clothes as armor , the subtle changes told me that she 'd gotten dressed today expecting a fight .
tr	NNS	Reyes knew not to remain static but drew closer to her .
tr	NNS	The wolves were silent shadows slipping closer .
tr	NN	The gleam in her long , extraordinary strawberry blond hair transformed her into a pale icon of dazzling light .
tr	NN	Sweet Dove traced a finger over his tats .
tr	NNS	There were many wolves out there in the world .
tr	NNS	Momma 's sobs were almost as loud as the boys ' .
tr	NN	Your squad commander outranks everyone else .
tr	NNS	Luxury estates weren 't my specialty field , but even I could see the estate wasn 't worth it .
tr	NN	So the Compound knew that he had left .
tr	NNS	On the front rows were little pockets of distressed souls who Nicholas was certain had to be the jury experts .
tr	NNS	Things have changed since the Paisley Glen Cinema fire .
tr	NN	Your Grandfather was obviously a special man and the watch is a fitting tribute to his affection for you . "
tr	NN	" My great-grandmother is down there .
tr	NN	Run another quarter mile ?
tr	NNS	Or even your grandparents or foster parents . "
tr	NNS	Things had obviously not gone according to plan .
tr	NNS	The warriors would concentrate on the fight , and the one who remained standing would then claim the female .
tr	NNS	Flames burst out wherever your gaze lands .
tr	NN	The poof and subsequent explosion told him his black stake had done its trick as he sought Brim 's eyes .
tr	NN	A disapproving look creeps onto his face .
tr	NN	Last agent on this was Drew , and he 's a ' he ' best I could figure .
tr	NN	The spark 's still there when his eyes meet mine , but it 's lessened somehow .
tr	NNS	The local ladies will be much happier to receive an invitation from you . "
tr	NN	One knight most scholars believe actually did exist was Corr .
tr	NNS	However , the mattress provided some protection from burglars .
tr	NNS	The murmurs are back for a few moments .
tr	NN	A pounding roar of white noise deafened him .
tr	NN	The ledge above became undermined , groaned and began pealing away .
tr	NN	Thankfully , the captain didn 't see the title before she opened it .
tr	NN	But my loyalty will always be to the Thunder God Warriors and I honestly hope I never have to leave militia service .
tr	NNS	My boobs look amazing .
tr	NNS	The cousins could see that the Angel was evidently disturbed .
tr	NNS	Others say it feels like the gag reflex in your throat kicks in without warning .
tr	NNS	Fierce but sweet , her kisses had always driven him to madness .
tr	NN	But that crown of hers was just getting in the way .
tr	NNS	His followers are around him .
tr	NN	After having its fill of the gazelle , the killer leopard escaped into the wild grass .
tr	NN	Another slide and she shattered into fragmented pieces of herself .
tr	NN	The notion excited him .
tr	NNS	High rises dominated the downtown district .
tr	NNS	Metal gates cover the shops , and the fountains aren 't flowing .
tr	NNS	The edges of the closet became less fuzzy .
tr	NNS	Our footsteps made hollow , echoing sounds as we walked across the floor .
tr	NNS	Her fears , her youth , were responsible for reducing his greatness to mindless savagery .
tr	NNS	All along the sidelines , crazed fans were jumping around , screaming their brains out , and playing air guitar .
tr	NNS	Full stomachs will keep those sticks flying . "
tr	NNS	" No , " al ' Thor snapped .
tr	NNS	Screams rang out from the surrounding streets .
tr	NNS	" Things will be different . "
tr	NNS	Others were already worrying about how they would be received by the territories .
tr	NN	This psycho was going to have his way with me and there was nothing I could do about it .
tr	NNS	The Dark Witches specialized in making potions and casting spells .
tr	NNS	Lights turned on and illuminated the area .
tr	NNS	There weren 't too many creatures that would tangle with a dragon , but the Shadow was one of them .
tr	NN	There was a tail fin that was nicked during the battle .
tr	NNS	" How exactly did two chains break ?
tr	NNS	Marius was quietly stunned .
tr	NN	The Guild had won .
tr	NN	The captain returns ; everything is in order .
tr	NN	Gary 's guardian hadn 't been joking .
tr	NN	The harshness of his reply startled even some of the angrier jurors , but there was no break in their unity .
tr	NNS	' Things are falling into place .
tr	NNS	His new recruits discovered that unlike television shows and movies , this was real life .
tr	NNS	His ancestors had been the equivalent to royalty in this capitalist society .
tr	NNS	Beautiful diminutive creatures , with flowing white hair and gazes that could charm humans and Descendants alike , glided before him .
tr	NN	Maggie 's sharp bark of laughter let me know that she too thought my question of choice was a total joke .
tr	NNS	There were ghosts where there weren 't ghosts before .
tr	NN	The melody resumed and drifted closer .
tr	NNS	The surface temperatures of most oceans were near boiling .
tr	NN	There was no explanation .
tr	NNS	The streams and rivers are a fisherman 's paradise .
tr	NN	About halfway through class , boredom compelled me to go to the bathroom and wash my face .
tr	NN	A red haze of rage blinded Domenico when he saw William whispering to Misty .
tr	NNS	Things were getting too out of hand for him .
tr	NN	The Program is after you .
tr	NNS	Several loud shots ricocheted through the tunnel , one of the bullets whizzing past my ear .
tr	NN	There 's a new player in the game .
tr	NN	the 911 operator interrupted .
tr	NNS	Sandra 's nostrils narrowed and flared thinking of the possible smells .
tr	NNS	Rufus was big and heavy ; Bat was lighter and a shade faster .
tr	NN	" We know they 've raised themselves into an army , " says the birthmark .
tr	NN	Love said to John looking about him .
tr	NNS	Below the skids , dark figures ran across the hellish landscape of the burning ghost town .
tr	NNS	" Take him , " the prince commands , and the crowd surges forward .
tr	NNS	As soon as the elevator opened , a gorgeous , tall blond glided out , leaving a trail of heavy perfume behind her .
tr	NN	The security briefing he 'd received burned in the back of Weil 's mind .
tr	NN	Her aura , I saw , was green .
tr	NN	" An arrangement , " she felt compelled to point out .
tr	NNS	Things got quiet again .
tr	NNS	Car horns honked , blaring loudly .
tr	NNS	The scales lay waiting to pronounce their verdict .
tr	NN	The heavy tail thumped once .
tr	NN	I don , t know what to make of all that yet .
tr	NNS	Clearly my priorities were not what they should be .
tr	NNS	Blond strands framed his face as he bent forward , accenting the hard lines of his cheeks and jaw .
tr	NNS	And poppers ads were a huge chunk of revenue for the gay magazines .
tr	NN	By then , my legend had grown , and I 'd been promoted .
tr	NN	the knight asked Drake .
tr	NNS	Others were texting or playing with their phones .
tr	NNS	Dead pupils stared back at Amanda .
tr	NN	She felt Lucas beside her , his hand clutching hers as he helped her to her feet .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids drifted closed , feeling a sting of rejection .
tr	NN	The birthday she got me my lip piercing .
tr	NNS	" Could our foes have anticipated our destination ? "
tr	NNS	This early on a summer morning , only a few nurses would be in the building .
tr	NNS	The matted locks fell over her shoulders and smelled like dough .
tr	NN	Magic 's overwhelming guilt resurfaced .
tr	NNS	The targets are in the cities .
tr	NN	The receptionist stood and moved away from her post .
tr	NNS	His wet kisses moved down my neck , over my collarbone .
tr	NN	Moments later , applause and cheering came from the crew who had been held spellbound by the scene .
tr	NNS	Suddenly the kid 's shouts turned to screams of fear , looking back over her shoulder she realized the car was rolling .
tr	NN	The conviction on McHugh 's face and in his speech bothered Graeme .
tr	NN	The cobblestone courtyard circled a round multi-tiered fountain .
tr	NN	The shrinking rectangle of light at the top of the chimney looked down on me from above .
tr	NN	Colleen 's gratitude was some solace in the face of how things had turned out .
tr	NN	The werewolf swept the creature off its feet and jerked it up , one enormous clawed hand constricting the beast 's throat .
tr	NN	" You cannot overcome fear unless you face it , " the dragon interrupted her .
tr	NNS	Did twenty-year-old virgins even exist in this day and age ?
tr	NNS	The seas had calmed considerably .
tr	NN	The old goblin rose from the table reluctantly .
tr	NN	" There 's a dock where you tie up to fuel and from that dock a long ramp leads up to the store .
tr	NN	My partner needed to sober up , too , though he was currently sawing logs in our bed .
tr	NNS	There were three more booms in the distance , louder this time . '
tr	NNS	The notebooks will help , but they must be translated into local languages and reproduced as quickly as possible .
tr	NNS	The love scenes in such stories held an interest for her that she had never stopped to analyze .
tr	NNS	The flashlights swung in confusion .
tr	NNS	There were the supplies and spare weapons , wives and children , prostitutes and traders , of the powerful army .
tr	NNS	The nurses moved around the bed like leaves in a whirlwind , touching , prodding , pressing , verifying .
tr	NNS	His dark sunglasses hid his light brown probing eyes .
tr	NN	The audience could see that Lea was starting to fall on her back , heading straight to the mat .
tr	NNS	In some places fibrous mossy strands hung down .
tr	NNS	Ocean species are simply too numerous . "
tr	NNS	There were so many weak spots , so many easy points of entry , Dagmar was shocked no one had tried before now .
tr	NN	Maybe the spider had only spit on my leg because I had startled it by moving in my sleep .
tr	NN	9 Hosni paced anxiously across the dank holding cell , the now slightly thicker layer of water on the floor sloshed beneath him .
tr	NN	" Holy shit , there 's even electricity ! "
tr	NN	Her accomplice didn 't make it .
tr	NN	There was no over-the-top wedding gown or a tux with tails .
tr	NNS	Mindy 's travels took her through multiple careers .
tr	NN	The elegantly cut dark blue business suit he wore only emphasized the muscular body beneath .
tr	NNS	Were his grandparents home ?
tr	NN	Some undead fan had groomed him for the evening .
tr	NN	The entry logs show that no maintenance team intervened . "
tr	NNS	Things could be a hell of a lot worse , something I tell myself in order to keep moving as I walk out of the apartment .
tr	NNS	Her CAT scans continued to come up clear .
tr	NN	Her robe was smoldering , he realized with a start , and he quickly stripped it off her .
tr	NNS	A shaft of light beamed down at an angle from a gap in the canopy , insects whirled in the sun , their wings catching fire .
tr	NNS	* * * * * Chuck 's suspicions about the detectives seemed beyond doubt three days later when no one had heard from them .
tr	NN	The teacher and everybody in the room gasped .
tr	NN	" Love is stronger than any law . "
tr	NN	The archer and the bright one exchanged a confused glance .
tr	NN	A strong but cautious thrust forward puts him at the crest of the hill , body tense and alert , eyes scanning the shallow gully below him .
tr	NN	The gown had given her a surface shell of composure , but inside , her stomach was knotted .
tr	NNS	Fashionable ladies have too much work to do . "
tr	NNS	exclaimed Angelica as she and Maia bounded off the bed .
tr	NNS	Things weren 't going the way he 'd hoped , but if his wife noticed he was gone , they 'd get even worse .
tr	NN	" My first inclination would be to have you destroy the device , destroy your records , and never speak of this again .
tr	NN	The ignited liquid splattered on him and he cursed , tamping the fire out with swats of his hands .
tr	NNS	The pangs in Zane 's chest were the labored beating of his heart as he tried to absorb what Ty was telling him .
tr	NNS	Words failed Amira entirely .
tr	NNS	All five electric pump motors that brought the fuel from the underground tanks to the surface were new and thus they were all dead .
tr	NNS	Things have gone from bad to worse as another Sin has decided to pursue me as well .
tr	NN	" Well , there will be repercussions for this , I can assure you , " the Louisiana ' observer ' threatened .
tr	NN	The Master offers us the choice to escape from evil and to fight for good .
tr	NN	Not a mummified replica of a human like the rest of us souls here , whether pink or gray .
tr	NNS	Suddenly , other Sentinels appeared firing laser pulses at Hannah .
tr	NNS	Things did not have to be this way , I offered to talk things out and you refused because of your short temper .
tr	NN	The cart would hold all of us if we scooted tightly together .
tr	NN	" Your daddy 's drinking buddies , they gone off drinking .
tr	NNS	She had three beers woven between her fingers , their caps pressed together .
tr	NNS	A few crows zoomed up out of the tops of the trees and started circling around and around in the sky above .
tr	NNS	Just like that , her defenses burned to life .
tr	NN	Her honesty never failed to both amuse and arouse him , and he wasn 't about to take no for an answer .
tr	NN	The fourth scenario is the one that I refuse to allow .
tr	NN	Not the Reapers ' skeleton , thank god .
tr	NNS	All cats live in the moment but Henry seemed to make it a special quality .
tr	NNS	Cassius watched as Lily and Scott stepped onto the street below .
tr	NN	Singer 's tail moved back and forth , like a wave .
tr	NN	" The bastard 's mine . "
tr	NN	The spider was not to be seen .
tr	NNS	Two items dropped out .
tr	NN	The squirrel raced after the rabbit , turning a couple of somersaults on the way .
tr	NNS	The usual whispers and fidgets snuffed out like candle flames , until the great room was utterly still .
tr	NNS	Where do the lies stop , Mulroney ?
tr	NNS	The dripping wetness of blood filled his grip , but it was only a small scratch , and not enough to stop the next attack from coming .
tr	NNS	A few bits , he says , when we nearly got our heads blown off . '
tr	NNS	Images flashed through her mind .
tr	NNS	Alexis says as she shrugs her shoulders .
tr	NNS	Dad 's footsteps thumped around the corner , and I tried pulling at Mom 's coat .
tr	NNS	The red T-shirt Male stumbles from the impact then disappears from the wooden stage , falling out of sight of the camera .
tr	NNS	All but the warriors fell into laughter .
tr	NN	A neighbor witnessing him carrying an unconscious woman into a dark house could make trouble .
tr	NN	Part of me hoped he 'd just disappear after warning me not to tag .
tr	NNS	The four teachers headed away .
tr	NNS	Others might not be as forgiving . "
tr	NN	Its tail was high in the air , flicking nervously from side to side .
tr	NNS	Inside the house , the servants were still in hiding .
tr	NNS	Would wonders never cease ?
tr	NN	Jason 's vague premonition was beginning to solidify .
tr	NN	This election is extremely important to James .
tr	NNS	There were aromas that I was not used to smelling beyond the salty water .
tr	NN	The top shelf was empty .
tr	NNS	" Others of course , found more lethal applications . "
tr	NN	A roar of fury suddenly reverberated throughout the massive cavern .
tr	NNS	And the young sales girl ?
tr	NNS	The neatly tilled rows stretching out in front of him caused a pang in his chest .
tr	NNS	But the figures were the true glory of the picture .
tr	NN	" The vid , " Elder says , his voice low .
tr	NN	" This decoded email came in to six on the Russian desk only this morning .
tr	NN	" The teacher says I 've gotten better , but I still have to work on a few things .
tr	NN	That acknowledgment would only make matters worse .
tr	NN	On the left lapel was a strip of plastic with the words " Doctor Earnest Jones " emblazoned thereon .
tr	NN	The wraith then used what looked like a single chop stick to swirl the blood together .
tr	NNS	Things had fallen apart when he 'd tricked me into a quest designed to conquer a kingdom I didn 't want .
tr	NNS	His responsibilities are great right now .
tr	NN	" If Danika saw the heavens , she 's in the heavens , " the grandmother said .
tr	NN	Dying and going to heaven didn 't automatically make one an angel .
tr	NN	She turned back , no survival instinct left .
tr	NNS	And then there were the prostitutes in bright dresses sitting on their front porches .
tr	NNS	The wolves close to them attacked .
tr	NN	By the time I blinked again , the goddess was looking in the opposite direction .
tr	NN	" Uncle Abram was right about one thing : To these men , honor is everything .
tr	NN	The jaguar did this .
tr	NN	the Prophet screamed , pointing .
tr	NNS	Even the regular-sized rats back home would attack a person if they were helpless .
tr	NNS	Lazy , sluggish movements that were slightly embarrassing to watch .
tr	NN	A long , silver carpet with blue swirls covering it stretched across the wood floor from the door to the stage .
tr	NNS	Looks like I had every reason to be worried .
tr	NN	Before the ozone layer deteriorated , before the pollutants mutated the creatures into something horrible different .
tr	NN	The slice that had opened Zev 's arm worried Fen .
tr	NNS	There were still a few strands of gray at his temples that hadn 't taken the dye .
tr	NNS	Lynette 's fingernails dug into his forearms as he rolled his h * ps and pushed into her .
tr	NN	An impasse , he called it .
tr	NN	She should have listened , should have demanded he hire an assistant , take a vacation , something .
tr	NN	Unexpected dizziness assaulted her .
tr	NN	The Chinese government is happy that the businesses produce there .
tr	NNS	Plans that required me not being weak .
tr	NN	The attorney gave her an occasional nod as he continued to take it all down until she mentioned her husband 's line of work .
tr	NNS	A dozen more jumps and he 'd be home free .
tr	NNS	The sails whipped in the wind , and the landscape seemed distant and far , far away .
tr	NN	" I ain 't afraid of no nerds , " spoke an old retired army sergeant who came walking up behind the others as they talked .
tr	NN	" Let us have some fun too , " a weasel faced man complained .
tr	NN	A two-way progress report , he guessed , first medical , then legal .
tr	NN	" What a freaking slob ?
tr	NN	One ha ' penny , two ha ' penny , hot cross buns .
tr	NN	A strong warrior honed by the fires of battle .
tr	NNS	More sobs burst from my lungs , like lava from a volcano and they came in a torrential downpour of emotion I wasn 't prepared for .
tr	NN	The tuxedo he wore set off his rugged , handsome features , but he looked uncomfortable .
tr	NN	Inside , the garage was dark .
tr	NN	His reputation sure seemed to get around .
tr	NNS	His pupils don 't follow .
tr	NNS	Looks like Jade 's got a new partner in crime . "
tr	NN	The ritual always had a soothing effect on her , calmed her nerves .
tr	NNS	" Soldiers to turn the tide in humanity 's favor -- to staunch the flow of innocent blood .
tr	NN	This language was rougher .
tr	NN	The directory showed no names at all .
tr	NNS	Words had always been her only weapon .
tr	NN	And the brief hesitation cost him , because now Hunter was in the room with them as well .
tr	NNS	But his instincts pulled hard .
tr	NNS	Things just sort of happened and he went along with the flow , like a cork bobbing atop the waves .
tr	NN	Outside under the fresh heavenly dew and everywhere already the green of the grass and of the foliage of the trees and bushes had sprouted up .
tr	NNS	Girls like Allie joined sororities and partied with rich frat boys .
tr	NN	And the job description plastered across the top of the papers made me giddy .
tr	NNS	Plump apples dangled enticingly from the limbs or were scattered everywhere in the grass , not even a nibble taken from the skin .
tr	NNS	The only persons who can help seal away your mind are you and me .
tr	NNS	Behind her stood several other members of Yellow .
tr	NN	The status of seventy-seven children was the point of contention .
tr	NNS	His fears were there , too .
tr	NNS	Little puffs of frost rose from their nostrils .
tr	NNS	Words , cries , pleas , hovered just below the surface .
tr	NN	The young fighter had never felt so defeated .
tr	NNS	Bugs leapt from the coach as Brock tossed the driver some coin .
tr	NN	" That pilot 's almost as old as I am .
tr	NN	Despair oozed from the cellar .
tr	NN	The bullet hit the ground with a thud , and Callum set the knife to the side , his hands sliding down my arms .
tr	NN	A stir in my thighs instantly confirms that my body definitely would appreciate that .
tr	NNS	Thoughts began to slide .
tr	NN	His pulse raced , and I fought not to bite in too quickly , not to rush the pleasure of it .
tr	NN	My orgasm ripped through me at his command .
tr	NNS	The figures in the bed sat up , shrieking , and as they did , I saw the light fall on a familiar pink stripe .
tr	NN	His tail thumps the floor as I scratch behind his ears .
tr	NNS	Three more gunmen emerged through the doors , herding more hostages .
tr	NN	My master taught me the Italian school .
tr	NNS	Several strange objects floated over the city like swans floating on a still lake .
tr	NNS	Memorizing lists and words was easy .
tr	NN	Oh , ho , ho , ' t is no wonder , thar 's nothin ' but the sweet trade fer me . "
tr	NNS	The twins quietly watched the others in the room and talked amongst themselves .
tr	NNS	The creatures swiped their blades through the air , screaming their disturbing roar as they waited for battle .
tr	NNS	Myles had come to find her and was watching as she put the phone down .
tr	NN	The thrill of the fight wound tightly inside me like a loaded spring ready to explode .
tr	NNS	Things have a way of coming back to haunt you . "
tr	NNS	The mattress sagged slightly under his weight as he climbed back into the bed and pulled her up on her knees .
tr	NNS	" Things seldom are . "
tr	NN	The entire coven stared at her , appalled .
tr	NN	The second fellow elbowed the one who 'd interrupted him and continued .
tr	NN	The announcement deepens into a well-rehearsed bellow .
tr	NN	A tape recorder appeared .
tr	NNS	There were too many ' likes ' in that sentence .
tr	NNS	Instantly , the edges blunted , as he shielded her from his raging need , but it was too late for that .
tr	NNS	Her fans violently adore her .
tr	NNS	But threatening growls from the mech wolves froze him in place .
tr	NN	With every step , the internal conflict disappeared , and the perpetual state of bitchiness that I was used to took over .
tr	NNS	Huge ferns grow all around me .
tr	NNS	My classmates were all genuinely decent young men , despite the swearing .
tr	NN	Memory rushed back , bringing with it his first name , too .
tr	NN	Shortly afterward , a deputy by the name of Carson came out of that office , and walked into dispatch .
tr	NNS	The bars of a slow song filled the room , and Asher 's grin turned suggestive as he held out a hand .
tr	NN	The torn , scarred and rotting stumps of trees that dotted the plain had awoken .
tr	NNS	My eyelids flutter open .
tr	NN	There was sympathy in his expression , as though my entire history and family drama were playing before his eyes .
tr	NNS	Her movements seemed very careful as she turned to face me .
tr	NN	The first violent stab of his knife had to be decisive .
tr	NN	The car should start , the gas was the important thing .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids slowly shut on a smile lit from inside as she eased from her side onto her back .
tr	NNS	Things on the freeway had sidetracked him .
tr	NN	There was a Man Wolf Facebook page , and a Man Wolf poetry contest on YouTube .
tr	NN	His yells made the rest turn , some of them letting the bullets fly .
tr	NN	That reeking humming hoard stayed in the city and then froze to it when winter came on suddenly that year .
tr	NNS	Stephanie 's checks through council and electoral registry channels had delivered the information he wanted .
tr	NNS	The pirates laughed again , treating him like a monkey at the zoo .
tr	NN	A curvy redhead approached the Maddox table , and hugged Trenton .
tr	NNS	The sirens speak in unison .
tr	NNS	All coating and coloring materials made of molecules that probably started their journey to Springdale , Arkansas from deep beneath the sands of Saudi Arabia .
tr	NNS	Shedding a blizzard of sparks , burning boards snapped apart , and a sprawling wave of flame washed into the yard ahead of the attacking troops .
tr	NNS	Makes sparks into explosions , Sye thought , Of course that 's Zook .
tr	NNS	The other eight members of our team are waiting in the back of the craft .
tr	NNS	At least two pairs of hands clamp each limb .
tr	NNS	The First Counselor 's demands were just an excuse . "
tr	NN	But the lifeboat punctured out at sea , trapping them .
tr	NN	Over the intercom , a drill sergeant announced that it was time for dinner .
tr	NNS	Looks like it 's going to rain tonight . "
tr	NNS	The cushions seem to wrap around him .
tr	NNS	The streetlights became fewer and farther in between , and there were empty storefronts and derelict buildings .
tr	NNS	Behind him rose the steep , dark walls of the Castle , the battlements outlined crisply against the cold , bright starry sky .
tr	NN	The receptionist gave him a polite smile .
tr	NN	One firefighter said a fire starts every week because of leftover engine oil or whatnot .
tr	NNS	" The coaches already know who they 're picking .
tr	NN	The habit of anonymity was too strong in him .
tr	NN	As she spoke , a prickle of fear crawled across my neck .
tr	NNS	The frogs were singing and singing , a lovely sound , very strong and loud compared to the more gentle sound of garden cicadas .
tr	NNS	Your living quarters at Headquarters will be small and you will have to share with others .
tr	NNS	Of course , millions of rats would die ... ' They die anyway .
tr	NNS	The two travelers stole away through the valley of shadow in the dead of night .
tr	NN	Love didn 't know whether to feel glad or insulted .
tr	NNS	The black creatures knew there were travelers in the valley and one had been injured .
tr	NN	Her absence stings worst of all .
tr	NNS	Finally , the calculations were complete .
tr	NNS	The silky strands rub the spot between my fingers and I press my lips to her head .
tr	NNS	" Grub worms are protein . "
tr	NN	But the rocking from the waves would be an interesting element .
tr	NNS	Looks like it 's outside and around the back . "
tr	NN	The receptionist looked wary .
tr	NNS	Lights switched on and buildings lit up from the inside out as I sipped my wine , watching the city come alive .
tr	NN	" The second creation was a shape-shifter .
tr	NNS	" You know , our mothers aren 't really that different . "
tr	NN	Maybe firing up his five showerheads would help .
tr	NN	Just a little farther and we 'll hit .
tr	NNS	" Mostly ports , Lisbon , Sevilla , Le Havre , Portsmouth , places like that . "
tr	NN	The dizziness was still extreme , but was diminishing .
tr	NNS	Witches hated to break tradition , and the Coven that lived in the city had lived there for centuries .
tr	NN	If she 'd pushed against that energy another moment longer , her Jewel would have broken , and her mind would probably have shattered with it .
tr	NNS	" The minions send them out when the shadows fall to try to locate us .
tr	NNS	Gramps is coming our way now .
tr	NNS	The changes he had been going through , and hearing that his roommate can turn into an animal was driving Finn to his breaking point .
tr	NN	A measure of his love was his willingness to stand by and watch her fly off on her own .
tr	NN	The corporal hesitated as he looked at the long list .
tr	NN	The stench suddenly hit him -- a mixture of rotting bins , stale urine , and alcohol .
tr	NN	His grandmother 's funeral ... It tore him apart .
tr	NN	Then the pendant 's poison would erase your mind permanently . "
tr	NN	His entire stance stiffened and his face tightened in rage .
tr	NNS	More members of the clan filtered in and then his brothers appeared .
tr	NNS	Romulus pushed back his sweaty blond hair .
tr	NNS	Long aisles of cages constructed of clear panels stretched from one end of the lab building to the other .
tr	NN	A small pit of worry formed in the bottom of my stomach .
tr	NNS	The couples or the bride 's or groom 's parents often host events over a two - or three-day period .
tr	NN	The uncertainty of a new technology married to a dying one .
tr	NN	When Amelia recoiled in shocked silence , her vengeful mother-in-law took another opportunity to vent her anger .
tr	NN	" The marina 's one of his favorite places . "
tr	NNS	Parts of the house above her rained down .
tr	NNS	" Hi ladies , " MiMi said with her brightest smile .
tr	NN	Mundane , superficial commentary really irked her , especially in the morning .
tr	NN	The lamp on the desk was sufficient for him to read a little .
tr	NN	Her video was all I saw from that point on because I was out cold .
tr	NN	He was still smiling but there was a fire in Jake 's eyes now and he struck harder , the clash of steel echoed over the island .
tr	NNS	Looks like it 's working . "
tr	NN	There was little honor or trust between thieves .
tr	NNS	The sirens grew louder , nearer .
tr	NNS	Mages fired ice bolts , skyscrapers fell , and wards flared into life , keeping undesirables from my house .
tr	NN	A book review is a great way to let me know if you enjoyed my work .
tr	NN	A deputy , with gun drawn , appeared on the right side of the truck and pointed his weapon through the open passenger 's side window .
tr	NNS	" New situations , " I said .
tr	NN	His father Lucan rules over us ; he is our King and Kiran is the Crown Prince .
tr	NN	The siren screamed away into the distance , leaving the kitchen quiet and motionless .
tr	NNS	The creatures sat silently in each cage , intently watching Lily and Leo as they entered the room .
tr	NNS	Nicolae had imparted that knowledge to her , techniques only one of his kind should have .
tr	NN	His gamble had paid off handsomely , but Kincaid was no fool .
tr	NN	This engagement is a lost cause ! "
tr	NNS	Marius appeared out of the smoke in front of the elevator , brushing off the sleeves of his thick jacket .
tr	NN	Her much-needed absence totally released the tension I 'd been holding in my shoulders all day .
tr	NNS	The other apprentices stopped sparring and turned their attention to the two .
tr	NN	Love is a war ! "
tr	NN	When Lancaster had graduated , his daddy gave him a television show and of course , the blonde tagged along after him .
tr	NN	A caramel wrapper with a tiny blob stuck to the corner .
tr	NNS	Some vamps had less self-control when it came to fairies than others did .
tr	NNS	A few forlorn drops of soup and some wilted salad remained .
tr	NN	There was only one other option : attack .
tr	NN	A small sob escaped me .
tr	NN	The clearing was small , surrounded by a tight circle of trees .
tr	NN	Over his shoulders , the wall-to-wall bookcase was overflowing with books .
tr	NNS	Werewolves had served their military contracts with dedication since Queen Elizabeth first integrated them , but they had always strived to keep pack protocol separate .
tr	NN	The crystal doorknob jiggled and began to turn .
tr	NNS	My sister walks out , the hoops gone from her lip and her eyebrow .
tr	NN	By the time the commander realized what had happened , we were long gone , and they didn 't have any way of chasing after us .
tr	NN	My uncle , out of gratitude for what he had done , agreed to let him .
tr	NNS	Rats scampered away from him .
tr	NN	Her orgasm hit and he stopped thinking .
tr	NN	" Your escort awaits you at the table . "
tr	NNS	Then there were several different types of fruit , a few different styles of omelettes , and juice as well as something that tasted suspiciously like coffee .
tr	NNS	The endless possibilities swam through my mind , making me dizzy .
tr	NNS	Other servants stared off into space , ignoring his jittery back and forth during the hours of the morning .
tr	NNS	Four pairs of eyes widened with anticipation . '
tr	NNS	" Dark curses fade ? "
tr	NN	There was a grunt from under the cot .
tr	NNS	Her eye movements controlled the scrolling , and with a few rolls downward , she arrived at what she wanted .
tr	NN	His hesitation made Mrs. McCormack nervous .
tr	NNS	All my gears crushed one another into dust .
tr	NNS	Soldiers question all who travel .
tr	NNS	My hopes are dropping like the stock market .
tr	NN	The pilot must have known Strom was after him now , because the Reaper suddenly went into a nosedive straight down to the planet .
tr	NN	Suddenly a bulging eyeball gazed back at me .
tr	NN	How guilt played a bigger role than sadness .
tr	NNS	My headaches worsened because of the weaning , but I had to force myself to suffer through the pain .
tr	NN	Teeth clattering , Alicia lifted her leaden leg , shivered .
tr	NNS	He swooped toward us with speed the guardians might have admired and had the audacity to grab Sydney 's left hand .
tr	NN	Even a troll should know the limits of his stupidity .
tr	NN	Some similar notion must have crossed Eda 's mind , because Adele could see indignation in her friend 's face .
tr	NNS	But the signs would come soon enough .
tr	NNS	My cats were worthless and couldn 't be counted on to kill a spider , let alone catch a bat .
tr	NN	My first instinct was to turn and run , but I didn 't .
tr	NNS	More static sounded over his comm .
tr	NNS	The effects had been - were - devastating , yes , but thankfully modern medicine had helped contain the outbreak .
tr	NN	The peak rose from the dark emerald jungles of the Yucatan Peninsula , where Mexico bordered its southern neighbor of Belize .
tr	NN	The committee was speechless for a moment .
tr	NNS	Charlotte 's footsteps crunched through the dead grass .
tr	NN	A dark , twisted theory that brought my level of disgust for these master puppeteer Fates to a new low .
tr	NNS	The two captives looked out between the slats of the cage and saw that the courtyard was vacant except for the guards posted nearby .
tr	NNS	Things ... haven 't gone well .
tr	NN	The birth was getting close and the panting and groaning more intense , with much less time between contractions .
tr	NNS	All the human efforts at instilling pride in the clones had vanished before the taunts .
tr	NNS	His chances of reaching it if he swam for it , especially with the dent in his head , weren 't good .
tr	NNS	The twins are a handful , and Ginny is getting easier as she gets older .
tr	NN	Your government made the real money and graft , but it 's easier to take the blame out on us .
tr	NN	The tail lifted again .
tr	NNS	" Not a problem " Franz replied .
tr	NN	His kilt flapped against his legs while his cloak trailed behind him like a billowing cape .
tr	NN	A calculated dimple appeared in her cheek .
tr	NNS	" The woman held an empty ceramic flask , its contents long since dried and evaporated into aether .
tr	NNS	Myles told me . "
tr	NN	Unfortunately , her canvas encompassed his whole cabin .
tr	NN	His hands slide into my hair and the kiss turns hungry .
tr	NN	His arsenal against Kathy grew .
tr	NN	" The sheriff has just stepped out .
tr	NNS	His sneakers make a sucking noise as he stands up .
tr	NN	When the tree became still , Song smiled brightly .
tr	NNS	A few shouts of agreement rose up from the room .
tr	NNS	Romulus pulled his length of Fire Wire from his pack and tied one end to the iron spike on top of the octagonal roof .
tr	NNS	The engraved letters of the epitaph snapped into single-file lines .
tr	NN	Each dollar was precious and I knew I 'd need money to build a case against Walt and expose the bastard for what he was .
tr	NN	Victoria 's aura pulsed through him .
tr	NN	Reality is , after all , only perception . '
tr	NNS	Cadmus pulled me to him gently and any lingering doubts that I had vanished with his kiss .
tr	NNS	Yet the axis of truth shifted just a little in the cosmology that made up Banning 's beliefs .
tr	NN	The searching tube moved away .
tr	NNS	The sails flapped violently as the boat pitched with each swell .
tr	NNS	" Apology cards , " she says , laughing as she speaks .
tr	NN	A gap in the boards gave him a view , as the cart turned the corner , of the waiting crowds .
tr	NN	A medic ran over to him , but Jim waved the man away saying he was alright .
tr	NNS	Cold eggs were just fine with her .
tr	NNS	Hard bits also rolled around on my fingers .
tr	NNS	The wetness felt familiar .
tr	NN	The euphoria soon waned , though , as the work began .
tr	NNS	When his zipper eased down with a hiss , her eyelids flew back open .
tr	NN	Part of me doesn 't .
tr	NN	The small pond was at the far end of the homestead , tucked in against the woods .
tr	NN	" Keep up , " the team leader barked .
tr	NNS	Two halves of the same atom brought back to make one that was infinitely stronger .
tr	NNS	All the myths , all the legends , all the magic is real .
tr	NNS	His preparations were complete , and nothing could stop him now .
tr	NNS	Girls gave him enough trouble at home .
tr	NN	There was a narrow staircase leading downward .
tr	NN	To their amazement , the integrity of the reflection , or deviation from the theoretical result , was immeasurable .
tr	NN	The dwarf shrank back , eyes wide .
tr	NN	His guilt over my screw-up jams that knife in me again .
tr	NN	And then , suddenly , his annoyance faded .
tr	NNS	Various drips penetrate his skin through holes in his surgical vest .
tr	NNS	His hairless , questioning brow said what his mouth could not , " What the heck is going on ? "
tr	NN	Part of me didn 't want to know what he hadn 't been truthful about , but I couldn 't - wouldn 't - run from this .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of Robyn brought him out from the blackness of his mind .
tr	NNS	Two quick taps provided the answer that everything was alright .
tr	NN	The clearing in the woods was much larger than the one at the heart of the Tides ' compound .
tr	NN	That same oracle who chose our team wanted you here , Jason .
tr	NN	Tonight only fifty to sixty people filled the home , while on New Year 's Eve the numbers swelled closer to two hundred .
tr	NNS	Then there were more footsteps .
tr	NNS	Doors opened and shut in the hallway outside the room , and there were voices , muted but distinct .
tr	NNS	The two pirates who had been rowing jumped out and pulled the rowboat out of the water until the hull scraped noisily against the sandy beach .
tr	NN	Chance backed her up against the window .
tr	NN	The man walked quickly over , the valet drone trailing him like a toy balloon strung to a child 's wrist .
tr	NN	A plasma appears among the naked eyeballs .
tr	NNS	Small glowing bulbs sprouted overhead like clusters of Christmas lights .
tr	NN	The only condition is that if you take it , a man in China will fall o his bicycle and die .
tr	NN	A little Vampire magic ? "
tr	NNS	His special skills didn 't help him to find her .
tr	NN	No wonder Vel left .
tr	NNS	Things might have gone quite differently if I had been .
tr	NNS	What counts ... is what we do . "
tr	NNS	Mr. Marley 's accommodations were larger and more convenient than Mr. Scrooge 's .
tr	NNS	Cassius prepared to welcome friends .
tr	NNS	Others wobble but stay standing .
tr	NN	The audience was in uproar .
tr	NNS	His squad 's actions had drawn more citations than a dress suit could hold .
tr	NNS	Things are going to get worse before they get better , and I just don 't want to put you in the crossfire . "
tr	NNS	Things are well as far as I know .
tr	NN	Her pulse pounded so hard she was sure he must be able to feel it , but she didn 't care .
tr	NN	A large staircase led to the upper floor , and on the opposite side was a dining area with a variety of small wood tables and chairs .
tr	NNS	Thoughts and pain flitted across his face like shadows across the sand dunes .
tr	NNS	Lots of times the main dish would be fried chicken , rice and corn , with a slice of sweet corn bread .
tr	NNS	The creatures were flesh colored with not a single strand of hair on their wrinkled skin .
tr	NNS	Gunpowder burns had damaged the shirt , so it was obvious that someone had fired at point-blank range .
tr	NN	The one inviolable requirement was that they have no concept of other identity .
tr	NNS	A half dozen patrons hailed Connor the minute he stepped in the door .
tr	NNS	Maybe all crows were just creepy .
tr	NN	A layer of ground dust raced inward between the columns .
tr	NNS	" Who were the actors you guys practiced on ? "
tr	NNS	Inside , dwarves sat shackled to prisoner 's chairs near the front of the van 's hold .
tr	NNS	Others wanted to accompany us , but Sofia refused them all .
tr	NN	" This is the end of the line for me , " said the secretary .
tr	NNS	Beyond the wide steps and charming veranda lie a restaurant and bar areas that occupy the entire lower level .
tr	NNS	Others crawled up the bricks , some branching left , some branching right , others going straight up .
tr	NN	The newcomer coughed , lurching for the blanket like a fish trying to flop back into water .
tr	NNS	The emptiness inside her seemed to echo when she was with him .
tr	NN	Another pigeon landed on the window ledge .
tr	NNS	Alexis and Patrick kiss like lovers who 've been burning for each other .
tr	NNS	There are thousands and this hasn 't even been up for a day yet . "
tr	NNS	Looks like someone else had an extended summer break -- Europe .
tr	NNS	" What these baths are capable of doing . "
tr	NN	The duel would continue until someone was hit , even if multiple shots were needed .
tr	NN	The mayor gave him a worried look .
tr	NN	There was an outside staircase leading to an upper door .
tr	NN	Dare 's coping mechanism , pretending to be the happiest brother , had been a bizarre , opposite reaction to a dark , ugly situation .
tr	NNS	We are sitting together , inches apart , and will always be able to remember what we 've shared the last few days . "
tr	NN	The particle accelerator and containment bottle gave the middle nacelle its claw shaped appearance .
tr	NN	" How could an experienced admiral be so stupid as to take his ship so close to rocks ? "
tr	NNS	Tiny 's aviator goggles glowed with a purple sheen .
tr	NN	The restroom didn 't have a full-length mirror .
tr	NNS	" The chili is pretty spicy .
tr	NN	The bacon was the perfect level of crisp and when she bit down , she almost moaned .
tr	NNS	" Plus fees and interest , " said the man , with far more patience than I probably would 've had .
tr	NN	Besides the killing instinct , there was an instinct of survival , which made her more dangerous .
tr	NN	A plaque to the left of the doors said courtroom .
tr	NN	His thumb feathered over her wrist , found her pulse .
tr	NNS	His sunglasses had fallen .
tr	NNS	Though hesitant to try at first , his dining companions quickly warmed to the dish of rich gravy , creamy cheese curds , and crunchy fried potatoes .
tr	NNS	The cells are the physical brain , but those moving sparkles represent thought , the human mind . "
tr	NN	" There is no institute .
tr	NN	The trio watched as Aiden finished off the snake Lucas had injured , pelting the reptilian beast with a barrage of fireballs .
tr	NNS	Multiple tests eliminated such methods as a possibility .
tr	NNS	They were relatively alone , the upper floors of the parking garage sparse at the human lunch hour .
tr	NN	To the left , a spiral staircase curled up through the ceiling .
tr	NN	But then the latest translated page popped up .
tr	NNS	The true hardships came in March .
tr	NNS	My first instincts were to quickly wake my Dad .
tr	NNS	All her dinners were .
tr	NNS	The quarters are quite satisfactory . "
tr	NNS	Already , a warm dampness seeped between her thighs when she thought of making love to Nick .
tr	NN	" My first lieutenant , Gibbs , " Laurence said .
tr	NN	This vacation has been great ... " " My beloved , the politician , " Anakin huffed .
tr	NNS	No foot prints , no Indian , just the torch stuck in the crevice of a rock .
tr	NN	The vicar halted and stood in silence watching intently .
tr	NN	" You saw him just as you saw Blackbeard and the Roman general , Titus , my dear , " maintained the priest .
tr	NNS	Something astounding is happening between you .
tr	NNS	Those suits are ancient .
tr	NN	The farm equipment creaked and for a moment I realized if this stuff moved wrong we could end up getting crushed .
tr	NN	The exam I just finished was a killer . "
tr	NN	the maid timidly asked .
tr	NNS	When my last class was over , the butterflies flew to my belly as I realized that I was going to see Jonathan in a few minutes .
tr	NNS	The receipts were for buying liquor and the other necessities of keeping a bar running .
tr	NNS	Many readers preferred cupcakes , brownies , cakes , cookies and cake pops .
tr	NNS	These days , the news media reminds everyone it 's tornado season when the dogwoods bloom and spring causes me to sneeze until my head hurts .
tr	NNS	Flowers blossomed , leaves unfurled and the tree grew evermore .
tr	NNS	Lights flickered in the ceiling and from the open doorways on either side of the hall .
tr	NNS	Something unfortunate has happened with one of our projects , and I 'm being sent down to Melbourne to sort it out . "
tr	NN	The baron finished his third portion .
tr	NNS	Gee , the possibilities were endless .
tr	NN	Every instinct he possessed told him that she was a fraud , though what she hoped to gain by masquerading as Eva Black puzzled him .
tr	NN	A tremor slipped out and coated my voice .
tr	NNS	No art decorated the walls , no sculptures sat in the corners , no potted plants perched in the windows .
tr	NN	The cheer sweater is more or less a joke , skin tight and cutoff above the stomach .
tr	NNS	I mean , Ouija boards don 't work , right ? "
tr	NN	Stark hunger flared through his eyes .
tr	NNS	" My apologies , " he said .
tr	NN	" It 's them , " the search team leader told the others .
tr	NNS	How did the media find out ? "
tr	NNS	The directions said to take the path until it curved and there she would see a small clearing on the right .
tr	NNS	Things only got worse after that .
tr	NN	' A theology student turns pirate ? '
tr	NN	Silky blue with white lace , the gown was tight at the waist and through the bust , but had a large , flowing bottom .
tr	NNS	" Nothing speeds progress along like a little adversity . "
tr	NN	The maid brought in the tea , and she poured for him .
tr	NNS	Then butterflies are in my head swarming .
tr	NNS	The twins , hand in hand , were faster , even as they raced up a jagged set of stairs toward Angel Square , led by Helen .
tr	NN	The former envoy shook his head and left , and Hammond went to take a cutlass from the ready heap .
tr	NN	There was a prophecy that no one wanted to tell him about .
tr	NNS	" There are twelve planets in the Empire , and the twelfth is beyond the Oblivion Gateway , in another solar system . "
tr	NNS	The Three Orders began to mumble .
tr	NNS	" The wolves agreed to let you leave with the king -- on one condition . "
tr	NN	They did not know , where they were being taken , all that mattered was trying to stay alive .
tr	NN	Then the parchment vanished , the door opened , and Geoffrey returned .
tr	NN	He waited until Mac finally looked directly at him and said , 'm not kidding , Mac . "
tr	NNS	The appliances were all state of the art .
tr	NNS	Dimmer switches were essential , of course .
tr	NNS	Even the creature 's armoured scales and rib cage sliced open as if by magic .
tr	NN	The lightning enveloped them as well , dropping their burning bodies to the forest floor .
tr	NNS	Things were heating up .
tr	NN	The Sphinx could have claimed he had a prison that would hold me and impede my powers .
tr	NN	Overhead she hears a loud rumbling sound and a large commercial airplane flies above them .
tr	NNS	The other courts won 't help ... They 'll want the Forgotten destroyed .
tr	NN	A receptionist named Angela answered the phone .
tr	NN	' Love , ' said a well spoken voice .
tr	NN	Every year since the 2008 Financial Crisis , the government collected less tax revenue .
tr	NN	" It is curious , " Song replied .
tr	NN	Her subconscious was working overtime .
tr	NN	There was a museum in his honor , but I knew it would contain no original artifacts of the day .
tr	NN	" With a wonderful function planned . "
tr	NNS	Chills ran up her spine because she could feel his temper like both ice and fire , lashing out at her even though he hadn 't moved .
tr	NNS	Our flashlights cut through the black , and in the distance the sirens sounded like a stereo someone had left on .
tr	NNS	The conclusions my drugged mind had drawn flitted just out of reach , what had seemed so clear then now foggy and muddled .
tr	NNS	Lots of teeth , " Scotty said , shaking his head .
tr	NN	Chapter 12 The Wedding Party Throughout the summer of 1862 the planting and harvesting went well .
tr	NNS	The two mercenaries dragged them down another corridor .
tr	NN	Intercom beeping , we slid into a station , and as the doors opened the outside world inhaled and sucked the atmosphere from the carriage .
tr	NNS	Then , plunging their lances into the earth , the warriors drew their flashing sabres with a grand flourish .
tr	NN	The network was extensive and could not nearly all be seen in one afternoon .
tr	NN	The poor fellow was lucky to die at once , cut almost in two by the blow .
tr	NN	The sheriff sipped his coffee then leaned back in his chair and looked from one Lyndon to the other .
tr	NN	The shoreline was treacherous and slippery under their feet as the crew made their way toward the treeline .
tr	NN	" It is a sign of his creativity , " added Mark and he drank the cocktail .
tr	NNS	Things that didn 't scare her , but turned her on .
tr	NNS	Classes have only been going on for a week so the study rooms should be empty . "
tr	NN	The leopard nibbled delightfully , peeling the hide from the bone to get to the meat .
tr	NN	Hell , her uncle could even be one of the council members .
tr	NNS	" Three crowns left ?
tr	NNS	Others were drooling , and still others talked in their sleep or whispered nonsensical words as Hazel moved by .
tr	NN	His inquiry hadn 't come off as a question so much as an insinuation .
tr	NNS	There were scales covering its head and reaching down around its eyes .
tr	NN	The phoenix had just stalked inside .
tr	NNS	Any other races that can breed with humans are either very rare or gone altogether . "
tr	NNS	The screens remained linked , but the many Guards hastened to their positions .
tr	NNS	He saw happy families , lovers reunited , and hermits in solitude .
tr	NNS	The media had been playing up the whole blissful love story angle .
tr	NNS	There were so many deaths .
tr	NNS	Her tits squeeze together , almost popping from her top .
tr	NNS	the immortals answered , and then started jabbering like a broken record , trying to entice the dragons to communicate .
tr	NN	The TV was on ; a Wii hummed in front of it , next to an inactive Xbox 360 and a pile of fluorescent green game boxes .
tr	NN	A sneeze ripped through her .
tr	NN	" I suppose I could find it , " the valet answered a bit dubiously .
tr	NN	A first-year student promptly bowed his head in shame and hurried to the bar counter .
tr	NNS	Before I knew it , the credits were rolling .
tr	NNS	Looks like they 'll be , needing a piper any day now .
tr	NN	The square has fallen deathly silent now .
tr	NN	The muscular hunter was striking a flint .
tr	NN	She was so small , the tray looked as if it overpowered her .
tr	NN	The beating must have taken place a month or so ago .
tr	NN	My attorney will fix it . "
tr	NN	" But I get to choose , it 's my freedom , " said the knight .
tr	NN	A giant canvas stretches across the entire breadth of the room just behind the dining room table .
tr	NN	The dragon had made directly for her .
tr	NN	Who was this bitch ?
tr	NNS	Flowers , " he nearly growled the word .
tr	NN	The teacher was late as usual .
tr	NNS	Scattering across the beach , the wolves turn their full fury on the innocent maidens .
tr	NN	And the wanted poster said he has been shooting anyone that he comes across . "
tr	NNS	Pain flecked his expression from the set of his jaw to the way his eyelids fluttered shut every few seconds .
tr	NNS	The two goons looked at each other and one began reaching into a pocket inside his jacket .
tr	NNS	All the boxed items stood for things that had meant something to him .
tr	NN	The carpet was beyond office quality , and the furnishings were custom built , not assembled .
tr	NNS	Immediately the images in the water sprang into focus .
tr	NNS	The rags of skin improperly taped down fluttered as she moved .
tr	NN	Every instinct he possessed told him it involved her .
tr	NNS	Alexis stood over Matthew 's casket and cried .
tr	NNS	There was some clattering downstairs , then we heard the unmistakable sound of footsteps on the bare wooden steps .
tr	NNS	Things ended ... well , pretty much just before you started going out . "
tr	NNS	Things settled in very quickly for Shawn and for Sherry .
tr	NNS	These creatures were both hideous and hypnotically beautiful .
tr	NNS	My mom inches close to the table and moves her hands up and down , pressing the rope against the blade 's sharp edge .
tr	NNS	On one of the screens , flashing red warning signs blinked .
tr	NN	A bullet whined through the air , struck the metal hinge and raised sparks inches from his face .
tr	NN	That bitch just won 't give up . "
tr	NNS	So many colors , all in a riot of pattern , like a paint store threw up .
tr	NNS	" The newest zombies will be in the country .
tr	NNS	Nerves settled down yet ? "
tr	NN	Therefore , the referee signaled the end of the match by crossing his arms over and over again .
tr	NNS	Animals will behave oddly .
tr	NN	" The coroner will give his report after the autopsy .
tr	NNS	What should have been exaggerated movements became minimal .
tr	NN	But the crash , I realize , came from the large bay window overlooking the front yard .
tr	NN	Black and still , the freshly dug mound rose up from the grass surrounding it .
tr	NN	" I agree , " the captain said , nodding his head .
tr	NNS	Looks like the Dark Knight 's big , bad plan backfired .
tr	NNS	Families arranged marriages for years , especially in your time . "
tr	NN	The fake mommy looked around the room .
tr	NNS	The fans would love a heel turn for Lucifer right now .
tr	NNS	Perhaps the other creatures , studying the markings , would also feel fear .
tr	NN	The general consensus was that the growing crowds of angry , marching citizens were not going to decrease .
tr	NN	A miracle he didn 't ask for proof .
tr	NNS	Staccato shots popped in the distance .
tr	NN	After finishing his meal , the captain leaned back in his chair and lit a small cigar .
tr	NN	A thrill ran up her spine , her head jerked up and she asked a question to which she already knew the answer .
tr	NN	The elf looked at her with some distaste as he took in her dishevelled appearance .
tr	NN	Or as Leona liked to call it , " slutty " - too-short skirt , low-cut tank top .
tr	NN	" A mistress , " he finally said .
tr	NN	One bullet grazed the shoulder , but another lodged in his spine .
tr	NNS	My siblings were running through the trees looking for me .
tr	NN	In that moment of defeat , an angel came to rescue me .
tr	NN	I felt pumped , my pulse break dancing beneath the surface of my skin .
tr	NN	Cool dread washed over me .
tr	NN	" Your uncle 's stable . "
tr	NNS	The whispers , abruptly stalled conversations and questions about her judgment had barely stopped from the Mike debacle .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared with pulsating regularity .
tr	NN	Within them was a wide courtyard , grassy in the summers , though it was bare now , surrounded by the interior walls of the Gard .
tr	NNS	I frowned , remembering something Mab had said to Oberon at the ceremony .
tr	NNS	Thoughts began slicing a race track through my mind .
tr	NN	Part of it was my fault .
tr	NN	The US dollar becomes worthless and the economy collapses .
tr	NN	His agony was coming out of his mouth in the screams and sobs .
tr	NNS	There were thousands of chandeliers overhead , each dripping with glistening teardrops .
tr	NNS	Or were the tights too constricting at the crotch ?
tr	NN	The second investigator withdrew a pistol from beneath her lab coat and aimed .
tr	NN	On another note , the new crop of kids is promising .
tr	NNS	Others were simply outcasts relying on relatives to give them room and board while they performed menial tasks .
tr	NNS	" No signs of forced entry Chief , and no prints .
tr	NN	His bare forearm brushed Stacy 's as she passed through .
tr	NN	His aura was completely black now .
tr	NN	" Don 't ask , " said the priest , shuddering .
tr	NN	Her passion had touched him .
tr	NN	Part of me wants to attack him in order to get the hell away .
tr	NN	The priest rounded on his friend .
tr	NNS	There were about seven inches of snow on the ground , but the weather had cleared and the air was like crystal .
tr	NNS	My fingernails dug into my palms to the point of pain , but my fists just continued to tighten .
tr	NNS	The warriors started to laugh and Arn looked hard at her , " It is a good name for you , " he said .
tr	NN	A glowing orange liquid , just a few drops , fell to the girl 's sleeping body .
tr	NNS	All the captives were either listening to his comments , or had lost themselves in reverie .
tr	NNS	The raindrops may have lessened in frequency , but the drops that did get through seemed twice the size .
tr	NNS	Lea 's punches seemed to be getting sluggish , but the power behind it was still alive .
tr	NN	The young priest was suffering slightly from the sickness of the sea despite the relative calmness of the sea .
tr	NNS	The facts remained , however , if only in lonely , aging books .
tr	NN	Gravity and wind fought for possession of his body in a tug of war that dragged him down toward the green expanse of jungle below .
tr	NN	The captain turned to me .
tr	NN	The troll howled again , rumbling the arena like thunder .
tr	NNS	Things between us were tense lately due to the fact that Luke and I couldn 't have sex despite the fact that we desperately wanted it .
tr	NN	A mere sentence or two was enough to make his eyes droop .
tr	NN	It was enormous , the castle reigned over every other building in the city .
tr	NNS	Maya grins and cheers happily at the amazing sensation of flight .
tr	NNS	The taillights went out and the garage closed .
tr	NN	The martial arts studio back home was little more than a pavilion , so wind blew through it easily .
tr	NN	The metro 's metallic high shriek and the sound of scattered dry leaves sliding down the pavement made my teeth grind together .
tr	NNS	Heavy footsteps thundered down the stairs , giving Sophie only enough time to slink around the wall , crouching into a tight alcove .
tr	NN	And after all the rain we got last night , the waterfall should be active . "
tr	NNS	All the taps came on full blast and the shutters over the windows danced up and down .
tr	NNS	His paintings were always so expressive . "
tr	NNS	" The losses , I am afraid , were ... " The creature fell to the ground before it could finish .
tr	NN	Adele , the way I look at it , the Ball jar is awkward .
tr	NNS	Shadows fly out at us , talons extended from two of the tunnels as red eyes emerge from another .
tr	NN	The melding of the three ( sometimes four ) musicians was a Synchronicity .
tr	NN	Part of her wanted to admit that she was guilty to his charge .
tr	NNS	The slugs cowered , while Kate and Jason tilted their heads skyward once more .
tr	NNS	Elias pushed by him and came to stand before the four men and two women .
tr	NN	" Collect the cuffs , " the sheriff said to his deputy as he walked to the rear of his patrol car .
tr	NNS	Parts of the ceiling fell to the floor breaking the clean marble floor .
tr	NN	" But remember there 's that tiny gap between the door and the wall , even when it 's slid closed .
tr	NNS	The nurses were swinging from his arms like pendulums , " Matthew said with humor in his eyes , " but he 's strong .
tr	NN	The ginger policeman said , " He was wearing black !
tr	NNS	Usually such visits brought tears and storm clouds , followed by a sullen , silent ride home .
tr	NNS	Old accident or not , the bus passengers were curious .
tr	NN	He paused for a while and breathed in deeply , his small audience patiently waiting for him to continue .
tr	NNS	Their flashlights provided the only illumination .
tr	NN	Love , Ken Monsters , 3 Teddy saw Billy 's mom come through the front door .
tr	NNS	In college , the professors don 't care if students come to class or spend the whole night partying and drinking .
tr	NN	The divorce had taken a full year to be final .
tr	NNS	Their kisses felt exactly the same .
tr	NN	The misery that entered her brown eyes seemed magnified by her glasses .
tr	NNS	But their fears and hopes for this night were heartbreakingly human .
tr	NNS	Such artistic insight , Caitlin . ' "
tr	NNS	The ideas I received were outstanding and of great variety , and I was actually able to use most of them .
tr	NN	Chance sat beside me on the love seat while she perched opposite us in what was probably her husband 's recliner .
tr	NNS	Ostensibly , the journeys were to see Caz and her family but , of course , the hour of tuition with Miss Andrews was paramount .
tr	NN	When John didn 't move , the captain ushered him out of his cabin and shut the door behind him .
tr	NNS	Her tutors always treated her with a certain delicacy that taught her to despise them .
tr	NNS	The overalls were masculine , but the curves they covered were not .
tr	NN	His reflection no longer existed .
tr	NNS	The effects of the spray must have run out .
tr	NN	Everything I 'd fought for , every challenge , every victory ... all of it was empty if anything happened to him .
tr	NN	What 's your assessment ?
tr	NNS	Images came and went .
tr	NNS	The torches were guttering low , but light was trickling in from the opening high above .
tr	NNS	' Curious creatures , ' she sniffed , shaking her head .
tr	NN	As she forced her eyes to open she became aware of a small gap straight ahead , a sliver of light shining underneath it .
tr	NN	In the middle of the flat roof of the control building was a square , slightly darker that its surroundings .
tr	NN	His accent sounded like home to Nick .
tr	NN	The policeman stared at Alice and seemed not to hear .
tr	NNS	There were three CCTV 's outside the ODC entrance and three inside .
tr	NNS	The mattress dipped at his side .
tr	NN	In that instant , his hatred for Jane changed into something more powerful , more acute .
tr	NNS	Three more shots rang out , then the sheriff called over .
tr	NNS	Plans that won 't ever happen .
tr	NN	The inspector did not seem to think so as he looked back and forth between the two women and their height difference .
tr	NNS	The dips and planes of his stomach looked unreal .
tr	NN	" Not yet , " my reflection said , looking amused .
tr	NNS	" There are limits to what we are , Bryn .
tr	NN	The trio of prophecy must bring the book to the First Angel for his blessing .
tr	NNS	The lighter Jewels have to serve three years , the darker Jewels five .
tr	NNS	Up front two handlers climb onto the seats .
tr	NNS	And my credits say he can .
tr	NNS	But our Moses is dead . "
tr	NNS	The passengers were becoming bored with the Dining Saloon and their choices there .
tr	NNS	Didn 't tarot cards show a true future if a powerful reader was interpreting the spread ?
tr	NN	A loud crash rebounded off the walls from the other side of the Abbey .
tr	NN	There was a lamp on top , and he flicked the switch as he got back to his feet .
tr	NN	' Yeah , I know , plus Fleurs in Brent Cross checked out , ' Love said .
tr	NN	The waterfall lost its appeal after the confrontation .
tr	NNS	The stakes were too high for Peter to negotiate .
tr	NNS	At best , their deaths had been unfortunate coincidences .
tr	NNS	Screams mixed with the thunderous cracking .
tr	NNS	Still , thousands of people in smaller , less crowded cities were quickly learning how to stay alive .
tr	NNS	Others may not even know that it can be done , but there are still others who do control it . "
tr	NN	A small , folded square of paper , emblazoned with his name in Glenda the receptionist 's spidery handwriting .
tr	NNS	His humorless laugh echoed through the kitchen .
tr	NN	Her daughter 's lack of verbal support for her cause hurt Charlotte .
tr	NNS	Cassius wasn 't willing to take that chance , so I stayed . "
tr	NNS	Things are just happening ... awfully fast . "
tr	NNS	Romulus hesitated , his fur coat drifting in the wind .
tr	NNS	The dolphins had to swerve quickly . "
tr	NN	' She said she 'll see to it and let me know , ' Love said .
tr	NNS	But there were treats and treatments .
tr	NN	The dark taint of the sleeping meds was more obvious now .
tr	NN	" A football player . "
tr	NN	This reflection , in turn , spawned philosophical the speculation found in the Upanishads .
tr	NN	" No science to us ; no science to ghosts ; and probably no science to spirits of the forest . "
tr	NNS	The humans ' efforts looked pathetic compared to this display of utter determination for blood .
tr	NNS	The colours were as bright as enamels too ; gloriously rich reds , blues and greens .
tr	NN	There 's a twinkle in his eyes , a sign of life for the first time tonight .
tr	NN	" Track and report , " the pilot said .
tr	NNS	Her fingernails jab into my skin as her body scoots down a little and meets the top of my leg .
tr	NNS	The sobs she didn 't allow even when Mark stood her up for the biggest date of her life .
tr	NN	The realisation pushed sleep away .
tr	NNS	The earliest visitors to the interior of the Congo were Arab slave traders and Portuguese merchants , and several had written accounts of their travels .
tr	NNS	There were no guarantees that they 'd find anyone , and even fewer that there was anyone to find .
tr	NNS	The villagers , his only lead , had disappeared , at least during the nights .
tr	NNS	The firm mattress dipped with his weight , but her body was too heavy with drugs to adjust to the movement .
tr	NN	Horror and terror filled Devon as he looked frantically around for her .
tr	NN	Link slid to his knees at the injured man 's side and realized why Boo was barking .
tr	NNS	The scenes which fled through Edward 's mind fled through mine also .
tr	NNS	There are limits for everyone , but I don 't think we 've come anywhere near reaching your full potential .
tr	NN	The gown tangled under my feet , and I went down .
tr	NN	" You 're not back until tomorrow , " said Annie the receptionist , when Fat Charlie walked in .
tr	NNS	Light technicians do whatever they can with the properties of light .
tr	NN	And your ice cream comes highly recommended . "
tr	NNS	It was like a fireworks display , the best fireworks display he had ever seen .
tr	NN	The stunning capture had crushed Timmy 's spirit .
tr	NN	The ranger gestured toward a blond kid with short hair standing away from the crowd .
tr	NNS	Cardboard boxes were stacked everywhere , their contents identified with marker scrawls : FICTION , POETRY , COOKING , LOCAL INTEREST , ROMANCE .
tr	NNS	Reyes unsheathed his sword , the blade whistling against the air .
tr	NN	Tape Measure 's flashlight bobbed , wavered , and vanished .
tr	NNS	If you 're like me , drugs won 't work on you . "
tr	NN	" What 's a cow ? "
tr	NNS	The hallways in the compound are empty except for a few stragglers .
tr	NN	The growl came again , prickling the hairs on my arms , and a moment later a furry face appeared between two of the lower railroad ties .
tr	NNS	Things at sea could change very quickly .
tr	NNS	The seats are empty , and there it is , the stage .
tr	NN	A trickle of blood stained the formerly immaculate collar of his shirt , where the blade had unintentionally grazed skin .
tr	NNS	The Europeans leaders became sick to their stomachs because they didn 't want to finance the expansion of the American Empire .
tr	NNS	Once , these old roads would have led to other towns .
tr	NN	The trickle of fear that had been in my veins grew with each step and each rapid beat of my heart .
tr	NNS	Her black fingernails point up to the ceiling and she laughs with glee .
tr	NN	The black cotton tank eased over her head and got dropped to the sand .
tr	NNS	Around me , screams and vicious shouts prevailed and as I watched the vicious fighting , I realized that neither side would prevail here .
tr	NNS	Stacks of papers would have blatantly advertised an apartment ripe for theft , and Carly was grateful that a friend had been aware .
tr	NNS	My chains clink against each other .
tr	NN	Yeah , the term was primal and caveman ... but it felt right .
tr	NN	' No , it 's not , ' the blond captain countered .
tr	NNS	" The factions , I mean .
tr	NN	She eased her legs over the side of the narrow cot , bracing herself in preparation for the tenderness her bruising would demonstrate as she slowly stood .
tr	NNS	There are enough resources in this galaxy to continue this war for another millennium whether humans are around to coordinate it or not .
tr	NNS	The images rolled the tape of soldiers marching down Canal Street and then standing shoulder to shoulder in South Square .
tr	NNS	Tris says , breathless , " Why ? "
tr	NNS	" But there are consequences to one 's actions .
tr	NNS	Chills ran up her spine .
tr	NNS	His strangeness could almost drive me mad -- almost drive me to want to kill him instead .
tr	NN	Terror raced through his body ; his life ; his dreams ; his job ; his friends .
tr	NN	If you do it right , the rope will grab whatever is closest .
tr	NNS	Suspicious nodded " They 'll shoot him again if they 're smart . "
tr	NNS	The vamps were on edge , the magic thick .
tr	NNS	So the Others had decided the governor was also to blame for the attack and had reached across hundreds of miles to eliminate another enemy .
tr	NNS	Delores and Uncle Henry had undoubtedly done the same , but it was reassuring for me to do it .
tr	NNS	In this patch , the twins battled with swords .
tr	NN	Another shadow tentacle rose with a sharp tip .
tr	NNS	My servants were looking over you and rescued you as soon as there were no witnesses .
tr	NN	The dragon had turned into the damsel , and she wasn 't in distress .
tr	NNS	But then the many blood drinkers scattered throughout this crowd did not know these simple facts either .
tr	NNS	The ages even match up fairly well .
tr	NN	A fractured replica of Amelie 's face turned to stare at me , one suffering from extreme internal turmoil .
tr	NN	His progress in life came from his own initiative .
tr	NN	The thief has them using the postal service .
tr	NN	And with that statement , Alicia and Jackson slipped away , the outline of their bodies quickly engulfed by the dark of night .
tr	NNS	But our supplies were running low , and all I had eaten in the last day was the hay from the barn .
tr	NN	" Your perception of okay 's kind of skewed . "
tr	NN	A recording of a soft female voice announced the name of the next station .
tr	NNS	Big philosophical ideas didn 't fit her .
tr	NNS	Looks like I 'd have to do it again .
tr	NNS	There were other ghosts yet to be faced .
tr	NNS	Yet the members around the table often leaned away from him and whispered in hushed tones .
tr	NNS	Lots of people showed up , and we had more than enough food .
tr	NNS	" There are ... intangible factors at work here .
tr	NN	Love said , and watched him go .
tr	NNS	My room is the exact way I left it , boy band posters still taped to the walls .
tr	NN	A small diagram was floating to the bottom right of my sight , indicating the condition of the suit .
tr	NN	His command had been strong , far stronger than anything he had ever used on a human , yet his sorrow had penetrated her sleep .
tr	NN	" Look , I don ´ t have time for this , " the senator says as he gets up .
tr	NN	Her mother-in-law held her tight .
tr	NNS	The damn media actually did me a favor when they outed me .
tr	NN	At that instant , in a deadly battle of human reflex against reason , Ming 's breathing instinct overcame his ability to keep his mouth closed .
tr	NNS	The gears groaned and chains rattled as we rose above the street-level with little jerks .
tr	NN	A roar tore through his throat and adrenaline detonated inside his muscles .
tr	NNS	These images pleased me no better than the ones before .
tr	NNS	Those commands had been urgent and reflexive .
tr	NNS	The villagers who kept watch were asleep .
tr	NNS	Rose petals trailed across the floor to the centre of the room .
tr	NN	Not the highest dollar , but pricey , nice , and it 's current on the style .
tr	NNS	At the Hall , the male servants looked after , and fussed over , the female servants .
tr	NNS	Questions Hypnos appearing at the table sitting next to them with a drink in his hand .
tr	NN	The droop of his shoulders , the regret in his voice , tugged at her heart .
tr	NNS	In addition to being on Serge 's secret payroll , the bulbous and awkward Rudolph Geisler was Interpol 's senior expert on Internet crimes and criminals .
tr	NNS	" The sails empty and the boat comes to a halt .
tr	NNS	Soldiers in green and silver were moving everywhere , organizing the evacuation , helping with broken carts .
tr	NN	The foliage at the edge of the tree line shuddered , and a man stepped out .
tr	NNS	Those two idiots had definitely deserved the thrashing they got .
tr	NN	Part of her wanted to continue with what she and Jon had planned ; it seemed silly to give up .
tr	NN	There was a small color television arranged for easy viewing from Jane 's favorite chair .
tr	NNS	Coach Robbins leaned forward in his chair , his large forearms resting on the edge of the desk .
tr	NNS	Others will just use that pain against you .
tr	NNS	And , she surmised , if everyone else is different , chances are that it 'll be a different man as well .
tr	NNS	My chest wells with revenge at the thought of these fuckers putting a hand on Junie .
tr	NNS	Questions flooded her mind .
tr	NN	But worth every penny for the lives saved .
tr	NNS	All sirens and lights ceased .
tr	NN	" And tomorrow your new tutor shall arrive , at my husband 's direction .
tr	NNS	My back bows off the bed and my eyes shut tight .
tr	NNS	Her companions looked at each other awkwardly .
tr	NN	Then a light shone from somewhere near the alley entrance , then two lights , then two policemen came running up to the bin .
tr	NN	" Perhaps you did " seemed to be his answer to most things his uncle said .
tr	NN	What the hell does that idiot have to do that is more important than seein ' his family ?
tr	NN	Love had no idea but his gut told him to stay with it no matter how tenuous the connection .
tr	NNS	At each of the six corners , there were tiny little paws or grippers .
tr	NN	His impeccable accent was perfectly modulated , and his breath was hot against my neck .
tr	NN	There was a staircase leading up in the centre of the room , and the passage emerged next to it .
tr	NNS	His footsteps did begin to stray towards the Tower , but he made himself return .
tr	NN	An orgasm hovered just out of reach .
tr	NN	The lieutenant said , more out of confusion that accusation .
tr	NN	Each bullet penetrated the man 's chest ; they could see the holes through the suit he was wearing .
tr	NN	A bright rug , a few pictures and a new mattress looked like just about all I would need to set up housekeeping .
tr	NNS	" But the runes are still smooth . "
tr	NN	And the lieutenant was right in that regard .
tr	NN	Using short bursts , the dwarf pushed the load to the dock 's lift .
tr	NN	The goblin folded his spindly arms against his barrel chest , a grimace spread across his dusky blue face .
tr	NN	JJ bows his head toward me , obviously conceding .
tr	NN	Despair leads to naught but dark roads , and whither they go I shall not say .
tr	NN	The gas still in his system sensed the injury and set about to fix him .
tr	NN	There was definite approval in those eyes .
tr	NN	And my software told me they were matches .
tr	NNS	The Others won 't kill to steal , but once the meat is dead , they make use of everything they can . "
tr	NNS	My instincts told me not to question this too much .
tr	NNS	The wolves dragged the corpses into the woods .
tr	NNS	Even now , his eyelids were drooping shut .
tr	NNS	He holds it up , inspecting the rips and tears , cursing under his breath .
tr	NN	The only phoenix she knew was a mythical bird .
tr	NNS	Though it 's uncommon that two species work together like that . "
tr	NNS	My in-laws received one then , too .
tr	NN	The sour stench of rotting horse droppings and overflowing drains .
tr	NNS	The colours seemed brighter , all fluorescent green and blinding sunlight .
tr	NN	The next shelf over held a few broken stone carvings .
tr	NNS	Our species can convert only a true psychic from the human race ; all others become deranged if conversion is tried .
tr	NNS	There were visitors as well .
tr	NN	The receptionist asked her to take a seat and she 'd call someone to talk to her .
tr	NNS	Especially since her blades had disappeared with him !
tr	NNS	Now , to Hawk 's thinking these actions were too little too late .
tr	NNS	Girls who would do anything to get what they wanted .
tr	NN	The television had fallen off the entertainment center and was lying in the middle of the floor with the rest of the debris .
tr	NNS	" Who are the twins ?
tr	NNS	The chances are extremely slim .
tr	NN	There was a short hesitation .
tr	NN	" I don 't think so " his Uncle said .
tr	NNS	Things with this Mr. Neely must not have gone well .
tr	NNS	Two more tigers popped in .
tr	NN	A soft tremble rocked my body , signalling my need for release .
tr	NNS	What feels like forever later , the credits begin to roll .
tr	NNS	" The owls know something ? "
tr	NN	" A deed will earn you the deed . "
tr	NN	There was a pen clipped to it .
tr	NN	The government managed to manufacture some of their own flawed cyborgs .
tr	NN	There was a shallow courtyard surrounded by a massive wall at the top of the stairs .
tr	NNS	Others were more modest , built for a single purpose and slotted into gaps in the cityscape .
tr	NNS	Heavens knew she had never gotten into any trouble .
tr	NN	Morning came early in the summer , and the days were long .
tr	NN	However , the increased animation in Paul 's voice alarmed me .
tr	NN	Apparently , the gas was still flowing , even though the electricity was out .
tr	NNS	Standing above the small girl was a large banshee with bright green eyes , its talons and fangs stained red .
tr	NN	" There is a beautiful simplicity and contentment ... and life .
tr	NNS	From their Dublin seaport , the Danish invaders had sacked churches , raped women , and kidnapped any number of people to bring them home as slaves .
tr	NN	The final chasm to cross is a large one , but the boy makes the running leap without hesitation .
tr	NN	' Yes papa ' the girls replied as Johan continued .
tr	NN	My pulse beat faster .
tr	NN	" My Master , " I said to him in address , hoping my voice was harder than I heard it in my head .
tr	NNS	The apartments she showed us were vacant and undergoing renovation .
tr	NNS	The paintings looked to all be originals and some of them were Monet 's .
tr	NNS	The apprentices exchanged a knowing look before Jace replied , " he was paired up with a mentor today .
tr	NNS	Barefoot summers in the country , feeling the earth between my toes and the wind whipping through my hair .
tr	NNS	Half a dozen clerks were behind it , waiting on arrivals and departures .
tr	NNS	Romulus pointed a fork full of baked cod at her .
tr	NNS	By the time lunch rolls around I figured I should drive out to see Fenton 's dad , again .
tr	NNS	Icy tentacles of fear tightened every muscle -- and yet Allie 's first instinct , even now , was to let him in .
tr	NNS	Reyes slammed a fist into the wall .
tr	NNS	The stores will be opening soon .
tr	NN	The mound of tension between us seemed to dissolve in that laugh .
tr	NN	A rustle behind her gave only a second of warning to brace herself before Chewie barreled into her shoulder .
tr	NN	Away out of sight at the back of the shearing shed , on the sun-bleached boards , the outline of a kangaroo began to form .
tr	NNS	Huge tentacles clamped tightly around her body and pulled her deeper down the river .
tr	NN	In their excitement the trio had started walking back toward their own cottage as they planned .
tr	NN	Parsons ' body language seemed to imply that he was an unwelcome imposition .
tr	NNS	See how outsiders lie to us , my warrior ? "
tr	NN	Her trident was very powerful , aside from creating worm holes I had a feeling it could take out things from the past and future .
tr	NNS	No ... Pounding footsteps approached .
tr	NNS	The edges of the hole glowed with white plasma .
tr	NN	The sunburn seemed to be increasing in intensity .
tr	NNS	On her forehead were two small horns sticking out .
tr	NNS	The authorities investigated the deaths but never made the connection to the club because no evidence of drugs showed up in the autopsies .
tr	NNS	Yes , these angry , independent warriors needed organizing .
tr	NNS	Looks like your relations got out of here right quick when the first alarm bells rang .
tr	NN	The American government had relocated to Chicago in the wake of CERN , and they had a major hard-on for getting back into Washington .
tr	NN	That landlord literally sentenced them to death .
tr	NN	The trio really hoped so .
tr	NN	Based on body language , the Elder who had grabbed hold of Xavier seemed to be higher in position than the rest of them .
tr	NNS	Things progressed smoothly and their partnership agreement was finalized and the financing secured before we left for Cozumel .
tr	NNS	Things between us had always been fairly easy .
tr	NNS	Muscles twitched and curled in her body .
tr	NNS	Questions about the Picasso haunted her .
tr	NNS	" Things change , though . "
tr	NNS	So the roads were open still .
tr	NNS	Those Tanks are really strong .
tr	NNS	The paleness made the new scar on my left cheek stand out more than it probably would .
tr	NNS	Flames spurted from the exhaust , much too close to the hydrogen inside her balloon .
tr	NN	Despite the creepy statues , the hotel real y was gorgeous .
tr	NN	His outrageous honesty and droll humor stole her smart-ass answer .
tr	NNS	Even their stroll down the midway was a good time , if a little embarrassing .
tr	NN	" Oh , yes , " The auburn replied smugly .
tr	NN	Here was her reward : a child that Anna would no doubt resent .
tr	NN	The mechanism is down inside the dam .
tr	NN	Love knew this but didn 't say anything .
tr	NNS	Cold raindrops spattered on my face , but I held out my arms , accepting the storm as part of myself .
tr	NNS	Her worries kept intruding on the pleasant day she was hoping to have .
tr	NNS	The two white figures had disappeared .
tr	NNS	" Our fathers , fathers , fathers , back for many generations loved the Fox .
tr	NNS	The wolves morphed almost instantly into boys .
tr	NNS	There are no limits to what he might do .
tr	NN	A small bark captured my attention .
tr	NN	A short chuckle wobbled up my throat and I brought my bottle to my mouth , but I outright laughed when Christopher pointed at me .
tr	NNS	The winds hadn 't brought the rain everyone had expected .
tr	NN	The coroner had arrived only a few minutes ago and she wanted nothing to do with witnessing Charles 's body come up those stairs .
tr	NNS	There was nothing malicious or sneaky within Bethany .
tr	NN	Part of him was ashamed , in despair over it , afraid that he 'd be punished for me . '
tr	NNS	The tiles are dark with strips of mirror , and I wait by the sinks for him to emerge , shaking with nerves .
tr	NNS	" The facts are still the facts , Kennedy , and I have to be true to them .
tr	NNS	Now , there are only a few spots where they still remain .
tr	NNS	Or were they shares ?
tr	NN	" What does the winner get ? "
tr	NNS	Evan 's classes started already and , apparently , there was no honeymoon period in college .
tr	NN	Even her accent had diminished .
tr	NNS	His footsteps receded down the hallway , and Greta made a face .
tr	NNS	There are never any classes over the lunch period in this wing of the building , so it 's nice and quiet .
tr	NNS	There were more alien types than I could name .
tr	NNS	The reeds on the small plateau overhead seem to hum a blissful melody while the cattails beside the bridge knock on the dry wood rhythmically .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids fluttered as she shook her head .
tr	NN	Her pulse stuttered like the woodpecker that sometimes woke her by pecking on the gutter outside her bedroom .
tr	NN	Max 's unexpected exercise had brought on a severe insulin reaction , but a little orange juice had fixed the problem quickly enough .
tr	NN	A vent was high on one of the side walls .
tr	NN	My past inability to experience emotions had kept me detached from everyone and everything , which resulted in my current life being a friendless one .
tr	NNS	My lies were choking me .
tr	NN	My self-esteem couldn 't handle the blow it was starting to feel .
tr	NNS	The low strains of the music were soothing .
tr	NN	" The lance changes the nature of things .
tr	NN	The gray T-shirt I am wearing beneath it is still oversized , but it 's darker , blends in better with the black Dauntless clothes .
tr	NNS	The roads had good smooth blacktop heavily printed with instructions for drivers and pedestrians .
tr	NN	The reef looked to be damaged .
tr	NNS	Now their shares have tanked within a day to such level that has not happened to anyone in the last twenty-five years . "
tr	NN	The hermit squinted at the door and tilted his head to listen .
tr	NN	" Aye , I sensed that the moment she kicked you , " her maid commented .
tr	NNS	The blood banks had reopened , and the people of Morganville had been given a choice - start over , or start running .
tr	NN	A stroke of pure luck it had impacted where it had .
tr	NNS	No insecurities about our parents or Chantilly will keep us apart , right ? "
tr	NNS	In the barn , the villagers cheered at this bravado and hammered their cups on the tables .
tr	NNS	' And who do the bees tell ? '
tr	NNS	Looks like you and I will be hanging out here , taking care of Mom . "
tr	NNS	Questions tumbled from my lips as my brain fought to catch up .
tr	NN	" More equipment , " he thought , " Hell yes , he needed more equipment ! "
tr	NNS	But such cases were damn rare .
tr	NNS	Marius hurried over to it and set Haven in the back seat after the door popped open from the inside .
tr	NNS	The Police are searching for us .
tr	NNS	Angelina 's motives for revealing her existence had not been to make Eleanor jealous or to convince Hart to return to her .
tr	NN	The quad was full of people who stood shoulder to shoulder watching the cheerleaders do a crappy dance to an overplayed pop song .
tr	NNS	Our surroundings finally won the battle for her attention .
tr	NNS	The drums make the floor vibrate .
tr	NNS	The soft , searching movements against the door suggested it was large .
tr	NNS	Cars littered the parking lot , people coming and going in every direction .
tr	NN	The dry wool smelled of ox , but felt good .
tr	NNS	In truth , the worms and moths had evidently been at the book .
tr	NNS	The hallways were quiet and empty .
tr	NNS	Even if each of us stands in a corner , hoping to get the candle , the chances that we shall miss him are high . "
tr	NNS	" Why do small spaces frighten you ? "
tr	NNS	Marius handed him a bowl of oats with honey .
tr	NN	But now all the misery and wrath and hate vanished .
tr	NNS	There are drugs for it .
tr	NN	His spit was warm and thick and under any other circumstances I would have been grossed out , but now my heart pounded with joy .
tr	NN	" As you would expect , the design of the program is brilliant , but I still lack one small , critical piece . "
tr	NNS	Is the seamstress here yet ? "
tr	NN	The stag vanished into the tree edge , and I was alone again .
tr	NN	Still , her rescuer had no pockets whether dragon or man , so where did he get this from ?
tr	NN	And this development ... well , do you know how much it 's worth ?
tr	NNS	Giant sobs racked my body , shuddering cries that ached down through my toes .
tr	NNS	There were two helmets perched on the seat .
tr	NN	Instant guilt consumed him .
tr	NNS	Of the heavies four pirates had survived the ambush , and another two badly wounded .
tr	NNS	" The colors don 't bother you all that much once you wear them for a while .
tr	NN	The trick is to appear average .
tr	NNS	The helicopter 's whirling blades began to roar louder as she ducked under them .
tr	NNS	Nerves gave Backbone a high five for punning in the face of life-changing moments .
tr	NNS	" No , my cousins were close enough . "
tr	NNS	Both cats reached Golden Flame at the same time .
tr	NN	Chance was a great guy , but Stone was everything that Chance was not ... dark , mysterious , dangerous .
tr	NN	The haze covering his face momentarily flickered away before returning to a blur again .
tr	NNS	Past experiences told me it might be a day before she was ready to go anywhere .
tr	NN	His growl of annoyance only elicited a sweet chuckle from his woman .
tr	NN	King Merrick lunges , trident aimed out .
tr	NNS	Things will progress as they will , no matter our feelings in this . "
tr	NNS	Then footsteps pounded up the stairs inside .
tr	NN	Even the walls seemed cleaner , whiter than Ben could remember ever having seen them .
tr	NNS	Both governments get rid of some bad actors .
tr	NNS	Makes you wonder , don 't it ? "
tr	NNS	Once father 's on the ground the men 's actions grow more vicious , and more focused .
tr	NNS	I mean , the aliens might not even be human at all . "
tr	NNS	There were no sharp edges to Francesca , only a whisper of sound as she moved .
tr	NN	Her silver gown accentuated every one of her curves and was low cut in the front , but maintained the class and sophistication my dress did not .
tr	NNS	Her trust funds were all conventional investments managed in New York .
tr	NN	The absence of pain likely accelerated his degradation , letting him push his physique beyond what it could mechanically endure .
tr	NN	an A-10 pilot asked .
tr	NNS	On the moon slivers of her self vibrate within their wooden cage , leaping and hissing through wooden mouths .
tr	NN	" The reverse is also true . "
tr	NNS	The dark figures turned into ashes leaving none of them in sight .
tr	NN	Her cry speared him , a molten lance in his soul , a steel shaft in his loins .
tr	NNS	" The addresses listed are fakes , " said Millard , " and the calls won 't connect unless you whistle the right passcode . "
tr	NN	Suppressed guilt unleashed its agony and bitter tears sprung to his eyes .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids lift up , her pupils shrinking as they hit the light .
tr	NN	" How much is a gold coin worth ? "
tr	NNS	The smoking racks were easy to build .
tr	NNS	Rose petals floated on the still surface , their scent permeating the air .
tr	NN	" But by the early centuries of the Christian era , another concept had seized my imagination .
tr	NNS	Limited funds , however , drove them to come up with this more economical solution .
tr	NNS	Max 's eyelids fluttered open and Preston latched on to the hope that small response offered .
tr	NN	Love looked at her .
tr	NNS	The sandals flipped up the desert sand with each clumsy step .
tr	NN	The pilot screamed , " I cannot control this plane .
tr	NNS	The contents within meant nothing to her .
tr	NNS	Romulus immediately curled up at her feet .
tr	NN	The trio , and handful of other officers on the bridge , laughed as Bri and Tabitha took their seats .
tr	NN	The medic continued to ramble off normal vital signs , which Janet jotted down .
tr	NNS	The wet , slick juices rolled down her and she held still in anticipation , then she heard him moan .
tr	NN	This iron will scorch anything it touches . "
tr	NNS	Her fears about the validity of the prophecy remained unresolved .
tr	NNS	The passions she stirred in him were like nothing he 'd ever known .
tr	NNS	Alexis breaks free of the command and drops the hammer as a shocked look washes over her once determined face .
tr	NN	Jazz still felt invisible , but not in a good way .
tr	NN	The senator is going to be there on the reviewing stand . "
tr	NNS	Looks like he was the one who called the discharge of Neil 's troop . "
tr	NN	When Spencer sat back again , a high-pitched , keening giggle echoed off the walls .
tr	NN	The video stopped and focused squarely on the center of the door .
tr	NNS	Others had rejected the serum .
tr	NNS	Our tongues tangle and our breaths mix as she grinds her h * ps against mine and rubs up against me .
tr	NN	A sheen of tears filled Sara 's eyes .
tr	NNS	Her wrists were bony and delicate , so I made sure not to break them .
tr	NN	Just one stint as a puppet doubles your chances in the Dark .
tr	NN	The gym teacher took the book and waved it high over his head .
tr	NNS	" About seven months ago , he dropped out of sight , my sources tell me .
tr	NNS	Things that were foreign to him until now , because of this woman .
tr	NN	Right now all that mattered was the beckoning orgasm that hovered just on the horizon .
tr	NNS	Waves of deep , staggering sensation he never wanted to stop .
tr	NN	She heard his growls , felt his paws swat at her back feet .
tr	NN	Does the TV stay on all night or go off at some time ?
tr	NNS	What are the chances that buying something from the 1950s or 1930s is found to be bad once it is opened and tried ?
tr	NNS	The edges of my vision turned red , and I clenched my jaw so tightly that I could have shattered diamond between my teeth .
tr	NN	Just remember , the prophecy about you was only clear on one thing .
tr	NNS	Time travelers can be pretty sensitive . "
tr	NN	" Put it on , " came the command .
tr	NNS	There are so many different forks and side passages that connect and curve around everywhere , and there are traps in most of the tunnels . "
tr	NNS	Those gold coins are amongst the rarest and most valued coins in the world . "
tr	NNS	Things this terrible only happened when the world was about to end .
tr	NNS	The edges of the entrance were jagged and thin , making the tree 's continued survival seem miraculous .
tr	NNS	How could the countess think about impressing Amira at a time like this ?
tr	NNS	The Arab 's military skills won a bunch of battles .
tr	NNS	The three zombies turned and walked back into the shadows .
tr	NN	" My uncle owns a used car dealership if you need to buy a new car .
tr	NNS	Starbucks knows it too , but now we 're at the top .
tr	NNS	" After all your travels , family dinners must bore you to tears . "
tr	NN	His roar broke the spell , and they both bolted , heading in the direction of their sister 's house .
tr	NNS	The creatures attacked them .
tr	NN	There is no diplomacy between hunters and vampires . "
tr	NN	A loud crash echoed through the house , and Steve bolted toward the noise , muttering , " That sounded expensive ! "
tr	NNS	The images show a fenced-in area with some buildings , which would imply some type of a prison system .
tr	NNS	Sirens screamed in the distance .
tr	NN	He appeared to be genuinely interested in what the teacher was saying , his concentration was intense .
tr	NNS	The eyelids of the corpse popped open .
tr	NN	The suitcase reminded me of all the times you packed your bags to be with me , and then to leave me .
tr	NNS	Three bars of music played before he answered , staring into my eyes .
tr	NNS	Images of Maggie infiltrated his mind , exacerbating his rage .
tr	NNS	The drugs were making their tongues too loose , but Ethan didn 't chastise anyone .
tr	NN	When they march Snow out the door , the audience goes insane .
tr	NN	My hunger stays oddly buried under my shock and disgust .
tr	NNS	You and your ... er , associates attacked our caravan just after we 'd finished our evening meal .
tr	NNS	The twins turned back to us , and the goblins who were only dark shapes behind them shifted in the dimness .
tr	NN	A bad crop meant that if we didn 't grow it , we didn 't eat .
tr	NNS	Gramps shakes his head .
tr	NN	The shadowed mass began to swell and gyrate to its own bizarre dance .
tr	NN	The master said they were gone .
tr	NNS	The drugs have taken her .
tr	NN	" I heard about that dead little girl , " The Boy said " What was her name ?
tr	NNS	No facts involved at all .
tr	NN	The venom burned , but it broke the grip of fear that had encompassed him .
tr	NN	Chance sighed and scrubbed one hand over his face impatiently .
tr	NNS	The footsteps thumped closer .
tr	NN	And miracle of miracles , even after a first date last Saturday , he still seemed ... normal .
tr	NN	" Well , your uncle has taken you along the trails many times and you should know how to be safe in the bush by now .
tr	NNS	Two other shoppers hurried up .
tr	NN	A small clump of soot fell into the glass .
tr	NN	The other patrons all left the room .
tr	NN	There was a twinkle in his eye .
tr	NNS	How much longer till we ´ re terminated ?
tr	NN	Every adult was beholding at him with awe and he knew it .
tr	NN	The colonel is a decorated officer and respected .
tr	NNS	The properties she 'd listed gave him some creative ideas on how to test it .
tr	NNS	The sirens are growing louder .
tr	NNS	But small , controlled , precise bits of magic like this were difficult , tricky , and draining .
tr	NNS	Three identical expressions of shock stared back at her .
tr	NN	The elf tipped his hat and returned to his business .
tr	NNS	There were signs of a coming storm in some lofty stratum of the air .
tr	NN	Mat 's attorney yelled at Phil . "
tr	NN	" The only explanation I can think of involves the Lord Ruler .
tr	NN	" The illusion is so real you think you should pick them up .
tr	NNS	" You see , the Five Worlds were in a much different shape than they are today .
tr	NNS	The cosmos is the media ; the life itself is the most potent media .
tr	NN	' Your disgust is only partly why you won 't let Fabian near , isn 't it ? '
tr	NNS	Great drops of sweat ran down the soldier 's body , covering his clothes with damp , dark splotches .
tr	NN	Probably too much gin thought Jen .
tr	NNS	Haven 's eyelids slowly opened .
tr	NN	His tail could bind limbs , while his claws could leave his foes blind .
tr	NNS	" Considering the poison and the injuries you sustained , the healers weren 't sure you were going to make it .
tr	NNS	Others took to the sea , manning sloops .
tr	NN	" You 're about to find out , " the werewolf promised .
tr	NN	" True , " the priest agreed , smiling proudly at her .
tr	NNS	Plus the oceans as I 've described . "
tr	NN	Beneath the thin covering , the outline of the stuffed wolf was visible close to her side .
tr	NNS	There aren 't any dinosaurs .
tr	NNS	Nerves rattled through her again , but resolutely , she fought them down .
tr	NNS	The four triumphant leaders headed up the aisle , receiving genuine congratulations as they went , and circled around to go up the stairs onto the stage .
tr	NN	Never real y thought about it .
tr	NNS	Your instincts suspected it , though , didn 't they ? "
tr	NN	" ' Many creatures do , ' answered the Sea .
tr	NN	Eline Kline 's posture faltered .
tr	NN	But a tour bus ? "
tr	NN	Part of Roger was disappointed .
tr	NN	The new hunger demands sacrifice .
tr	NNS	Energy levels are high , and it seems Dax and I are the only ones who have come back empty-handed from our mission .
tr	NNS	Maris got the darkest one and spread it across Pleasure 's broad back .
tr	NNS	Barnabas raised his hand , " Open the gate .
tr	NN	An ethereal , tall and willowy blonde sailed around a massive marble pillar in the vestibule .
tr	NN	Every studio had a synopsis of every story submitted to it .
tr	NN	His room mate laughed at him because , to Brad , it was amusing to see Mac always eating with chopsticks .
tr	NNS	If they accompanied him as he exited , then the fans might put two and two together and figure out his identity .
tr	NNS	The girls ' expressions ranged from envious to amused to wicked and back to envious .
tr	NN	There 's an art to it . "
tr	NNS	" How are the negotiations going ? "
tr	NNS	His thrusts were slow and steady enough to make her crave the natural escalation they promised .
tr	NN	In the nearby lounge , a TV blared .
tr	NNS	My footsteps echoed as I made my way across the marble floor to the main desk .
tr	NNS	Two space suits hung from a rack .
tr	NN	When we tell him who the partner was . "
tr	NN	But that software is old , millions of years old .
tr	NNS	The shapeless assailants crawled and slithered into the forest , taking their squirming victims with them .
tr	NN	his lack of adventure and deep-seated conservatism in this matter weren 't worthy of him .
tr	NN	A dimple depresses itself on her right side without the effort of a smile .
tr	NNS	In the next instant their mothers stood up from their foraging .
tr	NN	" And the bitch will pay me back everything . "
tr	NN	The tiny seed , that kernel of distrust of the ones who 'd made me , rooted .
tr	NN	A hunter hunts , and there was no longer denying I was very much a hunter .
tr	NN	An answering roar came back to him , filled with family pride , Liam tearing it up .
tr	NNS	Her classes were usually in the morning .
tr	NN	The writing beneath the picture was in German , and a barely legible caption stated the year : 1594 .
tr	NN	His colonel was delighted to hear of the promotion but was upset at losing a fine member of his staff .
tr	NN	The race had been hard and terrifying for the older boy .
tr	NN	Each small wing held a machine gun and one missile .
tr	NNS	Others flicker for a moment and pass on .
tr	NNS	The binoculars , " she said impatiently .
tr	NN	A red blush stained Kayla 's fair skin .
tr	NNS	But my physical symptoms were still present , in fact they were getting worse .
tr	NN	The coast was clear when Morton made it to the top of the stairs .
tr	NN	" The coma was harder . "
tr	NN	Making her come and then shutting down the second her orgasm was over .
tr	NN	When I ask Nurse Kell she says she doesn 't know what will happen , a disapproving look on her face .
tr	NNS	Words pale in comparison .
tr	NNS	His chains twisted and he wheeled around slow .
tr	NNS	There were no screens to keep the flies and mosquitoes out , and certainly no fans to push the air around .
tr	NN	" I don 't want to take unnecessary losses in a general skirmish , " the captain said .
tr	NN	How would the guardian know who to bully ?
tr	NN	" His lordship 's order , m ' lady .
tr	NNS	Words became divided and more order was established .
tr	NNS	The grainy black and white images being recorded by the camera appeared in the top right hand corner of the screen .
tr	NNS	Reyes 's nostrils flared and his eyes blazed with obsidian fire .
tr	NNS	My grandparents died a few years back .
tr	NN	A large loft fit for a king , to be exact .
tr	NNS	The vamps almost killed her outright .
tr	NNS	" Yes , and this is the thing , the new tests the coroner ran show that Henry was definitely murdered .
tr	NNS	Lights blazed from the building , and I knew inside would be filled with laughing , chatting scientists .
tr	NN	The sweet oblivion she 'd sought earlier arrived and she sank into a deep sleep .
tr	NNS	Carter 's trousers snagged on a rock outcropping , momentarily holding him prisoner .
tr	NNS	My stomach cramps as if I 've been sucker punched when he immediately removes his arm .
tr	NN	' The totem of my tribe is hawk . '
tr	NNS	What were my chances I wondered , before some deadly bolt of death cremated me ?
tr	NNS	The blunt edges of her nails raked over her eyes that stared out from behind the wilted petals .
tr	NN	The headboard thumped against the wall .
tr	NN	' Just a jug of ale thanks , ' Bri smiled .
tr	NNS	Your actions become my business when you run away to God knows where and I don 't see you for days . "
tr	NN	" What 's the damage , Jules ? "
tr	NNS	Inside , huge metal frames contained conveyor belts and empty hooks .
tr	NN	Where is your gratitude ?
tr	NNS	Things like that can add to a man 's travel time .
tr	NN	The maid came and put the drinks down on the table .
tr	NN	A large bump protruded from her belly .
tr	NN	And final y , she began the promises .
tr	NNS	Goss knew his limitations .
tr	NNS	Two figures jumped out of the van as I stopped ten feet away .
tr	NN	The party venue had the same buzzing atmosphere as the live arena but with a more cramped , head-spinning intensity .
tr	NNS	" No , all 4 CDs have the same tracks on them , you play each at the same time on different players . "
tr	NN	Horace squeezed in between them and stared curiously at the men on the ground The sudden assault by the minister took Abe by surprise .
tr	NN	A maid entered directly behind , carrying a tray weighted with hot water and cloths .
tr	NN	But the dying spark of his little fire is too small to see even in that darkness .
tr	NNS	And there were the other images , the ones that swam under the surface of memory and rose without warning or context .
tr	NN	The conviction in his eyes told her he believed what he said .
tr	NNS	But the werewolves love Luke .
tr	NNS	Colorful spots appeared before his eyes and he shook his head to clear his rattled brain .
tr	NNS	Thoughts raced through my mind ; of all the places I 'd never go , things I 'd never accomplish , people I 'd never see .
tr	NNS	Here long grasses grow and caress my fingertips as I walk toward a yew tree , its branches bare .
tr	NNS	Your fears are no longer just yours to bear because I will be with you every step of the way no matter what . "
tr	NN	Widespread hunger and disease wreaked havoc .
tr	NNS	Words just tumble out , and suddenly it 's intolerable .
tr	NN	The moss green vinyl siding of the house on the other side had melted and sagged .
tr	NNS	Shouts followed by what sounded like animals howling filled the air .
tr	NNS	' How about wildly beautiful , ridiculously smart and a never-ending surprise ? '
tr	NNS	" This is his first public appearance as duke , " the duchess whispered back .
tr	NNS	Words will come out of my mouth when the time comes and I 'll just have to hear what they are at the same time Mik does .
tr	NNS	They 've experimented on children , performed genetic experiments - all without the subject 's consent .
tr	NNS	Ignoring Mary Ellen 's stammered greeting , the duchess snapped a question at the girl : " Irish ? "
tr	NN	Her eyes sparkle and she sticks her chin out proudly .
tr	NN	' How is the hobbit , Pippin ? '
tr	NNS	Dangerous Beans thinks lights and shadows are very important .
tr	NNS	All the magical creatures went extinct . "
tr	NNS	Words cannot express the true horror of the vision before me .
tr	NN	I straightened my shoulders , fortified my determination .
tr	NNS	While the jungle bore some resemblance to its cousin in the Vale above , the differences were immediately noticeable .
tr	NN	The smells that wafted out were amazing and she felt her stomach rumble with interest .
tr	NNS	Even the strong Danish winds are still tonight , for a short time at least .
tr	NN	The knight bowed slightly to her , but his eyes showed irritation , not welcome .
tr	NN	A remnant remained of that ancient community in my youth as well .
tr	NNS	Near the doors , television cameras were recording the fiery scene and the destruction .
tr	NN	His white T-shirt strained over his well-developed chest , and he seemed gleefully conscious of that fact .
tr	NNS	Identical twins look alike , but no two people are ever really the same .
tr	NNS	Others meanwhile could manage little more than a shuffle .
tr	NNS	Where he is , the wolves are .
tr	NN	He pushed the heavy body aside and scrambled up , panicked at the blood coating his clothing .
tr	NNS	Anthony 's nostrils flared as the scent of his mate 's blood hit the air .
tr	NNS	Alexis tried to make eye contact with Greg , but he just stared right through her .
tr	NNS	But there were two major differences that gave me the advantage . "
tr	NN	The whiteboard on it falls to the carpet and I pick it up .
tr	NN	There the leader , Jabal , sat cooing gently to a pigeon he held .
tr	NN	The art of resurrection was his now too .
tr	NN	That fast beat ... and that sweet , plump flesh .
tr	NN	The arrangement was quite successful for several months .
tr	NNS	Outside the ring of dancing warriors with spears and axes stood the wolves at a respectful distance , watching and waiting .
tr	NNS	Things can mean more than one thing .
tr	NN	Then gently slid his hand down over her shoulder and flank to her hip .
tr	NNS	Colt leaned against the wall and crossed one foot in front of the other , his thumbs tucked into his front pockets .
tr	NN	" There are four high yield directed thermal explosives under the deck below the ship .
tr	NN	The leader of the work crew seemed to be a fairly advanced design -- a large , robust machine that must have worked construction in earlier days .
tr	NNS	Our minds are far too complex to make choices that way .
tr	NNS	Long , dirty locks of hair fell around the remnants of what used to be a neck .
tr	NNS	The two kisses they 'd shared previously had been tame compared to the way he consumed her mouth tonight .
tr	NNS	Families need to talk . "
tr	NN	But why did no-one ask me ?
tr	NN	Your uncle wants his bloodline to continue .
tr	NNS	More mumbled curses are all he can make out as the guards drag the traitor to the nearest prison cell .
tr	NN	The conviction and protectiveness in his tone made my heart flutter .
tr	NNS	There 's a bookmark almost three-quarters of the way through .
tr	NN	" Happy birthday to you , " I sang louder , too embarrassed to tell if my tone was perilously flat .
tr	NNS	Those skills don 't need to be hidden away in the home . "
tr	NN	" The phoenix is their legend of someone murdered , seeking revenge .
tr	NNS	Lights came on , flooding the large room Iona found inside .
tr	NNS	The pirates soon followed , carrying meager amounts of rations , surprising Paddy in the lack of there being anything substantial .
tr	NN	The sheriff called me this morning and said they indeed found my blood on Ralph 's boot .
tr	NNS	" You know , man-eating werewolves aren 't afraid to go swimming .
tr	NNS	In about fifteen minutes , the werewolves of California would be fully transitioned and , from what I knew , out of their minds with blood lust .
tr	NNS	Thoughts swirled in his head and he turned his attention to the fireplace .
tr	NNS	As soon as the words were floating in the quiet room , all Lexi 's fears solidified .
tr	NNS	" Things will go so much easier if you would just remember that . "
tr	NNS	The goblins were there in the dark , just outside the headlight beams .
tr	NN	His power shield slipped between them and the wraith collided into that shield , as though she 'd struck a brick wall .
tr	NNS	The tests are never the same as previous years , but are always based on each of the dozen tasks that Hercules was required to complete . "
tr	NNS	The responsibilities for the baby are all mine , and that 's fine with me . "
tr	NN	A pencil , presumably tucked behind his ear , disappeared into his shaggy hair .
tr	NNS	Though not identical , the twins each carried the stamp of their father .
tr	NNS	( The exits are here and there and the beverage cart is here . )
tr	NNS	With only a handful of operational cars and trucks , snowbound roads were impassable at times , hampering distribution of vital supplies .
tr	NN	The suspect continues to rant and flail his arms as the Expedition pulls away .
tr	NN	The senator had stunned her with his unprovoked admission that he was meeting with space companies and accepting money .
tr	NN	Best ice cream in the world , " Dion said .
tr	NN	At quarter after two the receptionist made a call .
tr	NN	The rear admiral or whoever he was , couldn 't talk me into anything I didn 't want to do .
tr	NN	The language was one that Paul had never heard but then languages had never been his strong point .
tr	NNS	After a few feet there was no signs of Cruz .
tr	NN	" Magma dome , " the pilot said .
tr	NNS	Marius shrugged , his shoulder-length blond hair drifting around his handsome face .
tr	NNS	The countess and her servants will warn us if the Germans approach . "
tr	NNS	Looks like a gargoyle .
tr	NNS	Which deaths he would face today remained to be seen .
tr	NN	The spectral analyze helped determine that the composition of the sphere couldn 't be reconciled with what was initially there .
tr	NNS	Many warriors rose into prominence among them in those days .
tr	NNS	There were no visible signs of ... inappropriate scarring in around his genital areas .
tr	NNS	Nylon stockings beat limping down the hall .
tr	NN	This session was more of a brainstorming meeting with each vice president defining their goals for the next quarter .
tr	NNS	And the Bugs don 't look like they 're ready to let us walk either .
tr	NN	At all times his accent was impeccable and Donald could not find a crack in Henry 's persona .
tr	NN	I just don , t have anything yet .
tr	NN	Your ... your pattern is readable . "
tr	NN	He was limping , a rag tied tight around his right thigh .
tr	NNS	" No ... " rings out from within the cave cell as the door slams , cutting off Junie 's pleas .
tr	NNS	Soldiers grab both of us and lead us toward the remaining jeep .
tr	NNS	The followers of the brand and the paste increased in number and devotion .
tr	NNS	All talking ceased as he gently stretched his body out next to hers on the bed and kissed her so intensely , her monitors started going off .
tr	NN	The human race is in my hands .
tr	NNS	" Things looked worse than they were .
tr	NN	There on the ground next to him was the fiddle .
tr	NN	The bastard had snuck into his lair and stolen the precious baby who had become as beloved to him as if he were his own son .
tr	NN	His hunger was insatiable and he tasted her like a starving man who couldn 't stop himself from jumping on his food once he 'd found it .
tr	NNS	The chains vibrated against his neck as she looked at it .
tr	NNS	Nerves kicked through her gut , spiraling up her back and chilling the skin as they went .
tr	NN	All the clothing is special . "
tr	NN	Part of the problem was the sewing machines we were forced to use in class .
tr	NNS	" So , economically , the damages are not great when the plaintiff dies .
tr	NN	Turning to me , the priest asked , " Why have you moved out , Alex ? "
tr	NNS	Two political leaders , in $ 5,000 suits rolling around on the ground like 12 year old boys .
tr	NNS	The limits of their bodies became unclear as she found herself rushing closer to her climax .
tr	NN	The chaos below only grew when He turned again , lurching and throwing His weight to the side and bringing it down heavily on the ground .
tr	NN	The headboard came next .
tr	NNS	The line items kept moving up like the text in a movie screen giving me sufficient time to read .
tr	NN	Where will his loyalty be ? "
tr	NN	" Freedom ... " the young barkeep scoffed under his breath .
tr	NN	After a week or so , when it became obvious that he absolutely would not enter the tower , our Master went down to him .
tr	NN	The brunette grabbed the blonde 's other hand .
tr	NN	" And of course you muck stalls .
tr	NNS	The Lights briefly flicked on and off .
tr	NNS	Two thin trails of dust lifted slowly in the air behind them .
tr	NNS	In a layer of flower gardens , the possibilities of attack are endless .
tr	NNS	Two DPS uniforms behind him were holding a large , rectangular , wooden crate .
tr	NN	" Watch your mouths , " the other goon said .
tr	NNS	" The ladies said you hated him for what happened with your father .
tr	NNS	Others will take the credit for her work and since she was undercover , she could not boast about the cases that she solved during that time .
tr	NN	Nausea surged and I draped my arm over my eyes , squeezed them tight , wished for anything that would blot it out .
tr	NN	A rumbling from behind her signalled the return of the elemental .
tr	NNS	The cameras continued to go off but people stopped talking .
tr	NNS	" Orders sir ? "
tr	NN	Head bowed , shoulders sagging , a deliberate pose of defeat .
tr	NN	The knuckles tapered to dull points and the palm 's many plates made it appear that it could flex as well as any hand .
tr	NN	" The reputation the Police Department feels you rely on will not save you and I will not be able to save you . "
tr	NNS	" The aliens slow down after a saucer is destroyed , but they can still fight .
tr	NN	The beating is slow .
tr	NN	My arms are flailing , my pulse fitfully racing as I struggle to get my bearings .
tr	NNS	A hundred different polished tiles reflected the flickering flames , looking like eyes that watched Egwene as she walked .
tr	NN	My sub unit commander returned to our vehicle and he had a straight poker face .
tr	NN	The mayor then signaled his army of constables , and they began to escort a bewildered crowd out of the theater .
tr	NNS	" And the economic ramifications if those socialists get back in . "
tr	NN	But the Enemy is really here , really saying and doing things .
tr	NNS	" My apologies , Your Highness , " the pathetic card whimpered into the ground .
tr	NNS	Yes , my chances of living if I ended up in Vaughn 's hands were zero .
tr	NNS	She 'd smiled and waved ... He tripped , his trousers snagged on something .
tr	NN	With every examination came a more intense measure of worry .
tr	NNS	' I mean , members of the opposite sex won 't fancy them .
tr	NNS	Reyes pressed onward , only throwing one backward glance over his shoulder .
tr	NNS	" Your Highness may never have seen him , but he 's fairly easy to pick out of a crowd .
tr	NNS	Once he 'd given into his usual first impulse after seeing the SUV come closer , his instincts took over .
tr	NN	The strip of red silk hung useless from her arms , and he pushed it up so one strap hung from the wall hook .
tr	NNS	No fireworks you ever imagined equalled the sights that night .
tr	NNS	But so far , my chances were slim .
tr	NNS	Regardless who planted the seed in Ashley ; the twins belonged to my brother .
tr	NNS	Surprisingly , no outward signs of ridicule or contempt followed .
tr	NNS	Our tests showed that it 's hard to overdose .
tr	NN	" As soon as the sun comes up - " The bike began to sputter .
tr	NN	The first race of the ninth defense would in no way rival the last great race of the eighth defense .
tr	NNS	Guns lay to one side , bent and mangled .
tr	NN	" This milk isn 't for free and wasn 't even for sale . "
tr	NNS	Great white flakes of snow were falling across the city , and they 'd already collected into a white blanket that covered the lawn .
tr	NN	As he turned he dipped and caught by a sudden rush of strong wind , the hawk flipped and fell sharply toward the ground .
tr	NNS	" My apologies , " he says with a laugh .
tr	NNS	Folks living in Juniper Woods hauled water , lived off the grid and tended to take care of their own problems .
tr	NNS	The travelers looked up and to their astonishment was a giant gold wyvern descending upon them .
tr	NNS	Though Rand had ordered this army to travel light , there were still camp followers .
tr	NNS	When your aunts told the story did they not tell you about the needs burning between a bonded pair ?
tr	NNS	Two ladies were waiting and chatting , looking antsy as we entered the room .
tr	NN	If Greg 's ward was looking for revenge , all the better .
tr	NN	He bent forward , the dim glint of metal shone briefly , reflecting the glow of the mark around her .
tr	NNS	" His Highness told me only yesterday how much he enjoyed coming here . "
tr	NN	Fortunately , Jules 's soup was no longer steaming hot .
tr	NN	If he does the same thing I did , the big crocodile will tear into him .
tr	NN	His itch of body as he held himself against the lurching of the train .
tr	NNS	Unique experiences seemed to follow me by the truckload and I had to make my peace with it or go crazy .
tr	NN	My pulse picks up as I pull myself to my feet .
tr	NN	" So how old is this bot , then ? "
tr	NNS	At the main gate , guardians interrogated Ms. Terwilliger about her visit , wanting to know why Eddie was with her .
tr	NNS	There were figures moving inside it .
tr	NNS	Lights blinked in a rhythmic pattern darting back and forth across the illuminated screen .
tr	NNS	His cards looked as bad as any he had folded that night .
tr	NNS	" Not all the wolves - just one .
tr	NNS	Girls in Red guarded the Temple of the Great Seen Unseen .
tr	NNS	Over her shoulder , more Kevlar black helmets and body armor piled into the apartment .
tr	NNS	His movements were slow and weak .
tr	NN	His snort cut me to the bone .
tr	NNS	Things were going from desperate to impossible and I could do nothing about it .
tr	NN	The captain offered Lucien a chair .
tr	NN	Love leaves you vulnerable , don 't you know ? "
tr	NNS	Others walk out of the room , leaving me with the old man .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared and his pulse throbbed in his temple .
tr	NNS	" No , there are no shots or anything of course .
tr	NN	A dull clang resounded over the low waves .
tr	NN	Outside , the cotton clouds darken to steel wool .
tr	NNS	" Disneyland fireworks , " I said , exiting the freeway .
tr	NN	Like I want to floor the gas pedal .
tr	NN	The roar grew to impossible new volumes .
tr	NN	A twig snapped from behind the car .
tr	NN	And then there was his brain pattern .
tr	NNS	The strings trembled under his fingers .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids lifted , though she seemed to struggle with the effort .
tr	NN	" I said your physical body will not be harmed , " the oracle replied , baring rotten yellow teeth .
tr	NNS	Jerry 's chances of leaving this room on his own two feet had just dropped considerably .
tr	NNS	The tunnels stretched in both directions , pitch-black , sweltering , smelling of wet cement and whispering with trickles of water .
tr	NN	Minutes ago , the technician monitoring Kat 's surveillance pen reported new feed coming from her second device .
tr	NNS	Their medical facilities were sparse .
tr	NN	Through the front window , the blue spruce Elizabeth and I had planted gently rocked , raindrops falling from its needles like diamonds .
tr	NNS	The cliffs were high and unassailable , with sharp edges making climbing impossible .
tr	NN	The troll hesitated . '
tr	NN	Bart Kessler was her foreman , his belly sat upon the table begging to be deflated .
tr	NN	The canvas was blank , save a few dabs of blue .
tr	NNS	" Things like which judge is sitting on my current case . "
tr	NN	There was the lovely Alicia as well .
tr	NNS	The images in my mind faded and I became aware that I was standing in the Batcave .
tr	NN	" You 're doing fine , " said the Lecturer in Recent Runes .
tr	NN	At the sound of his voice a tremor ran through her .
tr	NNS	Other wolves had shown up , too .
tr	NNS	No gun fights or bar brawls to be had .
tr	NNS	" Animals as a rule aren 't particularly jealous , but Grayson always was .
tr	NN	The difficulty was in finding the native element best suited for our purposes .
tr	NN	Anger and resentment boiled ; Puck was the last person I wanted to see , much less talk to .
tr	NN	Make way for a braver son , " shouted a brawny fellow elbowing his way towards the ring formed around their wet bodies .
tr	NN	Behind them , the weapons cache blew , blowing the door open , making a mess of the windows and the street in front of the building .
tr	NNS	Any skills that this man has , you now have , and will always have .
tr	NN	If our man is innocent , there 's a murderer still at large , and one that got a vested interest in someone else being convicted .
tr	NNS	But right now , my responsibilities are to my own people .
tr	NN	The Stranger 's altar was shrouded in shadow , with but a single candle burning .
tr	NNS	If we had known that any noble was dreaming of offering her the throne , then the accusations against me would have made some sense .
tr	NNS	The settlers had left York Factory several weeks ago , but the rumblings among the traders did not stop .
tr	NNS	Windshield wipers slapped away sheeting rain again and again until he wondered if she was going to stay silent the whole way back .
tr	NNS	His overalls were dirty all the time and he could never sit still .
tr	NNS	" Maybe all married couples share their dreams . "
tr	NN	That " territory " was obviously very important to him .
tr	NNS	Moses was wondering what all of this had to do with him .
tr	NNS	There were simply too many excellent candidates that year , too much competition .
tr	NN	Part of her wondered if she was now vulnerable like any normal person , if her longevity had been removed and her body made weak again .
tr	NN	Those women with their slender h * ps piss me off . "
tr	NNS	His body relaxed , lost some of it rigid stiffness .
tr	NN	For justice 's sake . "
tr	NN	Her spine stiffened , straightening with some of the old starch .
tr	NNS	There were no second chances , so you 'd pray you were a crack shot .
tr	NN	The " yard " in front of some houses had little grass patches here and there .
tr	NN	The keyboard would have to wait .
tr	NN	A maniac had done this ; had broken in , killed Jack , and taken Jamie and Jesse while Trina hid .
tr	NNS	Shopping centers with empty parking lots lined the main road through town .
tr	NN	" They 're starting to break off onto the side streets , " said the squad leader , coming up by his side .
tr	NN	When I was in my early twenties , a second bout of cancer struck with a viciousness that had me reeling .
tr	NN	A thousand meters away , hidden deep within the building , a surveillance robot the size of a mosquito received his transmission and sprang to life .
tr	NNS	After all , my instincts may want to trust him , but the rest of me isn 't nearly as easy to impress ... or fool .
tr	NN	Love seems tangent to all emotions at once -- a nebulous cloud of rational and irrational thought , impossible to pin down , impossible to generalize .
tr	NNS	Soldiers looked up , pointing .
tr	NNS	The lasers were destroying the ship .
tr	NNS	Reyes knew exactly what Angelica meant , that she referred to the Russian slave .
tr	NN	" No offense , " Arnie said .
tr	NNS	" All right , " the twins gave each other a high five .
tr	NNS	Myles pulled his head out from under the pillow .
tr	NNS	" Others say he is opposed to them .
tr	NNS	The strands that had been cut off turned into ashes .
tr	NN	The theory is sound and it worked on a few lab animals but we didn 't have time to even perfect that . "
tr	NN	Before he even moved , a strange foresight played the scene before my eyes .
tr	NNS	Then , all at once , thin blades shot out of the tips of their stubby fingers , out of their toes , out of their shoulders .
tr	NNS	Their actions can taint whole movements . "
tr	NNS	A few more inches and he 'd see what her bikini bottom should be covering .
tr	NNS	His nostrils were white .
tr	NNS	Our footsteps clattered against the stone , but nobody seemed to hear us .
tr	NN	The slayer inherits the dead man 's special ability . "
tr	NNS	' Hah , working together through me , these weak , puny creatures have turned your own power against you ! '
tr	NNS	Tangled bits of flesh and entrails dangle from the tightly wound wires at random points .
tr	NN	the sergeant yelled , changing the wailing to a soft whimper .
tr	NN	The hermit looked away and was silent .
tr	NNS	Both eggs were still inside .
tr	NN	the managing partner asked .
tr	NNS	There were no hidden cameras either .
tr	NN	You ' l need to make some other al ies for when she 's gone .
tr	NN	The formality of the words no longer made this discussion personal .
tr	NN	The fiery meteorite builds upon the wall making it stronger and longer for protecting the moon ... " Duce frowns with confusion .
tr	NNS	Instinctively , all three bikes made a hairpin turn to try to get away .
tr	NN	The student , who brought you here , said you possibly had a seizure .
tr	NN	A quick slice through the knot dissolved the weave .
tr	NN	The captain sat back in his chair and frowned .
tr	NN	The wood backing appears to be partially broken .
tr	NNS	The sergeants like to come around during the night to make sure everyone 's in bed . "
tr	NN	" Our canyon came to a dead end .
tr	NN	The ninja searched the area with his eyes before pointing at a small object with a red glowing center .
tr	NN	Maybe the crown hadn 't done what I expected it to .
tr	NNS	There were no visible prints , and the serial number had been ground down .
tr	NNS	Lucian bursts and thousands of spirits escape .
tr	NN	" She 's bluffing , " the warty goblin said .
tr	NN	No bullet can pierce her Kevlar skin .
tr	NNS	The mattress was two inches of foam rubber wrapped in a sheet .
tr	NNS	Her caresses on his chest became firm presses .
tr	NN	But the pinch has not yet come .
tr	NN	He opened the briefcase on his lap , took out a Glock and two clips .
tr	NN	The candlelight played over her skin , the swell of her breast and narrow rib cage .
tr	NN	A rider needs to be friends with his horse .
tr	NNS	Others crossed the street to avoid us .
tr	NNS	Drugs and sex are great ways of making new , protective friends .
tr	NNS	The locks clapped open .
tr	NNS	The zombies closed around him and began to feed .
tr	NN	" You let him slip , " gran barked , " That 's putting everyone at risk .
tr	NN	A panic demon 's only defense is inducing panic , and Asaph is a pretty weak demon at that .
tr	NN	I ' l head back to the house with Savannah and Devon . "
tr	NNS	Things had changed a bit when we finally made our way back to the party .
tr	NNS	These ghosts that are being pulled from the fabric of my past , they are the shell of my guilt I carry around every day .
tr	NNS	The colors were dark and rich .
tr	NNS	Bottles helped his dad finish it .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids felt heavy , but she forced herself to open them anyway .
tr	NNS	Jewels studded the luxurious furniture .
tr	NNS	Things started to make more sense to her .
tr	NN	Finally , on the fourth attempt , the tip of the match bloomed into flame .
tr	NNS	Cadmus raised a dark eyebrow .
tr	NNS	There were no signs of anger on his face like before .
tr	NN	The tender was fearful and clung tightly to The One 's light .
tr	NNS	The cards were now on the table .
tr	NN	There was a huge dark bruise on his right arm , which Angel thought was a defense wound .
tr	NNS	Others believe the stones are still on the premises of the old home following the fire that occurred about a week after the robbery . "
tr	NN	" Uh , well ... " The warrior pounded his fist into the arm of his chair .
tr	NNS	Cadmus stared at Zeus seriously , clearly weighing the situation carefully .
tr	NNS	The ripples of her release squeezed around his flesh .
tr	NN	For me , tennis and fashion didn 't mix .
tr	NNS	Sirens howled in the distance .
tr	NN	My science teacher said he will give anyone extra credit if they can re-create the slime that was used in the movie .
tr	NN	The paint was peeling on all four exterior walls and the porch railing was rotted .
tr	NNS	There were four other passengers .
tr	NN	The same manner he displayed with my mother as well .
tr	NN	" The hen is out of the roost .
tr	NNS	" There are thousands of colleges I could 've gone to , Grace , but I came here because it had you . "
tr	NNS	" How are the light fixtures in that basement ? "
tr	NNS	Call signs help disguise our identity , our unit , even our mission . "
tr	NNS	Myles thought of a dozen additional questions he needed to ask .
tr	NNS	Four pairs of hands all tried to help me untangle myself , but I batted them away .
tr	NN	" Child of power , child of light , we now assert a parent 's right .
tr	NNS	My fears had followed me into my dreams yesterday , although I was glad I had at least slept through the night .
tr	NN	His method of making tea was an unusual mixture of traditional English and traditional Chinese .
tr	NNS	Your pills are on the table . "
tr	NN	An undercover agent was missing .
tr	NNS	The changes have already begun . "
tr	NNS	My movements were slow and languid .
tr	NNS	Chills ran up and down her legs .
tr	NN	The Master would not intercede this time , stepping in to alter the inevitable as He had when Jace plunged into the gorge .
tr	NNS	But the tunnels we crawled through were unhygienic .
tr	NNS	The floors were wooden , but the walls were the metallic cobblestones .
tr	NN	The second exclusion zone would take in the North Island of New Zealand .
tr	NN	But that unease in my chest lingers , and no amount of giggles seems to dissolve it .
tr	NN	" What is the other requirement ? "
tr	NNS	These creatures aren 't worth your time , not any of them .
tr	NN	The autopsy came up negative , nothing in his system . "
tr	NNS	Those little minds are like sponges , thirsting for knowledge .
tr	NNS	My eyelids felt like they had lead weights attached to them .
tr	NN	The old duke had regularly beaten Ian , saying that Ian was being sullen when he wouldn 't look at anyone .
tr	NNS	" My apologies for last night , " he said .
tr	NN	A spark zaps Lance in the forehead followed by another and then yet another , making Lance scream with pain every time .
tr	NN	The idiot had been blubbering when Case left him in the infirmary ... with those two doctors who were bleeding messes , courtesy of the vampire Shane .
tr	NN	His tongue swirled and trembled , causing a rioting , clawing need to pull the strength from her limbs .
tr	NN	There 's not even a scar to mark where the mine hit her , though that 's not what catches my attention .
tr	NNS	Laced cobwebs shimmered as they caught the spray of dust that burst forth in a shroud of grey haze .
tr	NNS	There 're no guarantees . "
tr	NNS	Tomorrow , Sunday , the winds will be even worse , but by Monday night , the weather will gradually begin to improve .
tr	NNS	If her runway show in Paris was a hit , her designs would be in demand and money would no longer be an issue .
tr	NN	When a female medic joined them , the male medic looked relieved .
tr	NN	No toppling government was too dangerous to bargain with .
tr	NN	The leader of the soldiers who did not get involved in the battle appeared on a hill .
tr	NNS	The pupils were wide and dark , consuming all the blue .
tr	NN	A clang and the stair door opened .
tr	NNS	The characters and events portrayed in this book are fictitious .
tr	NNS	But the media needed some sort of story because she died so controversially . "
tr	NNS	The zombies , for their part , were trying their best to sink their teeth into whatever part of Joe they could reach .
tr	NNS	' Things couldn 't be more perfect . '
tr	NNS	" The Jets beat you here with the Gate . "
tr	NNS	" Animals know no higher reason .
tr	NN	The havoc his touch created within her was too powerful to resist .
tr	NNS	The roads were much wider than what she had seen in the town .
tr	NNS	The media printed whatever got the most sales .
tr	NNS	" Honey , those images are just fragments of our dreams . "
tr	NNS	The sloppy footsteps clicked up the sidewalk .
tr	NNS	She continued walking , her footsteps soggy .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared as he breathed deeply .
tr	NNS	" Sure , now that the contamination levels are under control . "
tr	NN	Even the arrival of the morning wouldn 't bring any relief from the townspeople 's fear .
tr	NN	There was no mistaking what was drawn in ink and paper , a portrait .
tr	NN	A keg of beer made an appearance .
tr	NN	Part of me wanted to run back there and kidnap Lauren .
tr	NNS	His eyelids lowered in a barely perceptible flinch .
tr	NN	" But your career , your business - " " Don 't mean a damn thing without you .
tr	NNS	The immortals at the end of the corridor turned , their eyes widening in shocked surprise .
tr	NNS	* * * Things were sort of normal over the next week .
tr	NNS	All my hopes of victory seemed in vain now .
tr	NNS	Romulus stared for long minutes and suddenly snapped his fingers .
tr	NNS	There were slight differences too ; this girl was made of porcelain , just as his own daughter had originally been formed from it .
tr	NN	The most important weakness of demons is , of course , their vulnerability to angelic power and heavenly fire .
tr	NNS	Television cameras shooting from outside the base showed columns of smoke rising from multiple locations .
tr	NN	My agent , the one you saw through the smoke , was in the house .
tr	NNS	My eyelids flutter and I feel like closing them .
tr	NN	" The language is beautifully descriptive . "
tr	NNS	Approaching footsteps pounded outside .
tr	NN	A beginning player is doing well if he can see four or five moves into the game .
tr	NN	However , the notion of being ripped to shreds by those blood-thirsty creatures caused the feeling to flood his being .
tr	NNS	The jaws of an iron trap had closed on her leg , with teeth that sank deep and held .
tr	NNS	Lights flashed over its entry .
tr	NNS	Two freight trains and a passenger train . "
tr	NN	His new employer waved his hands , " No , no .
tr	NNS	The sails hung limp .
tr	NNS	The large black headlines keep the optical brightness within reasonable bounds while his political education is provided .
tr	NN	Their real value , and their rate on the black market , is about twenty to the pound .
tr	NN	On his right , the bay was open to the outdoors by a terrace that ran the length of the hangar .
tr	NN	And no offense , bro , but she 's always a little pissy with you . "
tr	NN	His bark of laughter was rather loud in the quiet room .
tr	NNS	The detectives shot each other a look , just short of an eye roll .
tr	NNS	Cadmus and I had fallen in love and Ares had grown very fond of him .
tr	NNS	These tunnels seemed to stretch further .
tr	NNS	Their tongues hung out , and they jumped excitedly at his feet , waiting for him to throw a Frisbee .
tr	NNS	" The two suns are pretty weird , huh ? "
tr	NNS	Gathering Lost Souls is what we do .
tr	NNS	The overlapping footprints all merged at the entrance to the closet door .
tr	NN	But no-one could deliver .
tr	NNS	No public roads led to those cliffs along the river .
tr	NNS	Put that way , her sudden wickedness didn 't feel quite so sinful .
tr	NN	Your reputation precedes you . '
tr	NN	Morning was coming soon , and although it was slightly overcast , there should still be a fairly good sunrise .
tr	NNS	Except now that she was home alone , the bright colors that defined her were nowhere to be found .
tr	NNS	" Things are getting serious .
tr	NNS	There are strong currents at that point .
tr	NNS	The torches lining the secret passage had long since burned themselves out .
tr	NNS	The wolves turned on this new threat .
tr	NNS	The images my mind had conjured had definitely not done him justice .
tr	NNS	And that ladies and gentlemen caught me completely off guard .
tr	NNS	Romulus wheezed , flinging a pack of matches at Viktor .
tr	NN	The government is evacuating . "
tr	NNS	The four other patrons turned to look at it with various comments .
tr	NN	Not only was chastity a daily challenge to her , but her dream had always been to bear and raise children , possibly even many children .
tr	NNS	Having overheard Stavros ' aside , the nurses who had been invited to witness the wedding giggled to themselves .
tr	NN	For a moment guilt and uncertainty flared hotly through me .
tr	NNS	The goblins didn 't look away .
tr	NN	The Empire is a resource to you , Beslan .
tr	NNS	The warriors seeing their King , charge into the night unarmed , had immediately followed him .
tr	NN	A tremor ran through my arm .
tr	NNS	Small bursts explode like light bulbs from the barrels set within the front .
tr	NNS	" Radiation levels are a little high here . "
tr	NN	" A studio , " Claire repeated .
tr	NN	No loyalty whatsoever from the upper fur ball echelon .
tr	NN	But then she looked at the guy 's droopy eyes , dirty dreadlocks , crooked smile , and tie-dyed Grateful Dead 1986 Tour T-shirt .
tr	NNS	The rods hum as if making their own screeching announcement to the world .
tr	NN	The nape of my neck hung tenderly in his mouth .
tr	NN	At the same time , his sheer incompetence had foiled her attempts to maintain their proper roles .
tr	NN	Amy 's giggle made my head ache .
tr	NN	His instinct to survive was too powerful .
tr	NN	The tsar presided over a huge clan who were simply indifferent to their public reputation .
tr	NN	Her tender hand on my cheek .
tr	NNS	My psychic defenses aren 't bad , but they had been crushed like a beer can under a bulldozer .
tr	NN	A thin trickle of blood ran from Jeff 's nose and he could taste it on his lips .
tr	NNS	A decade and a half later , her sculptures were nothing short of masterful .
tr	NNS	My wrists are sore from straining against the handcuffs .
tr	NNS	Things happened fast after that .
tr	NN	Half an hour later , the jug is still hovering around Byron and Echo , though it 's considerably lighter .
tr	NNS	and a couple different variations of the same question came from all four people .
tr	NNS	All the writings that were in the process of being written all stop at the same time .
tr	NN	His posture relaxed and the anger coating his face was washed clean .
tr	NNS	" Enjoy her pretty colors , but never forget , she is alive , aware .
tr	NNS	More original novels and novellas are in the works .
tr	NN	The chairman said , " I think something like that would have a very beneficial effect on the city .
tr	NN	At least , before the children took the Warrior 's Trial .
tr	NN	' The Duke will see you in his study , ' the elf told them .
tr	NN	A ferocious blush rises in my cheeks , and I vainly try to hide it with my hair .
tr	NNS	Sharp talons raked my left side , searing my ribs with hot pain .
tr	NN	" The sous chef called out sick , so I 'll be supervising the food props tonight . "
tr	NNS	Things that would die and rot and molder without me , but I cried , " Let there be light ! "
tr	NNS	But the worms were falling off her at a rapid rate .
tr	NN	Every faction has agreed to keep the humans in the dark .
tr	NNS	The screens showing the enemy ships went blank .
tr	NNS	Things like the Pick and Choose and her self-respect .
tr	NNS	" That seamstress , what 's her name , Celeste ? "
tr	NNS	My eyelids are so heavy , so I shut them .
tr	NN	There was no gas for the water heater .
tr	NNS	The vegetables will be fine .
tr	NN	What drugs are these people on , and where can I get some ? "
tr	NN	A pitcher with wine and glasses awaited them and a servant girl was already pouring it for them , hands shaking .
tr	NNS	Forty pairs of startled eyes stared at him wondering what was funny .
tr	NNS	' My ideas are always the best .
tr	NNS	The prickles on her head felt like hair standing on end and she knew she had hit upon a bit of truth .
tr	NN	" What is the distinction ? "
tr	NNS	Maks stared down at the girl .
tr	NN	The detectives exchange looks again .
tr	NNS	" Your tender ministrations may well kill me . "
tr	NN	There was a sparkle in his eyes , a glimmer .
tr	NN	" The agent has two houses lined up on this side of town .
tr	NN	Every minute of every day that they 'd been together this past week , his goal had been to earn her trust .
tr	NN	Damn those flashlight apps on the iPhone .
tr	NN	Joshua 's pulse fluttered weakly against her thumb .
tr	NN	There was a small boat dock in front of them , and a few hundred yards away , a convenience store and gas station .
tr	NNS	Horse races and dancing girls are the least of it .
tr	NNS	His Highness told me the same thing yesterday . "
tr	NN	" As you said , the shopping available around here is a little limited . "
tr	NNS	His siblings would never have come to his rescue even once .
tr	NNS	Luc 's security protocols are in the secure section .
tr	NN	The darts in the gun were full of a sinister neurotoxin manufactured by his employer .
tr	NNS	Things between us don 't have to move so quickly .
tr	NNS	Someone claims , without proof , that Scrooge is going to be killed on or about Christmas eve .
tr	NN	The porter studied it , nodded , and handed it back .
tr	NNS	Hands dug into my upper arms .
tr	NNS	In the darkness , with no dome light to illuminate the small action , Brandon 's movements on the far side of the car were virtually invisible .
tr	NNS	A few drops splattered on my arm , and I screamed rubbing my forearm vigorously on my pants .
tr	NNS	Sara 's eyelids flew open , then blinked a few times to focus .
tr	NN	The prophecy speaks of secrecy and I believe we should respect that . "
tr	NN	The van came to a stop temporarily , then accelerated and turned at ninety degrees .
tr	NN	The noose around his neck blew out toward the rear of the train in the wind .
tr	NNS	Looks like you 're their first kidnap attempt .
tr	NNS	Then there are the disappearances themselves - hardly low profile by any means .
tr	NNS	" And yes , my siblings are great . "
tr	NN	Nodding , the newcomer stepped into line and leveled her rifle at me .
tr	NN	The whirring ceiling fan blew air across the lingering dampness , cooling her fevered skin .
tr	NNS	The rats were leaping into the air and screaming back , " No !
tr	NNS	Reyes glared at him .
tr	NNS	The Newmarket races will be here soon enough , and you can start at Trinity term . "
tr	NNS	Several strands of hair had fallen from her ponytail and there was a smudge of black ink on her cheek .
tr	NNS	The cleverness she bragged about .
tr	NN	As luck would have it , my partner was Dean .
tr	NN	A tremor ran down the muscles in my arm .
tr	NNS	Romantic prints hung on the walls , elaborately framed .
tr	NN	" Another mercy session would do the same thing .
tr	NNS	Girls like her shouldn 't hear the words being tossed into the night .
tr	NN	A light dusting of snow covered the ground and Noelle could see David 's big boot prints etched plainly into the snow .
tr	NNS	Soon his opponents would discover the device hidden under his shirt that he 'd been using to hack the machines .
tr	NNS	Their appearances and frustration had seemed genuine .
tr	NNS	His messengers had all fled , and his guards fought at the keep gates .
tr	NNS	His aunt 's Mercedes pulled into the empty spot .
tr	NNS	Shadowhunters don 't hide . "
tr	NN	Under his leadership , the Maya would recover their former glory , and pilgrims from around the world would flock to his temples once again .
tr	NN	Killer tossed the AK-47 to one of the other kids and said , " I want that one also . "
tr	NNS	" Wandering relatives who no one knew about until my wife got rich .
tr	NN	Eventually the hunger would take over , and he would need to feed .
tr	NN	His reputation didn 't matter now .
tr	NN	A low giggle brought Micah back from the brink , and she broke the kiss with an audible smack .
tr	NN	The chanting stopped but the presences still remained .
tr	NNS	Things were moving way too fast .
tr	NN	Because in my driveway was a white Mercedes convertible .
tr	NNS	Screams echoed inside her , filling every hollow place .
tr	NNS	All these changes in my life are happening too quickly .
tr	NN	Right , cart 's outside .
tr	NN	The acid will be in your veins , absorbed into the blood stream through your skin .
tr	NNS	Three pairs of eyes are watching me as I race toward them .
tr	NNS	Others are watching from the top of the ridge where I stand .
tr	NNS	The traitorous thought formed and she pushed it aside .
tr	NN	Production finally closed down and that same day , the studio announced that Judy Garland was being replaced .
tr	NN	A jab to the ribs prodded me forward .
tr	NNS	" Mister Wilson , the pupils here have far more real concerns than whether we are stunting their creative growth .
tr	NNS	The Dragon 's spies poison his hopes and play in his dreams . "
tr	NN	On the other side of campus an ice cream social was going on .
tr	NNS	There were three hotels on top of Nob Hill right on the park .
tr	NNS	Later , Timothy emails Amelia .
tr	NNS	Aurelius was rubbing my belly absently while he listened to the others .
tr	NN	A cute , female ninja stands against the wall next to the door with a foot propped against it .
tr	NN	The canoe turned in that direction ; heading back to land .
tr	NN	The food value does . "
tr	NNS	The true facts of his statement hit her in the gut like a sucker punch .
tr	NNS	Our aunts fought often and so did we .
tr	NN	The mangled torso buried beneath the debris caught them both off guard .
tr	NN	Junior , who had been on his cell phone in the hallway , came into the room .
tr	NN	" The colony on Mars has barely one hundred years before resources become scarce , even with the population controls being put in place . "
tr	NNS	All the Romanov relatives hated Rasputin .
tr	NN	There was a raven perched there .
tr	NNS	The simulator screens went blank and an error message appeared on the front windshield .
tr	NN	Reality was a bit sobering .
tr	NN	A small trickle of water went down my throat , and I shook the can for every last drop .
tr	NN	Gradually my pulse slows and my limbs loosen into rest .
tr	NN	The rock ledge seemed artificially formed , although from a distance it would be impossible to detect that .
tr	NN	With the ribbon removed the velvet proved to be a small pouch with a drawstring at the top .
tr	NN	A whistle cut through the silence , riding gently , lightly , on the air .
tr	NNS	There were cells underneath , but no one was in them . "
tr	NN	Aside from a few trips with the kids to visit relatives , her last real vacation had been with Grant .
tr	NNS	Daniel 's evil accusations , his behavior with Emily , even hitting her cousin in the mouth was eating at him .
tr	NN	This territory is infested .
tr	NN	The rumbling got louder .
tr	NNS	His footsteps were light , measured .
tr	NNS	How can anything delicious hurt .
tr	NNS	Various styles of laser and conventional guns filled a gun rack just outside the range .
tr	NNS	" The letters on a regular keyboard go like this . "
tr	NNS	With his growing popularity as the spokesman for nuclear reform , those seas would easily part for him .
tr	NNS	The contents of my late-night snack spread in a sickening puddle over the concrete .
tr	NNS	My credit cards have the limits of a human peasant .
tr	NNS	A mammoth , hollow tree trunk serves as a hallway of sorts , its moss covered bark glistening in the moonlight .
tr	NNS	Shouts rose from behind him , but they were fading in the distance .
tr	NN	Every lamp and light in the room was on .
tr	NN	Not every werewolf likes shifters . "
tr	NNS	But the car factories moved to the South to get away from the unions .
tr	NNS	All the Warrior fans stood and cheered .
tr	NNS	As he 'd instructed , the servants picked the pebble up and put it in the proper urn .
tr	NNS	" A few drops of blood will do . "
tr	NNS	Huge wolves , they said .
tr	NN	There was a small strip of white sandy beach along the shore .
tr	NN	" Because the burden of proof is on us . "
tr	NNS	Things got ugly when a TV news crew showed up and began filming .
tr	NNS	The monorail tunnels were not continuous enclosures but rather intermittent passes within load-bearing masonry .
tr	NNS	Even though we enjoy the illusion of acting freely , he said , all human actions are in fact predetermined by God .
tr	NN	If the worst case scenario he mentioned came about , the child 's welfare came first .
tr	NN	Again , there was an audience when one of the nurses removed the restraints .
tr	NNS	Romulus smiled weakly at the thought .
tr	NNS	There are some areas that looked promising as cover .
tr	NNS	Before his foot touched the ground , six huge wolves formed a circle around him .
tr	NNS	Apparently Andrew 's drugs were already kicking in , because Andrew 's smile was bright and mocking .
tr	NNS	Hendricks has something clutched in his right fist .
tr	NNS	As he spoke , the brightened letters in the air dissipated , falling apart like sand blown in the wind .
tr	NNS	Your readers , you know ... CM : We can come back to it .
tr	NNS	Things would go to shit pretty quickly after that .
tr	NNS	Delores popped into the midst of our discussion .
tr	NNS	A few drops of rain fell instead and the breeze was picking up .
tr	NNS	" Some fans were heckling Cassie last night at the game .
tr	NN	Part of it fell between the seat and center console of the car he 'd been renting .
tr	NN	More damage to be painted out , thought Toby .
tr	NN	Once the contract ended I returned home and reverted back to my true name " " And why did dad use the word ' impossibility ' ? "
tr	NNS	But my instincts are screaming at me that we 're in danger on more than one front .
tr	NNS	There were areas of vegetation that had the feel of jungles without a jungle floor .
tr	NN	The tsar will be whomever the seventeen representatives of the commission choose .
tr	NN	The accent was Deep South - not a hint of France , and I missed it .
tr	NN	His hands slide up my back and into my hair , working it loose with his fingers until it falls in brown waves across my shoulders .
tr	NNS	Looks are the least important thing in my world .
tr	NN	All the agony you 've caused me is right here , waiting to be avenged , " I said , pointing to my head .
tr	NNS	Images from the nightmare flicked across his memory .
tr	NN	The bullet lodged in his shoulder .
tr	NN	The paint was wet .
tr	NNS	Myles was pretty sure , at this point , that Rex was staying the night .
tr	NNS	His forearms , resting on the top railing of the enclosure , were tanned and muscular , suggesting he lived an outdoors life .
tr	NNS	Most stores are closed and people stay home and do final decorations .
tr	NN	A download of expectation charged the circle of family and friends .
tr	NNS	Others were trying to help people who were hurt in accidents .
tr	NN	At that , a huge roar went up , and suddenly vampires were clapping each other on the back and cheering .
tr	NNS	The footsteps hit the landing on my floor , made two more steps , then stopped .
tr	NNS	The drones angled down and flew straight at us like square bullets .
tr	NN	A flashlight led him toward the cabin through a night as black as he 'd ever seen .
tr	NNS	Both pillows are on the floor , and one hand is resting on the nightstand where it has knocked over the alarm clock .
tr	NNS	Alexis scanned the faces as she walked to the defendant 's table .
tr	NNS	The signs were all there .
tr	NN	" Not a whistle like yours , though that is a very fine one .
tr	NNS	Simply out of basic need , all creatures figure out their own technique .
tr	NNS	The frozen dinners she 'd brought with her were melting .
tr	NNS	After all , these deaths hardly seemed to be the work of a random killer , striking where he could find a woman alone .
tr	NNS	A heavy iron grate was secured with a key lock , the cell 's bars rusted from age but impenetrable .
tr	NN	A quick , hard jab to the ribs would double him over , giving them time to get away .
tr	NNS	Kids and their parents were running around everywhere .
tr	NNS	There were millions of voices inside it , animal kills , and those that weren 't her own .
tr	NNS	The rats went mad and the cages boiled with frantic activity as she slumped to the ground .
tr	NNS	Things got quiet for a few seconds .
tr	NNS	The lies are slipping so easily from my mouth .
tr	NN	The bullet had passed through ; he had no face .
tr	NNS	Things change when the set is dark . "
tr	NNS	From a great enough distance , discrete objects looked continuous .
tr	NNS	Certain pairs of letters simply do not exist in English , such as dx , while some almost always appear together , such as qu .
tr	NN	Ghost shuddered , and his face wrinkled in horror .
tr	NN	The tablet itself was armored .
tr	NNS	Our ancestors were wise men and decided to hide us in the best possible ways .
tr	NN	His escort inserted a key into a chrome panel , and when the sole button began to blink , pushed it .
tr	NN	Another loud crash of thunder resounds as the sky is filled with purple streaks of lightening .
tr	NNS	Perhaps these paintings had come alive but were hiding their true nature from her ?
tr	NNS	My grandparents are keeping them for a couple of days .
tr	NN	Unlike trains , those cable rails require no switchbacks .
tr	NN	Part of him hurt for the guy while another part of him felt Dane deserved the treatment he was getting .
tr	NNS	There were even spots of blood marring the dark wood floors , and scratch ticket machine in the corner .
tr	NNS	Slowly , his thumbs brushed over the peaks .
tr	NN	The gleam in his eyes was vicious .
tr	NN	There is no malice between you and me .
tr	NNS	The images of violent brutality and death disappeared as quickly as they 'd appeared .
tr	NNS	When they cut me open , the fluids will run downhill to collection points at its base .
tr	NN	The pub went silent .
tr	NN	That missing ingredient , it would turn out , was love .
tr	NN	The cable continued on into it .
tr	NNS	Loud yells and gun shots , could hear a heavy vehicle and didn 't want to be mistaken for the dead .
tr	NNS	My movements cause June to stir .
tr	NN	" A dollar , ten , " the driver said .
tr	NN	There was the scratch of a match , and a lamp was lit .
tr	NN	My chip is the advanced kind , which learns , the more it hears of a new language .
tr	NN	The black van was still in his driveway , probably waiting for Sanders to finish .
tr	NNS	In the middle of the crowd , four lanky figures sat with their hands cuffed behind their backs .
tr	NN	The policeman 's posture was absurd ; she wanted to laugh .
tr	NN	" My laptop 's in surgery with Macho Mitch again . "
tr	NN	' You know best , I 'm sure , being educated , ' said the raven .
tr	NN	Helen 's blush intensified and she laughed nervously .
tr	NN	And then poof , like a smoke and mirrors trick , Howard appeared at the far end of the room .
tr	NN	The dinner reunion came first .
tr	NNS	Things like time , and names , and complicated emotions are all out of the question .
tr	NN	The monument was nearly empty , a couple of joggers making the rounds and a few stray early morning walkers .
tr	NN	The chairman turned his attention back to Lara .
tr	NNS	The carriage house was empty , the pillows on the sofa bed tidy again .
tr	NN	One player had opted out , and a woman had taken his place .
tr	NNS	But then footsteps sounded behind them , this time for real .
tr	NN	Love resisted saying what sprang to mind .
tr	NN	The angel still glared at me .
tr	NNS	The high-speed trains were a thing of the past .
tr	NN	The tip pierced his side , right below his rib cage , and his lips tightened with pain .
tr	NNS	" Our spies predict the Queen 's movements .
tr	NNS	Too bad the cookies wouldn 't last nearly that long .
tr	NNS	He was connecting to it and the secret knowledge those Buddha images remain mysterious enough to maintain his interest .
tr	NN	A sudden tremor shook Sarah from the base of her spine to the nape of her neck .
tr	NN	A half-smile curved his beautiful mouth and made her stomach flutter .
tr	NNS	Looks like he 's made his way back into the top twenty . "
tr	NN	The newcomer looked even graver than when he 'd first burst in .
tr	NN	A challenge from the guards wouldn 't be the best start .
tr	NNS	" Things like this have happened before and I always manage to out \ smart them . "
tr	NNS	His boldness didn 't surprise me anymore , but his words thrilled me even though I knew they shouldn 't .
tr	NNS	The dresses , though gorgeous , were all simply too much .
tr	NN	" No I can 't , the rope is way too weak . "
tr	NN	Love had nothing to do with it . "
tr	NN	Another traitorous sob rises up my throat .
tr	NNS	Worry masks his face and his dark hair is all over the place , a stress tick .
tr	NNS	Little trails cut from place to place .
tr	NNS	Things were definitely off schedule .
tr	NN	A muffled crash followed , then a desperate scream .
tr	NNS	" Things became ... " Gregor hesitated , " uncomfortable for a while .
tr	NNS	Everywhere , the creatures moved and shifted around them .
tr	NNS	Drugs that killed humans .
tr	NNS	Ironically enough , the missed shots were the very thing that saved Garcia from Perez 's men .
tr	NN	This ranch had been Cliff 's lifelong dream .
tr	NN	" What 's our status ? "
tr	NNS	Looks like half the town is coming out to see what 's going on . "
tr	NNS	" Your grandparents use their money as a weapon .
tr	NN	The local sheriff thinks I 'm being neurotic , and he sure won 't lift a finger to help me . "
tr	NNS	There were members sparring , hitting the sandbags , or the speed bags .
tr	NNS	Those targets aren 't easy to hit , but if you get good , you can pick up 50 tickets per turn without much trouble .
tr	NNS	Your television programs and your movies had us completely perplexed for some time .
tr	NNS	Others whispered the words " werewolf " and " beast " and squinted their eyes at Abelard .
tr	NNS	" Your kisses are famous ? "
tr	NNS	The only dresses she liked did not fit into her budget at all .
tr	NN	What is the ruling ?
tr	NNS	The gnomes who come here speak of fondness for their friends and desire to protect them from harm , or academic interest , or perhaps greed .
tr	NNS	Questions congealed into confusion .
tr	NNS	More apples rested in a large pile at his feet .
tr	NNS	As the pace slowed and Marie 's body parts dwindled , strands returned to supportive positions and the chair began to return to its original shape .
tr	NNS	Inside the apartment , the floors were polished marble .
tr	NN	" How 's that map working out ? "
tr	NNS	Slender spires of pale grey stone rose vertically from the sheer face of the mountain .
tr	NN	She zeroed in on a cheetah that was stretched out on its side , its long , thick tail curled behind it .
tr	NNS	The silver berries were cold on her tongue and their juice was refreshing .
tr	NN	Admitting defeat as the phantom 's engines began to clang .
tr	NNS	The security cameras died .
tr	NN	Before she could even knock , the panel on the door slid open , revealing those familiar bright blue eyes .
tr	NNS	His mental sirens blared .
tr	NNS	Alexis look fiercely at the Shadows .
tr	NN	A small gas lantern flickered above the sign .
tr	NN	And there was my beacon , limping along in the back of the column .
tr	NN	There is no electricity to run the house well pump , but the windmill works just fine , so there is no shortage of water .
tr	NNS	My cousins fell back to sleep pretty quickly , but I couldn 't seem to go back to sleep .
tr	NNS	Things that violate the laws of the universe .
tr	NNS	His or her sets weren 't high enough , hits weren 't good enough .
tr	NN	As he entered the grounds just outside of a sleepy Colorado town the fresh and well-manicured gravel crunched under his truck wheels .
tr	NNS	Doctors , nurses , even older patients were piling out of doors and windows .
tr	NN	There was chaos in the ballroom and three snipers were shooting into the crowd .
tr	NNS	My heart races as I stare back at him .
tr	NNS	Invisible strands of attraction had been pulling them together from the first , and the web was almost complete .
tr	NN	The balcony was empty too .
tr	NNS	But before she knew it , the jotted letters formed a series of words .
tr	NN	The thrill and the challenge top my list .
tr	NN	The one thing Jase could always depend on with Luis was food and nutrition .
tr	NNS	No travelers had come down the road in days .
tr	NNS	The opening bars of " Over the Rainbow " played .
tr	NN	I pick up her hand and hold it , my rough thumb stroking hers .
tr	NN	It showed a ring of mountains sheltering a vast plateau , the true geothermal heart of Yellowstone .
tr	NN	The archway appeared out of place between the large stone walls , as though it should hold a gate .
tr	NN	The werewolf reared his head back and laughed .
tr	NN	Any museum would be proud to display them . "
tr	NNS	A million other factors could lead to the discovery of his intrusion .
tr	NNS	In October , our night temperatures drop down into the forties pretty often , but the day temperatures can march right back up into the eighties .
tr	NN	If it had existed , the first race itself had since vanished .
tr	NNS	" What are the risks if we use one that 's still licensed ? "
tr	NNS	" Those coyotes out front limited our options . "
tr	NN	The association was to be casual .
tr	NN	Love raised his hand and wiped it back and forth on his chin .
tr	NNS	Of course , her apartment was most likely turned back over to the landlord by now , her belongings sold to make up for lost rent .
tr	NN	The dog 's heavy tail wagged affectionately as he greeted her .
tr	NN	But the first male caller I had was Bubba .
tr	NNS	The searing emptiness of the labyrinth reflected the emptiness of my mind .
tr	NNS	" All persons report to headquarters . "
tr	NN	Lust was looking at her straight in the face .
tr	NNS	As if by magic , as soon as she approached , two seats opened up at the end of the packed bar .
tr	NN	As Haley followed him toward the stairs , a tiny feminine thrill flowed through her at the knowledge that he was that attracted to her .
tr	NNS	Several expressions -- annoyance , surprise , shame , and more than a touch of fear -- crawled across Brazel 's face all at once .
tr	NN	The railroad baron had gone crazy , murdered several of the fencers , and escaped to South America .
tr	NNS	Frightening colors spattered with insidious meaning .
tr	NN	" At least one improvement in the re-creation , though , I see . "
tr	NNS	" My apologies , " she said , bowing her head .
tr	NN	The general consensus was food first , so we hit the concessions .
tr	NN	The chanting increased in volume and rhythm as the Master stepped up to the dais .
tr	NN	An inelegant snort was his only response .
tr	NNS	The facts and stories became more precious , for they were a link to her .
tr	NNS	They said , " We 've been driving from town to town , there are no signs of military vehicles or the army . "
tr	NNS	The Jets and Tanks sat on opposite sides of the table .
tr	NNS	David 's buddies both looked at him as if hoping he 'd tell them they were wrong .
tr	NN	A trickle of blood leaked from its mouth , mixing in with the moonshine vodka staining it pink .
tr	NN	The slide changes and it 's filled with text and no pictures .
tr	NN	" I ' l listen . "
tr	NNS	The berries are hard and deadly in my hand .
tr	NN	The pond was empty .
tr	NNS	Things had changed between us .
tr	NNS	The spikes slip back into the ground , one by one until they 've all disappeared .
tr	NNS	My teachings were my one true vocation ; they provided me with a sound definition , a sense of worth .
tr	NNS	But when he moved his hand against her back and she pressed herself closer , his movements grew more determined .
tr	NN	Her breathless vow echoed along with their pounding footsteps and thumping clods of dirt .
tr	NN	" ' T is a sin for a woman to bare her arms in public .
tr	NN	' Heinrich , ' Love said again .
tr	NN	" Madam Secretary , ladies and gentlemen , " the admiral began .
tr	NN	Hurt him and you 're toast , her body language said .
tr	NNS	All her efforts had led her to this morning when she had stood on the scales and seen the smallest number she had ever seen .
tr	NNS	Her handling skills were amazing .
tr	NN	According to the morning paper , the market had chosen not to react to the jury 's composition .
tr	NNS	" Animals that survived by living beneath the ground , deep in the soil .
tr	NNS	Then the markings on the tablet began to glow .
tr	NN	There was a taint of ... evil coursing through his veins .
tr	NNS	Somehow Dan ' r 's best efforts were just making the boy more depressed .
tr	NN	The newborn 's skeleton had been fairly large , with no obvious signs of malnutrition that might indicate a famine , which might warrant such depraved hunger .
tr	NNS	Things didn 't get much better for ' Comedy Colin ' after that .
tr	NN	The old army combat fatigues he wore smelled of gasoline and oil .
tr	NN	Suddenly , there was a loud rap on the door , and startled , we all looked at it .
tr	NNS	What are the chances ?
tr	NNS	Do all shapeshifters have a high metabolism ?
tr	NNS	My jaw drops and my head snaps in the direction of the police car .
tr	NNS	The edges of the patterns were dark , as if their intentions were not good natured .
tr	NN	But as time passed , the compulsion to fulfill his vow would increase until he could think of nothing else .
tr	NNS	Even the high-powered streetlights cast only a dim glow on wet , shiny streets .
tr	NNS	Twenty or so warriors accompanied the lords and carried banners .
tr	NNS	Girls held grudges for every scratch .
tr	NN	Her mocha , presumably , although she wasn 't putting much faith in a decent brew , not with the scowl he was giving her .
tr	NN	And in spite of all my protests , a widening swath of destruction swung in a wide arc all around me .
tr	NN	The rumbling of her stomach stopped , too .
tr	NN	The van 's barely functioning breaking system responded slowly , causing him to overshoot the driveway and making him back up .
tr	NN	Even the mayor is coming ! "
tr	NN	The surprised exclamation from Cale drew Alex away from her thoughts .
tr	NNS	Hopefully the receipts from last night were still handy .
tr	NNS	Their chances of saving Rachael and the children diminished greatly every time they were delayed .
tr	NNS	Her cells were crying out for sustenance , for replenishment after her sleep , after the battle , after using such energy .
tr	NNS	The red letters are there when I close my eyes , sending my pulse into panic mode .
tr	NN	" Nobody 's laughing at you , " the teacher declared unexpectedly .
tr	NNS	But werewolves , on the other hand , offer so much more .
tr	NN	Part of me was dreading it , imagining how torn up she must be .
tr	NN	If I couldn 't get to a vampire , a serial murderer was a fitting substitute .
tr	NNS	The cells multiply during the gestation . ' "
tr	NNS	But still no signs of flying dragons .
tr	NNS	" The scans came back revealing only negligible contusions -- nothing to fear .
tr	NN	Seeing him standing there , the receptionist greeted him , " Welcome to New Gem , New genes , New Gem ! "
tr	NNS	The effects of the ether will dissipate with them quicker .
tr	NNS	Their footsteps were the only sound , save the occasional clinking of armor .
tr	NN	The fellow grinned and shrugged as he nodded toward the door to the bathrooms .
tr	NN	The therapist explained everything to us : She hasn 't lived a normal life .
tr	NN	There was a dark lust there , a glimpse of a stark , raw hunger that made her shiver in anticipation .
tr	NNS	Will wonders never cease ? "
tr	NNS	Things build up ; people have long memories .
tr	NNS	There were a half-dozen exits .
tr	NNS	But those responsibilities were ones she had sought out , so she did not dread returning .
tr	NNS	Even with the large anonymous donation , ticket sales had only been so-so .
tr	NNS	With control panels , hanging gear , and packed pallets , there were thousands of possibilities .
tr	NN	The brunette finally followed her friend to the bar .
tr	NN	Besides success has its own inertia , and the public would accept information on the project from no one but Hallam .
tr	NNS	A soft mattress swallowed her up , and without thinking , she pulled at Sebastian to join her .
tr	NNS	The back door slams and Andy drifts out onto the pool deck , beaming .
tr	NNS	Instantly , the members of the family all began to speak at once .
tr	NN	The amazed sergeant and guard stood to one side and saluted once again as the little band passed by .
tr	NN	Truth be told , the angel was way hotter than Mauricio .
tr	NN	Lust pulsed between them , tinted with feminine need .
tr	NNS	There were sleeping quarters for the men who lived there , five scientists and three computer techs .
tr	NNS	" Well , sirens were powerful beings , Ellie .
tr	NNS	Shouts of terror come from behind the fiery curtain .
tr	NN	" Well , aye , ' t is sometimes .
tr	NN	" Message for Captain Solis , " a runner stood outside our tent .
tr	NN	" Please ... my uncle never told them .
tr	NNS	Valerius nodded slowly and raised his voice .
tr	NN	" Our goal is to change these circumstances , and so save the world . "
tr	NNS	" There are no guarantees , but I 'd say there 's a good chance .
tr	NN	Her h * ps lifted to meet his next thrust , sending him deeper .
tr	NNS	The suffering passengers were able to keep their meals down , though .
tr	NNS	Things were going so good for us .
tr	NN	" Go , " the redhead said .
tr	NNS	Hands grab me roughly from all sides .
tr	NNS	Before we 've gone too far , Bugs emerge to tail us discreetly .
tr	NN	" You 're gaining an understanding of your surroundings , " the sage observed .
tr	NN	Lilly 's giggle carried down the hall .
tr	NN	Cale paused then , his body filling hers .
tr	NN	" No contract on file ? "
tr	NN	A tremor crossed its features , a subtle alteration of the vapid face .
tr	NNS	" Your Highness , " Alaric murmured as he came to a stop in front of the older man .
tr	NN	" Part of a kit that Doc gave me .
tr	NN	And the kitten , the kitten had run from Damon .
tr	NNS	The dark wood floors matched the chairs , and the exposed brick wall gave the place a warm feeling .
tr	NN	A vortex of tearing force touched down , hit the brackish mire and suddenly all was a column of turbulent water , beaten white by the tornado .
tr	NNS	The signs were not good .
tr	NNS	There are open food containers on the coffee table , a basket of dirty clothes beside the sofa -- the room is very messy .
tr	NNS	Others were behind them , either skirting around the farm or walking directly through the farmyard .
tr	NN	The other maid , Nellie , had a problem at first .
tr	NN	We ' l see you soon . "
tr	NN	" I bet with Van , her hunger is impatient , adrenaline driven .
tr	NNS	The cubicles were all immaculate and smelled of pine disinfectant .
tr	NNS	" What are the flags for ? "
tr	NNS	Our two targets were still furiously attempting to cast spells but nothing was happening .
tr	NN	A sluggish , ultra-violet dawn loomed over the cave entrance while Kate crawled through .
tr	NNS	His sobs came from deep within his soul .
tr	NN	She should hurt , this short-lived mortal , a representative of a race he abhorred .
tr	NN	THE hypnotherapy session had begun .
tr	NNS	" The ladies will be here in two hours .
tr	NNS	Lots of pencil stains from scribbling and erasing ideas for Stranger Danger stuff .
tr	NNS	There weren 't many couples seeking the enjoyment of a Times Square outing .
tr	NN	The helper left immediately and returned before dawn the following morning , worn to the brink of collapse from running .
tr	NNS	The countess waved a sparkling hand .
tr	NNS	The twins are working on it .
tr	NN	My loyalty is to her , always ; and it 's her you need to convince . "
tr	NN	In more recent history , a bypass took commerce away from the town , but that also seems to have preserved some of its heritage .
tr	NN	The spectrum includes fear . "
tr	NNS	Odysseus is struggling with a monstrous and wicked foe , but he is not exactly thought of as struggling with the powers of darkness .
tr	NN	The snake was most likely in a sack when it was tossed through .
tr	NN	Her goal was to become a partner in Harper Investigations .
tr	NN	The dragon and Red Paw flew , and the cold air felt good against his cheeks .
tr	NN	Feral Undead roamed the land , pacing , searching for food like animals .
tr	NNS	There were murmurs of greeting all around , and Thibault stepped forward , wringing his hands nervously .
tr	NN	A panel slid back in the door , and two eyes peered out .
tr	NN	As soon as Jayden lays eyes on Nicole 's father , his personality changes .
tr	NNS	Ram 's horns scraped along the ceiling despite the way he had lowered his head toward Lucia as if considering her for a meal .
tr	NNS	Erebus actually hesitated before he took the package from her hand .
tr	NNS	With some degree of effort , the two black clad figures climbed back out from beneath the craft and stood silently next to the wing .
tr	NN	A vampire 's one weakness has always been magic .
tr	NN	Terror filled her as she realized the darkness was going to win , and she knew it was a darkness she would never wake from .
tr	NNS	The Hudson siblings practically had an entire SWAT team around the park to guard their wives .
tr	NNS	Chills rippled down her chest and arms , even her back .
tr	NNS	The duchess , who has gone pale at this news , visibly gathers herself .
tr	NN	Butch 's mother-in-law cried .
tr	NNS	Soldiers had sealed the town , cut the power supply and started the killings .
tr	NN	The mass wriggled and writhed in the grip of the magic but slowly began to solidify .
tr	NN	" What is a sage ? "
tr	NN	His aura announced him as a ghoul , though he looked nothing like Hollywood 's interpretation of one .
tr	NN	A low , long whistle crossed the line .
tr	NNS	Her sobs became more intense at her weakness .
tr	NN	If some of those she sought to protect were still alive , then her own sacrifice and death could still mean something .
tr	NN	The scanning had blurred the font somewhat but it was still legible .
tr	NNS	There 's something inexplicable in his tone , a taste of something forthcoming , something as true as a promise .
tr	NNS	Vast sapphire bows lined the bodice as well , drawing attention to the low cut neckline .
tr	NNS	The two detectives use my second of stunned silence to move past me .
tr	NN	Any imbecile can tell you it 's a rigid airship . "
tr	NNS	The rats looked at it .
tr	NN	Why couldn 't a pit just open underneath her so she could get out of it already ?
tr	NNS	No tiny bits of me love him still .
tr	NN	His accomplice held my arms behind my back . '
tr	NNS	The members of the board glanced at one another .
tr	NN	" The altar can consist of almost anything , from a stump to a person , depending upon the worshipper and their beliefs .
tr	NNS	The many witnesses all claimed that the driver simply got out and ran off from the stolen vehicle .
tr	NNS	The hills were again filling with tents and the town was again bursting .
tr	NNS	Girls were play things , trophies , something to show off and party with .
tr	NN	Hell , for that matter there is still enough unexplored territory right here on Lovelady to breed tales .
tr	NN	" But then another miracle happened .
tr	NNS	Things are becoming clearer . '
tr	NNS	The emergency alert sirens were unending .
tr	NN	Well , the bastard probably saved my life . "
tr	NNS	Animals simply fill a need . "
tr	NNS	His shots are successful but it doesn 't matter .
tr	NN	Any port would do , at this point . "
tr	NN	The creation is in exile , named and nameless alike .
tr	NNS	Images from what happened assaulted me .
tr	NNS	The chemical experiments on her body were giving her an acute awareness of her bodily functions , and that awareness told her she needed chemical readjustment .
tr	NN	" A celebration , " I say , and then kiss him again simply because I have to .
tr	NNS	As per the CSA code of conduct , your team members would have had to find a way to rescue you .
tr	NNS	From this angle his nostrils appeared cavernous .
tr	NNS	Warm , tender kisses with longing invested in them .
tr	NNS	There are many queer creatures that abound in this world which are good and pure .
tr	NN	The gas was affecting him .
tr	NNS	My footsteps echoed violently in the empty rooms .
tr	NNS	There were tens of thousands of casualties . "
tr	NNS	The authorities became worried as this type of song became more prevalent .
tr	NNS	Things I wished he 'd done for me .
tr	NN	No matter what was planned , the mountain would probably crush them first .
tr	NNS	There are millions of souls lost in systems of pain and grief and meaningless attachment .
tr	NNS	" My apologies love .
tr	NNS	Her vibes were serene , which irritated me all the more .
tr	NN	However , the majority partner is a Canadian company based in Calgary , and this company owns two of the five largest gold mines in North America .
tr	NNS	Our main dinners of choice are pizza and Chinese food .
tr	NNS	His defenses are up now , just like yours were .
tr	NNS	The rough edges of cardboard boxes felt the same , the pinewood boards of the floor were as smooth and cool as always .
tr	NNS	" The consequences of doing bad only applied while one was alive .
tr	NNS	More than just fraternal twins , he and Jacob had been extensions of each other .
tr	NN	" The illusion comes as much from me as from you -- but you alone are the one who must sustain it .
tr	NN	" Your birthday wasn 't in September .
tr	NNS	Girls were weird that way .
tr	NN	Your arrival at our door was a dark omen that has brought nothing but grief .
tr	NN	Where has that idiot gone ?
tr	NN	The trick is to get them out without them figuring out who took 'em .
tr	NN	His clothing was casual enough but it was the way he wore it that threw her off .
tr	NN	" Whipped cream is a terrible thing to waste .
tr	NNS	Like the well-organized team they had become since they first met , the travelers prepared the airplane for flight .
tr	NN	The redhead rounded Simon 's back , set a chipped and mismatched tea service atop the mess on the table , and began to pour .
tr	NNS	Wings sprouted from the man 's back and he shook them out , testing each side with a quick flap before retracting them .
tr	NNS	Credit cards never worked except in the movies .
tr	NNS	Things just keep getting worse , too .
tr	NNS	Her cheekbones stood out under her skin .
tr	NN	When they approached the second downed Cane , the captain waved a hand at them .
tr	NNS	The wolves behind us dropped to the ground to shift .
tr	NNS	A few flakes landed on her coat sleeve .
tr	NN	He spun around wildly , his posture hunched and his revolver up .
tr	NNS	Their bearings were equally striking .
tr	NN	" What the fuck is that t ' you ? "
tr	NN	A devilish glint filled her green eyes .
tr	NNS	The kitchen cabinets were still open from where I 'd hunted through them for food .
tr	NN	An angry purple bruise lay on her arm .
tr	NNS	The punches began in earnest , Bellamy with a powerful , straight fist , Cameron moving under his guard and getting in a quick jab .
tr	NN	There was a tremble in her breath .
tr	NN	Her grandmother , who had not visited her for some time , stood by her bed looking down at her , saying nothing .
tr	NN	The same guilt and shame she sometimes saw in his eyes now dripped from his tone .
tr	NN	Resistance , like breathing steadily , was almost impossible .
tr	NNS	The chiffon ruffles , the beading and Swarovski crystals , the little skirts - " " Little skirts ? "
tr	NNS	The dampness had seeped into the room making it an ice box .
tr	NN	Her lack of attention had brought her secret to his attention .
tr	NN	Luckily , my vulnerable belly was safe against Maman 's .
tr	NNS	" What are the chances of you surrendering to me ? "
tr	NNS	Because that guy demands observation . "
tr	NNS	" Things will get easier as time goes by . "
tr	NN	A traveler would definitely notice something like that .
tr	NNS	Harvey 's drugs had proved just how vulnerable she was .
tr	NNS	the other fairies shouted darting around the shoulders of the children in weaving patterns .
tr	NNS	Usually employers liked hiring ex-servicemen .
tr	NNS	The wolves leapt forward to attack .
tr	NN	The tremor chipped away .
tr	NN	The elf 's visage was vibrant .
tr	NNS	Unsurprisingly , the leads were nowhere to be seen .
tr	NN	The spider moved in reply , reaching out with a tiny front leg as to answer the question .
tr	NNS	Things weren 't really what they seemed .
tr	NN	Now , five years after God 's death , the sentiment sounded absurd .
tr	NN	" Another agent got a reading concerning this target ? "
tr	NNS	Being the only female , her nostrils could barely withstand the smell of sweaty men around her .
tr	NNS	Perhaps my ancestors dressed just like this ! "
tr	NN	Her womb clenched on the verge of orgasm .
tr	NNS	Others have done it . "
tr	NN	There was a stir in the crowd as Moist crossed the street .
tr	NNS	His other kisses had been gentle , soft , tentative almost .
tr	NN	A black mountain was rising from the sea of death sucking the souls of the earth in the depth of sin .
tr	NN	When we emerged from the elevator , the receptionist met us at the door and led us down a corridor .
tr	NN	Then his elation fades and unexpectedly he 's leaning toward me .
tr	NN	The roar of the engine , the blaring sirens , and Kade 's sweet voice all seemed to echo in my ears .
tr	NN	The arrival of the first train of the day interrupted his concentration , and he took the occasion to have another cup of coffee .
tr	NNS	The other two swarms fell on it moments later .
tr	NNS	Lots of people don 't understand why I love Marilyn 's movies -- saying that all she ever did was play the dumb blonde .
tr	NNS	The footsteps materialized into the form a large man , who nearly filled the doorway he stepped into .
tr	NNS	The insects in the wetlands echo the sounds back to us , imperfect , but mimicked , as if they recognize the gravitas of this moment .
tr	NNS	Others ask why a ghost would sing that , even if it is the official state song of Kansas .
tr	NN	The sympathy and kindness are something we blood souls can never have enough of . "
tr	NN	In Elise 's view , divorce didn 't mean anything except gut-wrenching emotional agony .
tr	NN	Antonia 's theory didn 't have a mechanism for measuring the extent of evil .
tr	NNS	Her work colleagues were waiting for her there .
tr	NN	A sheen of sweat glistened across her forehead , and strands of hair clung to her dampened face .
tr	NN	The reflected firelight clustered like sparks in his hair .
tr	NN	There 's a limit to what you can do . "
tr	NNS	Things started to spin inside Hex .
tr	NN	After that , his outlook soured into one of bitterness and anger .
tr	NN	The warrior chose Ambrose as the more dangerous , and aimed his lance directly at him .
tr	NNS	" At ease , ladies , " the general ordered .
tr	NN	Beyond the Pit there was very little damage .
tr	NNS	No worries , " Mary said .
tr	NNS	Plans don 't always work out as we hoped .
tr	NNS	In it were gold coins , a lot of gold coins , in fact enough to last me a lifetime .
tr	NNS	Maks heard the skull crack .
tr	NN	A blush warmed her cheeks even though red wasn 't anywhere near the top of her favorite color list .
tr	NN	Thinking of Haworth suddenly troubled him .
tr	NNS	' If I can work out who the bloody authorities are . '
tr	NNS	His movements were wooden and poorly coordinated .
tr	NNS	Now , the detectives were looking at her for information she couldn 't provide .
tr	NNS	Luckily , the winds had died down and the snow was letting up .
tr	NN	The soup proved to be a flavorful lentil , and each spoonful tasted like heaven .
tr	NNS	Two attendants , a man and a woman dressed in bright colored medical uniforms waited with a wheelchair .
tr	NN	' You baited him , ' Love said .
tr	NN	A thrill spun its way through her veins .
tr	NN	There was a castle behind it .
tr	NNS	These other time travelers zip around and change stuff all the time .
tr	NNS	Also along the edges was the Seattle immortal club : Hugh , Cody , Peter , Carter , and even Mei .
tr	NN	" Has the sheriff come by to talk to you ? "
tr	NN	The newcomer leaned over , putting his hands on the desk to support his weight .
tr	NNS	The sails disappear below the horizon , and then finally even the last glimpse is lost to us .
tr	NN	the redhead asked in a control ed but furious voice .
tr	NN	The video capture of the collapsing of the wall panels seemed to confirm that assumption .
tr	NN	The rope was too thick and strong to chew through .
tr	NNS	His hopes of survival increased a fraction .
tr	NNS	The fireplace crackles and a log breaks , sending a spray of sparks up the chimney .
tr	NNS	His companions in the Brotherhood stood as he entered the hideout 's inner sanctum .
tr	NN	The goddess didn 't face him when he reached her , but traced a fingertip along a thin , jagged groove in the middle stone .
tr	NNS	Then the ripples rose back to the surface , bringing the bullet on top of them .
tr	NNS	The deaths in the church had enraged the African-American people of Shakespeare .
tr	NNS	Images of the conversation she had when Callie first entered their lives , played across her mind like a bad movie .
tr	NN	Remember , pretty much the whole audience was Scout troops .
tr	NN	The press should have buckled , the roller should have cleaved unto the platen ... That was bad .
tr	NN	" A hat trick is when one player scores three goals in a game .
tr	NNS	Turan himself must have known from the moment those gates opened that he was doomed .
tr	NN	The shield pushed against him , crackling with a fierce fire .
tr	NNS	The macaroni swelled and was sauced and eaten .
tr	NNS	What are the chances of our meeting ? "
tr	NN	Hank and Carla 's parrot screeched .
tr	NN	And the mayor didn 't have sufficient motivation -- did she ?
tr	NNS	The two crew members disappeared into the dark .
tr	NN	This bitch is one of the Ord - " " I know who she is , " snapped the woman .
tr	NNS	Huge tentacles reached for them .
tr	NNS	Their deaths flashed onto the surface of her mind .
tr	NN	Cyrillic lettering scrolled across the bottom of the screen .
tr	NNS	The accommodations are sparse and decorations nearly non-existent .
tr	NN	A grimace shot across his face .
tr	NNS	Summer 's eyelids fluttered but didn 't open .
tr	NN	And of course , guilt would follow if you felt you failed in any way . "
tr	NNS	There were long rows of chairs facing a stage .
tr	NNS	Local authorities are investigating as we speak . "
tr	NNS	Several items had flown off the desk and were lying on the floor .
tr	NN	" Dat " s good , sir , " said the troll .
tr	NNS	" Things are much simpler on our island . "
tr	NNS	More zombies were trudging up the hill , enticed by Abraham 's struggle to survive .
tr	NNS	As the book ignited , odd and unusual colors streamed from the pages .
tr	NN	The first exam I 'll ever get top marks on is ' Armageddon -- 101 ! '
tr	NNS	Lives were at stake .
tr	NN	Already hunger had taken hold of both of them .
tr	NNS	The three remaining scanned the area while swinging their guns frantically around while Alita just stood there .
tr	NNS	Things had been going great for Nate ever since he had befriended the creature .
tr	NNS	Both our apartments are crawling with paparazzi .
tr	NN	The cellar swam before his eyes .
tr	NN	The tray was full of blood .
tr	NN	Every penny went to the home for my father 's care .
tr	NNS	Tim stood for self-preservation in this world , never took risks that could put him or the ones he loved in danger .
tr	NN	However she twisted it around her brain , the writing was on the wall .
tr	NN	" The entire Empire will be looking for me ; they will find me , and you will die slowly and in excruciating pain for holding me .
tr	NNS	His footsteps took him , almost without his being aware , along the gently winding path up the mountain .
tr	NNS	The figures were large .
tr	NNS	And the contents of these star bal s were so abominable that Damon 's stony exterior final y cracked .
tr	NN	Were the other patients attacking him ?
tr	NNS	There are thousands of cameras in town , but most of them are indoors .
tr	NN	The swarthy leader of the support team strode up to Painter .
tr	NN	Love didn 't hear him .
tr	NNS	Would the gorillas pay attention at all ?
tr	NN	The proof of just how deadly it was lay on the ground behind them , leaking black blood .
tr	NNS	Even knowing that it wasn 't his choice , would never have been his choice , his kisses still elated her .
tr	NN	Her disregard for safety is ridiculous ! "
tr	NN	Love knew she always wore hold-ups , never tights or stockings , always hold-ups .
tr	NNS	My own fears stopped my ability to create . "
tr	NNS	There were no guarantees .
tr	NNS	A few days later , the visitors all departed .
tr	NN	The April sunshine was mellow and the air fresh , but George took no notice .
tr	NN	I unwrapped it and discovered in was a salt bagel , my favorite kind .
tr	NNS	Dark creatures that I don 't understand , nor do I wish to understand .
tr	NNS	My heart jolts and my stomach flips .
tr	NN	The castle may be large , but it 's sadly in need of repair . "
tr	NNS	Soldiers , police , bankers , judges , all of them targeted by bombs or ambushed by snipers .
tr	NNS	The images were clear - usually solid information about real things in real time .
tr	NNS	There 's more than a hundred known cases .
tr	NNS	Cassius walked toward the well and reached into the air .
tr	NNS	Across from him the drops kept crashing down in a torrent , filling the box with a leaping mist that covered him .
tr	NN	" Persistent fellow , isn 't he ? "
tr	NNS	Even the insects held their breath .
tr	NNS	Erebus would want blood from the man who tried to take Meg , who touched Meg .
tr	NNS	His two passengers hang on tightly , as the pilot pushes the small plane to its limits , trying to comply with the demand .
tr	NNS	" Those aliens are weird , right ?
tr	NN	Every stairwell , every dining room , every bedroom and every corridor has been a battlefield .
tr	NNS	the countess shouted after them as the coach pulled away .
tr	NNS	No more than a brief moment , and then the strain dulling her eyes cleared , the tightness pulling down her lips eased .
tr	NN	" The equipment shed ? "
tr	NNS	" The hostages are the only thing keeping them out right now . "
tr	NNS	" Things are just fine .
tr	NNS	" And the light switches were not alone .
tr	NN	" Ok , " she said slowly , hurt evident in her voice .
tr	NNS	Immortals could certainly take personal vacations , but clearly , there was more to this .
tr	NN	The biggest thrill for him was , just before they went to bed , and he got a chance to see them undress with the lights on .
tr	NN	How is your bruise , by the way ? "
tr	NN	He slowly , deliciously removed his hand from her heaving chest , running a thumb across her hardened nipple as he did .
tr	NN	Unsure how to take it , Jazz didn 't push things .
tr	NN	In that way , the General 's reputation grows even though leadership changes . "
tr	NN	My ma had put the egg into the pan and I could see her mind wasn 't in her cooking .
tr	NNS	His inhibitions have drowned with the last glass ; his heart and cloudy mind race in their stead .
tr	NN	There was a certain route through the forest which was narrow and winding .
tr	NNS	Moses just looked at him quizzically .
tr	NNS	Thoughts were clearly racing through his mind as he methodical y checked off each scenario , each possible explanation , and then went on to the next .
tr	NNS	Words cannot adequately express my gratitude to these two adorable and loving brothers .
tr	NNS	There are booths set up along the street , some selling commemorative necklaces , other offering fresh tattoos of henna or more permanent varieties .
tr	NN	" Next best to the drink of life , " its first ad had read , and vampires had responded to the ad campaign .
tr	NNS	The dam breaks and the tears fall .
tr	NNS	More shots rang out , but none of them seemed to come near .
tr	NN	The chaplain thought for a while and ended up following her and sitting down .
tr	NN	A new flat carpet in a neutral color would do wonders in helping people envision themselves in the house .
tr	NN	The captain made a big show of opening the top few drawers in Bria 's desk and rifling through the pens and papers inside .
tr	NNS	Twenty thousand Virgin Soldiers stood in ranks at attention .
tr	NN	Reality is this : Having fun is just temporary relief from the incessant pain .
tr	NNS	Odysseus wished he and his friend were close enough to whisper .
tr	NNS	But right now , her insecurities weren 't as important as Grady .
tr	NN	The pattern and design were readily identifiable as the handiwork of the ancient Pueblo Indians .
tr	NN	The pilot , wearing a black helmet with a dark visor , met me there .
tr	NN	The chef had previously worked at Le Bordeaux , one of Tampa 's finest restaurants , and had a special knack for presentation .
tr	NNS	But his teachers even learned to understand his foibles .
tr	NN	First , my torso formed ; then , in a sort of rippling wave of solidity , my arms and legs and fingers and toes appeared .
tr	NN	Link didn 't even know .
tr	NNS	The portly duchess wrapped her hand around Lotte 's arm .
tr	NNS	The servants were the same .
tr	NNS	Everywhere , chaos ensued , as rebels and citizens ran around , screaming , confused .
tr	NN	" No pun intended . "
tr	NNS	The defenders had fought well , killing legions of the dead , but despite their best efforts the wall was being overrun .
tr	NNS	Red flags start popping up all over the place , but I completely ignore them .
tr	NN	" Where 's the laptop ? "
tr	NN	With cloudless skies , endless sunshine brought those numbers even higher .
tr	NNS	More cramps hit her one after the other and she felt thick , warm liquid seep out between her legs .
tr	NN	The pilot says , " Olivia Newton John and the Bee Gees right ?
tr	NN	The stocky sergeant stood up .
tr	NNS	The newspapers the next day exploded with reports of seeing people in black posting the images all over Lubbock .
tr	NNS	Romulus ignored him , readying a match .
tr	NN	The dwarf fired first and the bolt bounced off his shield and blasted a crate .
tr	NNS	" Over time things change , facts get forgotten .
tr	NN	A lust that wouldn 't go away until I had one of them .
tr	NNS	The wolves will not approach me , so I will go to them .
tr	NNS	The legends told of a Talisman that allowed those who wore it to travel back and forward in time .
tr	NNS	Little Naomi 's eyelids prized open as he lowered her gently to the floor .
tr	NN	The haze of dust which the British soldiers raised had already settled , and no sign of French pursuit .
tr	NN	Following a deep breath , the cowboy sprinted to the edge and leaped into the gulf .
tr	NNS	The dark areas had deepened under the FBI agent 's eyes since Forte had seen her that morning .
tr	NN	" When is your birthday ? "
tr	NNS	The immortals knew several millennia ago it was useless against them .
tr	NN	The liquid was having an immediate and startling effect on her .
tr	NNS	His pupils dilated until his eyes were completely black .
tr	NNS	As when he and Malone had visited , only a few inches of water remained .
tr	NNS	Their trousers and shorts were in varying states of repair and most boys were wearing leather slip on shoes with no laces .
tr	NNS	26 letters in an alphabet I haven 't spoken in 264 days of isolation .
tr	NNS	Questions spun through her mind at the same speed Reyes 's warmth abandoned her body , leaving her cold and shivering .
tr	NN	She tired of arrogant , smirking dragons assuming she existed only to be their plaything .
tr	NN	Only an idiot did otherwise - a dead idiot , usually . "
tr	NN	There 's no airport here . "
tr	NN	There was no teacher and only one student .
tr	NNS	The tinted goggles allowed him to stare into the full face of the eclipse without fear of being blinded .
tr	NN	The gentleman that he was seated with stood as I approached , forcing Lyle to follow suit , which I secretly enjoyed .
tr	NN	Jake 's manner had become dictatorial as though he were ordering entry level employees , not professionals .
tr	NNS	She levels her gaze at me .
tr	NNS	Eventually , the mines closed -- some flooded , some simply tapped out -- and the town began to die .
tr	NNS	Once in a while , the meetings are on Paragon .
tr	NN	His h * ps circled expertly , pushing the length and width of him ever deeper into the heart of her .
tr	NN	At the end of the day , their loyalty was to their own .
tr	NN	The adrenaline was still coursing through my veins , making my heart race .
tr	NNS	The images on the screen changed now .
tr	NNS	The raindrops were people , yes , his contemporaries , striving to get down the window , if nothing else , without disappearing on the way .
tr	NNS	" The media 's saying there were three vans at each embassy ? "
tr	NN	The biggest challenge of this type of assignment was the monotony .
tr	NNS	Our mothers were friends .
tr	NNS	There were some caps , and I swiped a felted wool one that were cheap and funny shaped .
tr	NN	Your honor and perseverance are far more appealing to me than any short-lived flirtatious charm could ever be . "
tr	NNS	Lazy fans always seemed to be overhead .
tr	NN	The pencil was down to its last inch .
tr	NNS	Things went quiet for a while for me and Austin .
tr	NNS	Any attempts to communicate with Tom and both of us were dead .
tr	NNS	There is nothing on this earth worth the possible risks we face now . "
tr	NN	Another cough racked my body , and as I wheezed , the man towing me and my chair through the water said , " Keep breathing .
tr	NNS	But all the fights and damning struggles we 'd fought together were worth everything I had put on the line for my life .
tr	NNS	" But once the bargain is upheld , the wolves will let the Undine mate again .
tr	NNS	Even in May , these great spires refused to shed their white , adorning mantles .
tr	NNS	The back roads of small town America continued to call their names , but couldn 't they wait a bit ?
tr	NN	" My grandmother figured it out .
tr	NN	" An eel spawn . "
tr	NNS	" The duchess got away ? "
tr	NNS	Words I never wanted to hear myself say .
tr	NNS	Green shots grew and my ideas became strong like an oak tree growing leaves in spring .
tr	NN	My capture was my blame and my task to resolve .
tr	NNS	The scales had already begun to turn to a ghastly liquid .
tr	NNS	Alexis dropped on the bed and held Matthew 's pillow tightly .
tr	NNS	Cadmus bent and slipped his arms under my knees , lifting me to his chest just like an infant .
tr	NNS	Gramps is cool like that .
tr	NNS	Worn saints beat in the wind against the houses .
tr	NNS	Hands pulled Celaena from the saddle and set her on wobbly legs .
tr	NN	" The pattern pointed to your friend , Tucker ? "
tr	NNS	All those dashed hopes and dreams came flooding back , only this time I was old enough to know better .
tr	NNS	Gavin 's effects wore off closer to the hour mark .
tr	NN	" The instinct is there ... always .
tr	NNS	Looks have always been important .
tr	NNS	" The tests from yesterday show the swelling is down .
tr	NN	The front page reads Thursday , Jan. 2 , 1986 .
tr	NN	But her former English teacher seemed to rethink her earlier attitude .
tr	NN	And your uncle is pretty excited about the gold coins .
tr	NNS	the expressions on the people 's faces so detailed as to be lifelike .
tr	NN	My uncle shot me a look and I grinned .
tr	NNS	Other patrons of the pastry shop gathered inside the small space , where it was warm and crowded at this hour .
tr	NN	The squad arrives at a vault door .
tr	NNS	So unless your parents were extremely old when they had you , the chances of their both being dead from natural causes seems unlikely . "
tr	NN	Isolating himself , the prison and Foundation from the information is still very important to him .
tr	NN	The confirmation was probably in progress if it hadn 't been interrupted already .
tr	NN	And hey , if you get caught , it 's not like he can have you arrested .
tr	NN	" But - " " There 's a manual , " I say .
tr	NNS	The wooden floors didn 't conceal much noise , although the dark wood looked nice .
tr	NN	Calder 's exclamation came after breakfast while everyone was still seated at the table .
tr	NN	Rivera 's secretary buzzed us into his office .
tr	NNS	Something tragic has happened with the Order .
tr	NN	The concierge handed Julian a large manila envelope .
tr	NNS	No spots except for the short space between a blue Honda and a red sedan on the opposite side of the street by the park .
tr	NN	The sheriff remained leaning on his squad car .
tr	NN	The chef said as he walked back from the bucket , asking me suspiciously .
tr	NNS	Lights flashed on and off , filling the room with blinding light .
tr	NNS	Maybe the house improvements could wait .
tr	NN	Nausea burns my stomach as panic sets in .
tr	NN	Your dragon is sick .
tr	NN	The reserve in his demeanor finally made sense to her .
tr	NN	On the bottom of one of his bare feet was a scar identical to the motionless woman 's .
tr	NNS	The duchess reaches out and places a small hand on his arm to calm him .
tr	NN	" Sorry , " the maid murmured , concentrating harder on her task .
tr	NNS	The two detectives jumped from the cars and started to run for the stairs , followed by the two uniform men .
tr	NN	He wore three braids on each side of his head , the whole mass clipped back .
tr	NNS	Secondhand stores provided some luck as well , particularly for things like sweaters .
tr	NN	Then the whispering began .
tr	NN	The dreadful proof came when he spotted something on the windowsill that reflected the light .
tr	NN	Her attire was pretty much the same as it always was - jeans , denim shirt and boots .
tr	NN	But the porter frowns .
tr	NN	Suddenly the doorknob wriggled .
tr	NNS	Oh , the joys of having whatever the opposite of a poker face was .
tr	NN	A strut that said he knew who he was , what he wanted and how to get it .
tr	NNS	These chains were useless .
tr	NN	" A mass murderer too apparently . "
tr	NN	The door scanner confirmed her identity as she punched in her password and entered her office .
tr	NN	An unexpected tremor of excitement shimmied throughout her body .
tr	NN	" How much we talkin ' ' bout , " she asked , coming directly to the point .
tr	NN	" My unit lost power ? "
tr	NNS	" The silver seas are the seas at the end of life .
tr	NN	The bullet wound itself is just a round , red circle in Lynn 's skin , but surrounding it is what looks like a bruise .
tr	NNS	An abyss yawned beneath , pulled at her ... But no .
tr	NN	The Hermes captain is still in a closet near the bridge .
tr	NN	Did the valet know ?
tr	NNS	Neon exit signs hung above all outgoing doors .
tr	NN	Their potential reunion would be sweet .
tr	NN	More crewmen were hovering over a man barking raspy orders .
tr	NNS	Things will be different now .
tr	NN	When Ellie had first helped Rema put the dress on , there was a " V " shaped slit in the material between her breasts .
tr	NNS	Typically , eating rats indicates a severe shortage of available food , but yesterday , I couldn 't even find any of them .
tr	NN	A small rustle of leaves coming from the shrubs .
tr	NNS	Her pupils dilated with anger .
tr	NNS	Luckily the two pairs of shoes fit well .
tr	NNS	The dwarves made various noises indicating joy and left , following the robot through a door on the left of the room .
tr	NNS	The pirates fired shots at his chest , or else spent their energy chopping at his legs .
tr	NNS	Gramps passed away a few years ago . "
tr	NN	Link didn 't have to wait long to try out his Caster key .
tr	NNS	Not to mention , werewolves are immortal and they don 't consume anything mortal or anything different than mortals do .
tr	NN	Fat Charlie 's dressing gown came through the door .
tr	NN	" And secondly , you two have to stop being scared of each other . "
tr	NNS	Flames of desire ignited inside of me .
tr	NN	" When 's your Irishman showing up ? "
tr	NNS	The dolphins squeaked and frolicked once free of their burden , as if rejoicing that they had accomplished some mission .
tr	NN	The tip of her tongue touched her top lip briefly before she arched up on her toes to kiss him .
tr	NN	An observer who would tell the story differently than she might .
tr	NNS	Your characters are so real , especially your vampires .
tr	NN	The villain , me , wants to tell the world about the Compound . "
tr	NN	Suddenly , a bellowing roar vibrated through the wall on our right side , loud enough to send streams of dust trickling down from the ceiling .
tr	NN	The leader examines the crossbow and stands up .
tr	NNS	" Luckily for you such abilities are usually redundant .
tr	NNS	A few prostitutes lingered along the edge of the room near the stairs .
tr	NN	To get through the remaining months of the school year , our team 's primary goal has shifted to making sure other attacks don 't occur .
tr	NNS	Certainly the chances of accidentally running into one in Sheridan , Wyoming , were very small .
tr	NN	Her pulse pounded , evident at the base of her neck .
tr	NNS	These creatures aren 't the only secret this hell hole is hiding .
tr	NN	Instead , the roar of traffic greeted my ears as a warm breeze fluttered through my hair .
tr	NN	" That poor barber might have twenty such motives , and twenty such opportunities and it wouldn 't matter .
tr	NN	Almost as soon as that man had done it , the government went down with an iron fist .
tr	NNS	" The same authorities you say we have to run from are already looking for Brandon .
tr	NNS	Words are not adequate to explain the surge of emotions that I was undergoing that very moment .
tr	NNS	His light abilities stretched only to simple plant growing .
tr	NN	That goal was to secure his life 's work .
tr	NN	" The organization is what concerns me .
tr	NNS	The surviving werewolves crowd around him and tear at the shadows too .
tr	NNS	His followers took up the words , sending their call into the buildings and along the narrow streets .
tr	NNS	But the Others were also full of anger .
tr	NNS	There were other investments , most of which managed to pop out with the food as if both were accidents .
tr	NNS	Things seldom worked out with such geometric precision .
tr	NN	" His accent isn 't fake . "
tr	NN	The creatures moved down the highway at great speed , sparks flying where their claws impacted the pavement .
tr	NNS	The images will always be there now , burned into my mind like history written into books .
tr	NN	The Russian announcement of the start of the tournament caused a loud round of applause .
tr	NN	" The clash of the egos , " Serena commented .
tr	NN	The robe and his hand disappeared .
tr	NNS	" Lights will guide you home ... " He whispered in my ear .
tr	NNS	Marius sniffed loudly and wiped his nose .
tr	NNS	Looks aren 't the only thing that matter . "
tr	NNS	Odysseus knew it was no good haggling over that price : pepper was , literally , worth its weight in gold .
tr	NNS	" Now then , " the duchess said briskly , and Alexandra hastily stifled her wayward smile .
tr	NNS	Living quarters needed to be found .
tr	NN	It was unmade , the maroon comforter bunched and twisted with black sheets .
tr	NN	Even the whispering faded , but the memory of it lingered , like a slowly dying echo .
tr	NN	" There 's a parlor ? "
tr	NNS	Things never went " to plan . "
tr	NNS	By early afternoon , the village 's accumulated misgivings were a tangible unease in the air .
tr	NN	" Nothing wil happen to you while we 're here .
tr	NN	A little celebration to end our trip .
tr	NNS	Familiar activities soon would begin out in Ship 's corridors - familiar but with a feeling of sparseness because of the diminished crew .
tr	NNS	Bottles wasn 't concerned , because his father sometimes disappeared for days at a time .
tr	NN	His posture was rigid with tension as he stabbed a finger in the air , and I could hear him easily through the glass .
tr	NNS	Several members of the crew lay in the corridor .
tr	NNS	The media almost made up their own camp .
tr	NN	Love considered before replying .
tr	NN	The baron must have been an impressive personality . "
tr	NN	The model selected by the agency was in her late thirties .
tr	NNS	Her movements were stiff as she cleaned up what little hair she cut off me .
tr	NN	Soft jazz floated from a set of open double doors with a big black guy standing guard outside .
tr	NNS	The dwarves all gathered round when they heard the wizard talking like this to Bilbo .
tr	NN	Crystal 's mate was an extremely tall man who towered over me as he approached to make his greeting .
tr	NNS	All couples go through those things but we took it too far . "
tr	NNS	The footsteps passed , but Mac and Jace remained hidden .
tr	NNS	Words floated through his mind , filtering through the haze .
tr	NNS	Currently , readers will find 21 stories available in EBook format collections , some including illustrations , as bedtime reading for children at different age levels .
tr	NN	By now the whole castle had crumbled leaving nothing but a crater .
tr	NNS	As if to enforce her point the air movements reverberated against the rocks in weird harmonies .
tr	NN	Those lustful eyes burning , waiting for wood to feed their fires .
tr	NNS	But there were aliens here .
tr	NNS	How are your truffle recipes progressing ? "
tr	NN	Uncertain what the dawn will yield But there 's no need to ask .
tr	NN	" You would if you met the right one , " his grandmother said , with a gleam in her eyes that alarmed him .
tr	NNS	Sadness clouded his face as he looked at her hands .
tr	NN	The knight ran down the stairs to punish the man at the front of the line .
tr	NN	A tap echoing mine sounded on the window behind me .
tr	NN	The pilot turned the stick in his hand .
tr	NNS	The cats , by now , should weigh about a pound apiece .
tr	NN	" You 're a cool one , " the captain told her .
tr	NN	The Kilmer Inn Chance parked the car because we were just driving aimlessly .
tr	NN	The intern chimed in : " We are ready for you , Miss Burgess . "
tr	NNS	Where are my binoculars ?
tr	NNS	20 texts and 30 missed calls .
tr	NN	My father 's goal was to own forty acres of land , free and clear .
tr	NNS	Images showed huge black cruisers coming toward the barrier .
tr	NNS	Things were really not looking good for Brother George .
tr	NNS	Most objects in the universe are drops of water , or grains of sand .
tr	NN	A gradual introduction to the perils of society will help cushion the blow .
tr	NN	The value of a Clans ' drums was immeasurable .
tr	NNS	My pulse races and I hold on tighter , not willing to ever let him go .
tr	NNS	Things rained down from them , men with unnatural thoughts .
tr	NNS	The strands were like silk .
tr	NN	At once the electricity arced and sizzled between them .
tr	NNS	The man 's footsteps were the sound of death approaching ; the grinning man , with his fiery red beard , death himself .
tr	NN	Scrambling back a few steps , Link only now notices his blade is devoid of blood , though his counterattack struck true .
tr	NN	Love had been on her mind .
tr	NN	a voodoo spirit ? "
tr	NNS	The blasts spilled the contents of each drone onto the floor , rendering the extracted blood and nutrients , useless to the aliens .
tr	NN	The colony was a poverty-stricken dictatorship when I was born .
tr	NNS	Even the best Shadowhunters were not so different from the rest .
tr	NNS	Things had ended between them several months ago , but he hadn 't been able to stop thinking about her .
tr	NN	Instead of retracting his arms and moving closer , the deputy tried to stretch through the gaps in the bars even further .
tr	NN	Although it was only ten thirty in the morning , the pub was open for business .
tr	NN	" I don 't mind telling you I enjoyed Branson , " her mother-in-law said .
tr	NN	The knight looked aghast .
tr	NNS	Golden spotlights shone down on the four poles erected on the outer rim of the circles .
tr	NN	And the science labs .
tr	NN	A growl formed in Graham 's throat .
tr	NN	A large tray appeared with ceramic mugs , one frothy pitcher , and dark fudge piled high atop a pewter plate .
tr	NNS	The ' Buck ' types were common in this line of work .
tr	NNS	Upstairs was cool and quiet compared to the level of noise downstairs .
tr	NNS	More meetings exposed them to even greater risk .
tr	NN	Thinking of Aunt Tatiana 's ruby in that grubby man 's hands did give me a moment 's pause , and I half expected her to protest .
tr	NN	The receptionist directed me down the hall and to the last room on the right .
tr	NN	The castle continued to shake in response to an ominous rumble in the foundation .
tr	NNS	The ducks waddle down a hill into a pond .
tr	NN	Red liquid that Jimmy immediately realized was blood coated the towel .
tr	NNS	The fairies shared their magic with me .
tr	NNS	Obviously , these chains weren 't here for fun and games .
tr	NNS	Clearly , zombies occupied the house .
tr	NNS	Lots of people avoided it these days , what with all the worry about the dangers of too much sun and skin cancer .
tr	NNS	Their races started when she was ten years old , when Bren had insisted that girls couldn 't ride as well as boys .
tr	NNS	Where were these creatures ?
tr	NNS	There are dents in the drywall in the hallway and it looks like your closet exploded in the apartment . "
tr	NNS	The other two tigers vanished .
tr	NN	Maybe some other inspector caught him somewhere else and he 's breaking rocks in Australia . "
tr	NNS	Muscles and flesh and metal everywhere .
tr	NN	Part of Alexa watched the scene from above with actual humor .
tr	NNS	" Such charming ladies , " Magnus remarked .
tr	NN	" Yes sir , " said the agent , smiling shrewdly .
tr	NN	Then the paint brightens and alters in deeper colors as it creates our first kiss on a swing set when we were fourteen .
tr	NNS	Keeping my lips from uttering panicky , motherly lectures only added to the stress .
tr	NNS	Our tongues met ; his tasted of smoke and I liked it , which only showed how far gone I was .
tr	NN	Then the bombshell : " I 'm letting you go . "
tr	NN	My orgasm flushed over me .
tr	NNS	My sources tell me that you 've been ensconced in the Vale for the past several centuries . '
tr	NN	No kidding , Caleb thought .
tr	NNS	Those ten pairs of blue eyes stared back at her .
tr	NN	" A compulsion for privacy and independence is often guarding a core of shame .
tr	NN	The jaguar didn 't want the reshaping of organs and tissue .
tr	NN	The doe reared again , its front legs pedaling , and the other two answered , slicing the air with their hooves .
tr	NN	Whoever he or she is , the murderer had to know that if there were any suspicions about either death , they would point toward me .
tr	NNS	Things you 'd write off , if not for the prior experiences .
tr	NNS	Bottles finished , then went outside to wait for the afternoon bus .
tr	NN	The lack of response had lessened his power over her .
tr	NN	The wailing of the emergency sirens reentered their consciousness as if the sound had been temporarily muted .
tr	NN	The rustling got louder , and soon I could hear voices .
tr	NNS	Others filed in from all directions until they formed a small army of men .
tr	NNS	Their skills were far superior to anything Sadie could offer .
tr	NN	Dwarf smell on the club , but there " s dwarf smell everywhere .
tr	NNS	Reyes had spoken about being able to split into two beings .
tr	NNS	How many of your family members have died because of these battles ? "
tr	NN	A slight chuckle drummed between us .
tr	NN	Above him a large flat-screen billboard mounted on the wall of a stone tower flashed with advertisements .
tr	NNS	Cadmus was the same .
tr	NNS	As with other such legends , the only claims of success over the years came from unreliable sources with little or no proof . "
tr	NN	The outline of the cutout grass was visible .
tr	NN	The snake reared back , ready to spit at her .
tr	NN	Every inch of this house , even though she 'd completely emptied it , reminded him of Ginny .
tr	NN	And the men wrestling stopped at once and collected the clothes they had ripped off one another .
tr	NNS	Reyes glanced up at the ceiling , as if praying for guidance .
tr	NN	" The vampire clan leader , Lorcan Teague , wanted you to forget me , so he made a witch put you under a spell . "
tr	NN	Unfortunately , his fully clothed status did nothing to diminish his sex appeal .
tr	NNS	Things that used to be so important to her seemed sort of meaningless now .
tr	NN	His shrewd uncle had taught him to think when problems arose .
tr	NN	And nestled next to a shiny blue Jaguar , there is a sleek black convertible .
tr	NNS	The pirates did not even look at each other .
tr	NNS	When I was done , the platters arrived on our table and I was suddenly ravenous from talking excitedly for so long .
tr	NN	The darts sprayed out with short whistles , sticking in the nose , mouth and right eye .
tr	NNS	Things were making a bit more sense now -- perhaps her father had not disappeared after all .
tr	NNS	After months of walking from Maryland , the bikes were heavenly and the weather was spectacular .
tr	NN	The receptionist peered through her window and leaned on the bar .
tr	NNS	White dresses are for the first time around , at least that was the custom for a long time .
tr	NN	She felt her body gripping him tighter , felt his smooth rod filling every available inch of space inside her .
tr	NN	" What this song needs is a sexy chick , bro . "
tr	NN	And where had the second diary gone ?
tr	NN	Every nerve jumped to high alert as I cleared my throat .
tr	NNS	And what were the chances still that I might be able to get the door open ?
tr	NNS	The werewolves , vampires , and even newly minted ghosts found it understandably distasteful to be referred to as such .
tr	NN	" Lucas came by late last night , " the camp leader confessed .
tr	NNS	The twins had hazel eyes .
tr	NN	Knight 's dying declaration would be admissible , because the court would assume he had no motive to lie from his deathbed . "
tr	NN	If you go upstairs , they ' l kill you . "
tr	NNS	Families began to take sides over the issue .
tr	NNS	As it screamed in pain and hatred , the great jaws opened , releasing the human inside .
tr	NN	the robed tyrant asked in her painful , raspy voice .
tr	NN	The leader nodded and said , " I will like it here . "
tr	NN	The dew on the grass moistened the tips of my shoes , and I caught the scent of conifers once more .
tr	NNS	Even forming sentences seemed to be a challenge , which did not bode well for answering the phones .
tr	NNS	My most trusted staff members have their rooms there , too . "
tr	NN	Reality proved even better than his dreams .
tr	NNS	There were spots of white skin showing through the ... The blood .
tr	NNS	But her boobs still spill over her top .
tr	NNS	Elias scrambled out after Shane .
tr	NN	The gentleman stared up at Bryan and squinted .
tr	NNS	It was always like this , ideas always came to him in his weakest moments , when he was least suited to put them into practice .
tr	NN	Te ' ton is ready for her fun .
tr	NN	My master was wondering if you 'd be gracious enough to give him twenty minutes of your time ? "
tr	NN	But there was a gleam in his eye that was off , and as if beckoned by my thoughts , he looked up and caught my gaze .
tr	NN	The goat , in the confusion , had chewed through its rope and trotted out of the door , vowing to give up religion in future .
tr	NN	The British accent was back , but this time Nick was hiding behind his tiny wife .
tr	NNS	The senior rats gathered round him , but seniority had changed .
tr	NN	A dragon , Auron thought as his horse galloped through the village .
tr	NN	I ' l tel you if he 's cool about it . "
tr	NNS	Will 's texts are : You busy tomorrow night ?
tr	NNS	The images came hard and fast , mixed in his blood .
tr	NN	His absence caused her lapse of concentration , bad mood and mad her want to speed up the time .
tr	NNS	The companions finished eating and packed up their things .
tr	NN	Before the first tear dripped down , my squad huddled around , promising to high kick anyone that came close to me .
tr	NNS	The sobs came fast and furious , and the memories she had fought so hard to bury broke free .
tr	NNS	The wide hills and valleys of the ocean rose and fell as before , an unbroken , green expanse .
tr	NNS	Things have changed Max .
tr	NNS	Your predictions were correct . "
tr	NN	That luxury would have to wait until the tests were marked and the final grades calculated .
tr	NNS	Both cameras belong to a woman dedicated to uncovering the truth about a clandestine government project housed at the Eclipse Bay Policy Studies Institute .
tr	NN	Kate 's announcement was what met Charlie at the door .
tr	NN	The carpet seemed to pitch and roll like a ship tossed about in a storm .
tr	NNS	The huts were big and the goats fat , but no women and no children .
tr	NN	Her grandma shot her a pointed look ; there was a suggestive tilt to her eyebrows as she took her glass from him .
tr	NN	It 's part of life , " her uncle said .
tr	NN	Colin 's slight hesitation told her all she needed to know .
tr	NNS	Something moved through the clogged terrain , possibly a wild boar , his hunter 's instincts told him .
tr	NN	Each sweep of his tongue sent a razor-sharp spike of pleasure through her .
tr	NN	His wrinkled clothing appeared to hang from him , as if too large for his frame .
tr	NN	The bastard wasn 't even winded .
tr	NNS	Cadmus grabbed my elbow and drew me in to him .
tr	NNS	A couple more inches of snow had fallen overnight .
tr	NNS	Election campaigns went on , and even without Hart , the coalition had strength .
tr	NNS	The usual ministrations wouldn 't work to soothe him .
tr	NNS	The spotlights were at ground level and aimed right at them .
tr	NN	A fierce firestorm neither could ever put out .
tr	NNS	There were no streetlights .
tr	NNS	All the signs point to him .
tr	NNS	The hallucinations had ceased all together and though I had nightmares , they weren 't as frequent .
tr	NNS	Sadness lingered in his eyes as he watched the horses grazing .
tr	NNS	More and more members want to join the club .
tr	NNS	" The effects of love spells on people who don 't like each other ? "
tr	NNS	The murmurs of general discussion that filled the tiers died down and the Mayor began to read from his stack of paper .
tr	NN	A sausage , sir , ' Corporal Knopf muttered .
tr	NN	The communicator on the captain 's dashboard went off again .
tr	NN	A weak chuckle reverberated between them .
tr	NNS	Families in wagons seemingly with no place to go watched him and Talon as the two men made their way toward the village stables .
tr	NNS	And the fees on that motorcycle are only going to go up the longer we leave it .
tr	NN	" The most likely explanation is that it is evolved behavior that facilitates the propagation of the pathogen .
tr	NNS	Alexis asks as her tone is now more calm and controlled .
tr	NN	And , besides , your grandmother and I had to think about the future .
tr	NN	I ' l put it farther up where no one else wil ever find it .
tr	NN	When I looked at it , his fingerprint dent was still showing on the coast of Morocco .
tr	NN	The following morning Lara paid a visit to the site .
tr	NN	The degree of satisfaction he had from the meal they shared astonished him , a fact he remarked on noting in particular the fluffy biscuits .
tr	NNS	Others thought it was stupid .
tr	NN	" Even after I try and kill you twice , your honour stops you ?
tr	NNS	On Julia , stockings were a playground for his eager hands .
tr	NN	Even one tap on the window risked their getting caught , and Jessica would be blamed .
tr	NN	In its wake , a fiery tail etched into the night .
tr	NN	As the Jesuits recognized , a key function of logic limits argument and , therefore , confines the thinking process .
tr	NNS	Others have their employees wearing hospital masks .
tr	NNS	" More cases of the Red Death .
tr	NN	And somehow , the absence of cosmetic enhancement only made her that much more attractive .
tr	NN	The Ambassador shook his head .
tr	NN	All the uncertainty about life and children always made her hesitant about starting a family .
tr	NNS	Delores and I exchanged a glance .
tr	NN	The widow was much younger than Tara was led to believe .
tr	NN	Part of her wanted to ask how many touchdowns had been scored , but she knew Nana wouldn 't appreciate the humor .
tr	NN	" The castle is massive , Jon .
tr	NNS	Chills ran down my spine .
tr	NNS	That evening , the five travelers sat around their campfire eating a stew that Elizabeth and Natalia had brought from the cottage .
tr	NN	A wrinkle formed on Mr. Roland 's brow .
tr	NNS	AKA , wolves didn 't play well with others that weren 't wolves .
tr	NNS	Under his earthy tutelage , she had bloomed inside herself , learned the rich depths of her own nature .
tr	NN	The stench might have actually killed my new appetite .
tr	NN	To her , his wisdom vastly exceeded his cycles .
tr	NNS	The soul paintings were a reflection of the needs of people and their congregations .
tr	NNS	Their directions were the closest to the starting point and Alonzo was grateful for that .
tr	NN	This tradition made no sense at all .
tr	NNS	Two black SUVs were waiting for him .
tr	NN	" Only an idiot would try that .
tr	NNS	Diggs tried to take my hand , but I walked away .
tr	NNS	The finest materials were going into that base out on Black Dragon .
tr	NNS	Flames turned and spun like a condensed sun within the confines of the archway .
tr	NN	Eventually , boredom got to me like a worm in an apple and I stopped playing with the lever .
tr	NNS	" Technically , the church members still have possession of the building .
tr	NN	The conflict did not even qualify as a war because it had all passed by so quickly .
tr	NN	An owl hooted in one of the big oaks behind the barn .
tr	NNS	Warm heavy drops were hitting my neck .
tr	NNS	The five members of the Circle sat at their cramped table and got to it .
tr	NNS	The fans just gave you the ability to have an audience to read it .
tr	NN	There 's no perception of time in the unconscious world . "
tr	NNS	Our tongues entwine as we pour all of the pent up sexual tension from the last few hours into this one kiss .
tr	NN	The fellow with the phone shrugged .
tr	NN	' Over in Klotz the mayor kept the piper waiting too long and he played his pipe and turned him into a badger ! '
tr	NNS	Cassius pointed out some of his favorite places .
tr	NN	' Excuse me , ' Love said .
tr	NNS	But the northern , western and central areas were brimming with activity and residents .
tr	NN	The new air conditioning unit was working beautifully .
tr	NN	This command produced a certain amount of grumbling .
tr	NN	" There isn 't a motto .
tr	NNS	There were a few local news cameras from the surrounding towns passing through .
tr	NN	This is important , no armour affords absolute protection .
tr	NN	Jazz caught up to him at the reception desk .
tr	NNS	His companions turned to glance at the vehicle .
tr	NN	The accent 's cool . "
tr	NNS	Others aren 't always so lucky . "
tr	NNS	All those traumatizing childbirth videos flashed through her head .
tr	NN	The sheriff ... My brother and family would never ... " " Okay , Edie .
tr	NN	The slow creep of the police cruiser kept him cowered at the edge of the Dumpster for much longer than he liked .
tr	NN	His smooth , thick tip dipped in , then suddenly withdrew .
tr	NNS	The woman 's eyelids fluttered down and she moaned softly , not with pain , but with pleasure .
tr	NN	Her honesty made her admit she 'd do it anyway .
tr	NNS	There were even underground tunnels leading from the planting fields to an escape hatch built in the ground below the back of the outer wall .
tr	NN	The tobacco tax is by far the most popular measure the legislature has passed this year .
tr	NNS	A few more footsteps entered in .
tr	NN	Every nerve in her body rang out with suspicion .
tr	NNS	There were thousands of people working here .
tr	NN	A new player had evidently taken a seat in the game .
tr	NN	The hunger in his gaze was more than enough reason to fight the urge to cover herself .
tr	NNS	Words and herbs were one thing , but what else might she ask of me ?
tr	NNS	The boards have held up well because it 's dry and cool in here .
tr	NNS	Her growl races through the phone and snaps at me viciously .
tr	NN	The Empire Of Steam also created a border defense in case of vampire attack in its Mayflower Forest .
tr	NN	Compound go boom . "
tr	NNS	" Attention passengers on today 's flight to Rarotonga in the Cook Islands by way of Los Angeles .
tr	NNS	Its rims mulched a groove into the pavement and vibrated against the brake pads .
tr	NNS	But soon their own bows appear , and arrows slice past me .
tr	NN	Soon after , Hak ' i came down , escorting them to the arena .
tr	NN	Where is the pudding ? "
tr	NNS	Two racks framed the single window , one filled with CDs , the other with DVDs .
tr	NN	22 Mab moved over so that she was standing next to Sebastian .
tr	NN	The whale has been feeding off your good fortune !
tr	NNS	Six mages sat around a small table only feet from Sasha arguing over how they would rid her body of her vampire mark .
tr	NN	My pulse accelerates ; I don 't like going underground at the best of times , but I can stand it long enough to see this marvel .
tr	NN	Maybe Melanie 's affinity for minerals ran in the family .
tr	NN	An excited flutter rose from John 's innards to his throat as he anticipated his first hostile takeover .
tr	NN	The audience was ready years ago , however .
tr	NN	The auto pilot was firmly on .
tr	NNS	Not just his c * ck and his hand at her breast , but his body over hers , his eyes locked on hers .
tr	NNS	Words tumbled from her lips .
tr	NNS	Muscles along his spine bunched with strength and Noelle couldn 't help but stare .
tr	NN	A strange thrill filled her .
tr	NNS	William 's movements blurred before he had Patrick pressed up against the wall .
tr	NN	The smell hit the instant she stepped inside , the ripe stench of dozens of cats invaded her delicate nostrils .
tr	NN	There was only one little snag that made me break the kiss .
tr	NN	And hey , what they don 't know won 't hurt ' em , right ? "
tr	NNS	The Lights were without a leader , so things would get chaotic for them and easier for him .
tr	NNS	The physical and dimensional concepts involved are more than your 21st century brain , no offense intended , can really comprehend .
tr	NN	A stench of something putrid permeated the entire ship .
tr	NN	Though she didn 't burn , perspiration soaked her as she felt the rays all the way to the marrow of her bones .
tr	NN	" No offense taken .
tr	NN	The young commander banged a fist to his chest and turned his horse , nudging it into a rather listless trot toward the prisoners .
tr	NNS	Two pairs of police officers sat at opposite ends of the street .
tr	NNS	These goblin creatures , as hideous as they are , are ridiculously easy to kill .
tr	NN	Thinking of Dorian reminded me of a comment he 'd made .
tr	NNS	Looks like I will get to see you hitting her after all . "
tr	NNS	Around them , meanwhile , the signs were that the battle had turned in the Assassins ' favor .
tr	NNS	The images then faded and I was back in the white place feeling a little motion sickness .
tr	NN	His clothing sparkled with sewn-in gemstones , and his fingers glittered gold and silver .
tr	NNS	More aromas arose : hot chocolate , fudge , popcorn , roses , tangerines .
tr	NNS	Two warriors came forward and dragged Cassidy off Diego again .
tr	NN	The warrior , however , had no idea who she was or why she wanted anything to do with him .
tr	NNS	I mean , aren 't you writer types usually content to cash the checks when they come , and go about your business ? "
tr	NN	The vortex grew smaller and shrunk down to a line .
tr	NN	Air transport is hard to come by , given the currency issues , so we 've taken to using Navy ships .
tr	NN	Way to go , Quinn .
tr	NNS	But the cliffs have only one true lover and that is mother sea .
tr	NN	The demon master makes a miserable sound .
tr	NNS	The cameras are tight on me as I reach out my hands to the man , to the wounded , to the reluctant rebels across Panem .
tr	NNS	A couple hundred fans showed up for the kickoff .
tr	NN	The design was so amazingly detailed , each individual feather accounted for .
tr	NN	The prophecy is a living force now . "
tr	NN	I real y do .
tr	NNS	" My instincts about you and Agent Foxx were dead-on from the beginning . "
tr	NNS	Tailored suits are in their future .
tr	NNS	" And our only outer defenses just went away .
tr	NN	" A pasty sounds lovely , but there 's no need to send it out .
tr	NN	" When I was thirty-three , my partner and I settled a tanker explosion case for a ton of money .
tr	NN	The bearded hunter , with his senses dulled from the odorous assault , lazily hopped back after the creature had already landed .
tr	NNS	Large white tiles cover the room from floor to ceiling and everything in here is so clean it sparkles .
tr	NN	' Oh , ah , ach , weel , aye ... ' Rob began , his face falling .
tr	NN	To this both the captain and the lieutenant nodded .
tr	NN	Some idiot has already composed a song about it .
tr	NNS	There are also two solutions to this problem .
tr	NN	" fucking hell . .
tr	NN	Her tail twitched slightly .
tr	NN	Maddie 's resolve weakened .
tr	NNS	His footsteps wandered back and forth in a shuffling type manner .
tr	NNS	Eve 's movements slowed , then stopped altogether .
tr	NNS	My horns are longer and sharper , and I bite back .
tr	NNS	No countess or duchess would appreciate a lesser lady drawing her husband 's attention .
tr	NNS	The strings are not just the death but the lament of the living , of those left behind , the mourners that sing with their colossal strings .
tr	NN	Hannah 's explanation sucked so she would have to run around the ' why ' of the pills .
tr	NN	Part of the business is to ship the cars to other countries and business is good . "
tr	NNS	There 's media everywhere . "
tr	NNS	" And warriors don 't surrender ?
tr	NN	For his part , fencing master crinkled his forehead for a minute before answering .
tr	NNS	Chess finally threw it , far too close to him and far too far from me .
tr	NN	The lanky pup accompanying her on its leash looked at Gan as if it understood what was taking place .
tr	NN	" And your slave is performing well .
tr	NN	At least there 's no spotlight .
tr	NN	Its fragrance was wonderful yet deadly .
tr	NN	The passion was suddenly there .
tr	NN	The voice-mail recording he 'd expected came on .
tr	NNS	Others simply did not like it , and wanted to keep to our own ways and not live in austerity and penance .
tr	NNS	Things would get complicated .
tr	NN	Fuzzy black lightning shot past him , snatching the cookie in mid-air .
tr	NNS	Would you ladies like to go out for breakfast with me this morning ? "
tr	NN	Instead of softening his masculinity , the plain black apron emphasized lean hips , a broad chest , and a magnificent butt .
tr	NN	The stench of dead fish cloistered in my nostrils from a sailing vessel that hadn 't existed in hundreds of years said otherwise .
tr	NNS	Beth 's old mattress and quilt were still where she had left them just a few days earlier .
tr	NNS	Successive generations of MI5 , MI6 and their German equivalents , have become complicit by inheritance , the latest being Marion and Stone .
tr	NNS	Two daggers glinted in his fingers .
tr	NN	The images fade , slink back into my subconscious .
tr	NN	A soft click let her know the gun was empty .
tr	NN	The angel was waiting for his response to that bombshell .
tr	NN	The officer stiffened then snapped his fingers .
tr	NN	The sob that filled the bathroom was mine .
tr	NNS	The colours are blurring into one , much like my thoughts .
tr	NNS	These dinner visits were the highlight of my day .
tr	NN	About Katie French Katie French imagined herself an author when her poem caught the eye of her second grade teacher .
tr	NN	Her anonymous caller was back and laughing at her again .
tr	NNS	Buying replacement planes for the destroyed transports was impossible -- they weren 't manufactured any longer .
tr	NNS	As she spoke , Jack 's paintings appeared in my mind , one by one .
tr	NNS	Her sneakers mainly stayed the same , but the color changed from plain white , to brown .
tr	NNS	There were no other passengers ; the airport was practically deserted .
tr	NN	His torso was hot and hard against hers , his tongue slick and skilled .
tr	NNS	' Your actions indicate otherwise .
tr	NNS	An emptiness that , looking at Lake now , I knew we never had .
tr	NNS	Cars buzz by every few seconds .
tr	NNS	The images were the blood , the culmination of all Miquel .
tr	NNS	The large Arc lands behind her as he strikes her again .
tr	NNS	" The Officials , " I say in explanation and he ushers me inside .
tr	NN	Suddenly a dark slit opened and something horrific came through it .
tr	NNS	Lots of moon folks injured and some killed from that particular fierce and fiery bombardment .
tr	NNS	The sirens kept blaring as I held Shadow Eater 's gaze .
tr	NNS	Some knickknacks on the table started to skirt across , bookshelves swayed against the walls .
tr	NN	At that moment the mechanism on the Ferris wheel kicked into gear and they began their descent .
tr	NN	Or their vodka here might dry up . "
tr	NNS	Things were looking good .
tr	NN	The quake filled the air with a low growling sound , accentuating its intimidation .
tr	NNS	The lingering images of my nightmare still seemed all too real .
tr	NNS	The mech wolves only stared at him through lifeless yellow eyes .
tr	NNS	Their tongues rolled together in a bid for dominance , their teeth clashing .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of their earlier lovemaking did nothing to soothe her .
tr	NN	" The duke did . "
tr	NNS	Images flash through my mind .
tr	NNS	A sudden pulse blasts away from all four vessels as their shields activate .
tr	NNS	The contents of the flat appeared undisturbed , but I supposed the police would have searched it , and the atmosphere felt different from before .
tr	NNS	Her nostrils filled with the salty sea air and tiny water droplets sprayed her face .
tr	NN	" The scanner might scare it away .
tr	NNS	But the meetings were far from friendly .
tr	NNS	Her resources were close to being tapped out .
tr	NN	The flush mechanism consisted of an ornate pull chain which activated the flushing action allowing the water to flow .
tr	NN	The bar tender approached and took their orders before hurriedly removing himself from their immediate vicinity .
tr	NNS	Rufus narrowed his eyes at Bat .
tr	NN	Her guided tour had already included the surgical suite , used for both egg collection and embryo implantation .
tr	NN	The purple carpet glittered randomly for a second then varied its velvety surface like a field of wheat in the wind .
tr	NN	As I had stepped into the cluster , the warrior began .
tr	NN	The carpet was lush and thick , a lavender that was deeper in color than any she 'd seen before .
tr	NN	I laughed and smoothed her , her fur was thick and soft .
tr	NN	Their lack of condition was showing already .
tr	NNS	There were murmurs of assent from the men on the bench .
tr	NN	" The urn in the niche , " Victor urged , rising and pointing .
tr	NN	Just to the right of the gate is a large bundle of what looks like rags .
tr	NNS	Something amusing flashed in Dorian 's eyes , and I knew he 'd guessed my ruse .
tr	NN	Her clothing and food were simple , but she had them , as well as a place to sleep that stayed warm most nights .
tr	NNS	The immortals were chatting among themselves .
tr	NNS	Their tests and X-rays continued into today , which contributed to the newbies ' exhaustion .
tr	NNS	At the national level , governments watched and waited , hoping that it was all just a bizarre passing phase , like hula hoops or Beatlemania .
tr	NN	A drugstore across the street is now an empty storefront .
tr	NNS	Would such sport bars be as popular then ?
tr	NN	No matter what happened , both dragon and man would forever share a place in her heart .
tr	NNS	Elias kept hitting the balls in one by one .
tr	NNS	There were several murmurs of agreement .
tr	NN	The notion was exciting , but it also made him nervous .
tr	NN	Only a raven and an eagle can succeed where all fail .
tr	NNS	If HIV didn 't cause AIDS , the ' best minds in the business ' would have found that out long ago .
tr	NNS	There were several frames of us staring at each other , laughing .
tr	NNS	Our currents mingled for a second before she let go of my hand and walked away .
tr	NN	The safe option would have been to wait and consider my actions .
tr	NNS	His footsteps grew louder and louder , until they stopped at my doorway .
tr	NN	Each strike he made with his hooks and spikes was noisy .
tr	NNS	As I stared at the monitor , a traitorous thought occurred to me .
tr	NNS	Shouts came from every direction .
tr	NNS	There were three suspects that I took care of .
tr	NN	Her pulse kicked up suddenly and her breathing got very tight .
tr	NN	A crown of iron came down , settled upon his brow , drew tighter , fit him .
tr	NNS	Social media adds about fifty minutes to my daily downloads , and maybe only a percent of the information is something I 'd be able to use .
tr	NNS	" Things appear bleak now , but it won 't always be this way .
tr	NN	His calf bled profusely .
tr	NN	But the video didn 't mention how hard it was .
tr	NNS	Think of it as a short audition for the starring role , no strings attached .
tr	NN	" Only the Staff can take this decision .
tr	NNS	At the moment governments borrow from the very people that hoard the money they lend . "
tr	NNS	Two black clad figures rifled through his room showing no concern for his property .
tr	NNS	The other passengers scurried to their feet and busied themselves getting their luggage .
tr	NNS	Stacks of crates and barrels and the long-necked machines that moved them littered the open spaces .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of his sons occupied much of his time lately and most of them carried an air of disquiet .
tr	NNS	" Those shots of you and Sexton don 't mean squat unless you or Sexton admit they 're accurate .
tr	NN	Its familiar design made Viktor 's neck prickle : Swirling vines wrapped around a flower .
tr	NNS	Her thumbs caressed the sculpted line of his cheekbones , holding him still as she pressed her lips to the tip of his aristocratic nose .
tr	NN	Just do me a favor , son , learn a lesson from this .
tr	NN	There was awed lust in Mia 's voice , and it was a long time before she lifted her gaze back to his .
tr	NN	A large flat screen television dominated another wall .
tr	NN	A flute and cello played the familiar melody of Variations on a Theme .
tr	NN	The odd butterfly took flight in her stomach as Raphael 's lips closed on hers .
tr	NNS	" There are banks here from everywhere .
tr	NN	" There 's another player , and you 're his target . "
tr	NN	The ketchup was my idea .
tr	NNS	Would his kisses be soft or desperate ?
tr	NNS	He released her arms , his greens eyes spitting fire .
tr	NN	There was no hesitation in her grip , no timidity .
tr	NNS	My aunts came in , Salome and Esther , and they made Little Salome drink soup and lie down .
tr	NN	The male tender looked into her mind and said , " It depends on the individual .
tr	NN	Her uncertainty melted as their eyes met .
tr	NN	My technical consultant here advises me that your plant needs comprehensive overhaul .
tr	NNS	The pursuers followed the route over a stream , down a long ravine , and up through a clearing .
tr	NN	Love gave them a cursory glance as he drove past an empty house that had been converted into office premises about thirty years earlier .
tr	NNS	Like the other members of the council did when they were so deep into planning that they let their masks slip .
tr	NNS	Others pressed to congratulate him .
tr	NNS	Little insects lined the walls and Kenny spotted a bird 's nest in one of the many crevices .
tr	NNS	' Things are just ... I feel things so hard sometimes .
tr	NN	Part of him was eager to share the news of his marriage .
tr	NNS	Lights already lit in her towers to guide the weary traveler .
tr	NN	A thrill went through me at the idea of seeing him again , followed quickly by a burst of fear .
tr	NNS	Suddenly , he felt something , he looked up , level with him , just inches from his face were a pair of yellow glowing eyes .
tr	NNS	Long strands of hair were artfully loose from her carefully pinned hair .
tr	NNS	Another two hits come from the opposite side , threatening to force them off the road .
tr	NNS	Most rats couldn 't read human .
tr	NNS	The letters and numbers swam on my tablet and I sat down hard .
tr	NN	The first tremor rolled out of his mind and hit the earth with a punch .
tr	NNS	At the mention of their slain brothers , the mech wolves all bowed their heads .
tr	NNS	Elias was too talkative , too engaging .
tr	NN	Whatever getting a shot felt like , a little pinch was not it .
tr	NN	There was no proof of reincarnation , no hint that even Harry Houdini had survived that final disappearing trick .
tr	NNS	The colleges were buzzing with radical ideas of reform that my parents didn 't want to see me involved in .
tr	NNS	Bring only yourselves , no humans , no exceptions , understood ?
tr	NN	" The Ambassador , " I yelled to the marines at the gates .
tr	NNS	Shortly , the captains would demonstrate to the entire company what happened to those who violated the Articles .
tr	NNS	His own conclusions startle me .
tr	NN	Two year old Lora was rhythmically bouncing off his left thigh and Maryellen 's right thigh hypnotically repeating , " Mommy !
tr	NNS	With hands and fingers he teased and entreated , his kisses brutal .
tr	NN	The nut had not simply fallen from a tree -- it had been thrown .
tr	NNS	When the town 's darkness was at its most complete , the gates within the high walls surrounding the tower would briefly open .
tr	NN	Once the imminent danger of a surprise leap has subsided , the squad leader holds his scope up to his eye , trying to get a visual .
tr	NN	Look , you don , t have to believe in God to believe that .
tr	NN	The proof , however remote , that somewhere in the same world where I lived he did exist .
tr	NNS	Words fail me ! "
tr	NNS	Its summit was only a handful of yards overhead , sheltering the ruins of the ancient Jewish fortress .
tr	NN	The reflection was teaching her .
tr	NN	The blush that followed the trail of the gown told him she was not quite as brazen as the action suggested .
tr	NNS	Sausage , eggs , fresh biscuits and homemade strawberry jelly soon appeared in front of her .
tr	NNS	The prostitutes won 't like the ugly scar that I will leave .
tr	NN	" A leader must always consider the future . "
tr	NN	The fascinating texture of her soft body pressed against his was startling .
tr	NN	A long , thick tail wound around his middle , squeezing .
tr	NN	The agent smiled politely while dismissing the offer as much too low .
tr	NN	The panel comes free , exposing a host of colored wires .
tr	NN	The adorable dimple in his chin didn 't hurt his case either .
tr	NNS	His servants followed , and their boots pounded the pavement .
tr	NNS	" If it makes you feel any better , her antics have seriously curtailed her social life .
tr	NN	' They 're rocks , ' said the troll , patiently .
tr	NN	The brunette in red grinned .
tr	NNS	The highways and major thoroughfares come first .
tr	NNS	" There aren 't any wolves in Louisiana . "
tr	NNS	The other ladies have been nice .
tr	NNS	Just then , three nurses marched into the room .
tr	NN	Your lease is for a houseboat , not a police boat . "
tr	NNS	The creatures shoved me inside , closing the door .
tr	NN	The noose slipped around the guard 's neck and the dark man rolled from the roof and dropped .
tr	NNS	These tunnels are elaborate and even heated in places .
tr	NN	A sharp grimace flicked over his face .
tr	NNS	Werewolves don 't exist .
tr	NN	Only Sandra Cheney and Regis 's receptionist added estrogen to the mix .
tr	NN	" What 's your soup of the day ? "
tr	NN	" Our honeymoon , " I said .
tr	NNS	Judging from their awkward moves , the dancers were far from being professionals .
tr	NN	The defeat in her voice terrified Staffan .
tr	NNS	The improvements were clearly effective ; the Coalition fighters had already killed two enemy fighters .
tr	NNS	Brightly colored letters adorned the highly polished floor .
tr	NNS	The elves were near extinct now , and their father , the One Elf , was fully immersed in the Elven Death .
tr	NN	Gavin 's pulse spiked .
tr	NNS	The other three members of the band stood , clearly shocked but keen to shake his hand .
tr	NNS	Your drops were just as relevant as hundreds of others .
tr	NN	My grandmother lived with us , and when we were home , she made us speak Deutsch .
tr	NNS	The drinks came right away , but the meals came as slow as Sandra had expected in a joint like this .
tr	NNS	But the tightness around his eyes told a different story .
tr	NNS	Above them , large , brilliantly coloured blooms nestled in the crooks of the branches , dripping nectar , their long fibrous roots dangling toward the earth .
tr	NNS	The murmurs started again .
tr	NN	Then came hatred and wicked thoughts .
tr	NN	Thinking of Voss made her feel more optimistic .
tr	NNS	Elias shook his head sadly .
tr	NNS	Rock chips showered down in a violent hail .
tr	NN	Claire was sitting in her armchair by the window , looking out onto the garden below , her unguarded face a study in sorrow .
tr	NNS	" Very well , his actions are not sane anyway .
tr	NN	Any moron can turn a card .
tr	NN	The strange , malevolent gleam I had noticed earlier in his eyes was back .
tr	NN	Instantly her tense posture relaxed , and she straightened out of her crouch .
tr	NNS	Cadmus stared at my shaking hand .
tr	NNS	There had been recorded occasions when turns had come out of it quite mad , their minds snapped by the endless agony .
tr	NN	Her uncle just wanted proof that she had willingly relinquished the ownership of her land .
tr	NNS	The styles varied here and there but the outfit was always a modest black dress .
tr	NN	There was a rustle behind him , and he turned to see Madeleine on her feet , toddling toward the door .
tr	NN	10 Selene laughed , and the sound was metallic in Denison 's earpiece .
tr	NN	His pen darted across the paper .
tr	NNS	But the winds came again to force me back again to the warmth and comfort of the apartment .
tr	NN	The captain confirmed that someone else had given money for you before me .
tr	NN	Memory came slamming back .
tr	NN	A layer of sandbags ran along the top .
tr	NN	There was a certain innocence , a frailty about John that made her always want to protect him .
tr	NNS	There are paintings on the cream coloured walls .
tr	NN	Lust had nothing to do with a forever love .
tr	NNS	The roads were all dirt .
tr	NNS	Gaslight The garden gnomes are looking for commentary on weird news .
tr	NN	An escort waited for Connor outside of the box .
tr	NNS	Lights on poles swayed .
tr	NN	" Has honour departed from you all ? "
tr	NN	Food and water were scarce and expensive ; but gasoline was the biggest concern for millions of travellers on the nation 's highways .
tr	NN	The ship 's outline appeared ahead , and he heard activity on the deck .
tr	NNS	" The indications are that Jarvis will strike in the evening , rather than early on .
tr	NNS	Our food stores are down to days .
tr	NN	Every other night this week he 'd stayed late at the shop , fixing bikes his tech could have fixed during the day .
tr	NNS	And billions of happily attached women around the world would have just gone breathless if they 'd been in her flip-flops right then .
tr	NNS	Screams and thuds filled the dance floor .
tr	NN	The stifling gloom and stench of rot increased as they neared the dungeon area that held the most heinous criminals .
tr	NN	The other leader wanted to win at any price , and you would have been part of that price .
tr	NN	A glass pitcher of lemonade sat on the table .
tr	NN	" The writing on the wall , " Andrew said again , pointing to the wall .
tr	NN	There seemed a genuine appreciation of the unfolding events -- and surprisingly , the young Russians supported the creation of a modern-day monarchy .
tr	NN	A delicate design of swirls and spirals adorned the doors .
tr	NN	The student stared desperately at the notes , which didn 't seem to tell him a thing .
tr	NNS	All the facts began to add up and I wondered why I didn 't see it before .
tr	NNS	My eyelids flutter , and the entire scene slips out of focus .
tr	NN	' Part of the tribe left this morning . '
tr	NN	" Don 't toy with me , Admiral , " the ambassador said .
tr	NNS	Other butterflies included the curls of her hair in their patterns , or the curves of her mouth , even the upturn of her pretty little nose .
tr	NNS	These jumps looked taller than me and had to be at , or at least very near , Olympic height .
tr	NN	" It 's too bad , " the teacher said absently .
tr	NNS	" There are nuns that work there ? "
tr	NN	The distinction is possibly only of interest to those interested in the interpretation and observation of the rules regarding the world 's tallest construction .
tr	NNS	Outside the raindrops splattered the window in a pattern of blots like a Rorschach test .
tr	NNS	Frozen inches from my chest , pointy end facing toward me .
tr	NNS	The sails were white with large black numbers painted on the sides .
tr	NNS	Questions Christos with a laugh .
tr	NNS	But there are limits you know .
tr	NN	His goal was to get done fast and get the money and drugs and get out .
tr	NN	" Our telephone operator just quit .
tr	NN	At least my lack of an engagement ring had made things simple in the end .
tr	NNS	The spikes were intimidating as were the flaming veins .
tr	NNS	The lonely , haunting strains of " Hotel California " filled the car .
tr	NNS	There were no tight spaces to crawl into , no fences to climb .
tr	NN	" Unbelievable , " the butcher said .
tr	NNS	Things that were now and forever out of his reach .
tr	NNS	The pangs of pain that he had experience when he first crashed had increased tenfold .
tr	NNS	They " re called the Doomsday Brethren , run clandestinely by one of the Council members , Bram Rion .
tr	NN	There is a small pond on one side of the huts , in which some ducks are swimming .
tr	NN	A warning siren goes off in my head .
tr	NN	In the morning , that baritone wasn 't so mellow .
tr	NN	Lucy 's detached gaze broke and the three of them watched through the rear window as Frank walked away .
tr	NN	In a blur the demon was lunging , a shriek emanating from it so loud and high pitched it stung my ears .
tr	NNS	A few couples rose from their tables , happily intent on moving to the music .
tr	NNS	Apparently ladies make a habit of trying to gain your house by false pretenses , and he assumed me one of those .
tr	NN	Hartley 's pulse moved out of range again .
tr	NN	That sheriff and the other two cops were in the restaurant with that lady we saw with the camera .
tr	NN	The insecurity that she was so damn good at hiding was still there .
tr	NNS	My family members and I are pretty tight .
tr	NN	Along the holly bushes next to the house a squad of tin soldiers stood guard , each as tall as a human and wrapped with multicolored lights .
tr	NNS	" Things aren 't working out between us . "
tr	NN	The pretense was I thought it would improve my track time or something like that . "
tr	NNS	" The villagers won 't know the difference . "
tr	NNS	" Where are the mines ? "
tr	NNS	Shouts and even some cheers filled the air , but they did not rush the Jedi .
tr	NNS	His instincts were too sharp , too primal , for him to think he would be able to shrug it off .
tr	NNS	" No , my hopes aren 't up . "
tr	NNS	Cadmus stood with Zeus and my father at the edge of the terrace , amid flowers and greenery and the bluest of skies .
tr	NN	" I have a contract , " the troll whined .
tr	NN	The waterfall emptied into a wide , calm area that looked like a big round pool .
tr	NN	But the payoff is huge if you can get it right . "
tr	NN	They were ragged , their clothing made of torn smocks , and showed bruises from a recent beating .
tr	NNS	There are literally millions of Mexican nationals where they 're headed .
tr	NNS	Makes sense ... " He nodded his head , his eyes glazing over a little .
tr	NNS	Freaks tested our defenses from all sides , but we didn 't let them pass .
tr	NNS	The angry black block letters were always present , though .
tr	NN	There was no greater chasm .
tr	NNS	Brisk winds have blown the rain clouds away , and the sky above is clear and blue .
tr	NN	A generous trickle of blood poured down his arm and onto the light-colored floor of the hotel room . "
tr	NNS	My cousins have had babies with birth defects , and I can 't ... I can 't handle that .
tr	NNS	As he led them toward the office , murmurs of excitement rippled through the crowd that was slow to disperse .
tr	NNS	" There 's the gangs .
tr	NNS	Other novels in the series will be forthcoming .
tr	NN	Its placing was strange enough that even this new god was momentarily confused by it .
tr	NNS	When I take a step forward , insects scurry into the corners .
tr	NNS	The media made them out to be the guilty party , and yes , she was the one who cheated .
tr	NN	Gypsy pushed through the kitchen door .
tr	NN	Karen 's instinct was to run and hide in her dusty attic .
tr	NNS	" Yes , there are risks involved , but the chances of surviving the mission are good .
tr	NNS	All the paintings agreed and hushed suddenly .
tr	NN	This slave had better watch it or he 'll end up in the arena with half a dozen lions circling him .
tr	NN	No , this strong , proud warrior could not be crying .
tr	NN	Hank being a male had very broad shoulders , unlike the females who had very broad hips .
tr	NN	Would a direct assault still be prudent or viable ?
tr	NN	It had a sketch map , the only actual map of the valley Vimes had seen .
tr	NN	Your preferential treatment ends .
tr	NNS	More scenes played before his astonished eyes .
tr	NNS	Different factors switch it on .
tr	NNS	The hallways are yellow and very loud .
tr	NNS	" But random picks of vampires from each group , " I said .
tr	NN	Part of her welcomed that option .
tr	NN	The footman waited patiently , too well trained to show any emotion .
tr	NN	" Give me your word , " the rogue rasped softly , as if unable to believe what I was offering him .
tr	NN	Even the receptionist had looked at him with sharp and investigating eyes and had demanded an advance payment .
tr	NN	Oh , the thrill as something succumbed to nothingness !
tr	NNS	One by one the specialists reported to Gumshoe and left .
tr	NN	Its giant tail sliced the water with slow side-to-side strokes .
tr	NN	The owl came winging out from around the tower and rushed him , feathers nearly iridescent .
tr	NNS	Maybe mixing pain pills and booze hadn 't been his best idea .
tr	NNS	Reyes is escaping with her .
tr	NN	In my day , the reputation of pirates is that they were bloodthirsty murderers and rapists . "
tr	NNS	And my nostrils are burning .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared as though to scent blood on the air , and even Victoria could smell the faint rust .
tr	NNS	Her losses were more bitter , more devastating , than anyone 's .
tr	NNS	Lights flashed across his face .
tr	NN	A dungeon that had gone virtually unused for centuries and now seemed to welcome a new occupant every day .
tr	NN	The cream coloured carpeted staircase to the right leads up to the bedrooms and the bathroom .
tr	NN	Now with all the hammering and polishing and fitting and sewing and weaving , the courtyard was a busy place .
tr	NN	Victor 's uncle , Arnold , was a police officer like ten years ago .
tr	NNS	Eye witnesses stated that there were armed men , who fired on the president from this position .
tr	NNS	The oranges and blues were bright , passionate .
tr	NN	Would her guilt ever subside ?
tr	NN	" If there is distance between Atman and Brahman , then there is progress still to be made .
tr	NN	The squad physically searched the ruins for clues and artifacts to study back on Earth , too .
tr	NNS	" Our characters are perfect together .
tr	NNS	Elias had stopped walking .
tr	NN	The shield would protect himself , or the stranger , but not both .
tr	NN	Every other passenger was carrying several bags of luggage and wearing casual clothes .
tr	NN	Still , there was no lack of confidence that usually came with speaking a second language ... no pause of uncertainty or flicker of embarrassment .
tr	NNS	The pork chops are here on the counter , and the baked beans are in the pot . "
tr	NN	Last spring , her yard looked like a festival .
tr	NNS	Her kisses filled me with desire .
tr	NNS	" What are the chances ? "
tr	NN	" Ok , well I will be back in a while to check on you .
tr	NN	The gate was open , a colossal iron portcullis drawn up by huge chains .
tr	NNS	The council members and Mikhail took their places .
tr	NN	Crime scene tape was strung up here and there .
tr	NN	" A spark that ignited the underground gas tank would take half the airport with it . "
tr	NN	Dropping the reigns , the rider brought his shield to the fore , slowly circling .
tr	NN	The traveler was curious .
tr	NNS	Things wouldn 't work between us , so it 's for the best he 's not around . "
tr	NN	A fierce growling drew their attention to the wasteland .
tr	NN	And then , a blurry trickle of lights occurred , and slowly , shapes formed out of the gloom .
tr	NN	their ring leader bellowed .
tr	NNS	As Daniel switched to altered flight and vanished , Quill and Lev following in his wake , the blades descended on Lily and Josh .
tr	NNS	There were more bloody prints on the doorframe .
tr	NN	' Do not worry , master elf , ' the traveler said .
tr	NNS	Of course , not all couples end up like that .
tr	NNS	Maybe Max 's cheerfulness had rubbed off on me , but I felt as though life were good .
tr	NN	The siren cut through the noise of the music as regular patrons began to panic .
tr	NNS	Lights spring up on the exterior , which is surely a good sign .
tr	NN	The bullet drilled a neat hole in the soldier 's right temple .
tr	NN	The ad was somewhat vague , what is it that you want help with ? " "
tr	NNS	Thankfully , the tests came back negative and I 'm thriving , right along with my yarn store .
tr	NNS	He weeded out crackpots and charlatans and sought out cases with some measure of verifiable proof , those rare cases substantiated by real scientists .
tr	NN	There 's my goddess . "
tr	NN	My landlord was glad to see me .
tr	NNS	Gramps smiles and sighs as if he has just completed a task on his to do list .
tr	NN	The colonel and captain were both drinking tea and had jam and toast on their plates .
tr	NNS	" Things are rapidly spinning out of control and growing worse by the minute .
tr	NN	Of course , only the best archer in the village could have done that with such accuracy .
tr	NNS	The tentacles that once held her slowly descended the great darkness hundreds of meters below them , where it was attached to its host .
tr	NNS	Apparently , a few movies and shopping trips couldn 't make up for earlier hostility .
tr	NNS	The blades sliced through his shirt and cut into his gut .
tr	NNS	Unlike the breathless corpses , the breathing zombies had their goggles and elastic hoods pulled back .
tr	NNS	The trip downstairs in the elevator was quick since I was only on the fifth floor .
tr	NN	Just another chronic alcoholic too depressed for ambition . "
tr	NN	The young ninja has finally perfected his breathing , but is still a long way from soundless movement techniques .
tr	NNS	The blues guy ? "
tr	NN	Love unlocked the front door and went inside .
tr	NNS	Listening to the tinkling of the drops the hobbits fell asleep .
tr	NNS	Three black motorcycles , accented with red piping , sat parked on the dried grass ahead .
tr	NN	The leader taps two of the guards on their brawny shoulder , and nods towards the laughing man .
tr	NNS	Others gathered outside , but none of them entered .
tr	NNS	The members of the Court 's attention soon turned from the meteor shower above to the Royal Table ; the Queen 's attendants quickly approaching .
tr	NNS	The expressions in both their eyes told her everything she needed to know .
tr	NNS	Storm breaks free of her spell then and turns to look at Officer Dan like she 's seeing him for the first time , her irises twinkling .
tr	NN	That theory had been the source of passionate struggle within him ; by its light he had been accustomed to subdue feelings and to cherish them .
tr	NN	A whistle sounded beneath the bleachers .
tr	NN	Her quitting the library was not like her .
tr	NNS	Things didn 't go so well for Washington on his way back from the French fort .
tr	NNS	Distant thumps sounded as the creatures began to beat against the gates .
tr	NN	The murderer dropped to his knees , set down his flashlight , and pulled Charlie 's body to his chest .
tr	NN	" The quarantine ward ? "
tr	NNS	The winds kept so dry I thought it would never rain . "
tr	NN	Between paying Pied Piper and having bought a dog house , dog dishes and a leash , his budget for the month was a mess .
tr	NNS	Grigori 's minions had him trapped , weighing down his every limb , his strength useless against them .
tr	NN	Ship 's challenge rang through them .
tr	NN	Part of a set Keith and I had picked out , not long before we promised death do us part .
tr	NN	the disheartened McDougal said .
tr	NNS	In the main room , members were in all states of dress , some naked , some in leather , all comfortable with themselves .
tr	NN	The goon strode toward Anna as she stumbled out of the Honda .
tr	NNS	The big rollers moved in Saturday and the amount of gambling was heavy .
tr	NNS	the duchess said irritably .
tr	NN	* * * " Tony , you shouldn 't be up here , dawn is coming . "
tr	NN	Love pulled out his wallet and retrieved a card .
tr	NN	There were several of them , each with a pile of iron cannonballs neatly stacked by their wheels , beautifully chased in cast bronze .
tr	NN	A hen was still sitting on one of the nests .
tr	NNS	Your tame rats are really upsetting people .
tr	NN	The lack of sleep and excitement were catching up on him .
tr	NNS	My tongue dips out of my mouth to caress the bite marks of days gone by on my chapped bottom lip .
tr	NNS	Agents spent months learning to be fluent in the language , learning dialects , accents , and local customs .
tr	NN	When a wrong look could get your guts spilled , reputation was everything .
tr	NNS	Low hills surrounded the small lake on two sides , the tops of which still caught the last of the day 's sunlight .
tr	NNS	Two passengers had volunteered and four were bumped by random selection .
tr	NN	The teacher is pretty and young ; her name is Mrs. Cardona .
tr	NNS	Chartres paused to salute the portrait of his uncle ; Yves followed suit .
tr	NNS	The wonderful creatures bore wings like those of a dove and glowed with an inner fire , minding one of a first glimpse of the morning sun .
tr	NN	There was the slightest hesitation before she heaved a deep sigh .
tr	NNS	Are these types of people late ?
tr	NNS	The duchess , who 'd been following the conversation with keen interest , smiled brightly .
tr	NN	" But your accent is British . "
tr	NN	After throwing a dart at the dartboard , JJ finds my eyes for a sec , then looks away .
tr	NNS	" Why are the tree frogs following us ? "
tr	NN	Her slight tremble quickly energized into spasms .
tr	NN	' I got confirmation from her husband , Chris , ' Love said .
tr	NNS	No clients mean you have more time to write .
tr	NN	Unfortunately , our Master had a habit of answering questions , and so things came out that might better have been left buried .
tr	NNS	" All the servants are preparing for tonight 's banquet . "
tr	NNS	He gave her more to watch , thrust two more inches inside her .
tr	NNS	Let 's not forget magic users are human .
tr	NNS	Even the grasses and weeds alongside of the trail had surrendered to the approaching cold and were brown dried and shriveled .
tr	NNS	Hands to his head , Pete danced from foot to foot , aching to run after her and pull her back , knowing it would be suicide .
tr	NNS	" Names , " Reacher said .
tr	NN	The stepmother didn 't see why she should spend her money on his daughter when he never spent anything on her kids .
tr	NNS	Soon two figures in train crew garb walked over carrying a box .
tr	NNS	On the field below , her classmates moved into their assigned seats .
tr	NNS	" Where are the wolves ? "
tr	NNS	Things ended up in the nursery when they had seen a complete tour of duty in the rest of the house .
tr	NN	An oak it was , old and grand .
tr	NN	the mayor called out .
tr	NN	The Don Diego ranch is one of the largest and best ranches in the upper Rio Grande valley .
tr	NN	" My Dearest Ryan ; I know I will not be here much longer , even if you don 't want to admit that to me .
tr	NNS	Flames licked the rear bumper of the Tahoe but the gas tank still didn 't explode .
tr	NNS	The ominous iron gates that had so eagerly slammed shut behind the squad shifted awkwardly on their hinges , barely staying upright .
tr	NNS	High above , planes flew and carried out attacks on the approaching Cylon army .
tr	NNS	The dinosaurs did have to be fed .
tr	NN	A tremor ran through me at my impudence , but I put voice to my thoughts .
tr	NNS	Things got pretty awkward when I saw you at your club .
tr	NNS	Soon , twenty members of Michael 's army were in the room .
tr	NNS	The shouts gradually eased , and the talk became more practical .
tr	NNS	But after two rounds of bombings in the higher elevations of the mountain , the planes have their attention .
tr	NN	The redhead walked away .
tr	NNS	" The gears of God don 't turn unless all the pieces fit right .
tr	NN	Although they could rent horses , her 1892 women 's clothing would make it hard to ride horseback .
tr	NNS	The tightness in Jane 's gut grew worse .
tr	NN	The packing tape would splice in two .
tr	NNS	My grandparents sat and faced us .
tr	NN	What was Ferry going to do with it ?
tr	NN	" The ranger will talk you through all that .
tr	NN	After what seemed like an eternity , the laptop finally booted .
tr	NN	That crummy studio is all Roy - all I 've got .
tr	NN	She made circles with her hands , amber vines forming a web of frozen sunlight .
tr	NN	" Our government is corrupt .
tr	NN	A balcony spanned the entire length of the second floor .
tr	NN	The telephone network of University Hospital was more complicated than human anatomy .
tr	NN	Part of me needed to know she still wanted me , scars and all .
tr	NNS	The edges were round , the surfaces shiny and reflective .
tr	NN	But apparently his subconscious hadn 't .
tr	NN	" The status of those unfortunate individuals is now officially missing .
tr	NNS	Two vending machine-like attendants rolled in on their tracks , each suited in a white protective sleeve .
tr	NN	The lack of physical stress allowed feelings of euphoria and omnipotence to take precedence , inspiring false courage and confidence .
tr	NNS	Flames and sparks gently rose and the wood crackled in the heat , ' What 's the plan ? '
tr	NNS	Our readers are dying to learn more about you .
tr	NN	A hawk screamed ominously from a nearby ledge .
tr	NNS	Their weddings were spontaneous , to say the least .
tr	NN	I didn 't know what he meant at first , thought he was talking about the soup , which didn 't make any sense .
tr	NNS	In truth , the newspapers had talked about the possible increase in tumors in the near future .
tr	NNS	His teachers haven 't heard from him , just as they told Mrs. Bowen .
tr	NN	I ... er , just didn 't do a very good job of it .
tr	NNS	" No one injured is going to fight .
tr	NN	Every goddamn miniscule problem that they could probably handle all on their own , if Holly would just let them .
tr	NNS	Others of my order would be able to accomplish the feat sooner .
tr	NNS	The twins exchanged mutual shrugs of confusion .
tr	NNS	Your actions , and sometimes lack of actions , led to women feeling terrible about themselves ?
tr	NNS	" Crew members who think sinking would be better than serving me . '
tr	NNS	Their efforts to thwart him were insignificant , and had come too late as well .
tr	NN	Her womb contracted , set up a throbbing ache .
tr	NNS	Our fathers are both in the parliamentary cabinet of the prime minister .
tr	NNS	First , the changes were likely permanent and they affected every part of his body .
tr	NN	The absurdity of that imagined scene , though , hadn 't kept me from adding them to my professional stash of emergency goods .
tr	NNS	Parts of it beautiful , like the gardens and the music ; a great deal of it depressing , like the poverty and the cripples . "
tr	NN	There was a convertible parked in the driveway , top down .
tr	NN	" Who 's the thief ? "
tr	NN	Not that they found talking to me exciting , but their pent up energy needed some release , and tormenting me was one way to do that .
tr	NN	" That reasoning completely escapes me . "
tr	NN	A cold dread came over me .
tr	NN	Unlike the paper targets she 'd used before , this range was full of swiveling metal that made clanging noises when hit .
tr	NNS	The remaining shots of whiskey found no resistance .
tr	NNS	The aunts had prepared her for any trouble , it seemed , and more than ever she was determined to bring their bodies home .
tr	NNS	" It is not far , " Renault said , the first drops of rain from the dark clouds began to fall .
tr	NN	The reasoning eluded Nicolas , but he had no option other than to accept the ending she seemed hell bent on .
tr	NNS	Their blades clashed , sparks flew and the two pushed each other sword to sword .
tr	NN	" So anyway , that discovery made us look at you completely different .
tr	NNS	Thoughts start running through my head .
tr	NNS	In a matter of minutes , only shimmers of emerald fire remained .
tr	NN	The haze in my vision was slowly disappearing .
tr	NN	Her determination to correct her wrongs overrode her fears .
tr	NNS	Two witnesses put you in the vicinity at the time of the murder , and the vicinity is not exactly a busy street corner .
tr	NNS	There were the images of the abandoned sofa , the dogs racing beside the SUV , the joggers ' shoe prints , the expanse of the desert .
tr	NNS	Phoenix 's drums suddenly burst through the apartment in random thuds and thumps of energy .
tr	NNS	The classes , as a whole , weren 't too bad .
tr	NN	The lamp clicked on , and I noticed his hand trembling when he removed it from the switch .
tr	NN	His first inclination was to blame it on his mistrust of the government .
tr	NN	A rustle sounded behind him .
tr	NNS	" Old movies , " Indie guessed .
tr	NNS	There weren 't any actual seats - just the tall bar tables where people half stood and half danced the night away .
tr	NNS	Well , believe me , there are mansions and mansions and they can 't all be explored at once .
tr	NNS	Jets were unable to fly too low or too close to buildings .
tr	NNS	The fumes touched her eyes and made her take a couple of steps back .
tr	NN	His sister 's body language screamed tension .
tr	NNS	Things are about to get really awkward and uncomfortable , for me at least .
tr	NNS	When I first saw him , dolphins were helping him to shore .
tr	NN	The sun was past its peak and the day was too hot , the discomfort mitigated by a westerly breeze .
tr	NN	There was no sweeter fragrance than the smell of smoke .
tr	NNS	" Only our ancestors knew the way . "
tr	NNS	There were security cameras sweeping the bay .
tr	NNS	Two members of the hotel security team rushed toward Noah .
tr	NNS	" The servants have been in all morning , discussing plans for the feast .
tr	NN	The back ramp lowered , the gaping hole revealing the runway .
tr	NNS	The locks on the apartment door didn 't work and the superintendent ignored my requests to fix it .
tr	NN	The cowboy tipped his hat .
tr	NNS	Nor did the smirks , quickly hidden behind hands , of the other Singles IIs .
tr	NNS	Alexis theorized that every empire that rose was subject to fall .
tr	NNS	More blue discs appear and form a dome around me .
tr	NN	The guilt and pain were tearing me apart .
tr	NNS	Two inches higher , and the man would be living with Luce in hell instead of having to swim for miles to safety .
tr	NNS	At a time like this , actions are just about the only things you can control . "
tr	NN	That particular route was too close to the dog for comfort , but with all its obstacles the yard was a maze .
tr	NN	The slug was the size of a nickel though , so I pushed it into the slot of the meter .
tr	NN	Link splashed some water on his face with one hand .
tr	NN	A pink thong was indeed better than witch fatigues , and most definitely better than a demon jumpsuit .
tr	NNS	There were no signs of any other thing being touched in the entire house .
tr	NNS	" Why do the higher authorities you always speak of allow this evil race to destroy other peaceful civilizations ? "
tr	NN	Last Battle , The : ( Also see Final Battle ) This was the last stand by the Federation Alliance against the Far Federation .
tr	NN	The strong stench was almost recognizable , though he couldn 't quite place it .
tr	NNS	" Cars and trucks are useful . "
tr	NN	The executive extended a hand and smiled .
tr	NN	A curl fell across his forehead .
tr	NN	The soundboard booth was the smallest besides the voice recording booth but it was the only one with an air conditioner to keep the expensive equipment cool .
tr	NN	The guilt was my strongest reminder of what I needed to do .
tr	NN	" Get out , " an angel told me , flaming sword and all .
tr	NN	After another bend in the walkway , the unit found itself at the protective door to the twenties ' turret .
tr	NN	A more rational explanation might be that she was a genetic anomaly , a human tolerant of his touch .
tr	NNS	Girls start screaming , guys start hollering and I can 't help but smile .
tr	NNS	A heartbeat later , the blades arched and danced through the air .
tr	NN	" What exactly did the dragon say ? "
tr	NN	Who knows , in another 2,000 years the reverse could be true . "
tr	NNS	" The vamps think you committed a crime against them . "
tr	NN	Ghost didn 't argue .
tr	NNS	Those two instincts went to battle against each other as the great vicious she-wolf charged toward him .
tr	NNS	The jaws began to close down on him .
tr	NNS	Dauntless traitors also run past us , though they are less frantic than the Erudite .
tr	NN	Nick 's scowl deepened .
tr	NNS	What if the first letters stood for names ?
tr	NNS	The losses never stopped hurting .
tr	NN	There was a map of Mississippi with an inset for Jackson .
tr	NN	The slightly sweet , creamy liquid of the coconut hit my tongue in a burst of flavor .
tr	NN	Emma 's theory terrified me .
tr	NNS	Up in the high west corner of the clearing two dark spots began to appear .
tr	NNS	Fallen grapes fermenting in the sun gave off the essence of sweet red wine .
tr	NN	" You 'll think of something , " the angel said with increasing weariness .
tr	NNS	Chess kept looking at her .
tr	NN	Love , wake now .
tr	NN	Sage 's secretary was sitting at her desk , pruning her fingernails .
tr	NN	My manly physique ? "
tr	NN	" The lightning bolt guy ? "
tr	NN	Your shield must be more powerful than I thought if it 's giving you the ability to use magic . "
tr	NN	The bitch kept saying she was sorry to her boyfriend , begging him not to leave her .
tr	NN	Would any policeman have done just as well ?
tr	NN	" What 's the status ? "
tr	NN	" There was a robbery -- Prohibition Era -- a guy robbed a bank , and while he was trying to get away he himself was robbed .
tr	NNS	' What were the other items ? '
tr	NN	The pilot was holding a pair of headphones , looking expectantly at me .
tr	NNS	" No good sentences ever include the word ' should . '
tr	NNS	A few quick thrusts inside her , and Eric would be satisfied .
tr	NNS	His kisses scorched her skin and she moaned in pleasure .
tr	NN	A grimace formed on her face and quick tears came to her eyes as his heel hit a particularly sensitive spot .
tr	NNS	There were no outward , visible signs that there was anything for them to be wary of , just the contrary in fact .
tr	NN	Its black fur shimmered in the early morning light .
tr	NNS	Others high-fived each other .
tr	NNS	' Two bars make a square , two squares make a half and two halves make a block . '
tr	NN	Flutterby found that she got her banner lettered with less than half a tube of green .
tr	NNS	My classes had told me of these facts .
tr	NNS	After all , what were the chances that the new guy was going to ask me for directions and then immediately decide to kill me ?
tr	NNS	But as hot as it gets here in summer , those rocky peaks retain plenty of heat throughout the night . "
tr	NN	The décor indicated that it was a child 's bedroom ; a boy , from the looks of it .
tr	NNS	Her instincts told her that something worse than Murdoch awaited them there .
tr	NN	The look Louisa gave him was anything but polite .
tr	NNS	Costas was already inside : the Bastian Council member was inspecting the contents of the silver cases .
tr	NN	But Song is also this entire country .
tr	NNS	- - - The stalls are like cages .
tr	NNS	Chills sped down Katherine 's spine as the tension between her and Kylie filled the room .
tr	NNS	The posters of rock stars and screen idols .
tr	NN	There was no other option .
tr	NNS	The Dauntless leaders and I want to see if knowing your fears before you begin training will better prepare you for the rest of initiation .
tr	NN	A second thunderous chorus brought the confused young man to his senses .
tr	NN	" Tell me , Master Scribe , how does a rogue employ the services of one such as yourself ?
tr	NNS	There were other explanations .
tr	NNS	The facts are all there and those won 't change . "
tr	NNS	Skyler 's eyelids were drooping .
tr	NNS	Three werewolves greeted me when I pulled the last of the covers off my face , none of them familiar .
tr	NN	There 's a hidden agenda there somewhere .
tr	NN	" Little snack before dinner never hurt anyone .
tr	NNS	Large , seventy-two inch monitors hung on the walls of the command post , displaying information from around the world .
tr	NNS	Climbing over the railing , down the rope ladder and into the row boat , Diana rows as Marie and Blue Cloud sit in the boat .
tr	NNS	There were a hundred different courts with a hundred different little ' Lord Rulers ' in the empire , each region having its own political dynamic . "
tr	NN	That tribe likes to send their soon-to-be warriors out on a mission to prove their manhood .
tr	NN	A rustle of papers signaled she had set her notes aside .
tr	NN	The armory also shared a wall with the offices directly across from where the fire was currently confined .
tr	NNS	More than that , the other elves had appeared and were following their leader , none of them looking older than fifteen or sixteen .
tr	NNS	Exactly thirty minutes later the two squabbling idiots suddenly stopped .
tr	NNS	There were rows of custom made suits , stark white shirts , expensive ties , and way too many dress shoes .
tr	NN	The rider paused , finally speaking , " What ?
tr	NN	Arianna 's hand clutched tighter around his , a tremor worked its way through her .
tr	NNS	Behind him the subtly concealed security monitors turned politely toward his profile and then moved on , not yet alarmed .
tr	NN	Street fighter against princess always ended with the princess being destroyed .
tr	NNS	Surely the members of the Council wouldn 't pass a sentence of death on their own brother .
tr	NNS	The hired staff members did under orders of me .
tr	NN	" No offense " - he motions to the cameraman - " but I want to keep it that way .
tr	NN	When strange Shifters found themselves thrown together in a tight space , the natural instinct was to go into a dominance battle .
tr	NN	His warning growl was the essence of deliciousness .
tr	NNS	There were ten monitors placed in and around his desk , all providing live feeds from within the museum .
tr	NNS	" Her defensive skills and physical contact need fine tuning .
tr	NN	Complete Death of a Salesman tragic .
tr	NNS	Things ... have been going bad lately . "
tr	NNS	Those same servants then brought out enough food to feed everyone twice over despite Gretchen and I being the only humans .
tr	NN	A hoard of birds flowed through the windows with a thunderous rustling sound and perched themselves on the rafters beneath the high , cavernous ceiling .
tr	NN	Now master what do you want to start on today ? "
tr	NN	" What particular activity does your government perceive as threatening , Ambassador ? "
tr	NNS	Others claimed he made a deal with the wraiths .
tr	NN	' Er ... yes , ' the secretary replied cautiously .
tr	NNS	The media attended the circus of the game and I even made it on to the TV , throwing a touchdown pass to Tuck .
tr	NN	The canoe slammed into the beach .
tr	NN	Now his uncle told him why but ingrained ideas were hard to lose .
tr	NN	Then just as he was about to give up hope , a click on the other end and the familiar voice of Tuck answered .
tr	NN	His friendly , almost jolly personality was the ultimate weapon because it allowed him to get close enough to touch .
tr	NN	" Syd , the nurses will be pissed , " his mate said .
tr	NNS	Around him , warriors shouted and cried out to the heavens and he did the same .
tr	NN	Link grabbed her arm before she had the chance to run .
tr	NNS	There were some serious fireworks hidden inside Brielle , and she 'd just ignited his curiosity - and that wasn 't all she 'd ignited .
tr	NN	A smal gold charm dangled from the end of the chain .
tr	NN	Where there 's money , there 's never a lack of researchers ready and willing to spend it , no matter how bizarre the subject matter .
tr	NN	The maid nodded and mumbled something inaudible .
tr	NN	The messenger 's scar no longer crinkled as the sycophantic smile slid from his face .
tr	NNS	Others surrendered when they realized they could not win the battle .
tr	NNS	Warm air blowing was better than no air .
tr	NNS	But the whores in th ' Warren don 't earn much of a livin ' , no matter ' ow good they are .
tr	NNS	Our supplies were fair dwindling ; I 'd have to steal more soon .
tr	NN	But this technique focuses on the person more than the place , so I think I could find you anywhere . "
tr	NN	The venom in his voice caused me to shiver .
tr	NNS	Curly locks of red hair fell around her temples and brushed her wrists .
tr	NNS	Maks moved to Anastasia and wrapped her in one of the sheets .
tr	NN	Our escort had reached it before us and flushed a small group of Protectors who had retreated there .
tr	NN	Then the shrieking fades .
tr	NN	The celebration ended early so that everyone would be rested for the wedding festivities .
tr	NN	Now that Pierce had the original to compare it to , his initial assessment of his own uniform was terribly accurate .
tr	NN	The whirling red rope flickered in and out of existence above the giant spoon .
tr	NNS	Things are stable here on Mars .
tr	NN	There was no gas to be had .
tr	NN	Sometimes interpreted as a warning of stress related illness , such as ulcers .
tr	NN	The click of the closing door followed .
tr	NNS	Her mother 's sobs obviously disturbed her , but she led him to a phone list on the fridge before slipping away .
tr	NN	He practical y bounced .
tr	NN	" An oracle sees into the past and the possibility in the future , but it 's not set in stone .
tr	NN	The clamor of the crowds intensified .
tr	NNS	Looks like he 's turning his life around . "
tr	NNS	Two different directions ninety degrees apart .
tr	NNS	" Things went well .
tr	NN	The iron brace , though perfectly located , was not comfortable .
tr	NNS	With a flourish , Jenna flings back the curtain .
tr	NN	The air conditioning was working perfectly , so the heat had to be more of a psychological thing .
tr	NNS	Still , the images stay with me .
tr	NNS	Two seconds later , tiny pricks of freezing water struck my face , arms , and pierced my clothing .
tr	NN	" I wouldn 't even want to try to make a guess , My Lord , " the commander replied .
tr	NN	Tammie 's grandmother watches her daughter leave and hears her granddaughter 's cries .
tr	NN	The quick injection of concern almost tripped Emily into spilling her own worries about Hannah 's situation .
tr	NN	A single raft inched across the water , bucking and turning as it made the treacherous crossing with a wagon .
tr	NNS	Instantly , the coils loosened as the monster reared up , screaming this time .
tr	NNS	Cooper inhales and the next thing I know we fall to the bed and I 'm pinned under him .
tr	NNS	The cushions felt simultaneously soft and firm and his body settled comfortably .
tr	NNS	Writing tickets was the least favorite aspect of her job , but a necessary one .
tr	NNS	Jewels glittered and each tux in the theater no doubt represented every famous Mortal Earth or Second designer in two dimensions .
tr	NNS	The chandeliers from above shimmered candlelight from their perches .
tr	NNS	The werewolves drew in breath sharply , collectively , like a single quiet scream .
tr	NN	The briefcase was empty , so I didn 't need to bring it anymore .
tr	NN	A lush , expert stroke took her to the edge .
tr	NNS	Things were not as they seemed .
tr	NN	The creation that you are carrying and are willing to welcome into this plane will accomplish things that others couldn 't even imagine .
tr	NNS	As expected , the footsteps came to their chamber and , since it hadn 't been shut completely in their haste , the door swung open .
tr	NN	Fire and ice in operatic proportions filled the evening as the magician fought and vanquished each of his imaginary foes .
tr	NN	The coughing started after he left the plant , and he needed to call Randall .
tr	NNS	The dream 's fuzzy edges were still teasing me .
tr	NNS	A flurry of sounds came through the door , footsteps sped up , whispers turned up in volume .
tr	NN	Dante , the star football player and know-it-all clocked by his sister .
tr	NNS	Soft thuds hit the floor behind me .
tr	NN	Then the market fell out , so here I am . "
tr	NNS	As I focused on Jack again , his fluid movements caused sensations in me I couldn 't hide .
tr	NNS	The contents of the room faded .
tr	NN	A quick scuttle backwards would make me awfully happy but I couldn 't leave her and I didn 't dare put my hand in to grab her .
tr	NNS	" Business meetings , " she replied , keeping her tone very neutral .
tr	NN	' My dear fellow I never would have permitted the journey if I 'd suspected there 'd be danger . '
tr	NN	My first instinct was to tell the douchebag , as I was now calling him , to go shove it and get my attorney for me now .
tr	NNS	The virgins didn 't stand a chance . "
tr	NN	With these last words the captain turned to escort them to the boat , which awaited them .
tr	NN	Of equal misfortune is the fact that Jay was starting to dream about this woman a lot more these days .
tr	NN	There was a purity in his voice , a whisper of black velvet .
tr	NNS	She was still standing in the doorway , watching us , a faceless silhouette .
tr	NN	" Grand Master , " the brown-haired werewolf dipped his head respectfully to Weldon Harper .
tr	NN	The Jeep sped higher , gaining ground , skipping around boulders with deft turns of his wrist .
tr	NN	The defense is over here . "
tr	NN	That method might work for the rest of the women in the world , but Jennifer continued to disbelieve it .
tr	NNS	Things that might be important later on have a way of winding up on the dust heap when you clean .
tr	NN	Then pandemonium broke out .
tr	NN	" But the redemption must be genuine .
tr	NNS	If her mother was still in love with the guy , chances were he 'd be back in her life anyway .
tr	NNS	Sadly , with those fears came others , as if she 'd opened a doorway in her mind and placed a welcome mat out front .
tr	NNS	In some ways , the various arctic creatures we 'd encountered in the blight met this description .
tr	NN	The cowboy was going to be very , very surprised .
tr	NN	If the beast was going to be too strong for the man in him to control , then madness could take him then .
tr	NN	Jazz supposed they were lucky the waiters actually could sing .
tr	NN	As he was swinging down to the lower chair , hanging in space , the hook broke .
tr	NNS	Not that the other campers didn 't accept her .
tr	NN	The gentleman said something to her , and Louisa laughed .
tr	NN	" Because your grandmother is sick and wants to see you .
tr	NNS	The edges are curled and the pages are dusty , but these are the same papers Orion holds on the screen .
tr	NNS	Some members of the occupation forces dealt not only in cigarettes , but also in coffee , sugar and gasoline purloined from Army stores .
tr	NN	The tremor that rolled through her body became mine .
tr	NN	A soldier 's first loyalty should always be to his comrades .
tr	NNS	But the illustrations were so wonderfully intricate you could get lost just trying to follow the patterns of elongated and intertwining animals and plants .
tr	NN	The challenge in his words reverberated through every last cell in her body despite how softly he 'd uttered them .
tr	NN	More importantly , even if they could build it , such a monstrosity won 't touch us .
tr	NNS	A winged Mercedes rumbles past in the distant sky and vanishes in a muffled sonic boom .
tr	NN	Tension and indecision tightened the muscles at the back of her neck into a knot .
tr	NN	The tip he 'd just received from one of his watchers had been fast and frightened .
tr	NNS	Tissue cells reorient themselves to be useful in other ways to the body 's functions .
tr	NN	Part of the rim was charred and black , apparently a segment of the meteorite 's outer skin .
tr	NNS	The bottom cabinets of the gun case were open too .
tr	NN	And the stench was terrible .
tr	NN	My shield crackles and bursts as I fight my way through to an elevator shaft , force it open and drop through .
tr	NN	Aside from being large enough to fill the doorway , the headstone was the same .
tr	NN	The roof outline in the dark resembled what he had seen of fire towers , but this one was a pygmy .
tr	NNS	" My experiments are to determine if that concept is actually possible . "
tr	NN	The teacher looks our way so we go back to reading until the bell rings .
tr	NN	" We need to seal this area off and - " A loud crash startled us .
tr	NNS	By their nature captains were independent - mindful of their own crew , uncaring about anyone else 's .
tr	NN	History relates something of the spirit of the place and sets the frame for observing the place . '
tr	NNS	Why , in your Infirmary , are nurses on strike ?
tr	NNS	His instincts said to be cautious .
tr	NN	" Part of me thinks you should get out more .
tr	NNS	" There are no buts , Lily .
tr	NNS	For a few seconds , before their eyes were adjusted , the gaps between them ceased .
tr	NNS	How many levels of consciousness were there ?
tr	NN	What was her agenda ?
tr	NNS	The screens went black .
tr	NNS	There are rats here , Lucian .
tr	NN	" Oh , yes , General , " the lady dragon crowed .
tr	NN	The werewolf scooped up the president 's laptop , ripped the plane 's door open , and dove into the night sky .
tr	NNS	There was a hair dryer and some makeup , but much better brands than what she was used to .
tr	NN	And his present rank was at the top of the scale .
tr	NNS	" My clients can 't have done something in Illinois when they were in California all day .
tr	NNS	Duncan 's feverish kisses slowed , but didn 't stop .
tr	NN	Despair , mingled with sadness and lack of home entered Kae 's mind through his separated self .
tr	NN	The healer was not the only villager to tell the story of this wandering woman but hers was the version he believed .
tr	NNS	Rand 's sobs were no longer audible .
tr	NNS	Large display cabinets lined the sales counter and contained doll supplies : paints , brushes , patterns , and books .
tr	NNS	His eyelids were heavy .
tr	NNS	Things were crawling over her hand and she wiped it on her shirt .
tr	NNS	Things that involved them on a closet floor .
tr	NN	Ice cream makes everything better . "
tr	NN	The thirty-eight Hank had given me was digging hard into my leg .
tr	NN	Then another model came out behind her , and another behind her .
tr	NNS	" Questions , please ? "
tr	NN	There was a soft click .
tr	NNS	Looks like it ´ s close and how close exactly ?
tr	NN	Part of me was screaming in disgusted horror , but survival instinct trumped everything else .
tr	NNS	The two nuns glanced at each other before striding towards the Mother Superior .
tr	NN	Like I was doing them a favor .
tr	NN	Still , there was something spooky about the fact that it really could be Ali .
tr	NN	" The minister and I have just been discussing your patient " the administrator continued .
tr	NN	The gown was indigo , almost black in the night .
tr	NNS	Even my siblings were on my case about it .
tr	NNS	Others found accommodations on the stony ground , or piles of bones , or anywhere they could .
tr	NNS	Josh 's dilated pupils constricted into pinpoints as comprehension replaced confusion and terror .
tr	NN	The sculpture was of a man crouched down , leaning on his sword and bowing his head low towards his feet .
tr	NNS	" The apartments off Highway Ninety . "
tr	NNS	The warriors were on the outermost ring , the first to face danger , willing to die protecting their kin .
tr	NNS	Bugs rushed inside , Brock shoulder to shoulder with him .
tr	NNS	Most species do their own evolving , making it up as they go along , which is the way Nature intended .
tr	NN	" Happy birthday , Melissa , " Sir said .
tr	NNS	Glancing into the living room , only two crumpled paper napkins and a depleted plate of brownies attested that anyone else had ever been there .
tr	NNS	Cassius was overreacting , at least in my opinion .
tr	NNS	The door slams shut behind me .
tr	NN	The honeymoon was over .
tr	NN	Not the most polite greeting but Sloane didn 't give a damn .
tr	NN	An emergency page pulls me from my immobility , but I haven 't quite engaged and instead find myself moving robotically toward the emergency room .
tr	NNS	All free Lights will attempt to be here .
tr	NNS	The expressions on their faces told the lawyer that they were intrigued to hear what he had to say .
tr	NNS	Lights blue and red flashed all around them .
tr	NNS	Others are often frightening in their threats of violence or proud proclamations of despicable deeds .
tr	NNS	There are also instances that they would just look and smile at each other and they would already know what would that mean .
tr	NN	The troll trembled as she whipped the knife over the wraith 's veins at the wrist .
tr	NNS	Those chains were really not going to budge on my time .
tr	NNS	The four couples who partnered on the Cruz ranch stood among the tables and chairs in the restaurant 's seating section .
tr	NNS	The negotiations had gone on too long , so they weren 't the enemy anymore .
tr	NN	Much like electricity which is invisibly generated in the air around us by the movement of electrons and protons , this psychic imprint remains in the atmosphere .
tr	NNS	Now that I was thirty , calories were no longer burning themselves off quite so easily .
tr	NNS	Maybe , just maybe , those fairy tales were true .
tr	NN	The fat fellow looked around nervously , then spoke in a quiet voice .
tr	NN	The Spacer government had banned New Law robots on the mainland .
tr	NN	" From above , the peak this base is under looks the same as any other doesn 't it ? "
tr	NN	There was no option to take another .
tr	NNS	The figures waited in silence .
tr	NN	The crocodile has let go of her , and I feel relieved and excited .
tr	NNS	Such networks didn 't exist , and might even be theoretically impossible .
tr	NNS	Vin glared up at him , the effects of the Lord Ruler 's Soothing weaker now .
tr	NN	Her pulse didn 't quicken , nor did anything flutter in her belly .
tr	NNS	His heat goggles picked Mickey up close to where Neil had his fallback position .
tr	NNS	Its guardians are a tribe of crimson red hair islanders .
tr	NN	Then a command was shouted and they tried to retreat en masse .
tr	NNS	Words became jumbled in between , but no doubt they were on the same page .
tr	NN	The hawk screamed again in rage and attacked , catching her hair this time , its talons tugging painfully .
tr	NN	The captain turned back to Pugsley whom gestured with his finger toward the door .
tr	NN	Your Grandma called and told us you wasn 't .
tr	NN	The referee called the start and the jury stooped to watch for hits .
tr	NNS	Aurelius , can you check the blood 's DNA ? "
tr	NNS	Marius scowled at Dormer .
tr	NN	" This , Kate , is what makes the house a safe house , " my grandmother said .
tr	NNS	There are no ghosts in that corridor , just small scenes from the past .
tr	NNS	The wave movements made no sense to him : it was proving almost impossible to judge how to navigate in these waters .
tr	NN	Rusty 's aura glowed with the color of smug .
tr	NN	There was a soft clearing of a throat behind us , and Jason and I turned together .
tr	NN	" I mean , what the fuck is that accent about anyway ?
tr	NNS	There were tall spires and columns that stretched into the sky as though they were the legs of dark guardians from a long and forgotten era .
tr	NN	" A tour of this room is the least I 'll give you . "
tr	NN	Every single warrior knew he had been right and now he was not there .
tr	NNS	Others do it because it gives them answers to their questions ... or so they think .
tr	NNS	Depending on which way the sun hit her , the locks were golden , sometimes russet , lighter and darker .
tr	NN	The dragon hissed in annoyance , " I want to be left alone !
tr	NNS	The afternoon temperatures were pleasant .
tr	NN	" The pup is not that big !
tr	NNS	Looks like I 'm ' creative ' after all ... " I shoved him away playfully , " That 's still not fair !
tr	NNS	Things couldn 't possibly get -- No .
tr	NN	A tall bookcase occupied the right wall , loaded with books , journals , and papers .
tr	NNS	Two rats scurrying near trash cans sat up on their hind legs , motionless , waiting expectantly .
tr	NN	No , the audience was waiting and he was the one they wanted to see .
tr	NNS	The huts also served to shield us from dust and insects in the desert .
tr	NN	The next hot relationship theory that comes out can decrease your sales to zip in a matter of months .
tr	NNS	Soft , feathery strands of her hair brushed my arm , making my skin prickle and my heart pound .
tr	NNS	His credentials did appear immaculate . '
tr	NNS	Cars and trucks were sitting in the parking lot .
tr	NNS	His eyelids were drooping but he managed to shower before falling across his bed and into the comforting arms of Morpheus .
tr	NNS	As the silence lengthened , my eyelids drooped and shut , and my breathing grew slower , more even .
tr	NN	There 's a large dent in the bumper that wasn 't there when he left and a scratch on the corner of the fender .
tr	NNS	Dead warriors lay all around the battlefield from both tribes .
tr	NN	By the time the private investigator left that afternoon they had a solid plan of action , one that would require that they now involve Melanie .
tr	NNS	The movements are flowing and easy , soon taking my whole body with them .
tr	NN	" Maybe the strange aura is just part of the whole allergy to the sun thing . "
tr	NNS	" So , " I twist the top off my water bottle , " How were finals ? "
tr	NNS	Chartres was not the only one to torment the creatures with oranges , or stones .
tr	NN	The uncertainty fades as Sean kisses me back .
tr	NNS	The instant I 'd had sex , the strings were there .
tr	NNS	There are also many street name signs in French .
tr	NN	" The eve is young .
tr	NN	Seizing her neck between my hands , my first instinct was to snap it in two .
tr	NNS	The elves that surrounded Echo clung to their horses ' backs , their hair whipping around their faces like wild flames .
tr	NN	His light chuckle brought forth a resounding giggle from her as she pictured him drooling beside her on the couch .
tr	NN	Way to go , Beauregard .
tr	NNS	Our reservations are at seven . "
tr	NN	An elder carries the spirit of a people from one generation to the other .
tr	NNS	There were footsteps outside the door .
tr	NN	The maid was wringing her hands , grief and fear both twisting her face as she stared at her mistress .
tr	NN	There was even a white sedan parked behind the van .
tr	NNS	Even more amazing creatures walked by , but were too numerous to even name here and now .
tr	NN	As was the clothing , and the rest of the body .
tr	NN	What if there was an intruder ?
tr	NN	" Where else does the heroine of a fairy tale belong but in a palace ? "
tr	NN	All but a faint bump of the statues ' noses had survived centuries of erosion .
tr	NN	Calvin 's appeal grew .
tr	NN	Every birthday of mine that passed marked another year closer to finding Faith . "
tr	NNS	Kali 's math skills had come a long way since then .
tr	NNS	There were spots of red on her plunging neckline too .
tr	NNS	Lots of them , woven in and around one another .
tr	NNS	Others continued giving their best in spite of it .
tr	NN	" And the mayor also would like to commend all of you for your cooperation in putting out the ring of fire . "
tr	NN	But my sister-in-law , Miss Nancy , is so practical , and she takes care of everything .
tr	NN	The central churning kept the rest of the surface rippling vigorously .
tr	NN	The cancer of the ghetto had since crept in .
tr	NN	The receptionist looked at him , smiled , and whispered , " Best of luck " .
tr	NN	Storm thinks he may have picked up a scent .
tr	NN	Did the Guild cause that blast out in Utah ? "
tr	NNS	Girls like her never listened to freaks like me .
tr	NN	Back in 13 , Peeta 's rehabilitation continues .
tr	NN	Instead , her strong personality seemed to eclipse them .
tr	NN	Simple question , but vague , I know .
tr	NNS	Cars dotted the asphalt at regular intervals .
tr	NN	And how had that video gotten online anyway ?
tr	NNS	" Where are the crystal chandeliers in the lobby ?
tr	NN	Her correct assessment threw him off .
tr	NN	" My goal in life was to rule my tiny , elite world , so I did .
tr	NNS	In reality , his actions were too fast for the human eye to keep up with .
tr	NNS	There were only two seats , side by side , covered in black leather , large and heavily padded .
tr	NNS	Aurelius did the same , and he offered a smile with the kiss .
tr	NN	A high magical environment could be useful , sometimes .
tr	NNS	" The movements , the attacks , the areas , they were all precise . "
tr	NNS	" No worries , " I reply , like it was nothing , as if it was no big deal he almost ripped into my throat .
tr	NN	The staircase is old and slightly sways under the pressure of our weight as we make our way up it .
tr	NN	The factory would also show Lynn what was really going on .
tr	NNS	The fans , mostly girls , snickered softly whenever she was hit or fell .
tr	NNS	Instead there were endless rows of cabins .
tr	NN	So his secretary let me into his office and I sat in front of him while he finished up some call on the telephone .
tr	NN	The exceptionally old priest hobbles into view , palming nearby objects for balance as he seeks to ascertain the meaning of the commotion .
tr	NN	Thinking of Danika caused his stomach to knot .
tr	NNS	" And the other tests , what did they show ? "
tr	NNS	The contents of the yard hid Butch and Demon from view .
tr	NNS	My fingernails never lost their paint when I changed , because my hands stayed the same .
tr	NNS	The wipers scraped back and forth over fractured glass .
tr	NN	" But my sin is greater than yours and I haven 't even finished committing it yet .
tr	NNS	Lots of things she used to say were just to shock me , I think , or to make herself look mysterious and glamorous .
tr	NN	The iron needed water so Theo rushed to the kitchen , the plug rattling along the floor behind him .
tr	NN	" The bastard jilted you . "
tr	NNS	Things with me seem to be good - I 'm definitely making progress on becoming a true California girl .
tr	NN	A very kind MI6 gentleman arranged the passports at the Saint Petersburg Consulate .
tr	NNS	But his movements were slow and exaggerated .
tr	NNS	Dazed expressions , carved faces .
tr	NNS	, that she even realized her surroundings had changed .
tr	NNS	Summers begins sending email from his tablet .
tr	NNS	The burns on his neck , wrists , and ankles were a dull ugly red .
tr	NNS	Things happen to me , not the other way around ! ' '
tr	NN	The shield was getting weaker , and it wasn 't going to hold for much longer .
tr	NNS	Aurelius leaned down , resting his cheek on my hair .
tr	NNS	Leslie sobs grew quieter and quieter until they faded into silence and we heard nothing , but the soft chatter of passengers around us .
tr	NNS	A minute later , the sails began to flap and the fog started to disappear almost as fast as it had arrived .
tr	NNS	Paper napkins came next .
tr	NNS	" All those Tisch classes must be paying off . "
tr	NN	Jazz followed the signs to baggage claim .
tr	NNS	The ripples on its surface were still .
tr	NNS	Others seemed to be taken from some foreign or historic ritual she didn 't recognize .
tr	NNS	The drunks in back waved whenever one of the ships went by , but the waves were never returned .
tr	NN	The Keep he could handle .
tr	NNS	" It is not an offer , but a necessity , " al ' Thor said .
tr	NN	The African hunter turned his knife back and forth .
tr	NN	" Fucking mother fucker just grabbed another one not two minutes from here .
tr	NNS	Bare overhead bulbs illuminated the fragments .
tr	NNS	The facts of today didn 't support it , but he also knew that most historical testimony was grounded in some form of truth .
tr	NNS	Those classes do nothing to help you .
tr	NNS	On cue , raindrops sounded on the tin roof and Eve glanced up , grimacing .
tr	NNS	Things will return to normal and you guys will be able to get on with your lives . "
tr	NN	If she ran out , his vampire " tribe " would all be out there waiting for her .
tr	NN	The dragon sat down and licked its paw like a cat .
tr	NN	Your uncle has been requesting weekly reports .
tr	NNS	The surroundings are hard for me to deal with . "
tr	NN	" Best damned pilot in the whole damned world thinking her gauges are grapefruits . "
tr	NNS	Things settled into a routine after that .
tr	NNS	Cadmus wiped a tear from my cheek that I hadn 't even known that I had shed before he leaned over and kissed it .
tr	NNS	Sirens approached and cut off .
tr	NN	Part of me wants to see if he 's the real deal .
tr	NNS	What he saw , even in Cuthbert 's humorous , intelligent face , was nothing C nothing at all .
tr	NNS	" These idiots aren 't going to turn complete political power over to a single man . "
tr	NN	" The colonel wants you to bake five hundred more of these . "
tr	NNS	An ancient Troy slot machine with a flashing Trojan horse , but instead of men pouring out of its underbelly , golden coins poured free .
tr	NNS	" A few travelers from out of town needed a place to rest .
tr	NN	The wig added another three inches to his stature .
tr	NN	im here Written in the mirror but he did not see .
tr	NNS	Without her , the chances of saving the baby are much less . "
tr	NN	Then , an angry growl from the backhoe 's engine told them that the machine was moving again .
tr	NNS	Plus , he 'd told her , the young ladies always dressed extra nice when they went to a good country party .
tr	NN	Takes one to know one , " Link shot back .
tr	NN	If Beason wouldn 't listen , the only option was to start taking the enemy down by herself .
tr	NN	Who knows what The Program has told her about me . "
tr	NN	This routine worked in grocery stores , as well .
tr	NNS	His free hand dips into the water , skims gently down my arm searching for my hand .
tr	NNS	Muscles bunched in Bay Yan 's jaws .
tr	NNS	' If you gaze long enough into the abyss , the abyss will gaze back into you . ' "
tr	NN	A nervous spider leapt at her , fangs extended , and she swatted it out of the air without slowing pace .
tr	NNS	When it came to the divine spirit , those headaches and fever were signs of resistance from your grandmother .
tr	NNS	My apologies if I 've overstepped my bounds , but what she needs right now is you and your husband 's support . "
tr	NN	The shell loudly slammed into the floor .
tr	NNS	My paternal grandparents arrive next .
tr	NNS	There are more video cameras watching what we 're doing right now than I want to think about .
tr	NN	The girl 's writing could never have fit on a grain of rice but it was impressively small yet easy to read .
tr	NN	Terror swept through me .
tr	NN	More rustling sounds just before Alec scoots me up the bed , toward the headboard .
tr	NN	" The collateral payoff , if they approved it , could be postponement of this mooted kidnap .
tr	NN	A twinkle showed in Robi 's eyes as he rubbed his fingers together representing " money " .
tr	NN	giggled Rudi , but Colette wasn 't talking to her .
tr	NN	Morning had come already , and it had stopped raining .
tr	NN	All hail Aphrodite . "
tr	NNS	The pungent spices in the jar and the lavender sand in the goblet came spilling out , but neither vessel emptied .
tr	NNS	My cousins may have their own opinions , but at the end of the day , I 'm thankful for what I got .
tr	NN	The little punk couldn 't tie the nerd to a toilet and steal from him anymore .
tr	NN	" I 'm not grinning , " said the liar .
tr	NN	" Our local ale , not much in terms of taste but it will help to warm you . "
tr	NN	" Jersey Village , " the albino dwarf added hastily .
tr	NN	The thrust of the arrow hit him so hard he fell forward to the ground unable to cushion the fall with his hands .
tr	NN	The rude interruption startled me .
tr	NNS	Kitty ran her torn nail along it , the tiny grains searing the ragged pieces of flesh that remained on her knuckles .
tr	NN	The garter made it on , but I felt like I might explode with expectation .
tr	NNS	Others come to rest , or to mate .
tr	NNS	Soldiers all around me let out shouts of warning as glass falls from the highest floors .
tr	NNS	And all around them , like broken dragon 's teeth , jagged peaks thrust toward the sky .
tr	NNS	Besides , our usual lies - we were with the DNR , there was rabies , and so on - wouldn 't work in Fairhaven .
tr	NNS	The warriors had gathered to touch death .
tr	NNS	Looks like it 's currently in the hands of Drake Stone .
tr	NNS	The imaginary creatures he had enjoyed evading at the time had since faded into obscurity .
tr	NN	The deputy spied the beam of light from the sheriff 's flashlight downstream and the two men took off towards it .
tr	NNS	And yet , changes in name do result in changes in perception , where human beings are concerned . "
tr	NNS	" History chips show that in the twenty-second century , people began building the Domes before the pollution they knew was coming became untenable .
tr	NN	Will our equipment be proof against the hazards of the dimension ?
tr	NN	the school secretary asked .
tr	NN	The vicar looked over at Haddington with a serious face .
tr	NN	The blacksmith sighed , then whispered to his wife .
tr	NN	Song turned to Echo .
tr	NN	The trio finished their meal and with the weekend beckoning , bid each other farewell .
tr	NN	The door knocker had been an image of a shining golden lion with a ring held in its mouth .
tr	NN	" Where 's your pendant ? "
tr	NNS	Extensive web searches helped pinpoint Gershwin 's workplace .
tr	NNS	Her various university degrees were impressive but seemed of little interest to him .
tr	NN	Upon entering the mountainous back roads , my unease tripled to paranoid levels when the vehicle in front of us rolled to a stop .
tr	NNS	Noah changes places with me so I 'm sitting on the edge of the bed and he 's on his knees in front of me .
tr	NN	The background clamor of the jungle changed perceptibly as the night shift took possession of the premises .
tr	NN	That head nun gave me a beating I ain 't ever going to forget .
tr	NN	The shoreline is heavily wooded .
tr	NN	The captain put a hand on his sword .
tr	NNS	" Would his buddies know ? "
tr	NNS	Questions , comments , disbelief .
tr	NNS	All the facts he knew about Nicole told him he wouldn 't find Tony 's sister working in a place like this .
tr	NN	There was an audible click as the defeated bard snapped his mouth shut .
tr	NNS	At a bar like Club Dead , all the cards were out on the table .
tr	NNS	Several possibilities concerning Sophie becoming a part of the family circled through her mind .
tr	NNS	Girls are crazy . "
tr	NNS	My siblings will be arriving shortly .
tr	NN	If you do , they will attack and kill without question , " Song said quietly .
tr	NN	The bullet hit him dead center and ricocheted into the windshield .
tr	NN	Garstang 's faithful canine raised one eye half-heartedly .
tr	NN	The tender wondered at this and thought of The One and the Plan to which the duo was committed .
tr	NNS	Girls were running around taking selfies of themselves kissing every guy they saw .
tr	NN	Like birds and sunsets and flowers , and all that other sappy love stuff . "
tr	NNS	However , the insults still stung .
tr	NN	As far as the Earthling was concerned , the option to engage in passion was now the Chancellor 's .
tr	NN	Her thick German accent turned the words into Praise Gott .
tr	NN	" The reef over there , " Tyler answered at the same time , pointing to a spot a little ways out .
tr	NN	Without waiting a moment , the priest tossed him the sword and drew another small blade .
tr	NN	my grandmother bellows from the porch .
tr	NN	That therapist was right .
tr	NNS	The seamstress looks up at me with sympathy in her eyes .
tr	NN	The receptionist led me to the polished mahogany door of his office .
tr	NN	The van lurched and the back window shattered .
tr	NN	Pleased with himself , the colonel walked back into his office and sat down again opposite Grant .
tr	NN	The panel has no handle , so I find a screwdriver to slip into the crack and wedge it open .
tr	NNS	The blackened edges flake under my fingertips .
tr	NN	Her cl * t swelled at the command within his voice .
tr	NN	The well dressed elf then started bellowing curses and altogether acting badly .
tr	NNS	My surroundings turned blacker .
tr	NNS	There were my grandparents , Lydia , Katie , and most importantly , Evan .
tr	NNS	Things are going quite well for me .
tr	NNS	" Those gates open when there 's a flood and we need to divert the flow to the storm sewer . "
tr	NNS	Slowly , their surroundings came to mind .
tr	NN	The valet is holding it for now . "
tr	NN	But this rainbow looked like someone just plugged it in .
tr	NN	" My actor is very good .
tr	NN	Thirteen ghouls flung themselves directly at me , jaws gaping and slavering , talons reaching , eyes gleaming with feral bloodlust and rage .
tr	NN	The majority of the collectors who commissioned the services of his firm were wealthy and well traveled .
tr	NNS	The very first larval implants were benign and didn 't take control of their host .
tr	NN	The young Prince smiled at his mother , " A very amusing story but its growing late and I must be going . "
tr	NNS	In the lit room , however , the black colors made him look menacing .
tr	NNS	The facilities were amazing !
tr	NN	A low growl that sounded almost like a purr rumbled in his throat as she knelt beside him .
tr	NNS	The mattress squeaked beneath them .
tr	NN	I placed my hand on her chest , feeling her heartbeat , elated I was making it race at light speed .
tr	NNS	Countries , governments would kill for their satellites .
tr	NNS	" Things happened so fast .
tr	NNS	The batteries were getting to be a problem .
tr	NN	In one corner stood a cylindrical glass tube , tall and wide enough to hold a human .
tr	NNS	Myles could always hope .
tr	NNS	The kiss breaks and the first thing I notice is that Isaac looks clean .
tr	NNS	The placement tests determine your natural talents .
tr	NN	" Her delicious chocolatier .
tr	NN	A majority of the men turned away .
tr	NNS	There are always different techniques , local tricks to be learned .
tr	NN	Link stared down at the pile of white slush .
tr	NNS	Tonight , however , the actors only concerned themselves with merriment .
tr	NN	The townsfolk say they lift it from your purse like pickpockets at a fair .
tr	NN	There was a chorus of laughter , and then the next gift was passed to my sister to open .
tr	NNS	My Cowboy opponents were stumbling and slurring , and I sat there calm as could be , perfectly sober and in control .
tr	NN	Then a bullet , meant for another , leaves him paralyzed and determined to distance himself from the one woman he 's come to love .
tr	NN	My sacrifice wasn 't for nothing .
tr	NN	The thickness gives more of a sting and it settles me on the inside each time I flick them .
tr	NN	Every single year my birthday is the apogee of pain , anguish , and dead zoo animals . "
tr	NNS	No figures scurried along the beach or waved them in from shore .
tr	NN	Her audacity , her temerity were outrageous !
tr	NNS	" What are the screens of ? "
tr	NN	The chef had ringed the edge of the salad plate with jalapeno circles , interspersed with cucumber wheels topped with cherry tomatoes .
tr	NNS	" Who are these miserable persons ? "
tr	NNS	She moaned when he lifted his head , sighed as he rained soft kisses along the length of her neck .
tr	NN	You could drive a monster truck through her mouth , Link thought .
tr	NNS	But the ghosts withdraw in a misty blur , quick as they came .
tr	NNS	My mouth is dry as I turn to face them , their expressions fixed in various degrees of shock , sadness , and anger .
tr	NN	As will his lordship when he returns . "
tr	NNS	His voice was deep and raspy , his vocal cords altered .
tr	NNS	Things like that happened when Torin was bored .
tr	NN	A dark chuckle passed his lips .
tr	NN	Her bra quickly followed and he inhaled at the sight of her , standing in front of him almost naked .
tr	NNS	The whispers in the dark corners of my mind now spring free of their cages and fill my thoughts with their noise .
tr	NN	Her unease with yesterday 's kiss was private , something between them , not something to be shared even with her beloved twin .
tr	NN	The old bachelor repeated , ignoring Jack 's query about his health .
tr	NN	With deep regret in his eyes , the bike roars to life , turns around , and then speeds away .
tr	NN	Their recent divorce was becoming increasingly contentious .
tr	NN	The video went on for a few moments , just showing the man lying there with the machines around him beeping and buzzing .
tr	NN	The jazz trio was in full swing .
tr	NN	Even when he reached her , his posture held uncertainty .
tr	NN	The transmitter could only work within a two-mile radius of the base unit .
tr	NN	Her resolve had finally broken when she heard Chad 's words .
tr	NNS	Several members of the school faculty were paint the background colors .
tr	NNS	Things moved far more quickly than she could 've ever imagined .
tr	NNS	If one admits what he claims to have experienced , then his conclusions make a kind of sense .
tr	NN	A giant square of a cashier 's station sits to our right with a wall of shoes behind it .
tr	NN	There was a shattering crash as it went through .
tr	NN	Immediately the van comes to a halt .
tr	NN	There 's a map in the zipper pocket of the backpack .
tr	NN	" Your employer must have their facts wrong . "
tr	NN	The older werewolf crossed the shop , slid open a panel in the wall , and took out a glass pitcher filled with dark purple liquid .
tr	NNS	Even in the cool , late evening air , a few sluggish bees buzzed around the sticky machine .
tr	NN	The tray from this morning with the remains of breakfast is still on the bedside table .
tr	NNS	Romulus cocked his head to the side as he looked at her .
tr	NNS	The drinkers around her were her compatriots for the night .
tr	NN	" The lace crossed , but not the shoe that went with it ? "
tr	NNS	Rapid footsteps pounded the old wooden floor in the hallway above as he dashed for the stairs and jumped down them two at a time .
tr	NNS	Bottles looked back and forth from his aunt , his cousins and the box .
tr	NN	" Way to go all out and get your truck washed for your date tonight .
tr	NN	Otherwise , my assistance is unconditional . "
tr	NNS	The paintings started talking loudly and greeting Egbert happily as if meeting an old friend .
tr	NN	The word " chiseled " didn 't do him justice .
tr	NN	In our first monthly test , my rank was on the average while she and my Syed were in the top five ranks .
tr	NN	On top of that , his perception of time might have been inaccurate .
tr	NN	Row upon row of exquisite designer shops lined the perimeter of a giant room .
tr	NNS	On the floor , writings immortalized in white chalk . "
tr	NN	My writing would be like this gasping breath . "
tr	NNS	Ghost images of water stopped flowing and the real figurines still stood .
tr	NNS	The winds were kind and kept the smoke away from the assembled army .
tr	NN	" The government is all over me .
tr	NNS	The cousins did not understand what they were talking about at all .
tr	NNS	the immortals sounded amused .
tr	NNS	The thick , dark blond strands tickled at his neck .
tr	NNS	Whipping winds thrashed her hair ; a few damp strands stuck to her cheek .
tr	NN	Mel 's murderer stole her phone and is calling me .
tr	NN	The thief then gasped for air and fixed his hands between his legs , as he fell to the ground after being released from Edd 's grasp .
tr	NN	There was no hesitation in his voice .
tr	NN	His pulse quickened with hope and expectation .
tr	NN	" The captain agreed to that ? "
tr	NNS	Before long , those drunken idiots were a distant memory .
tr	NNS	The nurses came and went , talking among themselves , but he stayed , waiting for some sign .
tr	NNS	Lots of girls were wearing their medical uniform , white with logos on their left chest side .
tr	NNS	With the invasion moving into human territory , the old Legion areas may be relatively clear . "
tr	NN	But then the bitter lash of sadness followed .
tr	NNS	Several pairs of eyebrows shot up around the room .
tr	NN	In a few moments her weakness passed .
tr	NNS	Guardians lived lonely lives , because very few females wanted to mate with a man who was a walking reminder of mortality .
tr	NN	A quarter of the island slowly tipped and slid toward the sea , upending like a drunk falling off a bar stool .
tr	NN	No lingering fur or fluffy ears to speak of , but how 's the leg ? "
tr	NN	The notion of losing her grandson slowly gave way to a plan that would ensure Sarah remained in Virginia .
tr	NNS	There were cameras in her living room , kitchen , and both bedrooms .
tr	NNS	In the middle of a detailed discussion of genetically altered diseases beginning to sweep away entire populations in days , shouts erupted in the background .
tr	NN	Table tennis , pool and a poker table were other features .
tr	NNS	Achilles was still playing with his wine cup .
tr	NNS	The helicopter lands at a safe distance , powering down conserving fuel while we wait .
tr	NN	The author had an interest in genealogy as well as gynaecology .
tr	NNS	I can tell you there are dancers here who make better than one fifty a year .
tr	NNS	The gates were standing open , so we passed easily beneath .
tr	NNS	The remaining members of the royal family , and anyone loyal to them , were the first to go .
tr	NNS	Things could be worse .
tr	NN	The lifeboat appeared beneath him , falling with him to catch him softly .
tr	NN	Around her neck was a broach just below her collar .
tr	NN	Apparently there was no pretense that they were sleeping apart .
tr	NN	The stench was toxic .
tr	NN	She strolled along , a parasol raised against the sunshine .
tr	NN	The receptionist seemed very anxious about his welfare .
tr	NN	There was a light tap on the door .
tr	NNS	My fears certainly weren 't rational .
tr	NNS	" So as far as you know , there aren 't any dissident factions among your mates ? "
tr	NN	" So , the bitch was telling the truth .
tr	NN	" Whose prints were on the gun ? "
tr	NNS	Her eyelids pried open through the crusted streak of blood on her face .
tr	NN	The tip of him brushed against her core , and Melinda groaned , arching and writhing , trying to get him inside where she wanted him .
tr	NNS	The catwalk 's boards splintered and came away from the bolts .
tr	NN	But ... The Master has expressed her wishes , and I should obey .
tr	NNS	The rockets came into the temple .
tr	NN	The big scary monsters .
tr	NNS	But furthermore , there are multiple levels to any ability that one can get through Yen .
tr	NNS	The stele designs have become refined over the years .
tr	NN	Was this guy suffering from a paranoid delusion ?
tr	NN	Only an athlete would know exactly how far he would miss a jump by .
tr	NN	Only the fug folk fix boilers . "
tr	NN	" I am not , " said Arun the helper .
tr	NN	Apparently -- thankfully -- his shield was only skin deep .
tr	NN	Her resolve wavered several times during that long afternoon .
tr	NNS	Only the closest members of both clubs knew about him .
tr	NNS	' Things should go more smoothly , then . ' '
tr	NNS	The old legends recommended the church watch be kept at midnight , but the dead kept poor time , especially when there wasn 't a moon .
tr	NN	A trickle of fear formed in the back of Dorian 's mind .
tr	NNS	He was suspended from the wall , his wrists and ankles shackled .
tr	NNS	Her own experiences with cleaning boilers probably didn 't have much in common with those on a ship .
tr	NNS	Costas folded his hands in his lap .
tr	NN	" So is your attitude , but you don 't see me complaining , " the older gentleman said .
tr	NNS	Your grandparents , after a few years , made a permanent move . "
tr	NNS	As the automobile sped through the deep night , all her worries began to fade .
tr	NN	A stab of worry flashed through the blanket of calm .
tr	NN	An angel that looked just like her once friend and guardian .
tr	NN	Could the intruder be there ?
tr	NNS	Those remains were the result of Dr. Stone 's experiments , experiments designed to create humans with multiple heads .
tr	NNS	His shots hadn 't been that bad .
tr	NNS	Others who seemed pleased with him .
tr	NNS	Things like this just didn 't happen .
tr	NN	The ghoul opened his mouth showing wide jagged teeth protruding from it and bashed Declan in the head .
tr	NN	The latest theory was that New York was under attack again .
tr	NNS	Things were now silent and the authorities were cautiously moving in .
tr	NN	His arrival had caused quite the stir at school .
tr	NNS	" These other clients , " she said , making us all stare at her , " they 're Forgotten , aren 't they ? "
tr	NNS	What gorillas give food ?
tr	NNS	Things got a little confused when I came home like this . "
tr	NN	The rumbling was now distant .
tr	NNS	During the day the carefully placed openings looked like miniature suns , blazing away .
tr	NNS	Those shots had been far too high for someone to have seen us .
tr	NNS	Maks stared down at the mutilated tsar , the face barely recognizable .
tr	NN	Even if there were crows , the dungeon was so far underground that there was no way of hearing them here .
tr	NNS	There were too many factors , the media attention being the main one .
tr	NN	The cowboy tipped his hat back on his head , and gave Matthew a doubtful look .
tr	NNS	The floors were wide planks , sanded smooth , their varnish nearly gone .
tr	NN	Last week , your secretary retained me on your behalf .
tr	NN	Hey man , thought you might like this video of your sweet little foster sister .
tr	NNS	There were only a few drops , but the more he scrubbed , the more the stain spread .
tr	NNS	What a feeling , like rotting eggs spoiling inside your stomach , the stench seeping out through your pores .
tr	NNS	" Why are the servants telling me you brought back a trophy from the north ? "
tr	NN	The blue whale be our quarry on this cursed voyage .
tr	NNS	Only a few wisps of hair fanned her cheeks , giving her the look of an exotic pixie .
tr	NN	By now the injured player was coming around and trying to get back up .
tr	NNS	" A promise , then , " al ' Thor said .
tr	NNS	There were many dwarves among the shopkeepers , as dwarven metalwork was always of the highest quality and greatly in demand .
tr	NNS	Reyes asked , frowning .
tr	NN	Farm machinery is also to be pulled into the newly populated areas .
tr	NNS	Mages were very high ranking in societies , even those with low Classes , but a Class Five did not outrank a General .
tr	NN	A quiet tapping at her door brought Jane back to the present and she swore silently as she forced herself up from the comfort of her bed .
tr	NNS	His defenders were not ready for their gates to disappear at the outset of the attack . "
tr	NN	A goal that had kept him sane when nothing else in his life had made sense .
tr	NN	The warrior didn 't budge .
tr	NN	The Program is proud of their returners , of their system that is starting to see increases in voluntary admittance .
tr	NNS	What if life experiences change us in a bad way ? "
tr	NN	The rocking of the platform was a soothing contrast to the nervous energy in my gut .
tr	NN	Death of those I loved .
tr	NN	The acrid stench of smoke filled the air , reminding her of everything painful .
tr	NNS	Things will be different this time around -- they always are -- but there is no fear of the unknown .
tr	NN	Well , there 's a stroke of luck !
tr	NNS	All characters in this book are fictitious , and any resemblance to real persons , living or dead , is coincidental .
tr	NNS	The next two globes were for the little guys .
tr	NNS	There were other factories .
tr	NNS	Cadmus was handsome , strong and he always knew my heart , but he was wrong about this .
tr	NNS	The seamstress finished the seam and Levana lowered her hands again , letting her fingers trail over the fine embroidery of the bodice .
tr	NNS	Looks like someone scanned it in from a newspaper . "
tr	NNS	The two cats were basic in elements but differed in everything else .
tr	NN	That Southern drawl of hers just might be his undoing .
tr	NNS	Cadmus paused and looked at me .
tr	NN	The priest said nothing but nodded occasionally as he listened to the narrative .
tr	NNS	There are three figures .
tr	NNS	The basics came together just as he seemed to spot an opening and charged up the hill into a forest of trees .
tr	NN	* The briefing was quick and efficient , ending without incident .
tr	NNS	Since that explosion the boards under them had not felt quite so secure .
tr	NN	Eddy had found his way to Toby , ' Good to see you , Toby , ' his comrade in arms began .
tr	NN	There was just no accounting for some people .
tr	NN	Chance and I exchanged a grim look while climbing in back .
tr	NNS	Reyes held her gaze for a long moment , and the chain at her neck vibrated with a new emotion , something she had trouble identifying .
tr	NN	" The castle fairly sparkles .
tr	NNS	Families swarmed the shopping streets and cafes and ice cream shops .
tr	NNS	No mind-altering substances allowed in the Stadium .
tr	NN	A funnel of energy exited the structure behind us , twisting to whisper across the dry land .
tr	NNS	My eyelids are heavy .
tr	NNS	The big studios and big players are moving out .
tr	NNS	Like , the dinosaurs were about being afraid . "
tr	NNS	Your parent figures always brought me the best things , and I will be generous in their memory . "
tr	NN	The attorney thought for a moment and then nodded in agreement .
tr	NNS	There were no footprints or tracks to show that anyone else had passed by since the chase through the woods .
tr	NN	Yet the baron simply sat there motionless .
tr	NN	The scrabbling lizard things ran from it , screaming and tearing at each other to get away .
tr	NNS	Where were the creatures I had been sensing ?
tr	NN	Devon stiffened , a small growl escaped him .
tr	NNS	At least a dozen other creatures were circling above , waiting their turn .
tr	NNS	In the bag were other items as well , though she wasn 't ready to look at those yet .
tr	NNS	No matter how fast I went , though , my surroundings never blurred .
tr	NNS	Why scrub bathroom floors all day ? "
tr	NN	The attorney wanted to sell .
tr	NNS	Are these the symptoms of craziness ?
tr	NN	A scurried shuffling of top leather shoes , and they conversed via telepathy again .
tr	NNS	Reyes hadn 't lived in fear , for he 'd been a warrior to the core even then .
tr	NN	His sister-in-law was frightening in a temper .
tr	NN	Dylan 's Irish accent made the words sound casual , but Jace heard the steel behind them .
tr	NNS	Alexis took his eyes off the pad and glanced at Fergus .
tr	NNS	Shouts erupted , and the air filled with fear .
tr	NN	The negative tank , when filled , took the sub down .
tr	NNS	Where the actors stood when they said their lines .
tr	NNS	Lucky for her , the Shadow Falls vamps weren 't likely to attack .
tr	NN	Neither lounge is very big ; they 're just windowless rooms with lockers and a couple of sad couches .
tr	NNS	" The members of the psychic network are waiting for us down the hall .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids flickered open , the shadows in the bedchamber slowly took form and shape ; a log crashed onto the stones , and sparks flickered brightly .
tr	NNS	Flames leapt through the air .
tr	NN	That Gold dragon he 'd sent Dagmar off with dropped to the ground beside the corpse .
tr	NN	Part of me wanted to avoid him .
tr	NNS	" Computer screens take a toll on the vision . "
tr	NN	The captain stood firm at the helm , the wind rustling his hair .
tr	NNS	Gramps is napping anyway , and it 's not the same working without him here .
tr	NN	The shooter could be pursuing them , so he barely slowed .
tr	NNS	Day stumbles against me , then loses his balance , and we collapse backward into my bed .
tr	NN	" This race rocks .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of my wife consumed this man .
tr	NN	Had the old priest figured out the puzzle as he hung for decades on the cross with nothing else to ponder as he suffered ?
tr	NN	The notion chilled her and she hoped it wasn 't a foreshadowing of her future .
tr	NNS	Her instincts sensed a weakness in him , a flaw .
tr	NN	Cool aloe musk rose from the grass .
tr	NN	Robin was asleep on my couch , his laptop plugged in on my desk .
tr	NNS	K. " Her scales turned black , " big brother said , " And her green eyes shone . "
tr	NN	Jax looked down at her , an amused smile playing around his lips .
tr	NN	As the last note cried , applause exploded from the audience .
tr	NN	The castle was an enormous rectangular structure with a round tower at its northern end .
tr	NN	The valet shook his head .
tr	NNS	Closing my eyes , the images that began floating through your consciousness started floating through mine and I could see you .
tr	NN	A crash like thunder filled the room .
tr	NNS	One by one , the ancestors climbed to their feet and struggled toward the circle 's perimeter .
tr	NNS	The appliances and decor are an artful mix of new and vintage .
tr	NN	A layer of cool moss covered the surface of the tree bark , making for an excellent seat .
tr	NNS	Sioux losses would be heavy .
tr	NNS	The edges of my vision darkened , and the sunset sky seemed to spin until everything was a blur .
tr	NN	The trick never failed to make Chris smile .
tr	NNS	At Avenue X , images of he and his dad throwing around a baseball in the park flash through his mind .
tr	NN	In the center of the pool stood a rock pedestal .
tr	NNS	There are millions of chords .
tr	NN	A loud crash and the sound of wood splintering shot him out of sleep faster than an attack alarm on base .
tr	NN	My nasty uncle , if that tells you anything . "
tr	NN	There is a sudden knowing glint in his eye now and his tone shifts for a moment to indicate a faint layer of wit .
tr	NNS	Janelle Jankowski 's physical attributes preceded her .
tr	NNS	And legends have a habit of being exaggerated .
tr	NNS	Cadmus shrugged , unconcerned .
tr	NNS	The other GP members , four men and two women , didn 't look familiar .
tr	NN	This ritual has brought me to God and God to me .
tr	NNS	Muscles covered in tats that begged to be stroked ... by my hands .
tr	NN	The tube launched the mortar ball over the street and a few houses down .
tr	NNS	There were about five hundred acres that lay between the house and the next development .
tr	NNS	" Those metal strips can fell a demon in its tracks . "
tr	NNS	A few moments later , some grenades , their pins dislodged by the blast , time out and rearrange the debris .
tr	NN	When they met face to face , the squirrel jumped over the rabbit and kept on going .
tr	NNS	But your actions have turned a little right into a great wrong .
tr	NNS	There were obvious signs of Alliance presence .
tr	NN	Dove had been dead for centuries , and if her screams still haunted him every night , no one knew but himself .
tr	NNS	Nerves got the better of Envelope .
tr	NN	" My daddy sometimes cries when he looks at me , too . "
tr	NN	Her laboratory in the Academy holds the most advanced magic storage tech in the known world .
tr	NN	Her stature seemed to increase , her eyes to glow , and her armor shine .
tr	NNS	All your cousins were out in force .
tr	NNS	Looks like he could get just the right height to take those pictures .
tr	NNS	There are legends of a time when humanity inhabited a single world . "
tr	NN	Each plant had a carefully written label attached to its pot .
tr	NNS	" What are my chances of that ? "
tr	NNS	And the taillights were still fading , growing smaller and smaller in the distance .
tr	NN	Simultaneously , a panel of the wall opposite slid up to reveal a collection of skeleton keys .
tr	NN	Another warrior in the front rank fell , with a javelin impaled through his arm and he was dragged back , screaming , to the rear .
tr	NN	The challenge was on the table for him to pick up .
tr	NNS	The symptoms of pregnancy aren 't always what people would expect .
tr	NN	Your premonition may be telling you to expect more from yourself than you ever imagined .
tr	NN	Such a formal greeting , she thought .
tr	NNS	Our stomachs , our muscles , and our grip on our shotguns tightened with anxiety and anticipation .
tr	NN	A mixing pot of history influenced by Islam , Hindi and Buddhism and something of the Dutch and their wantonness to introduce the Roman Catholic Church .
tr	NNS	Cassius pushed against the crowd , reaching her .
tr	NN	The video ends at that .
tr	NN	" Your technique could make us millionaires within a week !
tr	NN	His chuckles vibrate through my body .
tr	NN	" Who 's this fellow ? "
tr	NNS	The tunnels would branch and she always knew which one to take .
tr	NNS	The builders and decorators they hired completed the additional work they wanted on the house before the move .
tr	NNS	Energy blasts flew and exploded .
tr	NNS	The provisions in their pack would still carry them for a few more days , long enough for them to reach The seer above .
tr	NN	The ice-cream parlor had a For Sale sign in the window and I got to talking to the owners .
tr	NNS	What are the chances that we 'd end up face-to-face like this , after all these years ?
tr	NN	There are several pointed turret like structures pointing towards the sky at differing heights , but all at the same , roughly 45 degree angle .
tr	NN	A vicious scar that ran from his hairline to his neck .
tr	NNS	members of his crew shout .
tr	NNS	The edges of his full mouth turned slightly .
tr	NNS	My limited waitressing skills were starting to kick back in .
tr	NNS	All the facts had been there .
tr	NN	The following morning Lara 's attorney , Terry Hill , was sitting in the office of Dr. Seymour Bennett .
tr	NN	A campfire appears in front of me .
tr	NN	Regardless , the Street Masters were public enemy number one as far as the City of Winnipeg 's police force was concerned .
tr	NNS	" But the chances of it happening in our immediate working area again are remote . "
tr	NNS	On this holy day the elves gathered in great numbers .
tr	NNS	His attempts to protect me were irritating .
tr	NN	Part of me hopes that I can get it out without a panic attack but there 's no saying that won 't happen .
tr	NN	The footman , with a cunning developed during years of abusing lesser domestics , understood Tess 's position exactly .
tr	NNS	" How are your ideas coming along ? "
tr	NNS	The promises they 'd made to each other continued to haunt her .
tr	NNS	Your council members , or most of them , are in the Carpathian Mountains .
tr	NNS	Others do the usual kind of erotic dancing in the room with the members .
tr	NNS	Certain gems will call to the specific type of energy that flows in you .
tr	NN	Even now , her pale gray gown spoke of lingering mourning .
tr	NN	Shaking his head dismissively , Link decides he 'd rather pass on the subject .
tr	NN	His intelligent and articulate manner may lead one to forget that his attitudes are not willful .
tr	NN	The urn is draining her , taking her piece by piece .
tr	NNS	Racing footsteps greeted my ears .
tr	NNS	His kisses grew more focused , more intense .
tr	NN	Her small stature might fool someone at first , but people quickly found out that if Susie had a problem , it would be dealt with .
tr	NNS	Gramps asked through his confusion .
tr	NN	The gryphon isn 't going to let us fall .
tr	NN	the captain asked with confusion .
tr	NNS	But my efforts to avoid Tommy didn 't go off without a hitch .
tr	NN	" Aye , ' t is true .
tr	NN	Jazz didn 't intend to tell her all of it , but that 's what came out .
tr	NN	The fire drill was still going on , ringing in our ears as we stared at Mr Brown curiously .
tr	NNS	Yet if he didn 't go through with the plan the consequences would be palpable .
tr	NNS	A few insects buzzed here and there .
tr	NNS	Ernie downstairs knows you as my niece . "
tr	NN	Your chariot awaits . "
tr	NN	Like priests and green pea soup possessed ?
tr	NN	A rainbow of buttons appeared under her fingertips .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of her fights with Charlie rise back into consciousness .
tr	NNS	Blood leaks from one 's mouth .
tr	NN	There was only a low , narrow gap that could be squeezed through , should anyone be desperate enough to try .
tr	NNS	The heavy shackles around his neck and wrists had already rubbed his skin raw , and his back was a throbbing ache from the lash .
tr	NN	Repetitive grumbling hissed from my lips as I rushed around the house .
tr	NN	His only passion was psychic research .
tr	NNS	She held up a doorstop , the one Jessica had secured her door with the night they 'd spotted the stalker .
tr	NNS	" The countess , she said I was to take her best horse and head back here at all speed .
tr	NN	' Hubert 's discovery was -- immortality . '
tr	NN	The exit ramp had torn open with the impact .
tr	NNS	Five acres and a beach house in Maine .
tr	NN	Around him , the wailing grew louder , but the shadows began to leach form and color from the faces .
tr	NNS	But from the looks of things , the nearby members of the insurgency weren 't much better off .
tr	NNS	Things were too intense over there .
tr	NNS	Our inquiries have led us to this general area .
tr	NN	A grunt distracted her from her ponderings .
tr	NN	That pipe definitely isn 't in the same place it was when we fell asleep .
tr	NNS	" The slats were a bit too far apart on the older models .
tr	NN	The sergeant turned and walked off stage , the other sergeants following him .
tr	NNS	Things were building , becoming heightened .
tr	NNS	" There are a billion other creatures running loose right now .
tr	NNS	There were thousands of websites dedicated to Aria , as billions of people expressed their gratitude for the gift she had given to the world .
tr	NNS	Our abilities were so weak that we won 't come up on any radar , anyway .
tr	NNS	Chapter 21 Folks start plotting My big plan for the afternoon was to nap .
tr	NNS	His actions had been bad enough , but he had just carried them out in front of her .
tr	NN	As one beacon began to sink below the horizon , the beacon on the next pyramid would appear .
tr	NN	Her budget was tight , but she 'd make it .
tr	NNS	Looks like that 's where it went .
tr	NNS	The captains of the two parties seemed to be bringing up the rear , debating as they went .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared with each of his deep breaths , and she saw his pupils dilate .
tr	NNS	His footsteps pounded in the hallway .
tr	NNS	What would the movies do ? "
tr	NNS	The spots of sunlight didn 't seem to harm him , but she wasn 't taking any chances .
tr	NNS	The teachers dumped the release of our films , as they were busy with releasing their blockbuster of our friend Pradeep .
tr	NNS	Our negotiations kept breaking down .
tr	NNS	My fears of having been gone for years faded back into the realm of nightmare .
tr	NNS	Doors led away from the living area on both sides .
tr	NNS	Plans made while drunk generally have a few flaws in them and ours was no exception .
tr	NNS	" Any kisses for Nate are not coming from my lips , so you 'll have to work that out yourself .
tr	NNS	A few crows spiralled out of the night sky and landed on the rooftop .
tr	NN	The white apron tied around her waist was so white it looked as if it had never been used .
tr	NN	His explanation of what he called her caused Kerri to blush angrily .
tr	NN	There was no proof the dragon was even in these parts anymore .
tr	NN	The soft giggle that came across the phone had nothing to do with the conversation .
tr	NN	The intruder didn 't pause , listening for signs that they 'd been heard .
tr	NN	Richard 's sister-in-law went upstairs to check on her daughters .
tr	NN	The market had not been kind to his option positions .
tr	NN	the pepper pot persisted .
tr	NNS	Love is a risk , there are no guarantees .
tr	NN	Next time the sheriff wants an interview call my office and I 'll arrange to be there with you .
tr	NNS	Her frantic movements showed him her desperation .
tr	NNS	Under normal circumstances , the toothless defenses of Odessa wouldn 't be too worrisome for the Israeli agents passing through .
tr	NNS	The media had a double dose of entertainment to dish out to gossip bazaar .
tr	NNS	All the characters and events portrayed in this book are fictional , and any resemblance to real people or incidents is purely coincidental .
tr	NN	Each tank carried a crew of two , driver and gunner .
tr	NNS	Rebecca took a deep breath and walked across to her bed , the mattress sagging as she flopped down onto it .
tr	NN	The only contract she should ever sign was her marriage certificate .
tr	NN	the middle Elder asked .
tr	NNS	Alexis had a way of staring at someone in a taunting fashion without saying a single word .
tr	NN	" The priest He camped in the yard .
tr	NNS	A few staff members also worked behind a desk .
tr	NNS	Former classmates from Vegas , most of whom Emma didn 't remember ever talking to , portrayed her as a shady , calculating thug .
tr	NN	His honesty was intoxicating .
tr	NNS	" Oh , just some fans giving me shit .
tr	NNS	His actions belied the personality that lay beneath the heavily scarred monster the world saw .
tr	NN	The novice went towards the stairs .
tr	NNS	Other members of his team , including his Director , were all becoming increasingly concerned about his well-being .
tr	NNS	Thoughts raced through my head at a million miles per hour .
tr	NN	His claustrophobia was creeping up on him again , crawling its way from the back of his mind and seeking to take hold of his sanity .
tr	NN	The impressive resort was visible from far away .
tr	NNS	Another twin puffs of smoke billowed from the barrels .
tr	NN	The dark clothing was actually a robe , a priest robe .
tr	NNS	Bright blue tights , " Corinne pointed out wickedly .
tr	NN	The rider came forward .
tr	NN	There is a detectable pattern that may in fact be that signal .
tr	NNS	Then the wolves went berserk and the people did , too .
tr	NNS	Others stood by , suited to jump in and perform retrieval .
tr	NN	There 's a clank as Pollux slams a cover over the pipe and locks it in place .
tr	NN	There was a plaque with Abe 's picture on it was on the wall of the main entrance .
tr	NN	The injury healed all by itself , and when it was done , Ken breathed heavily and fell into a deep sleep .
tr	NN	An eternity passed before Jace came back .
tr	NNS	His pupils usually respected him but did not really like him .
tr	NNS	But the bystanders were in the wrong place at the wrong time .
tr	NN	" There is no conflict of interests , as will become apparent as soon as you shut up and let me finish . "
tr	NN	And the acid in my voice now was for both of them .
tr	NN	" It 's just you and me , Kylie , " the rogue said .
tr	NNS	Leppard 's chains hung limply .
tr	NN	" I 'm dying , Tommy , " the old priest says , holding my hand tighter .
tr	NNS	Romulus tossed Viktor a sphere wrapped in orange twine fitted with a small wick .
tr	NNS	Moses continued to probe .
tr	NN	The outpost commander sighed .
tr	NNS	" My employers are prepared to be kind , Monsieur Dubois , to have the truth in order to go forward . "
tr	NNS	And not all her clients wanted sex .
tr	NNS	Many held signs , some of them well made from brightly painted plywood .
tr	NNS	My cousins are in the know about these things . "
tr	NNS	The ogres sat overlooking a valley that was oft used as an ambush site .
tr	NNS	From small doors at the far end , three rats sprang .
tr	NN	The squad unleashed their automatic weapons on the door , turning it into a million toothpicks .
tr	NNS	Lights and devices are everywhere .
tr	NNS	Most of the time my grandmother 's predictions seemed to come true .
tr	NNS	Somewhere her mother 's chances were ebbing away , moment by moment , second by second .
tr	NN	Love sat back in his chair and grinned .
tr	NNS	Chills slipped down my spine .
tr	NN	The mob began to smash against me as I tried to leave .
tr	NNS	No wolves had made an appearance and that was probably due to the fact that so many had been taken .
tr	NNS	I move toward the open door and step out onto the porch , inhaling clean , outside smells , scents of space and growth .
tr	NNS	Your clients will remain unharmed . "
tr	NN	Her rescuer shoved his hand into his back pocket and pulled out a wallet , flashing a badge .
tr	NN	" You seem to have a connection with this little one , " said their leader .
tr	NNS	Hands pulled at him and he went down into the crowd .
tr	NNS	Things have changed , but it is still true in places . '
tr	NN	and finally the scrabbling of boots on tree bark as the lad scrambled up a tree .
tr	NNS	Dangerous Beans had said : We co-operate , or we die .
tr	NNS	For him , sports didn 't symbolize anything except a challenge .
tr	NN	" My employer would like you to pledge your public support to his house . "
tr	NN	Before he could speak , the command " Fight ! "
tr	NN	Trystan 's seduction is more tempting , but in the end you 're just another chick to check off the list . "
tr	NNS	There were gaps between them , and areas which they had not been able to reach .
tr	NN	A gut instinct told me I really had driven Stanton to take some sort of action .
tr	NN	And yet , there was a layer of meaning sifted over them , a careful seasoning that warmed my cheeks .
tr	NN	Fortunately , the farther they walked , the less Shotgun wobbled .
tr	NN	The toilet flushed and water ran .
tr	NNS	There were pills and envelopes in each .
tr	NN	A spark chirped on his fist .
tr	NN	The energy sector was flush with cash .
tr	NNS	Looks like a nasty character . "
tr	NNS	But at this time of year , the main users of the harbour were commercial fishing boats .
tr	NN	The mayor nodded , pleased .
tr	NNS	My grandparents set it up when I was born .
tr	NN	The clothing turned out to be a bedroom robe .
tr	NN	The priest glanced at Eve .
tr	NNS	' The teachers have seen you bullying me . '
tr	NNS	The other captains stared , half out of their chairs .
tr	NN	The Watchman lunged again with inhuman speed and strength , the onyx blade whistling and hissing through the air like a thing alive and thirsty for blood .
tr	NNS	Things are too delicate . "
tr	NN	Reality was cornering him , just as his ancient enemies had .
tr	NN	The bullet didn 't knick anything vital .
tr	NNS	Soldiers don 't usually keep what they take , it 's easy come , easy go with them .
tr	NNS	Indeed , all the consequences of permanent settlement played themselves out .
tr	NNS	Things seemed to be normal .
tr	NN	If they brought the body back to shore , the discovery would have saved their refuge .
tr	NN	Instantly the evening gown and tuxedo ruffled themselves , transforming into more appropriate attire .
tr	NN	The reproach was clear in her voice .
tr	NNS	With lightning quickness , the two creatures went at one another as though turning on themselves .
tr	NN	The dock was now empty and the soldiers had gone .
tr	NN	A clamor arose signifying that they all agreed .
tr	NNS	The music had begun once more , and around us , couples danced to the lively piece .
tr	NN	Stellar mass enters expanding condition .
tr	NNS	The authorities said that when they found them , they were both sitting in their apartments staring into space .
tr	NN	A new scar is forming .
tr	NNS	The chips protected against that by verifying DNA upon implantation .
tr	NNS	Words could not express what I was feeling .
tr	NNS	The scans look good .
tr	NNS	" The healers can 't handle all these patients by themselves .
tr	NNS	" Dogs still agree to do this dangerous work because humans need their help and they feel sorry for them .
tr	NNS	Her pupils had dilated as her eyes showed the flash of agony she felt .
tr	NNS	Things are bad ; I 've heard Bernstein Media has stopped paying affiliates , so I may have gotten my last check from them too . "
tr	NN	Her inability to concentrate was all because of one fact .
tr	NNS	Their footsteps echoed on the wood planking , solitary sounds on the now empty station platform .
tr	NNS	The spires appeared long deserted .
tr	NN	Our committee consisted of six readers from various studios .
tr	NNS	The sobs began , welling up from deep within her .
tr	NNS	A dampness , at his middle , he disrobed , tossed his pants , shirt , and trousers into the washing machine .
tr	NNS	His dark followers crowded into the room .
tr	NNS	The creatures had not moved .
tr	NNS	But my incinerated vocal cords and lips won 't let me form the words .
tr	NN	The reproach entered his body unobstructed .
tr	NNS	But the ruins were extensive , covering more than three square kilometers .
tr	NNS	Gramps didn 't want her to go and she told him to shut up .
tr	NNS	" Do tests bother you ? "
tr	NN	But his partner driving the car had equally good credentials , and the vehicle bore an authentic government license plate .
tr	NNS	The drugs were wearing off .
tr	NNS	The floor tiles gave away creating a circle opening in the floor .
tr	NNS	" Normally , new Guardians trained with an adept that was stronger than they -- just in case they lost control .
tr	NNS	My cousins and uncle had to physically restrain him so he didn 't get arrested .
tr	NN	The snake returned to her core .
tr	NNS	There were footsteps again .
tr	NN	" You know , the rational explanation really doesn 't help .
tr	NNS	Looks like it 's gon na storm . "
tr	NN	There 's that fiction again .
tr	NN	His partner shot him a warning look , but she looked extremely discomfited by Cassie 's request also .
tr	NN	The maid entered the room with the bowl of water and a small towel .
tr	NNS	My father 's footsteps were heavy and quick .
tr	NNS	" And now , ladies and gentlemen ... ta dum ! "
tr	NNS	Something breaks inside me , dissipating the ugly whispers that plagued me moments earlier , and the gates holding back my tears break down .
tr	NN	That starting puff is all he takes , however .
tr	NNS	Things began to take on weight and thickness that had been heretofore invisible .
tr	NN	The front page has a short mention of the trial , but at least it 's small and below the fold .
tr	NNS	Aria 's hands clawed into the edge of the river bank , the moss dug underneath her fingernails .
tr	NNS	Rats ran up and down his body , but they didn 't bother him .
tr	NN	But the cancer was back .
tr	NN	the taller rogue shouted .
tr	NNS	The breakers were no longer audible - only the prolonged sibilant or chattering noises of the water about him .
tr	NN	" How 's the job hunt going ? "
tr	NNS	Reyes stabbed him again .
tr	NNS	Werewolves weren 't real .
tr	NNS	Things began to make a little more sense to Deckard Blaine after that .
tr	NN	Only the dragon was visible from this angle .
tr	NNS	When he stood , the final inches between them shrank to millimeters .
tr	NN	The outline was a figure .
tr	NNS	Your minions await . "
tr	NNS	Known for their individualism , the pirates had decorated each of their tactical suits extensively with artwork , graffiti , small trophies and other baubles .
tr	NNS	Slowly , the companions all raised their hands .
tr	NNS	Others were gruesome men with red dragon symbols on their capes .
tr	NNS	Overnight temperatures had been in the low forties , with the daytime highs reaching the sixties .
tr	NNS	Chess always tried to take care of me .
tr	NNS	But then the risks of hope rise again and my Noise greys a little .
tr	NN	In a way , a legend is like an organism - a virus or a bacteria .
tr	NN	The cameraman obliged , dropping to a knee and angling his camera in such a way that he got both Ponytail and Christ in the same shot .
tr	NN	Just as he was about to jump out of the cab and run over to the other launcher , the panel came back on .
tr	NN	Aside from a dent in the front bumper , the sedan remained unscathed .
tr	NNS	The colors around her blazed as if on fire and it made me take a breath in .
tr	NNS	" No , but there are eggs .
tr	NNS	Things were happening too fast .
tr	NNS	Stepping carefully over the many prone revellers sleeping in the hallway , the companions made their way to the atrium and slowly opened the door .
tr	NN	" She 's a beautiful child , " the newcomer said .
tr	NN	Final y he said , " I guess we can ask the kids . "
tr	NN	The school secretary was busy printing off papers and stuffing them into envelopes .
tr	NN	There 's a ton of energy in here . "
tr	NNS	Sore as she was , the cool dampness felt wonderful and she breathed a soft sound of pleasure .
tr	NNS	' My apologies , lad , ' she said .
tr	NNS	Accidental soldering iron burns were in the past , but looking for the right parts was still hard .
tr	NNS	My hackles rose just because he was speaking to her .
tr	NN	Perhaps approval from Hector was a bit like finding a unicorn , existing only in one 's imagination .
tr	NNS	The U. S. Robots designers had not needed to give him that form .
tr	NNS	Twenty rats , the leader still holding Tick in its teeth , plunged into the river below .
tr	NN	The trio could not possibly last long as a group of growing friends .
tr	NN	The spec ops leader appeared to find the exchange exhilarating .
tr	NNS	Their radio frequencies are unique to the system and remain unaffected by its own presence .
tr	NNS	" And where are your siblings ? "
tr	NN	This exchange of semantics could have gone on forever , but I got the idea -- or did I. Betty glanced down at my scuffed shoes .
tr	NNS	Words like " virgin " had a way of hanging in the air , but Kizzy did her best to ignore it .
tr	NNS	His trousers had lost their crisply pressed line .
tr	NNS	Even so , when she swirled the wine around the jug with her hand , the contents appeared to be , not of the finest quality .
tr	NNS	What the vamps are .
tr	NN	" A little obsessed , are we ? "
tr	NNS	" The changes in body chemistry that result from ingestion .
tr	NN	Our one recording has some of that flavor to it .
tr	NN	There was no hesitation in his voice , nothing he wasn 't telling me .
tr	NN	Close the studio made her anxious , always .
tr	NNS	" And when we 're in the field on a mission , call signs level the field .
tr	NN	As they kissed and touched , their passion escalated toward the stars .
tr	NN	His thrust became harder , and finally , he was deep inside me .
tr	NN	The sun shone and the ocean lapped relentlessly against the white , sandy beach .
tr	NNS	" These tests won 't hurt you and you won 't have any effects from them . "
tr	NN	This prejudice , it is the foundation of society .
tr	NNS	The rats laughed again .
tr	NNS	These nightly recollections I was doing gave me a sense of clarity before my slumber where my dreams were becoming lucid by the day .
tr	NNS	Next day both cats drank from it , standing on their hind legs and sticking their heads underneath the handle to get at the rusty water .
tr	NNS	Lots of food and three drinks weighed it down .
tr	NN	Her growl was from the back of a haunted cave .
tr	NNS	My colleagues and I , promise the people of this country that corruption will be rooted out and those responsible will be punished .
tr	NN	" There is some degree of disagreement upon whether or not you actually are . "
tr	NN	A tremor slithered down her spine .
tr	NNS	There were no guarantees , and Andrew knew that .
tr	NN	Where would the training value be in that ?
tr	NNS	Both twins were impossibly skinny with straight black hair , olive shaped eyes , and pale skin with an odd green tinge .
tr	NN	But there was no conviction in her voice .
tr	NN	the teacher gave a reprimand to Pasha .
tr	NN	" A miracle , " exclaimed a pilgrim .
tr	NNS	The gold coins weigh 1.01 ounces whereas fake coins weigh .
tr	NNS	Barnabas was continuing : ' Yes ... unfortunately , this has complicated things .
tr	NN	Part of the fun had been introducing her to so much she found completely new .
tr	NNS	There are whispers of his elite Enforcers , claims that they possess unusual shaping skills .
tr	NNS	" The recent deaths are a painful reminder of just how vulnerable we all are .
tr	NNS	The blades seemed to sing in response , sensing the touches of their masters .
tr	NN	The electricity can go out here easily and the insulation isn 't the best .
tr	NN	" The art museum .
tr	NNS	Others died of typhus caused by lice infestations and some were casualties of the bombing and fighting raging all around them .
tr	NNS	Costumed characters such as Goofy , Pluto , Snow White , Mickey and Minnie Mouse walked slowly , children clamoring after them as they waved back animatedly .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , the legends about my family aren 't nearly as entertaining as those that are based on the Joneses . "
tr	NNS	Flames poured out of the cab .
tr	NNS	There are signs everywhere saying not to take pictures .
tr	NN	Part of his soul goes out into his pictures .
tr	NN	The little hearth bitch was fighting it .
tr	NNS	The melancholy strains of a lone bagpipe filled the cold winter 's air .
tr	NNS	" Your antics out there have to stop .
tr	NNS	Families scattered through the park , children screaming and running in circles .
tr	NNS	" And Christina , Uriah , and Lynn , " supplies Tobias .
tr	NNS	Their abilities are also useful in combat .
tr	NN	" Evidently your dragon disagrees ; do you suppose yourself a better judge than he of what gives him discomfort ? "
tr	NNS	They felt like boulders as her muscles were sore , her private areas tender .
tr	NN	As isolation became more and more difficult to achieve due to constant expansion , conflict sprang out of every corner .
tr	NNS	More containers would be better . "
tr	NNS	Only then did the master 's unwanted attentions begin to terrify her and drive out all other distress .
tr	NN	There was a husky sensuality to Gabriel 's voice .
tr	NNS	Red scales faded , turning tan like the desert .
tr	NNS	But not surprisingly , my prayers go unanswered .
tr	NN	As I struggle , a low growl of a voice comes from somewhere in front of my face .
tr	NN	The tether was pointing straight toward the wall in front of me , still indicating the center of the maze .
tr	NN	The Jeep was his problem , not hers .
tr	NN	A whole stack of sly temptations .
tr	NN	The most important factor is the intrinsic quality of the actual food itself .
tr	NNS	All signs had pointed to yes .
tr	NN	" Silver and pink are her favorite colors , though . "
tr	NN	That new ending sequence was genius .
tr	NNS	" Did the teachers write it ? "
tr	NN	Thinking of Enrique reminded me I was due for an update .
tr	NN	The leader answered without turning his head or slowing pace .
tr	NNS	" No guarantees , of course , but the Narrative mentions that the chosen one gave a memorable sermon on a mount . "
tr	NNS	The technicians had started their search for fingerprints and any fibers that would testify as to who was here .
tr	NN	The bottom layer was shoulder-length and it had a wave , too , making the style easy to keep looking good .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids felt heavy , and her limbs relaxed into the couch .
tr	NN	I investigated his possessions in the room , found clothing for him : woolen stockings , strong shoes , knickers , sweater , gloves , cap .
tr	NN	There was a small irregular dent in it .
tr	NN	The static and the radio mask a lot .
tr	NN	" Why would the government allow soldiers who received the vaccines to monitor everything ? "
tr	NN	Against her neck she could feel Ryan changing , fur replacing skin , talons digging into her neck .
tr	NNS	Myles had been as good as his word , returning home in plenty of time to take her to the meeting .
tr	NNS	The chains hanging from the ceiling groan as the bag swings around in circles .
tr	NNS	The sheer cliffs of the island rose to great heights above the water , augmented by the monumental outer wall of the fortress .
tr	NNS	A few worn handholds led up to the top .
tr	NN	As he staggered to his feet , the snake struck him on the calf .
tr	NNS	The apples had tumbled out , along with a box of cold cereal and a bottle of imported wine .
tr	NN	The black snake had swollen to nearly twice its usual size .
tr	NN	The hunger , " a voice says from far away .
tr	NNS	These good ladies will give a demonstration of basic movements .
tr	NN	Not the cute , fun kind , but more like a mad scientist bug , with the power to lock me up forever .
tr	NNS	The wells of power promised control over other human .
tr	NN	the captain asked him .
tr	NN	His hesitation had been costly .
tr	NNS	Moses shot a scared look at Lee and slowly began to rise from his desk .
tr	NNS	Only diehard fans had heard of Mase .
tr	NN	The glamour would be easy .
tr	NN	The strip didn 't give .
tr	NNS	Her many romances always came first .
tr	NN	His prognosis was for the moment unclear .
tr	NNS	The servants filled her tub with hot water and quickly disappeared .
tr	NN	" But Frank 's divorce was final months ago . "
tr	NN	Sera 's bravado faded .
tr	NNS	The ideas you put in my head .
tr	NN	Love said , smiling .
tr	NN	The knight looked him up and down with an expression of distaste .
tr	NN	The majority did neither .
tr	NN	The guilt would have eaten him whole .
tr	NNS	The sentences written here were all thoughts that were inside her brain .
tr	NNS	With the basic flight maneuvers successfully checked off the list there was one more procedure that had to be performed on their maiden flight .
tr	NNS	Aquinas However , most other medieval philosophers pale in comparison to Saint Thomas Aquinas .
tr	NN	" Just a few basic questions .
tr	NN	Because ... because ... Celaena grunted as she pushed the chest to the side and folded the tapestry back from the wall .
tr	NNS	Other figures hovered at the corners .
tr	NN	What has The Program done to us ?
tr	NN	No basketball , no boyfriend , and I wasn 't even sure about my friends ... How had I turned my life upside down so fast ?
tr	NNS	" Our sources tell us that Romano is smuggling in uncut heroin by boat and dropping it offshore for pickup by Mario 's people .
tr	NNS	And yet the signs had been there all the time .
tr	NN	" And there was one more ingredient .
tr	NNS	Lining the walls at their feet , the objects held safe in curio cases glowed with the very light that had placed them to rest .
tr	NN	His backyard , it ´ s immense .
tr	NN	" I 'll rush it through , " the elder said .
tr	NN	Along with Finnick and Gale , the squad includes five soldiers from 13 .
tr	NN	To see her this bothered was a bit disarming for Lina .
tr	NNS	The kicks and punches that 'd never landed .
tr	NNS	How many immortals had to die for her to win this scrimmage ?
tr	NN	A policeman tapped me on the shoulder sharply with a baton and said , " You .
tr	NN	The Undead wanted to get at me , my parents .
tr	NNS	Flowers , like she had seen in the palace flowed over people 's walkways , their petals shining from the drops of rain .
tr	NN	All these smells reminded her of her grandfather .
tr	NNS	But my movements came to easy .
tr	NNS	Cassius asked with a grin .
tr	NNS	Your ideas made the story so much better . "
tr	NNS	Her eyelids began to grow heavy as he firmly pressed his thumbs into her palms , one then the other .
tr	NNS	She climaxed with him , her fingernails scoring his shoulders as she cried out with her own release .
tr	NNS	The door slams shut before I can say anything .
tr	NN	The setup bothered him .
tr	NN	A passenger hurrying from the expressway must inadvertently have kicked it in the direction of deceleration and now the owner was whirling away from her property .
tr	NNS	There were ideas of a ceiling fan that didn 't just hang and push the air directly down .
tr	NNS	But now resources were simply too scarce .
tr	NNS	Odd items , such as my fishing rod and bailing bucket , were somewhere on the bottom of the lake .
tr	NN	The rope around her waist pulled her back , caught on something .
tr	NN	By this point , the gryphon could have surged forward and swiped at me with its claws - quite easily .
tr	NNS	The images that surfaced next were even more disturbing than the last .
tr	NNS	Things will be better now . "
tr	NNS	When he wore this suit in the Greens , his pets were much more affectionate , more attentive to his needs .
tr	NN	The TV flickered , sound turned down , correct channel selected .
tr	NNS	Yet the creatures would simply not be happy if they tried to be partners in life .
tr	NN	Just before noon , the goat track we have been following opens up onto a small meadow .
tr	NN	Raw milk and cheese are different things though their origin is the same .
tr	NN	Was there any other explanation ?
tr	NN	The tape showed a huge vault with a complex lock system .
tr	NN	The map was missing entirely , leaving nothing but several pins left on the rotting stage .
tr	NNS	Cars spewed through the base front gate and into the civilian world as the workday ended .
tr	NNS	The political leaders put their thumbs down in protest .
tr	NNS	Looks a bit like you . "
tr	NNS	Soldiers pointed and cursed at the aliens , but the guns did nothing .
tr	NNS	There were no more shots .
tr	NN	His vanity knew no bounds .
tr	NNS	All the aliens returned to their cloud forms -- what the soldiers called " swarms " -- and attacked .
tr	NNS	Up until now , his responsibilities had been largely undefined .
tr	NNS	Two objects can exist in the same place at the same time .
tr	NNS	Hands on the door of the nearest van , tugging in frustration .
tr	NN	Love was powerful stuff .
tr	NNS	Things were bad enough .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flare in distaste .
tr	NN	The uncertainty in her voice nearly sent him mad with terror .
tr	NN	With this the chant began for all wanting to see the kiss .
tr	NN	" Its so hard to imagine you freaking out like that .
tr	NN	If her kidnapper would even allow her out .
tr	NN	The hunter kicked and struggled but couldn 't move at all .
tr	NN	The hobbit jumped nearly out of his skin when the hiss came in his ears , and he suddenly saw the pale eyes sticking out at him .
tr	NNS	Water spots still darkened the linen tablecloth , but it seemed to Lance as if it had been a year since he 'd joined her there .
tr	NN	Link glanced at Boo , who was watching him expectantly .
tr	NNS	Worst of all , clients did not hire them .
tr	NN	" A tasty morsel that I shall enjoy to the fullest .
tr	NNS	Our curses mingled together in a long , heated sputter as we surveyed the potential exit .
tr	NN	All that mattered was ensuring Charlotte 's wellbeing .
tr	NNS	For a distance of one kilometre from the fence , the authorities had a scorched earth policy .
tr	NNS	Both boxers were waiting on their corners with their seconds .
tr	NN	" Yeah , no kidding , that 's something you don 't hear about every day . "
tr	NN	A published photograph , taken from a helicopter above the town square , showed him neatly dead in his black uniform .
tr	NN	But there , at least you ' l get to play .
tr	NN	" Too bad , " his partner responded in his ear .
tr	NN	But instinct 's different isn 't it ; gut not heart , or something .
tr	NNS	Those properties weren 't even on the market . "
tr	NNS	Things seemed to have resumed some sense of normality .
tr	NN	Today or tomorrow , if the doctor 's predictions were correct .
tr	NN	" Perhaps concrete proof could break the impasse .
tr	NN	The prophecy warns that four of the twelve will lose life .
tr	NNS	" There are millions all over the world that envy the fame and fortune .
tr	NN	" Mother , the wild hunt does not do the bidding of liars or traitors .
tr	NN	" What villagers have experience in arms ? "
tr	NN	A flashlight lay beside them .
tr	NN	A car door slammed , and Susannah opened her eyes , her tranquility destroyed .
tr	NN	" Yes , we sent the crew in last Friday , " the secretary said apologetically .
tr	NNS	He looked so young and Lina had almost forgotten , wolves stop aging at twenty-five .
tr	NNS	Achilles contributed a small skin of Cretan wine .
tr	NN	What 's that mountain range in the north and east ? "
tr	NN	This other Maeve was a two-dimensional manikin , a golem created from mud and terror .
tr	NN	" The guilt will get to you .
tr	NN	Now the sheriff was beginning to sound tired and exasperated .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids fluttered down .
tr	NNS	" Alien drugs , " Walker muttered .
tr	NN	Work , Love , Relationships .
tr	NNS	Hale was happy , the other three captains were content .
tr	NNS	Halfway through the meeting however , terrible cramps seized her , worse than she ever remembered having and stealing her breath .
tr	NN	The accompanying giggle could leave a man paralysed with want .
tr	NNS	Again , my searches brought up nothing that I could match it up to .
tr	NNS	The faded vinyl letters of ' Retro Dayz ' in no way obscured his view of Carolina Dreams .
tr	NN	Any other scenario would 've taken too long .
tr	NNS	Our werewolves are howling and the soldiers are readying their rifles .
tr	NNS	The two beverages floated across the room and drifted to a stop on the table before the pair .
tr	NN	Terror and exhilaration pumped hard through my veins .
tr	NNS	Deserted roads zigzagged in front of him with trees alongside creating a twisting icy tunnel into the Virginia hills .
tr	NNS	Things have not turned out as evilly as they might . '
tr	NNS	Alexis shouts as she brings the sledge hammer high above her head .
tr	NNS	Words couldn 't explain .
tr	NNS	Looks like I 'm changing a tire in the pouring rain after all .
tr	NNS	Darcy started skirting round the dancers as quickly as she was able , moving in Rosie 's direction .
tr	NNS	Police cruisers blocked the area , their lights flashing but their sirens on mute .
tr	NNS	The media of course had a field day .
tr	NNS	His thrusts weren 't easy .
tr	NNS	All the band members got one as soon as they came out , a nice perk , a gift from one of the venues .
tr	NNS	I see a guitar , the strings broken and sticking out at odd angles .
tr	NN	Or won 't his mommy get upset if you keep him out after dark ?
tr	NN	A roar of laughter greeted this .
tr	NN	" There is no baron , never has been . "
tr	NN	As far as Derry was concerned , indeed , Garnet 's assessment of the situation was not far from the truth .
tr	NNS	Thoughts that should never enter a maiden 's head were suddenly foremost in her mind .
tr	NNS	There were signs and everything .
tr	NNS	One-on-one fights were my thing .
tr	NN	With harsh , grating roars , the dragon hurled herself at the crag that was the citadel of her enemies .
tr	NN	Chance had the guy 's blood all over him .
tr	NN	Once a measurement is made the state wave function jumps to an eigen state .
tr	NN	Now if you will excuse me , my lord , I shall make my egress through the garden , before anything else untoward occurs . "
tr	NNS	Thoughts of it ran through his mind as he flung up the hook and began to climb .
tr	NNS	" Emergency room visits are for you . "
tr	NNS	Witches , on the other hand , draw their power from those around them .
tr	NN	Well , the last option was no longer a possibility .
tr	NN	A log collapsed in the fireplace and we both turned to look at the fire , which needed stoking .
tr	NN	There was real value and for the first time you were in on the ground floor .
tr	NNS	Its tentacles rose and fell as it swam through cloth and springs .
tr	NN	His resolve was strongest there .
tr	NN	" Our current setup in town doesn 't produce enough food to feed us and save for the future . "
tr	NN	My scowl fades and my pursed lips soften just enough for Crewe to smile at my jab .
tr	NN	The goon kicked his foot , saying , " I said , get up ! "
tr	NNS	" Things shake up round here fast , Hood .
tr	NNS	Not only that , the only colors you were allowed were black and gray .
tr	NN	There was a polo player in Argentina , an automobile salesman in Japan , a department store clerk in Chicago , a television technician in New York .
tr	NNS	The opening strains of Mozart 's Horn Concerto filled the room , as subtle and supple as a private performance .
tr	NNS	In her lap was eight-month old Nicole , a thin and pallid baby with large eyes and dark hair .
tr	NNS	Errol 's nostrils flared .
tr	NNS	A few less witnesses and she might just decide to kill you . "
tr	NN	" Our revolution began even before I made the misjudgment of taking you as my mate .
tr	NNS	The tentacles were the same moonlight white as the rest of him ; the thickest ones were just at the point where chest gave in to stomach .
tr	NN	A veil had lifted from my vision , and I couldn 't - didn 't want to look away .
tr	NNS	Things were definitely looking up .
tr	NN	" Lem me put yer mounts in the barn , " the itchy fellow offered .
tr	NN	The caller sounded hesitant , a little startled at actually hearing her voice on the air after waiting on hold for nearly an hour .
tr	NNS	Hands that brushed against her arms , touched her hair and held onto her clothes , feeling in the pockets .
tr	NN	It took a few minutes to collect herself , time Mira used to finish the washing .
tr	NNS	He looked at me , his beautiful bright blues eyes flooding with a sea of fear .
tr	NN	" Your teacher didn 't die in the crash because she was already dead . "
tr	NNS	Nerves cause my heart to beat faster .
tr	NN	Their sweet fragrance filled the air .
tr	NN	Part of Major Smythe 's mind took in all these brilliantly colored little " people " and he greeted them in unspoken words .
tr	NNS	The entire table jolts and everyone flinches away from it like a school of herring scattering to avoid a shark .
tr	NN	The ward will help keep Junior inside you .
tr	NNS	There were the physical metals : iron , steel , tin , and pewter .
tr	NNS	" There are three possibilities . "
tr	NNS	His footsteps were heavy against the pavement .
tr	NNS	Immediately , Render drones came to her aid , chewing at the vines , but Percival paid them little attention .
tr	NN	The snake enticed Eve to eat the fruit .
tr	NNS	The oceans were small but many .
tr	NNS	Her dresses hung in the other room , one noticeably absent .
tr	NNS	Things might not all be okay !
tr	NN	" But nevertheless exists , whether we like it or not , " the stag said looking around at the assembled creatures .
tr	NN	The momentary lapse allowed the giant to recover .
tr	NNS	The detectives were saying that Jackson had held someone prisoner , and the person had escaped , but Dever was thinking the opposite .
tr	NNS	Words didn 't come .
tr	NNS	There were still fights and crimes , riches and poverty , but all of that would have existed even without the inter-species people in the world .
tr	NNS	The efforts of these peaceful farmers and villagers to look warlike were often ludicrous .
tr	NNS	Things had changed a lot . "
tr	NNS	The emptiness in my hands suddenly felt very real , and I swallowed down panic .
tr	NNS	In an instant her sobs filled my ringing ears .
tr	NN	The lack of news was troubling .
tr	NNS	The security cameras showed empty hallways .
tr	NN	" That bitch stole my horse ! "
tr	NNS	Abandoned objects litter the road .
tr	NN	The packaging seemed to be designed to be difficult .
tr	NN	" The coast is clear .
tr	NNS	" How far into the night do the drones carry food to the queen ? "
tr	NN	There was an inhuman roar and Ares spun around , his attention on whatever was behind me .
tr	NNS	Barnabas then shouted to capture the attention of the crowd of fighters .
tr	NNS	There were heaps of berries , fruits , and vegetables , alongside bowls of shelled nuts and grains .
tr	NNS	I breathe in the smell of warm asphalt and set off at a slow run , my sneakers slapping the ground .
tr	NN	" Unfortunately , the Everlasting Storm obscures scanning and impedes airstrikes .
tr	NN	A shuddered sob racked my chest and I felt tear drops join the rain as I knelt in that clearing , soaked to the bone .
tr	NNS	Cell phone videos hurt the most .
tr	NN	A sob broke free .
tr	NNS	Never before had he seen such a magnificent lobby , the artistic designs unlike anything every created before Louis Sullivan put drafting pen to paper .
tr	NN	" And if grandmother didn 't like a particular boy .
tr	NNS	" You are Carpathian and as such , there are certain differences in our species we cannot get around .
tr	NNS	Did you and Reina enjoy yourselves while making fun of my personal thoughts and feelings ? "
tr	NN	The sergeant waved his hands and the firing stopped .
tr	NNS	Wings spread as he fell to his knees , the pleasure too much .
tr	NNS	Panic flares through me like a wildfire and images of that night blaze through my mind .
tr	NNS	My alien butterflies are roaring back .
tr	NNS	Shouts exploded around the clearing .
tr	NNS	" No supplies are available until they are obtained from E Base . "
tr	NNS	Lots of faces , looking up at her .
tr	NN	" My lord Spirit ! "
tr	NNS	Parts of my body tingled .
tr	NN	The black sedan swung around it and stayed on our tail .
tr	NN	Why contest a divorce ? "
tr	NNS	Words cannot describe the magnificence of this divine experience .
tr	NNS	Bryn 's hugs were the best as far as I was concerned .
tr	NNS	The classrooms can get kind of cool , with the air conditioning . "
tr	NNS	A few villagers sprinted towards him , but he was already done unleashing his dark powers into existence .
tr	NN	" There was no trick involved .
tr	NN	That rebellion had collapsed when King Henry displayed the real earl to the King 's detractors .
tr	NN	Years ago when somebody else tried cloning an animal , the government had a big scandal and giant lawsuits invaded every channel on TV .
tr	NN	" How 's your uncle ? "
tr	NNS	Just like Amber did .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , single fathers didn 't have time for such lofty dreams .
tr	NNS	There are footprints in the soil just outside the front window .
tr	NN	The rice powder tickled her nose again and this time , she wasn 't able to keep from sneezing .
tr	NNS	In Chris 's filing system such items would be in a file marked Picasso or maybe Still Life with Pipe and Wine Bottle .
tr	NN	His hesitation surprised her .
tr	NNS	For people with unnaturally long lives , these mages certainly liked to rush about .
tr	NNS	The nurses were probably all swooning at his feet .
tr	NN	Only her mate could give her a full , solid form .
tr	NN	" But that chick is no cuckoo .
tr	NN	Her momentum took her into another roll , keeping her from being flanked .
tr	NN	A Jeep or truck could make it , but even that would be a challenge in the dark .
tr	NNS	" Things here aren 't always how they 're supposed to be . "
tr	NN	There was not another van in sight -- not for miles , so we just waited .
tr	NN	The euphoria of the moment seemed to grip everyone at the same instant , and the crowd broke into spontaneous hoots and applause .
tr	NN	The ruby around her neck was pulsing , glowing like a stoplight , illuminating her face .
tr	NNS	Dull thuds resonated as the creature retreated from the platform .
tr	NNS	Bottles filled with powder , shot , and pieces of iron and lead , ignited by fuses worked into the center .
tr	NNS	Things will be the way they were before , the way you wanted them to be .
tr	NNS	' My colleagues and I have created a new super drug that can bring people back from the dead .
tr	NN	Aside from that , the coven still had Isis .
tr	NN	Until then , ta ta for now !
tr	NNS	Lots of Washington politicians come here for the same purpose . "
tr	NN	Overhead , something snapped with a dry crack -- boards , being broken and peeled away , ripped free , and tossed aside .
tr	NN	Thomas ' assessment , coupled with the approval of his friends , convinced him that he made the right decision .
tr	NNS	His eyelids quivered , where I saw a brief flash of white , and realized his eyes had rolled up into his head .
tr	NNS	Side effects were edginess and lowered inhibitions .
tr	NN	The only relevant correspondence we found on the Nexus was one rather indeterminate message sent from him to her precisely one hundred and seventeen days ago . "
tr	NNS	The chances of you surviving on your own are probably half of what they would be if I accompanied you .
tr	NNS	The new tentacles were just going to have to torment the world on their own .
tr	NN	The Assembly was angry that he hadn 't consulted with them about the time and place , but there was little they could do about the matter .
tr	NN	Inside the leader was bragging to his buddy .
tr	NNS	There are a few facts I do know for sure .
tr	NN	Part of me wished I could tell him that I 'd seen my mom .
tr	NNS	A few drops of water glistened against his skin .
tr	NNS	Some bits of unrecognizable food stuck to bristles on his chin .
tr	NNS	Within hours those teachings had come under significant counter reasoning .
tr	NNS	Things like black holes in the heart of the universe , and the Theory of Relativity .
tr	NN	The deputy in the passenger seat picked up the radio and spoke into it .
tr	NNS	My grandparents moved here back in the fifties . "
tr	NN	And , just then , there 's an odd creak .
tr	NNS	Ever since the final blackout last summer , the cosmos had really come out of hiding .
tr	NN	The envoy thought for a moment before replying .
tr	NNS	There are a million different explanations .
tr	NN	And their inexhaustible sexual appetite , which they augmented by reading their partner 's fantasies and then making them come true .
tr	NNS	" Your colleagues brought you here . "
tr	NN	" What 's a prophecy ? "
tr	NN	The distant rumbling grew to a din like a hundred oncoming subway trains .
tr	NN	With the door closed and bolted behind him , the cellar took on the same fearful properties as the laboratory corridors had done earlier in the day .
tr	NNS	Shouts came as fear set in .
tr	NN	If he didn 't have proof of her perfidy , the agony she simulated would have torn down his defenses .
tr	NNS	There were terminals everywhere .
tr	NNS	Our minds relaxed , and we focused on our bodies lying intertwined .
tr	NNS	Others assumed she was a mind reader and Ember was content to let them think that .
tr	NNS	My reservations about staying in a motel evaporate as I take in the space .
tr	NN	He laughs again , big achingly beautiful belly laughs .
tr	NN	" Even that little bitch , would give up if your life is in danger . "
tr	NN	My savior tells me and puts a firm palm back over my brittle and injured shoulder .
tr	NN	The scenario seemed illogical , but perhaps that was the man 's game .
tr	NNS	There were no murmurs this time , just a collective holding of breath .
tr	NNS	Looks like we 'll be walking from here . "
tr	NNS	Damn , those drinks were stronger than I realized .
tr	NNS	Lots of girls tried out , but Amy was the one who showed the most promise . "
tr	NNS	Screams of anger turned to grunts of pain all around them .
tr	NN	The growl of the engine seemed to underscore the rage pumping just below the surface of his mind .
tr	NNS	The lockers here were only cubby holes with no doors and no numbers so this was definitely not the place .
tr	NN	A " shelf corporation . "
tr	NN	The spark that once burned in her so brightly , was now a dim light that gave little warmth .
tr	NNS	The servants came in again , providing a much needed interruption to the awkward silence .
tr	NN	Work and relationships didn 't mix as far as I knew , so we weren 't starting a relationship .
tr	NN	And with the memories comes the guilt , another feeling I have tried so hard to bury .
tr	NNS	There are so many speeds and buttons it 's taking me a while to go through the instruction manual .
tr	NNS	Thomas 's hopes lifted .
tr	NNS	" Perimeter patrols on both sides of the Belts detected no hostile ships in the area .
tr	NN	An owl hooted somewhere above us , and I pictured it sitting on the flaking branch of a gnarled pine , wide-eyed , listening .
tr	NNS	Two more hallways follow .
tr	NNS	The aromas of dirty socks and Axe body spray wafted into the hall .
tr	NNS	Moreover , the courts will make these defendants wait years in jail for their trials .
tr	NN	The brunette hugged her and patted her on the back .
tr	NNS	The warriors formed a semi-circle around the body of the fallen Paladin which they had stacked up high on neatly piled branches in a clearing .
tr	NNS	" My apologies , " Jack said .
tr	NN	" You are also Other , " the elf said with a sneer .
tr	NNS	In those three days , the two travelers found out much about their hosts .
tr	NN	" Your description is very detailed .
tr	NNS	Things are bad aren 't they ? "
tr	NNS	The creaks overhead paused , and she heard them retreat .
tr	NN	Getting to study antiques and art of this caliber was practically a vacation .
tr	NNS	Her nostrils flared and lips pursed .
tr	NN	There was something devilish and evil about him , but then , given the fact he was a god of war , that was understandable .
tr	NN	Suddenly , with an explosive hiss that shattered the windows of the Goya 's bridge , a towering plume of steam erupted skyward out of the vortex .
tr	NNS	" Our food supplies are dangerously low .
tr	NNS	Those drugs and most of the animals had to come through Mexico . "
tr	NN	Her neck ached and fury clawed at her gut .
tr	NNS	Two other Officials wander in after him , one of them with a rolled up plastic bag that I know is for Thalia .
tr	NN	" A psycho ex-husband and a psycho killer in a costume are both after you .
tr	NN	" Just calmly tell anyone asking that you 're going to get Sam something and will be right back .
tr	NN	That punk over there is only going to make his case stronger if you let him off easy .
tr	NNS	The airline tickets attached slammed him back into reality .
tr	NN	In Celestia , the only race that could not mix its blood was angels , because of their exceptional power and strength , it was forbidden .
tr	NN	The vendor shook his head .
tr	NNS	The precise movements it took to put on mascara and lipstick .
tr	NN	The haze enveloping his mind slowly cleared , and clarity struck him ... bringing a relief welling revelation : It was just a dream !
tr	NN	A gentleman did not take his seat before a lady .
tr	NN	" I did not , " Chance growled .
tr	NN	The fellow ran inside .
tr	NNS	Those poor frogs would have been sad indeed if they had not long since snuggled into a deep bed of mud .
tr	NNS	The few suits and ties were from out of town ; the resident staff wore sport shirts , and even a few tee shirts and sweatshirts .
tr	NN	The wild hunt wasn 't a tentacled nightmare anymore .
tr	NN	" The final vote will be two nights from now , when the live TV show is filmed again .
tr	NNS	The hallways were starting to empty as most of the staff at QT left for the day .
tr	NNS	The frigid winds affected her like adrenaline , each flake of snow a balm on her soul .
tr	NN	Chance stepped in front of Gwen .
tr	NN	The concept of sexual intercourse with another entity was as alien to him as breathing oxygen or consuming ground up bovine animals .
tr	NN	The trick is never letting it go . "
tr	NN	The lantern she had set on the shelf vibrated toward the edge , tilting precariously .
tr	NNS	Looks like a fine upstanding chap to me .
tr	NNS	Things were going pretty well until one of them turned around and looked at me and Victor .
tr	NNS	There were rich buyers out there .
tr	NNS	The big shots from headquarters were certain to be impressed at the demonstration tomorrow .
tr	NNS	The degrees of teaching are there for a reason , to ensure a systematic and achievable pace of learning for everyone .
tr	NN	My grandmother was there too , but wasn 't burned .
tr	NN	The guilt over the dream wouldn 't allow her to just let it go .
tr	NN	" What if there 's a crisis at school ? "
tr	NN	A clash between Henry 's men and his was the last thing on earth Royce wanted to happen , particularly now .
tr	NN	The television went blue and the movie started .
tr	NN	What an irritating sound so early in the morning .
tr	NNS	" Better not be one of those jackass frat boys you live with , " his Gramps grumbles .
tr	NN	But simple trespassing wasn 't the worst of Samuel 's sins .
tr	NN	The perception was there to stay .
tr	NNS	Normally , our patrols go unmolested , but in this case I expect to be harassed .
tr	NN	The clientele is very posh and I enjoy performing in the Overture Club . "
tr	NN	An itch no other woman could satisfy .
tr	NN	Memory holds a certain energy of its own .
tr	NN	Your suffering is inevitable .
tr	NN	That idiot will kill us all ! "
tr	NN	The terrorism squad is packing up at Navarre House . "
tr	NNS	There are security cameras all over the place and everyone else as well .
tr	NNS	Sometimes , even your efforts to remain harmless seem to provoke them .
tr	NN	A madness he had no hope of curing .
tr	NN	In my open hand the green haze of my magic started swirling , solidifying , and transforming into my wand .
tr	NN	The hypnotherapy session was to take place in the Santa Clara County Jail , in an interrogation room .
tr	NNS	Images of the raging fire flashed before me .
tr	NNS	There are other programs where people intentionally hurt and humiliate others for the sake of entertainment .
tr	NNS	Things I 'd love to be wrong about .
tr	NNS	" Demon minds bent by greed , stained with suspicion , blight the very air we breathe .
tr	NNS	Is all the wetness a welcome for me ? "
tr	NNS	Thoughts ticked over time and I came back to home .
tr	NN	Anger and frustration tinged Michael 's voice , and I could feel the depth of it emanating from him .
tr	NNS	One quick toss overboard and Rock knew that there was nothing he could do to restore what would be lost .
tr	NNS	Several torches flared to life , allowing me to find my way to the exit without tripping or groping about .
tr	NNS	Romulus blinked , shocked .
tr	NNS	Immediately , two very small metal bars extended downwards from the heel and two from the toe of the boot , penetrating the snow .
tr	NNS	Giant black rods rise from unknown depths to stand bravely on the cave floor .
tr	NN	And then there was her clothing .
tr	NNS	The Bugs don 't have to worry about that aspect of personal grooming , but I 'm pleased to report that my hair is finally growing back .
tr	NN	There was even an exceptionally vivid drawing of an act so absurdly crude , that I worried how long it would stick in my head .
tr	NNS	The signs are here , the gestures , the infinitesimal movements that you cannot control .
tr	NNS	The bars of the gate and its frame stretched from floor to ceiling , utterly blocking the way .
tr	NNS	His cards landed alongside his partner 's .
tr	NN	bargaining with a life that isn 't mine isn 't a bargain misery doesn 't come cheap John wouldn 't look at me .
tr	NN	The medicine seemed to have quieted his dad down , too , but Gregor was still unnerved by how fragile he looked .
tr	NN	His wooden dock stood empty ; the pontoon boat had been pulled out and winterized weeks ago .
tr	NNS	Here again , warriors sat on either side , but these were clearly men of importance , rank and wealth .
tr	NNS	Lots of zombies where I got ta go .
tr	NNS	The two teachers helped Andy out of the hall of aviation while Grace and Miller cleaned up his mess .
tr	NN	Simple matter now of finalizing the contracts and we 're done . "
tr	NN	Resistance to God 's voice was taking its toll .
tr	NN	Only her fragrance was there in the soft down comforter and pillows .
tr	NNS	His sneakers keep squeaking on the linoleum .
tr	NN	" The ranch , " Seth began , then stopped to cough .
tr	NN	No cutting remarks ? "
tr	NNS	Chewie stretched over , his jaws open .
tr	NNS	The colours of the world were still missing .
tr	NN	My inner punk would have shouted at him and said " I 'm not a freakin horse dude " but I chose to keep quiet .
tr	NN	The mayor waved his hand toward the large delegation behind him and paused to hear something that one of the women was saying .
tr	NN	Grief and despair weighed him down , drowning him .
tr	NN	Thinking of such things is far too difficult .
tr	NN	Catharine looked up from the novel she was curled up with , the low lamp lit up her face , causing her green eyes to glimmer .
tr	NN	He turned his body , looked her square in the eye .
tr	NNS	Two snarling mech wolves approached .
tr	NN	Ghost ran interference there while Brian lifted Candace off the floor , cradling her close as he headed toward the back with her .
tr	NN	Anna froze , the rug beneath them soaked through .
tr	NN	This burning infatuation led Goethe to consult the local doctor as to whether marriage might be detrimental to his health .
tr	NN	" And how would you know what condition the body was in ?
tr	NN	" Death awaits you , King Lowen , " muttered the elder as he scooped the bag of coin up and hid it from prying eyes .
tr	NN	The battled seemed pointless , but she wouldn 't give up without a fight .
tr	NNS	The movements were morose and even though Edo had won , fear filled him .
tr	NNS	Ancient wooden floors creaked as he walked up to the glass case that served as a counter .
tr	NN	The secretary rose from her desk when she saw Kate .
tr	NN	A black sports bra and matching low rider bikini bottoms wasn 't her most seductive getup , but it did the trick .
tr	NN	" Love is the best thing that will ever happen to you , Aly . "
tr	NNS	Other , sharper , bits embedded in the trunk of the tree .
tr	NNS	Reyes allowed it because his men were , after all , red-blooded fighting men .
tr	NN	Did The Book of Stars yield the same kind of devastating consequences ?
tr	NNS	Kris threw his shield up to block the blow , but the blade passed right through it without a sound .
tr	NNS	There were teachers in the Himalayas who had this power .
tr	NNS	Images of that horrible scene from the old stable fire kept flooding my mind : dark shadows , flames licking the night sky .
tr	NN	" My grandmother wanted him to come .
tr	NN	That huge Grizzly decided he wanted steaks and climbed right into the pen with the bull and they went at it .
tr	NN	The valet bid her a good night and departed , leaving Rebecca alone with Laura and Daniel .
tr	NN	A growl of fury rumbled within his throat .
tr	NN	A mechanism from deep within seized control , and he allowed it .
tr	NN	" Where is the cottage that Jain lived in ? "
tr	NNS	The fights aren 't fair , and real , live people end up getting hurt .
tr	NNS	There were thousands of books in his library .
tr	NNS	The Ageless ' nostrils flared .
tr	NN	" The people Locke killed , just to send me their hair in boxes .
tr	NNS	There were new items installed .
tr	NN	Georgie 's bra fell apart completely in the washing machine .
tr	NNS	The colors changed to Mat , riding through the streets of a familiar city .
tr	NNS	Names , characters and incidents are products of the author 's imagination .
tr	NN	" The rope is about eight feet off the ground .
tr	NNS	Out of my clenched fists cold drips of sweat begin to transpire .
tr	NNS	" There are absolutely no side effects from the exchanging of the souls ? "
tr	NNS	Flowers kept falling down around him , floating like snowflakes and landing in his thinning hair .
tr	NNS	Icy prickles started up Tanner 's back that had nothing to do with pinched nerves .
tr	NN	A good bison robe will keep a man warm no matter how cold the winter is . "
tr	NN	A tremor moves from its body to mine before it goes limp .
tr	NN	Still strapped in , the co-pilot 's harness would not give an inch .
tr	NN	If she was right , this discovery might also answer the other trillion-dollar question : Were there other blue times in the world ?
tr	NN	A television , radio , I couldn 't tell .
tr	NNS	Romulus snapped , pulling the girls along .
tr	NN	The Push threw Vin backward into the air , and cries of equine pain sounded amid the crash of bodies hitting the ground .
tr	NN	There 's no sympathy on his face now , only suspicion .
tr	NNS	Not long after , the sirens grew louder in the distance .
tr	NNS	The flags at each of the graves were snapping viciously .
tr	NNS	Lights lit up the street and other buildings all over , much like torches had once done in his own homeland .
tr	NN	Surprised , the sheriff had no choice but to drop his pistol and ordered the rest of the gang to follow .
tr	NNS	Our kisses had heated me up , too , but I wasn 't ready to throw my coat to the side just yet .
tr	NN	" Their clothing burns off , too , if they 're wearing any .
tr	NNS	So currents of emotion and rivulets of pain are wafting through the air , and I 'm just good at plucking them out ? "
tr	NN	A loud whistle sounded and everyone turned to Jimmy .
tr	NN	The back yard was a tangle of weeds , dandelion , and thistle .
tr	NN	" Oh , the poor lamb , bring him in here . "
tr	NN	Morning came and Daniel checked on Jeremy and Edna .
tr	NN	But the rat snake still had me frightened , plus we were in a hurry because we had to be in the fields by sunrise .
tr	NN	Gradually , the eccentric tourist and his varied companions trickled into the camp and looked into the pen with a combination of awe and pride .
tr	NN	Each stroke was almost torturous .
tr	NN	The usher chose that moment to beckon .
tr	NNS	Lives had ended because of me .
tr	NN	Love doesn 't . "
tr	NNS	The roads deteriorated quickly in the forest and could vanish in months , swallowed by undergrowth .
tr	NN	There really was a kitten . "
tr	NNS	Cooling fans engaged and Faustus nodded toward the indicators .
tr	NNS	The drums came through the speakers like synchronized thunder .
tr	NN	My grandmother told me the memories were too painful for her to bear and that I shouldn 't mention him around her .
tr	NN	The dragon took possession of her body all night .
tr	NNS	Moses plastered himself like a shadow against the cars at the dealership .
tr	NN	A peaceful getaway with my sister and friends had just begun , a getaway that would change the course of my life .
tr	NN	From somewhere in the darkness there was a humorous snort at her formal use of his name .
tr	NN	Sterling Chase 's absence was the elephant in the room , the topic on everyone 's mind , if not their tongues .
tr	NNS	Things happened to me all the time that I couldn 't explain .
tr	NNS	Long blades of grass glowed green around us , and white raindrops streaked down on us .
tr	NNS	Others call them fey , forest spirits who hunt hunters , born of the bones of the earth before mountains were mountains or God was God .
tr	NN	As they neared the end of the trail , the ocean vista opened up in all directions .
tr	NNS	The cameras weren 't down at the launch site at all .
tr	NNS	The ladies had suggested that Penny was new at the library .
tr	NNS	The classes will be more rigorous .
tr	NN	Their best option came to him almost instantly .
tr	NN	The highway runs along the east side of the river here .
tr	NN	Contact with his guards was minimal .
tr	NN	Plus the bullet in the company lounge .
tr	NNS	But appearances can be deceptive , and Merrick does not yet recognize the danger this guard poses to his future .
tr	NN	That conspiracy theory is true ? "
tr	NN	" This government thinks that these oil clouds will be a threat to them .
tr	NN	The acid soaks into it .
tr	NNS	Bugs could feel Smith 's shoulders against the back of his neck .
tr	NN	His implication was clear , and it had Jeff shifting in his seat .
tr	NNS	" You any coins left for me to take ?
tr	NN	The core of the problem was the complexity of the brain itself , and its intrinsic inefficiency .
tr	NN	" A sheriff 's bulletin with my picture on it .
tr	NN	After sex clothing would have itched his skin .
tr	NNS	She began to cry , soft sobs wracked through her as relief and love filled her .
tr	NN	The stench of blood coated every corner , every surface .
tr	NN	Next the reception committee reported their ideas for Mandy 's approval .
tr	NNS	The creatures were within bow 's range , literally on his heels .
tr	NN	The cameraman holds on a shot of the fourteen steps that lead upstairs , and then the picture jerks nauseatingly as he ascends .
tr	NNS	Things have been crazy the last couple of days .
tr	NN	The archivist has never found him , ' said the Lecturer in Recent Runes .
tr	NNS	The guardians would be so flustered they would give in .
tr	NN	The nerve of that guy I ... " " Actually I gave him a couple of numbers .
tr	NN	" Some idiot teased you about the cute ones on your nose . "
tr	NN	Her father 's weakness had been the authority he wielded .
tr	NNS	The leaders had set their defences in place .
tr	NN	The writing on the scroll faded away to nothing .
tr	NN	The small mountain of evidence filled eleven and a half corrugated storage boxes .
tr	NNS	The binoculars fell toward the water and the shoestring strap pulled hard on his neck .
tr	NN	A large patterned rug , splashed with vibrant reds , browns , and golds , covered the gleaming wood floor .
tr	NN	The clunky knight was retreating to his hiding place .
tr	NN	The cough makes the telltale whoop through her chest .
tr	NNS	Dragons were his domain .
tr	NN	The Coast Guard pilot remained in his chopper with strict instructions not to use the radio .
tr	NNS	Such foolish creatures , she could have died now and saved herself the agony waiting for her , on the world below ; he thought .
tr	NN	His unicorn was already waiting , eager to be off , wanting to spend some time alone with his long sundered master .
tr	NN	" The trick is to say you 're sorry .
tr	NNS	Achilles is in ascension . "
tr	NN	The tip broke from the force of hitting Xavier 's palm .
tr	NNS	As in the sacred grove , frightened villagers had picked up all the available wood .
tr	NNS	Things were hard back in the fifties and my family had a tough time just putting food on the table .
tr	NN	My subconscious gave you an important skill and inserted you into my team .
tr	NN	A tabby cat stretched out by the fireplace , his tail wrapped around his body .
tr	NNS	These youth gangs were menacing some of the innocent citizens trying to get on with the difficult job of survival .
tr	NN	( whispering into a patron 's ear ) Have you seen the odd gent with the cane ?
tr	NN	Helen 's keyboard clattered in the background as she checked Kurt 's records .
tr	NNS	There are other creatures of magic , possibly every one you 've heard of in mortal fiction , and more .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of him burned through me every second of every day .
tr	NNS	" The Officials call the immunisation a cure . "
tr	NNS	Skulls pondered the situation for a moment .
tr	NN	Matted fur matched a long tail , hanging limply to one side .
tr	NNS	Things were so difficult to judge .
tr	NNS	Quiet sobs leaked out from Antonia 's refuge .
tr	NNS	The contents didn 't surprise her .
tr	NN	The vicar came from the side of the church to get up on the step of the carriage .
tr	NNS	Big changes always came when the purple changed hands , and often the changes weren 't good .
tr	NNS	Waves of heat came from within my own body and sweat trickled down my face .
tr	NN	Terror fills her expression as she looks from me to the door and then her gaze lands on the window .
tr	NN	" A heart surgeon " " That 's wonderful . "
tr	NN	The antler chandelier once suspended over the dining table now sat in a broken pile on the floor beside my feet .
tr	NNS	" Sometimes my clients won 't accept the answers I come up with .
tr	NNS	" The chains are a necessity . "
tr	NNS	Some statements did not deserve a reply , no matter how they twisted her innards .
tr	NNS	Her boobs looked like they belonged to someone else .
tr	NN	" The siren and a human child mature simultaneously .
tr	NN	There was one last staircase to climb .
tr	NN	The Crown of Kingship was too heavy to bear and its weight crushed him .
tr	NNS	" There were also fountains with all the cider you could drink and shining towers of pure silver . "
tr	NN	A network of polarized rods was holding it in place , about a quarter-mile above the surface .
tr	NN	That landing was awesome !
tr	NN	Some crosses seem to be associated with missing babies .
tr	NNS	Questions , especially why and what , fulfilled those desires .
tr	NN	Part of you knows it 's fake and that they 're not going to kill you .
tr	NN	As soon as I have spoken the words the gates sweep open , beckoning us inside .
tr	NN	" My grandma Quincey and Adam 's grandmother , old Mrs. Franklin .
tr	NNS	Things could have been much worse , and she knew it .
tr	NNS	But rats are ver - ' ' Don 't say it ! '
tr	NN	At first their progress was hard to measure , but as they kept working , a definite hole began to form .
tr	NN	At his touch , my own annoyance faltered , as did my words .
tr	NNS	Guns came out of pockets and waistbands .
tr	NNS	The butterflies in Anne 's stomach at the beginning of the interview left her as she began to talk about her work .
tr	NNS	The deceased 's left and right wrists were slit ; the lacerations are approximately 0.009 in .
tr	NN	The priest sucked on his pipe , ' Hmm , devil 's work . '
tr	NNS	The holy warriors are the same as Big Simon , just with a little bit more hypocrisy .
tr	NN	A human warrior stood before the creature and did not flinch at his growl .
tr	NN	If Nate had any questions about Carl 's intentions , his complete lack of even acknowledging we 'd arrived proved there wasn 't anything to worry about .
tr	NNS	Wings would make this easy .
tr	NN	A subdued rustling denoted the changing of the guard , accompanied both by sighs of relief and resignation .
tr	NN	" The gap in our ages hasn 't narrowed . "
tr	NNS	Immediately , my hackles went up , angry to see someone openly judge the sanctuary .
tr	NNS	There are no revolutionary changes .
tr	NN	The corset cut into her again , and spots danced before her eyes .
tr	NNS	" The suits are mostly from Wellington , the casual dressers from Auckland . "
tr	NN	This time Kit was the one to answer crisply .
tr	NN	Up ahead , a lightning swift rustle blurred my vision , and in that instant , a tingle of languid awareness rippled through me .
tr	NN	This whole exercise could not have been more opportune for Ben and he set about this task with a zeal that astonished friends and superiors alike .
tr	NNS	With hollow eyes and loose skin , the zombies were a sickening sight .
tr	NN	The tech walked them down the hall .
tr	NNS	In all the gaps between the pentagram 's five points were runes and squiggles that hurt Will 's eyes when he looked at them .
tr	NN	" The maid said they were out for the day and would return tomorrow morning .
tr	NN	No offense means losing .
tr	NN	" A fairly perfect description of his current condition ! "
tr	NN	" Well , yes , Vessel , " the priest said , glancing at his companions .
tr	NNS	There was also red , green and white plastic flags hanging from the rafters .
tr	NN	The sheer lack of emotion on his face said more than words could .
tr	NN	A stubborn glint appeared in his eyes .
tr	NNS	All the high hopes I 'd come here with were starting to teeter .
tr	NN	His growl was the last thing I heard before his head descended and his tongue parted my labia .
tr	NN	But his audacity , his lack of fear , provoked her at the same time .
tr	NN	Outside the stone walls of the little house a thunderous roar shattered the silence .
tr	NN	His bedside unit was right up against his bed and he managed to drag the bag towards him so that it flopped down onto the mattress .
tr	NNS	The images he provoked shot it down , rent and bloodied .
tr	NNS	Many Council members had drivers or assistants with them , now , posing as bodyguards .
tr	NNS	Those same ages had tempered his fury , however , and he found his task difficult to do .
tr	NNS	Now the two squares are overflowing with people .
tr	NN	An answering spark lit his eyes .
tr	NN	The loft could hold a couple of children , but he never had the chance .
tr	NN	" Yeah , my partner has some things to tie up before he can meet us there .
tr	NNS	The drinks arrived in lightning time , the conversational dynamic repeating the previous pattern .
tr	NNS	Things on the streets weren 't going well , however .
tr	NN	The adrenaline charged atmosphere aboard Teleport , as a result of the goons failed pursuit , was beginning to wane .
tr	NNS	Waves of distress and fear swamped them from all directions .
tr	NNS	Sadness filled her heart .
tr	NNS	Cadmus stated with frustration , " I will honor your preventive measures , but please hurry if possible .
tr	NNS	Such differences are manifest in the variable intensity of human experience , from the revolutionary rush of change to the quiet recurrence of the familiar .
tr	NN	A bullet cracked over my head and made me jump .
tr	NN	" Your regiment must scout ahead of us tomorrow , lieutenant colonel .
tr	NNS	When I look through the falcon the colors aren 't as clear . "
tr	NN	The first mate looked exhausted as he trudged past Jeff toward the crew quarters to grab a few hours of sleep .
tr	NNS	Apparently , there were some bombing raids over this region , targeting shipyards , power stations , and other fuel sources .
tr	NN	Unfortunately , the television in my room seems to be on the fritz .
tr	NN	Part of my face goes warm and wet .
tr	NNS	Greek fathers , especially those in the smaller villages were extremely protective of their daughters for this very reason .
tr	NN	Where was her delivery ?
tr	NNS	The media has a similar situation , as in armed forces .
tr	NNS	' And the servants have special dispensation . '
tr	NNS	The other dolphins responded with clicks , whistles and trills , expressing their willingness to do as the Creator commanded .
tr	NNS	Blank minds were what they needed .
tr	NN	Any explanation she might have given as to how he 'd gotten her bag and who had taken it and why , would fall on deaf ears .
tr	NNS	There were interviews conducted of all of the Guardians .
tr	NNS	Our flashlights cast white circles of light on the strange , empty wooden crates .
tr	NNS	Her servants and her guards were cold , either too intimidated by or too respectful of Hugh to disobey his order to not speak to her .
tr	NNS	Their edges flicker like faulty fluorescent tubes .
tr	NN	' Just a precaution , Aunt Pol , ' he told me .
tr	NNS	Jake 's eyelids shuttered , leaving his eyes midnight dark .
tr	NNS	There were no tigers in America .
tr	NNS	But they also include common experiences , especially as our nations took their initial steps across this continent .
tr	NNS	Their minds fought their hearts .
tr	NN	We ' l get Devon back for you . "
tr	NN	" Ice cream sundaes ! "
tr	NNS	His baby blues lit up .
tr	NN	The police escort arrived in Afton with sirens blaring .
tr	NN	His sister-in-law never paid calls before afternoon , and he had never known her to go anywhere with his brother during the day .
tr	NNS	The dancers rushed out on stage .
tr	NN	The elf takes a shaky breath .
tr	NN	His tail wagged furiously when he saw that one of his favorite people was there .
tr	NNS	Our grandparents lived such different lives , had such different views .
tr	NNS	The visitors were a strange mixture .
tr	NN	" He looks hurt , " another fellow declared , coming down from the wagon .
tr	NNS	Church activities , along with school , kept her mind busy during the day .
tr	NNS	Closer and closer the footsteps grew until he felt something grab at his ankles and trip him up .
tr	NN	The sheriff slammed his tan SUV into park right where it was and crossed to Mark with a quickness belying the casualness of his bearing .
tr	NN	And then Prophet walked into the shop as if none of it were happening .
tr	NN	The passion in his voice was so real .
tr	NNS	Things blurred in the shadowy fog .
tr	NNS	Two guardians walked past me just then , and I caught a piece of their conversation , mentioning extra patrols for the council meeting going on .
tr	NN	A spider leapt at Max , and Tavi took a clumsy swing at it with the First Lord 's blade .
tr	NN	The compulsion to share her news with Peter had evaporated as quickly as it had come .
tr	NNS	The remaining two creatures , seeming to think better of the situation , turned and sprang toward the gates .
tr	NN	Perhaps another intelligent species developed on this planet . "
tr	NN	Some warm folk kill cold folk .
tr	NN	The on-line shopping was a little unnerving to Madison at first .
tr	NN	The admiral explained that no other nation had threatened the East Coast but he wanted the extra protection afforded by the subs .
tr	NN	Jazz was good at reading people , good at sensing setups and deceptions , and she felt nothing .
tr	NN	There is a thud as a door is flung open .
tr	NNS	The lockers were eight feet tall .
tr	NNS	" Not really , but your companions are .
tr	NNS	I hope to Mary these gates don 't have multiple stops .
tr	NNS	Cars and trucks glinted in the parking lot sunlight as they waited for their owners to return from finishing their breakfasts .
tr	NNS	Sadness floods his eyes again .
tr	NN	Her sister-in-law had encouraged her to go to college , to be her own woman .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of everything she was responsible for fell like dominoes .
tr	NN	An angel peaked out from behind a large fern , her pearlescent gown glimmering with the glow of blazing candlelight .
tr	NN	Watching the sweet sway of her h * ps proved a double-edged sword .
tr	NNS	" You go out of your way to get into the natural world , then want to hide some perfectly natural functions , that 's your hang-up .
tr	NNS	Many species found her smile intimidating .
tr	NN	Perhaps waiting one more life before hearing Dr. Palm 's explanation was for the best .
tr	NN	Lust fills their expressions .
tr	NNS	Her responsibilities were immense .
tr	NN	There was something wilder , more untamed about him .
tr	NN	An ant doesn 't ask ' Why am I here ? '
tr	NN	Her pelt kept the rain from penetrating to her skin .
tr	NN	The priest softly spoke a few words and the words stopped weaving and formed together .
tr	NNS	Their markings made them part of the Reptiles clan .
tr	NN	' In the past , your madness has filled your world with imagined enemies .
tr	NN	A loud thud sounded above us and Harper and I stilled .
tr	NN	Her weave , reborn , raced across the ground and found the old man 's feet .
tr	NN	The transition was akin to stepping out of a cool house into sweltering desert heat .
tr	NN	The clothing she wore , however , made my heart stutter .
tr	NNS	The mattress shifted underneath me , and Henry wrapped his arm around me and pressed his chest against my back .
tr	NN	the leader asked , hopefully .
tr	NN	But there is no raft .
tr	NN	My gut instinct was to go get the hatchet and start chopping some stakes .
tr	NNS	Her tutors had trained her .
tr	NNS	" What are their deaths like ? "
tr	NN	Once they were lined up and quieted down , a drill sergeant came out of the office .
tr	NNS	His fingernails were something out of a horror film .
tr	NN	" A little dramatic , are we ? "
tr	NN	The hunter sprinted straight at the kingpin 's tree and hurled a hatchet at it .
tr	NN	The third hunter started then mumbled again , " Weird . "
tr	NN	The vast majority of citizens in his kingdom never set foot inside his throne room , and he preferred it that way .
tr	NNS	Others choose to donate their body for the defense of the Kingdom .
tr	NNS	No signs of purple and the cows had calmed down .
tr	NNS	The mattress felt like a part of the original inventory .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids fluttered to stay open as she pulled herself toward the old woman .
tr	NNS	The countess ascended the six stairs to the terrace .
tr	NN	Mortimer 's dark chuckle echoed through the foyer .
tr	NNS	There were currently thousands of people from all over the world communicating on this one yahoo website .
tr	NNS	The few solid hits he 'd scored could have been mere inconveniences to men in plate .
tr	NN	And sure anyway , half the neighbourhood don 't have them either .
tr	NNS	Against her will , her eyelids eased shut , and she was drawn down into darkness .
tr	NN	A magical place where anything might happen , where dreams might come true .
tr	NNS	Had Sebastian 's actions sent her relationship with Max back to where it had been only two weeks ago ?
tr	NNS	Our spies inside the city report that Marcus has sent his army by sea .
tr	NNS	All expressions looked for hope , for good news .
tr	NNS	And now all those lands lie under the wave .
tr	NNS	There are stores where you have to shop .
tr	NNS	Horrible nausea washes over me as the poison settles in my gut .
tr	NNS	A half-dozen screens , each with its blip in a different position , lit up .
tr	NNS	Others were coercive . "
tr	NN	Another twang punctuated her words , and the grate next to Baran shifted downward .
tr	NN	After a while , the captain even decided to take the lead .
tr	NN	" Go on , " the elderly Prince smiled .
tr	NN	The cart clattered up the main street .
tr	NN	Sure , a clean slate seemed as good a ruse as anything .
tr	NNS	The whispers were louder as he headed back to the patrol car .
tr	NN	A pulse jumped in Falconer 's temple .
tr	NNS	Flames soared into the black sky , yet the fireproof piano remained unscathed .
tr	NN	Obviously , Perry 's stint with the FRU foster program had brought him into contact with Burnett .
tr	NNS	Bugs of all colors and bizarre shapes climbed on his boot .
tr	NNS	The colors around her sharpened and the bakery was abuzz with such joie de vivre that she was almost moved to tears .
tr	NN	This layer will keep any internal heat from dissipating into space .
tr	NNS	" No witnesses , no footprints , no traces of anything to indicate she didn 't jump in the river because she wanted to . "
tr	NN	" You 're going in that room , " Aris spit in his ear .
tr	NN	What good does a theory do us when there 's no way to test it ?
tr	NN	As commanded , his partner had not only taken down his opponent but also disarmed him .
tr	NNS	His magical abilities were too weak to support a power name .
tr	NN	A low growl tore my mind away from the silver wolf on the other side of the water .
tr	NNS	Looks like Will broke it .
tr	NN	Your engagement , getting married , your jobs , the ... incident , ' she finished quietly .
tr	NN	The " tip " had been accurate .
tr	NNS	They carried AK-47s , their hats pulled low over their eyes .
tr	NN	Overhead a shooting star whisked across the sky .
tr	NN	" Some discomfort keeps me sharp , rebooting my system instead of lying in drug-induced comfort , which might mask some deterioration in progress .
tr	NN	" No , but sunshine is .
tr	NNS	Our predictions had been extremely accurate until recently . "
tr	NNS	His meetings at a partner company with the young , beautiful marketing director , who makes no secret of her desire for him , are a temptation .
tr	NN	If the latter ... the magnitude of the task amazed him .
tr	NNS	Things could get very black if Tessa made another mistake .
tr	NNS	She told him about her teaching post and some of the naughty things her pupils tried before she established her authority .
tr	NNS	" What do the latest tests reveal ? "
tr	NN	The Angel 's leader was the first to turn on the Assassins .
tr	NNS	Open areas stretched between the long buildings and the walls of the spacecraft nests .
tr	NNS	Things seemed to be going smoothly as though the seas urged Leo and his crew to the island .
tr	NNS	The villagers certainly had been very grateful .
tr	NN	The map was your blueprint .
tr	NN	Sure , to anyone else our exchange probably didn 't mean anything , but to us , we 'd just said it all .
tr	NNS	Their expressions were watchful as though daring me to confess .
tr	NNS	Two more shots struck their protective shield , and another pair of flowers ( both a dusty lavender ) bloomed .
tr	NNS	Girls -- although most of them were in a relationship -- looked at him with a kind of seductive fire in their eyes .
tr	NNS	A couple swallows were all Jason could manage before he lapsed into a coughing fit that seemed to steal his breath away .
tr	NN	Then Chance put the phone down .
tr	NNS	More terrified sobs rose from the children crouched under their desks .
tr	NNS	The Texas supporters that hadn 't walked out , in another .
tr	NNS	" Folks , Shelby and Pete 's youngest , Maria , has disappeared from the party .
tr	NN	The huge reptile was flapping its wide wings on the rocky shore .
tr	NN	She drew her sword and flew toward him , the tip notched against his neck .
tr	NN	" If you must know , darling , long and somewhat tedious . "
tr	NNS	There were not many seats behind the first curtain , but they were of leather and seemed to be comfortable .
tr	NN	Then one LED turned green .
tr	NN	Easter 's stature among his peers rose immediately .
tr	NNS	Just then , the tentacles snap straight , and the aura becomes a wall behind Dina , shoving her toward the edge of the stage .
tr	NN	" My daddy would never have done that . "
tr	NNS	What are the chances ?
tr	NN	" The doll has a unique hairdo , for starters .
tr	NNS	' There are some filing cabinets in the attic .
tr	NN	" Friggin ' freezing in our room sometimes ! "
tr	NN	The gap was , in the end , just a natural crack in a natural wall , but its bearing was that of a city gate .
tr	NN	For some reason , a high concentration of O2 will kill most headaches .
tr	NNS	The Gray leaders do not respond .
tr	NN	The tremble in his arm became a familiar convulsion .
tr	NN	The girl Citizen shifted her weight pulling her face out of his hands .
tr	NNS	Images began to flood her mind .
tr	NN	A refugee can 't be more than fifteen miles away from the refugee camp before they 're shocked by leashes , like a dog .
tr	NNS	All the resistance members in the world couldn 't compete with the insider 's knowledge I had of the Troika 's top tier officials .
tr	NN	There was still a standoff , as Assassin confronted Assassin .
tr	NNS	Many governments seemed be interested in the island after they have gathered the intelligence regarding Ricky .
tr	NNS	Her footsteps were slow and laboured , and she felt like she was running through treacle .
tr	NNS	" The basics plus the first four practice patterns . "
tr	NNS	There were websites for that .
tr	NN	My landlord picked up on the fourth ring , " Yeah . "
tr	NNS	The hounds were quiet , milling about .
tr	NNS	Whether the book 's fluctuating temperature and fragile , smoldering edges had anything to do with the mystery surrounding it .
tr	NN	There was only one explanation : somehow the teachers had found out that she 'd cheated at her exams .
tr	NN	The blood doesn 't pump , the passion doesn 't surge .
tr	NN	Just the tip of the top of the syringe was visible .
tr	NNS	The lease payments would recoup the purchase price in less than three years .
tr	NN	The audience was on their feet , clapping and crying , rushing in a herd toward the troops .
tr	NN	The roar carried even through the thick stone of the dungeon wal s. " You , sir , " said a timid voice .
tr	NNS	Valerius took a step back and inclined his head to them .
tr	NNS	Didn 't all scholars look a bit crazy and have long beards ?
tr	NNS	Screams were all she could hear .
tr	NN	We 're paying you too much , ' Love quipped .
tr	NN	The student had got up early on Sparkler Lake , restless and unwilling to stay beside a lake so small that it held no mysteries .
tr	NN	" How 's the big treasure hunt going ? "
tr	NNS	There were no false promises in those sapphire eyes .
tr	NNS	Whole races were going to be thrown at each other , and nothing had prepared us for that .
tr	NN	The stroking stilled and I lifted my head , gazing at my lover .
tr	NNS	Over the years since each had been made into widowers , their surroundings had reflected the overall lack of concern each had invested in their environments .
tr	NNS	The fierceness of her glare stabs at me .
tr	NNS	Without her , there was only hollow emptiness .
tr	NNS	Others moved forward to set up their camp while Heather and the commanding officer waited with the messenger .
tr	NN	" Yes , Sir " replied the Sergeant , ushering Will towards the lander .
tr	NNS	I gave her a long kiss , then began laughing about the drunken antics of our colleagues when she yawned openly in my face .
tr	NN	One other major factor is the electrical conductivity of the object .
tr	NNS	Her efforts to dry off had been very ineffective .
tr	NN	His fedora fell off , and his cane clattered down the porch steps .
tr	NNS	The goblins worship the PCs as gods and lavish all manner of things on them .
tr	NNS	" Things are not always as they seem .
tr	NNS	His minions retreated as if blown by a fierce wind .
tr	NN	The teacher smacked the table with the flat of her palm .
tr	NNS	Curious about the commotion , Katrina fluttered into the kitchen .
tr	NN	A second landing to the west would be logical but more difficult for them . "
tr	NNS	The oval corridor cylinders are in six different sizes .
tr	NN	The hook swung down low , smashing the infected giant across its boiled face , and continued toward the stack of hay .
tr	NN	Hank ( chuckling ) : Can 't argue with you there - the bitch is loony .
tr	NNS	The sand warriors had vanished .
tr	NNS	But in any case , the coaches had always carried passengers .
tr	NNS	Several pairs of eyes turned to us as we entered .
tr	NN	But why the reference to alien markings when that had been kept secret from the public ?
tr	NN	They all clapped , their football helmets bobbing back and forth .
tr	NNS	There were careful footsteps on the stairs behind him .
tr	NN	The scar on his cheek was just part of a larger series of scars covering his body .
tr	NNS	Its ripples were unfriendly , sending warning in their movements , while shouting echoed around her , seemingly emanating from the ground beneath her feet .
tr	NNS	' May the nations praise you , O God .
tr	NNS	Others had already begun squeezing their clothes or shaking their caps .
tr	NNS	" All roads lead to home , John . "
tr	NNS	There 's a dark , slender form beneath him , the reins all tangled around it .
tr	NNS	Elias scowled , aware that he was losing the thread of the conversation .
tr	NN	And the last abode of Darian the Seer is an area of personal expertise .
tr	NN	" No werewolf smell .
tr	NN	The dwarfs knew something .
tr	NNS	By the time I reach the concrete floor , my companions are on the steps .
tr	NNS	Others travel by foot .
tr	NN	The tender listened to each of the tribunes and generals in the room .
tr	NN	The delicate fragrance seemed to come from these plants .
tr	NNS	Things were picking up between us ; lines were blurring faster and faster .
tr	NN	Each thrust of the hoe into the soil sent constituent parts of Ella 's voluptuous form in motion .
tr	NNS	' Ugly bits ' was an excellent way to describe those translucent patches .
tr	NN	His arrival showed he was a supernatural creature of some sort .
tr	NN	My snort blew out a plume of white .
tr	NN	Best case scenario , the alternate power source would feed the magnetic field for another nine to fourteen months .
tr	NNS	The suspects were all in their mid-twenties , wearing plain brown pants , worn shirts , and dirty boots .
tr	NNS	The poisons sat in neat rows , their glass containers precisely labeled in the Old Tongue .
tr	NNS	Her preparations continued entirely on auto-pilot as she sorted her scheming for the morning 's work .
tr	NNS	Unlike most mornings , the servants were courteous and cheerful , and breakfast was served promptly .
tr	NN	The wailing of a baby coated in blood , and then a scream .
tr	NN	The big fellow reached out and took a long drink from his mug .
tr	NN	Mister 's tail twitched .
tr	NNS	The ragged figures left him with a kick or two and ran .
tr	NNS	Things were still a mess between us , but I was at least relieved that she 'd dragged herself up .
tr	NNS	Even the elves and fae began to forget .
tr	NNS	Reyes didn 't say a word .
tr	NNS	Emily 's nostrils flare when she says it .
tr	NNS	Her movements were jerky and awkward , and he could see an angry red patch of skin where she 'd burned her hand on something .
tr	NNS	And readers needed to read .
tr	NNS	The two junior healers scrambled out with their supplies .
tr	NN	There was no honeymoon ; the young couple were hard at work fixing up the hen runs and the new milking shed .
tr	NNS	All the inhibitions dissolve .
tr	NNS	Others say her body faded and she returned to the Darkness . "
tr	NNS	The gates swung open slowly , and Dahlia held her breath until he thought she was going to pass out .
tr	NN	As I get closer , the mob surrounds her , packing their bodies tighter together , like their trying to block me from getting to her .
tr	NNS	This place is for me , those chains are for me .
tr	NN	Another whim sweeping the country is for males to be clean shaven .
tr	NN	The sheriff adjusted himself in his chair , leaning forward over his hands clasped together in the center of the small table .
tr	NN	His reputation drew people from miles away .
tr	NNS	No doubt , her hopes were high that it would be Kurt .
tr	NN	After passing the finish line , the winner danced a crazy jig , as if celebrating a hard fought victory .
tr	NN	His partner was Detective Ingram .
tr	NN	What is this map ? "
tr	NN	His sober pal hauled him toward the Land Rover , mumbling warnings to shut the hell up as he stuffed him into the passenger side .
tr	NNS	" The defenders of the Alamo , " he concluded .
tr	NN	" It is not only you they will come after , " the priest paused , " they will come after the Maker .
tr	NN	A hawk dropped out of the sky and landed on his bracer .
tr	NN	The stench of manure hung over the river like a cloud .
tr	NN	Maybe it ' l help you feel better . "
tr	NNS	The emptiness it left behind ached more than the sharp , fiery pain I 'd felt when Patch walked out .
tr	NN	Her discomfort meant little to the producers and director .
tr	NN	The flower market was too close to home .
tr	NN	Her British accent was ... refreshing .
tr	NNS	Your schemes are at an end . '
tr	NNS	" Our shops order things directly from manufacturers , just like human stores do .
tr	NN	asked Jasmin , looking over her shoulder , relieved that Dave was pointing the camera at her now .
tr	NNS	Two pairs of eyes widened as they took in his size .
tr	NNS	Sharp spikes slid from the edge of the disk , pointing down .
tr	NNS	All signs pointed to an individual rather than a raiding party .
tr	NN	The beautiful blonde spotted Annabelle and gasped , stilled .
tr	NNS	Odysseus broke off the haggling to frown at him .
tr	NNS	A few burning scraps of paper fluttered to the ground .
tr	NN	The black rider looked over the cowering townsfolk disdainfully , as a woman might a dead mouse in her pantry .
tr	NN	After a while , the pen began to write .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared , and his chiseled features grew hard .
tr	NNS	All the fights I 'd been through tonight , all the nicks and cuts and lumps and bumps I 'd gotten .
tr	NN	The cowboy raced off , following Fred .
tr	NNS	" Well , when the sun came up the next day there were bits of flotsam floating on the surface .
tr	NNS	Drugs tear apart families . "
tr	NN	So the sherry created some strange mixtures .
tr	NNS	Half the friggin ' clientele ran for the door . "
tr	NNS	Once Dr. Zimmerman gets it in his head to start drugging you , your abilities will become dormant . "
tr	NNS	Young ladies have lost all sense of decorum in this day ! "
tr	NNS	All his bearings ran along different tracks .
tr	NN	" Would the master want a fresh bowl for his ablutions this morn ? "
tr	NNS	Always ten degrees hotter there than it is here . "
tr	NN	The clothing clearly was something that she had picked up from the Dragon .
tr	NNS	The wayward strands continued to frame her broad , heavily freckled face .
tr	NNS	Folks were driving inland after a day at our beaches , one last weekend before Labor Day .
tr	NN	Part of it was up , and the rest lay in long curls around her shoulders .
tr	NNS	Others abandoned their shopping carts , grabbed their children , and fled the store .
tr	NN	A plump and generous threesome tasting of a hint of rose and coriander . "
tr	NNS	Whatever they needed it for , chances were good they 'd tried to get werewolf blood through other means first .
tr	NN	The honeymoon really was over .
tr	NNS	Hopper simply continued to stare at him , tongue hanging out the front of his mouth just slightly , jaws parted .
tr	NN	That dock isn 't safe even in the summer . "
tr	NNS	The front door slams and his car tires squeal a minute later as he drives off .
tr	NN	Meanwhile , my injury continued to plague me ; I ran neither cross-country nor track , but concentrated on making a comeback .
tr	NN	A chorus of laughter greeted his cold stare .
tr	NN	As we proceeded , the chanting became more understandable .
tr	NNS	Girls might think differently , but I know they talk to each other about us too .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flare and he reminds me of a bull .
tr	NNS	Her head dips , as if she 's not convinced of what she 's saying .
tr	NN	" There 's a limit , " Doug said starkly , " and frankly I 've reached it . "
tr	NNS	" Our fathers are at Harbor View Medical Center . "
tr	NN	But he didn , t believe it .
tr	NN	The guilt for the hurt he had done was clear in his blue eyes .
tr	NNS	You actions may very well have prevented her from reclaiming what she is rightfully hers .
tr	NNS	Inside , giddy butterflies fluttered about .
tr	NN	Each weave fixed a wrong , healed the youth a little more , made something just a hair more right in the world .
tr	NN	Your grandmother is the best quilter there is . "
tr	NN	Finally , after a few moments of hacking , during which I was positive we would be caught , the coughing slowed .
tr	NNS	At times the Valiant turned into the wind at an angle , sails positioned to keep slicing forward .
tr	NNS	All colors drained from their faces , and they dropped whatever they were holding .
tr	NN	The map of the world then zoomed in to Western Europe and a pink teardrop stabbed into a town in Portugal .
tr	NNS	Another warrior winds up an overhead chop , but the boy immediately dashes away .
tr	NNS	The vamps regulate how many of them get turned , so when the wolves took down a vamp , it decimated their numbers as well . "
tr	NN	No , the caller ID doesn 't say anything at all .
tr	NN	My pulse throbs against the band of my chronometer .
tr	NN	The scar crinkled , and his hazel eyes narrowed , the crow 's feet at their corners spreading until the smile affected his whole face .
tr	NN	A raven launches out of the snow beside the shed , croaking bitterly .
tr	NN	The castle was cold and dark .
tr	NNS	" Where are the living quarters ? "
tr	NNS	Soldiers were running away from the blackness or attacking things that didn 't seem to be there .
tr	NNS	Questions raced through his mind .
tr	NN	His voice was utterly beautiful , a soft melody of words , the cadence pure and perfectly pitched so that they all strained to hear him .
tr	NNS	There were some reeds close by , so he crawled and floated his way through the shallow water , and nestled himself amongst them .
tr	NNS	His eyelids lowered and his expression shifted to one of triumph .
tr	NNS	Five more zombies jumped out and I took them down with a breeze .
tr	NNS	Still , a few fans had already fount it .
tr	NN	Light and fire flashed outside the window .
tr	NNS	A few minutes later the drinks came .
tr	NNS	The distances were simply too great . '
tr	NN	His captain would not like the competition .
tr	NN	The liquid hadn 't stolen his powers .
tr	NN	Past the grove just a short way was Superintendent Stevenson 's house .
tr	NNS	Few faculty members would be in till Monday , so he had his pick of parking places .
tr	NN	As gaunt as a stick of chalk , and just as dry and dusty , the teacher peered over her fingertips at the class .
tr	NN	The pot , of course , she recognized .
tr	NNS	" There are no hotels around here , only the guesthouse in the factory .
tr	NNS	All the marble toddlers had chubby features and dimpled joints .
tr	NNS	Alexis didn 't get what the big mystery was about .
tr	NNS	Jack Branson was a legend , someone Joey had watched since he was twelve .
tr	NNS	Finally , the gates were open enough to allow riders through .
tr	NN	Besides , every other paranormal investigator out there is a doctor or a reverend or something .
tr	NN	An amused chuckle behind me spun me around .
tr	NN	" Wren 's a miracle worker , " the clown said .
tr	NN	Here the surprising lack of damage ended , as a large section of his bedroom wall was missing where the window had once been .
tr	NN	" The theory is , we mutated from homo sapiens a long time ago .
tr	NNS	All the items disappeared in the evenings after Past Perfect was closed .
tr	NN	" Something far more stringent than that , " the surgeon said .
tr	NNS	Sirens were blaring , loud , threatening .
tr	NN	" The market was down last year , so I held on to it , and I 've been renting it out .
tr	NN	Jazz sighed , leaned her head against the backrest and closed her eyes .
tr	NN	My neighbor complains about this .
tr	NNS	Their minds were probably conjuring up all sorts of improbable scenarios .
tr	NN	When the actual culprit was bad translation , On a perilous journey through a strange dimension , The colonel lost his marbles !
tr	NNS	Any congratulations she may have intended to offer for his success in Osaka had apparently slipped down into the cracks of her frown .
tr	NNS	Alphas had always annoyed her .
tr	NN	The disinfectant they used at the studio didn 't bother her at all , nor did the sight of blood oozing from a fresh tattoo .
tr	NNS	But my father 's servants have a soft spot for me .
tr	NNS	The whispers grew louder ; they grated against her skin as harshly as the coarse cloth covering her head .
tr	NNS	The black levers are for steering .
tr	NN	We ' re gon na cash in on this one together , and then we 're both gon na blow this town for good . "
tr	NN	The metal tip of Rhiannon 's tail that she sharpened at least once , if not twice , a day , scraped across the stone cavern floor .
tr	NNS	The long chains also had razor-sharp points at the tips , as many as six at one end , which could do a tremendous amount of damage .
tr	NNS	Shouts went up from the crowd as drunken men raised their glasses .
tr	NNS	Because when my feet are moving , the gears in my head do the same .
tr	NNS	" How the bloody hell do gangs take over the whole West Coast of America ?
tr	NNS	Family members wanted to talk about Pirro 's role in last night 's bust , and the slant they had on the story shocked even Rafe .
tr	NNS	His movements and his power were so magnificent together , a mesmerizing force that left me enthralled .
tr	NN	their body language said clearly .
tr	NN	Love was weakness anyway .
tr	NNS	Things not meant to be out in the open .
tr	NN	The pantry and vegetable cellar were barren .
tr	NN	A new player in the game spoke .
tr	NNS	Your reaction downstairs was a little over the top -- especially for you . "
tr	NN	Joni 's keyboard glistened in the light coming through the window .
tr	NNS	There were several other dark tunnels across from me .
tr	NN	The deputy - his name tag read Manning - gave her an unreadable look .
tr	NNS	Different colours , shapes and sizes , slowly gliding along in the same direction .
tr	NNS	More kisses followed this declaration .
tr	NN	The dark pond remained inscrutable .
tr	NNS	Over half the outer villages lost power .
tr	NN	" Every day in the city could get better or worse as gangs with weapons begin to take control , " the captain answered .
tr	NNS	Sirens rang , and the headlights of jeeps swung , dipped and dived as they crossed the rough open area where he was caught .
tr	NNS	Even at that hour the planes seemed to come one right after the other .
tr	NNS	The contents of the bags rustled as he hurried up the sidewalk to the front doors of the building .
tr	NN	Part of me wanted to panic that he thought we were more than we were , even while part of me swooned at his thoughtful chivalry .
tr	NN	Then the mare goddess turns away to follow the drummers , just a woman in a dead horse 's head .
tr	NNS	Both legs were in thick , full-length casts suspended a few inches off the bed by a complex series of cables and pulleys .
tr	NN	All this new painting equipment unnerved him though .
tr	NNS	The other drill sergeants looked over at Amy , still struggling to do push-ups .
tr	NNS	The two goons then shoved him out the door into the alleyway behind the Mark Hopkins Hotel .
tr	NNS	Despite their size the twins were fast .
tr	NNS	" How much are these seats anyway ? "
tr	NN	He ' l kil you , whore , and your friends . "
tr	NN	" One theory we 're floating is that Bannister needed the time to find the killer , if , of course , we are to believe him .
tr	NN	And after , the absence of my dad , a gaping and permanent hole of never .
tr	NN	A trio of spiny leaved aloe vera plants bloomed beneath the back windows .
tr	NN	A witness chased the mugger , losing sight of him for no more than ten seconds .
tr	NN	To this Fang snarled and Scratch understood that it was just another contradiction that Fang was occasionally guilty of .
tr	NN	Luckily Aiden 's nearest neighbor was half an acre away .
tr	NNS	The green grasses , tall trees , trickling waters , and fresh air were a distant departure from computers and bulkheads .
tr	NNS	The twins immediately jumped to his defense ( likely pleased to be given the opportunity to do so ) .
tr	NNS	The bathroom was obviously to his right , another two-step stairway several paces to the left took him to the upstairs hall .
tr	NN	The boom was wavering , moving slowly then more quickly , back and forth .
tr	NNS	The kisses they 'd shared over the past few weeks had done nothing except ignite a flame inside them .
tr	NNS	But if they turned on each other , their chances of surviving a single day in the Otherworld were more or less non-existent .
tr	NNS	Things were getting a little too hot with Noah .
tr	NNS	There were levels of subtlety in some of the things she did that were absolutely exquisite .
tr	NNS	There are no technicians to help me out of the foam pit , so I drag myself out and lie on the ground .
tr	NNS	Bottles and cans bounced all over , rolling around on the floor ; luckily none of them seemed to have burst .
tr	NNS	The only modern-day poets who experience any professional fulfillment are those who play music , and I couldn 't play a note .
tr	NN	The hatch opened to a basement level I hadn 't realized even existed .
tr	NNS	The cameras flashed like crazy around us , but my father never let go of me .
tr	NNS	Those creatures do not have hundreds of small eyes and a foul breath .
tr	NNS	Horrible images and possibilities passed through my mind .
tr	NN	Thinking of his father brought tears to his eyes , which he quickly brushed away ... It would do no good to cry .
tr	NN	" My career as an undercover cop is over , but I 'm still a cop .
tr	NN	The feline rose and stretched , sauntering from the room in a way that only a spoiled cat secure in his position could .
tr	NN	The fellow gave her a dirty look , and then surveyed the gap between the two buildings .
tr	NNS	Her surroundings were perfect , idyllic .
tr	NNS	My footsteps echoed though the busy halls as did everybody else 's .
tr	NN	My therapist says that I should work on leaving my comfort zones if I want to get better .
tr	NNS	" A long time ago our ancestors realized that each of us , each individual , was responsible for the evil that exists in the world .
tr	NNS	My forearms are scratched and stinging .
tr	NNS	Her sobs racked through me as I hit it now , hard enough to make my hand bleed .
tr	NN	" What a freaking pansy !
tr	NNS	Their uniforms were simple light blues , with only a feather on the side of their caps to designate their cavalry status .
tr	NN	Resistance almost gone , she tried one last thing .
tr	NN	The thick crown and top few inches of his erection were visible there , peeking out defiantly in a straight line toward his navel .
tr	NNS	There are horror movies based on this situation . "
tr	NNS	The legends are even more true than I thought .
tr	NN	Her only option at this point was to make a run for it .
tr	NNS	The glistening white peaks of the mountains twinkled .
tr	NNS	Others would have to be able to enter at need .
tr	NN	Another slow slide of that disgusting gaze over my body and he took a step toward me .
tr	NNS	The creatures ' jaws gaped slightly open , revealing rows of razor-sharp teeth .
tr	NNS	The teachers were fine and the kids were fine .
tr	NNS	Their expressions were stony , indifferent .
tr	NNS	But then , slowly , objects in the room became clear .
tr	NNS	Barnabas grinded his teeth together through a wicked grin , " Listen to me , son .
tr	NNS	The suspects stayed on the main street , passing the blacksmith , a shoe cobbler , and another tavern .
tr	NNS	Even our little threesome visits to the clubs on the weekend have stopped too .
tr	NNS	Looks like we 'll have a Christmas baby . "
tr	NNS	All the hostages were still here , clustered together on the right side of the room next to the elemental Ice bar .
tr	NNS	If FAX starts broadcasting anything about this , their satellites go dead .
tr	NN	Apparently , the agent had said the magic words .
tr	NNS	Turned out , the seats were on the aisle .
tr	NN	The red carpet continued through the center of the garden , through another archway and out of sight .
tr	NN	The approval in his voice warmed her .
tr	NN	Daniel hooked a hand on his knee , boot propped beside the trailing hair , and lost himself in the hypnotic sway of red .
tr	NN	That compulsion sounded like the voice of God and it still slid right off my brain .
tr	NN	And there , jutting up within the tower 's twisted , bare foundation , is a jagged , broken pipe .
tr	NNS	Things were a little different on Lea 's corner .
tr	NN	Simon 's examining perusal returned to his guest .
tr	NNS	Things were now looking very grim .
tr	NNS	But there were no surroundings - the dust bellowing from the side of the saw obscured everything around to a distance of about five feet .
tr	NNS	Waves of heat rising from the stonework shimmered in the air like silken veils barring the way between her and sanctuary .
tr	NNS	The wolves smelled the blood .
tr	NNS	My scales appeared across Shane 's face , my face .
tr	NNS	With a further two spare pairs on the bass drum .
tr	NN	A low velocity twenty-two is a very mean slug if it hits you solid .
tr	NN	An eternity passed before the phone rang again .
tr	NN	My own great-grandmother was a mermaid . "
tr	NNS	Their shouts woke us up , but I tried to ignore the noise .
tr	NN	The wind gauge showed that the wind hit a high of just over a hundred miles an hour .
tr	NNS	Those spikes and bumps were like that of a bug 's shell .
tr	NNS	All his supplies were inside it .
tr	NN	Now with added vitamin D and three percent real beef , guaranteed ! "
tr	NNS	Over the misty land , thousands of boots stomped up a mud storm in a broken retreat .
tr	NN	There was only hunger , sharp and gnawing , growing with each step she took .
tr	NNS	Things should not come out .
tr	NN	The prince 's birthday celebration is sure to be filled with eligible ladies from every corner of the kingdom , each vying for a place beside him .
tr	NNS	More blinding blasts shot through her field of vision .
tr	NNS	But the leaders keep them in Kaskaskia until August .
tr	NNS	" The comforts of life as a fugitive , " Drake sighed .
tr	NNS	Twelve huts in good condition stood in the clearing , one of the mud walls still damp from a new coating , so where was everyone ?
tr	NN	And so a legend was in the act of being created .
tr	NNS	There was a few puffs of smoke , then nothing .
tr	NN	" The priest is back ? "
tr	NNS	No way ducks are a commodity . "
tr	NN	Our balcony isn 't anything special since we are surrounded by high rise after high-rise but it 's still beautiful out here .
tr	NNS	Reyes blinked against a surge of panic , but didn 't face her again .
tr	NN	Despair sucked at him , an empty , yawning void that threatened to pull him down into an awful abyss .
tr	NNS	In turn , miscellaneous materials had caught fire , too .
tr	NN	Or was it his own arrest that he was flying back toward ?
tr	NNS	The burns appear to be flash burns , not as bad as we initially thought .
tr	NN	His foe was a large barbarian named Ulrich , who was nearly seven feet tall and had muscles the size of mountains .
tr	NNS	There were at least eight shadowy figures .
tr	NNS	Two large cylinders held together by a smaller cylinder tapered to a point at the far end .
tr	NN	A low , guttural growl sounded to her left .
tr	NNS	All the ladies cheered , and the creator of the first blanket beamed her delight .
tr	NN	In an instant her seductive look vanished , though she showed no surprise that he wasn 't hard .
tr	NN	My vote is ; yes , you should .
tr	NNS	Several members of the White House staff looked up as the President approached .
tr	NN	Dirt and rocks smacked against the madman 's back as he bounced from the undulation of the surface waves .
tr	NN	Milk was available , and fruit juice , and numerous hot drinks .
tr	NN	" Ok Kelly , I rarely invite anyone over to my home but when I do I have one strict rule . "
tr	NNS	Although Paulette was supported upright with head slightly tilted back , drops of water ran down her face .
tr	NN	Hank , of course , just sneered .
tr	NN	" Of course , public financing for a road through that land would be impossible .
tr	NNS	The last few grains tumbled through the pinch .
tr	NNS	When he did embrace her , their shyness still lingered .
tr	NNS	Images of hunters and traps pushed away the smiles .
tr	NN	Part of me wanted to jerk my hand away in revulsion , but this was not polite .
tr	NNS	Wind gusts sprayed precipitation against the window , like a car wash .
tr	NN	The rampage had subsided since Auron was struck down .
tr	NNS	Moses took the mask and turned towards the audience , suddenly realizing how many people were in attendance .
tr	NNS	Demetrius followed a couple steps behind her .
tr	NNS	The colors flashed brighter and faster , working their way through the color wheel in rapid succession .
tr	NN	The priest sighed and nodded .
tr	NNS	Things were banging around , drawers or doors slamming .
tr	NNS	Several coins lay in plain view , and he claimed one .
tr	NNS	Looks like she was using some kind of kitchen appliance when she got zapped .
tr	NNS	The cameras are always watching , but if you don 't look out of place , no one will ever look at you twice . "
tr	NNS	Blood drops on the carpet -- Moon 's I hope -- provided a perfect tracking trail .
tr	NN	" Did your tablet offer the gate coordinates when we arrived at the gate ? "
tr	NNS	There were only two free seats , and he pulled out one of those stools for her .
tr	NNS	Flowers budding loud as oceans .
tr	NN	His wagging finger relayed instructions , his wagging tail displayed the pleasure such mischief gave him .
tr	NN	The transition wouldn 't be easy , but time would help .
tr	NN	His theory of defense was simply : Deny !
tr	NN	Your subconscious is telling you to stop fighting illusions and take a few days off . "
tr	NNS	No bites , fortunately , which tended to fester .
tr	NNS	Things I don 't want to remember .
tr	NN	Trying to think around her visuals , my posture straightened as I noted the girl beside her , who still hid her blue eyes from me .
tr	NN	" The receptionist said you were next-of-kin . "
tr	NNS	The colors were murky , and the pattern was out of sync .
tr	NN	As you say yourself , suffering is rampant .
tr	NNS	Things were so different from her college years when she 'd dated and had fun .
tr	NN	The farther my touch was from his heart , the better , even if I had drained myself .
tr	NN	The elderly mayor , Johnny Cronin , was in ecstasy .
tr	NNS	There were 8 couples and they lived with each other , but had no interaction with anyone else .
tr	NN	The sheriff got twenty-seven people for not paying tax .
tr	NN	There was hardly a scratch on the damn car , anyway .
tr	NN	And what was my reward ?
tr	NNS	John 's younger colleagues trying it on with Katherine found themselves brushed off like dust .
tr	NN	The bike started with a roar , drowning out his laugh .
tr	NNS	The targets won 't remain in the area .
tr	NN	This race was one of the few things left that could bring a young man honor and glory in the tribe .
tr	NNS	" From what I know , there are two liars in this room .
tr	NNS	There are thousands of Americans here , and they stick together like geese . "
tr	NN	The redhead was clearly aware of his gaze , but she didn 't seem to mind .
tr	NNS	The consequences could be dangerous . "
tr	NNS	The more envious claim you were born heartless . "
tr	NNS	Looks like you and Caravaggio have something in common , Aria !
tr	NN	South African settlement by the whites associated with The Dutch East India Company in took place in 1652 .
tr	NNS	A few tests proved that with care and effort we could resist at least the initial onslaught of radiation sickness .
tr	NNS	Expensive , comfortable dresses you won 't notice in a day or two , or jeans that 'll stand up on their own in a week . "
tr	NNS	Forced drops of blood onto her tongue and then massaged her neck , trying to make Sabine swallow .
tr	NN	Who 's the politician ? '
tr	NN	Her honesty seemed to deflect the criticism she felt sure would 've come in the absence of her own doubt .
tr	NNS	" There are three pools on the property .
tr	NN	The cafeteria was more like a great hall , with long , thick , oak tables set up all over , than a typical lunchroom .
tr	NN	His final justification rested on two of them being definitely connected to the northeast , and perhaps Baumann 's trail could be reassessed from there too .
tr	NNS	There were thousands of them .
tr	NNS	The passengers started moving inside .
tr	NNS	The silly antics had become an annoying obstacle .
tr	NN	Dios 's discomfort was a crack which , with due care and attention , could take a wedge .
tr	NN	She couldn 't let the discouragement , the heartbreak , the memories , win .
tr	NNS	More than the drugs , what kept her calm was the steady beeping of a fetal heart monitor .
tr	NNS	Images solidified and a room came into focus .
tr	NN	Thinking of Will sucks , and it makes my eyes sting , but I 'm okay .
tr	NNS	His vital signs confirmed that he was out of immediate danger .
tr	NNS	My siblings are going to eat you !
tr	NN	" The scar on your jaw is a very nice touch . "
tr	NN	The design felt familiar .
tr	NNS	Sirens sounded in the distance , closing in quickly .
tr	NN	To their left the mountain rose , to their right an abrupt edge , so forward they marched through the snow .
tr	NN	" Like when you didn 't call me an annoying brat when we were growing up . "
tr	NNS	" Things like boxes of old magazines , if you keep things like that .
tr	NN	" How does the hurting start ? "
tr	NN	A terrible pinch in my left forearm wakes me suddenly .
tr	NNS	Girls like me didn 't get to ride on the back of Tripp 's bike .
tr	NNS	Her father 's footsteps came closer , and he leaned down to her ear .
tr	NN	Her latest tape was in the machine , as always ; the girls watched it endlessly .
tr	NNS	We warriors simply fancied a change of clothing .
tr	NN	" Does the fern powder always work ?
tr	NNS	The dresses , while beautiful on the anorexic models wearing them , would look terrible on Maddie .
tr	NN	" A quick strike as we turned the bend !
tr	NNS	Yet our searches continue to fail .
tr	NNS	My only companions as I moved forward were the sparks following my every move .
tr	NN	Gypsy slithered upright to the walkway door .
tr	NN	After all , I may be annoyed with him right now , but I am sure ' t is a temporary situation .
tr	NN	His disgust with himself grew .
tr	NN	" I 'll do that , " the young fellow said , nervously backing toward the door .
tr	NN	The hostile territory takes them to an old friend , hiding away in what is left of a crumbling mountain town .
tr	NN	The milkshake might as well have been ice cream .
tr	NN	A frail grandma was pushing home a giant supermarket cart bearing two tiny parcels full of supper .
tr	NN	Part of me wondered what it might be like to finally give in and shift , but not today .
tr	NN	Actually , any idiot would have known all that .
tr	NN	" But her belly 's still big . "
tr	NNS	Some teachers eventually pulled him off and threatened to call the cops .
tr	NN	There 's no pretense in you , and the more I thought about that , the more I felt you 've been cheated . "
tr	NN	There was a stool near the bed and she sat on it .
tr	NNS	With Sandy now gone , though , so many possibilities loomed before her .
tr	NN	But the Sand dragon wasn 't alone .
tr	NNS	Things start to pick up .
tr	NN	His thundering heart beating against his ribs and his burning limbs already fought to distract him .
tr	NN	" What 's her specialty ? "
tr	NNS	There were still no signs of their mother as far as he could tell .
tr	NNS	Plasma blasts started blowing large holes in the walls of the pig holding area as the men hurriedly tried to escape from it .
tr	NNS	The effects from the roadside bomb that precipitated his early retirement would stay with him forever .
tr	NNS	Hands roughly squeezing and probing her small body .
tr	NNS	Her fingernails dug into the wood as she pressed her ear to the flat panel listening to him while he spoke soft words of reassurance .
tr	NN	The hesitation went on for longer than I care to mention .
tr	NNS	Flynn exchanges a look with Landon and raises his knives a fraction of an inch and I understand .
tr	NNS	Cars would be coming from all directions .
tr	NNS	Its large paws have lethal claws sprouting out from the skin .
tr	NNS	The warriors had terrified her , yes .
tr	NN	Summer vacation surpasses them all with its incomparable advantages -- two and a half months of freedom from textbooks , teachers , and torment .
tr	NNS	Things were getting stranger by the minute .
tr	NN	They slammed to a teetering stop , the plane stuck up on its side , the remaining wing pointed to the sky .
tr	NN	His rank on the team was too low to justify acting like a prick .
tr	NN	His beagle fur transforms under my fingers into the smooth coat of a tiger .
tr	NN	The kindness she had come to associate with Ben and only Ben .
tr	NNS	" Things have not been easy for you , have they ? "
tr	NNS	From the castle behind them , horns were crying out the alarm .
tr	NNS	But as the epidemic rages on , inquiries into The Program 's methods continue to be ignored .
tr	NN	But now that I was eighteen , my treatment was my own .
tr	NNS	" -- there are thousands . "
tr	NN	The exam was normal and Emma was just about to leave the doctor 's office when the doctor walked in .
tr	NN	Behind him , a policeman murmurs into his walkie-talkie .
tr	NNS	Her actions said more about her nerve than her manners .
tr	NN	The werewolf passed right by us and tackled the soon to be vampires .
tr	NNS	Things are pretty tough right now . "
tr	NNS	Lots of things said about the saints weren 't true .
tr	NN	" She hasn , t said so .
tr	NN	" I ' l let you know what he says . "
tr	NN	The remaining alive winner gets to use the image generator to seek and see her soul mate .
tr	NN	And then guilt started creeping up on her , slowly but surely , day after day , week after week .
tr	NNS	Beyond them the empty hills stretched on to the horizon .
tr	NN	Hale 's private secretary waited on the porch .
tr	NNS	My instincts screamed at me to get out of the car .
tr	NN	The sea goddess made no reply .
tr	NNS	Girls always come up to me , not the other way round .
tr	NN	But the dawn may be brighter ; and if so , we shall meet again .
tr	NNS	" Stem cells are pluripotent progenitor cells . "
tr	NNS	By the time they parted , both ladies held back tears .
tr	NN	" Because their hunger is of a different kind . "
tr	NNS	The prayers of the people echoed off the roof and the walls .
tr	NNS	Waves of nausea rolled through me .
tr	NNS	The twins stared at each other .
tr	NNS	Words she read on the page meant nothing , and the words she strung together on paper proved even more meaningless .
tr	NN	His rebellion led to civil war , months of fighting , and casualties on a scale beyond what was acceptable .
tr	NNS	So my aunts didn 't lull me to sleep with regular fairytales from good old Grimm and Andersen .
tr	NN	So is it your wisdom , or God 's ?
tr	NN	No fat on this man , she thought , impressed despite herself .
tr	NN	A grunt from Callum made me turn .
tr	NNS	The yellow petals chased her , clinging to her skin .
tr	NN	A layer of stone grew over my heart and encased it in bitterness .
tr	NN	The ploy worked and no one suspected a thing .
tr	NN	A single butterfly rests on a flower five feet from us , its plain white wings moving slowly up and down .
tr	NN	My grandma learned early last summer to keep me out of the kitchen unless it was time to eat .
tr	NN	The newcomer finally looked up .
tr	NN	On the other side , the landing lurched every joint in my body .
tr	NNS	Their expressions gave it away that this was what they were hoping for .
tr	NNS	The old floor boards creaked under my feet .
tr	NNS	The followers make their way among pierced bodies and detached limbs , with dazed looks .
tr	NNS	These wolves came here because ... fuck , I think they tracked him . "
tr	NNS	Diggs said we could use his office . "
tr	NN	The vent gave no sound .
tr	NN	The village idiot would have seen that .
tr	NN	The relentless gnawing at his gut was nauseating .
tr	NNS	More lies spoken by Amber !
tr	NN	That pretending it was Viktor 's baby would give me an out . "
tr	NNS	" Kids at school think it 's raw . " "
tr	NNS	The reins in his hands were slippery .
tr	NN	The knight had shed much of his armor before Percival arrived and was down on his knees crawling through the entrance .
tr	NN	His cheeks puff like a chipmunk 's .
tr	NNS	Cars stall on the highway in silent , stale configurations .
tr	NNS	Indeed the two ideas are opposites .
tr	NNS	This time though , the accommodations wouldn 't be nearly as nice .
tr	NNS	" The cameras , " he said .
tr	NNS	There weren 't many passengers and most of them looked like hunters .
tr	NN	" The other option is to not show up . "
tr	NNS	His pupils always sprang open for her , she realized , but just now there was something haunting about those lonely depths .
tr	NNS	The burns only escalated , now covering all of Asha 's exposed skin , the color rapidly darkening .
tr	NN	His fur twinned with the unexpected impact .
tr	NNS	Their stores hadn 't been as plentiful as they were now , and the laird had eaten them near out of the keep .
tr	NN	My ease is starting to evaporate , quickly replaced with anxiety .
tr	NN	The outer hatch opened .
tr	NN	Their reunion was so heartwarming that we had to let her go with him . "
tr	NN	Only a leader , or someone with a lot of authority , would be in charge of actively recruiting members to fight back against fall en angels .
tr	NNS	These shotgun blasts came from her left .
tr	NNS	Things had turned out well with her and he was now happily married to the beautiful woman .
tr	NN	A Harris antelope squirrel darted along the rocks , tail curled across his back , and disappearing into a tangle of mesquite .
tr	NNS	Eventually the sobs gulped to a halt and her sister 's voice wavered in apology .
tr	NN	" I love that this is nothing but business for you , " the angel said .
tr	NN	" So I ask again , where is your proof ?
tr	NNS	Beans are vegetarian . "
tr	NN	Even the nausea at such a slow speed remained a faint queasiness .
tr	NNS	The creatures of the Wasteland are starting to get restless . "
tr	NNS	The remaining passengers looked around at each other nervously , then at the speakers as Brian came on the intercom .
tr	NN	Derek 's posture stiffened .
tr	NNS	" Some hand grenades would be great right now ! "
tr	NN	" The one benefit of this being a fourteen hour trip is that we all got some much needed rest . "
tr	NN	When you finish , you ' l have achieved something new .
tr	NNS	But werewolves have a choice .
tr	NN	" Didn " t have one .
tr	NN	A familiar white van turns the corner and speeds up our hill .
tr	NNS	The ducks looked confused .
tr	NN	" There 's no conflict here , Stephan .
tr	NN	Though futile , your little chase has disrupted my plans sufficiently that now I have no other choice but to kill you .
tr	NNS	Funeral arrangements are pending . "
tr	NNS	Starbucks is following , calling my name .
tr	NNS	" My financial arrangements are my own affair . "
tr	NN	The odd-looking mechanism pops into the ground with a loud click as the boy squeezes his eyes shut , waiting for the armor to angrily awaken .
tr	NN	The referee blew the whistle for them to decide if Cobbs was staying in or not .
tr	NN	My grandmother sobbed behind me .
tr	NN	The armour he wore gleamed hard in the sunlight .
tr	NN	Her momentum disappeared as she sunk into the net and dropped to the ground , where she lost consciousness .
tr	NN	That description fit Will perfectly -- at least when we had first met .
tr	NN	The last inch he slammed inside her , going as deep as he could .
tr	NN	A ritual only broken when Dad died .
tr	NN	" I heard he was doing something up there , " my uncle said .
tr	NNS	Reyes knew that she could destroy the laptop right now , with a single preternatural charge from her hands .
tr	NNS	Alexis crossed her legs .
tr	NNS	When she lowered again , her movements were awkward , tentative , but devastating nonetheless .
tr	NNS	The other twelve passengers had already passed through the door .
tr	NNS	" Two tours of duty in Iraq after I turned 18 .
tr	NNS	The twins stare at him throughout the meal .
tr	NNS	What were those classes again ? "
tr	NNS	A mixture of tapestries depicting events neither of them recognised , patterned drapes between them and sparkling glass torches glowed with bright , white flames at intervals .
tr	NNS	Lights flared into existence , one by one , as she learned how to channel Iain 's power into different forms and uses .
tr	NNS	Your tests are looking good also .
tr	NNS	The dresses you designed and made are wonderful . "
tr	NNS	Their kisses were wet and sloppy .
tr	NN	" In March of 1992 , on the anniversary of Daniel 's death .
tr	NNS	Soldiers darted to and fro , as shells exploded randomly all around them .
tr	NN	As soon as you do , your uncle will have no claim to it .
tr	NNS	Others who were good candidates for vampirism were people who committed suicide , prostitutes , and murderers .
tr	NN	It 's supposed to be their fairytale dreams come true tonight , " the leader of the five chuckled .
tr	NN	The receptionist relayed this enigmatic message through the phone and hung up a few moments later .
tr	NN	That bitch was lying in wait to bring the smack down .
tr	NN	I always here Violet wake up , her gasping ritual too loud to sleep through .
tr	NN	The squirrel was sleeping in his den as the wolves of the forest howled in sadness and hunger .
tr	NNS	Extra deep , the seats were almost as big as chaise lounges all around .
tr	NNS	The cells didn 't budge .
tr	NN	The old Sheriff , Lloyd Thornton , looked too frail to have ever done anyone any harm .
tr	NNS	My colleagues had far too many of the particles in use during their experiment , and the result was a very large area being affected .
tr	NN	My sparring partner lunged .
tr	NN	The archer settles into her wife 's lap .
tr	NN	The directory confirmed the Psychiatric Department 's location and she went through the sliding glass doors into the lobby .
tr	NN	My boots pound against the ground , keeping rhythm with my heart .
tr	NN	The caller ID said something about a rehabilitation center .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of telling her how he really felt spurred him closer to Dogwood Corners .
tr	NN	' Did y ' plan to ' sleep on th ' floor ?
tr	NN	Is justice finally going to happen after all these years ?
tr	NN	Seven F our days later , Julie 's divorce came through .
tr	NN	" No sweetie , I was just thinking how much I will miss our home . "
tr	NNS	" Our ads do run along those lines .
tr	NN	His lack of inhibition turned her on and drove her crazy .
tr	NN	Part of me wants to giggle hysterically .
tr	NN	Her h * ps churned with the emptiness at her core .
tr	NN	The agent or whatever he was that sat beside me opened the door and motioned for me to get out .
tr	NNS	Their drinks arrived quickly , and they found a table in the corner .
tr	NN	A happy release for both , maybe , ' Kumiko said .
tr	NN	The pale blue gown is girly and outrageous and gigantic .
tr	NNS	" So how do mushrooms sound to you ?
tr	NN	Footsteps padding along the upper floor rang eerily loud in the otherwise quiet house , alerting us to a presence .
tr	NNS	" How are your meetings going on ? "
tr	NN	Instead , the dragon receptionist is still there , working on her computer .
tr	NNS	But my fears were for not .
tr	NN	An arcade of identical elegant buildings surrounded the square , with archways on the ground floor and tall second-story windows , separated by ornamental pillars and pilasters .
tr	NN	" A martini for the lady , " he told the bartender who immediately started pouring liquor into a shaker .
tr	NNS	Parts of them were missing and they howled .
tr	NNS	The reins slipped from her fingers as it thumped its hooves back , desperately dodging the debris .
tr	NN	The lack of oxygen brings a fuzziness to the edge of my awareness .
tr	NNS	Looks like Holly 's got a new " new best friend . "
tr	NN	Even the pit of her belly chose this time to make its presence known by twisting anxiously .
tr	NN	A white sedan pulled up in front , and a woman got out .
tr	NN	Chance followed me as we wove through the shelves , angling toward the door Mr. McGee had emerged from .
tr	NN	His fang broke through the skin of his lips and blood erupted from the wound , trickling across his lips .
tr	NNS	His abilities had been inaccessible while in this universe but now on this planet it had come back ?
tr	NN	But with this burden came one final challenge .
tr	NNS	As he lived there , dormant abilities had begun to awake inside .
tr	NN	" Ok ok ! "
tr	NNS	Powerful or not , ghosts are easy to dispose of .
tr	NN	Part of her recoiled at her question , but another part was curious .
tr	NN	The spark in her eyes dwindled .
tr	NN	An agent raised her hand .
tr	NN	" What the heck is human plasma doing floating around my house ?
tr	NN	Actually , her lack of forethought had been a godsend .
tr	NN	But a good hard screw would do just as well .
tr	NN	" Where does the bastard live now ? "
tr	NNS	Waist high grasses leaned over from either side , threatening to swamp it forever .
tr	NN	Once more , the dragon spread its wings and took to the air .
tr	NNS	Her paintings will be up in the museum starting in August . "
tr	NNS	The strange writings and short stories had resumed and a personal website was soon to follow .
tr	NNS	The pirates couldn 't have found a more inhospitable base for their captives if they 'd searched out the entire galaxy .
tr	NN	Suddenly there was a loud crash down stairs .
tr	NN	There was a mound of discarded shirts in the corner , and the comforter was lumpy .
tr	NN	The front page had a big picture taken at her wedding where she appeared to be standing in the middle of Ali and Dewi .
tr	NN	On the way , the sergeant spoke into the police radio once or twice , but it was abbreviated jargon Preston couldn 't follow .
tr	NNS	The floors were concrete with jagged lumps scattered here and there .
tr	NN	Is every operation like this ? "
tr	NN	The deafening roar of a gun blast echoed throughout the tunnel .
tr	NN	There was a bump there .
tr	NNS	The cold tiles chill my bare feet .
tr	NN	And now ... a free introduction to the next 3 stories coming soon from Elizabeth Lennox !
tr	NNS	It gathered at the corners of our mouths and we darted out pink pointed tongues to gather it up , there were no napkins .
tr	NNS	" Things are a little complicated right now .
tr	NN	Love glanced at his Timex .
tr	NNS	Achilles had come closer and stood a few paces away .
tr	NN	The foliage seemed to glisten as though there were tinsel within it .
tr	NN	" The whistle came not from alchemy ... but from science . "
tr	NN	Her hose had green and black horizontal stripes .
tr	NNS	The two detectives strode along past the various parked cars .
tr	NN	A long slug of water flew out the opening .
tr	NN	Is the quake her fault ?
tr	NN	A hunter initiation , imagine that .
tr	NN	A thrill of pure elation coursed through my mind .
tr	NN	Regardless of the word , the sentiment was to use an ordinary word to express something being special or great .
tr	NNS	Looks like they 've had a mess on the northbound side . "
tr	NNS	Wesley The colors of fall burn bright as Ephemeral coats itself in a autumn spectacular like it has never known before .
tr	NN	Love will find you again .
tr	NN	Granted , her reputation protected her on some occasions and plagued her at others .
tr	NN	After a long , hazy moment , the orgasm subsided , and he felt Lottie 's mouth still under his .
tr	NNS	Last night his caresses had turned her mind and body to mush .
tr	NN	As much as I want to resist , my resolve goes out the window when I feel his tongue run along the crease of my lips .
tr	NN	The coin is now in the boy 's hands .
tr	NN	The principal told us both to sit down .
tr	NNS	Marius cursed in Russian and grabbed at the skin between his shoulder blades where the sphere was pressing against him , but he couldn 't reach it .
tr	NNS	Black spots bloomed across my vision , getting wider and wider , blocking out the light .
tr	NN	A pit opened up next to Grey .
tr	NNS	Along the far wall rested a bank of four computer monitors , a large desk and filing cabinet .
tr	NNS	The furry creatures of the forest were no where in sight .
tr	NN	The oracle stood on top of the water , as if the pool was only an inch deep .
tr	NN	A loud thud from a hanging crane brought him from his daze .
tr	NNS	There were no streetlights to illuminate any crime .
tr	NN	" A man 's got ta do what a man 's got ta do .
tr	NN	A fine layer of dirt and dust covered most of the floor .
tr	NN	As he 'd predicted his last time here , the conflict between the two human armies had since erupted .
tr	NN	Her friend 's pulse slowed from the gesture .
tr	NNS	His male protective instincts , rusty from inactivity , rushed to the fore .
tr	NNS	" But how do we get past the werewolves that are guarding the community ?
tr	NN	" A failed assault sounds different .
tr	NNS	By boat , messengers could easily escape the tightening noose , and reports managed to reach Kiev daily .
tr	NN	The landing in Berlin was smooth and Simon was told that he had an hour before taking off again .
tr	NN	Fresh cream spilled out from a perfectly formed crust , making her fingers clench around her pen .
tr	NN	The bullet bounced off .
tr	NN	My education dwindled to nothing , humanity seeping from my life like a dripping faucet , drop by drop .
tr	NN	Your passenger may be one of the stars of the show .
tr	NNS	" These tests are preliminary and taken just after he emerged from a vegetative state .
tr	NNS	One by one , the other passengers disembarked from the bus and disappeared .
tr	NN	As my brain sloshed around , the throbbing started -- and I remembered the wreck .
tr	NN	With a shrug , the black robe draping Sorin 's shoulders fell to the ground , leaving him as bare-chested as Aden .
tr	NNS	The cold emptiness that had claimed his soul centuries ago was melting beneath the tender heat of her gaze .
tr	NN	The name existed only on that passport , the passenger manifest for the journey , and a prepaid Visa with which he had paid .
tr	NN	A soft chuckle from the woman drew Alex 's gaze back to see her peering her way with gentle amusement .
tr	NNS	More than twenty additional goblins with bows and arrows in their hands and steel swords and axes in their belts stood halfway up the hill .
tr	NNS	Things had been so full of happiness for her that she had forgotten the last lie that still needed to be revealed .
tr	NNS	" So far there aren 't any leads , and her live-in boyfriend didn 't hear a damn thing . "
tr	NN	My pulse ratcheted up a few more notches .
tr	NN	There was hesitation in his voice .
tr	NNS	I mean , couples usually do normal couples stuff . "
tr	NN	" Where 's the restroom ? "
tr	NNS	The pupils always made their homework and they enjoyed learning new things .
tr	NN	One last sacrifice , that 's all I needed .
tr	NNS	For a moment the three companions stood there , shrinking , staring up with unwilling eyes .
tr	NNS	Animals seemed a safe subject , although he did wonder why on earth , she 'd paid all that money to bring Daisy over .
tr	NN	My grandma told me that . "
tr	NNS	Things stayed pretty even , at least until Laura came up to bat .
tr	NN	Every nerve in my body fires with anticipation .
tr	NNS	Their goggles blocked out the unbearable brightness left to surge into each prison pod every single second the survivors of Erebus had been here .
tr	NN	His bullet found no target , but instead ricocheted off the walls , its pings signaling trouble .
tr	NN	Becoming consumed by her was dangerous territory .
tr	NN	Every inch of the surrounding room was crystal clear .
tr	NNS	Too many logical problems with territory disputes , and so many contaminated lands , though there are some people still raising animals out there .
tr	NNS	Her footprints are on top but look underneath .
tr	NNS	Several pairs of eyes followed them as they made their way to the small table where Mitchell and Sullivan sat with Bryce and Sean .
tr	NN	In the corner stood a matching armoire inlaid with a beveled mirror , the reflection of the room distorted by the aged , glassy surface .
tr	NNS	There were still wisps of smoke rising from it .
tr	NN	The muck had gone above and beyond the soles .
tr	NNS	Rags couldn 't have found it .
tr	NN	The ice dragon swung around to the north .
tr	NNS	Buried uniforms mean higher demand .
tr	NN	Soon the fan had cooled me down , and I began to feel sleepy .
tr	NN	The Master said , " As far as anyone knows , only the Knights were really able to touch them , but perhaps anyone could .
tr	NNS	The footsteps blended in staccato echoes .
tr	NNS	A short time later , footsteps echoed from within the house , drawing closer .
tr	NNS	The juices seemed to swirl around his mouth by themselves and created a tingling sensation , but he did not feel sick in any way .
tr	NN	The berserker TED was still happily chomping away on his chewing gum , even giving Beth a friendly nod when she sat down .
tr	NNS	His professors respected him .
tr	NN	Does the tailor offer a dress to the woman who cannot afford to pay ?
tr	NN	The crown was glistening , the shaft engorged and straining toward her .
tr	NNS	The stores paid taxes and taxes paid for policemen .
tr	NN	" There 's a big group down just pas ' the lemonade stand .
tr	NN	But the backseat of a limo with a driver listening in didn 't seem the most appropriate place to tell her those things .
tr	NN	Behind the desk was a small tank filled with water and a few paper cups .
tr	NN	The student won the first game .
tr	NN	" There are a multitude of substances that effect the brain in a similar way .
tr	NN	Smoke , steam and dust had filled the air above the site .
tr	NNS	His trousers were of a similar hue , darker even , and a drape of grey was tossed across his back , strangled by the breeze .
tr	NNS	There were no pearly gates , no fluffy clouds or anyone to show you where you will be staying for the rest of your undead life .
tr	NN	" Ice cream sounds great . "
tr	NN	After several minutes of failed attempts the tail disappeared and they could hear scraping and skittering as whatever was on the other end moved above .
tr	NNS	The footsteps seem farther and farther away .
tr	NNS	Looks like an overdose . "
tr	NNS	Glistening jewels sparkled on her long medieval purple fingernails .
tr	NNS	Flames erupted in the pit of my stomach and my skin itched .
tr	NN	As though he could sense my hesitation , the lieutenant dismissed my concern .
tr	NNS	Before that we had no idea there were any other lands out there .
tr	NN	Mountain Song lived in a clay hut just a mile down the Yunus Trail .
tr	NN	The automatic tracking software had Toby in focus , walking quickly away from the building and looking confused .
tr	NN	The receptionist handed him a towel from one of the shelves , and he pressed the towel against the wound .
tr	NNS	The wild currents of longing swirling in her heart were so strong they made her bones ache .
tr	NNS	" I have taken to carrying garlic in my indispensable , on the recommendation of my butler 's sister 's mother-in-law , " the duchess confessed .
tr	NN	There 's a schedule right there . "
tr	NNS	Her siblings ignored her -- or worse .
tr	NN	Normally , the gentry favored silks and velvet in their clothing , with flourishes like puffy sleeves and cloaks .
tr	NN	The Corporal jumped to the Captain 's side and waved the tracking equipment over the card .
tr	NNS	" The eggs will get cold . "
tr	NN	A watchman stood on top of the battlements with a bow in his hands .
tr	NNS	Words swim inside my head , stringing into gibberish .
tr	NN	With a flick of his wrist , her bra fell to the floor .
tr	NN	Every surgeon there was moving as fast as they were able , trying to save as many lives as they possibly could .
tr	NNS	Scott 's Mercedes had dings on the side , worn tires , and a speckled half-moon of rust across the front bumper .
tr	NN	Alexander 's birthday was coming up and I still hadn 't filled the vial .
tr	NN	" Like , maybe there 's radiation in her apartment and it 's caused a brain tumor that is altering her personality .
tr	NNS	In life , chances like this didn 't happen very often and Jase couldn 't help wondering why Luis was turning his back on this one .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of his family make Adel homesick .
tr	NNS	The wipers batted noisily back and forth across the windshield as the rain rapped upon it .
tr	NN	Lust curled in my stomach .
tr	NN	A tentacle slapped across his snout , acid from it leeching past scale and into flesh .
tr	NNS	" Others will read those emotions of yours .
tr	NNS	Dad turns and steps forward , his thumbs hooked into the pockets of his tuxedo .
tr	NNS	Things turned out just fine . "
tr	NNS	To the pragmatists , ideas only demonstrate their value insofar as they enrich human experience .
tr	NNS	And my belongings are still at the guest house .
tr	NN	This tie won 't come off .
tr	NN	Amazingly enough this little correspondence went unnoticed by the teacher : an uncharacteristic oversight .
tr	NNS	Lea 's fans were waiting to see another KO from Lea , but Payton was another story .
tr	NN	" Actually , your capture is off the record .
tr	NNS	' Greater minds than ours have grappled with this , and there are interesting anomalies that show , in retrospect , of our involvement .
tr	NNS	Things were so much easier for the young these days than in her time , Chicky thought .
tr	NN	" The children are fine , " the lieutenant replied , turning to the panic-stricken woman .
tr	NNS	There were a few overhead storage bins and one tiny pantry ; the pantry door was hanging open slightly .
tr	NNS	Fake news items swirled through her mind .
tr	NN	" Good morning , " the former Secret Service agent answered in a cheerful voice .
tr	NN	Instead of answering , the baron tossed a bowl full of peanuts towards him and continued watching television .
tr	NN	A pigeon that got run over but somehow came back . "
tr	NNS	Maggie 's quiet sobs started anew .
tr	NN	The other militia men they are surprised and they ran away .
tr	NNS	Even playing sports with girls was hard .
tr	NNS	Chills shot up and down my entire body , and it wasn 't from the cold wind .
tr	NN	Still , the quick stab of pain didn 't affect the heat building in his body .
tr	NNS	Obviously nice types aren 't half so interesting .
tr	NN	the duke asked a bit too loudly .
tr	NN	The captain glanced at him impatiently .
tr	NN	A moment 's unease snaked through her as she wondered what he would think of the unmistakable differences in her body .
tr	NNS	It didn 't matter that there was no light , colors burst behind her eyes and exploded like fireworks in her mind .
tr	NNS	Things had moved so fast .
tr	NNS	There were never any more letters from Joshua .
tr	NNS	In this day and age , virgins could be more talented than the sluts of the past .
tr	NN	The hazy green illumination of the instrument panel cast a Halloween glow through the small cockpit .
tr	NN	A steam vent suddenly fires from the ceiling , filling the captain 's nest with a steam whistle .
tr	NNS	Others had to be already solidifying positions around the village , locking the place down .
tr	NNS	The roads were soupy .
tr	NN	But drowning really had taken a lot out of me , and my eyes wouldn 't stay open .
tr	NN	Indeed , the birth of Christ was just as important as his submissive crucifixion !
tr	NN	Though bone dry bodily , her resolve remained damp .
tr	NN	The thief who took it would not be getting off this time .
tr	NNS	The images were playing again .
tr	NNS	Things were simply too ... uncomfortable and difficult here .
tr	NN	The only outstanding debt she had was a small student loan from UMass for her Master 's degree .
tr	NN	After a long while the snake attacked .
tr	NNS	One by one , the members came forward to declare their allegiance to Drake before leaving the Council chambers .
tr	NNS	There were some letters from solicitors , which appeared to deal mainly with the provenance of art works .
tr	NN	" Once again my goddess humbles me with her mercy . "
tr	NNS	" His followers know where he is staying .
tr	NN	' Even our prima technology can have its hiccups , ' Love said .
tr	NN	The leader , a brawny blond-haired man with a sword , walked up to them .
tr	NNS	' The autumn winds are rough and wild ' They bring doom for man and child .
tr	NNS	Thin chandeliers hang steadily on both sides .
tr	NN	And Jim , where is the creativity from the operations department ?
tr	NN	" The captain must be on duty , sir . "
tr	NNS	Things aren 't going to get bad .
tr	NNS	There were cameras everywhere .
tr	NN	The crash made international news . "
tr	NN	Send me any tape you have of the guy I 'm fighting . "
tr	NNS	Diggs likes that kind of thing .
tr	NNS	Other items were so precious that the children clung to them even as they rowed .
tr	NNS	Common side effects may include dizziness , memory loss , aversion to social environments , difficulty with complex verbal communication and thinning of the hair .
tr	NNS	What were your symptoms ? "
tr	NNS	Looks like love agrees with you . "
tr	NNS	The Marsh creatures below me scattered , just as I landed on the soft ground .
tr	NN	My spine crackled when he said it .
tr	NNS	The local cats watched her with a certain amount of idle curiosity as she passed , but did not bother her .
tr	NNS	His other companions seldom joined us , and Saul kept himself away more than the others , busily writing his long letters .
tr	NN	The angel leaned on a gravestone , but at the sight of Hank , he straightened .
tr	NNS	The objects you gave us resonated and bond themselves to us without our consent .
tr	NNS	Eve 's footsteps were clunking off into another room , maybe the kitchen .
tr	NNS	Blake 's pupils dilated .
tr	NNS	But when she pulled into the driveway of her father 's new house , her worries took a sharp turn .
tr	NN	Part of me was pleased he was giving me and Patience some private talking time .
tr	NN	Her gown was in a figure-hugging mermaid style and made of white silk satin .
tr	NNS	Samuels yanked Annie into the room after him , and after awkwardly kicking the door shut behind him , he continued with his orders .
tr	NNS	Behind the lights was a hundred or so acres of pitch-black farmland .
tr	NNS	The tests were grueling -- meant to find the best out of those who only thought they were good enough -- and I passed .
tr	NN	More gunfire rattled , and bullets whizzed around them .
tr	NNS	A battle rages in my mind , going back and forth between the good and the bad of this alternate reality .
tr	NN	My next goal was simply to get back to Jackson and the shelter of the garage .
tr	NNS	Other passengers included : Rosalind Russell and her husband , producer Fred Brisson , and Elsa Maxwell , the famous party giver .
tr	NNS	Two great cliffs of stone stood on either side like monstrous shoulders -- or huge gaping jaws .
tr	NNS	These mercenaries , about a dozen of them , came marching up , thought they 'd camp there that night .
tr	NNS	Where bees live ! "
tr	NN	The third development concerned daily rituals such as greetings and farewells .
tr	NNS	Through the dormer window , the last strands of sunlight receded behind the Adirondacks .
tr	NNS	My readers think I 'm female and I should like to keep it that way .
tr	NN	But sadly there 's only one winner . "
tr	NN	The violent thrashing of branches moving aside came before we saw it .
tr	NNS	The zombies must have heard it as well , because they began moving idly toward the gate .
tr	NN	My cart was out in front , the garbage cans sitting in it correctly .
tr	NN	The way science builds up knowledge is not in overthrowing the past but in modifying the past to take account of new knowledge .
tr	NNS	There were just half a dozen servants moving about , though , each seeing to his chores .
tr	NNS	The fairies fell off the wires in a shower of brown clumps .
tr	NN	' Did the slave want to bandage up the dead one ? '
tr	NNS	My cabinet colleagues and I have the full support of the military and the police to make it happen .
tr	NNS	Things were uncomfortable here , and I knew it must be just as bad for him .
tr	NNS	Others attended prayer meetings and Bible study , learned the ways of the Lord , but Adam was the favorite son .
tr	NNS	Things are different with me .
tr	NN	After a few minutes a maid came in with my drink and some cheese and crackers .
tr	NN	In fact , there was no padding behind us at all .
tr	NN	One red maple and a couple of yellow birches lit the hills otherwise dark with pine .
tr	NN	The inflection in his voice showed this piece of information was still under speculation by all .
tr	NN	The coffee pot beeped , signaling that the coffee was ready .
tr	NNS	Rats ran up and down his body , but they didn 't bother him .
tr	NN	A horn beeping in the distance caught her attention .
tr	NN	In other words , a secretary beyond her child-bearing years .
tr	NN	On the other side of the school building , the cafeteria was even brighter , shining with Christmas lights and decorations .
tr	NN	The elderly spinster was more accurate than she might have guessed .
tr	NNS	The currents were too strong .
tr	NN	The museum could wait .
tr	NNS	The suits will buffer our fall .
tr	NN	My medication has made me realize that I shouldn 't be concerned about these cameras any more than I should be concerned about either of you .
tr	NNS	Finally , the creatures landed on the ground .
tr	NNS	Even the skyscrapers did not look so imposing as Strom grew level with their highest floors .
tr	NNS	Others thought we were bullshitting them to have a little fun at their expense .
tr	NN	His tail began wagging so hard the motion knocked him sideways as he shouted , * Sheep !
tr	NNS	His hopes for any reunion with Sara crushed by a stack of papers .
tr	NNS	The small hiccups of her back were a good indication she was crying .
tr	NN	And a guided tour might be interesting . "
tr	NN	Love unfolded his legs and leant forward .
tr	NNS	The spies trickled in , timid at first at the large empty space and the cold cement floor .
tr	NN	My parents wil kil me if I lose another phone this year . "
tr	NNS	Then the mermaids heard the boat sputter to life and slowly come after them .
tr	NNS	Those five letters stand for Not In My Back Yard .
tr	NNS	Soon job offers started coming in .
tr	NNS	The shots grew fainter and fainter , until they faded into the distance .
tr	NNS	My eyelids popped open .
tr	NNS	There weren 't any guarantees in life , regardless of where she lived .
tr	NNS	Muscles contracted and expanded .
tr	NNS	Marble floors stretched in every direction and sculptures were everywhere .
tr	NNS	Hatred , too , the zombies warned me about .
tr	NNS	The uniforms were double-checking all of the missing persons over the last two weeks .
tr	NNS	But these aliens had done it !
tr	NNS	Two pairs of white archivist 's gloves lay on top of the document and Henry and I both put on a pair each .
tr	NN	His drenched clothing suggested he had been there for a little while .
tr	NNS	There were so many different types .
tr	NNS	Aragorn 's efforts to protect the locals around Bree and the Shire , without recognition , even while they maligned him , has always inspired her .
tr	NN	From next door , the neighbor shouted at her children to get back into the house and someone drove past , blaring loud music from their car .
tr	NNS	Our tongues tangled together as we devoured one another .
tr	NN	That bitch was going back to the Preserve once and for all .
tr	NNS	The dresses most of the girls were working on looked like something out of a fairy tale .
tr	NN	Poison beaded at the end of its claws .
tr	NN	A spark shot through Della , even at that simple , innocent touch .
tr	NN	A deep roar came echoing out of the mist .
tr	NN	His queue swung over his shoulder as he shifted to rub a different part of the gun .
tr	NN	A guttural growl emits from deep within the woods .
tr	NNS	Folks clamored for it all year round .
tr	NN	Plus my uncle cleans up this place .
tr	NNS	Handmade racks lined the cellar walls , racks that held wine , preserves , canned tomatoes and pickles .
tr	NN	Hearing the suffering of their countrymen only served to stiffen both doctors ' resolve to save more men .
tr	NNS	A mattress stuffed with moss lay on the floor .
tr	NNS	But Dangerous Beans couldn 't see him .
tr	NN	His technique was good , and his reactions were quick .
tr	NNS	But around us , right here just in the state of Florida , there were thousands of children in danger right now .
tr	NNS	The notebooks were a treasure trove of unexpected information , and they made her miss Cesar all the more .
tr	NNS	These figures are on the conservative side .
tr	NN	Any weakness , he pounced upon .
tr	NN	A thin sheen of sweat covered her body .
tr	NNS	It was impressive , his combat skills were lethal .
tr	NNS	Several expressions chased each other across her face before she spoke .
tr	NN	Misty haze swirled down from the dark domain above .
tr	NN	The publisher does not have any control and does not assume responsibility for author or third party websites or their content .
tr	NN	Look around you , the countryside is changing .
tr	NN	The bullet should have hit Cassidy 's heart .
tr	NNS	All your cousins married there .
tr	NN	All that mattered was that she pave her own way .
tr	NN	The hunter narrowed his eyes , sighted on his target , and used the black curved marking on his forearm to adjust his aim .
tr	NN	" His coach cal ed a team meeting .
tr	NN	" The old fraud , he probably said that on purpose just to make me crazy .
tr	NNS	Becca opened the book and laughed loudly , the best sound Zach had heard since returning home .
tr	NNS	Assured that he was fine , the twins pulled out their phones and started texting their friends like crazy .
tr	NNS	" If the power had gone out just now , the swarms would get us all . "
tr	NNS	His preternatural instincts objected to the short dash through the open to the sheltering shadows at the side of the house .
tr	NN	Their courtship hadn 't been quite as uncomplicated for her .
tr	NNS	Others have gone mad , even taken their own lives given half the chance .
tr	NNS	It was dark , the bits of sky visible through the canopy of limbs still indigo .
tr	NNS	Others asserted he had been hoarding treasure over the years and wanted to die entombed with his riches .
tr	NNS	The door slams shut behind me .
tr	NN	The tip of the sword sliced a shallow gash across his ribs .
tr	NN	And as soon as they discovered what had happened , my education about the real horrors of the country had begun .
tr	NNS	Confusion levels rising and that alone was too much for my brain to handle at that point .
tr	NNS	Those butterflies morphed into ravens , flapping their dark wings wildly .
tr	NN	The only real consolation was the friction within the group took their minds off the dangerous task they had set out to do .
tr	NN	" My neighbor took it upon herself to teach me to behave like a lady .
tr	NN	And to make double sure , one helper remained as guard .
tr	NNS	The images strewn across the paint took my breath away , not only because of their beauty but because of their raw , evocative nature .
tr	NN	The lively environment of The Whisperer offices was a buzzing hive of activity , populated by interesting characters and flirty ladies .
tr	NN	" I want you to dig , " the intruder demanded .
tr	NNS	Hendricks may have been big , but he was not slow .
tr	NN	" lets dig out , " the leader ordered .
tr	NN	The guilt is eating me up alive . "
tr	NNS	Lights came on from the next door neighbor 's house and out ran the home owner wielding a rifle .
tr	NN	The goddess had told him that he would know murderers for the fire in their eyes -- fire that only he could see .
tr	NN	The planetary analysis could wait .
tr	NNS	His eyelids had squeezed but never opened .
tr	NN	The warrior stayed and fought , but it does not seem as though they killed him , there is no blood . "
tr	NN	Tavi 's strike missed her but caught half a dozen mantis warriors in its blast , charring them to twisted , skeletal shapes .
tr	NNS	Smells like them too . "
tr	NN	There 's proof somewhere .
tr	NNS	Mere politeness would have made him stay to exchange some words before leaving .
tr	NN	The pounding agony in her brain would crack a blacksmith 's anvil .
tr	NNS	Her fears were deep-rooted and she 'd never been able to overcome them .
tr	NNS	Earth metals act as a deadly poison to me .
tr	NN	A small stack of logs formed a pyramid inside the fireplace .
tr	NN	The yard was empty .
tr	NN	Her h * ps fluted out .
tr	NNS	These black creatures would find the sneakers , or he would kill them all and find others to do the job .
tr	NNS	The newspapers would make much of the marriage between the earl 's daughter and some sprig of aristocracy .
tr	NN	Soon every snake would be able to reach them , and there would be no way to fight them all off .
tr	NNS	" The black creatures have started to patrol the mountains .
tr	NN	Part of this trip is to check out some bits of the planet that haven 't been touched .
tr	NNS	Had our mothers buried her in the night ?
tr	NNS	Huge sobs came and continued for several moments while Steve just held on , stroked and kissed her hair .
tr	NNS	A few sundry items plus several dozen academic books that for the most part looked new and unused .
tr	NN	The brunette says , " But you didn 't leave me your -- " The men are too far to hear the rest .
tr	NNS	The cells looked as though they had been smashed open a giant wrecking ball .
tr	NNS	The pack members felt it , too .
tr	NNS	My mother thought it was a sign that she and her then boyfriend had kids the same ages , plus two deceased spouses .
tr	NN	After her abrupt departure , the remaining party gloomily dispersed into the safety of the drawing room .
tr	NNS	Besides , like Nora feared , the authorities would probably catch up with us before we made it out of the borough .
tr	NNS	Her cronies would certainly vouch for her , but I couldn 't trust them .
tr	NNS	The warriors exchanged glances , a mixture of disbelief and disgust , that people could die this way .
tr	NN	Her orgasm flooded through her .
tr	NN	Her sister-in-law handed her a slice .
tr	NNS	Most restaurants failed in the first year , but they had defied the odds despite having no restaurant experience .
tr	NN	The entire maneuver had taken less than five seconds .
tr	NNS	Rats will follow the leader . '
tr	NN	The clearing was empty : the men still out on their leave .
tr	NN	Her lust for him was undeniable .
tr	NN	The striped umbrella was up and the patio was awash in sunshine .
tr	NN	But there was a gleam of hope of which the general public as yet knew nothing .
tr	NN	Barring too , of course , the amazing contraption of stone cogs .
tr	NNS	Looks like a check . "
tr	NN	Soon a local news van pulled up in front of the bookstore .
tr	NN	The passenger was older and had gray hair .
tr	NN	The pulse in his neck jumped as he turned to look at his uninvited guest .
tr	NN	The dark shadowy outlines of men stood ringing the top of the well .
tr	NN	The politician shook his head vigorously .
tr	NN	The deep , sexy chuckle was her only warning .
tr	NNS	Their crisp suits and grim expressions made them dead ringers for my visitor from before .
tr	NNS	In these times there are many higher priorities than libraries , but still we have not been cut too badly .
tr	NNS	Hands on his hips , the bald slave turned to face the table .
tr	NN	Gritty , the way protein shakes do , but with a buzzing edge .
tr	NNS	The teachers only care about what happens inside the school grounds .
tr	NNS	One by one the screens went blank .
tr	NN	A receptionist escorted them to the office of the headmistress , and Dan shook her hand .
tr	NN	A few errant sparks flared in its writhing hair .
tr	NNS	But murders and funerals and all that had to be pushed to one side just now .
tr	NN	A network that was far bigger than they 'd realized .
tr	NN	The wraith looked at Shimmer , then at Echo .
tr	NNS	Cassius added more wood to the fire ; it caused it to grow by three feet .
tr	NN	The redhead threw back her head and bellowed her rusty laugh at the ceiling again .
tr	NNS	Even though they 'd entered the public grounds , the scrubby grasses around the lake grew wild , and nothing stirred , save a few small animals .
tr	NNS	Your companions are now back at their homes , alive and safe . "
tr	NN	" My doe , " he called , his voice soft , " give me your eyes . "
tr	NN	A chuckle slid out of his throat .
tr	NN	" The religious leader wrote that it is a symbol of our sins passing through our body .
tr	NNS	The few candy bars in his backpack would be the only attraction , and he would certainly have heard them being ripped open .
tr	NNS	Even casual drinks affected negotiations .
tr	NNS	Now almost sobbing , the nuns scuttled past the Mother Superior and entered a darkened room within the convent .
tr	NNS	His thumbs wrap around the front , across my hip bones , and his fingers reach down to the middle of my butt cheeks .
tr	NNS	Neon signs glow in every other window , music drifts from doorways , and the smell from food trucks and restaurants wafts through the streets .
tr	NNS	Marius pulled him out and set him on the ground next the others .
tr	NNS	The cards flew out across the vast space like a flock of birds .
tr	NNS	Fiona gets the type of furious , envious glares from women you think only exist in the imaginations of movie directors .
tr	NN	Gone was the Cantonese accent , replaced by an upper-class British one .
tr	NNS	" The other Werewolves didn 't kill him . "
tr	NN	The trick would be to not let anyone see him blink .
tr	NNS	The murmurs of conversation slowed .
tr	NNS	The classrooms were actually dorm rooms for the girls .
tr	NN	In my world partnership has serious business connotations .
tr	NNS	" Those provisions are from the fort ! "
tr	NN	And then a deep chuckle rumbled in his throat as he probably caught on to my subtle implication .
tr	NN	The giant reptile turned back in surprise .
tr	NN	Shane 's dizziness subsided , and he noticed something on the table in front of him , an object that he hadn 't noticed before .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared and he groaned .
tr	NNS	Screams and yells echoed inside the walls .
tr	NN	The winner sweeps the chess pieces off the table and then just takes their partner right there on the table . "
tr	NNS	Classes had recently started back up , and I watched students hugging after a summer apart .
tr	NN	" We don 't often meet a beautiful young woman in here , " the chairman said .
tr	NNS	Sadness doesn 't equal weakness , sweetheart .
tr	NNS	" Their physical appearances and advancements will allow them to fit right in .
tr	NNS	Its scales were deep green as if it was made from emeralds .
tr	NN	A stack of photographs fell out .
tr	NNS	His movements were mechanical and precise and when he finally gave me his full attention , his face was tight and void of any signs of emotion .
tr	NNS	Costas settled in his chair with a disgruntled expression .
tr	NN	" To tell you the truth , no , sir , " the pilot said .
tr	NN	The dizziness started again , so I sat down on the toilet , waiting for it to pass .
tr	NNS	Bad ideas get people killed , understand ? "
tr	NNS	Looks like it worked . "
tr	NNS	There were no streetlights here , no lights at all until he pulled up in front of a large , rectangular building built of shimmering black stone .
tr	NN	The timbre in his voice rode on waves through her mind and heart .
tr	NN	The fragrance invaded my senses .
tr	NN	A thick layer of frost covered the table , leaving a dark , wet rectangle on the carpet immediately below .
tr	NNS	Things have gotten complicated at home .
tr	NN	Also , I reasoned , a truck trailer would not want to be named Richard or Benjamin .
tr	NNS	Screams surged out from inside the store mixing with their own .
tr	NNS	His eyelids drifted closed .
tr	NN	The craggy bark dug in between her shoulder blades , but she could hardly focus on the discomfort as his lips took hers .
tr	NN	Annabelle 's harsh command caused Dani to jump in surprise .
tr	NN	A squirming mass of termites climbed up his hand .
tr	NN	Any conflict would need to be resolved quickly or they would have to resort to regular weapons .
tr	NN	The great warrior was drooling .
tr	NNS	There were simply too many wolves at his door for him to leave it open .
tr	NNS	Small breakers rolled onto the sand , their motion soothing .
tr	NNS	My face inches from hers , my lips close to hers as I repeated my question .
tr	NNS	The only warriors left to defend the innocent people are the Kitsune Clan , where the members of Sector 7 are introduced .
tr	NN	A fine sheen of sweat covered her forehead .
tr	NN	An old legend said when we were returned to the sea we became the water and began a new and better life .
tr	NNS	The other Committee members shook their heads .
tr	NNS	The fountains spurted high , then gushed half as high , then bubbled in their nozzles .
tr	NN	The coast was clear so we hurried inside quietly .
tr	NN	The milky dawn of Scotland didn 't stop the glare of light from pouring into the room .
tr	NN	The scariest among the many things in his journal was how the forest nymph 's intentions to human beings .
tr	NN	A moment later , the Jeep began moving slowly toward the gate , its wheels locked and digging into the dirt .
tr	NN	A gracefully curving black chandelier hung from the ceiling , its darkness the one elegant contrast to the almost stark white theme of the room .
tr	NNS	With a wave of her hand , the gates disappeared .
tr	NN	The transition to night was complete at last .
tr	NNS	There are no locks on the doors .
tr	NN	The first angel born to earth .
tr	NNS	There were no visible pursuers .
tr	NN	Only the strictest discipline is of use out here . "
tr	NNS	Soon half a dozen cats would join her .
tr	NNS	" My tickets are yours .
tr	NN	The hermit stopped in his tracks and turned again , with his usual air of omniscience .
tr	NN	The annual black tie fundraiser is Thursday night .
tr	NN	" Ok , No more like this guy . "
tr	NN	The airport terminal was open to the Caribbean air .
tr	NNS	Inside the club , spotlights suspended from the ceiling tinted everything a deadly shade of red .
tr	NN	Final y , she said , " I found an interesting tidbit in your records today . "
tr	NN	The nine iron had scattered them Far and Yon , some all the way to Brownsville .
tr	NN	The dizziness took her the brink of passing out .
tr	NN	" A splinter cell ? "
tr	NN	The Elder on the screen looks up suddenly , drawing our attention back to the video .
tr	NN	" Relax , young man , " says Aimee 's uncle .
tr	NNS	" Yes , the homemade macaroni and cheese is still in the oven . "
tr	NNS	There were way too many suspicious characters inside and unfortunately I couldn 't sense their presence and detect their energy because of the armor I had on .
tr	NNS	The coils began to separate and through the spaces between the coils he caught glimpses of the storm .
tr	NN	Memory is the first thing that goes .
tr	NNS	Old newspapers lay next to the wood .
tr	NN	Anyway , how 's one little doughnut going to hurt ? "
tr	NN	Love didn 't stop simply because the recipient had died .
tr	NN	The ambassador betrayed a split second 's surprise , and Lujan rose to his feet .
tr	NN	The toll it had taken on her was something she may never fully recover from .
tr	NN	The chairs final y circled back around , and the other kids scrambled onto them .
tr	NN	His unshaven and unruly appearance wasn 't what she was expecting .
tr	NN	The growing audience looked confused , most not wanting to get involved , but all intrigued , curious .
tr	NN	The left wing swung up over the plane and smashed down into the ground , snapping like a twig .
tr	NN	And why does your slave look you directly in the eye ?
tr	NNS	" Things are bad enough . "
tr	NNS	I had to admit , my siblings would somehow always make my day a lot easier by helping me with whatever I needed .
tr	NNS	Two species such as ours cannot live together on one planet .
tr	NN	I only cared about quenching the thirst , the overwhelming , painful y potent need .
tr	NN	" The witness clearly gave his own opinion and not as a medical expert .
tr	NNS	For a few moments the harmless creatures of the night reasserted their dominance .
tr	NNS	The claims went on for over a year , but were eventually kicked out .
tr	NN	The black wig was a mess , filled with twigs and crumbs , and sorely in need of a comb .
tr	NN	A reverse strip tease .
tr	NN	Whilst art and music and life are celebrated , still people die senselessly as men struggle to prove their dominance .
tr	NNS	Things really never quiet down for us . "
tr	NN	The castle had four main floors , along with a basement and the towers .
tr	NN	" Part of it , " the blonde smirked .
tr	NNS	The differences ended there , however .
tr	NNS	Sharp pains sliced through his lower back , the edges of his vision started to dim .
tr	NNS	To her right and left were the usual framed photos of stuffy alums , and to her left , incongruous rows of dented metal lockers .
tr	NNS	Not even the servants who cleaned her room knew of this opening and she was careful to maintain its secrecy .
tr	NNS	" The guardians aren 't going to send your squad up against the plague demons yet .
tr	NNS	" Things coming into my head .
tr	NNS	Images of Jade wrestling other women in a pit of muck wearing only a bikini popped into his head .
tr	NN	Below Ben Horton 's entry as President , a new entry added Corky Eastwood as Vice President .
tr	NNS	The body searches would have been far more offensive to her .
tr	NN	Inside , the colonel was waiting for my word on the situation .
tr	NN	" The colonel may have believed you , but I certainly don 't .
tr	NN	In these theories the cardinal is the real king and the Jesuits are his soldiers , doing his political will around the world .
tr	NN	The ferry would take her to the mainland , and then a twenty-minute drive would get her to Star Cove and bed .
tr	NNS	Looks like she 's coming to our side , full speed . "
tr	NNS	Things you couldn 't see or smell .
tr	NNS	One minute Royce was standing at the door , and the next he had her in his arms .
tr	NNS	The monster 's tentacles were like the veins that attached me to the inside of Shane 's head .
tr	NN	Occasionally another passenger would try to claim my attention but most discouraged easily .
tr	NNS	But compromise ideas were scarce now .
tr	NNS	Looks like mercury liquid .
tr	NN	And vice versa . "
tr	NNS	Paige 's speeding footsteps echoed in the empty office .
tr	NNS	A car or motorcycle could have crept quietly away , its movements easily covered by the crackle of the flames .
tr	NN	And now , here his mate was , a succubus .
tr	NN	" The people sure as hell believe in her ... for now , " said the barkeep .
tr	NNS	My survival instincts took over . "
tr	NN	Relieved from the threat of imminent death , Hari got his fingers and thumbs together , loaded up and then his Gatling wheeled into action .
tr	NNS	There were no filing cabinets .
tr	NNS	Achilles , Hector with his voice of thunder , Diomedes shining like silver in mud .
tr	NNS	Then the trails would peter out on him , and we 'd start all over again someplace else .
tr	NNS	An assassin 's clients were invariably rich enough to pay for extremely ingenious protection , up to and including hiring assassins of his own [ 5 ] .
tr	NN	Love grinned as he pushed the gear into first .
tr	NN	His chuckle slithered down her spine .
tr	NNS	There , on the ground , were fresh footprints .
tr	NNS	Grayson 's nostrils widened .
tr	NNS	Open landing spaces were becoming more plentiful .
tr	NN	The government had more than enough enemies .
tr	NNS	" There are cameras on the elevators ? "
tr	NNS	The protocols weren 't difficult to understand , but there were many to learn .
tr	NN	A gentleman came by with a tray of little , artful pieces of food .
tr	NNS	In the distance , treetops swayed violently , as if something not much shorter than them was passing through .
tr	NN	A growl sounded low in Titus ' throat as he bent down to kiss her shoulder .
tr	NNS	There were thousands of military issue energy packs .
tr	NNS	Her forced cheerfulness made him feel worse .
tr	NN	There was a puff of purple smoke , and the Spell Wizard emerged from the pages of the Tome .
tr	NN	The challenge was already over because I knew all of this and still wanted to weep over my loss .
tr	NN	' Yes , my darling , I 'm glad of that too . '
tr	NN	Unless , of course , the crisis was of a more personal nature .
tr	NN	His illness has not worsened ? "
tr	NNS	And the apples are in the plastic container right next to the rocker . "
tr	NN	My instinct is to protect myself from the bullets , but I focus instead on the men , on their bodies and their angry , twisted faces .
tr	NN	So y ' all aren 't serious ? "
tr	NNS	His own preternatural abilities were almost as strong , bequeathed to him through his mother 's ancient blood .
tr	NN	' Morning Boss . '
tr	NN	Someone indistinct was standing at the bar .
tr	NN	His first lick was slow and soft .
tr	NNS	Romulus and the girls took off , but Viktor was too slow in rising .
tr	NNS	The first sweat drops showed on his forehead .
tr	NN	This broad and ambiguous wording was intentional .
tr	NN	A low secretive growl came out of him .
tr	NNS	Earthy , wet smells hung as heavy in the air as the humidity .
tr	NN	Somewhere in the distance , there was a splintering crash , like a hundred glasses smashing at once .
tr	NNS	Just a few pills and she 'd be right as rain .
tr	NNS	No drugs in that world , no hookers either , and no fathers shot to death on lonely roads after leaving their married mistresses .
tr	NN	" The dragon has taken Jack hostage .
tr	NNS	The vibes here were bad , but just to be sure he went to the second door and stood in front of it .
tr	NN	The cable tightened , and then the strut attached to their parent 's treehouse snapped .
tr	NN	The glint of the ice , the white snow and the shadows , blue as the sky ... They are a gift I never expected . "
tr	NNS	The cliffs rise dramatically above the seascape , some one hundred feet or so .
tr	NNS	Aris saw himself out .
tr	NN	Josephine 's shield had offered complete protection from whatever spell the killer had unleashed .
tr	NNS	There are other continents . "
tr	NN	And definitely her first grown-up gown .
tr	NNS	" How are your pancakes ? "
tr	NNS	The professors come to the conclusion that they will help me as much as they can .
tr	NN	Why was there always a kink in all my plans ?
tr	NN	Chance put out a hand , as if he might try to calm me , and I took a step , wanting to fight .
tr	NN	The crowd 's hysteria has reached bursting point as Matson covers his head with his hands and his body assumes the foetal position .
tr	NNS	Families liked them for their size and spaciousness and supposed comfort on a family trip .
tr	NNS	Guns blazed as two of the men were pulled down into the grass .
tr	NNS	" My grandparents had their house here .
tr	NNS	A little voice whispers , Maybe we lost .
tr	NNS	The contents were red .
tr	NN	The carpet plumped beneath my feet .
tr	NNS	" The cells are downstairs .
tr	NNS	" Animal trials on rats were very interesting , but I wanted you to be here for the first human trial . "
tr	NNS	" Others tried to finish , but gave it up , along with the tunnel itself .
tr	NNS	The gorillas charged in waves , like disciplined shock troops .
tr	NN	His partner took aim at me and I dove behind the couch and crawled toward the end .
tr	NN	But from the first day she 'd met him , her goal had been to corner him and force him into bedding her .
tr	NNS	Half the vamps wore traditional Cadogan black .
tr	NN	" Bottom shelf in my shoe rack .
tr	NN	" How big can this castle be ? "
tr	NNS	Sanctuary Five pets escape from the shelter to find a home out in the wild .
tr	NN	The ancient Egyptians were utilizing hidden rooms and tunnels and sliding , trick doorways a couple of thousand years ago for their tombs .
tr	NNS	The surrounding villages contained extremely polarised views on these intruders from the skies .
tr	NN	So their upbringing environment influences them to be ?
tr	NN	My last rank of the day is number two .
tr	NN	The captain punched a button and the communicator went out .
tr	NN	Then the ghoul smiled , showing he 'd filed all his teeth to points .
tr	NNS	Valerius turned to his servant .
tr	NNS	Cadmus was sitting on the table where I had left him .
tr	NNS	Things did need to be done in the bookstore part of this building , but the kitchen was a hazard .
tr	NN	The Jeep slipped a bit as he backed out of the parking space , making her pulse skip .
tr	NNS	Perhaps the childish notions had some truth to them -- perhaps if I fell in I would vanish .
tr	NN	A painful throbbing radiated from the back of my head .
tr	NN	The guilt I felt inside , however , was enormous .
tr	NNS	Most pairs can find common bonds to last in a short term .
tr	NN	My adrenaline starts pumping relentlessly and no matter how hard I try to get my heart to settle down , I can 't .
tr	NN	One large bump in the decline showed claw marks having grabbed at the soil to slow down .
tr	NNS	The twelve-year-old twins , Mark and Matt , claimed they had the coordination and smarts to accomplish the feat .
tr	NNS	" But what good are ideas if I cannot make them real ? "
tr	NN	The trick is to take from this experience and see what you can learn from it . "
tr	NN	Dr. Marshall 's sharp bark carried through : " Find them ! "
tr	NNS	Lights flooded her cave , a larger space now that the rescue workers had hacked away enough concrete to pull her out .
tr	NNS	" Magnetic rollers spinning down to idle . "
tr	NN	The continuous stroking of his own energy against her body was as though fingers touched and fondled her everywhere .
tr	NN	Yet , subtly caring and concerned for the well-being of others .
tr	NN	" Who 's the favourite , Billy ? "
tr	NNS	Two inches lower and it would have gone through his heart , ending his life the permanent way .
tr	NN	But my determination was growing .
tr	NNS	Things took off from there .
tr	NNS	Thoughts not her own seamlessly merge into ideas and agendas .
tr	NN	After they got into Janice 's car , her sister-in-law headed for the nearest mall .
tr	NNS	After another dip , the emergency oxygen masks fel from above .
tr	NNS	There were no limits to his potential !
tr	NNS	Goss leaned over the stair railing and pointed .
tr	NN	There were a few gentle chuckles but nobody laughed .
tr	NN	Anger , fury and pain for Ryan all surged through her .
tr	NN	5 Alone in first class , Dinah Catherine Bellman opened her eyes .
tr	NNS	His lies came easy .
tr	NN	A whirlwind goes up .
tr	NN	Any revolution in Falcon Point would begin at the Old Fort and make its final home in its ancient walls .
tr	NN	One day the burdened weight Jared carried on his shoulders would cause it to snap and both of us would fall .
tr	NNS	The two figures appeared frozen .
tr	NNS	The servants line the hallway when Zelda finally makes the long journey toward her room .
tr	NN	The frazzled teacher had run off school property , leaving her car in the parking lot , and had not been seen since .
tr	NN	The fiery dragon swooped back down , its tail flaming as the ground shook once more .
tr	NN	His squealing mount galloped up the lines and back , a banner bearing the golden lion ripping in the wind high above .
tr	NNS	Tris gives her a look , and she shrugs .
tr	NN	A swarming , heaving mass of shadows that blotted out the road , making the woods lining the road seem alive .
tr	NNS	" Things change . "
tr	NNS	The vacant seats seemed to indicate that the crew had somewhere suffered severe casualties .
tr	NNS	Those bumbling idiots would never find her without him to command them .
tr	NNS	Gramps shakes his head .
tr	NNS	Finally the Zurich and Berne leaders agreed to take the matter back to their respective cities and hold council with their guild associations .
tr	NNS	The media and crowd had dispersed .
tr	NNS	Families dragged tired kids back to the Metro .
tr	NN	His shield raised and spear lowered in one fluid movement , ' Who goes there ? '
tr	NN	The more people that know about and use the coin , the higher the value becomes . "
tr	NN	The broad , stately staircase soared in front of him , a stairway to the top of the sky .
tr	NNS	Romulus stepped forward first , tightly flanked by his blood brother , and laid eyes on the old pages .
tr	NNS	Both bloodlines are of equal power .
tr	NN	" There 's justice for you .
tr	NNS	Flames began to lick greedily at the dry wood .
tr	NN	The spider had to climb above them , unable to move its swollen body rapidly enough between them .
tr	NNS	The church board members peered over the darkness into what looked like the subject of a nightmare .
tr	NN	Each stroke of her tail brought sharp pains in her belly .
tr	NNS	These faraway tales provided the fertile ground which produced a rich imagination capable of spinning strange and unique stories of distant lands and people .
tr	NNS	There were too many risks .
tr	NN	It made no difference to him really , the castle held no threat that he feared .
tr	NN	Deep gold liquid filled the cup to its brim , and the smell of honey and berries and the pungent smell of alcohol filled the room .
tr	NNS	The flame-retardant trousers should have protected his skin against any burn from the splatter of hot powder .
tr	NNS	Thirty or more warriors had formed a solid shield wall at least five men deep .
tr	NN	The added precaution was to ensure that the radio would function after such an attack .
tr	NN	* * * The automobile bounced hard on the edge of the road , jerking her neck back .
tr	NN	The player had just gotten played .
tr	NN	The werewolf met my gaze before we headed for the back , knowing that something was wrong .
tr	NN	I moved forward , the lantern held out in front of me .
tr	NNS	Soldiers became so demoralized that some fled during the night .
tr	NNS	" Our clients will love it . "
tr	NNS	" Oh , the drums , of course , " Jase says .
tr	NNS	Protective instincts , as well as baser ones , kicked in as he held her against him .
tr	NNS	Looks like you didn 't need me though ; you 've caught her !
tr	NNS	The other main areas of army training are practising with small unit tactics and the basics of war survival .
tr	NN	Love poured in the boiling water and added milk .
tr	NN	What was the mayor doing here ?
tr	NNS	His movements were suddenly rigid and the horse turned fully toward him in confusion .
tr	NN	" Your accent , " Tucker said .
tr	NN	Ethan 's grandmother answered the door with her eyebrows furrowed .
tr	NN	The shift leader tightened the final bolt .
tr	NN	After two more stripes the gearing loosened and before long he needed a rake .
tr	NN	Even though he was used to it , this engagement hysteria was pretty brutal .
tr	NN	Rolling his pudgy body back into sitting position , the canine gave her a questioning look .
tr	NNS	Girls could never step into boys ' business .
tr	NNS	But as the kicks and punches rained in she eventually fell .
tr	NNS	Several male werewolves stood , including the property owner .
tr	NNS	I open the door , hallways led in all directions .
tr	NN	More gunfire came from the swamp .
tr	NNS	These other important factors greatly affect the use of such experimental results in predicting their implications for human treatments .
tr	NN	My boot went through its soft head to finish it .
tr	NN	" So their primary escape route was closed , did you see them leave by the front ? "
tr	NN	" The cart 's ablaze ! "
tr	NN	A spark ignited , and fire materialized in its jaws .
tr	NNS	Lots of people can do some magic if the situation is right , but only a few are born with full magical powers . "
tr	NN	I take the phone from him , my pulse erratic through my fingers , my wrists , and my neck as I raise it to my ear .
tr	NNS	" What do the directions say ?
tr	NN	The school 's patron goddess is Athena .
tr	NNS	When Cliff was undoubtedly dead , the two creatures paused in devouring him and their teeth slowly whirred to a stop .
tr	NN	" If an original carrier is killed by anyone besides its foil , the anomaly will manifest again along the affected bloodline .
tr	NN	The coin spiralled upwards , turning in the confined spaces of a RAV 4 and came back to his outstretched hand .
tr	NNS	But if he surprised them , gun drawn , three shots would be quite easy to fire by the time they reacted .
tr	NNS	The signs had all been there : the bruising , the paleness .
tr	NN	This thick intricate weave extends as far as the eye can see .
tr	NN	" The damage from our latest affairs is quite catastrophic .
tr	NN	Part of me wants to put an end to the imaginings , but the other part of me wants to unleash them .
tr	NNS	The edges of her vision began to go dark .
tr	NN	" A remnant of a remnant , " she said , as if to herself .
tr	NN	Cooper Industries ' year-on-year profit rose by 110 % and most of that profit came from their chemical business .
tr	NN	The mayor cowers , shrinking back against the wall .
tr	NNS	The carts hurtled lower into the Earth at incredible speeds .
tr	NNS	Her squeals , however , did get them a sound banging against the wall from one of their neighbors .
tr	NNS	Things conspired , the way they do .
tr	NNS	There are about 300 such cases recorded .
tr	NNS	Our ancestors fought in the doon wars alongside Azura .
tr	NNS	Then sobs wracked out of him .
tr	NNS	And murders happened in motels , too .
tr	NN	So after the last session , his teacher took leave of him at one of the portals and stepped back into the outside world .
tr	NN	Her pulse quickened as she read the Garth Report .
tr	NNS	Things had been a little hazy at that point .
tr	NNS	Things were back to normal .
tr	NN	The admiral activated his headset .
tr	NNS	The emails for transferring the money and reserving the villa were already on his phone .
tr	NN	The lack of disinfectant and antibacterial hand gel smell tells me so .
tr	NNS	The shifters backed up , showing submission .
tr	NN	His hesitation was just long enough to supply the answer .
tr	NNS	Alexis rolled over in her cot and buried her head under her pillow as she cried .
tr	NN	" Part of being on the team meant we had to sell advertising for our weekly football program .
tr	NNS	Her mothers was a narrow-minded trader and saw idleness and ruin in the aspirations and ambition of her daughter .
tr	NN	My determination was clear .
tr	NN	The solicitor then turned his attention to the other papers on his desk .
tr	NN	The surgeon had to put what he called a button on my lower back tooth way in the back of my mouth .
tr	NN	Our goal is to help people get on the right track to living a healthier lifestyle .
tr	NNS	But these abilities weren 't without a cost .
tr	NNS	All lucky breaks and highly fortunate close calls run out .
tr	NN	" Who 's your uncle ? "
tr	NN	" Mark my words ; coin is the only real power these days .
tr	NNS	Rasputin 's minions did not help .
tr	NNS	Not knowing who or what would become very frightening to her , especially the negative vibes that would surround her .
tr	NNS	The frames were too large for her face , but Father Hummer fastened them with a band .
tr	NNS	The three witnesses stood over their bikes in shock at the aftermath of the violence .
tr	NNS	The tantalizing aromas coming from the kitchen reminded him that he had come home .
tr	NNS	Six blunt spikes protruded from its back , and long , slender arms and legs protruded from its rounded fleshy body .
tr	NN	There was also a balcony directly above the pool , a balcony that led off to one of the rooms .
tr	NN	As was often the case in the intelligence world , the more one knew , the more frightening a scenario became .
tr	NN	Memory passes through the womb and hovers in the air .
tr	NN	" The likes of you , getting married .
tr	NNS	Three grey servants popped into existence .
tr	NN	The scar on Jason 's shoulder , the one from the gunshot wound in Georgia , glistened in the moonlight .
tr	NNS	If you can 't drive , chances are you won 't be in any car wrecks . "
tr	NNS	The planes fly along the coastline ready to search for vessels in distress and always on watch for nefarious activity . "
tr	NN	A zing of electricity passes through me at his touch .
tr	NN	The agent stood up .
tr	NN	The guilt from my outburst at dinner nags at me , the promise of James coming back strengthens me .
tr	NNS	His tales of the trip ranged from humorous to downright frightening .
tr	NNS	These poisons are very , very dangerous and Nightshade alone can kill with even a small amount .
tr	NNS	Erik 's expressions were subtle , and though there was no palpable change in his features , she could see the happiness drain from his face .
tr	NN	" Ghost issues . "
tr	NN	The large policeman opened the door , and Bod got out .
tr	NN	There was a slender time gap between seeing the body and Ben Adams issuing the order to close the causeway exit .
tr	NN	" No progress , " the scientist hesitantly replied .
tr	NN	A night in the cells isn 't that hard , " said the large policeman to his friend .
tr	NNS	" No , the streetlights , the streetlights are out . "
tr	NN	No , the mountain bike wasn 't just lying there , as if temporarily flung aside .
tr	NN	But her determination to do so warmed his heart .
tr	NN	The roar slowly changes to a uniform thrumming .
tr	NN	A conservatory , where a table of summer drinks was laid out , opened into a well-kept garden .
tr	NNS	" My deepest apologies , " I said sincerely grabbing a helmet and mask from the first soldier I attacked .
tr	NN	Her orgasm was so intense she barely noticed him flipping her to her belly then tugging her h * ps up .
tr	NN	Love didn 't expect them to find any if he was being honest .
tr	NNS	The mushrooms were bigger than Jason 's hand .
tr	NN	The blue sedan isn 't the same one we saw watching the house that first time .
tr	NN	The rope lay coiled about him , the wooden leg lying off to one side .
tr	NNS	Other family members of the Atlantis crew were crowding the waiting area by the time Cheryl and Hannah arrived , although they were several minutes early .
tr	NN	There was milk , cheese , bread , and two tomatoes .
tr	NNS	The cats came to her .
tr	NN	But every scenario I played out in my mind ended with her in tears and my heart broken .
tr	NNS	Panic races through me as I once again consider if this is the right thing to do or not .
tr	NNS	" Things began to go wrong .
tr	NNS	The streetlights at each corner of my street , Track Street , were dispensing their usual feeble nimbus .
tr	NNS	There are some great restaurants around here .
tr	NN	The owl swooped away too quickly for us to see .
tr	NNS	The objects he 's observing becoming ever smaller , the universe ever larger .
tr	NN	A range of emotions flickered across her face before she seemed to school it into a polite smile .
tr	NN	Same printing in the same careful style , but no seal , no indication from whence the letter had originated .
tr	NNS	Seamus was the same way and I 'll bet your David is , too . "
tr	NN	Gypsy said , " You see ?
tr	NNS	There were priorities here .
tr	NN	The lack of conviction in Jason 's expression as he picked up an orange bulb made Kate snort a laugh .
tr	NNS	Things like bills and paying the rent and parents on a destructive path didn 't matter .
tr	NN	A salad sounded much better than some canned vegetables .
tr	NNS	Tiki torches lit the way as I walked toward the gathering crowd .
tr	NN	He slowly scoured the beach to the left and the right , concentration etched on his thin face .
tr	NN	The bike with the sidecar blocks the main entrance to the hospital .
tr	NNS	Gooey organs seemed to ooze out between the feathers .
tr	NN	Chance stammered a bit as she lowered .
tr	NNS	Tall grasses grew up through the middle .
tr	NNS	Chills wracked my body .
tr	NN	The video was grainy and dark , and it stuttered along more like time-lapse photography than film , but the setting was right .
tr	NNS	Grow operations , dispensaries , and marijuana coffee shops have all hired on armed security and cities have their police on high alert .
tr	NNS	Cassius stood and walked toward me .
tr	NNS	Images took shape before me ; I saw the infected devouring each other and the decayed bodies of soldiers .
tr	NN	Boiled bark and muddy water do little for the appetite .
tr	NNS	Things just always sort of happen .
tr	NNS	The sharp edges of the health bar jab into the insides of my throat and I can 't get it to go up or down .
tr	NN	But only an idiot would fail to sense the predatory alertness in him .
tr	NN	" My secretary , Valerie , is retiring and I 'm currently interviewing for her position .
tr	NN	The older gentleman ordering in front of us took the picture of all of us guys with Bella in the middle .
tr	NN	Some travel agent called .
tr	NNS	Surely the meetings would be in English ?
tr	NNS	What could elves be doing at Carmela 's ?
tr	NN	But Steve 's art was purely driven by freely expressing that which was in his heart .
tr	NNS	The tests are very accurate .
tr	NNS	" Kids , your lunches are ready ! "
tr	NNS	But in reality , the chances are that , like always , I 'll outlive even Daisy who is almost immortal herself .
tr	NN	Ferry terminal littered with bodies , most in bags , which the camera panned quickly , from a height .
tr	NNS	The cells were on the second level .
tr	NN	A small half-smile crept onto her face .
tr	NN	My body stiffened and my hand clenched inside his .
tr	NN	At the far edge of the field , a tiny curl of smoke rose against the green .
tr	NNS	His warriors approved of this judgment with their heads .
tr	NN	Lucky for him his torso was free of hair .
tr	NNS	The spiritual vibes were overwhelming .
tr	NNS	Worlds upon worlds rallied to her call , joining her in a battle that spanned nearly a century .
tr	NN	The airport was out , ditto the highways , and especially the motels .
tr	NN	The lack of color only added to my sense of loss and I walked back to Jenny .
tr	NNS	The cliffs to either side were too sheer and too high to be assaulted .
tr	NN	I rotated my hips , my tethered hands a fulcrum I rocked against , his dick waiting against my ass .
tr	NN	The thug tried to cover the blood flowing out of his chest with his hands and then fell to the floor .
tr	NN	The female EMT came to touch Biggs 's shoulder .
tr	NN	The cart lay in shattered pieces , crushed against the fallen wall .
tr	NN	The unconditional winner in that crypto race was Arthur , Victor and Gera 's team .
tr	NNS	Folks who sold cadavers illegally for reasons known only to them .
tr	NNS	Things were always better when he played music ; the notes seemed to carry him to a different world altogether .
tr	NN	Jamie laughed , a disbelieving scoff .
tr	NNS	Was she convincing him ?
tr	NN	A nervous pit expanded in her chest .
tr	NN	The trumpets rang out in pure , clear defiance of the sleeping swarm : attack , attack , attack .
tr	NNS	They have their own quirks and weaknesses , their Achilles Heels .
tr	NNS	The edges of the lot stayed pitch black and I knew in the daytime , an empty field surrounded the lot on one side .
tr	NN	Despite the mess outside Salvation 's walls and my grief over Longshot 's sacrifice , a spark of bittersweet joy rose up .
tr	NN	His father had on his face the same stern look when he had left to come up here .
tr	NNS	Girls hit puberty faster than boys , so maybe he 'll eventually catch up .
tr	NN	Max 's amber eyes glare at me , and the scent of cigarettes is strong .
tr	NNS	Even as she watched , the pupils were slowly shrinking back to their normal size .
tr	NN	The squirrel , or whatever it was , did not come tumbling to the ground , but the ruckus in the treetops ceased .
tr	NNS	There were too many suits in her world .
tr	NN	The TV said you should ignore bullies and they would leave you alone , eventually .
tr	NNS	Animals have highly developed intuition .
tr	NNS	The seasoned warriors let Gray Fox have it , hitting him with the canes as he went through the line .
tr	NNS	" Where 's the drinks ? "
tr	NNS	Romulus recovered his strength and slung Viktor 's arm over his shoulder .
tr	NN	He stood straight and tall , looked exactly what he was , a warrior unsurpassed by any other .
tr	NN	The cowboy had already disappeared into the thickening smoke , but his voice came back loud and clear .
tr	NN	A tremor slid the length of his spine .
tr	NNS	Did the actions of wraiths even fit into any kind of morality I understood ?
tr	NNS	The two detectives watched her avidly .
tr	NN	The venom is spreading . "
tr	NNS	Her only real buddies weren 't particularly verbal , sticking to barking or howling .
tr	NN	An honour indeed to be the first . '
tr	NNS	' The planets and stars ; ' she said .
tr	NN	For him there was only melting and the children .
tr	NN	The lack of constant questions and observations allowed Claire to hear her own inner voices .
tr	NNS	" No worries , love .
tr	NNS	My fans loved me because of my mother -- it didn 't hurt that I 'd inherited her sense of style and her friendly nature .
tr	NNS	His eyelids flipped open .
tr	NN	the teacher said triumphantly .
tr	NNS	Flowers are not a big deal .
tr	NN	There 's a glint in his blue eyes , a spark of secrecy .
tr	NNS	They meant too much to Leo , were more his badges of honor than they were Levi 's .
tr	NN	Smiling , her daddy nodded .
tr	NNS	His kisses fell along her jawline and cheek , with nibbles along the earlobe .
tr	NNS	" There are bad pigs ? "
tr	NN	The gleam in my eyes probably wasn 't especially graceful .
tr	NNS	He thought he had , assumed he 'd allayed her fears .
tr	NN	The laptop is on the bookshelf .
tr	NN	This little bastard is a real tornado ' .
tr	NNS	Raw materials are plentiful . "
tr	NN	The chase was on and she was not going to escape .
tr	NNS	To gain more information about each other , the two nations developed a tradition of exchanging the children of various leaders for certain periods of time .
tr	NNS	Two shots cracked through the streets , one right after the other , and then - Silence .
tr	NN	Neither my rank nor my will fit me to be a priest and this pious community strives for nothing other , in me as in themselves .
tr	NNS	The beggars spent a few more minutes picking up hams , jars and bottles that had settled on the snow .
tr	NN	The flinty soil of the plateaus stretched nearly devoid of greenery , but ample pools of captured rainwater lay deep and clear .
tr	NNS	Her footsteps were all over the place as she made her way around each part of the room trying to find something to protect herself with .
tr	NNS	All unregistered Citizens from lower sectors must have clearance .
tr	NN	" According to my religion the burial has to happen as soon as possible , within 24 hours or so .
tr	NN	And that dragon was powerful , only rivaled by her evil mother .
tr	NNS	Lots of sitting around after the shot put and discus .
tr	NNS	Others circled the two lanterns , crashing against the glass coverings of the small flames .
tr	NN	" The bastard didn 't even offer health insurance for his factory workers .
tr	NN	" No kidding , " Graham said .
tr	NN	But how many times could a mortal watch it ?
tr	NN	The bearded hunter understood the hidden meaning .
tr	NNS	" My ancestors used this as part of the Underground Railroad . "
tr	NN	Then the teacher got to my name , and struggled just as my other two teachers had .
tr	NN	Maybe a trained therapist could help her learn to talk about the miscarriage and guide them toward redefining their future .
tr	NNS	Things may be a bit darker here because we are treading lightly to Silver 's area .
tr	NNS	There were two tunnels that led out of the room to my right , and one to my left .
tr	NN	There was a sparkle in Adam 's blue-gray eyes , so much like the sun glinting off the ocean .
tr	NN	The pilot sounds oddly , inappropriately chipper .
tr	NN	Our teacher pointed to my friends with her long index fingers , almost looking like she was imitating a cowboy holding guns .
tr	NNS	Her pupils widened with awareness , but she didn 't pull away .
tr	NNS	All those well-oiled gears came to an abrupt stop and had stayed stationary ever since .
tr	NNS	Crazy possibilities started forming in her head .
tr	NN	The garment had barely hit the ground before he divested her of the rest of her clothes , frantic to have her naked .
tr	NNS	" Some villains that Jack was trailing took it upon themselves to hang him by the neck .
tr	NNS	Dogs scavenged through the trash for scraps .
tr	NNS	The sales clerks were pleased , as well .
tr	NN	A low growl came from her throat .
tr	NN	A slight accent that sounded almost British flavored his speech .
tr	NNS	Sebastian walked up to the start of the sign , the letters towering over him .
tr	NNS	The boards were staring to give .
tr	NNS	Bugs watched his actions carefully and realized the mayor was attempting to locate his wife , Madison .
tr	NNS	The wartime posters told us that Careless Talk costs Lives .
tr	NN	The spotlight above her head pours down her hair a cascade of light .
tr	NN	" Your birthday -- that means you 're eighteen now . "
tr	NNS	There was nothing menacing about the little guy ; just a sense of the ridiculous .
tr	NNS	Rufus chuckled softly while he shook his head .
tr	NN	" A miracle it survived , isn 't it ? "
tr	NN	And what a dreadful , and terrifying companion it makes .
tr	NN	There was a massive roar of outrage when he touched the two together .
tr	NNS	The cards dispersed from a shoot to the dealer 's left clockwise , starting with Adam then to Garcia and last to Tony Swinton .
tr	NN	The van slowed , turned and bumped up into the driveway .
tr	NN	The dock was cold .
tr	NNS	And of course goblins don 't care about things like strategy .
tr	NN	The bullet , though , did not stop the renegade .
tr	NN	The challenge was exhilarating .
tr	NN	When Little Spirit took the stage their audience raised the roof .
tr	NNS	It was eerily quiet , with nothing stirring , the warriors stopped cheering and stood like statues .
tr	NNS	The good SS party members anyway -- the ones who didn 't ask too many awkward questions . "
tr	NN	The teacher called the principal .
tr	NN	Another sound beeped and this time , Jack reached for his phone before laughing .
tr	NN	The neighbor across the street contacted me .
tr	NN	A sliver of light penetrated the crack in the double doors .
tr	NN	I won , t tell you .
tr	NNS	" In here , our engineer Hephaestus is working on a project for the United Space Probe Agency .
tr	NN	As she walked , the unstable mass of her hair bobbed with the rhythm of each step .
tr	NN	A grove of cottonwoods masked the entrance to a narrow draw , which led up to the mesa on the northern side .
tr	NN	That seed had died in the ashes .
tr	NNS	There were no promises .
tr	NNS	The Molotov cocktails rained down on the lake periphery with uncanny accuracy .
tr	NN	Unlike the real Harry , who would have slammed the door in her face , the actor held the door open for her .
tr	NN	His whole manner had changed .
tr	NNS	Crusted , scabby rips exposed dry , stringy sinew .
tr	NN	The desk lamp snapped free and rolled , casting the only light in the room towards the corner .
tr	NN	A battery-powered lantern is on the floor .
tr	NN	Their leader would have to go to this much trouble just to keep his men happy .
tr	NNS	And the media and the public believed it .
tr	NNS	Seed pearls and lace adorned the bodice , and yards and yards of cascading ruffles and lace spilled down the front of the skirt .
tr	NN	His feigned weakness intended to embolden his captors .
tr	NN	" Love is very powerful .
tr	NN	A receptionist smiled and nodded .
tr	NN	No offense , but you 're practically my brother . "
tr	NN	The prickly bastard shrugged off his daughter 's touch .
tr	NN	Our kindness lowered their resistance . "
tr	NNS	Beware : Even his gentlest tests can be deadly .
tr	NNS	Others were reaching for Felix , calling his name .
tr	NN	The thin maid arched an eyebrow and placed the canary melon in the basket at her feet .
tr	NN	He shrugged and leaned forward , eyes intent on me .
tr	NNS	The zombies in the noob area were sluggish at best , limping around at a pace so slow that you could out walk them .
tr	NN	The dragon her father had killed to win this land .
tr	NN	The cape was actually part of the dress , woven into the neck and shoulders so carefully that it seemed to grow from the lace .
tr	NN	The lead Stryker had a large white flag flapping from its roof .
tr	NNS	Others ruled with an iron fist , with corruption , and with lies , while their subjects died of hunger and disease .
tr	NN	His clothing was casual but expensive , with a tailored fit that highlighted his powerful body .
tr	NN	But I still sorta think your dream guy could exist . "
tr	NNS	The ogres all bellowed with laughter in satisfaction at that declaration .
tr	NNS	Others in the room laughed .
tr	NN	" I told him about your consult fee , and he said he 'd pay , " replied the receptionist .
tr	NNS	Probably he smelled of fear - but like men , gorillas had a poorly developed sense of smell .
tr	NN	Her tail thumped twice before she closed her eyes .
tr	NNS	Looks like ... " Joe shrugged dismissively .
tr	NNS	Apart from people passing by from time to time , there were builders working on a new shop on the opposite side of the road .
tr	NN	To the side , the lesser priest disappeared with the jungle painting .
tr	NNS	" But those creatures scared me a lot more .
tr	NN	A slight creak in the door changed everything .
tr	NNS	Sadness like Ihad never known overwhelmed me and I felt like I would never be strong enough to stand it .
tr	NNS	Nothing inhuman has ever - " " Not that kind of clean , " Jessica interrupted , trying not to roll her eyes .
tr	NNS	" There are no scales between friends .
tr	NNS	Small crimson bulbs illuminated the instrument panels , where several indicators flashed yellow .
tr	NNS	There are no chains on the doors , and the telephone is in working order .
tr	NNS	Words thickened on her tongue , " My only memories are Church .
tr	NN	My first goal now was to search for a lookout .
tr	NNS	Their ages make that kind of relationship impossible .
tr	NN	The valet has your keys , right ? "
tr	NN	Her beautiful off-the-shoulder couture gown flowed elegantly down the stairs as all eyes focused on her and the beauty she was .
tr	NN	My observation of the mortal world had always been at a distance ; I 'd never been this close to this much humanity .
tr	NN	The magnitude of the disaster began gradually to dawn upon them all : not only Capetown lost , but two of the largest ports in Africa besides .
tr	NN	Where is my granddaughter , Jolene ?
tr	NNS	The possibilities are almost endless if she does so willingly . "
tr	NNS	Lots of trees up there in the back forties around Sabin .
tr	NN	The captain steps forward and executes a lovely , apologetic wa .
tr	NNS	The wolves just seemed to be waiting .
tr	NN	In fact , the only Hartley she knew about was the brother .
tr	NNS	Things just move too fast and I can 't get the hang of what 's goin ' on .
tr	NN	" Ice cream is a girl 's best friend . "
tr	NNS	Five domes topped five wings , each with a majestic spire .
tr	NN	" Your employer must have gone to a lot of trouble and expense .
tr	NNS	The dwarves barely understood shooting with energy weapons .
tr	NN	" And my first loyalty will always be to the Brotherhood .
tr	NNS	But our experiences make us who we are .
tr	NNS	My fingernails press into my palms .
tr	NN	Did the grandmother have custody of the caller 's child ?
tr	NNS	Our footsteps echoed on the metal walkway .
tr	NN	Your clothing was amazing .
tr	NNS	And newspapers sold out as quickly as they arrived from Nairobi .
tr	NNS	Most other werewolves feared him , specifically for that reason .
tr	NNS	Just the few inches the tight bedclothes binding her allowed .
tr	NN	Before the man could continue , a siren sounded in the distance , the noise growing closer and making it impossible to continue the conversation .
tr	NN	And hey , if they 're all right maybe we can do some hunting ourselves . "
tr	NNS	Not that her efforts had done much good .
tr	NN	The fire 's reflection danced against his bare shoulders .
tr	NN	" But what if Jason was his accomplice ? "
tr	NN	A mass of bruises , cuts and lash marks covered her from head to toe .
tr	NN	Marwan 's adrenaline enabled him to stand up as he wobbled unsteadily and scanned the moonlit riverbanks , looking for the third silhouette he saw .
tr	NNS	Hell , San Francisco banks can own houses in Pacoima , and use San Diego agents to handle selling them .
tr	NNS	Things don 't go well on the descent in to Schiaparelli Basin .
tr	NNS	The buyers wanted to deal with a man .
tr	NN	Its delivery did not have the effect of which it was once capable , but still I paid attention .
tr	NN	A fire siren began to wail in the distance .
tr	NNS	His locks were incredibly soft and I found myself running my fingers through his mane over and over .
tr	NNS	The paintings are great , but imagine if copies of the Old Masters were on the wall .
tr	NNS	Four steps in , his instincts blared an undeniable warning .
tr	NN	The bitch squad gapes openly as though Chloe were unaware of the social demotion she were impinging on them .
tr	NN	This trip down memory lane had a way of erasing all the frustrations she felt earlier .
tr	NNS	There was something delicious smelling cooking in the pot over the fire .
tr	NNS	His thrusts were deeper now , more urgent .
tr	NNS	The unmistakably human figures within the grove coalesced into a direction , off into the deeper woods that connected to the stand of persimmon trees .
tr	NNS	Shiny boards of polished wood , accented by the glimmering sunlight against bronze trim .
tr	NN	There was a lantern and a groove in the wall , so Celaena once again lit the spiraling passage .
tr	NN	" The treatment is working , but he 's not out of the woods .
tr	NNS	" Lights would be very good right now ! "
tr	NN	There was a loud thud that made Bethany wince , but he didn 't flinch .
tr	NNS	Clothes and necessities are the most important .
tr	NNS	There were tests to be done , and she would have to wait .
tr	NN	The student looked bored , shuffled on his feet and turned his head around to examine various items of machinery in the room .
tr	NN	The white stag was a fey creature , and it would not come to a metal city .
tr	NNS	" Anyway , congratulations , " he said .
tr	NN	" Just watch yourself in there , love , there are some dodgy folk about . "
tr	NNS	My footsteps echo in the empty chamber .
tr	NN	Part of the pain of his death was not knowing anything about it .
tr	NNS	There were two empty spaces among the tools .
tr	NNS	How had the wolves gotten inside ?
tr	NN	Chance wasn 't so sure of that .
tr	NN	At the same time , another more slender vine drops down .
tr	NNS	When he didn 't see his wife sick anymore , his worries subsided .
tr	NN	" Love will do that to a man .
tr	NNS	Rags was his pet , too . "
tr	NNS	Hands joined mine , as arms went around me .
tr	NNS	Adam 's nostrils flared and his jaw clenched .
tr	NN	There was no proof she 'd been with Ethan , but her death bothered me .
tr	NNS	The diaries still work , right ? "
tr	NN	' But this prophecy speaks of five people , warriors of a kind , and I have come to believe that she is one of them . '
tr	NNS	Things had been blurry then .
tr	NNS	Things aren 't happening the way they 're supposed to .
tr	NNS	On already stiffening muscles he first hobbled then broke through the pain as he sprinted around the warehouse 's perimeter .
tr	NNS	Certainly , institutions of higher learning are above the fray .
tr	NN	My friend Annette and I were walking home from school through an old alley lined with lilac bushes in bloom .
tr	NNS	Two members of the Pentagon Protection Force checked their kit , took their paperwork and fake IDs , and consulted the day 's roster .
tr	NNS	He fought to control himself , cursed the others sharing the small confines of the cabin keeping him from indulging his fantasies .
tr	NNS	" So no beetle eggs in this malt , " Pigeon said , poised to take a new sip .
tr	NN	The video continued for a few minutes as the doctor collected soil samples .
tr	NNS	Naturally , he thought , these experiments must have had some importance , if no other than to find out that one could gain nothing from them .
tr	NN	A sob rose into my throat and I opened my mouth , but nothing came out .
tr	NN	The annual ritual commenced with an afternoon meal catered by a firm with whom Jed senior had a long-standing contract .
tr	NNS	" There are a few arrangements to make , so I will contact you in the next few days . "
tr	NNS	Sadness clouded her eyes .
tr	NNS	The vamps were armed , some with guns , some with stakes .
tr	NNS	Tomorrow morning , our remaining patrons will send their supporters to attack the arena .
tr	NN	A strength born of knowledge accumulated , wisdom pondered over many a long winter 's night .
tr	NNS	Their fierce whispers drew Mickey 's attention and he waved a hello to Connelly , then pointed to himself , seeing if he should join them .
tr	NNS	Big drops of rain started to spot the ground like a work of modern art .
tr	NN	Well , there 's a limit to what a man can tolerate .
tr	NN	Love looked at his partner .
tr	NNS	25 Marius sat in front of Haven , squinting at her .
tr	NN	" When does this madness end ?
tr	NN	A grunt from Callum broke the spell .
tr	NN	If anyone found out what they did , Jake feared , his career as an alchemist 's apprentice would end .
tr	NN	The thief emerged from the kitchen a pair of heartbeats later , sliding something beneath his cloak .
tr	NN	" My grandmother was the landlord ? "
tr	NN	A sudden clatter from the far side told them that the room beyond was definitely occupied .
tr	NNS	Looks like I lucked out again .
tr	NN	An aura of brutal , cold power bled from him .
tr	NNS	The long thick copper locks curled on the ends and brushed against the middle of her back .
tr	NNS	Sadness filled her eyes then .
tr	NNS	The roads were barely visible through the thick fog of snow tossing and turning around me .
tr	NN	Her sweet simplicity was heart wrenching .
tr	NN	" Eleazar , " the leader said .
tr	NNS	Rufus arrived last puffing , sucking in air .
tr	NNS	The elves in their turn , thought that humans were inferior , having such short lives and being a later creation of the gods .
tr	NNS	Her footsteps came closer and her face appeared around the side of the wall .
tr	NN	A growl grew under the table .
tr	NNS	The drugs they injected into your system would have killed you shortly after you arrived here . "
tr	NNS	His trousers were in tatters and he had no shoes or socks .
tr	NNS	Because the wagon was upside down , the contents fell on the inside of the canvas top of the wagon .
tr	NNS	' Their clasps are unique to them .
tr	NNS	" The roads were drier than I expected . "
tr	NN	Her pretense struck him as entertaining but humorously unnecessary .
tr	NN	This homecoming wasn 't something I wanted to discuss .
tr	NNS	" Names aren 't exactly the important bit in places like this . "
tr	NNS	There are several trailers set up alongside the road and about a dozen cars .
tr	NN	The most eligible bachelor in all of London - well , as far as she knew - had asked her out .
tr	NNS	" Not even your rotten companions ? "
tr	NN	His pseudo uncle , Todd , spoke of hunches all the time .
tr	NN	The captain fell silent and , turning , watched the road from his vantage point .
tr	NN	But his exclamation seemed to work , and they quickly skirted off down the hall and resumed their stroll .
tr	NN	Your ma only found out when I got here . "
tr	NNS	" Others will rise . "
tr	NN	The hunger won out over the revulsion as she seized hold of the bag and drained it in one greedy gulp .
tr	NNS	Many millions died outright from the initial event .
tr	NN	Silver and white ripped through the dark veil that curled around me .
tr	NN	Part of him was Drake , because he performed like Drake , he took their eyes , but he wasn 't exactly the same .
tr	NN	The grumbling gathered speed around the table , and within ten minutes of Easter 's arrival , the jurors were on the verge of revolt .
tr	NNS	Myles swiveled back and forth as he mulled over Isaac 's response .
tr	NNS	Once he had her seated on his cock , those tits were getting sucked .
tr	NNS	So the vamps could whisk me away to hell knows where ?
tr	NN	The illusion blurred , and we were back in the room I grew up in .
tr	NN	The stench of decaying soul permeated the space .
tr	NN	The simple token of affection felt strange and wonderful .
tr	NN	More gunfire from other parts of the fort signaled trouble .
tr	NNS	Both boxers came out of their corners , but they didn 't go dashing towards the other .
tr	NNS	How does eggs , hash browns , toast and bacon sound ?
tr	NNS	My ladies have helped me navigate everything from precarious office politics to dealings with my ex 's mother .
tr	NN	At least the bastard had known better than to ask her to pay a fare .
tr	NNS	The dwarven mines had all but run dry .
tr	NNS	The companions along with Tarsus entered through the door into a huge room .
tr	NN	" Yes , " the inspector cleared his throat and continued .
tr	NNS	Elaborate sculptures above the door portrayed events from the life of Mary .
tr	NN	The young chaplain poured a brandy .
tr	NN	The entire audience gaped at her .
tr	NN	' Ok darling , just checking .
tr	NNS	The fears that have plagued me for years don 't draw near .
tr	NN	The garage was roomy : almost but not quite a double .
tr	NN	Simon 's dragon is brown and orange and is very huge .
tr	NNS	His thrusts came harder .
tr	NNS	Animals scurried out of their path , hunkered down in terror at their passing .
tr	NN	The vine master got a purse .
tr	NN	The gunfire would have carried through the trees .
tr	NNS	The drones were firing their guns once more .
tr	NNS	Silver chains that Ray insisted were necessary .
tr	NN	" But routine praise was not enough for him .
tr	NN	The dead werewolf crashed to the ground , now the corpse of a stocky man with curling fair hair .
tr	NN	The pup belongs to you .
tr	NN	A wealthy werewolf who has been a thorn in the Grand Master 's side for a long time owns it .
tr	NNS	Now and then these meetings had not been entirely selfish .
tr	NNS	" Who are the targets ? "
tr	NNS	Yes , all the young ladies are clapping their hands . "
tr	NNS	These creatures are not the mindless monsters movies want you to believe they are .
tr	NN	Any politeness filter that might have been over my mouth disappears .
tr	NNS	" Things just got out of hand .
tr	NN	A chunky , red headed sergeant jumped to his feet beside Ranger .
tr	NN	" No offense , Lindsay , but no , " Xavier began .
tr	NN	As her breathing begins to shallow , Link gently hums her song as he rocks her in his arms .
tr	NNS	Your letters sound like y ' all are doing real well .
tr	NN	In the center of the table was a huge arrangement of white roses , white lilies , and greenery .
tr	NNS	Bugs handed Timmy a mug of ale , which he gratefully guzzled down .
tr	NNS	" Oh well congratulations are you still with the baby 's daddy ? "
tr	NN	" Gabrielle Ashe , " the senator said , reading her name tag .
tr	NNS	The two skeletal creatures had called together a cell of the lesser foot soldiers , and they had set out the next day .
tr	NNS	But Malcolm 's " experiments " had been off .
tr	NN	The dwarf blew a sequence of notes on the horn .
tr	NN	The command made her heart beat harder against her chest .
tr	NN	A holiday miracle sometime soon sure would be nice .
tr	NNS	Now there were whispers in the audience .
tr	NNS	My associates will continue scanning and transferring today 's material into text .
tr	NN	Gregori 's hunger was a living thing , filling him with need .
tr	NN	My soul mate was loyalty and honor at its finest .
tr	NNS	" Things have changed so much in one week .
tr	NN	A tremble ran through his body .
tr	NNS	The fullness of the scene hits me like a punch in the face .
tr	NN	She found him on the back porch , his flashlight pointed at the fuse box .
tr	NN	Love shouldn 't be so hard , to conquer . "
tr	NNS	There were no prints on either the casings or at the site .
tr	NN	Storm walked over and stood in front of her .
tr	NNS	More spots swam before his eyes .
tr	NNS	Those satellites would have hurled towards nearby planets , dragging meteors of all shapes and sizes with them .
tr	NNS	Several other couples dressed all in white left with him .
tr	NNS	" The classes could last from three weeks to six months , " he said , " depending on how things go .
tr	NNS	The nuns christened me Mary and brought me up and taught me book learning before I ran away .
tr	NN	The sharp tip embedded in the beam above her head .
tr	NNS	The twins were cruising in a car Valerie had never heard of before but soon came to call the McLaren .
tr	NNS	Loud sobs escaped her mouth as a few nurses came running .
tr	NNS	Hands grip my shoulders and pull me until I am standing .
tr	NN	The pale scrawny refugee and all the rest that followed , along with the millions of souls following me , melted off like running water .
tr	NN	The scanning , uploading , and distribution of this book via the Internet or any other means without publisher permission is illegal and punishable by law .
tr	NN	The goblin dipped in a small bow and scurried out the door .
tr	NNS	Large , round , metallic objects fell through the sky , foreign against the landscape of nature .
tr	NN	The consensus was he 'd had another heart attack .
tr	NN	A black sedan drove slowly across the gravel driveway and parked next to Avalon 's truck .
tr	NNS	One by one , the campers drift off .
tr	NNS	Things happen that we can 't control .
tr	NN	Over here , the tank blocked the camera .
tr	NN	The tip of his manhood pressed against her core .
tr	NN	A braided leather rope looped across the front for pulling .
tr	NN	The leader again spoke , " Sure , why not .
tr	NN	A halo of ebony curls encircled his tiny head .
tr	NN	" Probably the greatest ever from Arkansas , " was Pop 's assessment .
tr	NN	The Ship of Space was immediately at our disposal .
tr	NNS	More Reapers came from the east .
tr	NNS	The dwarves managed all the preparations .
tr	NN	The jerk 's personality did not improve with exposure .
tr	NNS	Now there were not only colorful fans , but schools of large fish , too .
tr	NN	The trio headed through the jungle .
tr	NNS	And the crows swirled up into the air , dark , shining wings glittering in the moonlight , disturbed by a force they could not recognize .
tr	NNS	His visits stopped once I was put under guard . "
tr	NN	My pulse was jumping all over the place for no reason .
tr	NN	On the far side of the rails was a narrow strip of asphalt .
tr	NNS	Eventually , their footsteps died away .
tr	NNS	Possibly Coby 's smarts had come through his daddy , since it had taken Arlene this long to figure that out .
tr	NNS	Faint wisps of steam and the acrid smell of electrical fires wafted out of the chamber .
tr	NN	There was some mild grumbling , but the muddied workers continued as they had been .
tr	NN	There was a clear glint of warning in the fifteen-year-old 's eyes .
tr	NN	The majority of relationships ended tragically - like how his had with his ex-wife .
tr	NNS	Dragons like shiny stuff , that 's why whenever we 're depicted in movies we 're always around shiny gold .
tr	NNS	Sometimes teachers even said it wrong because the football players were good at internal branding .
tr	NNS	At the melding of their mouths , fireworks erupted around them , orange and red and white .
tr	NNS	Just two long , intense kisses before bed and then he fell asleep .
tr	NNS	Around them , crashes sounded , along with the satisfied growls of two Shifters enjoying themselves .
tr	NNS	His eyelids flew open .
tr	NN	A journey maid 's pendant had the gold dust evenly divided between top and bottom .
tr	NN	the Master asked sweetly .
tr	NN	There 's no emotional garbage this asswipe can use against me . "
tr	NN	The butterfly 's cool . "
tr	NNS	Alessia 's worst fears had come true -- none of them had escaped the vapor cloud .
tr	NNS	There were no signs , no seats , no litter , and no passengers .
tr	NNS	A few weak spotlights shine down along the path , giving everything an eerie , greenish glow .
tr	NN	And since he had no idea where on the preserve he was , identifying north would not help him much yet anyhow .
tr	NN	There was a subtle layer of amusement in Princess Alix 's voice .
tr	NN	A stab of pain made an effective reminder .
tr	NN	" Unless my grandmother is alive . "
tr	NNS	Instead , the images had come together in a pattern that had shown her how to escape .
tr	NNS	The styles are completely different .
tr	NNS	Words cease to matter .
tr	NNS	Draft boards move slowly . "
tr	NNS	Others just frozen . "
tr	NNS	' The stakes always confuse them , and it takes them more time to send the report back . '
tr	NNS	Images flash across the wall , almost too fast for me to see .
tr	NNS	Things had been far from easy in my kingdoms , but a few things had helped us through this disaster .
tr	NN	A knight in armour fashioned from the essence of fire .
tr	NNS	His past actions have alerted the Beings of an involvement in this . "
tr	NNS	The screens turned dark .
tr	NNS	" If I 'm remembering correctly there are trails pretty close in either direction .
tr	NN	My email to Greg was as upbeat as I could make it .
tr	NNS	Looks like Sam isn 't happy with his mother . "
tr	NN	' More guilt , that 's what . '
tr	NN	Her red gingham apron showed signs of what looked like ketchup across the bib .
tr	NN	the footman asked urgently as he continued to try and open the door .
tr	NNS	Social skills were never his strong suit .
tr	NN	His lordship wishes to see if this is true . "
tr	NN	An hour later , an exhausted JJ put the last of the boxes of spares onto the pile of crates and boxes now filling the lobby .
tr	NNS	Three shots echo inside the plasma as I jump .
tr	NNS	" My apologies Jake , but you have already saved them .
tr	NNS	But these feeble minds will soon forget what they witnessed today .
tr	NNS	Goss watched the sky to the east slowly begin to lighten .
tr	NN	We would also need to know that you have room in your home for him , which obviously you do , " the gentleman explained .
tr	NN	Without street signs and landmarks , their only navigational aid during the day was the sun 's position in the sky .
tr	NN	The ugly , dirty Prince fancied himself as something of a lady 's man - even though no ladies ever agreed with him !
tr	NN	Terror gripped him as he realized that was the worst place for her to be .
tr	NN	My pulse kicked up .
tr	NNS	Others kept their heads enough to shut the other three gates that blocked the tunnels from the main room .
tr	NNS	Local authorities wouldn 't have been too chuffed .
tr	NN	A heavy dread descended on her and she wiped damp palms on her thighs .
tr	NNS	That shifters won 't ever lead a completely human existence .
tr	NNS	She took it and shrugged into it , her movements awkward and not strong .
tr	NNS	Plus , the authorities already knew that we were human , so what did it matter if one more person knew ?
tr	NNS	The ancient myths of Britain are full of mythic giants .
tr	NN	At last the full spectrum of her devastation began to set in .
tr	NN	" Our illustrious leader has decided to take over this case from Cousins , who will now lead the Sunderland investigation .
tr	NNS	Screams erupted from the passing women .
tr	NN	" Where 's your captain going ? "
tr	NNS	And without a sign of annoyance , the black figures slowly faded away .
tr	NNS	Bad clientele attract bad luck . "
tr	NN	A tap at the door drew my mother 's attention .
tr	NNS	" The counts finally came in .
tr	NNS	Her fingernails were polished red , and somehow that seemed very weird .
tr	NN	Haden Green limped out in front of him , a small sliver of glass stuck out of his right eye .
tr	NN	And luckily not meant to kill us .
tr	NN	" Running water , " said the Lecturer in Recent Runes suddenly .
tr	NNS	" Maybe these images are the only way the prophet can help someone identify this particular kind of death . "
tr	NN	The trick would be to size the fake trade to be large enough to do the job .
tr	NN	Her bra and jeans followed .
tr	NN	Love thought back to his meeting with Timmy .
tr	NN	The pilot signaled the ground crew again .
tr	NNS	" Animals just adore me . "
tr	NNS	Looks like we 're both kicking butt today .
tr	NN	There was a faint stir and a breath of laughter among the men .
tr	NN	The vote happens in one day , and we need to make certain the right man is made king .
tr	NNS	Nicodemus watched Hal 's check with a concerned look on his face .
tr	NN	The visibility is terrible and I can barely see what 's in front of me , apart from thick sheets of icy rain .
tr	NNS	Quick calculations revealed I would be stone cold broke in about a week , assuming I ate like a prison inmate .
tr	NN	" In Philadelphia , there was a records depot that burned down in 1834 .
tr	NNS	There were several items donated from local businesses .
tr	NNS	The fans are on their feet going crazy ! "
tr	NNS	Reyes asked , surprised to find himself alive and his enemy dead .
tr	NN	But the retired regimental commander needed to keep up the guise .
tr	NNS	Gabriel 's movements were graceful and flowing , revealing power and coordination like those of a dancer , a warrior .
tr	NNS	There are hardly any sentences that I have to read twice .
tr	NN	Madame Rossini 's corset has obviously done good service .
tr	NN	Leaves and dirt kicked up around me , Barney 's tail wagged in eager excitement as he made one more trip back and forth .
tr	NNS	Sadness washed over her at the flat tone of his voice .
tr	NNS	Others had whispered rumors that her father worked with wraiths , but she 'd always thought them liars .
tr	NNS	And still the races stood , watching the black heart beat .
tr	NN	" After eight years , ' t is over .
tr	NN	My chemistry lab partner walked by and I hesitantly tapped her on the shoulder , calling out her name .
tr	NNS	Classical musical plays as Jimmy smiles .
tr	NN	His pen flew across his little notepad .
tr	NN	The standard method to determine the Chosen was to witness their reaction during crisis -- as Anon had done for her .
tr	NNS	Like Trevor , their appearances were no longer under the influence of the Melting Pot Mixers .
tr	NN	The dragon closed his eyes for a few seconds and then said , " What do you carry with you everywhere ? "
tr	NNS	Reyes beat him to it .
tr	NN	A loud , growing roar began to distract his tumbling thoughts .
tr	NN	Next birthday I 'll be ' dis many . "
tr	NNS	The light flickered back and forth , its dimness mercifully concealing much of the deterioration of my sister 's face and skin .
tr	NN	" No , an angel who has been stripped of his Task can never leave the Realm of Light . "
tr	NNS	There were other creatures amongst the bag men : scientists in stained white suits .
tr	NN	" Your birthday passed , right ?
tr	NN	The captain removed the linking bars for the various control levers and began to push them apart .
tr	NN	The sergeant pressed her finger to a scanner , and a door slid open , leading down another corridor .
tr	NNS	Demetrius grabbed her and forced her in front of him , holding both her hands behind her back with one hand .
tr	NN	Why did that last sentence sting so much ?
tr	NNS	The explanations belonged to him .
tr	NNS	Three towering church spires kept watch .
tr	NNS	Romulus looked over the edge of the building and saw his playing card lying on the ground .
tr	NNS	If your governments are stubborn , many millions of your puny friends will die . "
tr	NNS	Things are getting dimmer .
tr	NN	the chaplain asked , still looking like he wasn 't in any hurry .
tr	NN	The roar of more bombs bursting in air echoed somewhere behind them .
tr	NNS	" Did the prints come back yet ? "
tr	NN	The gown shone silver upon blue , bulky yet beautiful , with ripples of deep , velvet cloth .
tr	NNS	The siblings growled at each other .
tr	NNS	" How about toasted marshmallows ? "
tr	NN	And on it , a curved cross tattoo .
tr	NN	An elderly gentleman manned it , keeping children from getting too close and adding wood when needed .
tr	NN	The plasma shows a single brown colored cylinder .
tr	NNS	Although obviously weakened , her movements were oddly fluid .
tr	NN	Love looked over at Stuart .
tr	NNS	Blurred figures surrounded her and she could still feel the cold grip of someone 's hand on hers .
tr	NNS	Muscles bulged beneath her touch in sleek definition from a combination of hours spent in the gym during the winter months and exertion outdoors .
tr	NN	Chewie 's fur rippled with bunching muscles .
tr	NNS	Lots of blonde wood and modern light fixtures , with sufficient wattage to let the equally blonde crowd see and be seen .
tr	NNS	Shortly , last year 's bulbs in the borders of the shrubbery clumps will add even more colour to the palette . "
tr	NN	Your green knight destroyed her hall of torture , so she took me as a guest to her room to be chained against her wall .
tr	NNS	Ten Aris was kissing her .
tr	NNS	Most media leaderships and owners actually did not truly understand the changes that pervaded India and therefore he felt there were little initiatives taken in right direction .
tr	NN	" The overwhelming majority of females do , as part of the warrior caste . "
tr	NN	As Edwin fumbled with the envelope his pulse quickened , and his head began to throb .
tr	NN	One earnest young archer asked .
tr	NNS	Its edges are all fraying , wearing with time .
tr	NNS	A few more inches and he could swing one of his dangling legs over and roll up .
tr	NNS	" Ah ... " The duchess looked at Emma .
tr	NNS	Muscles I didn 't even know I had were letting me know I was using them .
tr	NN	To my left was the ravine , the deep gash in the side of the mountain .
tr	NNS	Tennis courts are a little farther down the path , asphalt , not clay .
tr	NN	A sharp stab of rage boiled over .
tr	NN	The surgery so practised I got the feeling Marc had performed it many times before .
tr	NNS	Thoughts like that aren 't going to do me a bit of good .
tr	NN	Their captain in front glares at her .
tr	NNS	Things have happened that have made it impossible . "
tr	NNS	As always the heavy drapes prevented any sunlight from intruding into the interior .
tr	NN	That 's what I heard , " said a student .
tr	NNS	There were eight suites , where we found freshly shined shoes and beds made with hospital corners .
tr	NNS	" My apologies , Lieutenant . "
tr	NN	There 's a slight slur to her speech and I wonder if the doctor can hear it .
tr	NN	My subconscious laughs , reminding me that Andrew has survived throughout this world 's tumultuous history .
tr	NN	Our compartment had comfortable seats that could fold into beds , a small table and a private bathroom .
tr	NN	The moon 's reflection had moved to the pond 's far edge and quivered there as if it were afraid of them .
tr	NNS	Looking at him I couldn 't help to see how he personified my word of the day , pompous jerk .
tr	NN	My resolve was faltering , trying to fight back his lips found mine .
tr	NN	My grandmother watched Let 's Make a Deal for years and never once beat the contestants .
tr	NNS	Espionage aside , cocktail dresses and breakfast buffets just didn 't mix .
tr	NN	And this hunter fully intended to see the tables turned .
tr	NN	" Either some back-alley Bangkok surgeon has done a rubbish job on your face , Tony , or you 're not Tony . "
tr	NN	The gown slid to the floor and Gavin looked his fill .
tr	NNS	Loud , thumping footsteps followed behind me .
tr	NNS	" There are always disappearances in the swamps , unexplained odors , and weird occurrences .
tr	NNS	Six editing screens and a couple of very large clocks kept them in touch with the world .
tr	NN	" If this is an airplane then there should be a cock pit , " the sheriff said coldly .
tr	NN	The gentleman seemed uneasy with my question .
tr	NN	A dark red throw cushion , stained and nasty , lay on the couch beside her .
tr	NN	Her grandmother taught her about the sight ; she said it ran in their family .
tr	NN	Bailey 's daddy is still negotiating with God for the deed to the universe . "
tr	NNS	His instincts hadn 't just totally misled him about her nature .
tr	NNS	His two companions watched impatiently , annoyed to still be up this late at night .
tr	NN	The electricity pulsed through my veins , heating my blood and healing my body .
tr	NNS	The lizards are cooking and we are packing up only what we need to carry for survival .
tr	NNS	Girls get ill all times of the year .
tr	NNS	The tightness around his eyes gave him away .
tr	NN	A real dragon ... , " she spluttered .
tr	NNS	Plans are already in motion that cannot be stopped .
tr	NN	" Morning , " I returned , confused by the overeager man-child almost dancing in the kitchen .
tr	NN	Had the bullet hit Rachel ?
tr	NN	The harness held , and the mechanism speedily pulled her across the ravine .
tr	NN	The courtyard , however , was magnificent , with plush green lawns framed and cut across by a whirl of paving .
tr	NN	The teacher was taking roll call .
tr	NN	His yells had turned to whispers to ensure neither of the girls could listen in .
tr	NN	The passion in his eyes as he watched my breathless reaction .
tr	NN	But the U.S. government does not recognize the Chinese authority over international waters of South China Sea .
tr	NNS	There are quite a few shots of walkers from windows of high buildings , and after a few more moments , we come to a video .
tr	NN	" His magical signature . "
tr	NNS	At least their hackles weren 't up and they weren 't growling .
tr	NNS	His eyelids fluttered , and his hand moved toward his pocket , where I could see a gleam of silver .
tr	NN	A fan over the bed spun and moved the air .
tr	NN	The section leader nodded to his men to comply .
tr	NN	" You need to go now , " the angel urged , motioning for Liam to step into the portal again .
tr	NNS	Her boobs shrank back to their normal size , and her milk dried up .
tr	NNS	In the body of the room there were cases that must once have contained artifacts ; but they were empty .
tr	NNS	Her vocal cords wouldn 't work .
tr	NN	Her tall stack of wet tissues fell off of her lap as she repositioned herself on the couch .
tr	NN	A clatter rumbled along the truck bed .
tr	NN	The pilot of his private jet had said he 'd be landing in an hour .
tr	NN	This is forbidden territory for you , " ordered the well-armed sergeant peering in through the passenger window .
tr	NN	Her blush and stammer reminds me how good-looking he is .
tr	NNS	Others like us . "
tr	NN	But every nerve in my body was electrified , a traitor to my brain .
tr	NN	The agent swore like a sailor .
tr	NNS	The members of the council appear to have come here in good faith .
tr	NNS	" Good eggs , " he muttered .
tr	NNS	Maybe new surroundings will get him remembering faster . "
tr	NNS	The detectives put their guns down and pull out handcuffs .
tr	NNS	The global factions are conducting a tally on who should side with the dying breed .
tr	NN	Against people like that , regular surveillance would be good enough .
tr	NN	The glow around its body dims and wavers and then vanishes like a candle snuffed .
tr	NNS	Things at Purgatory are not quite what they seem .
tr	NNS	Some ports were more difficult to negotiate than others .
tr	NN	The therapist was an older woman who worked on my back and legs for quite a while .
tr	NN	The red rectangle rose , shimmered , then turned into a woman with long flowing hair that blew behind her on the arms of the wind .
tr	NN	The southern drawl was strong .
tr	NN	There was no hesitation in her .
tr	NNS	Except the way his cells perked up at her touch .
tr	NN	Whatever embarrassment she had possessed had fled hours ago .
tr	NN	Daren 's little Friday night celebration of his return was over , and it was time for a long , overdue , heart-to-heart talk .
tr	NN	The lead man 's momentum carried him forward another fifteen feet before he realized he was dead and fell end over end onto the blacktop .
tr	NN	A map of the U.S. torn from a road atlas , the front cover of which bore a smiling insurance agent with perfectly coiffed brown hair .
tr	NN	The prep for the mission would take many months .
tr	NN	The circumstance reminded me too much of Hilario Miguel and I spoke instinctively .
tr	NNS	There were tales the clearing was haunted , but Caleb didn 't believe in such nonsense .
tr	NNS	After the double doors shut , the shouts and screams and crowd noise disappeared almost completely .
tr	NNS	There were simply too many beggars .
tr	NNS	' No worries , mate .
tr	NNS	Screams and yells echoed off the walls .
tr	NNS	His thumbs gently traced over my skin eliciting goose bumps all over my body .
tr	NN	The clear liquid reached the bottom of the throne and the fabric of the gown .
tr	NNS	Three silent figures stepped out from the shadows .
tr	NN	Chapter 14 Half an hour later , an overcast dawn found us partway up Red Lake , paddling steadily into the wind .
tr	NN	The unit saluted and answered , " This soldier has discovered the enemies ' fortifications and has a report . "
tr	NNS	Others screamed in their sleep , and some went on screaming after they woke up .
tr	NNS	In the silence that follows my question , the windshield wipers seemed almost obscenely loud .
tr	NN	" Our engagement really isn 't a story . "
tr	NN	A neighbor walked by with his dog on a leash .
tr	NN	Their sergeant had survived six .
tr	NN	The tortured roar bounced off the houses .
tr	NN	The deep baritone sent a wave of warmth pushing through her tummy and down to her toes .
tr	NN	Her curly black wig and black glasses wouldn 't fool people forever , no more than my disguise would .
tr	NN	" Aye , lass , ' t is Hugh .
tr	NN	Suddenly , her happy-go-lucky routine pales in comparison to her potential crimes .
tr	NNS	Curious mostly , but still threatening .
tr	NNS	Things could be worse .
tr	NNS	There were thirteen members of the hunting team .
tr	NNS	Flames crackled and sizzled .
tr	NNS	" Girls and women , " Damon reproved , holding up a finger facetiously .
tr	NNS	There were no aliens .
tr	NN	A great creak shuddered through the dark wood and the gates began to close , his warriors following their orders .
tr	NNS	Things could be tough in the mountains , where you were often a long way from anything that resembled a watchman .
tr	NNS	Things she wanted him to do to her .
tr	NN	The deadly delivery of Blake 's words chilled her .
tr	NN	This enclosure was much larger and had running lines to the other pools .
tr	NNS	Beneath his feet the currents of color in the pool began moving more excitedly .
tr	NNS	The hallways were already empty which meant I was late for English Literature .
tr	NNS	Things that came out during the darkest hours scared her .
tr	NNS	Curious , don 't you think ?
tr	NNS	" Well , the media does a good job of playing it up for ratings . "
tr	NNS	" We got it , " the twins said back to him .
tr	NN	" My vendetta , as you call it , was against your father .
tr	NNS	The hobbits were now wholly in the hands of Gollum .
tr	NN	At least it will be warm for you there , " the captain asserted .
tr	NN	Max 's tail went down and a growl came up .
tr	NNS	Soft footsteps approached , unhurried , calm .
tr	NNS	Others you have never heard of .
tr	NNS	Things were a little tense with Gary after that night and then a couple days later she started showing and was obviously pregnant .
tr	NN	Every rustling of leaves and moving tree branches above gave Genie the chills , goose bumps and stricken with ghostly fears like that of a child .
tr	NN	" My contract , " he said .
tr	NN	" Midday " his Uncle told him .
tr	NNS	Diggs followed me over , but I noticed that he was careful not to stand too close when I turned to face him .
tr	NNS	The stakes were higher , but the game was the same .
tr	NN	The patrons dispersed in full panic to avoid the violence and pushed passed the mercenaries who came to protect their paycheck .
tr	NN	The young Prince started to leave .
tr	NNS	Adonis as he folded his arms with a smug look on his face .
tr	NN	" Okay , the buck stops here . "
tr	NN	As for me , the disorientation returned , again messing with my sense of balance .
tr	NN	Where had the spunk gone from her voice ?
tr	NN	Its encompassing breadth and infinite depth made me reel with nausea and I teetered on its brink .
tr	NN	The cellar was large , neatly plastered .
tr	NNS	When the merchant white Europeans came , these same traders began to sell slaves to the visiting ships .
tr	NNS	His lightning strings attached to her body , paralyzing her .
tr	NN	The newcomer looked down at Vin , and his expression softened slightly .
tr	NNS	More foot patrols , with their dogs , roamed the woods .
tr	NN	But that poster of a happy family was missing one key element : a child .
tr	NNS	Reyes needed her to play the role of a woman bought at auction to sustain his mission .
tr	NN	How could his coven be in such a state ?
tr	NN	For some time no-one spoke .
tr	NN	Colette self-consciously sat and placed her hands in her lap .
tr	NNS	Two minions were hanging around Nicola ?
tr	NN	The Gen One civilian paused at the doors and lifted his hand in a gesture of permission .
tr	NN	We ' l talk more in the morning before you go back to the academy . "
tr	NN	On the TV screen in front of him , a remarkably realistic tank rolled down a barren hillside , gun blazing .
tr	NN	The bullet travelled through the various layers of clothing never finding any skin tissue .
tr	NN	And some drunken Casting .
tr	NN	An eight feet tall monstrosity ran around the side of the mountain and charged at them .
tr	NNS	The dwarves were at the top of Mount Chesney ready to launch dozens of boulders .
tr	NNS	No surprise surgical implants size E. And the frosting on the cake she was smothered maybe with a pillow .
tr	NNS	Two gang members that appeared to be looking for trouble eyed him with sleazy smiles .
tr	NN	The prickle traced up the back of my neck , releasing an overwhelming sense of pain .
tr	NN	" A salad is hardly anything to eat so how about a fat steak ? "
tr	NN	" Is this was insanity feels like ? "
tr	NN	The only option that seemed left was to leave a recorded message for her using their old secret slot .
tr	NNS	But the terrible cats jumped from the right and left onto the shoulders of her master and licked him with their sharp tongues on his face .
tr	NNS	Even colors were different .
tr	NNS	The twins scampered up the quickest , already bragging about who would have the most claws by nightfall .
tr	NNS	While you 're at it turn on the battery switches see if we can get a charge going on the house bank as well . "
tr	NN	Instead , almost every entry was for his latest flavor of the week model or actress .
tr	NN	" This garbage stinks . "
tr	NNS	Even the wolves knew enough not to kill things in the Vale .
tr	NNS	The whispers have turned into low murmurs , spreading across the room .
tr	NNS	There were ripples of color throughout the mysterious rock .
tr	NN	The icing on the cupcake would be knowing that Warren looks just like Rex , maybe even hotter .
tr	NNS	So the other mothers pretended I wasn 't there .
tr	NN	the troll bellowed as Puck gave her a cheeky wave .
tr	NNS	The pirates fired a single shot .
tr	NN	Her anonymity did not last long .
tr	NN	Our defense held them to a three and out .
tr	NN	My pulse started to speed up .
tr	NNS	Reapers veered towards the Guardians , using their slow speed against them .
tr	NN	The trailer lurched around a bend , and I went down on my knees .
tr	NN	the front passenger asked .
tr	NN	How is the old devil , eh ? "
tr	NNS	There were murmurs of agreement .
tr	NN	" The coin toss . "
tr	NNS	Based on the facts gathered , our sources summed up these specifications .
tr	NN	The conflict has ended .
tr	NNS	The tunnels had come to a tri fork .
tr	NNS	Images of the destroyed Chemistry classroom and the gift shop door hanging in her hand reared up again .
tr	NN	And Sunny 's email to her brother sure as hell hadn 't gotten through .
tr	NN	My clit tightened at his bold words .
tr	NN	Andrea 's current map of Colorado contained colorful lines that marked roads and highways , noting scenic views and tourist attractions .
tr	NN	The language was similarly unfamiliar .
tr	NNS	When she blinked again , purple spots still marred her sight .
tr	NNS	Guardians needed fresh blood from time to time to maintain their strength .
tr	NNS	Hands that had saved lives , cured epidemics , uncovered untold secrets of the human body .
tr	NNS	Looks like I have done just that .
tr	NN	The bacon double cheeseburgers , those trips to Cold Stone , or that Chinese buffet that we love .
tr	NNS	No unnecessary risks , I promise . "
tr	NNS	There were targets set up on the one side of the area .
tr	NN	A female sergeant sat at her side as Gwen answered questions .
tr	NN	Her h * ps swayed as she walked , and there was a smile of invitation on her lips as she approached .
tr	NNS	Screams exploded from my mouth as deep lava surged inside me .
tr	NNS	The winds are favorable .
tr	NNS	Thoughts were a jumbled knot .
tr	NN	The rectangle beeped and a blue light blinked .
tr	NNS	Her fans meant the world to her .
tr	NN	Let 's hope Skyla doesn 't have a weak spot for stoners with glasses .
tr	NNS	There were soft footsteps in the passageway and then something come in from the back yard .
tr	NN	Not that Ronan hadn " t tried .
tr	NN	A soft growl escaped his lips as he pressed hard into her and shivered .
tr	NN	Her little bum shifted in the chair .
tr	NNS	Her movements became slower .
tr	NN	Part of it was just the day 's excitement and being with her .
tr	NN	The shattered lamp was near her shoulder and blood from a deep gash on her head had dripped onto the carpet .
tr	NN	There was a dull thud , like when heavy cloth is dropped on a hard surface , and then a shimmer of light .
tr	NNS	Your husband hunting abilities will take quite a hit if you fall off your horse racing in the park ! "
tr	NN	My tie was uncomfortable around my neck and caused the collar of my shirt to rub my neck raw .
tr	NNS	The negotiations would be over in a few days .
tr	NN	The operator asked in a worried manner .
tr	NNS	Her instincts had been right about that .
tr	NNS	False images of people we loved .
tr	NNS	The colors complimented his hair and eyes .
tr	NNS	More bits of memory landed in Tiffany 's memory like red-hot rocks landing on a peaceful planet .
tr	NN	A shallow slash across Drake 's side .
tr	NN	My tether pointed to the right , but the Shades had formed a semicircle around us .
tr	NNS	" Things like this don 't happen there . "
tr	NNS	Words , songs , poems ... you 've triggered the flood . "
tr	NN	Wellington 's last major quake occurred in 1855 and was of the same magnitude as today 's tremor .
tr	NN	His loyalty goes to the highest bidder .
tr	NNS	Unreliable sources would extract too high a penalty . "
tr	NNS	Girls like Dara always wanted to talk about feelings and peek into a guy 's brain .
tr	NN	That pipe will take us to an air duct . "
tr	NNS	Maybe the werewolves had the upper hand .
tr	NNS	His attempts to lighten whatever the Council was doing to mess with us never invoked the response he hoped it would .
tr	NNS	The footsteps stop only a few feet from us .
tr	NN	" My friend Jo told me you saw the missing little boy and his mama in the woods behind the school . "
tr	NNS	To his right and his left , the skyscrapers of midtown crowded near him .
tr	NN	My initial instinct is to argue , but deep down I know she 's right .
tr	NN	The invisible noose around her neck tightened to the point that she felt like she could no longer breathe .
tr	NN	A muffled snort sounded from beneath the cloak , and Adele laughed .
tr	NNS	The forks rang , one after another .
tr	NN	Once out of the desert , the trio had hit the highway headed home .
tr	NN	The magic welling within me paused and then I dropped it altogether .
tr	NN	The trick isn 't to be perfect .
tr	NNS	Myles had called once and claimed his leg wasn 't even bothering him , but Vivian knew that couldn 't be true .
tr	NN	Lie , lie , lie .
tr	NNS	Others looked strangely thoughtful .
tr	NNS	There are the true forests , the green shadows , the deep mines .
tr	NN	The full-page ad in the Larkin Gazette caused quite a stir in the small town hidden from the world in the mountains of southwest Virginia .
tr	NN	The redhead licked her lips .
tr	NN	The concierge handed him a sheet of paper with a set of keys .
tr	NNS	I pulled off my glove and reached in , the edges of paper grazing my skin as I took it out .
tr	NNS	The skills that must have come from my father are empathy , combat , durability , super human senses , object generation and portal creation .
tr	NNS	Her defenses were up .
tr	NN	The leader of the group snarled and swung his silver cane .
tr	NN	Desperation to see if her dream became reality , or if she was going insane , ruled her .
tr	NNS	Several goblins went after her only to rethink their approach turning tail last minute .
tr	NNS	The taillights went out , and Tom and I both watched , waiting for the new girl to make her exit in this godforsaken weather .
tr	NN	Your reputation is everything .
tr	NN	I ' l see you tomorrow , okay ? "
tr	NN	Robert 's wife Melinda sighed .
tr	NNS	As it turned out , appearances were not deceiving at all .
tr	NNS	Maybe his footsteps in the hall were too familiar for her to block the knowledge from herself . "
tr	NNS	Her movements were agile as she quickly descended the hill until she was standing in front of them trying to catch her breath .
tr	NN	The small , jerky whirring of his eyewear intensified as he finished the final stitch .
tr	NNS	Things like that . "
tr	NN	The concept seemed to make sense , but it didn 't get us any closer to being healed .
tr	NNS	Cars sped by , and their bright headlights stung my eyes , making me squint .
tr	NNS	The twins wrinkled their noses , shared a glance .
tr	NN	" A pleasure to have met you , " the captain said , with another slight bow .
tr	NNS	Screams of " Happy birthday , Raine , " greeted us as we entered the dance floor .
tr	NNS	The petals filled the chalice , and the Goddess moved in my mind .
tr	NNS	Bottles followed Mr. Myers to the display .
tr	NNS	Hands clawed at the soldiers .
tr	NN	A woman stood calmly in the doorway , dressed plainly in homespun , undyed wool , a shawl over her head and a basket on an arm .
tr	NNS	His cheekbones were sharp and high , reminding me of a manga character .
tr	NN	The doorknob shook but did not open .
tr	NN	The stake clattered to the ground , the metallic ring echoing in the silence .
tr	NNS	The figures got back into the car .
tr	NNS	The whores crawled out of their holes like lizards .
tr	NNS	The images are jumbled , meaningless . "
tr	NNS	Her eyelids fluttered and small pleasant aftershocks rocked her .
tr	NNS	There were splashes of color in the paintings on the walls and the jewel-toned pillows stacked on the bed wide enough to qualify as a soccer field .
tr	NNS	Chess rolled his eyes with a reluctant smile .
tr	NNS	Others disappeared into the narrow mine opening carved into the mountain , hauling buckets hanging from poles balanced on their stooped shoulders .
tr	NN	The werewolf threw me down and prepared for the attack .
tr	NN	With the efficiency of a military garrison , the entire tribe had gathered everything and prepared for the long journey .
tr	NN	The family 's neighbor became my first Luna .
tr	NNS	Three drops of blood fell into the book .
tr	NNS	Dangerous Beans got closer to the rat and sniffed at her again .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared again .
tr	NN	Our agent , Grant , is good as I 've said , but even so I am a little surprised that he managed it .
tr	NN	My suitcase sits in front of me , taunting me .
tr	NNS	There were more footsteps , and Ethan appeared behind his mother , looking mortified .
tr	NN	The hunter tried to move closer but vines lunged from the ground and wrapped around his legs .
tr	NNS	" Our teachers are the best in the country , Mr. Kimball .
tr	NNS	Two diaper cakes , two diaper babies and two bottles of wine later , the three of us are feeling no pain at all .
tr	NNS	Looks like it ´ s going to rain .
tr	NNS	On the opposite side from the suits , the racks are almost bare , sparsely populated with my few clothes , which Mrs. Daniels has unpacked .
tr	NNS	" The mines , for one , " he answered .
tr	NN	The sweet fragrance of the blooms filled Nicole 's nose as she searched for a card .
tr	NN	A tapping rang along the corridor outside .
tr	NNS	My quarters are down the far end of the North Wing -- or the ' forsaken corner ' as I more fondly think of it .
tr	NN	" We looked you up in the directory over at the filling station , " Chance said easily .
tr	NNS	And the three sentences so far indicated Jake was drunk and angry .
tr	NNS	There are millions of unsolved cases out there .
tr	NN	My appetite kept my mouth too full to talk .
tr	NN	But then the sanity would return , her instinctive courage .
tr	NN	His hail of lead ripped into the truck driver , passing through and glancing off Hyperion 's stone body harmlessly .
tr	NNS	Who are these warriors and what is it they do ? "
tr	NNS	Soldiers became demoralized and fatigued after 15 years of war .
tr	NN	The audience looked bewildered and the atmosphere became tense with a concerned hum of noise coming form the crowd .
tr	NNS	To Robby , though , these creatures were barely human , and they were behaving most strangely .
tr	NNS	Lots of people do . "
tr	NN	His instinct could not possibly mislead him in this respect .
tr	NN	The Buy It Now icon flashed across her screen , the signal that the seller was ready to end the bidding at a certain set price .
tr	NN	There on the screen was a photograph of the most beautiful boy I had ever seen in my life .
tr	NN	This totem , however weird , is Ojibwe .
tr	NNS	At least four levels , though Ryder was betting more levels waited downstairs , far below his own prison .
tr	NN	The gas would fill the room for only ten minutes before harmlessly venting outside .
tr	NN	On the other sat a shoe repair store that I secretly suspected was the front for a thriving fake ID business .
tr	NNS	The emptiness was there .
tr	NNS	My worries from earlier suddenly bloomed again .
tr	NN	My h * ps lift into his and the friction hits me just right .
tr	NNS	The night-time 's fears were losing their grip on Glen , and he felt normal again -- -- granted only what was normal for him .
tr	NNS	There are no signs at all . '
tr	NNS	The spotlights threw swaths of red and purple on his hair .
tr	NN	The wooden monstrosity charged equally hard .
tr	NN	" There is no lower carriage damage .
tr	NNS	Horus spotted their camp in the distance .
tr	NN	Her agitation grew with every empty stall .
tr	NNS	And like that , my flirting instincts kicked back in .
tr	NNS	What were the chances that Butch had been able to trade out the real body so fast ?
tr	NNS	The figures dived off the road .
tr	NN	The marina was hers , the base on which she had rebuilt the ruins of her life .
tr	NN	The blood streaming down from the crater in his face was now black with grime and his hair was gray with dust .
tr	NN	" The consensus is that 's exactly what they will do . "
tr	NN	A little pit stop on her way to making tea .
tr	NNS	The edges were ragged , as if acid had eaten at them , though the tip was sharp .
tr	NN	Nausea hit me and my stomach clenched .
tr	NNS	My companions will be arriving shortly ; they have gone to meet the Berger .
tr	NNS	Her sandals rang out loudly on the pavement , so she angled up onto her toes , trying to soften her footsteps .
tr	NN	Nausea rose , leaving a vile taste in my mouth .
tr	NNS	The doorways that lined the halls that held the classrooms were steel and red .
tr	NN	The fair-haired fellow interrupted .
tr	NNS	Things that would alter our appearance just enough to keep anyone from immediately recognizing us .
tr	NNS	Medical tests were coming in at a furious pace .
tr	NNS	" The cameras showed you guys more than once .
tr	NNS	There were no runes or traps , so I stepped inside the restaurant and locked the front door behind me .
tr	NNS	Others entered behind them .
tr	NN	" Who is your master ? "
tr	NN	There 's a legend about a werewolf who could control his changing with this herb .
tr	NNS	Others never knew the comfort of a hug .
tr	NNS	Others had gone before , and others would surely follow .
tr	NNS	" You ladies enjoy the set ? "
tr	NNS	All the trials and ordeals we 'd experienced had led to this moment , this perfect moment .
tr	NNS	The big white flakes fell steadily from the dark sky .
tr	NNS	What 's our chances of robbing those two and actually getting away with it ? "
tr	NNS	Muscles bulged where I had no idea muscles should be .
tr	NNS	Soldiers would help and reform our corrupt political system .
tr	NN	" The gas master is in full force mode . "
tr	NNS	The eyelids are not quite as large .
tr	NN	Ok , maybe a bit more neatly than they used to be .
tr	NN	A pulse of cold wind seemed to flow out from the broken stone , raising dust and smearing fresh blood into new streaks .
tr	NN	And the snake flinched !
tr	NN	Groom 's ingrained loyalty had led him to lie about Lane 's hotel and probably about the timing of the planned attack , too .
tr	NN	His partner had narrowed his eyes at his brother , but he was still smiling slightly , like they were about to play a game he enjoyed .
tr	NNS	Words started tumbling out of my mouth , tripping over each other .
tr	NNS	The committee members quieted down and looked to Senator Lewis to answer .
tr	NNS	The park gates are closed , so we 'll go into the tunnels using the cargo elevators .
tr	NNS	The prints were murky and thickly layered .
tr	NNS	" Things like this . "
tr	NN	A pale model , but maybe it was the precarious trek across the gravel that had shaken her , Amber thought .
tr	NNS	Three pairs of eyes turned again to the artist .
tr	NN	" My grandmother has an interesting theory on that subject .
tr	NNS	As the rain grew heavier , the pupils began to gasp and muttered worriedly how they could go home .
tr	NNS	And the rats nibbled at the wrappings , and the men twitched and jerked in their sleep .
tr	NN	The werewolf let out a loud , terrifying growl and leapt into the air , heading right for us .
tr	NN	The farther you got from the windows , the less flashy and more mundane everything looked .
tr	NNS	The other dancers sat around us , some fixing their costumes while others put on makeup instead of getting ready in the dressing room right next door .
tr	NN	The dent under the blade continued to sink and sink until the blade suddenly broke through and kept going .
tr	NN	This photograph was also different , because here , Hart was laughing .
tr	NN	The black soil near the Nile River was rich and perfect for the many crops farmers needed to grow and harvest .
tr	NN	Standing before the altar , the Black Dwarf faced the pentagram , and twirled his staff three times .
tr	NNS	" There are priorities here .
tr	NNS	Metal rims sparked against the hot pavement as rubber tread flew off in molten chunks .
tr	NN	As I looked , the pointed tip of another dart emerged through the hole .
tr	NN	Yet a monstrosity did drag that poor boy away !
tr	NN	The lack of political movement on the town 's single main issue was no more the Mayor 's fault than anyone else 's , considered Toby .
tr	NN	" Oh , well , an old neighbor from where we use to live told me you had moved east .
tr	NN	His mount screamed his fury and galloped towards the source of the other unicorn 's grievous outcry .
tr	NNS	In the gloom , passing patrols had missed me as I dashed to safety .
tr	NNS	Moses did not bother to say the obvious .
tr	NNS	The benevolent hills stretched gently on either side of the stands .
tr	NNS	Huge rollers ripped themselves to silvery ribbons on its perimeter .
tr	NNS	There were many levels , each used for a specific purpose .
tr	NNS	There 's squeals of laughter outside the hole in the wall as the kids scatter .
tr	NNS	" Besides , warrants are for cops . "
tr	NN	Furthermore , to all protestors : justice is swift upon those who defy the peace of France . ' "
tr	NN	Her plaque read Mrs. Parcels .
tr	NNS	Reyes seemed to think so , for he couldn 't keep his hands off the woman Aeron was desperate to destroy .
tr	NN	The third goon was all smiles .
tr	NNS	Two young male pack members stood there , obviously eavesdropping .
tr	NNS	The governments of most countries subsidized private industry to distribute and maintain the units for everyone at minimal cost .
tr	NNS	The nurses usually worked in pairs , as it was easier when there so much lifting involved .
tr	NN	The bard knocked the man 's sword up and away and lashed out with his foot , grinding his heel into the open wound .
tr	NN	The cove was accessible through a single channel that stretched into the open ocean like the neck to a bottle of vintage wine .
tr	NNS	But paper documents were the only remnants of a time long past , before everything had been converted into the digital archives of the verse .
tr	NN	" Now you owe me a beer , " the student laughed .
tr	NNS	Other smells were much more perceptible .
tr	NN	The next injection would be the vaccine , which would be direct for them , no messing with spheres for that .
tr	NN	" Well , at least there 's a slight payoff . "
tr	NNS	Her eyelids fluttered down as his fangs scraped lightly over her skin .
tr	NNS	At the first aisle of cars , footsteps echoed behind us .
tr	NN	The food booth is also the only one large enough to be staffed by two employees .
tr	NNS	Beneath the ground the tunnels remained cool but not damp as they had been during the rains .
tr	NN	" The fulfillment of your promise . "
tr	NNS	A mattress covered in white sheets rested on an odd wooden frame .
tr	NNS	Slowly , the areas open to it began to close off .
tr	NNS	Bugs was on point as well , and performed at his customary high level of skill , garnering laughter with almost every line .
tr	NNS	" There are numerous outdoor activities within a short distance that would cost little or nothing .
tr	NN	Raymond 's parting sentiment was heartfelt .
tr	NN	His uncle Senator Maxwell Hammond ? "
tr	NNS	Muscles stretched taut as they pulled a metal plough share , hooves sinking in thick mud .
tr	NNS	" My apologies , " he murmured , slanting a look at Claire .
tr	NNS	The ladies were still looking at him as though expecting him to speak again .
tr	NN	The commando outside studied the river .
tr	NNS	' As far I can tell , there are three possibilities .
tr	NN	Your accent sounds of it . "
tr	NNS	The images were almost Biblical , difficult to believe , and at first I didn 't take it too seriously .
tr	NNS	My grandparents lost everything trying to help me achieve my dream of getting Frost Industries off the ground .
tr	NN	In most of us , the balance is so small , that when we shed our darkness on moving to the light , our darkness evaporates .
tr	NN	Where are the ' medical supplies ' ? "
tr	NNS	The tightness in her chest abated only slightly when she couldn 't find Cain 's face among the revelers .
tr	NN	Or is my implication entirely your own idea ? "
tr	NN	There is a white cottage behind me , and I know it is my home , where I live alone .
tr	NNS	Five pairs of eyes instinctively flicked to the window .
tr	NN	There were a few chuckles .
tr	NN	Yer south of Lancaster , did ye notice a stench in your drinking supply ? "
tr	NNS	The only real splashes of color in the ballroom were the people who 'd answered Madeline 's summons .
tr	NN	Scouring the glen , the mighty black tyrant snorted and snarled and flapped its wings as if ready to take to the air .
tr	NN	Drugs couldn , t make us manifest .
tr	NNS	" Your Highness , " she replied once she had her amusement under control .
tr	NN	This tour just aids them in finding a purpose inside this facility .
tr	NN	I flew off , sailing over the horse 's head landing face down in the thick mud .
tr	NN	Jax skimmed his teeth over her shoulder , licked his way down her spine , bit a trail along her ass until she was squirming .
tr	NN	The racket was coming from a dimly lit hallway just outside the room where she was being held captive .
tr	NN	The eel dove underwater and left .
tr	NNS	What 's a few apples to them ? "
tr	NNS	Cassie simply stared hard at her for a moment , her stomach rolling and heaving , her extremities felt like ice .
tr	NNS	My eyelids twitch open .
tr	NN	The laptop was waiting for me in the dining room and I slid into the chair at the head of the table .
tr	NNS	The emptiness was disconcerting .
tr	NN	The race was over in a few short seconds , and I beat him by a car length .
tr	NN	" I don 't know , " said the genius , the mighty powerful swamp witch .
tr	NNS	Cars plough into one another , flipping up into the air and crashing back down .
tr	NNS	Did the colors represent the peace she longed for but couldn 't quite achieve ?
tr	NNS	Some summers she could pretend nothing was wrong , but I still felt the heat of her disappointment when she thought I wasn 't paying attention .
tr	NNS	My bet is , ten years from now , hard core sunscreen users will be getting a different form of cancer . "
tr	NNS	" The generations are matrilineal .
tr	NNS	One by one the animal creatures they 'd met earlier made their way in after him .
tr	NN	The dream sequence shifted fluidly around him .
tr	NNS	" Things that might be hurtful to someone if said in anger , but you say them in an affectionate or in a playful way .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , the tight confines offered her no opportunity to use her legs , each of which was encased separately .
tr	NN	If you join up , from this point , your loyalty will be to this cause only .
tr	NN	The bald-headed elf rose to his feet , then entered the city through the Outland Gate .
tr	NN	Her cushion was there as well , left by the novices to soften the hard bench .
tr	NN	" But your accent sucks , Williams . "
tr	NNS	Her rows of perfectly white teeth and her sultry figure made her more appropriate for a movie set than an office .
tr	NN	The lack of pressure was pure , distilled bliss .
tr	NNS	The nearer huts are 7,000 years old and your hut is 3,000 years old .
tr	NN	The bench 's cold metallic mesh offered distance and security .
tr	NNS	No worries , " he laughed , while wiping a bit of apple off his cheek .
tr	NNS	" Things tend to go bad right after you set foot on castle grounds or just after you enter a building .
tr	NNS	Things came in huge boxes and volume was measured in pints , not ounces .
tr	NNS	Things could always be worse .
tr	NN	The pretty brunette flashed a tentative smile and moved to fill their bowls with soup .
tr	NN	Final y , Saber opened his enormous mouth to take hold of the end of the roast , tail twirling like a helicopter blade .
tr	NN	Charlotte 's teapot lamp flickered and spit .
tr	NNS	Flames spurted from his hip as he pulled the horn from his body .
tr	NN	The priest is our next entertainment , and I want you to enjoy the show . "
tr	NN	My bullet go in the right side , straight through to the heart .
tr	NN	A thrill of anticipation went through her at the thought .
tr	NN	One huge player wasn 't so lucky when she ran into Lowes .
tr	NN	The muffled thud reached her ears even underwater .
tr	NN	" Yes Sir , very good Sir , " the sergeant said as he saluted then trotted off to get some help .
tr	NNS	Our prayers have gone out to you and your family .
tr	NNS	" His creatures were ravenous and often escaped his commands .
tr	NNS	Screams surround me , not my own .
tr	NNS	Between fall and spring equinoxes temperatures can suddenly drop , fortifying the wind to drive numbing cold to the marrow of warm-blooded creatures ' bones .
tr	NN	" Her charm bracelet ? "
tr	NNS	Others were ground views .
tr	NN	Thinking about it just made him feel less worthy of a woman like Maddie .
tr	NNS	Names were his stock in trade ; if he had hers , he could claim her at any time .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of Olivia push me to untangle myself from her grip , but Robin 's body pressed against mine feels oddly natural .
tr	NNS	Now if your work wins third place , the members of the group will get additional seven points in the fourth quarter exam . "
tr	NNS	Cassius pulled the horse to a stop .
tr	NNS	Those ghosts are a scary bunch . "
tr	NNS	Those damned motorcycles persevered , weaving up and down the back roads .
tr	NNS	Because I wanted to line them up and shoot on everyone , classmates , friends and teachers , as if we were a firing squad .
tr	NN	Here 's the ploy , using a mom with one cart and two kids , ' way back in line .
tr	NNS	All the servants are either running up and down the back staircase in service or in the kitchen , enjoying their own Christmas feast . "
tr	NNS	There , sitting neatly on a tray , were five hot chocolates topped with marshmallows .
tr	NN	" Come for me , sweetheart , " he coaxed .
tr	NNS	Hendricks answered , as she 'd expected him to . "
tr	NN	But that little bitch had to tell her father .
tr	NNS	Our new quarters was an old house that had seen better days .
tr	NN	The reflection and study of most guys stayed and lingered on me .
tr	NNS	His eyelids fluttered and he stared at her with pleading eyes .
tr	NN	Maybe quitting basketball is giving into my grief , rather than fighting it . "
tr	NN	The illusion of a solid atom only comes because that nucleus is vibrating so fast the whole atom appears solid .
tr	NNS	The only items she purchased were a new bikini and sandals .
tr	NN	The teacher stopped speaking briefly , and all attention was drawn to it as if the whole world had taken a break to listen .
tr	NNS	The technicians had been hard at work rigging extra cameras .
tr	NNS	Her sobs were too great , and she was choking on her own tears .
tr	NNS	Many paintings were reflections of prayers helping people overcoming sorrow and pain .
tr	NNS	Wood floors , walls the color of fog and a narrow table boasting a cobalt vase stuffed with roses and hydrangeas greeted her .
tr	NN	The spectrum began with brown ; the outer being , the state of being alive in the world .
tr	NN	She couldn 't help but admire the spread of his shoulders , his flat belly ridged with muscle earned from long hours of battle practice .
tr	NN	A tourist does not want to be weighed down by realities , unless the realities are presented as monumental stories .
tr	NNS	The stalls were secure .
tr	NNS	She was silent for a time more , and said , " Do these pirates always attack so far out at sea ?
tr	NNS	What if those other dimensions had simple names like Ambition or Desire or Purity ?
tr	NN	But an untested mind pattern created for my ability ?
tr	NN	After a few days that had felt like a lifetime , her great gamble had ended in failure in the blink of an eye .
tr	NN	There " s an archway here .
tr	NN	That chick is weird .
tr	NNS	After the fever breaks , the symptoms go away almost as quickly as they started .
tr	NNS	Alphas usually bugged Deni , because they could be arrogant shits , but only concern and protection flowed from Jace .
tr	NNS	Out here , there were occasional dirt roads and the odd mailbox , but mostly it was uninhabited .
tr	NNS	" The burns will probably take weeks to heal !
tr	NN	" Your knight is here to save his damsel .
tr	NN	His snort told me I hadn 't been successful .
tr	NNS	Shouts and jeers went up from both sides , as the tide tipped in Marcus ' favor then quickly turned back .
tr	NNS	Sometimes our efforts add up in ways we don 't expect .
tr	NN	The skin there was smooth and unblemished , a perfect swath of skin stretched over the muscles and veins of her throat .
tr	NNS	" There 's tea downstairs if you want any ? "
tr	NNS	" Two tequila shots please . "
tr	NNS	The images in my mind were black-and-white and blurry , but I felt it in my bones .
tr	NN	The raft rocked as the other also found it .
tr	NN	Even my lab partner is in there .
tr	NN	A low throaty growl lifted Scott 's gaze to the door and he saw a silver coyote framed in the doorway .
tr	NNS	" Things , " it was such a weak word .
tr	NN	No doubt their solicitor will let him know in due course .
tr	NNS	" Things happened quickly , giving us little time to phone the problem in . "
tr	NN	" And weakness will kill you faster than any enemy possibly could . "
tr	NN	My astonishment about my new employer faded as I concentrated on the task at hand .
tr	NN	" With a Japanese vegetable knife ! "
tr	NN	Where 's the troublemaker ? "
tr	NN	A tapestry of vibrant autumn painted around them over the gently curving land which reaches out , crawling toward the Appalachian Mountains southeast in Kentucky .
tr	NN	The stench of it was thick .
tr	NNS	At a movement of their chief , defenders and shelters become invisible .
tr	NNS	The forearms where large and cylinder in shape with what looked to be a series of hatches running around them .
tr	NN	At last the van pulled into a snowy , winding driveway to the lodge .
tr	NNS	" Those interviews are the Daniel Redding show .
tr	NNS	" Officials here are trying to solve this mystery , but there are more questions than answers at this point .
tr	NNS	But the joining scenes affected her the most .
tr	NNS	The other members stared at him aghast .
tr	NN	The chaos of over two thousand worshippers became a chorus orchestrated by someone other than the people themselves .
tr	NN	Child , all of you were cheated in some way .
tr	NNS	Words like " terrifying " and " gorgeous " were thrown around , along with talk of all the other executive assistants that quit unexpectedly that year .
tr	NNS	The roads were empty and we had already long left the main drag when the road started to narrow .
tr	NN	" Our commander was saving your life . "
tr	NN	Before them were all sorts of targets , for throwing spears , firing arrows , hurling rocks , and piles of straw for slashing swords .
tr	NNS	Twelve battle-hardened warriors against eight mismatched adventurers are not good odds , but that was not what brought them to a standstill .
tr	NNS	" The wolves are at my door and you want me to go back ? "
tr	NN	The raft turned quickly downstream and disappeared around the next bend .
tr	NNS	Even the diehard baseball fans among her colleagues remarked about how hard he was pushing .
tr	NN	Did the bastard buy it ?
tr	NNS	Chills rolled down her spine in a palpable wave .
tr	NN	The lightning struck a short stone 's throw away , blasting wombats into the air .
tr	NNS	" Even the deaths of horrible people are sad . "
tr	NN	There were two priest receiving confessions .
tr	NNS	There were three strips on his sleeve .
tr	NN	Maybe , if this came crashing down somehow , his past intervention would still have saved these lives .
tr	NN	The one wrestler missing was Joey .
tr	NN	Quinlan 's pen scratched quickly across the page , the only sound in the thick silence .
tr	NN	Love conquers all , but only up to a point .
tr	NNS	" Come , " the duchess said .
tr	NN	The goat , it seemed to Rick , was beautiful .
tr	NNS	There were two warriors standing outside my cham .
tr	NN	One knight tried to pull the hood off and the stranger quickly plunged his blade in the knight 's neck .
tr	NN	Maybe the bullet was still inside ?
tr	NNS	Several pairs of eyes watched the move .
tr	NN	A pulse of warmth surged through me and he pressed me tightly against him to keep me from falling .
tr	NN	" The opera , " she said .
tr	NNS	The colors are fabulous , and the flooring is perfect . "
tr	NNS	Unless they were zombies and smashed themselves trying to get out , how did the zombies get in to get them ? "
tr	NN	The slutty clothing became less revealing and more defensive .
tr	NNS	Three figures wavered up and down nearby , blocking the way towards the out station .
tr	NNS	The red drapes smiled back encouragement .
tr	NN	" What 's the sub doing ? "
tr	NNS	Paintings and portraits hung on the walls , their gilded frames gleaming in the sunlight pouring in through the floor to ceiling windows .
tr	NNS	Tony 's pupils flared .
tr	NN	The one surgery was bad enough . "
tr	NNS	Its unassuming bars across the windows and reinforced steel door weren 't out of touch with the surrounding real estate .
tr	NNS	The gangs had streamed out of Portland and laid waste to the surrounding area .
tr	NN	The same poker chips we 'd always played with .
tr	NN	Down the street , the market was busy and colorful with stalls selling all manner of things .
tr	NNS	Fast footsteps echoed down the hallway outside the hangar .
tr	NN	A bagel the baby suddenly seemed determined to kick repeatedly .
tr	NN	The schedule wasn 't quite right . "
tr	NNS	Bumble bees began buzzing around the garden , happily flying past the man and faerie , dancing from one flower to the next .
tr	NN	The harsh , thick wool felt scratchy beneath her nak * d back , the sheets smooth and cool .
tr	NN	Still , the leader looked ready to test him , until they locked gazes .
tr	NNS	Slow currents , drifting sediments .
tr	NN	His pulse beat beneath the iridescent band , strong and steady .
tr	NNS	His ministrations were clumsy and reckless .
tr	NN	The gleam in his eyes burned hot and red , and his breath whistled from behind his teeth and fangs .
tr	NNS	His cousins would be there anytime to help him .
tr	NNS	Their brown leather uniforms complemented the rustic tartan perfectly , looking as though they had been designed in unison .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared as he looked away and mumbled , " A shower . "
tr	NN	Every inch of the house was beautiful .
tr	NN	A veil fell over Otto 's face .
tr	NNS	His jaws flitted under his skin .
tr	NN	Riddick , head shaved clean and stripped to his birthday suit , stood next to her , watching the water stream onto the tiled floor .
tr	NNS	" He gave him , I mean , sold him the drugs .
tr	NNS	The water fountains that danced to blasting music in front of the Bellagio were fantastic to watch .
tr	NN	Indigo 's tenant , remember ? '
tr	NN	Thomas ' hunger hit him like an anvil walking into the utopia of scents .
tr	NN	Actually , my uncle and his family are Mormons ( members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints ) and they are really good people .
tr	NN	" He believes it , " he said to the others , " the idiot believes it . "
tr	NN	A sob broke free from Clary 's chest .
tr	NN	Love found himself looking at her face intently , glanced at Stuart , and cleared his throat .
tr	NN	A sickly sweet stench replaced the metallic .
tr	NN	The sheriff leaned on his police car .
tr	NNS	The cabinets creaked as Brooke went through them , trying to find anything useful .
tr	NNS	The gentle movements were enough to arouse Heather , who asked for a stick to bite on .
tr	NN	" And vice versa . "
tr	NNS	Things aren 't ... they 're not safe yet .
tr	NNS	Others approached with a stool , and she sat , waiting as the women cleaned her face and arms with a pleasantly warm cloth .
tr	NNS	His kisses rained down on the skin of her neck and she gripped his shoulders , scratching into the leather of his jacket .
tr	NNS	The ripples of his behavior hit more people than he could understand .
tr	NN	The stylist will be here in an hour . "
tr	NN	The shield of energy held , though barely .
tr	NNS	" Questions , " Tabitha said .
tr	NN	" How far is the approval of the invasion ? "
tr	NNS	Screams of a man being shredded to bone .
tr	NNS	As quick as lighting three more tentacles flew from the water grabbing Lizzie .
tr	NNS	Sirens wailed in the distance .
tr	NNS	" The next day , rumours started to crop up . "
tr	NN	Jock 's prodigious range of talents had long ago left my own ego in tatters so I felt a kinship in this regard these musicians .
tr	NNS	Her new blades felt like extensions of her own body as she and Alena spun around each other like graceful dancers .
tr	NNS	Though barred from much expansion inland , the settlers had been creeping steadily out along the coast eastward from Capetown .
tr	NNS	Your promises will not be enough to keep me this time . "
tr	NN	" So an escort is the key . "
tr	NN	Simple for about four seconds , and then the heat started again .
tr	NN	There were plans brewing inside him , and Pussy knew they weren 't good plans .
tr	NNS	The creative juices were building up in his soul , stirred partly by his carefully concealed contempt for the architecture of the Franklin " villa . "
tr	NNS	The footsteps charged at me from the doorway .
tr	NNS	" What are its dimensions ? "
tr	NN	The term encompassed a wide range depending on time and place , and was pretty loose .
tr	NN	Not long ago , this proclamation would 've sent me into protests and fits of revulsion .
tr	NN	The slightly longer and aesthetically pleasing route afforded the added advantage of coming up against less traffic .
tr	NN	the Ancient said , its voice raspy and chilling , to say the least .
tr	NN	The command of a Priestess was the voice of the Unheard Whisper itself .
tr	NNS	The bud had just started to blossom , its petals slightly revealed at the sides .
tr	NNS	Words crowded in her throat .
tr	NNS	Odysseus didn 't really know why .
tr	NNS	Were there limits to my strength and what were they ?
tr	NNS	Though I loved a good steak , her vegetable preparations were delicious and I rarely pined for red meat .
tr	NNS	When she opened the refrigerator to put the leftovers away , the contents shocked her ; they hardly had food .
tr	NN	Jazz barked out a painful laugh and shoved sweaty hair back from her face .
tr	NN	" The surgeon said they opened Candy up and he was a terrible mess inside .
tr	NNS	Looks like I found Ruth 's library .
tr	NN	There 's an even more modern theory of gravity called string theory .
tr	NN	He continued to approach me , continued his slow glide over the street tarmac .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared as she neared ; his gaze narrowed .
tr	NN	However , her overall condition is deteriorating more rapidly than I expected .
tr	NNS	But sometimes Plans do not happen the way you plan them .
tr	NNS	Samuels at this point ran the knife down Annie 's cheek , and she closed her eyes , trying desperately to think .
tr	NNS	" Things will be in motion soon , particularly once we get you back to your own lands . "
tr	NN	Every morning her tribe gathered to play and to converse about their visions .
tr	NNS	Thoughts jostled into place ; years , months , days , until she began to slide down an unmarked crevasse .
tr	NNS	Hands flew up all over the auditorium .
tr	NNS	And , if so , the nuns could refute the existence of Heaven . '
tr	NNS	Looks intelligent enough . "
tr	NNS	Generally speaking , hotel clerks from small heartland cities weren 't ACLU activists .
tr	NNS	All the nurses adored him and his class mates all looked to him for inspiration and a sense of leadership .
tr	NN	The staff sergeant from the jeep that had hit the wire had produced his own carbine from somewhere , and was standing to Hornsby 's left .
tr	NN	The Sphinx did lurk on the borders of the kingdom .
tr	NNS	How many times had my ancestors escaped just in the nick of time ?
tr	NNS	Despite his deepest , most courtly bows , at best he could elicit only one word answers to his questions .
tr	NNS	Several letters in the neon sign had burned out .
tr	NNS	At that point , I trust , your selfless instincts will take over and you will tell me exactly what I need to know . "
tr	NNS	The media hasn 't heard that yet .
tr	NNS	Your legends paint you differently , " Daemon said softly , his voice thick with malevolence .
tr	NNS	A few twists of a knife blade , and I made again for the quarries , to dig more honest stone .
tr	NN	After all , earthquake damage in Oklahoma is pretty much nonexistent . "
tr	NNS	Team captains are the judges .
tr	NN	" Yes sir , " said the dwarf , looking up .
tr	NNS	His movements grew gentle , almost sipping at her and finally he swiped his tongue over her vein .
tr	NN	And the fluffy rug is so soft . "
tr	NNS	Simple activities like walking home or opening a door become monumental feats of heroic endeavor .
tr	NNS	Did the rats want his dad to teach chemistry ?
tr	NNS	Then there were footsteps .
tr	NN	And then , two weeks later , a secretary at a legal firm killed six people there .
tr	NNS	As a rule , werewolves weren 't up for being vamp prey .
tr	NNS	Looks like there 's a little space left in the cart . "
tr	NN	Suddenly free , Dak 's elation didn 't last more than a half second .
tr	NNS	The footsteps approaching the door , the door shuddering as something slammed into it .
tr	NN	The groin injury left the man impotent .
tr	NN	There was a grand festival to mark the consecration of the temple and the entire village was invited and feasted for three days .
tr	NNS	In my current state of dreamy panic , boobs came as an odd surprise .
tr	NNS	Your prayers are the gifts of the future generations .
tr	NNS	Perhaps the garbage bins would be better .
tr	NN	" So where is your proof ? "
tr	NN	The red liquid remained on his hand but ceased to impress .
tr	NN	The honesty of the realization gave him a twinge of momentary discomfort .
tr	NNS	This species still had no idea of why it was here , only realizing that in many ways it was becoming unique .
tr	NN	But if we let it continue , the damage will multiply over time - eventually , it could kill entire universes , squeezing them out .
tr	NN	Tension and fear wore her down .
tr	NNS	Our schedules were so different that I felt like I had barely seen her since we had moved .
tr	NN	The Sphinx gave him a stony look , and then showed its fangs .
tr	NN	Maybe the dragon had driven all the self-serve customers away .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids fluttered closed and she let herself believe ... " Princess ... " She jerked back , fantasy gone , reality returning in full force .
tr	NN	If I try , your granddaughter will most likely die from the attempt . "
tr	NNS	Light technicians milled about , checking meter readings , holding tiny instruments in their hands like transistor radios .
tr	NNS	Things were good , he was far away , and I could finally relax .
tr	NNS	Some members of the swim team and band even stopped me and asked how I was doing .
tr	NNS	Once more Reyes had to repress his amusement , but he loved that she 'd lightened the mood yet again .
tr	NNS	Apparently , wolves are pretty excited during a claiming and they don 't have the wherewithal to do it in multiple positions the first time . "
tr	NNS	Her cousins thought she could have anything she wanted , so they never bothered .
tr	NNS	Both boxers got closer with their guard up , but Tania tried to keep her distance from her opponent .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of blood and bonding were dangerous things .
tr	NNS	" Others call it a war cry . "
tr	NNS	His footsteps dogged hers .
tr	NN	A tiny white kitten stared up at me with beautiful blue eyes .
tr	NN	A rap of knuckles sounded on the door .
tr	NNS	Looks like I can still flirt at least .
tr	NN	There is more rustling behind me .
tr	NNS	Arthur grabbed his ventriloquist dummy and flew onto the stage , jaws stuck tight .
tr	NNS	Already the creatures were desperately struggling to free themselves from the impediment and he was sure they would likely manage it before long .
tr	NNS	The programs are out of sync , and the signals are all screwed up .
tr	NN	" An explanation will not be good enough .
tr	NNS	Words were hard for Sean , so dancing had always been his means of expression , from the time he 'd become free to dance .
tr	NN	What idiot would do this to himself intentionally ?
tr	NNS	Within seconds , thousands of images popped up on the screen .
tr	NNS	" And my headaches are worse every day .
tr	NN	He turned and walked back into the shop , the floor so bustling with activity his arrival was barely noticed .
tr	NN	The magic carpet lifted for a moment , ready to take flight , then floated back down .
tr	NN	Her sneering giggle sliced the darkness between Tess and them .
tr	NN	Now the fellow was trying to dig the silver out , with his claws .
tr	NNS	For a few moments Colin does not remember , only wonders at the image , only wonders where she is that her image is so everywhere .
tr	NNS	" There are six pigs , ten chickens and two cows . "
tr	NN	There was a sudden glint of wickedness in his purple eyes .
tr	NN	A few other patrons sat alone on bar stools , or in couples in other dark , recessed booths .
tr	NNS	A second later , several black clad figures emerged from the shadows on either side of us .
tr	NNS	Sometimes , if the girl could accept what she was seeing , the images could change a life .
tr	NN	The hatch was open .
tr	NN	" Maybe you should see a doctor as well , " said the chef , no doubt having noticed my wounds .
tr	NN	But a guy 's got ta look his best , no matter the occasion . "
tr	NNS	A few scraps of memory and words that I had chosen made it believable .
tr	NN	The giant spider dropped from the tree , hitting the ground on six of its eight legs .
tr	NN	An eerie gold radiance still flowed from his eyes and the tip of his wand .
tr	NNS	The images changed as he spoke , but I was deep in thought .
tr	NNS	Two flares blazed across the room .
tr	NNS	Angelus spoke the final word of the Cast and opened his eyes in time to watch Xavier 's hair fall out in tufts .
tr	NN	" Oh , I am Minnow , " the dragon said .
tr	NN	The poverty here is huge .
tr	NN	The captain threw something toward him , which Lucas instinctively reached out and caught .
tr	NNS	Her temples didn 't ache from the effort .
tr	NN	Her daily routine was a series of chores , and that was enough to wear anyone down .
tr	NNS	The tiny figures grouped together and moved north , away from the road .
tr	NNS	The creatures are moving from the cities into the country areas in search of more secluded feeding grounds . "
tr	NN	The duel elicited cries of shock from the women and an appreciative nod from Joseph .
tr	NNS	At that time the gates will be open , but make sure you come to this very spot .
tr	NNS	Indeed , bikes were the only mode of transportation .
tr	NNS	Are the elves preparing to fight ?
tr	NNS	His skills were pretty minor , but she believed it was good to have a backup .
tr	NNS	All symptoms of one very specific vampire .
tr	NNS	One narrow , searing probe into the horse 's mind would finish it .
tr	NNS	The pained expressions on the actors ' faces , even when nothing actually painful is happening to their characters , are terrific .
tr	NN	Love called it skilful .
tr	NNS	" Two pairs of eyes are better than one . "
tr	NN	" Come in , " the sage called out .
tr	NNS	The bright colors were running blood black , the wedding shattering into violence .
tr	NNS	Both the fairies flinched , horror on their faces .
tr	NN	" This icon here , " Ben said , pulling the soldiers ' gaze , " takes me into the mainframe root menu .
tr	NNS	Looks like I was right . "
tr	NN	This language takes off where the humanly created words fail to communicate .
tr	NNS	" Things got complicated . "
tr	NNS	Dark pupils dilated in a sea of green .
tr	NNS	Looks like an accident .
tr	NN	Her belly flipped at the thought and her cheeks warmed .
tr	NNS	" Though things always take time to settle down , the wise ancestors were not joking when they said . .
tr	NNS	' But the statements from the old school say that you 're already trouble . '
tr	NN	A crash I recognized as a horse challenging his stall wall startled me out of my fretting over Juliet and Eric .
tr	NN	Love tossed some coins on to the shiny counter and waited for his change .
tr	NNS	The same monotonous movements can lull the opponent to sleep .
tr	NNS	" There were other items at the scene that appeared on that shopping list as well . "
tr	NNS	" Rent movies , have a massage , go to the pool .
tr	NN	And then the misery in me darkened as it so often did at these times .
tr	NN	A red sash covered the waist , forming an inverted peak that separated the bodice from the explosion of skirts beneath .
tr	NN	" So where does your uncle live ? "
tr	NNS	The tiny ports didn 't even open - but the skylight hatch ?
tr	NN	The British squad leader leans out and looks down for a landmark to aim towards , but there 's nothing except brown grass and dirt for miles .
tr	NNS	9 Nicolas concerned himself with the old man 's hand and arm movements .
tr	NN	But , the captain insisted on purchasing Sarah 's gown for her before it could be returned .
tr	NNS	The other passengers kept their distance and made an effort not to look in my direction .
tr	NNS	" Things at work got crazy .
tr	NNS	And then the high iron gates opening , and the moon flooding down on the garden .
tr	NNS	And the band letters had started to come back for the Old Thyme Festival .
tr	NN	The senator took me with him to the hospital .
tr	NNS	These types of caps required a jolt of electricity to ignite , like from a cell-phone battery or some other source .
tr	NN	There is no map to lead you to a specific spot as there is in stories .
tr	NN	Then , the doorway vanished and the crystal blinked as it released Echo , fell to the earth , and then became as it was .
tr	NN	Instead , he said , " That little conflict in 1204 prevented me from bringing the Creed to Europe . "
tr	NN	" What 's wrong sweetie ? "
tr	NN	Chance had seen plenty of men fall before that smile .
tr	NN	But the proof was beyond denial .
tr	NNS	His earlier hopes that the military would completely take over had come true but they had shown no interest in letting him leave .
tr	NN	The goal was to capture and arrest as many of the rebels as possible .
tr	NN	" No Child , that 's why you are in the suit , you still have a chance .
tr	NNS	Gentle footsteps on the stairs announce Maddie 's arrival , and my eyes slide to hers .
tr	NN	Unfortunately , the sculpture didn 't hold up against the dwarf 's assault and he knocked the beak right off the bird .
tr	NN	The canoe would be the second trip .
tr	NN	The grilled salmon rested on a bed of wilted greens .
tr	NNS	A few hopeful whispers sounded from the crowd .
tr	NN	One leap to the floor and one to the bed brought him to her side .
tr	NN	' My point and we 're getting off the point , ' Love said .
tr	NN	His reflection smiled back , brushed a hand through his graying temples .
tr	NNS	Things don 't happen overnight .
tr	NN	The only monetary value mentioned during the segment was ' free ' .
tr	NN	An owl called from the nearby trees .
tr	NN	' Fire away , ' said Zeus sitting back and pulling a rolled up cigarette from behind his ear .
tr	NNS	As soon as I touched it , colorless images exploded across my mind .
tr	NN	His eyes twinkle and his mouth twitches into a smile .
tr	NNS	Starbucks tells everyone to huddle into a far corner .
tr	NN	A burly sergeant , his arms clutching a makeshift ladder , was barreling forward like some enraged bull .
tr	NNS	" There were wolves once .
tr	NNS	The halves are , but it doesn 't pass to the stinking quarters .
tr	NNS	There 's two tickets waiting for you two .
tr	NN	In the second place , if you want to go anywhere , the map is absolutely necessary .
tr	NNS	But whispers of a Lord in the East who had a growing army of men began to circulate .
tr	NNS	There were meek murmurs of agreement .
tr	NN	These ones fucking hurt .
tr	NNS	The Welsh leaders had prepared a surprise that they now expected would win them the battle .
tr	NN	The brunette watched her beer slide across the floor , and then took a step toward Raegan , but her friend grabbed both of her arms .
tr	NNS	Thoughts raced across Ezio 's mind .
tr	NNS	Chills ran down my spine when I recognized some of the faces in the pictures .
tr	NN	Her primitive instinct of direction led her unerringly along the route they had come .
tr	NN	Admitting defeat was not an option , if I went down then all our actions would have been for nothing .
tr	NN	Your government continues to say it is closing in on the Snake 's hideout .
tr	NN	The hatch was at the back of the building , practically underneath the steel staircase that Faye had used to enter the building in the first place .
tr	NNS	The hurried directness with which she spoke -- the absence of all her little airs -- made her appeal unspeakably touching .
tr	NNS	There were legends of sirens living nearby .
tr	NN	Part of me had done it on purpose out of spite because I knew it would make my dad angry .
tr	NNS	Deb squeals , kicking her high-heeled feet in the air as Dad spins her around the foyer .
tr	NN	" When 's your lease up ? "
tr	NNS	" Things aren 't great between her and I , Ar , but ... I love her . "
tr	NNS	Computer monitors showed views of the stock markets around the world , and of a duck sunbathing on a roof .
tr	NNS	Yes , objects are not so superficial as they are important reminders of people who used to be .
tr	NN	Jacob 's ultimate goal was to train Toby to control multiple HS units and develop the full potential of the technologies he 'd spent a lifetime building .
tr	NNS	The winds were worse in the wee hours of the morning .
tr	NNS	" To your grandparents isn 't a bad idea . "
tr	NN	The small crown on his head suddenly didn 't seem as heavy as it had before .
tr	NNS	Immortals had their own kind of government , in the form of seven senior Immortals elected by their individual Alliances .
tr	NNS	Nothing wordless passed between them , no deeper understanding ; no telepathic , paranormal stuff .
tr	NNS	Even as we arrived at his house , locking ourselves inside , the sirens sounded as if they were right outside the door .
tr	NNS	Things were going his way .
tr	NNS	Was I enjoying this ?
tr	NNS	The expressions of both men never turned friendly .
tr	NNS	My nostrils flare in distaste at the idea of that woman enjoying my moments with Jennifer .
tr	NNS	The authorities were fearful sword fighting would become a challenge sport ; neither they nor Father Francis would permit it .
tr	NNS	The countess sank in her fangs .
tr	NN	My blue notebook hung on a nail next to one of Rivers ' paintings of a meadow .
tr	NN	Another EOD agent who hadn 't been briefed .
tr	NNS	Cars honked and tires squealed .
tr	NNS	With him at thirty-eight , his grandparents must be in their late seventies or early eighties .
tr	NN	" The castle stands defenseless , and yet you failed to take it with an army at your heels ! "
tr	NNS	Demetrius gallops toward his son , abandoning everything and everyone .
tr	NNS	Others are less receptive .
tr	NN	The absence was unmistakable .
tr	NN	Already , the absence of her arms around him left him cold .
tr	NNS	' Young lovers busted for holding hands . ' "
tr	NN	Her tail , in the evening gloom , switched from side to side .
tr	NN	Shame and pride made her react spontaneously .
tr	NNS	His footsteps fade , then disappear altogether .
tr	NNS	His attendants , knowing his fondness for the second son of his father , assumed he meant not the eldest and true heir .
tr	NNS	Throwing daggers have always been his weapons . "
tr	NN	There 's no other description for his move .
tr	NNS	Political headquarters camouflaged among the masses .
tr	NNS	Our movements although mundane were still ordered by our higher selves for they set the stage for what was to come .
tr	NN	" a diagram perhaps ? "
tr	NNS	The aliens themselves were exceptionally human in appearance with their dark hair , eyes , and olive skinned to darker hued complexions .
tr	NNS	There were no aliens to be seen , and in a frozen and silent world any that approached would be heard long before they would be spotted .
tr	NN	Since it was mid July with temperatures expected to hit 95 degrees in the shade , air conditioning was second only to having an engine that works .
tr	NN	The Steward 's chariot failed him and his spirit fled while his body bled out on the track .
tr	NN	A dart of fury suffused him , leaving Voss momentarily struggling to maintain his insouciance .
tr	NNS	8 IT WAS A relief to arrive at work the next day .
tr	NNS	The twins never like him though , because he is so different from us .
tr	NN	Perhaps the intruder could still be inside the room !
tr	NN	" Yes , " said my rescuer .
tr	NNS	Her psychic abilities were one of the reasons she was so successful as an interior designer .
tr	NNS	The hills of Tennessee , where he was living like a hermit , wouldn 't heal him , though .
tr	NNS	Others rallied with similar hoots .
tr	NNS	His social skills weren 't too good anyway ; his attitude often was as snappy as a black bear smarting from a shoulder wound .
tr	NNS	The warriors filed into the small timber frame house next to the smithy .
tr	NN	From there further development is optional .
tr	NNS	Noah 's thrusts became faster then .
tr	NNS	The younger members of his band of thieves had no such qualms .
tr	NNS	" All the signs are good .
tr	NN	Its keyboard and screen were blank , unoccupied as she had expected .
tr	NN	The scratch of your stubble against me , the way you start to suck and bite at my skin when you lose control . "
tr	NNS	In the locker room , the lockers here were dark in color and looked to be the same size as the picture in George 's head .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of other drivers came back with typical afternoon mindsets .
tr	NN	There was a click , and she was gone .
tr	NN	A majority of our agents have backgrounds in accounting or law . "
tr	NNS	There were letters next to it , but like most Angles I had never learned to read .
tr	NNS	The edges of the square glass bottle pressed into her back as he pulled her close .
tr	NN	Her food cart stood abandoned in the center of the square , overturned with broken boxes running in a jagged line before it .
tr	NNS	The older members of the audience clapped in time , as they could not keep up with the dancing .
tr	NNS	What responsibilities , if any , do corporations have to their employees , their customers , their shareholders , and the environment ?
tr	NN	The maid turned uncertain eyes to Miss Bradshaw .
tr	NNS	" Those dopey expressions are one hundred percent about her lovely lady lumps . "
tr	NNS	The repairs were further along than I remembered .
tr	NNS	Things are going to be better in the morning .
tr	NN	His bicep flexed as he leaned forward to light the tip of the cigarette just visible beyond the long , dark fall of his hair .
tr	NN	" My slave needs the facilities . "
tr	NNS	Hormone level monitors will help you keep things in perspective .
tr	NN	" The only electricity you 're feeling is a wayward spark from the very complete circuit that 's running between the newlyweds .
tr	NNS	Were the bars to keep mortals out , she wondered morbidly , or to keep them from leaving if they accidentally strayed inside ?
tr	NN	The old , mad lord cackled and sputtered .
tr	NN	At the end of the service , the choir segued into a praise chorus that the congregation apparently knew by heart because everyone joined in .
tr	NN	What if the language were to change just as significantly in the next six hundred years ?
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared and his eyes seemed to glow .
tr	NN	Why is your grandma so strict ?
tr	NN	The lamp clicked on .
tr	NNS	Dark spots dominated her vision , but she had to give him directions to the shelter .
tr	NN	And then we ' l jump into introductions . "
tr	NN	The buggy rolled under the sign at the front gate and purred up the road toward the house .
tr	NN	The sword tip quivered inches from her chest , and she puffed it out even farther so that the tip touched the buttons on her shirt .
tr	NNS	" Classes are tougher than last year , but overall , it 's okay . "
tr	NNS	These effects may be far reaching .
tr	NNS	" Things happen under that moon . "
tr	NN	Sophia 's brother Sergio was standing right next to Mandi , looking like a happily married newlywed , and Andre was by Sophia .
tr	NN	" Your goal is to tap into that energy ? "
tr	NNS	Binoculars , flashlights , knives , canteens , granola bars , etc. made the final cut .
tr	NN	Lust spirals through me .
tr	NN	Storm watched them pass , then looked up at her .
tr	NNS	The two ladies with them giggled shrilly , and the auctioneer paused for a moment as the giggles echoed throughout the crowd .
tr	NN	The pilot pulled a slip of paper out of his pocket .
tr	NNS	The demonic strands of light swirled around him .
tr	NN	The shriek ended abruptly .
tr	NN	When she saw the bread , her unease melted away .
tr	NN	A bullet exploded through her torso , shattering my existence in a mixture of steel , blood and bone , colliding at the speed of light .
tr	NN	" Oh Cait ... " the nun lamented .
tr	NNS	Images flashed in front of my eyes .
tr	NNS	These makeshift improvements reminded her that this was his domain , one of the places he 'd never liked her to go .
tr	NNS	Things haven 't been all right in a long time . "
tr	NN	" It 's about time , " the sheriff said harshly .
tr	NNS	The drums had begun again .
tr	NN	A werewolf to be precise .
tr	NN	Maybe they , re sleeping in .
tr	NNS	Waves of magic tore through the heavens from their battle mages , dispelling the darkness and hostile weather .
tr	NNS	Words formed in his mind : Hi God .
tr	NN	The concept of ' witch ' belonged only in fables , although some of the more powerful fae did work with potions and spells .
tr	NNS	The flakes that drifted around her would soon replace whatever had been lost .
tr	NNS	Two small cases were on the rack beside his suitcase .
tr	NN	The chestnut glints that the sun brought out in his dark hair .
tr	NN	The blush that stained her cheeks hypnotised him .
tr	NNS	Things would have been different then .
tr	NN	Only the light dusting of freckles on her nose detracted from the sophistication of her appearance .
tr	NN	The hatred went up his spine like an electric shock .
tr	NN	Then he said dignified : " Here , " and handed the conductor a large sum of money , " the baron pays for everything . "
tr	NN	His fourth grade teacher asked me to meet with her after school one day .
tr	NNS	The grains scraped the glass and paint of the vehicle .
tr	NNS	The first settlers had brought some cows and even a pair of horses .
tr	NN	There was a wisdom about her that was far superior to her years .
tr	NN	Another bullet came his way , pinging off the stone a few feet away .
tr	NN	That damn organization is like a hydra .
tr	NN	It was as Marcus said , all that mattered was that the two of them would be together .
tr	NNS	The footsteps retreated from the car .
tr	NNS	An instant and extra shove brought my legs in , and the trunk slammed shut .
tr	NN	A fitting end . "
tr	NN	The bastard hadn 't changed .
tr	NNS	Guns were going off in all directions .
tr	NN	The furniture was old and unmatched , the beige carpet stained and threadbare .
tr	NNS	Mrs. Fields 's nostrils flared .
tr	NN	Even a prison warden . "
tr	NN	Could her true mate truly be this overbearing , cranky , arrogant bastard ?
tr	NN	The priest was the captain leading the vessel through the storms of life .
tr	NNS	Others stood , rooted to the spot , crying and gibbering .
tr	NN	The first drag was like fire .
tr	NN	Every student they passed shot them looks while whispering behind their hands .
tr	NN	Twisting into his signature attack , Link spins aggressively , but even so , Rift doesn 't break his stride .
tr	NN	" Where 's the chivalry ?
tr	NNS	In the evening the passengers were different ; youngsters going to a concert , couples going to theater , tourists ; happily chatting people .
tr	NN	The lack of oxygen dimmed Colton 's vision .
tr	NN	The van pulled away from the curb , followed the curved airport road and merged into the early morning traffic heading northbound on I-85 .
tr	NN	The sparkle in her eyes held him captive .
tr	NN	Just the fragrance alone made him feel warmer .
tr	NN	Well , that 's it , Jazz thought , and watched the door snap shut again behind her .
tr	NNS	So were the other two ladies on guitar and mandolin .
tr	NNS	Looks like " Uncle Logan " is about to artfully hang himself with his prolifically friendly demeanor .
tr	NNS	The creatures which inhabited it were actually just as weird as the trees from which they fed .
tr	NNS	Things felt good there .
tr	NN	" That bitch wants to execute him for her dinner entertainment . "
tr	NN	A multitude of splintering sounds went into the air , then a high-pitched squeal like an excited animal .
tr	NNS	Tucker 's nostrils flared with the force of his breathing , but he remained in his seat .
tr	NN	" No magical grocery list . "
tr	NNS	Instead of a concerned mumble , reassuring in its waking drowsiness , coarse shouts answered from outside .
tr	NN	" Part of me wants to hurt you very badly , Ivy , but the rest of me wants to protect you . "
tr	NN	But an aggressive , intelligent species would have probably made its presence known by now .
tr	NN	" That anomaly we went through could be a doorway to another universe . "
tr	NN	The courtroom was still as he was sworn in and took his seat .
tr	NN	The passenger suspect kept moaning , and the driver suspect yelled more loudly at Officer Leroy .
tr	NNS	Thick black hair framed her face , wisps of it not staying put .
tr	NN	The teacher gasps as Kendra flops in front of her , but Mrs. Portman only backs away .
tr	NN	All that mattered now was the feel of her in his arms and the scent of her skin , hot from the shower .
tr	NN	" But the salt bitch must be with you .
tr	NN	After a few minutes I did not emerge from the pond , an alligator did .
tr	NNS	The warriors would - perhaps - learn she helped their enemy and they would - definitely - come after her with more fervor .
tr	NNS	Vampire wares are just like any other medicine .
tr	NN	" She must wear them for as long as she is here , " the elder stipulated .
tr	NNS	Others , like myself have more forceful personalities .
tr	NNS	The speeches for the potential President went on for fifteen minutes .
tr	NNS	What prayers have the gods not answered that make you so red faced ?
tr	NN	The newcomer is wearing an organza blouse showing her soft curves , and holding the hand of a cheerful little girl with two plaits tied with ribbons .
tr	NNS	Family members who had been together for centuries turned on one another .
tr	NNS	Hands grasped as she bolted forward , a desperate need to escape coursing through her .
tr	NN	The shriek of a horn blown hard and long .
tr	NNS	In his small boat the currents and waves would tell him where the Great Cape was and from there his home .
tr	NN	Mending clothing was necessary work .
tr	NNS	After the flag ceremony , the pupils went back to their classrooms .
tr	NN	" But not your passion with that poor creature , Mira .
tr	NNS	Three seats were available .
tr	NN	Once a marine , always a marine ... A core of steel hidden beneath the silk . "
tr	NN	The European accent of his voice made my toes curl .
tr	NNS	Meanwhile , new currents of trade and commerce were disrupting China 's simple agricultural society , bringing additional social and economic changes in their wake .
tr	NNS	His binoculars , shoestring around his neck , settled onto the dock , standing upright .
tr	NN	A pale , bluish scar ran down his ribs , making her wonder what had happened .
tr	NNS	" The contents of that chamber are not a threat to anyone .
tr	NN	It wasn 't until a Boy Scout , completing an Eagle project , found the skeleton in a storage facility at the Mormon Church 's historical department .
tr	NN	Zane 's honey eyes landed upon her , a spark of amusement filled them .
tr	NNS	Looks like she 's not the only one with an interest .
tr	NNS	There are thousands of thunderstorms on Earth each day .
tr	NNS	Even as she argued , the images were fading .
tr	NNS	Werewolves died by the hundreds , possibly the thousands .
tr	NN	There was a narrow strip of asphalt between them and the water .
tr	NN	" Fair enough , " the leader replied just before he knocked on the empty barrel .
tr	NN	Overall , his condition is progressing well .
tr	NNS	Words and circumstance cannot change that , nor would we want it to change .
tr	NNS	" Dogs , " she said , reaching behind to give the sleeping dog a pat on the head .
tr	NN	His elation drained away .
tr	NNS	Several strands of golden blond hair had gotten loose of the small white cap and hung limply on her shoulders .
tr	NN	The man 's posture said it all .
tr	NNS	" Drugs will make my abilities go dormant ? "
tr	NNS	It 's like watching a play and my mom is center stage , the spotlights are all on her .
tr	NNS	The giant iron spikes on the end seemed lethal , though he did not tarry to find out .
tr	NNS	The dinosaurs were tuning their voices to his strings .
tr	NNS	In fact , her suggestions often became policy after a period of debate .
tr	NN	A centaur flank hemmed her in on one side , a Naja coil on the other .
tr	NNS	Cassius thought about the fact that she had been brought from another land .
tr	NN	My insurance agent would be glad to hear I 'd found his giveaway so useful .
tr	NNS	Screams rose over the rapid thudding of drums .
tr	NN	The Jeep ground its way along the rutted , unpaved road until it reached the edge of the lake .
tr	NNS	Steep cliffs surrounded the valley in a continuous circular ridge .
tr	NNS	There were journeys in life no one could take for you .
tr	NN	The angel had him on the ground , blocked from view .
tr	NNS	The eggs she served me were terrible and I found bits of shell in them .
tr	NN	The nearest dwarf regarded him with that slightly defiant , slightly uneasy look he " d come to recognize .
tr	NN	Part of me wanted to bring it up again , but part of me wondered if he 'd avoided it on purpose .
tr	NN	The blonde wig hid my chestnut locks and stood in strong contrast to my little black dress , making me feel like someone else .
tr	NN	The whistle came again .
tr	NNS	But the twins looked hale and hearty , and we 'll get them out tomorrow . "
tr	NNS	These figures from the past were more familiar to me than the freckles on the back of my hands !
tr	NN	Human conflict is widespread and decreasing as disease spreads .
tr	NNS	The hackles on my neck stood straight .
tr	NNS	Those images had come from her dreams .
tr	NNS	Three wolves , Andrew , Jackson , Gabriel and Francis are fighting the vampires .
tr	NN	The reunion after they were released had been an odd mix of rejoicing and tense emotions .
tr	NN	There was a ten rupee coin , three five rupees , few two rupees , and many one rupee coins .
tr	NNS	The chills became a fluttering inside Hannah .
tr	NNS	The green jewels bathed the chamber in a nightmare glow , in which the eyes of the man on the floor glittered eerily up at him .
tr	NN	His briefcase sat on the floor , by the door to the garage , where it was rarely opened outside of the office .
tr	NNS	Flames licked from the wound where blood should have flowed .
tr	NN	The dawn lightened the edge of the horizon , increasing the barrier to returning home .
tr	NNS	Our clients know you have it and what will happen if one of our girls is harmed in any way .
tr	NN	Apparently the concept of Wi-Fi hadn 't taken hold in this small-town just yet .
tr	NNS	And before leaving , the gorillas had carefully restored the fence to its original condition .
tr	NNS	All the teachers were in the dorm circle knocking on doors , but I didn 't see Dr. Hyde .
tr	NNS	A few dancers gyrate energetically in an open area between the big open fires , washed by a bath of orange light and dancing shadows .
tr	NN	" A twenty-two , " Seth said .
tr	NNS	" Our ancestors have prophesized of a great evil feeding on human and hybrid souls .
tr	NN	The angel moved swiftly in front of his prey , crouching low , ready for a fight .
tr	NN	The mayor stood up and offered me his hand .
tr	NN	The market seemed more crowded with the ambassador 's arm around my shoulder , the two of us limping along side by side .
tr	NN	A TV was the first thing she asked for from her boyfriends because she knew I loved it .
tr	NNS	" You are right and you are also wrong , " the old man said , " All living creatures have the ability to think . "
tr	NNS	Others , like mine have no sights at all . "
tr	NNS	Yes , the chances of success are abysmal .
tr	NNS	The floors needed to be sanded , and many windows had to be replaced .
tr	NN	The low growl of the Hayabusa whined into silence as I braked to a stop and switched the engine off .
tr	NN	We took culinary classes together and shared wonderful , passion filled vacations .
tr	NN	Her accent was thick .
tr	NN	" If that was true , then the only explanation is that they 're not into women .
tr	NNS	Two Dauntless traitors behind me are laughing about something .
tr	NN	The spark of pain snapped my eyes open .
tr	NN	Their escort snickered and walked down the hall waving Chris and Duff to follow .
tr	NNS	The three mech wolves on guard duty snapped to attention .
tr	NNS	Others have lost their whole families , many of whom were not even for our cause .
tr	NN	" Storm is an independent adult .
tr	NNS	The whispers from the lights have increased .
tr	NN	" History and tradition are important to the Spiros .
tr	NN	" The Storm of the West saw you with the Storm of the South .
tr	NNS	Her husband 's letters of commerce would have to wait -- there was something much more important to be processed , here !
tr	NN	His fur vanished from his body as his bones cracked and snapped .
tr	NNS	" Her Highness would never cause the death of someone she held so dear . "
tr	NNS	The seals for the massive internal hangar deck were complete and the ship had been declared operational .
tr	NN	The reward on my head is substantially higher , of course !
tr	NNS	Ten seconds later , the footsteps faded away , and the room was quiet once more .
tr	NN	His most prevailing notion to dump the whole story remained consistent with his natural first inclination to always get up and run .
tr	NN	" The dawn is here and you need rest .
tr	NN	" Your whistle is pretty ineffectual . "
tr	NN	The head priest had returned with a small wooden box .
tr	NNS	In any case the white cells will be here .
tr	NN	His low growl sent shivers up Zane 's spine .
tr	NN	Standing in a stunned stupor from the torrent of information , Link fails to hear the voices calling his name .
tr	NN	A half an hour went by , however , the wormhole remained , taunting me deeply .
tr	NN	Luckily , an old pal from law school was the U.S. Attorney in charge of the prosecution .
tr	NNS	The consequences are becoming ridiculous . "
tr	NN	A rumbling chuckle came from Sha 's chest .
tr	NN	Her pulse raced , fluttering wildly in her veins as she processed his solemn vow .
tr	NN	" What would your former lovers have to say about that ? "
tr	NN	Any peasant will do .
tr	NN	Reality was shifting to me .
tr	NNS	Not that Cupcake 's loud footsteps were helping much either .
tr	NNS	Others have big ceremonies and parties that last several days or weeks .
tr	NNS	Their face masks looked even creepier than before up close .
tr	NNS	Fiji 's directions to implore Hecate to help those present develop their powers left him just a bit bored and faintly contemptuous .
tr	NNS	Through the night , many shots rang out , sometimes followed by the moan of wounded or dying men .
tr	NNS	Their costumes and faces were complete .
tr	NN	The spider hadn 't moved .
tr	NN	Jason 's injury was ethereal , intangible , and he saw the helplessness she felt written clearly in here eyes .
tr	NNS	Hands gripped her legs , and then she felt his wicked tongue circling her bud .
tr	NNS	" Those sneakers are hazardous to my health . "
tr	NNS	A few more generations and I 'll be out of a job . '
tr	NNS	Alexis raises her hand .
tr	NN	The bump became larger .
tr	NNS	All three computer monitors are alight .
tr	NNS	Things will get better .
tr	NN	Obviously a fan of creature comforts , judging by the custom home , the appliances and all the luxury items .
tr	NNS	The bystanders murmured their consent and added a few insults of their own .
tr	NN	The concept was , of course , a familiar one to him , as was its thermodynamic consequences .
tr	NN	" It is probably from the tincture , " the healer answered .
tr	NNS	The emptiness was so much worse than the anger I expected to see there .
tr	NN	" There is another player , though , who has yet to show their hand , but who may eventually manage to turn him . "
tr	NNS	There were further rolls but Jake lost count before the car came to rest on its roof .
tr	NN	And most important , their leader intended to keep Alex alive .
tr	NNS	Things were looking better .
tr	NN	On his way to work , Love had dropped off his Samuel Windsor linen jacket at the dry cleaners down the road from his flat .
tr	NN	The pilot taxied directly into the Quinn hangar ; it was located near the main terminal .
tr	NNS	Looks like an original piece .
tr	NNS	My nostrils caught a pungent odor .
tr	NNS	Chartres snorted and downed another glass of wine .
tr	NN	Their government held its citizens under lock and key .
tr	NN	My uncle , on the other hand , constantly lectured and demanded I do more and better .
tr	NN	With its windpipe cut off , the hound made no sound at all .
tr	NNS	Waves were crashing in his eyes , sure and strong and sweeping .
tr	NNS	The characters of the book seemed like real people to the author once upon a time , and so he wrote it that way .
tr	NN	" In this case , our lax manner proved our downfall .
tr	NN	My inner hulk , I mean green monster will someday lose its control and breakout .
tr	NN	The black pavement blurred beneath her eyes .
tr	NNS	At some point , though , Grace 's letters took on a greater importance .
tr	NN	" Yes , the plant is extinct , destroyed by the very demons it was supposed to attack . "
tr	NNS	" My clients can wait here if I 'm with someone .
tr	NN	Fortunately , the ice cream soothed it .
tr	NNS	The room was decorated with suits of armour , flags floating from the ceiling beams , pennants dripping from brass rods and crossed swords affixed to walls .
tr	NN	The smoothly curved chin , suspended above a gloriously white neck .
tr	NNS	The two detectives took time to look about the small bistro .
tr	NNS	Things suddenly seemed to be going along very well .
tr	NNS	" The mines appear no closer to their aim than when we started .
tr	NN	The turbulence in her mind and stomach overrode any normal civility .
tr	NN	His metal torso was unharmed and had a golden tint as if his new heart had repaired every injury he had obtained .
tr	NN	This Dark Side was no different from the other nearly deserted bars in the neighborhood .
tr	NN	The justice raised his eyes again and the stark , sunken visage followed after .
tr	NN	Soon the ledge narrowed even further , and she could no longer stand , but she could see the nest .
tr	NN	Up ahead , a cow stood in the road , just hung out there , looking straight ahead .
tr	NN	Immediately , the harness fell from the sky again .
tr	NN	" So what if I ate 366 granola bars last year .
tr	NNS	Raw hides went in one end of Davon 's tannery , and work shoes came out the other .
tr	NN	" If I take my attention off of you for a second , they ' l attack . "
tr	NN	A low growl to my side warned me that Max was ready to pounce .
tr	NNS	The blades began to turn ... ever so slowly .
tr	NN	That bastard wasn 't cutting out her heart !
tr	NN	" My design isn 't as good as it might be , but it 'll suffice . "
tr	NN	The balance should be negative if the projected expenditure column is correct . "
tr	NNS	Things have been busy , as you can imagine , and I 'm not getting as much time as I thought I would . "
tr	NN	His uncle extended his hand and Ryan took it , going so far as to pull him closer and pat him on the back .
tr	NNS	" What size is your mattress ? "
tr	NNS	The attendants were fixing a mask to the steel nozzle and handing it to an elderly woman at the far end of the room .
tr	NNS	The consequences , of which , will be an amazing portrait of your strength , both inside and out . "
tr	NN	" The leader is - " She squeezed her eyes tightly shut and drew in a deep breath .
tr	NNS	Inside Corinne , organs and tissues were actually reshaping , and the same thing was happening to her daughter .
tr	NNS	The light fixtures were small wagon wheels suspended over every table , a bigger one way up in the rafters dead center .
tr	NN	" Where 's our little angel ? "
tr	NNS	" Your chances of dying on a freeway in LA are greater than dying from taking a swim here . "
tr	NNS	Looking back , our glowing prints seemed to spiral around the entire circumference of the tunnel .
tr	NNS	Romulus turned and disappeared into the grove .
tr	NN	Chance had stood there while pain and horror flashed across Gwen 's face .
tr	NN	A sliver of moon hung in the sky outside , but fog blocked even that .
tr	NN	The leggy brunette stepped forward and extended a well-manicured hand .
tr	NN	A gray sedan squeezed alongside .
tr	NNS	In fact , her movements actually appeared frightened .
tr	NNS	" But -- " " There are no buts .
tr	NN	Occasionally , the bandit leader turned to him and they talked together .
tr	NNS	" Our sessions haven 't been going very well .
tr	NNS	The rolls were steaming hot , with jam oozing out in several places on the tray .
tr	NN	And the realisation that I am splattered with droplets of my ex-boyfriend 's blood , Lucien 's blood .
tr	NN	Secondly , the calf had died quickly of a broken neck .
tr	NNS	I felt strong and refreshed , and all around me , the colors and scents seemed stronger and more vivid .
tr	NN	The sheriff followed closely behind , and the posse , one after the other followed behind them .
tr	NN	Yellow police tape was still strung up everywhere and the business was obviously closed .
tr	NN	A scuffle began and she screamed just as Luke was pulled from the truck .
tr	NN	A small lamp glowed on the nightstand beside her , golden light playing in her ebony hair and across her lovely face .
tr	NN	The flutter turned into a red-hot snake coiling around my insides .
tr	NNS	the ladies were having to the attractive former libertine .
tr	NN	A sob broke the hush in the room , a raw sound of pain too fresh to manage .
tr	NN	His attorney had mailed me his picture and a brief summary of his credentials .
tr	NN	The blush on my cheeks was threatening to light the table on fire .
tr	NN	The chief maid took the women inside at once , to show them to their quarters and see to their comfort .
tr	NN	" Which way 's north ? "
tr	NN	A bright fuzzy blob slowly formed in the center of the screen .
tr	NNS	The SUV 's taillights winked , and her vehicle chirped in pleasant recognition of its owner .
tr	NNS	My fans would love that , let me tell you . "
tr	NNS	But with each war he and his goblins waged , the dwarves grew only stronger than before .
tr	NN	His shield had saved the detective 's life .
tr	NNS	The freshly shined floors dazzled , glinting in the hard September sunlight that streamed in through the school 's open front doors .
tr	NN	Phil 's secretary greeted him with a smile .
tr	NNS	The dolphins take a while to swim over to us , making sure it was safe enough for them to swim over .
tr	NN	His wound has already healed , just a faint scar is all that 's left .
tr	NN	The loud racket caught the attention of several other workers .
tr	NN	The hatred in his eyes directed at me was crippling .
tr	NN	The Defense entrusted AISI with this project . "
tr	NNS	Horus brought a hand up to his mouth as if shocked .
tr	NN	The Death of Rats was on the shelf behind her .
tr	NN	Love stood still with both hands placed on his hips .
tr	NNS	The sandwiches quickly forgotten , our kisses led to wandering hands , up and down each other 's bodies .
tr	NNS	Her sobs subsided by degrees .
tr	NNS	All the wolves froze in place .
tr	NN	The only other option is to hurt Steve because that is the only way that I will get past him .
tr	NNS	My instincts kick into overdrive .
tr	NNS	My Mama presses the button then the plasma goes black .
tr	NN	" Who is that complete hunk of man meat with your son ? "
tr	NNS	Things I don 't want to admit to myself .
tr	NNS	Golden locks , tawny eyes , and a brutish build caused a person to look for his hammer .
tr	NNS	Both good signs , I think .
tr	NNS	Kevin 's nostrils flared , and the muscle in his jaw flexed .
tr	NN	There 's a dragon in our pasture ! "
tr	NNS	Werewolves and vampires didn 't exist , and nor did mermaids or pixies .
tr	NN	That male fragrance , so familiar to her , was as reassuring as his voice .
tr	NNS	Her long fingernails drummed an angry beat on the tops of her arms .
tr	NN	Others hover , like desolate children , lost , adrift , not sure they understand what has just happened .
tr	NNS	The rats took a moment to regroup , and then he could hear them behind him .
tr	NNS	Currently all the bridge 's screens displayed a lockdown message , rendering them useless .
tr	NN	The pit of my stomach has no floor .
tr	NN	Her mascara had smeared , and Jax ran his thumb along the corner of her eye , wiping the shadow away .
tr	NNS	Her fingernails were scoring deep grooves into his shoulders , and the slender arch of her body was an instinctive attempt to fight off his invasion .
tr	NNS	Our actions startled him ; that much was clear , for he reacted with psychotic fear by chaining us in lakes of liquid flame .
tr	NNS	My eyelids drooped , and I struggled to stay on my feet , leaning against the wall to hold myself up .
tr	NNS	Words won 't really be necessary .
tr	NN	Only your local guardian and your parents allowed .
tr	NNS	" There are tunnels in the basement .
tr	NN	A fiery bullet hit a vampire about seven feet away from me , who screamed in agony as he burst into flames .
tr	NNS	Her temples throbbed , the voices still bombarding her .
tr	NN	His contribution to medicine is profound , Ryan .
tr	NNS	More heavy footsteps echoed against the porch steps as the men exited , leaving us three fewer than we had been before they 'd come .
tr	NNS	The small creatures screamed as they died .
tr	NN	Well , she thought , resigned , there is one gown I won 't ever be able to wear again .
tr	NN	' The institute was an anachronism .
tr	NN	Terror , or at least the terror he 'd witnessed from Leah that morning when she woke , was revolting .
tr	NNS	But wolves were very fast .
tr	NN	Then a twig snapped behind them .
tr	NN	" Ok , just ... give me that . "
tr	NN	There was a light tap at the door .
tr	NN	And the hunger is peaking again .
tr	NN	" Here is your salve , " the healer said .
tr	NNS	Fridays are her morning to open .
tr	NNS	There are hotels that have similar rooms , but they don 't have this . "
tr	NNS	Things he 'd accumulated over the years .
tr	NN	" No , but they did tell me that absence makes the heart grow fonder .
tr	NN	The pen slipped out of my grip , flinging forward and smacking the head of a girl sitting two seats in front of me .
tr	NNS	Even the servants remained along the walls and in doorways and alcoves .
tr	NN	Some childlike superstition that if you could not see the boogeyman stalking you , then you would be safe .
tr	NN	Only prophecy would send you to my doorstep .
tr	NN	Charlie , why 'd y have to go and mouth off to Muck like that ?
tr	NNS	Screams filled the kitchen ; he could barely lift his head against the stunning tumult .
tr	NN	The madness he knew centuries before belonged to others , but this time the madness was his own .
tr	NN	My appetite had vanished .
tr	NN	" They react badly to incompetence , " the passenger said .
tr	NNS	Clearly her warriors had attempted to ensnare the man 's mind with their angelic gazes .
tr	NN	A polite cough brought us back to the palace .
tr	NNS	Behind him , shouts still echoed from the courtyard .
tr	NN	" The lack of detail 's a little suspicious .
tr	NNS	His pupils started to dilate .
tr	NN	The page must 've just handed it to him - his hands had been empty before .
tr	NNS	Things had changed irrefutably .
tr	NNS	Reyes , together we can do this .
tr	NN	Every delectable inch of her body was ripe with sexual promise and a confidence he admired .
tr	NNS	Myles froze while picking up the Swiss Army knife he 'd left on the nightstand .
tr	NN	The teacher , Mr. Nesbitt , showed up for class Monday morning looking quite rough .
tr	NNS	Souls taken by demons -- into that place -- can never return to God . "
tr	NN	" How does barbecued steak sound for dinner ? "
tr	NNS	Things got a little out of hand on the drinks front .
tr	NNS	Her movements were so jerky , she flung dirt onto my legs .
tr	NNS	An emptiness expanded inside Tick , a void that should 've been filled with a long list of terrible emotions but instead felt numb .
tr	NN	Before I was all the way to the bottom and opened my mouth to speak , Lucien 's torso twisted so he was facing me .
tr	NN	The bullet missed Will by a few centimetres .
tr	NN	While the boys only had eyes for the teacher , the teacher only had eyes for Kylie 's forehead .
tr	NN	" No , my lieutenant was right .
tr	NN	Roxie , her oldest student , stopped in the doorway , looked over her shoulder , and fluttered her eyelashes at the High Lord .
tr	NNS	Flames shot up the branch , and reached the trunk just as another burst of wind fanned the blaze .
tr	NNS	There were still too many variables .
tr	NNS	" What 's downstairs ? "
tr	NNS	Gold fixtures and marble tiles gleamed in the mist .
tr	NNS	But wolves knew vampires could kill them and didn 't typically choose to pick a fight .
tr	NNS	Delicious aromas were drifting up to her nose , making her stomach rumble with interest .
tr	NNS	With a sacrifice made , the wolves retreat into the woods .
tr	NNS	Cade 's eyelids flickered with disappointment .
tr	NN	The clear layer stapled over it has the new additions that have been suggested by the architect . "
tr	NN	The pulsing had stopped .
tr	NNS	Soldiers fell from the fortress down to the battlefield .
tr	NNS	Not all myths about supernaturals were accurate , but it appeared the shape-shifter weakness to silver was right on .
tr	NN	Her discomfort turned to alarm .
tr	NN	And suddenly my reflection explodes in golden light .
tr	NNS	" The finger pricks hurt more than the shots because fingers have so many nerve endings . "
tr	NN	" No way , " another ghoul mumbled .
tr	NN	A blurry mass of bodies wrestled on the ground in front of me .
tr	NN	All her resolve , all the promises she had made were slipping away .
tr	NNS	The surroundings help : the Superhero Corps Office is large , calm and beautiful .
tr	NN	There was a photograph of the man with his dog in front of the little backyard shack in the newspaper .
tr	NNS	Others in low moans .
tr	NNS	How are classes ? "
tr	NNS	As soon as the flush of fresh blood left his cheeks , an odd paleness sank into his skin .
tr	NNS	His footsteps had faded , and I couldn 't see his pale coat any longer .
tr	NN	-- The Staff of The Straight Dope Science Advisory Board One " This is an old folks home ? "
tr	NNS	Huge creatures moved through the sea .
tr	NNS	His instincts didn 't seem to be too receptive at the moment .
tr	NNS	His servants began to look fearful , but none dared to interfere .
tr	NNS	Soon , running footsteps sounded and Sadie and Jack appeared .
tr	NN	In her hands , his c * ck reared proud and erect , the thick , two-toned length impressive in so many ways .
tr	NN	" And the winner is ... " Again the dramatic pause as Kara ripped into the envelope .
tr	NNS	Cars screeched to a halt as I drove by them on the wrong and right sides of the road .
tr	NN	The appetite for intimate and personal contact forever filled .
tr	NNS	Police in charge of the investigation describe the details of the murder as horrifying and too gruesome to reveal to the public at this point in time .
tr	NNS	Even the qualities that she 'd put forward as her shortcomings , her hang-ups , had charmed him , secured his unquestioning empathy .
tr	NN	Then , another compartment inside the compartment opened .
tr	NN	And every inch of him had felt ... delicious .
tr	NN	The graveyard just kept going in circles .
tr	NN	" When I turn eighteen , I 'm getting a tattoo , " JJ announces .
tr	NNS	Their scarves are identical blue denim .
tr	NN	" Did the sheriff investigate the possibility that someone might have murdered Melba Thorn ? "
tr	NN	" I quite give up , " the valet said , and tossed the feather duster over his shoulder .
tr	NN	The lightning illuminated the face of the vampire , once handsome and sensual , now ravaged by evil .
tr	NNS	Their minds once more merged and they both laughed as they simultaneously set about checking all the new systems .
tr	NN	At the mention of the teenager 's senseless passing at a party thrown by her brother , nausea rose in Liza 's throat .
tr	NN	A Sergeant in camouflage ACU uniform approached Campbell , holding a tablet computer .
tr	NN	But if he stops now , this sacrifice will be in vain .
tr	NNS	Others noisily joined him , and the approval quickly swelled to a wholehearted level that surprised Rachel .
tr	NN	Suddenly a white archway sprung from the mist and stagecoach wheels slammed cobblestone .
tr	NN	the spider yelled in pain .
tr	NN	There was a small mountain on the center of the island and from where he sat he could see that it was covered with green trees .
tr	NNS	From what I 've been able to find out , some fellas gunned an unarmed innocent man who was just walking the sidewalk with his missus . "
tr	NNS	In the cupboard drawer beside the sink , forks , spoons and knives were all in neat sections , which was a bit worrying .
tr	NN	Seeing her rock the doll confused me .
tr	NNS	A certain emptiness gnawed its way inside me .
tr	NNS	Then there were the cushions she and her mother had sewn of a night .
tr	NN	That reunion had really changed things .
tr	NNS	Looks like he 's going to a new owner . "
tr	NNS	Lots of Mythos folks use it to get down to Denver and then back up the mountain to the academy again .
tr	NN	How can a publicly funded museum outbid some plutocrat with money burning a hole in his pocket ?
tr	NNS	Waves of heat warmed Kelly 's cheeks .
tr	NNS	While some of the locations exist in reality , the characters , circumstances , and dialogue are products of the author 's imagination .
tr	NN	The veil between sleep and reality became translucent , the two worlds blending .
tr	NN	The sub had been seventy meters long , studded with knives and cutters .
tr	NNS	Marius nodded and settled back into his seat .
tr	NNS	Words I never thought would come out of my mouth .
tr	NNS	Alexis was home alone , wearing next to nothing and spending the evening with a boy who , at sixteen , probably had more hormones than brains .
tr	NNS	There were drops of blood on the floor that lead to the front door of her place .
tr	NNS	Odysseus had thought about that , as he thought about everything , and had his answer ready .
tr	NN	The rope hauled the Cane roughly over the parapet , just as the gargoyles slammed against the area he 'd previously occupied .
tr	NNS	Others are not so complimentary .
tr	NN	How far can obligation take you ?
tr	NNS	She fears , the media would create unpalatable stories about her stay in a yoga ashram .
tr	NNS	Most clients lost interest in Hector once they had been assured that he was not likely to bite .
tr	NNS	Behind this facade , emptiness and a great , unnatural silence reigned .
tr	NN	" Nope , the curb got that one .
tr	NNS	Two people sat in the booth next to me , set ing down some rental videos on their table .
tr	NN	" The senator harassed her for years , and now she 's free of him . "
tr	NNS	Now the followers are nothing but dots on the lawn .
tr	NNS	The discs , following the path between their momentum and the pull of the wires , wrapped around the automaton 's arm .
tr	NN	His pulse ramped at just the thought of seeing her .
tr	NN	Opening it didn 't burn her fingers anymore , the way it once did .
tr	NN	The pitcher hurled the ball at him , and Weston swung .
tr	NNS	Gradually her movements ceased .
tr	NNS	" Certain deaths are understandable , even justified , by disease or accident or a meaningful risk .
tr	NNS	But those meetings had been over so quickly , they hadn 't been on Tesoro long enough to really look around .
tr	NN	When it came to Jonah , the pendulum swung far too wide .
tr	NNS	Pack leaders are sadistic and find great pleasure watching their prey suffer before they themselves begin killing . "
tr	NNS	" The ghosts of all those dead people in the wreck rose up to get him ? "
tr	NNS	The winter scarves hanging in my closet only further reminded me of the one I 'd secured on his bitten hand .
tr	NN	A trickle of sweat ran down her chest , but she ignored it , knowing she was well on her way out of trouble with this man .
tr	NNS	Our preparations for the exam reached the peak when we started to count the days of our exams .
tr	NN	An athlete would struggle to recover from the amount I did and I was certainly not an athlete .
tr	NN	The leader turned and at its signal , they moved off as a group , two guards leading the way in large strides .
tr	NNS	There were hills , and the farms were smaller .
tr	NN	The shooter saw us and called out to us and we had to wait while he approached and introduced himself as a man of the law .
tr	NN	Her grandmother swallowed and allowed in a pained voice , " Very well . "
tr	NNS	Her blissful murmurs of pleasure filled his ears , spurring him on .
tr	NNS	" And there are the other mermaids ... " " Violet , you can 't give up your life for me . "
tr	NNS	But at least without our chips , the cameras won 't pick us up . "
tr	NNS	Aris sent his aunt back to Christos before rushing to Selene .
tr	NN	, the sergeant replied , gazing out at the horizon .
tr	NNS	' And those suits aren 't the best . '
tr	NN	The suitcase barely weighed anything and was simply a few essentials my mom had thrown together for me .
tr	NNS	The captives in the cages were definitely kids from the neighborhood .
tr	NNS	Elias said , startling Michael as he came up next to him and patted him on the shoulder .
tr	NNS	The creatures had created a stronghold .
tr	NN	Eyes blank , she whispered , " The pilot 's ... gone . "
tr	NNS	" Until gravity changes direction again .
tr	NN	Her crown gleamed in her golden hair like a thousand stars .
tr	NN	or the other chestnut is the three putt .
tr	NNS	Upstairs are his parents ' old bedroom and his old bedroom , with a bathroom between them , and that 's it .
tr	NNS	Things weren 't so bad .
tr	NNS	Others from the outcrops where they had just come , others appeared from the horizon from the direction of the fish factory .
tr	NN	" Of course , " said his student .
tr	NN	At least her heartbreak had vanished to a place where Hades could not see it .
tr	NN	There was a roar and a blast of fire .
tr	NNS	Officials still carry weapons but rarely is it ever necessary to use them .
tr	NNS	Curious as to who else occupied Corinne 's life , Edward rounded the landing and entered the upper parlor .
tr	NN	In the center stood a stag , magnificent and virile , gazing sideways at Elena .
tr	NN	Sheer determination enabled her to hold on when every instinct screamed at her to drop the reins and move as far away from the horse as possible .
tr	NN	There was a maid , of course , whom I had to credit with all this cleanliness and order .
tr	NN	A hunt through the cabinets below the sink produced a serving tray .
tr	NN	His balance was off , and he couldn 't catch himself .
tr	NNS	Their prints came back and matched to a Billy Ferrell and Chuck Trout .
tr	NNS	Certainly the chains of gold and jewels that the man wore indicated that he was at the least a wealthy man .
tr	NN	And the barbarian trotted off down the street as she hung back to allow him to get ahead of her .
tr	NN	The gentle bump of their shoulders aroused him like a damned schoolboy getting his first peep at a girl 's panties .
tr	NN	Even the pilot , just because a simulator says it can 't happen , doesn 't mean the simulator isn 't wrong .
tr	NNS	Things worked out for Jack , and I was happy for him .
tr	NN	The sergeant remained standing with the two behind him .
tr	NNS	Outraged members of Congress chased down reporters and demanded hearings and investigations .
tr	NNS	Screams filled the basement , and it wasn 't just the wounded .
tr	NN	As I cast my eyes around the vampires dining with us , a glint of redness caught my eye at the opposite end of the table .
tr	NN	Their ultimate goal had been to control Shinichi using his star bal .
tr	NN	His continued inability to resurrect outside this backwater town infuriated him .
tr	NN	The barkeep set another glass on the counter with a sigh as the President 's speech went on .
tr	NN	" What did Cam 's daddy think about it ? "
tr	NNS	Fun drinks were a novelty she 'd never experienced .
tr	NN	the secular leader croaked .
tr	NNS	Teagan 's eyelids fluttered and she stared at the floor , hoping Jake didn 't notice .
tr	NN	" Mr. Garrett , " the goon said .
tr	NN	No resort will change that . "
tr	NNS	These twins were identical , except for the color of ink on their dragon tattoos .
tr	NNS	The four yellow tentacles are aimlessly floating around her , touching random objects and then moving on .
tr	NN	The thunderous chorus rang out in consistent , perfect time , the lifeblood of the dark , empty tower of Triumph .
tr	NN	just as I began to smile , though , there was a rap on the door : Balthazar .
tr	NNS	The gates were black wrought iron , cresting to a point between two stone pillars .
tr	NN	The pilot got out and she got in .
tr	NNS	Lights twinkled in some windows , but most were still dark .
tr	NNS	The rumours are true .
tr	NNS	The crisp , sharp edges of the plate grew soft , melting away in a river of gold .
tr	NN	" And then there 's the cellar ! "
tr	NN	At times the perception of the sound changed , but the song remained the same .
tr	NN	All that mattered was that he was saying it to her now .
tr	NN	The peculiar and beautiful Claudine had told me that she was attracted to Bon Temps for its very strangeness .
tr	NNS	Animals have been in and out .
tr	NNS	Little bits and pieces try to form in my brain , but struggling to figure them out takes too much concentration .
tr	NN	The audience simply has to grow into the repertoire you 've conducted .
tr	NNS	His Physical Evolution skills are way beyond mine ; probably anyone in the Academy . '
tr	NN	The clientele was about what he 'd expected : overheated , mostly male , sweaty , and mostly twice his size .
tr	NN	Michael 's teacher complained that he didn 't pay attention .
tr	NNS	There weren 't no village gates , just a big barn where they all kept their livestock .
tr	NN	A tremor raced up his body and she turned , smiling tenderly at him .
tr	NN	A receptionist checked us in when we arrived at the main desk and buzzed us through , along with many others who arrived for the service .
tr	NNS	" Will wonders never cease ?
tr	NN	The old bastard just kept saying the chest was empty when he found it .
tr	NN	The dragon shifted into a human figure .
tr	NN	My dust rag faltered , and I stared at the gaping hole in the platinum setting .
tr	NNS	The twins rammed into her other side , hugging her tight .
tr	NN	Your daddy had it , too . "
tr	NNS	Only welcome visitors could pass under the lintel and into the Citadel beyond .
tr	NN	" Love spell gone wrong . "
tr	NN	There was precedent of course .
tr	NNS	But only the kind lovers do when all is shared .
tr	NNS	Out of this forest , five cloaked figures entered the village .
tr	NNS	The warriors don 't even notice us as long as they think we 're doing work .
tr	NNS	But for every man who won a car and a refrigerator and a tv set there were millions who didn 't .
tr	NN	This treasure hunt has something to do with my brother and the time-traveling business ? "
tr	NN	Part of the bargain would include me doing your laundry and cooking your meals ? "
tr	NN	The job ad said something about spreadsheets .
tr	NNS	By the way the wolves are drooling over her I 'm sure she 'll have no problem finding a date . "
tr	NN	All that mattered was his mouth , his touch , this fire .
tr	NN	" Yes , every partner knows and plays by the rules .
tr	NNS	But images of him flooded her mind constantly .
tr	NN	The fringe militia and the liberals will grumble , but everyone else will welcome it if it makes them feel safer . "
tr	NNS	But for the chance to truly live again ... our losses would have been worth it . "
tr	NN	" The rope caught his ankle .
tr	NN	Five years ago , his career changed dramatically .
tr	NN	The seating was beige , the walls were white , the only things that graced the walls were several large college degrees .
tr	NNS	The ramifications of the discovery were endless .
tr	NN	Dave 's attorney , Mike Addison , stood up and the room quieted .
tr	NNS	Things will get better .
tr	NNS	You ladies kick ass , and that 's why you are here . "
tr	NN	A subject 's vanity is often a good place to start .
tr	NNS	The familiar strains of Placebo came out of the speakers and I tapped my fingers on the steering wheel .
tr	NNS	Things will improve . "
tr	NNS	" How many of these species live together ? "
tr	NNS	The floors were a dark walnut wood , and a chandelier sparkling with crystals hung from the ceiling .
tr	NNS	The beginning strains of a Murder by Death song ring out .
tr	NNS	Words like murder , danger , blood , bullets , bat shit insane .
tr	NN	The pungent smells of the Surface .
tr	NN	A building directory hung over the desk .
tr	NNS	Her dresses still fit in a way , giving her more movement on the upper deck .
tr	NN	A twig cracked behind him .
tr	NNS	Others wouldn 't see it that way ; they would think that he , who had wanted to spurn the earl , was instead being spurned himself .
tr	NNS	... The lands , the big lands ... all different ... ' Susan sat down on the bed .
tr	NN	A few seconds later , a flashlight cut a bright path through the gloom and landed on my face .
tr	NNS	Green forests ran for miles on the opposite sides of the narrow road .
tr	NNS	" All my accessories are fake .
tr	NNS	The Assembly meetings had become busy since Venture 's fall .
tr	NN	Until she took the initiative , pressing that welcoming mouth against his .
tr	NN	The public 's blood lust had a new , fresher target .
tr	NNS	There were directions printed on the boxes .
tr	NNS	The tentacles appeared sentient , in competition .
tr	NNS	" My French is pretty rusty , but I think I heard the word ' breakfast ' in there ? "
tr	NNS	My eyelids popped open .
tr	NNS	No outsiders lived there .
tr	NNS	Girls chased after him like flies to honey , despite that mop head of hair he sported .
tr	NN	But crowded or not , downtown sat right in the center of Bixby , surrounded by rings of housing developments .
tr	NNS	The fountains and gardens were easy enough as well .
tr	NN	Behind Jack , the roar of a second ' copter grew louder .
tr	NN	The remnant of her childhood ADHD . "
tr	NNS	There were changes coming in Thomas ' life as well as the Hunters .
tr	NNS	The torches fixed to the high walls gave off a dim glow .
tr	NNS	Although forbidden , the ancient texts also instruct them that they will be required to intervene upon Caliban 's return .
tr	NN	The stars twinkle and the gray promise of dawn has started .
tr	NNS	Now there were three swarms , swirling side by side .
tr	NNS	" How far apart will the bars on your up-and-down gate be , Rabbit ? "
tr	NNS	Those earlier blasts still filled Jason 's head .
tr	NNS	But old survival instincts were hard to shake .
tr	NN	Sam 's teasing growl sounded from the door .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared and his eyes narrowed .
tr	NNS	" What are the chances the next place will be the one we 're looking for ? "
tr	NN	The garage began below the waterline .
tr	NN	The photograph shows a child 's bicycle propped on its kickstand on the sidewalk in front of a blue house .
tr	NNS	But Jacqueline 's efforts had backfired .
tr	NN	" And who let that thug beat her to begin with ? "
tr	NN	And a scanner might not pick it up .
tr	NNS	Moving into the tunnel , the carts galloped .
tr	NNS	Its companions followed suit .
tr	NN	A scar slanted up towards his hairline on his face .
tr	NNS	The defenders are holding their own , but the action has attracted widespread attention , drawing in a whole throng from the distance .
tr	NN	His motto seemed to be " My dog shall be free ! "
tr	NNS	As descriptions of places bloomed before his eyes , so did the scenes which he would describe .
tr	NNS	" The runes , I grasped ... " She clutched at the invisible lettering , her voice edged with hysteria .
tr	NNS	You had blades in your sleeves , blades meant for me . "
tr	NNS	Images of Jenna Cavanaugh and Ian Thomas , two of Real Ali 's victims , flashed on the screen .
tr	NNS	Things are going well until this problem pops up .
tr	NN	Then the Master hesitated and looked from one to the other .
tr	NN	The bard began to lumber over to their aid , drawing more daggers out his sleeves as he did so .
tr	NN	The attorney had the floor and was reiterating their position .
tr	NNS	The extension cords remained snug .
tr	NN	" You 're not going anywhere , " the old nun replied .
tr	NN	My first instinct was to squash it , but some instinct stayed my hand .
tr	NN	A beautifully cared for rockery extended either side .
tr	NNS	Eventually the depths of my orbs open up revealing such thoughts as the common herd will never see .
tr	NNS	Things that had been immutable were changing .
tr	NN	Beyond the windows was a balcony that was set high about the vineyard below , offering a view of endless rows upon rows of grape vines .
tr	NNS	Its deeply carved letters read : THE DARK WITCH " I found her . "
tr	NNS	Hands cupped laughing faces .
tr	NNS	His goblins are useless and incapable of fulfilling the very task they were meant for .
tr	NNS	The apprentices got to travel all through Europe with their artists .
tr	NN	The bullet had ripped out a chunk of flesh just beneath my armpit before cutting through my upper arm .
tr	NN	The museum is an enormous building split over two floors .
tr	NN	The rope hung free again .
tr	NNS	Reyes rubbed his chest .
tr	NN	Hope he doesn 't get in trouble , poor bastard has enough problems .
tr	NN	On D Deck , there was even a large tapestry on the wall that was obviously a replica of a much older work of art .
tr	NNS	Marius touched the deep cut and frowned as he rubbed the blood between his fingers .
tr	NN	E His smile faded .
tr	NNS	Others had symbols that reminded Guillaume of the flag of a pirate ship .
tr	NN	Their body language seems stiffer , if that 's possible .
tr	NNS	There were two bright pink spots on Hanna 's cheeks .
tr	NNS	Reyes stopped beside him and looked into the holding .
tr	NN	His dimple flashed again , momentarily stunning her wits .
tr	NNS	As if they were astride a horse galloping at a fast speed their minds soared over the land .
tr	NN	The boarding lounge was full of ghosts .
tr	NNS	" My grandparents used to live at the compound .
tr	NNS	Things just weren 't adding up .
tr	NNS	Just leave me alone , Spartan , and I ' l do the same to you . "
tr	NNS	Besides , however dreadful , no warriors could be as terrible as they who ruled this valley .
tr	NN	And beyond the glass doors , there was a small balcony where he could stand and watch the water .
tr	NN	The first pavilion they came to was small compared to the others .
tr	NNS	Believe me , this mattress sure is a lot more comfortable than that sofa ! "
tr	NNS	There were no suits and no limos in the parking lot .
tr	NNS	But zombies with brains , " Cole replied .
tr	NN	The trick would be to help her stay motivated .
tr	NN	Mel 's passion is contagious .
tr	NNS	As I scream , shouts echo from the hallway .
tr	NN	The chase excited him . "
tr	NN	Morning was on its way .
tr	NN	The damage had been ... a little more widespread than he had expected .
tr	NN	In just two days the blackmail will end .
tr	NN	Her strong Russian accent laced across every word .
tr	NNS	There are so many creatures to tend that we 'd waste time by working together , so we each take one of the ark 's vast rooms .
tr	NN	I mean , hey , " Ollie said sympathetically , " I know he 's a little different , doesn 't exactly fit in around here .
tr	NNS	Can zombies get bored ?
tr	NNS	Others were into mechanical things .
tr	NNS	At least ten adult Americans in shorts and sandals are heading into the building to get processed .
tr	NN	Her throaty purr when they 'd kissed .
tr	NN	" Your birthday honey !
tr	NNS	To all sides stood glass display cases and pedestals holding up ancient artifacts .
tr	NNS	Beyond the fence , zombies were shoulder to shoulder throughout the whole parking lot .
tr	NNS	Gramps nods and starts opening drawers in the toolbox .
tr	NN	" Has your routine changed in the past week ? "
tr	NNS	The boards were another story , lots of activity in the past few days , especially since the presidential election was coming this fall .
tr	NN	" How was the ghost hunt , Kylie ? "
tr	NN	If he hadn 't saved the garter snake .
tr	NNS	" The tales of robots probably originate from one master legend , for the general theme is the same .
tr	NNS	Families don 't do much together anymore .
tr	NNS	Things like food , drink ( namely , coffee in my case ) , sleep , and physical intimacy .
tr	NNS	" Things between us had just been so different lately .
tr	NNS	On the cross , eyelids opened , rough slits in that leathery visage .
tr	NN	On the bedside table , there 's a photograph in a cheap plastic frame .
tr	NNS	All his belongings piled in boxes in the hall ; the bedroom floor littered with torn autographed posters from the Raccoons .
tr	NNS	Looks like there 's a line of rock outcroppings we can follow to stay out of sight . "
tr	NNS	The berries were far sweeter and tastier , and soon the company were rubbing their bellies and rolling over , content with their feed .
tr	NNS	" Things are going wonderfully .
tr	NN	" Number fifteen , " JJ mutters .
tr	NN	" There 's a drugstore on the corner . "
tr	NN	Her eyes darted to Luka , his fiery face unreadable .
tr	NNS	His writings are fantastical - too imaginative - and describe nothing of the real world .
tr	NN	A thug grabbed her around the waist and lifted her off her feet .
tr	NN	A tail attached to an enormous dragon casually walking through the forest .
tr	NNS	Achilles kept her safe . "
tr	NNS	Flames seemed to burn between her legs , and even the cool night air couldn 't put out the fire .
tr	NNS	Her fears started to subside .
tr	NN	A powerful plume of smoke rose from it , obscuring the deeper reaches of the cave .
tr	NN	There was no valid explanation for the cause of his seizure . "
tr	NN	That method would not work , no matter what .
tr	NN	" That little bitch won 't be satisfied until she steals you away from me .
tr	NN	Fortunately , the hardened warrior quickly regained control and hunkered down to wait for more precise intel .
tr	NN	The agent gaped at him .
tr	NN	I real y believed that .
tr	NN	The raft isn 't sinking ! "
tr	NNS	Our minds were sharp and clear .
tr	NNS	My eyelids drooped once , twice .
tr	NN	This scenario made me sound like an alien sucking her brains out through a straw , but it also kind of made sense .
tr	NN	A calf cannot survive without it 's mother , so the life of the mother comes first here . "
tr	NNS	Skulls asked Callum , in a hostile tone .
tr	NN	But why had the suspect settled here , so close to the border of the quarantine zone ?
tr	NNS	Then all the rats had gone .
tr	NNS	My worst fears came crawling in from every direction .
tr	NN	The sergeant frowned at him .
tr	NNS	Guardians are the keepers of information , and once Neal had a place to start , he found Ross fairly quickly .
tr	NNS	Things like that . "
tr	NNS	Looks like a businessman . "
tr	NN	There was no reasoning with her .
tr	NNS	Others he spotted made him feel ill .
tr	NN	Love opened his door and with one swift move was outside the vehicle standing in the car park looking at Stuart over the roof of the car .
tr	NNS	" There are ghosts in there . "
tr	NN	There was a reasonable explanation .
tr	NNS	Once again , video chips and some of the speculative fiction of your century show openings like this in time . "
tr	NN	" If he 's not dead , the small suited bastard will tell us . "
tr	NNS	The first few dinners I cooked were disastrous , but I got better .
tr	NN	Now that birds can be fed , the author does so , also attracting an array of hungry squirrels .
tr	NNS	Police and other witnesses reported hearing more from the roof after the helicopter plunged to the ground .
tr	NN	The staircase was extremely steep and narrow , obviously to make it more difficult to find sandwiched between the basement walls .
tr	NN	The secretary mentioned that you and he had lunch sometimes .
tr	NN	The concept is so different from the usual Cartesian approach of dissection and analysis .
tr	NN	Part of me knew that I should be concerned about this spirit that kept appearing to me , but I couldn 't make myself worry about it .
tr	NN	Chance went still as I snagged the towel and wrapped it around myself .
tr	NNS	Back home in Indiana there were lush forests that bloomed spectacularly every spring and lit up the landscape with fiery reds and vivid yellows during the fall .
tr	NNS	The pills had done their job , but her problems weren 't over yet .
tr	NNS	All the good restaurants were French , and they were everywhere on the island .
tr	NN	The robe skimmed her bare feet , and she decided to disdain slippers .
tr	NN	" Seems we have visitors , " the male agent said .
tr	NNS	Things would just appear in my fridge that I didn 't buy , and she would plead innocence .
tr	NNS	" Things are fine with Robin .
tr	NN	The caller did not identify himself , but I dare say voice recognition technology should easily confirm -- or deny -- your statement .
tr	NNS	Now just scraps and shreds remained , torn pieces of metaphysical cloth which I could not weave into anything coherent .
tr	NNS	Witches needed to refuel when they conjured consecutive spells .
tr	NNS	Your own stupid insecurities kicked in from not having your dad around .
tr	NNS	The Coalition losses of the first battle were not as bad as Milton had thought they would be .
tr	NN	The sentiment stuck in her throat .
tr	NNS	And the gates groaned as guards towed on the ropes , slowly hauling the heavy wood back toward them .
tr	NNS	There really are , like , eight thousand male Whitfield cousins here .
tr	NNS	The blasts brought down sections of fence .
tr	NN	My grandmother had always told me when I was younger , " Never chase after a boy , Scarlett .
tr	NN	You kidnapping , evil , twisted - " " Yes , yes I get the point , " he sighed wearily .
tr	NNS	Things are turning strange . "
tr	NN	" What 's a picnic ? "
tr	NNS	Muscles seized , as if bracing for an attack .
tr	NNS	There are patrols on the main streets but I keep to back roads and empty alleyways and come across no one .
tr	NN	The courtyard was deeply shadowed , the morning sun still too low to touch the corners of the little square .
tr	NN	When it was time to begin the show , the invisible psychological warfare squad of Scorpion beamed incredibly realistic holograms of an extra-terrestrial invasion force .
tr	NNS	Young ladies snatched off the streets .
tr	NN	The bronze of their spear tips prodded the darkening sky ; their helmeted heads looked forward only , not to the side or back .
tr	NNS	There 're no chandeliers either .
tr	NN	The hatch opens a few inches , then stops .
tr	NN	Love , marriage , family , all would be disastrous .
tr	NNS	The emeralds were stunningly green , and they made up a clover in the center of the field of diamonds .
tr	NNS	From the rafters hung two giant sculptures of wrestlers , idealized in form , as if flying at each other over the ring on the floor .
tr	NN	Her tail was different from Sara 's -- blue , not flesh colored .
tr	NNS	The couples nodded in agreement as their two 14-year olds worked on a science project together in Abe 's room .
tr	NN	There 's an agent that runs a cleaning company ... I guess I shouldn 't say too much , but he 's truly someone to behold .
tr	NNS	" And what are these creatures like ? "
tr	NNS	Things are gon na get worse before they get better .
tr	NN	Love watched as a group of hazy figures walked in and milled about .
tr	NN	The smooth English accent formed the words efficiently .
tr	NNS	The spiritual experiences flowed through the memories like the water of the mighty Rhone River .
tr	NNS	Her tits were still a mystery to him , but everything else was not .
tr	NN	A rag and a cocktail of industrial strength cleaners and insecticide did the trick .
tr	NN	His loyalty to Dominic and the security of his family and business had been his top priority for many years .
tr	NN	" Where 's your master ? "
tr	NN	Eventually , hunger drove her downstairs to the kitchen .
tr	NN	The elf looked back at him , glared , and ignored the question , continuing with his story .
tr	NNS	The coils had gone .
tr	NN	No raised or puckered scar tissue marred his supple skin .
tr	NNS	" These levels could easily cause a bloom .
tr	NN	The bullet wound to his shoulder ached , so he swapped the leather strap from that side to the other and removed the pressure from his bruise .
tr	NNS	" Um , the burgers are really good .
tr	NN	Tim clicked his teeth together , an annoying habit that Amira had learned meant he was thinking .
tr	NN	No offense , but it 's going to be a little weird wearing your deceased grandmother 's clothes . "
tr	NNS	Things were finally winding down .
tr	NN	The abandon he sensed in her as her tongue met and moved with his tempted him to let go of all restraint .
tr	NN	The thick cream carpet matched the houses color scheme .
tr	NN	Her robe fell open .
tr	NNS	Nightmares be damned , the stakes were just too high to waste time on anything less than a full press ahead .
tr	NNS	I hold it up to the light and see inscribed in very small writing , the letters FWD .
tr	NN	" Hello everyone , my name is Mrs. Williamson and I will be your Art teacher , " the teacher said as she walked around the room .
tr	NNS	Hands from outside the car reached for him .
tr	NN	The caller ID simply said " private . "
tr	NNS	Our sources tell us that her name is Emma Mills and she works for an ad agency in New York . "
tr	NN	The Sea of Boston has returned to Coalition space and reports mission accomplished . "
tr	NNS	The Invictus pairs knew that as well .
tr	NNS	The stiffness in his clenched jaw eased a little , and he stepped away from the door .
tr	NNS	Loose strands of her auburn hair fell to her face as she sat across the table from me .
tr	NNS	" The ladies at the store guaranteed me that you can add charms and swap them out at all kinds of shoppes .
tr	NNS	Sadness filled my heart .
tr	NNS	Reyes liked Angelica in his head and he was proud of her for bearing up well , but he 'd expected nothing less .
tr	NN	When he would turn his palm the other way , the sequence would repeat in reverse until he was once again looking at a yellow-green leaf .
tr	NNS	There were shots of a number of small cameras positioned around the machine .
tr	NN	A policeman and policewoman stood nearby .
tr	NN	There was no policeman sitting outside .
tr	NNS	Don 's team members were fast , combining their abilities to take the fae team down .
tr	NNS	Small puffs of warm breath escaped my nostrils .
tr	NNS	There were no credit cards currently registered or in use , no open auto loan , no personal credit lines .
tr	NNS	Somewhere deep inside of me , this horrible emptiness folds in like a black hole .
tr	NNS	Things are clearer . "
tr	NN	" Her birthday isn 't until March .
tr	NN	" Who 's the captain ? "
tr	NNS	Polite kisses in respectful places weren 't the only way to show affection for her .
tr	NN	A gentleman leaned over to speak to the husband of the unconscious woman .
tr	NNS	Words tumble out but I can 't hear them .
tr	NN	Terror filled him as he realized he hadn 't been drained ; he 'd been broken back to the limited power needed for basic Craft .
tr	NNS	The ghostly frames dissipated into darkness moments later .
tr	NN	The intent , the characters and the eventual outcome are totally different .
tr	NN	Love shook his head .
tr	NNS	The Tower 's defenses and guards have been alerted .
tr	NN	A blue halo surrounded the vessel and it was off , sailing past the ocean of black glass that was the Sanctuary .
tr	NNS	The buyers were coming from a small apartment and had agreed to take most of the existing furniture .
tr	NN	There was a brilliant spark , then the car shuddered and slowed abruptly , coasting to a stop maybe a foot from the wall .
tr	NN	A satisfied grunt escaped Deacon 's lips at reducing his enemies to one as he surveyed the house again , observing no movement at doors or windows .
tr	NN	He , the priest , hated bugs , too many odd kinds , thrust up overnight from the fal ' t. . .
tr	NN	The faint illumination of the fading Portal in the square was just visible , glowing through the open front doors .
tr	NN	The contraption felt like it hadn 't moved in ages .
tr	NN	She had to admit , the welcoming committee seemed genuine .
tr	NN	" I 'd never tell the counsel about you and ... and your sisters , " the headmaster whispered .
tr	NNS	The images continued to come to his mind and he saw the circular room he now stood in .
tr	NN	If that man killed my Beta , ' t is my right tae take his blood . "
tr	NNS	World leaders and heads of state were demanding that their tables be moved as far from mine as possible .
tr	NNS	The images that had grown in her mind into a fantasy too real to withstand any longer sparked a shiver of sensations .
tr	NN	" Besides there is no honour in attacking a wounded man .
tr	NN	The king snake looks like the coral snake ; therefore predators will avoid the king snake for fear that it is poisonous .
tr	NN	And , aiding the fear , there was , even then , a not wholly disagreeable thrill at the thought of sharing so stupendous a secret .
tr	NN	The sergeant told the captain that his men would not shoot a pregnant woman .
tr	NNS	The winds on that roof were gusting to forty miles an hour .
tr	NNS	The twins ' expressions are more animated and they seem to enjoy the walks in the woods , reaching for all the blossoming colors .
tr	NNS	Jack 's hopes soared .
tr	NNS	" Human resources will be sending up a secretary for you .
tr	NN	The oracle was nowhere to be seen .
tr	NNS	Questions burned within all of our hearts as we raced along through the shade .
tr	NN	The younger executive was Gavin 's right-hand man , and if Gavin succeeded , he succeeded .
tr	NN	The guilt of the situation is weighing heavily on my shoulders .
tr	NN	" This language is foreign to me .
tr	NNS	" Leaving gaps is no different from a bold lie . "
tr	NNS	While we were gone , eggs had hatched , releasing hundreds of fleas with nothing to nibble on but George .
tr	NN	A trickle of ice ran down Emelia 's spine .
tr	NNS	Mid fifties , American , she 'd seen them in old films .
tr	NNS	Outside appearances suggested the wealthy man had jetted off for a wild Saturday night at the Bellagio .
tr	NNS	Her clients are leaving her .
tr	NN	Castle Jaden 's true appeal was her safety .
tr	NN	The angel shook his head , but Nicolae ignored the quip as always , giving Ash a minute nod of greeting .
tr	NNS	My classmates were more worried about their final papers , upcoming holiday vacations , or just plain tired of thinking hard to put much effort in .
tr	NNS	Their plays have no second acts and neither have their lives . "
tr	NN	The castle had been in front of them when the fog consumed their party , but he wasn 't sure it would still be there .
tr	NNS	Smells like sex in here . "
tr	NNS	But her footsteps stop before she reaches the door , and she goes back down again to where she was and looks directly into the camera .
tr	NNS	Anna was almost there when her wrist shook painfully , electric spikes shot up her arm .
tr	NNS	Torr 's nostrils flared in anger and his voice whipped out like a lash .
tr	NN	" The secretary counted five men you have with you on the premises , Luigi .
tr	NN	Her determination had very little to do with herself anymore .
tr	NNS	Lights shone brightly , cleanly on the rails .
tr	NNS	Second floors didn 't bother Diego , as long as there were solid stairs under him .
tr	NNS	The recruits met their drill master and were assigned quarters .
tr	NN	Maybe he doesn , t know himself what he wants to do yet .
tr	NN	Unexpectedly her womb clenched .
tr	NNS	Messy desserts don 't sound like your style . "
tr	NN	The opulence of the edifice was astounding .
tr	NN	The buxom brunette batted her eyelashes and offered a coy smile .
tr	NN	A gentleman in a nice grey suit and rather interesting tie appeared on the screen that looked out on the back lawn .
tr	NN	" This young lord 's my master . "
tr	NNS	Romulus began to pick the lock as the sharp footsteps issued into the ballroom .
tr	NNS	Their attempts soon proved futile , however .
tr	NNS	The three gunmen raised their rifles .
tr	NNS	These baths had already proven their power to him .
tr	NN	" No offense , but that doesn 't look safe .
tr	NN	Part of me actually wished we had been able to stay there .
tr	NNS	As they walked onto the bridge over the river , fresh flakes of snow began to fall .
tr	NNS	Squires backed out more calmly , mindful of keeping Bill 's line of fire clear .
tr	NN	Her momentum sent her into the wall further up and the Jackal dealer slammed into her a second later .
tr	NN	Every perceptible ounce of light in the area is pulled into the arrow , the graveyard eclipsed in the darkest black as Sheik prepares to fire .
tr	NNS	And the consequences , as you 've seen , can be disastrous .
tr	NN	The witness may answer . "
tr	NN	The blond bomber ran into the bathroom , and took out a can of shaving cream .
tr	NN	The transport of equipment had proven once again to be more reliable than the transport of humans .
tr	NNS	Beneath their hoods , undead grins beamed from pallid cheeks .
tr	NN	The mutant nut dropped from his hand .
tr	NN	The old sheriff woke suddenly .
tr	NN	BP is eighty over fifty-five , pulse ox is eighty-five . "
tr	NN	Part of me -- maybe a shadow of a memory -- cringed just hearing the name .
tr	NNS	Words don 't hurt . "
tr	NN	Across the cove , a few hundred yards off , a trio of squat cabins hugged the water .
tr	NNS	The petals began to glow brighter and Jared glanced up as they began to close in on themselves , shrinking in and becoming smaller .
tr	NN	The footman assisted me down , and I handed Alice out myself .
tr	NN	All illumination came from the harsh , strict field of florescent lights adorning the ceiling .
tr	NN	The trailer wasn 't photo spread ready , but it was clean and tidy .
tr	NNS	The zombies were getting closer from every direction and I readied my whip .
tr	NN	The other patrons of the elevator regarded him with equal dour judgement .
tr	NN	" Are you sure ' t is something you wish to do , lass ? "
tr	NNS	Despite the pain , the practice sessions helped .
tr	NNS	How can such creatures resist the lure of eternal life ? "
tr	NNS	Its heaping coils spread out everywhere ; the worm breathed hoarsely , its glazed eyes fixed on Tibor .
tr	NNS	Chartres bowed to her .
tr	NNS	Its properties are virtually identical to that which featured in this book .
tr	NN	No doubt the option crossed his mind .
tr	NN	Light and color from Echo 's room danced off of the reflective glass .
tr	NNS	Things have got really complicated here - I 'll need a holiday whatever happens .
tr	NN	The pilot bowed in deference .
tr	NN	A metallic badge glistened proudly on his pocket .
tr	NNS	The other colors were equally frail , flickering in and out .
tr	NN	The front bumper caught on a fire hydrant and yanked the bus to an abrupt halt just inches from the school wall .
tr	NN	" No offense meant .
tr	NN	But the senator is dead !
tr	NN	His belt buckle scraped against her lower belly , and caused a rush of liquid heat to pound between her thighs .
tr	NN	His welfare has become dependent on the welfare of his sister .
tr	NNS	Reyes gulped back a surge of bile , his next words emerging hard and strained .
tr	NN	Even before he spoke , his attire and bearing told her he was the captain .
tr	NNS	Walk downstairs , seduce Dr. Southerland and not worry about what happened afterwards .
tr	NN	Prove it , " the captain slurred , his bloodshot blue eyes widening .
tr	NN	The slow creak of a door stopped her in her tracks .
tr	NNS	Several members of the crew perked up at this , and Vin cocked her head .
tr	NN	The whips , the electrical charges bother the dragon as it tries to thwart Danica ´ s assault .
tr	NN	Surprisingly , her advancing geriatric condition was the least of her worries .
tr	NNS	Two shots rang out .
tr	NN	" The Book of Rules , " she proclaimed with mock seriousness as the weight of it settled in Mac 's hands .
tr	NN	The wraith swooped down , the malevolent spirit from my worst nightmares , the embodiment of everything that still terrified me about ghosts .
tr	NN	Finn 's bicep flexed under me .
tr	NN	At the far end a waterfall fell into a pool that took up most of the clearing .
tr	NN	" The ravine comes out just below a land bridge that we can use to get across the river .
tr	NNS	Broken sticks , grasses swept the grounds clean of deception exposing three faces motionless above a cloak of earth and sand .
tr	NNS	My heart races and I hear the monitor tattle tell on me by beeping ferociously .
tr	NN	There was only one blob on the screen .
tr	NNS	Things regarding the grief over his wife had felt a little lighter since his hit on Ward .
tr	NN	If the mountain will let us .
tr	NNS	All other characters in this book are fictitious , with the possible exception of the main character .
tr	NN	Rowdy applause split the air near the bar .
tr	NN	Your disregard of God 's will has wrought this Hell . "
tr	NN	The only option was to work methodically backward .
tr	NNS	" What were the tests ? "
tr	NNS	Others were open to the road , with the tiny plot paved and turned into a parking space .
tr	NN	" Human medicine , " was all she said on the matter .
tr	NN	" This gentleman is Katia .
tr	NNS	Nothing changes , does it ?
tr	NN	A large picnic umbrella completed the scene .
tr	NNS	The cards were on the table , and now all we could do was play .
tr	NN	The Persian rug was soft , the muted colors glowed in the dimness and her feet sank into the pile when she kicked her shoes .
tr	NN	No matter what happened or what did not happen , the tie belonged to me now .
tr	NN	This route is more difficult and requires six to seven hours to reach the summit .
tr	NN	His son 's engagement had been an unexpected blow .
tr	NNS	Then the elves of the valley came out and greeted them and led them across the water to the house of Elrond .
tr	NNS	The two hobbits trussed their small packs , put them on ready for flight , and then crawled deeper into the fern .
tr	NNS	My sunglasses helped block some of the sunlight as I closed my eyes .
tr	NN	The doorknob slips out of her grip and the door slams shut behind her .
tr	NN	the baron commanded , " and raise the drawbridge ! "
tr	NN	" His grudge is with the world . "
tr	NNS	The nostrils flared , sniffed , growled , and then sniffed unsatisfied .
tr	NN	My pulse sped up as I opened up the fridge .
tr	NNS	In the blink of an eye the cousins had dissolved into the evening gloom .
tr	NN	A canoe is almost ideal for that .
tr	NNS	Words didn 't matter now .
tr	NNS	" Two tickets to the winter formal , " he explained .
tr	NNS	The members were gazing at him as if they are looking at a puppy .
tr	NNS	Because trying to dismantle and stack solar cells in total fucking darkness isn 't fun .
tr	NN	" Shh , ma petite " she said , her hand cupping my jaw as she raised my eyes to look at hers .
tr	NN	Nausea threatened to overwhelm her ; then she noticed that everything looked blurry .
tr	NNS	" The media is trumpeting the news that our golden boy here has skipped the country , although nobody seems to know why yet .
tr	NNS	My actions and instant response to the stranger were troublesome , no matter my fantasy life .
tr	NNS	His actions went against everything Alexander believed in .
tr	NNS	In this day of online booksellers , readers like to know what other readers think .
tr	NN	Your grandma and everyone else came over and worked on it all day yesterday .
tr	NN	The vitality is irresistible !
tr	NN	The bullet passed through Myers face , cutting off the yell and attack .
tr	NN	The pasture , full of sheep , was immediately in my path .
tr	NN	Another knight came and splashed water .
tr	NN	Now the description wasn 't giving him that much either .
tr	NN	A strange half-smile and I can only assume that she is still locked in to the memory .
tr	NN	" Mom , the majority of people on this ship are under 16 .
tr	NN	The teacher was this elastic , dark-haired beauty who kept saying , " Good .
tr	NN	The pilot eased the throttle forward and the aircraft moved upwards at a steep angle .
tr	NN	What 's a mister ?
tr	NNS	At the back of the room were rows and rows of neat shelves filled with glassware and all kinds of bottled and labeled ingredients .
tr	NN	" Good , " the inspector muttered .
tr	NN	Soon after we had finished eating , the captain announced that we were commencing our descent into Auckland .
tr	NN	Standing , the rider reported as ordered .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids fluttered again and this time they opened .
tr	NNS	Her nostrils flared in disgust .
tr	NNS	Questions flooded my mind .
tr	NNS	As though on cue , two servants entered .
tr	NNS	" His actions leave no doubt of it ! "
tr	NN	Only one such bagel remained in the freezer and it was coated in a heavy fuzz of ice crystals , like sugar .
tr	NNS	Soldiers were returning in pine boxes .
tr	NN	The bearded hunter was nearly at the top , which to Leo appeared to be the rim of a crater .
tr	NNS	Panicked paws shifted and twitched , sending small snow showers down on her head .
tr	NNS	The chances of a lone traveller meeting an untimely death were much too high of a risk at this point .
tr	NN	" The damage seemed fairly thorough . "
tr	NN	The trick to handling a bad dreamscape is to find a way out .
tr	NN	The band 's lead singer had come down with the flu and the backup they usually used was in Maui working a wedding that night .
tr	NN	Cain 's assessment reverberated in her mind , agreeing with her own .
tr	NNS	Myles eyed her as if he couldn 't quite figure out what was going through her head .
tr	NNS	Her nostrils flared with the widening of her eyes .
tr	NNS	His footsteps echoed loudly through the space .
tr	NN	Beyond the gate , a small fishing festival was well under way .
tr	NNS	Things can 't be like this .
tr	NN	All I lack is writing his name all over my fourth grade social studies notebook .
tr	NNS	Our tongues vigorously danced , just as we had done in the parking lot .
tr	NN	Some people hunt , others build . "
tr	NN	When a seer was probably the boss of the whole thing .
tr	NN	" The neighbor told me she works nights , but she didn 't say where .
tr	NN	" If only that reputation would spread to everyone else .
tr	NN	The voice whispered again , a little heartbreak wasn 't going to do anything to the mayor .
tr	NN	When provided with an opportunity to do just that , however , the majority of the doctors failed to report them .
tr	NN	Then our preliminary offensive squad will get in the rocket and infiltrate the mother ship . "
tr	NNS	Once he gets on his feet and wanders out into the hall , the security monitors will pick him up , and then the questions will start .
tr	NNS	Eventually her sobs began to quiet , no longer wracking her entire body .
tr	NN	The clink of keys carried across the small yard .
tr	NN	Her recovery was not going fast enough for her taste .
tr	NNS	' So , the remaining warriors tracked the dragon to its lair , what next ? '
tr	NNS	And their minds were twisted ... I can 't explain it . "
tr	NN	Part of me believes so , but the other part has to wonder how long is too long .
tr	NN	There was only one other option .
tr	NN	But the passion that sparked inside Katherine was taking its own course .
tr	NNS	Loud sobs escaped my throat .
tr	NNS	The old man 's eyelids flutter open and he turns to look at us .
tr	NNS	Alexis waited for her car and the bellboy loaded it up for her .
tr	NNS	Looks that said , You were the last one with him .
tr	NN	Emma 's pulse was still racing as the footsteps retreated along the hall .
tr	NNS	" The power levels of the force field are down to fifty percent of what they originally were .
tr	NNS	" Things get tight through here .
tr	NNS	CHAPTER 21 I bolted after her , my footsteps pounding into the wood panels .
tr	NN	Every instinct urged her to flee , but she couldn 't escape his hold .
tr	NN	My belly fluttered , excited , nervous .
tr	NNS	Something magical happened then -- Jonah smiled directly at me with his eyes focused intensely on my face .
tr	NN	There are a ton of cameras down there , too .
tr	NNS	And her cookies are ... there are no words . "
tr	NNS	There was suddenly so much she wanted to say to Peter , so many unexpected possibilities .
tr	NNS	Rufus always green James Dean always brown .
tr	NNS	The social spotlights were on us and it felt like we were striding in slow motion .
tr	NN	One more pitch against Daniel 's rock-solid chest and she would lose her mind .
tr	NN	The ferry was back running across the Cook Straits to Wellington .
tr	NNS	At its sound , more rats appeared out of the wasteland and joined those already assembled , swelling their ranks to several hundred .
tr	NN	Our foe will not be easy to defeat .
tr	NNS	Things feel a bit strained because , at the end of the day , MacKenzie is Mason 's little sister .
tr	NN	Your partner here seems to have the sadist down , so you 're almost there . "
tr	NN	And from its being radiates a halo of unconditional love and beauty to which even the most jaded souls are unconsciously drawn .
tr	NN	The hall was lined with what had to be portraits of her hosts ' numerous children , some bearing troll features , some with fae .
tr	NNS	The ghosts took seats along the rails .
tr	NNS	Others gave them a wide berth , sensing something was amiss .
tr	NN	I real y do . "
tr	NN	His robe begins to singe and melt away as if the tightly constricting balls were coated with acid .
tr	NNS	Many frightening possibilities played out within Dan 's mind and he wanted to silence each of them , becoming desperate to know exactly where Rachel was .
tr	NNS	But the cabinets had already been open .
tr	NNS	The shackles were heavy , and a short chain between each set prevented much movement .
tr	NN	" And the raspberry sauce is too tart .
tr	NN	An adorable half-smile appeared on his face as he shook my hand .
tr	NNS	Her lush boobs tented the shirt , leaving little to the imagination .
tr	NN	" Well , if there is , there 's no help for it , " Adam 's grandmother sighed .
tr	NN	Each small stack is worth ten grand .
tr	NN	( Author 's Appreciation : Thank you for all your reading time and efforts ! )
tr	NN	A more basic and slower hyper dive along with gallons upon gallons of rocket fuel .
tr	NNS	The continued visits where he had all but ignored her , treated her with a coldness he had not felt but which had nevertheless been necessary .
tr	NN	The pilot didn 't utter another sound .
tr	NNS	Would these followers see it ?
tr	NNS	Things moved quickly after that .
tr	NN	The whistle sounded again , but this time my eyes connected it to a flutter of movement in a tree next to the house .
tr	NNS	What were those classes again ? "
tr	NN	The first bullet took him in the shoulder , the second burying itself in his right leg .
tr	NNS	demanded Abraham , trying to stand up , yet the tightness in his chest kept him seated .
tr	NNS	My kisses so far include one with Mitch , which he didn 't want , and a kiss that completely melted me from the inside out .
tr	NN	Couldn 't still the agitation twitching all the muscles in my body .
tr	NNS	Chills slipped down Emma 's spine like icy fingers .
tr	NNS	Almira 's nostrils flared .
tr	NN	" Her name was Victoria , " the redhead answered .
tr	NNS	Lights , ornaments , knickknacks that needed to be dusted throughout the month of December and then put away again .
tr	NNS	" The Made wolves and the fracture pack are someplace in the Everglades .
tr	NNS	European cousins lined the right wall ; distant nieces and nephews gathered on the left .
tr	NN	This new British colonel is trying to stop us from reaching the Groot .
tr	NN	His soft chuckle filled the foyer .
tr	NN	" Where is your trident anyway ? "
tr	NN	" What 's the psych analysis on her ?
tr	NN	The same organization that killed dad is now targeting you .
tr	NNS	" All of the pictures of you with models and actresses ... " " Things are not always what they seem . "
tr	NNS	Folks here didn 't have spectacular coastline views and multimillion-dollar homes .
tr	NNS	A thousand possibilities rush through my mind .
tr	NN	Car crash , boat crash , gunshots ... I give them five minutes , tops . "
tr	NNS	Suddenly , scenes filled his head like flashes .
tr	NNS	Several equipped with weapons and armor handed out weapons to other elves .
tr	NN	By the way , the mob giving you any trouble ? "
tr	NNS	My companions were of little use .
tr	NN	The tomb was the discovery of a lifetime .
tr	NNS	Others , most probably those who lost some game , would be pulling out fists of rage and yelling curses .
tr	NN	The cleric skidded to a stop before the big man and dropped to his haunches .
tr	NN	Either way , the priest is dead or dying , but someone interrupts him .
tr	NN	A thin trickle of water fell from it .
tr	NNS	Animals do possess a sixth sense for survival , weather , crisis , and opportunities .
tr	NN	The streams of blood poured down his face .
tr	NNS	Things like school seemed so pointless .
tr	NNS	Things have been different lately .
tr	NN	the dean had asked , choosing to ignore my shock .
tr	NN	Eadie 's midnight wanderings went unnoticed in a house full of life but where privacy was still respected .
tr	NN	" No kidding , " she said wryly and he knew that she was still thinking about the will and what J.D. had done to her .
tr	NNS	There weren 't any streetlights this far from town , so she was forced to turn on her flashlight before she really wanted to .
tr	NN	Exercise extreme caution with them .
tr	NNS	Looks like this was another of those weekends .
tr	NN	Apparently , the tour was gaining popularity as we traveled and they expected too many fans for us to play at the smaller stage .
tr	NNS	Cars and trucks and minivans lined both sides of the drive , nearly back to the main road , and kids were everywhere .
tr	NNS	Along the hallway , captives peered curiously out of the their cell door windows .
tr	NNS	Things are not looking good in that marriage at all .
tr	NN	The backyard slowly revealed itself to her .
tr	NNS	My fears flamed up as I became consumed with the image of Annette alone at the new condos with her boss .
tr	NNS	The cameras started clicking and flashing before Bria even got the sedan parked .
tr	NNS	The kitchens , laundry rooms , and servant spaces were above him , between the basement and the main floor of the hotel .
tr	NN	There was such determination in her voice .
tr	NN	My goal wasn 't just to give my client a catalog of inventory .
tr	NN	The rippling cascade would challenge any motion detectors .
tr	NNS	Behind them , the evenly spaced bars of a cage peeked out from under a canvas .
tr	NNS	" Rapist arrested , " the headlines read .
tr	NN	The bitch called me on an unsecured line .
tr	NNS	Apparently , my employers truly don 't want you to escape .
tr	NN	As we came around a bend , the Jeep bounced heavily and came to an abrupt halt .
tr	NNS	The best minds in the system would gamble their lives for that , in a society that was a constant gamble , an unceasing lottery .
tr	NNS	Many other drinkers took notice of the armed man gulping down his ale and whispered to each other with suspicious eyes .
tr	NNS	His movements and delay had been purposeful .
tr	NNS	Doors in different wings eased quietly shut ; her parents rarely spent any time together except for meals .
tr	NN	Suddenly , the roar of a truck engine came through the trees .
tr	NN	Her teacher watched in horror , unable to move or speak or offer help .
tr	NN	the sheriff yelled back .
tr	NN	" This hunter wasn 't Shifter ? "
tr	NNS	The additions to Diana 's house were much newer ; perhaps they 'd used better materials .
tr	NN	Of course , the quad had been working on the project for nearly 10 hours .
tr	NN	Jazz checked for anyone watching or following , but the night was quiet and the street was clear .
tr	NNS	Remember what Cox said ? "
tr	NN	The captain stepped out onto the deck , shielding his eyes for only a moment against the glare of the rising sun .
tr	NNS	The sobs tore out of me , loud against the quiet night .
tr	NN	Suddenly a piercing whistle split the air and the carriage lurched forwards .
tr	NN	When it saw Alex looking , its filthy tail whisked back and forth a few times , and then it whimpered .
tr	NNS	The members of the GP exchanged looks of obvious surprise .
tr	NN	Hannah 's suitcase sat in front of the patio door .
tr	NN	Part of Jake wondered whether he would continue to rewind through time if he had succeeded in saving his family yesterday .
tr	NN	But the celebration is short lived as the rest of the sprites take me down , biting my skin over and over again .
tr	NNS	he bit out , forearms resting on the steering wheel , his tone incredulous .
tr	NN	" The captain put me in charge , and the corporal gave me full authority . "
tr	NN	" Where 's your bra , Miss Smith ? "
tr	NNS	He looked down into cup and then set it again , contents untouched , on the table .
tr	NNS	" Along with the name of the planet , the scrolls , which remain , give directions for one to find the planet in question .
tr	NNS	The two dinosaurs were seconds away .
tr	NN	But her dwelling on this strange figure at the edge of her dream was very disturbing .
tr	NNS	There were many unpleasant expressions aimed at the Priestess .
tr	NN	" What does the senator say ? "
tr	NNS	Christina 's sobs make me feel like I am about to crack open .
tr	NN	Opening the silverware drawer was another story .
tr	NNS	The shots stopped , the drone of the rain filling the quiet .
tr	NN	The next bullet ... Murray ate . "
tr	NN	A gleam of triumph lit his eyes and those carved lips kicked up a notch .
tr	NN	That chase had certainly worn them out !
tr	NNS	Sirens sounded nearby ; the police were coming .
tr	NNS	Such scenes only played out in movies and books , not real life .
tr	NN	The ram charged him again , and Tarik dodged to one side .
tr	NN	At one point , the clatter of horse hooves pelted up the road .
tr	NN	Final y , he spoke , " Something 's wrong . "
tr	NNS	Soldiers flanked Rif as well .
tr	NNS	After twenty minutes there were twenty-two cases of NIL jammed into the drunk , back seat , and front floorboard of Jackie 's car .
tr	NNS	For some reason the characters on the page seemed dislocated and empty , devoid of all meaning .
tr	NNS	Written in cursive ink over images of the band , the contents of the letter were as follows .
tr	NNS	The captains and their crews were all in Whaley 's Pub , celebrating the end of another successful trip into the Inland Sea .
tr	NN	The electricity sent shocks through every part of her .
tr	NNS	Sadness marked his square face .
tr	NNS	His actions warmed her heart .
tr	NNS	In strained silence Agatha 's servants watched Sarah huddle in a corner .
tr	NN	The singer launched into song .
tr	NN	The first entry , in small , elegant but girlish writing , recorded that the book had been a birthday gift from her mother .
tr	NNS	Two nurses study her charts .
tr	NNS	The sound of gunfire was loud , bursts of fire streaming between the two mechanical birds .
tr	NN	Her immediate instinct was to tell him what had happened , but God knew he 'd flip out .
tr	NN	An archer 's hood with a mantel covered the shoulders of his tan linen shirt .
tr	NNS	Words spilled into erratic speech . '
tr	NNS	His taillights receded from view , and only then did the fur on Zeus 's back finally lower .
tr	NN	" Good riddance , " Jake heartily approved .
tr	NN	That video clearly shows the girl and the Black Jester are on the same side .
tr	NN	The poet found it a " very becoming thing to remove " Cronin .
tr	NN	At war among themselves , one faction had seeded fertility clinics with donated eggs in an effort to increase their numbers .
tr	NNS	Adonis knew exactly how I felt about her .
tr	NNS	My followers and I behaved as planned .
tr	NNS	Four planets have seceded from the proposed Summit and ask they no longer be considered tier worlds , hoping for neutrality in the coming conflict .
tr	NN	Just then , the cub lunges onto the doctor 's pant leg and starts climbing .
tr	NNS	White boards crashed into sails and windows with deafening crashes and shatters .
tr	NNS	There was an emptiness as she realized she could be clasping a complete stranger 's hand .
tr	NNS	My manipulation skills suck .
tr	NNS	Suddenly , his front paws hit the ground , and , with a thud , he dropped onto all fours .
tr	NNS	In his right hand , he held his heavy ax , warriors never seemed to go without .
tr	NN	Got ta make myself sound realistic and reluctant , yeah ?
tr	NNS	" Where are your groupies ? "
tr	NNS	He looked at the IV bag , the monitors mounted on a trolley , the curtains that provided privacy .
tr	NNS	Alexis walked down the hall , her demonic wings fluttering behind her .
tr	NNS	Immortals , well ... like , you , can 't be pregnant ? "
tr	NN	The injury stung , but it wouldn 't kill him , and in a couple of days , there would be nothing left except four tiny scars .
tr	NNS	Myles sat down so he could tie his laces .
tr	NN	" Part of them , " he replied .
tr	NN	His aura is taut , ticking up and down like an animal on the prowl .
tr	NNS	anchored one corner of the desk , the lands under the rule of the British empire picked out in pinkish red .
tr	NN	Only the coroner can give you a wardrobe change after death .
tr	NN	Back then , medicine was nowhere near what it is today .
tr	NNS	The two technicians locked the BMW and slid into the Jag .
tr	NN	Her goal was to reach the front of the building .
tr	NN	Only a creak in the hall broke the sudden silence .
tr	NNS	The servants hovered in visible impatience all the time , and looked rather scandalized at his stripping to the waist to wash .
tr	NN	The store 's attorney stepped to the bench .
tr	NNS	The colors multiplied and she could see nothing past them .
tr	NN	" Where 's the proof ? "
tr	NNS	But these puppets were still very dangerous .
tr	NN	Any angel would die for Tristan if need be , because without him , none of us will live .
tr	NNS	Butch 's in-laws were returning ; he 'd watched that same vehicle leave earlier with Butch 's father-in-law at the wheel .
tr	NN	The tip framed each victim 's head . "
tr	NN	The villa was in many ways a paradox .
tr	NNS	If he had been using a mind-altering substance , the aliens would have had a field day with Carl 's brain .
tr	NNS	My fears keep me away until the sun comes up and fills our room with bright sunlight .
tr	NNS	Dark wood cabinets stretched along three walls and a decorative blue tile back splash stretched between the cabinets and dark granite counter tops .
tr	NNS	Soon , fireflies would come into view , acting as mobile stars in the rice fields , and the stage would be set .
tr	NN	There was a pitcher of water and a stack of glasses on the sideboard next to the dining room table .
tr	NN	This time Gwen needed him .
tr	NN	There 's a pot to cook them in and fresh water .
tr	NNS	But the creatures were huge and grey and bristly and a cloud of acrid mist hung over each one .
tr	NN	Have you ever heard the old saying , ' No good deed goes unpunished ? ' "
tr	NN	The orange Mustang was hard to miss ... and it wasn 't there .
tr	NNS	Her motherly instincts don 't let me down .
tr	NNS	Her tentative touches and hesitant kisses combined with her earnest expression proved her a giver not a taker .
tr	NN	There 's a condition , which isn 't well understood , that researchers are calling postnatal depression .
tr	NN	Dean 's sexy chuckle almost made me float over to him .
tr	NNS	The legends are real , though it took some time for me to ﬁnd them . "
tr	NNS	Things are not looking good for Jimmy .
tr	NNS	Did the authorities really believe that Rayford Strait had destroyed Web Wonders ?
tr	NNS	His companions all recoiled in revulsion .
tr	NNS	Whenever my cell phone starts buzzing , my family members inquired me like the spy agents .
tr	NNS	Dragons were so big .
tr	NN	The unicorn picked up his jovial mood and frisked his own joy as they rode off into the broad , bright world .
tr	NNS	In a zoo , the possibilities were endless .
tr	NN	The principal ignored her , grabbing Emma 's arm in one hand and Laurel 's in the other .
tr	NNS	Emily 's sobs dissolved into sniffles .
tr	NNS	" The nurses will be alerted . "
tr	NNS	Her sobs continued with large tears rolling down her shivering , white face .
tr	NNS	The dwarves brought a cannon to put our cruiser 's shields out of commission .
tr	NNS	Then there were footsteps coming closer ... closer ... and still closer .
tr	NN	The young player was nothing less the brilliant and unfazed by the worldly distractions of the European limelight .
tr	NN	A sharp exclamation from Mrs. Voss caused Annie to look up from the tea she was pouring , spilling some of the tea into the saucer .
tr	NN	the lieutenant asked as she left the recovery area .
tr	NN	The only clearing was the river they followed south .
tr	NNS	Their mothers had been sisters .
tr	NNS	" The prints came from the direction of the emergency stairwell , not the lobby stairs .
tr	NNS	Ryan 's footsteps shuffled closer .
tr	NNS	The butterflies went crazy as I returned his smile .
tr	NN	A growl idled again in the monster 's throat .
tr	NNS	Living the life he had , there were always regrets and misgivings .
tr	NN	" At the author 's discretion . "
tr	NNS	Things like wiring , copper and other decent metals , along with working gears .
tr	NNS	The tall grasses moved and wrinkled under a wind to reveal imaginary paths that vanished with the gusts .
tr	NNS	His warriors all shrank back from him with looks of panic and revulsion on their faces .
tr	NNS	These new experiences were something I relished .
tr	NNS	The users on the Rim would do anything for a hit .
tr	NN	The blond captain shuffled along behind .
tr	NNS	the duchess said in her usual , gentle voice .
tr	NN	If the cabin loses pressure , the passenger has to open the overhead compartment himself . "
tr	NN	" A pot of coffee and whatever Mrs. Beale might have handy . "
tr	NN	My belly fluttered some more and the ache between my legs got stronger .
tr	NN	The sudden agony was a jolt that charged him with adrenaline and he was awakened from the illusion that the meadow was somehow free of pain .
tr	NNS	The men 's flashlights swung wildly under the canopy of trees creating a show that reminded Case of college dorm parties and dancing to black light .
tr	NNS	Things had been going wrong so consistently that seeming premonitions tugged at his mind .
tr	NN	If we were back in the east , a damnable dragon might explain the missing Foam Wolf , but not here in the west .
tr	NNS	" What was the concern downstairs ? "
tr	NNS	The three androids glanced up , momentarily moving their attention from the TV screen to him .
tr	NNS	Heavy drops slipped down his face one at a time .
tr	NN	Part of her wanted to get up and run before Paul came back and finished the job .
tr	NNS	Well , pompous was the word .
tr	NN	The store owner 's assessment soon put a damper on that , though .
tr	NN	Shannon 's first inclination was to follow but for some reason she held back .
tr	NNS	" And as you can read all human minds , these minds must belong to creatures who are in some way not human .
tr	NNS	The attendants sat in the supply cart with Edmund , keeping bows and quivers within reach and setting up shields to create a barrier around them .
tr	NNS	Images fresh in her mind bombarded her .
tr	NN	The switchboard operator angered him further by admitting she 'd accidently cut the caller off .
tr	NN	The shield flared with a bright flame then fell like ornate slag to the floorboards .
tr	NNS	Wet footprints leave an obvious track from the entrance .
tr	NN	The eye pencil did emphasize my eyes , which wasn 't a bad thing .
tr	NN	His nonchalance startled me .
tr	NNS	Things were so slow ... Cain grabbed the collar of her jacket to pull her to her feet .
tr	NN	Nausea ebbed toward him , but he held it off .
tr	NNS	Reyes closed his eyes .
tr	NN	" I awarded her accordingly , " the sage admitted .
tr	NNS	Maybe the planets had aligned and he was going to tell her something .
tr	NNS	There were some paintings hanging on the walls matching the other decorative items in the house .
tr	NN	Isabella 's defense of your investigational talents is definitely proving to be an asset .
tr	NNS	Its churning blades whipped all of us into disarray .
tr	NN	A soft pulse thuds in my ears and boost my hopes that someone has survived .
tr	NNS	My hopes , my dreams , and my life all smashed with it .
tr	NNS	And not only did the freaks dress up , but they brought props , and danced to the " Time Warp . "
tr	NNS	Only sentimental idiots like his brother bothered with such foolishness .
tr	NN	Her grandmother had been an inspiration and a role model for her since she was little .
tr	NN	His kindness touched her a lot more than she wanted it to .
tr	NN	Greg 's preoccupation with societal backlash was endearing , but sometimes it made him hard to work with .
tr	NNS	The blood hounds of hell had caught his sent and that gave Mike a less then zero percent chance of Garcia losing the trail .
tr	NNS	The rats suddenly stopped attacking and began to retreat .
tr	NN	Their immediate supervisor is Oliver Castle .
tr	NNS	The uniforms left immediately , followed by Ortega .
tr	NN	" I didn , t catch on at first that I couldn , t die .
tr	NNS	With bigger success came more drugs , more women , more more .
tr	NNS	There were no more whispers , no nights with His presence in my branches , no talk of starlight , no sighs .
tr	NN	" The infection spread to his brain .
tr	NNS	Their frantic attempts to spread what they thought were the true gospels of God were pathetically human in all its arrogance .
tr	NNS	Things had never been the same since then , and , though I never thought about it directly , I hated the results of my cowardice .
tr	NN	" Yes , a shield will work .
tr	NNS	Your fans might not think you 're so pretty with half your face blown off . "
tr	NNS	More fights broke out as people scurried about .
tr	NN	The priest peered anxiously at the gaping , bloody lacerations .
tr	NN	In the mirror , a reflection stared back at her .
tr	NNS	Others were short and round with brilliant orange fur and long bushy tails .
tr	NN	The mayor was back .
tr	NNS	To my surprise , the grains of sand twinkled .
tr	NN	The archangel didn 't look any too pleased .
tr	NNS	Things here seem to glow with their own light .
tr	NN	" How was the bar exam ? "
tr	NNS	" My apologies , " a warm voice spoke .
tr	NNS	The outer civilized trappings were so deceptive .
tr	NNS	Reyes caught Angelica against his side , then levitated swiftly after him .
tr	NNS	Images of that bleak terrain refused to fade .
tr	NN	Austin 's bullet hadn 't hit Noah .
tr	NNS	" However , witnesses report that an unidentified woman bought a last-minute ticket on the flight ... " Panic seizes hold of me .
tr	NNS	Erebus is the god of darkness .
tr	NN	The majority will consider it a passing amusement and go on with their lives .
tr	NN	The receptionist was summarizing the hotel 's amenities to two guests .
tr	NN	There was a plastics division in Mexico that the company wanted to unload for $ 200 million .
tr	NNS	Things here that shouldn 't be alive , and we 're the food for them . "
tr	NNS	Brilliant colors flashed through the luminescent haze of the gigantic tail , trailing off for over one hundred and sixty million kilometers into the immense cosmic background .
tr	NN	The bookmarked page is WebMD and I worry again about her cramping .
tr	NNS	When it cleared , there were thousands of rats all about him and he moved without thinking .
tr	NNS	The hobbits wheeled round towards it , and cast themselves down , holding their hands upon their ears .
tr	NNS	Marius had been adamant about training her as much as possible before the group left for the medical center early the next morning .
tr	NN	A blush crept across my skin .
tr	NNS	Reyes paced the floor , his anger building with each step he took .
tr	NNS	Her nostrils flared as she tested the air in the hive and apparently found it suitable .
tr	NNS	And , Miss Moore I must tell you , your skills are impressive .
tr	NNS	Lots of people looked at her .
tr	NN	Only Track No. 3 , and its platform , throbbed with the tragic poetry of departure .
tr	NN	The receptionist handed her a message that Francesca wanted to chat about the upcoming ANS special that would bring her together with her famous father .
tr	NN	Part of the wall feels like rusty iron with large bolts .
tr	NNS	Things weren 't looking good .
tr	NN	Love was neither of those things .
tr	NN	" You 're right about one thing , only a madman would allow children to be slaughtered at the hands of the elite .
tr	NN	" My honor is one of the only things I have left to give freely , and I don 't give it lightly . "
tr	NN	The trumpets sounded , calling the warriors to the field .
tr	NN	Every description contained or ended with a variation of the following : " Jaipur .
tr	NN	Ghost sat down on her ass .
tr	NNS	The bunk 's thin straw mattress was little comfort , but better than the cold stone floor of a pitch-black cell .
tr	NN	The soil on the far side of the river was not a great deal better than the scrubby wasteland through which they had just passed .
tr	NNS	Hands caught him by the shoulders , kept him from falling .
tr	NN	" The snake is dead ? "
tr	NNS	Four pairs of eyes drilled holes into his body .
tr	NN	The puppet ran away from the scene faster than either Kendra or Seth had seen him run before .
tr	NNS	Girls came from all directions to crowd around Josh .
tr	NN	An entrancing doll house stood in one corner near the bow window , a television set in the other .
tr	NNS	Holly 's footsteps padded closer .
tr	NN	' Th ' celebration 's likely t ' go on an ' on an ' be very noisy , don 't y ' know . '
tr	NN	" Each staircase leads to a different level .
tr	NN	the healer inquired gently as she began to splash the treated water over Helen 's back . .
tr	NNS	5 Sleep didn 't come that night .
tr	NN	" It only happens to a deity , " explained the mermaid , " on the land or sea .
tr	NNS	" What are my chances ? "
tr	NN	" The footman mentioned two men slept in the room .
tr	NN	Their foul lord hissed in agony and jumped straight into the air .
tr	NN	" Guess bourbon isn 't your drink either . "
tr	NNS	Shocked chills wracked my body , and I remained huddled in bed for a long time , arms protecting my sore bruised chest .
tr	NN	Richard 's hulking mass approached her .
tr	NNS	Two little wolves were standing heavily on his chest , beating on him with their oversized paws .
tr	NNS	" You fellas need to come and eat this before it 's food for the buzzards ! "
tr	NN	The parish just covered it up . "
tr	NNS	There were other characters between the numbers .
tr	NNS	Alexis looked up at Walter .
tr	NNS	Guns at the ready , the squad fanned out .
tr	NN	" The manure , " she said .
tr	NN	They plop a busted body one on top of the other , an entire family unit resides within these walls .
tr	NN	" Yes , but the sun is still painful , " the priest admitted , and touched the hood of his cassock .
tr	NNS	The vamps are out there . "
tr	NNS	And even though nothing had happened between us that night , my grandparents looked at me a little differently from then on .
tr	NNS	My memory banks have aged beyond repair . "
tr	NNS	Such experiences , he held , lead first to despair and eventually to religious revelation and faith .
tr	NNS	Others whispered among themselves , and one woman glared at me pointedly .
tr	NNS	Alexis stared that the badge on the floor .
tr	NN	The banjo player gave him a little nod .
tr	NN	The recorder ran out and clicked off , and I gave Brodie a concerned look .
tr	NN	Izzy real y didn 't know .
tr	NNS	" The factions are evil .
tr	NN	My supervisor is off .
tr	NN	His reflection already looked different .
tr	NNS	The characters , circumstances , and dialogue are products of the author 's imagination .
tr	NN	Then , when the boat with the girls and children found itself at the peak of a huge wave , a crocodile appeared .
tr	NN	When I entered the skimmer , the opulence overwhelmed me .
tr	NNS	All the docking ports of Ryan 's spacecraft had their outer hatches flush with the outer skin of the craft until extended .
tr	NN	The vivid paint of the past had flaked away , and the bulbs adorning their exteriors had been shattered .
tr	NNS	The colors were still the same .
tr	NN	The intriguing dimple that came and went .
tr	NN	the captain continued angrily .
tr	NNS	His footsteps had grown less decisive .
tr	NNS	Animals that had disappeared during the cold returned to take advantage of the long days and abundant food supply .
tr	NN	Jake 's aura had turned a dark purple , and Ellie sensed nothing but sadness and regret from him .
tr	NN	There was a puff of red smoke and a robot butler walked out of the tube .
tr	NN	But I don 't know for sure , " replied the captain .
tr	NNS	Reyes , come back .
tr	NNS	The teachers , and maybe even the cops . "
tr	NNS	The two wolves were very young , and in wolf form .
tr	NN	The attorney waited patiently , but she didn 't trust her voice .
tr	NNS	Our seats were high in the large , steep auditorium .
tr	NN	The disgust in Ben 's voice was somewhat justified , and that made me hate him even more .
tr	NNS	Things sometimes get blurry when I go to that place . "
tr	NN	To his credit , the elder made a thorough visual inspection , taking in the knives on my thighs and the way I stood .
tr	NN	Though he felt generally secure and able to deal with the rough patch , uncertainty felt close at hand .
tr	NNS	Rufus doesn 't want your reputation smeared all over Manhattan , and mine with it . "
tr	NN	This madness was going to stop here and now .
tr	NN	Eventually , the small divide between Reece and his parents turned into a chasm .
tr	NNS	Under my sensitised fingertips minor plaster variations became mountains , canyons .
tr	NN	" The soup 's homemade .
tr	NN	A new trident , freshly sharpened and gleaming under the light of the fire , sits on the table .
tr	NNS	The passengers then noticed an abrupt change in trim and a much more rapid forward motion .
tr	NNS	My cousins were expecting us , but we needed some time to ourselves .
tr	NNS	Because it was so last minute , the G5 band members , themselves , didn 't have time to run through the songs with the trio .
tr	NN	The sculpture looked down upon a tall stone pedestal with a splayed top .
tr	NNS	" The zero suppress will be intermittent , " he said , " but we 'll still get only the significant digits at the readout . "
tr	NNS	Strange creatures dug out of the smooth ground ; they were averaged height creatures and roughly dressed in ragged shorts .
tr	NN	Her honesty and openness made her even more beautiful and this was both attractive and unnerving .
tr	NN	The pain medication had worn off .
tr	NNS	Cars rippled like waves on and off the road .
tr	NNS	" How many fans watch the Panthers ? "
tr	NNS	The pirates have already realized their mistake and are trying to get about , but it 's too late .
tr	NN	The studio is not going to renew your contract . "
tr	NN	" Well , the armour would be shining if it wasn 't ... " " Black ?
tr	NN	His pleading tore at my heart .
tr	NN	Love raised his eyebrows in query .
tr	NNS	Her shyness was already starting to melt away , just as he had expected it would .
tr	NN	The whole sequence of events was mind boggling !
tr	NNS	Others ... must be eradicated . "
tr	NN	My first instinct was to talk logic to her in an effort to prolong our Arrangement .
tr	NNS	CHAPTER TEN BY THE TIME ANDRE returned with Tasha , preparations for the wedding were well underway .
tr	NN	My chuckle was void of all humor .
tr	NN	Looking up the trail the clearing came into view .
tr	NNS	But there was a new mattress on the bed in her room , new linens .
tr	NN	The argument Sheree saw coming died on her mother 's lips when Dr. Carlson entered the room .
tr	NN	The bleating goat tied to the stake .
tr	NNS	" My sales have doubled .
tr	NN	The theory was that if a little was good , then a lot would be much better , right ?
tr	NNS	The ramifications of letting me go began to sink in .
tr	NN	My stupidity isn 't the baby 's fault . "
tr	NN	A stag stood ten yards away , feeding on bark .
tr	NN	The clientele were mostly elderly and engaging themselves in relaxed , considered conversation .
tr	NN	The honeymoon had been a gift from Billy and Pat Mills , who had come to love Cathy as much as I did .
tr	NN	The healer must have told him everything !
tr	NN	There was inherent sensuality in every look , every movement .
tr	NNS	Besides , drinks are on me tonight . "
tr	NNS	Their footsteps started down the stairs toward the singing .
tr	NN	A dune suddenly collapsed over the gangway .
tr	NNS	Others in your place would not have been so .
tr	NN	Her belly forced unnaturally out by a speedy and out of season pregnancy .
tr	NNS	Two icy wind tunnels shot from her palms , consuming all four men .
tr	NN	My resolve flags , cracking like glass under too much pressure , but I ruthlessly quell it , forcing the weakness back to be agonized over later .
tr	NNS	Barnabas smiled evilly , " Excellent .
tr	NN	As far as I can see there 's only one snag .
tr	NNS	The tightness in her throat made it almost impossible to talk .
tr	NN	Her gown hit the floor with a silent whoosh .
tr	NN	If I freed my wolf , the whole yard would go ballistic and we would likely die .
tr	NN	He sat up sharply on both elbows , the duvet slipped down exposing his bare chest .
tr	NN	And now that chick was here , screwing up his life even more .
tr	NNS	There were pilgrims everywhere , on their blankets in every room , and people running here and there with jugs , and plenty of dust already .
tr	NNS	" Because some people see you as a threat , those council members are not your allies .
tr	NNS	Parts of him , they devoured raw , blood smearing their monstrous fangs , and then they dragged me on .
tr	NNS	At least this way the deaths are predictable and you get a chance to say good-bye . "
tr	NN	In its place hatred and disgust was forming .
tr	NNS	The locks didn 't look terribly challenging to open .
tr	NNS	Dead rats weren 't really my thing , either .
tr	NNS	" And in the town , cells don 't work .
tr	NN	Thankfully my defense shield kept my bones from breaking , but everything still hurt like heck nonetheless .
tr	NN	The sergeant came out , " Nothing , Major . "
tr	NN	" Where 's the scar from the first time my mother hurt me ?
tr	NN	" What does last resort mean ? "
tr	NNS	His eyelids slowly lifted and he shook his head .
tr	NNS	Light footsteps sounded , and he shuttered his eyes .
tr	NNS	" Sorry , ladies , " Seth said .
tr	NN	" The idiot in the apartment above mine is having renovations done .
tr	NNS	Apparently my hopes of being a professional football player were juvenile .
tr	NN	" Love is an action , not a word . "
tr	NN	A sob choked his throat ; he could hardly breathe through the constriction in his chest .
tr	NNS	I didn 't quite know how I felt about that , there were too many unresolved differences .
tr	NN	The receptionist looked up at me .
tr	NN	The dwarf gave me a hopeful smile , then pushed through the double doors and went into the back of the restaurant .
tr	NNS	Parts of those departments still funded under a much reduced national budget would be in one remaining Interior Department .
tr	NNS	Never that hot , no matter what the movies say . "
tr	NN	A dirty bronze plaque named the person whose body was inside the casket .
tr	NN	A wide balcony beckoned .
tr	NNS	For Tom , Laurel and thousands of white folk , the tens of thousands of Negros migrating into Los Angeles was an outrage .
tr	NNS	The leaders of the Accord appeared , seated at the fore and the president-elect was front and center among them -- the crown jewel of New Eden .
tr	NNS	Those muffled , mewling sobs of fear broke her heart and made her want to tear the monsters who had kidnapped Sammy apart with her bare hands .
tr	NNS	There were no streetlights , just the brilliant stars overhead .
tr	NN	" The pigeon came in from Ko a few moments ago .
tr	NNS	" My wrists are the worst of my injuries .
tr	NNS	A dashing footsteps suddenly broke their conversation .
tr	NN	The fitting gave and he staggered backwards .
tr	NN	Every instinct insisted that I lift my chin a fraction of an inch to meet his lips , but I couldn 't move .
tr	NN	The large owl landed on a tree above the path leading to the cove several yards from them .
tr	NN	His success at locating it had renewed his faith in himself , and in his training .
tr	NNS	Others said that he had sprung out of the mountain .
tr	NN	Her pulse was pounding .
tr	NN	I estimate four hours , " the pilot replied .
tr	NN	The slit where his mouth might have been puckered a little and I imagined that to be a wry smile .
tr	NNS	Rapid footsteps coming up behind me caught my attention , and I spun around .
tr	NNS	The images disappeared entirely .
tr	NNS	Both ladies grabbed their purses and raced hand-in-hand toward the door .
tr	NNS	The other documents should prove you are in no way pressured to make the best of it for anybody else 's sake but yours . "
tr	NNS	At Madame 's apartments , both halves of the tall carved entry doors swung open .
tr	NNS	The chains struggled to get loose to reach the light , the small sliver of hope , but to no avail .
tr	NNS	The Old Man taps jack on the shoulder .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of the worst kind infiltrated her mind .
tr	NNS	Templars don 't seem to like anyone .
tr	NN	History and grad school could come later .
tr	NNS	Above the gates was a single iron screen covering the whole width of the alley and extending twenty feet in the air .
tr	NNS	Images of the murder and the chase invaded my mind and caused me to jump as I slept .
tr	NNS	There were no signs of life in either .
tr	NN	Eventually a teacher saw what was happening and ran over to separate the flailing mass of arms and legs .
tr	NN	The challenge had eaten into Jack 's soul .
tr	NN	The sheriff hasn 't told anyone I 'm here yet , so you don 't have to worry about that .
tr	NN	Their caller , apparently privy to confidential information , said , " It was not ' the brothers ' .
tr	NN	The acknowledgment made her a bit sad .
tr	NNS	Things were different now .
tr	NNS	The blades cut through the front of the board and it veered away , wobbling dangerously with red smoke belting out from the gaping hole .
tr	NNS	No sexual differences exist among them .
tr	NNS	Security cameras show that she never left the house .
tr	NNS	Looks like it breaks down by method .
tr	NNS	And your lady skills - three times you 've visited a cat house in the past week ?
tr	NNS	Far beyond , cliffs and spires of the familiar green rock rose against the dark blue sky .
tr	NNS	Flames licked higher in a circle around the burning craft .
tr	NNS	What are the long-term ramifications of making any change , or not making it ?
tr	NNS	Suddenly his screens crackle with static and his gunship begins to shake .
tr	NNS	Your competitors don 't want you to finish development , or even talk about it . "
tr	NN	But the automobile was still there , her automobile , her freedom .
tr	NNS	Things were spiraling out of control , and now she was scared .
tr	NN	His prison was now his sanctuary .
tr	NNS	Things were all over the place .
tr	NNS	New ideas needed a running jump to get into the old rat 's head .
tr	NNS	' How would you idiots know , you 're never in my ward ? '
tr	NNS	Their plays have no second acts and neither have their lives .
tr	NN	The primal shriek of death pouring down the back of her neck as she cannot avert her eyes .
tr	NN	* * * * * Naked on their bed of pine needles , Callum on his back , Sonia on top of him , his mate moved .
tr	NNS	Curved blades stuck out from the wheels , promising mangled legs to any horse or man who got close enough .
tr	NN	Of course there was a spark .
tr	NN	The next roar was definitely nearer .
tr	NN	The early dawn emerged to succumb to the sun 's arrival .
tr	NN	The little zing that went through me when she looked up at me with those big green eyes .
tr	NN	Your privilege at last comes to serve the lion , to kill and die on its behalf !
tr	NNS	The wolves watched from a safe distance , nervous and anxious , pacing back and forth until we finished eating and put out the fire .
tr	NNS	Even my grandparents were dancing , as best as four very old people could .
tr	NNS	Things that didn 't kill you could leave you maimed , or deaf and blind , or just plain crazy .
tr	NN	With a brief twitch of its wings the hawk had recovered .
tr	NNS	So the pirates found a new lease of life .
tr	NN	Before we can argue further , a page approaches .
tr	NN	The challenge is to find the box with the heart in it . "
tr	NNS	Others show me their badges as they explain about them .
tr	NNS	His ancestors had been victims of a holocaust .
tr	NN	But message exchange concludes in this linearity .
tr	NNS	Kizzy asked , startled and strangely guilty , as if he 'd caught her hoarding the whispers of the ghosts to herself .
tr	NN	Jazz groaned , tried to sit up and stayed flat for a few more minutes , gathering strength .
tr	NNS	Our other kisses were so passionate and unyielding I felt like I was being consumed by them , but this one I held on to .
tr	NN	One big plaintiff 's verdict , and the floodgates open . "
tr	NN	" The popular legend has remained three , yes , but in fact there have always been four .
tr	NN	A second jaguar , the one Jasmine had identified as Sergio , hit Solange from behind , where he 'd stalked her , unseen and unheard .
tr	NNS	Looks to me like you left the best part of your brains back in boot camp Jerry . "
tr	NN	Maybe the murderer had walked from somewhere , or had been dropped off by a taxi , just as Emma had been the following day .
tr	NN	Slowly , the chant changed in tone .
tr	NNS	" Perhaps , but the changes in him lately have been the most encouraging things so far .
tr	NNS	Looks like he has a crush but he ´ s too man to admit it .
tr	NN	But the gag prevented me -- I called , how I begged !
tr	NN	There was a break-in when we were out .
tr	NNS	The creatures simply surged forward , being torn apart , until Murphy 's gun clicked empty .
tr	NN	There are gentry who have been raiding our world for food and supplies . "
tr	NNS	The winds were strong and steady , but they weren 't yet unpredictable .
tr	NNS	Looks like my night will be free of annoyance .
tr	NNS	Their spies will let them know where your army is gathered .
tr	NNS	Their deaths left behind a skinny little girl whose worth was insignificant to him .
tr	NN	What 's the favor ? "
tr	NN	The mausoleum looked creepy , even to a vampire .
tr	NNS	" These necklaces , like all gifted Light Stones , were powerful .
tr	NN	In which case the tail would fail at the first hurdle .
tr	NNS	The voice was even and flat , the sentences trailing away on a dead note .
tr	NNS	Countless cherry blossom petals were flying all around her like rain .
tr	NN	A sob ripped from my throat .
tr	NN	" One doesn 't need to hire me , you must understand , " said the boy haughtily .
tr	NN	The crash of the bottle hitting the door and the shatter of glass made her jump , but not as much as she thought she would .
tr	NNS	His judgments swirled in a maelstrom of panic .
tr	NN	What real y matters is where people think Damon is , " Samuel said , a smal smile playing on his lips .
tr	NNS	Then the elves turned towards the Forest , and Bilbo started on his long road home .
tr	NNS	Especially since you and your ... siblings started to pop up in the picture . "
tr	NN	The Book of the Dead had neutralized all the other spells .
tr	NNS	Now riding the high swells , my sails are unfurling to fly across oceans to the white waters ' ending .
tr	NNS	The wild winds were dying down .
tr	NN	Part of her wanted to rush to the mission and find his body , to take him home to rest in peace .
tr	NNS	In defense , the pirates pull out their swords concealing their pistols for later , if needed .
tr	NNS	There were daggers in his hands .
tr	NN	A short brunette stood a few yards away , next to the long buffet table that had been set up for the reception .
tr	NN	The dean looked at him calmly .
tr	NNS	Only the torches they carry have shown any fire .
tr	NN	The suitcase was flipping off my efforts .
tr	NN	His waxed moustache twitched with obvious disdain .
tr	NN	" A protein that 's a mirror image of what I engineered .
tr	NNS	Their highest aspirations are to find favor in my sight .
tr	NN	" What did your uncle say ? "
tr	NNS	Animals rounded up in background .
tr	NN	A red dragon , big and beautiful , walked toward him .
tr	NNS	Lots of wall sex , and I think we should start now . "
tr	NN	And now that he knew he had an eternity to be with her , to taste and love her , his hunger seemed to ease .
tr	NN	There was a pulse of purple light , and her huge sword flicked straight up into the air .
tr	NN	The sunlight streaming through the leaves caught in his red hair , making it glow like an ember .
tr	NNS	Again the cells stops then starts all over again .
tr	NNS	His footsteps from the previous week were still undisturbed on the floorboards .
tr	NN	The bombshell took the long way around so she could pass by the guys ' table .
tr	NNS	Dangerous Beans sniffed the air .
tr	NN	" A penny for your thoughts , " said the big cat voice in the darkness .
tr	NN	There 's terrible guilt as I wonder if anyone has found Nurse Kell yet .
tr	NNS	The screens were missing .
tr	NN	Only way ta convince ' er otherwise is ta show ' er she 's not .
tr	NN	The stagecoach driver loudly munched away as all eyes stayed on him .
tr	NNS	On the opposite side of the road were acres of land with decorative gardens .
tr	NN	" What is The Ancient Line ? "
tr	NN	The clothing was enough to transport Wil from the West to the East for a moment , and connectedness with the Balinese people .
tr	NNS	Demetrius hadn 't allowed the police to take him .
tr	NNS	Nurse Greene 's footsteps raced away and disappeared behind the swoosh of the door .
tr	NN	Lust was as much a driver as fresh blood and Caden , being in his early twenties , was definitely no shy schoolboy .
tr	NN	" If you ask me , this instrument panel looks like it 's for flying , and this room looks like a flight deck . "
tr	NNS	Lights blazed inside , but no crewmen were visible on the tarmac .
tr	NN	My photograph has given me hope , and I will doggedly cast my last coin in its wishing well .
tr	NN	Even his garb was anything but military .
tr	NNS	The healers said it should heal in a week or so , and it shouldn 't leave much of a scar . "
tr	NN	There was more milk than flakes .
tr	NNS	" The nurses may not let you stay , you understand , since it 's after visiting hours . "
tr	NN	And now , Hattie 's granddaughter , who shares her moniker , is a Spectator herself , and we 've yet to regenerate poor Kara and Richard .
tr	NN	My government is putting new laws into effect , subject to parliamentary approval .
tr	NN	With a sound like a million swarming insects , the drill revved up , spinning so fast it became white hot .
tr	NNS	Officials are instructing residents to stay away from the area until further notice . "
tr	NN	The Other Side When all PCs are on the far side you can describe their predicament to them .
tr	NN	Upon hearing this , the Prosecutor flinched , feigning surprise , then addressed the Presiding Officer under the pretense of providing a clarification of Tobias ' response .
tr	NNS	More detailed descriptions of the rituals for prayer derive from the example set by the prophet Muhammad himself as preserved in Islamic traditions .
tr	NN	The divorce had taken a heavy toll .
tr	NN	Her demand unleashed molten lust .
tr	NNS	There were thick dark spots spreading up from her calf , invading her muscles and multiplying at a rapid rate .
tr	NN	Great organization and they 're ready to roll , pal .
tr	NN	" To answer your second ridiculous question , " said the redhead , " of course I know I 'm naked .
tr	NNS	Looks to be about three days out .
tr	NNS	" Three generations , " Duncan said proudly .
tr	NNS	Then the supporting actors and featured stars make their way , one by one , to the front of the stage .
tr	NNS	There were bits she couldn 't understand .
tr	NN	A second archway on the far side of the chamber appeared to be the only way out .
tr	NN	Part of the problem was the sheer scale of the task .
tr	NN	A chorus of whoops came from the back of the room as she left , all teasing Mac about his new girlfriend .
tr	NN	... How you ever - " There was a large pot on one of the front burners of the lefthand stove .
tr	NN	The pilot walked down to the aisle toward Henry and Abe .
tr	NN	The gunky white liquid dripped from barely formed feet .
tr	NNS	Folks around town asked him to tell and retell those stories , never seemed to grow tired of them .
tr	NN	A shelf dropped off of the wall behind him , its contents clattering to the ground .
tr	NN	What secret agenda directs him now ?
tr	NN	There was a click as all doors sealed shut in unison .
tr	NN	Thinking of his grandmother for more than two minutes seemed to set him to rights again .
tr	NNS	As I got older my hunting skills improved , slightly .
tr	NN	' Sorry darling , it 's just ... look , this is London . '
tr	NNS	" Two bits , " said the boy , poking at his broken front teeth with a sliver of wood .
tr	NNS	The more superstitious thought it should be dropped into the Atlantic depths where it could never be found again .
tr	NN	Her insanity just happened to align with reality .
tr	NNS	" After all , werewolves are human most of the time .
tr	NNS	Gabe 's nostrils flared , and he locked his eyes on me .
tr	NN	But his flashlight had caught reddish brown stains on the roadside just as the road made a sharp curve .
tr	NN	However , his sneaky manner and covert actions made his guilty plea plausible .
tr	NNS	The invaders crossed into our territory at that point . "
tr	NNS	Adoptive situations could be equally contaminating .
tr	NN	The greedy addict in me wants just one more moment before I give it all up .
tr	NN	An old but amusing trick that had always entertained him , Toby found it odd that things like this could at times be remembered instinctively .
tr	NNS	The colors represent each noble house .
tr	NNS	Dragons crept out of the volcano enclosing Brother George .
tr	NN	There was no script .
tr	NN	The stocky secret service agent again bore Jacy 's luggage for her .
tr	NN	The captain said , " My dad would never let me go out with Captain Pappas after that .
tr	NN	Her poverty compelled her to find something better .
tr	NNS	Skulls slowly led the team behind a large chunk of rubble , in the back of the ruined structure .
tr	NN	Thinking about it now made my eyes tear up .
tr	NN	Could the icon walk off or just plain disappear ?
tr	NNS	Jagged blades of stone seemed to grow through the structure jutting out like thorn vines .
tr	NNS	Any second my pursuers might race forward , trapping me and presumably Eva and Jacob , within the walls of the place .
tr	NNS	Things might go down the way he hoped , they might not , but he believed in protecting himself .
tr	NNS	His effects do not reflect his cause .
tr	NNS	The twins tried never to associate with her .
tr	NNS	And spies are everywhere .
tr	NN	Through the ball his master commanded the scope to turn with the sky .
tr	NNS	Looks like you need it . "
tr	NN	There is sympathy in his eyes and I hate that .
tr	NN	The concept of children with her muted him .
tr	NN	The natural inclination is to say " It wasn 't me . "
tr	NNS	The rats looked over the beam again .
tr	NN	Immediately firing back into Dalton and his crowd .
tr	NN	A curious scar ran down one side of his head and most of one ear was missing .
tr	NNS	Reyes cleared his throat .
tr	NNS	Myles couldn 't hold out any longer , no matter how reluctant he was to start his day after another short night .
tr	NNS	Prior to arriving at the meeting , the President and other leaders had been discussing the status of the underground bunker systems .
tr	NNS	Three cats slept on the couch 's back while one rested on its arm .
tr	NNS	The deep mattress felt ready to embrace him .
tr	NN	The yard , where the prisoner had died earlier , was acting as their salvation , as the intruders were hesitant to advance across its open expanse .
tr	NNS	His chances weren 't good ; he was at least two miles from shore , probably closer to three .
tr	NN	Then found the condom buried in there .
tr	NN	Every limb ... every thought ... lapped in lead .
tr	NN	" This agent said there are great opportunities for hard working men there .
tr	NNS	SUVs and trucks were large .
tr	NN	" We are really moving forward with global communications at the moment , " the vice admiral said .
tr	NNS	Folks carrying all manner of boxes and bags were entering .
tr	NN	" Just like you like it , darling , " she said , winking at me .
tr	NN	' The wires go down to the Barrier Control Building , ' another deputy chipped in .
tr	NNS	" The crows 'll have them soon enough . "
tr	NNS	Things he 'd believed true were simply wrong , and he was struggling to adjust to the new data .
tr	NN	The growls coming from his chest made me think he was part wolf .
tr	NN	" Fucking Jacobin buggers , " the sergeant said gloomily .
tr	NNS	Your colors are my heart .
tr	NNS	Looks like she finally found her long-lost prince . "
tr	NN	Within ten minutes , the hotel van appeared to drive them back .
tr	NNS	The one Phyllis sent me .
tr	NNS	The inked designs continued down one half of his body , but now she could see the shapes better .
tr	NN	Make an example of me , your highness , that wil cause other evildoers to tremble .
tr	NNS	The hits keep coming , and she keeps hurting .
tr	NNS	" Well , my associates here are some of the visitors you may have heard about on the news . "
tr	NN	The bleak monthly assessment begins .
tr	NNS	' Those bloody idiots that had Ray 's paperwork were outside the lodge ; god knows what they were up to or what they know ' .
tr	NNS	Squires checked his wristwatch , " Give ' em another half hour .
tr	NNS	A few drops of cum moistened the tip and he groaned .
tr	NNS	Could these creatures understand us that well ? "
tr	NN	The countryside was still too chaotic , and the food here too new .
tr	NNS	Several more dusty roads led to taller , rounder buildings on the left and right .
tr	NNS	The twelve members would hear requests to join the UAS .
tr	NNS	Afternoon classes were miserable for Fintan .
tr	NNS	The facts did not exactly support that assumption .
tr	NNS	The twins never lock their doors .
tr	NNS	Looks like bringing them was a good choice .
tr	NN	A faint flutter of dismay moves in my breast , but hopefully the foolish bird will be long gone by now .
tr	NNS	Her worst fears came true when they stepped out of the station and walked straight into Priscilla .
tr	NN	Dirt and apples tumbled away as a huge gnarled face pushed itself up from the grass , glaring at us with glowing yellow eyes .
tr	NNS	Twenty-six hours after they said I do , the media found Samantha and Blake as they disembarked from Blake 's jet .
tr	NNS	Maks took both children to a cabin west of Yekaterinburg .
tr	NN	Only an idiot would willingly give up that kind of pleasure .
tr	NN	The timbre of his voice vibrated her senses .
tr	NNS	Upstairs in their room , Derek undressed , then sat on the bed .
tr	NNS	( Just being formal ) " he slid out of the side of his mouth to Mellow . "
tr	NNS	" Our efforts to isolate it have been useless .
tr	NN	The hustle and bustle along the narrow street surprised me .
tr	NNS	Others are more transitory .
tr	NN	Her algebra teacher suspected her of cheating somehow , but he was never able to substantiate his suspicions .
tr	NN	The dragon opened her eyes in surprise .
tr	NNS	Max 's glucose levels were fine ; he was sleeping soundly .
tr	NNS	Those instincts were dead , and I was calm as my wet fingers slid up the tiled wall , groping for a light switch .
tr	NN	But instinct won out .
tr	NNS	With that agreement , the ladies started jotting down a detailed plan of action .
tr	NNS	There are no trails ... .
tr	NN	Their mommy being a little girl was a concept that was just too unbelievable .
tr	NNS	The risks got bigger as he moved up the ladder in the criminal organization in which he was a part .
tr	NNS	" Faint aromas of shoe leather mixed with lightly toasted tar .
tr	NNS	Its scales once a fine blue now were rotted as wisps of eerie green smoke rose from it .
tr	NNS	Chills raced down my spine .
tr	NNS	All five bridesmaids completed their line-up on the bride 's side .
tr	NN	" What is the status of the target ? "
tr	NNS	Most kings ' reigns only last for anywhere between three to thirty years tops , but he created a peaceful kingdom .
tr	NN	Reality tore in front of him like a plastic bag pulled apart .
tr	NNS	The Officials lay , kneel , and sit on the floor , scrabbling for their weapons , none of which are functional for some reason .
tr	NN	There was a noose around his neck and the rope led back out of my window and was attached to a chair that was right outside .
tr	NNS	" Things have changed since then .
tr	NNS	" Our ancestors were shoemakers , but we 've learned to sew a few other things , as well .
tr	NNS	Things I shouldn 't have .
tr	NN	Seizing the reins , the captain glared around him at his troops .
tr	NNS	When money becomes an obsession , there is an emptiness that seeps into you like a poison .
tr	NNS	Instead of execution , the pirates had chosen twenty lashes with the cat o ' nine tails .
tr	NNS	" In cells like this ? "
tr	NNS	Curious as to how far he would take this , she sank back , even arched into the flow .
tr	NNS	Eleven inches was common .
tr	NNS	" Things like what ? "
tr	NNS	Words were so pointless in their situation .
tr	NN	" Ok , ok , you got it .
tr	NN	The captain became quiet for a time too .
tr	NN	The bastard was Dugin 's informant !
tr	NN	" No , but the Vessel means everything .
tr	NN	Song stood and held her hand in the air with her palm cupped upward .
tr	NN	" So , the good colonel 's interested .
tr	NN	The intruder made a quick feint forward and then pulled his arm back , side stepping the powerful swing of the bat .
tr	NN	My adrenaline began to dissipate , naturally reacting to the feeling that there was no immediate danger , from him at least .
tr	NN	the onboard EMT yelled over the pounding helicopter blades .
tr	NNS	The Captain 's quarters were small , with a single bed raised up and storage below .
tr	NN	This entire kidnapping takes on a whole new meaning , my friend . "
tr	NNS	The wind sprites probably didn 't want to come too close to him to put him into a long sleep .
tr	NN	The absence of light was complete ; he could only sense the presence of the older man beside him as the traveled through the dark void .
tr	NNS	But there are Others .
tr	NNS	The huts disappeared and she was back in the warm corridor .
tr	NNS	There wasn 't the usual murmurs and excited talks of the morning .
tr	NNS	" Who are you strange warriors ? "
tr	NN	There was turbulence in the dark , raging colors and the brush strokes .
tr	NNS	came the King 's anxious question , only something vital would send the man into the throne room against all orders to the contrary .
tr	NN	If the Republic returned , the new government would go after the members of the National Workers ' Party .
tr	NN	Part of me wondered whether it would be such a horrible thing if Luke 's father wrote him out of his will .
tr	NNS	Moses will be a special guest . "
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared as he inhaled .
tr	NNS	What were the chances that you 'd get everyone back ?
tr	NN	A blush appeared on Nora 's face .
tr	NN	His " Hello , this is Mac Bly " floated back to them as he moved away .
tr	NNS	Girls dreamt about him , always thinking they were not good enough for him .
tr	NNS	Our seats for the game were right along first base in the front row .
tr	NNS	Her office buddies guaranteed me they 'd get her down there today .
tr	NN	The idiot didn 't even notice me standing there .
tr	NN	The dog roared , his saliva started to foam around his lips .
tr	NNS	Small bits of conversation sprang up .
tr	NNS	She stared up at him , her pupils widening before her gaze fell to his mouth .
tr	NN	" Your probation is over .
tr	NN	A steady exchange of looks and smiles was a prelude to something that was growing between them .
tr	NN	A soft click sent wrinkles carving through her forehead .
tr	NN	Also an option would be to float between the two , when both of us need an extra set of hands .
tr	NN	The baseball player sighed .
tr	NN	Sam chuckles , clearly the disgust is all over my face .
tr	NN	A revolution won 't take months or weeks .
tr	NNS	Her worn-out sneakers slipped in a pool of her own blood , and her legs went out from under her .
tr	NN	Two months earlier the band 's Million Memories promo video had found its way into the countless American homes now subscribing to MTV .
tr	NN	A hearty abode should reflect thee with thon ability to adapt .
tr	NNS	Moses still studied him .
tr	NN	Suddenly , as its door opened , a large cart emerged carrying a man tethered to a box by cables .
tr	NNS	The ladies doing the cooking and serving were excited as they knew this was an important occasion for everyone concerned .
tr	NNS	The choppy seas continued to rise : the swells breaking higher , the troughs bottoming out a little lower .
tr	NNS	Those mercenaries are men , experienced men .
tr	NN	Struggling self-consciously in her flashy dress Amy misheard something Danny said in her direction .
tr	NN	There was a half-hearted applause from the team before Ezekiel Mustaine turned and climbed the stairs to the observation room , his entourage in tow .
tr	NN	Her first instinct was to cover herself with her arms , or at the very least cover her tits .
tr	NN	His bulging belly shook as he approached .
tr	NNS	Finally , all the villagers made the climb .
tr	NN	The snake was harmless .
tr	NNS	" Okay , uh , no riddles , please .
tr	NN	Any debt you feel you owe me is cancelled . "
tr	NNS	The quirks that sometimes affect our race are supposedly because there is also man within us . "
tr	NN	The vigil around the telephone started up again unannounced .
tr	NN	The archangel studied her closely .
tr	NNS	Several additional punches went wild , not even coming close to Jim 's body or face .
tr	NNS	The members of this club collect the babies and I think they also collect parts of the willow .
tr	NNS	Our mages are at war .
tr	NN	" Yes , your bike had all your attention .
tr	NNS	For example , churches in America were doing more to house and feed the homeless than the Federal , State and Local governments combined .
tr	NN	Part of that means acquiring the ability to protect yourself , and perhaps one day your family as well . "
tr	NNS	" All married couples argue .
tr	NNS	Looks like there 's a huge blood stained on your stomach . "
tr	NNS	" The witnesses say you then grabbed an axe " Detective Black said , " And fought off the attacker . "
tr	NNS	Skulls and bones appeared in the lights of the torches .
tr	NNS	There were motors built mostly for racing applications that were designed to use carburetors and simple distributors .
tr	NNS	In the distance , two lightning forks sliced through the sky .
tr	NN	The dragon slowly moved from behind her and brought more of his enormous body into the room .
tr	NN	The aging agent had immediately alerted headquarters , then charged ahead to the rescue on his own .
tr	NNS	Alphas who were born into a pack had the option of staying and learning to submit to the current Alpha .
tr	NNS	Candor headquarters is like a maze to them , and they want to learn to navigate it .
tr	NN	The probe hit the mist , penetrating just a little for just a moment before fading away .
tr	NN	And at the highest cusp of the heavens an immense gleam of light appeared .
tr	NN	" Skyla , my uncle said he discovered the puncture on your neck after he drew more blood for Chloe .
tr	NN	Now , what interest would a warlock or demon lord have in an ordinary mundane household ? "
tr	NN	The assault would begin again in four hours , or whenever everyone could get there .
tr	NNS	But the unseen effects should not go unnoticed .
tr	NNS	" My apologies for your trouble , sir .
tr	NN	The bastard had shot her , at point blank range .
tr	NNS	The footprints tell me that more than one person got out .
tr	NN	Such a lapse could get her killed .
tr	NN	So the modified toaster doesn 't work after all .
tr	NNS	The sports bra she wore clung to her small breasts and was soaked with sweat beneath her arms and where it clung to her cleavage .
tr	NN	If it was just the original killer in these five other cases , an accomplice would explain why Sarah 's death was so different .
tr	NNS	The images raced across my psyche and I cringed at the many things he had done .
tr	NNS	Rancher Murdock 's ancestors took in Wesley 's son .
tr	NN	The rich , dense tissue of his kidneys and pancreas and liver slid down my throat in a delectable stew with a thick broth of blood .
tr	NN	A rustling sounded in the trees surrounding the parking lot .
tr	NNS	Only my own footprints from the night before and the localized boot tracks that marked yesterday 's work .
tr	NNS	Our ship companions had long ago gone ahead , and we were with those who had come from many different places .
tr	NN	A loud beeping rang through my apartment , breaking my train of thought .
tr	NNS	Its effects were devastating .
tr	NN	With the new apartment awaiting their imminent arrival , and the old townhouse tenanted out , the London era was drawing to a close .
tr	NN	A floating dual staircase directly ahead capped an expansive marble floor flanked by several doorways on either side .
tr	NNS	So far their versions agreed , although Hunter assumed that was about to change .
tr	NN	Then a video appeared : of his backside , walking away , the feed coming from Kane 's camera .
tr	NNS	The teachers welcomed her to a new school year and said they looked ' forward to the fun we 'd have in class this year ' .
tr	NN	A dwarf standing his ground is very hard to move , even for a grown man , and Lady Randa was no grown man .
tr	NNS	Were eggs a metaphor for his balls ?
tr	NNS	And those ghosts are going to ruin us if you don 't turn around and acknowledge they 're there . "
tr	NNS	There was something sincere about her .
tr	NN	Her diary runs through my mind in snippets .
tr	NNS	Kris let her go and turned to face the newcomer .
tr	NNS	Her apples scattered across the car like billiard balls .
tr	NN	Though her feet clattered , buckling , her body 's momentum collided with the kitchen 's island .
tr	NN	What 's our budget , sir ? "
tr	NNS	These aliens obviously tortured people for kicks , and attacking the moon had inflicted enormous suffering upon the people of earth .
tr	NN	Their master looked impatiently at the woman still standing silently before him .
tr	NN	Her indifference and automatic trust don 't make it easier for me to give her away , but I know that I can .
tr	NN	Sometimes a smart thief could trash the place in order to hide the fact that he 'd taken something .
tr	NN	Nonetheless , planting meant life -- he set off down the steep ridge into the valley below .
tr	NN	In fact , Hawk admitted to himself , the context wasn 't fitting even if the gesture might have been .
tr	NN	Another clamor of cats trying to catch their attention as the door opened a crack .
tr	NN	" Him , " the coroner corrected pointing to the contents of one of the stainless-steel bowls .
tr	NNS	Things I 'd never felt before .
tr	NNS	The werewolves would attack instantly if they were confronted by a vampire .
tr	NNS	The tickets hadn 't been cheap , and Will hoped Shirley appreciated that he 'd put down serious money for this opportunity .
tr	NNS	Church spires poked through green trees as the town crept up the hill away from the historic , protected harbor .
tr	NNS	Sadness twisted up my expression , but somehow it was still a smile .
tr	NNS	The twins were already stacking father 's books , notes , and meticulously constructed little models of obscure mechanical devices on the floor .
tr	NNS	' Crossed thumbs means abort . '
tr	NNS	Why were negotiations even a consideration .
tr	NN	This lovely brunette stimulated both his body and his curiosity .
tr	NNS	" If I don 't get out of here , thousands of people are going to die .
tr	NNS	The binoculars need to go .
tr	NN	There was a small television in the living room that scarcely occupied a quarter of the table it sat on .
tr	NN	" How could our drunken homing signals be so off ? "
tr	NN	Love stirred his tea and placed the spoon down on top of a melamine tray sitting on the sideboard .
tr	NN	The bus final y reached the top of Cypress Mountain and rumbled to a stop across from Mythos Academy .
tr	NNS	The other Guardians go in after him and I lose track of them .
tr	NNS	" Brilliant idea ladies ; now we can work together in complete anonymity . "
tr	NNS	Others resist and fear .
tr	NN	That shadowy fellow is our true quarry ; watch out for his dark sorcery and his vile reptile . "
tr	NN	The grudge he carried was too deeply ingrained .
tr	NN	A buzzing haze of mosquitoes found them , the torches doing nothing to keep them away .
tr	NNS	The black creatures fumed under their foul breaths as they scurried around to pick up the trail .
tr	NN	A tight , thick cable shot from the center of the tangled mass directly into the child 's heart .
tr	NN	My sensitivity to warmth was persisting .
tr	NN	" There 's a jar of salve in the top drawer .
tr	NNS	Nicodemus has the Shroud and he 's probably out looking for a full school bus or something .
tr	NN	The dragon 's friend . "
tr	NNS	The door slams shut .
tr	NNS	Meanwhile all these fuckin ' hipster drones show up bright and early .
tr	NN	She saved my life , an angel sent from God .
tr	NNS	As of now , his chances are better than fifty percent at this time . "
tr	NN	A snarling bark came from behind them , and Josh jerked Elizabeth , spinning her around to position himself between her and the wolf .
tr	NN	Perhaps there was some divine intervention going on here .
tr	NNS	' Do you elves always speak in riddles ?
tr	NN	Part of what I liked about her was the fact that she was lovely without seeming consciously aware of it .
tr	NNS	In every spacious room , the timeless sculptures , decorations , and brickwork had proved impervious to cold .
tr	NNS	A few quick movements of his hands , and he yearned to shout in delight .
tr	NNS	Her colleagues had examined the ashes and were crowding around her again , demanding answers .
tr	NN	In high school a teacher had once told her she thought too much , and she seemed to be proving his point right there that moment .
tr	NNS	Yet the very traits he admired were the ones destined to draw her away .
tr	NN	Kayla 's fur is much more distinguishable and so is mine .
tr	NN	There was no tail and it was not moving as I would expect .
tr	NN	Her actual birthday was on December 13 , nine days earlier .
tr	NN	Robert runs over , assault rifle on his back and hands me the metal case .
tr	NNS	Fluorescent light fixtures hung from the ceiling though they were void of bulbs .
tr	NN	They had gathered at the tribe 's Great Stone Circle , a pit dug out of solid rock .
tr	NNS	Where the fuck are my grapes ? "
tr	NN	The further implication was that it could hinder any future promotion prospects .
tr	NN	The stench invaded my nose and throat , choking me like the smoke had , and I had to swallow down my bile again .
tr	NN	The white stag was what he had made with his touch that night in the winter dark .
tr	NN	That woman Cartier has gone to bed with what she calls a sick headache .
tr	NN	Though one might think it would be the most enigmatic experience of man , the actuality of it was altogether dull .
tr	NNS	Goss had tried to come up with a concrete idea , but there were too many variables .
tr	NNS	Four pairs of eyes trained on her .
tr	NN	The click of her heels stops .
tr	NN	What 's the betting that the numbers match those given to us by Fisher 's bank ? "
tr	NNS	My actions had just wedged a distance between us .
tr	NN	A moment later , her stiff posture relaxed , and her features were smooth and serene once more .
tr	NN	" Who is the partner you never let Liam be . "
tr	NNS	" The changes usually take so long that the creatures aren 't even aware of them .
tr	NNS	No rips or holes that would have explained how it had come to be relegated to the rag pile .
tr	NN	The thief doesn 't waste any time complaining , or asking what we want , or anything like that .
tr	NN	His writing 's less sarcastic now .
tr	NNS	Some kisses were more innocent than others .
tr	NN	The captain would like to let you know we will be landing in approximately twenty minutes . "
tr	NNS	The goons kept in step with the clerk .
tr	NNS	The dark cherry wood bookshelves and fireplace made the space feel quaint .
tr	NNS	" Parts of it suck .
tr	NN	Every art has its canvas .
tr	NN	My goal is to stay hidden until the heist is over or until I 'm transported back .
tr	NNS	Moses thought this sounded a hundred times better than a hotel room on his own .
tr	NN	Her pulse raced out of control until she could feel it at her temples .
tr	NN	Her technique had improved amazingly this last year .
tr	NNS	The duchess looks at her attendant and shakes her head with a glance in the young girl 's direction .
tr	NNS	" Your Jewels need to be drained . "
tr	NNS	Soldiers and sailors march past , telling us where we can find shelter and help .
tr	NNS	Several varieties of apples were on offer .
tr	NNS	For one thing , there are two halves .
tr	NN	" Your pen , " Harry said .
tr	NNS	His pupils suddenly engulfed the silver of his eyes .
tr	NNS	" Animals seem to be very worried about the planet Earth .
tr	NNS	The relatives ran to him and his mother took off her outer cloth that she 'd wrapped around her long skirt and started cleaning her son up .
tr	NN	The grunt that slips out of Zander 's mouth makes me look away .
tr	NNS	" The bachelors would need to be a variety of ages , right ? "
tr	NNS	Carrying twins was more difficult than I 'd ever imagined it would be .
tr	NN	" What kind of mischief is brewing over here ? "
tr	NNS	The wetness that still clung to her skin dampened them both , joining them , as his arousal settled against her .
tr	NN	The duke spoke to him .
tr	NNS	Thoughts roared in my brain , none of them good .
tr	NNS	" A few banks and I. " " I 'm impressed . "
tr	NNS	Two rats jumped up at Jin .
tr	NNS	Hopefully , my characters will stand the test of time .
tr	NN	Great coffee pot , mug ready , ready for coffee , but the Joe was gone .
tr	NNS	Right now the scans show normal activity , but that may not mean anything when it comes to trying to wake her up .
tr	NN	On her left , an elder grasped her other hand .
tr	NN	Does your loyalty remain ?
tr	NNS	The villagers refused to be broken by the edict of closure and the accompanying hardship , vowing to fight on to preserve their communal identity .
tr	NNS	There aren 't any visible leaks in the air tanks .
tr	NN	Even shopping together was a new joy .
tr	NNS	These planes are likely F-15 's that have a ceiling of about 65,000 feet .
tr	NN	Unfortunately , accompanying Tench 's political savvy came an icy temperament that few could endure for more than a few minutes .
tr	NNS	Lots of doctors had a problem with booze -- some of them dabbled in drugs -- and untold numbers struggled with depression .
tr	NN	The farther she went the more her mind started to clear .
tr	NN	The lieutenant 's a fan so he 's not backing us up .
tr	NNS	The territories have turned into a bunch of separate city-states ... we haven 't cooperated in over a hundred years . "
tr	NN	The rug under his boots crunched .
tr	NNS	The fans will love it when you win the belt .
tr	NN	Or at least buying lotto tickets . "
tr	NN	His Fuhrer 's final command rang in his mind , overtaking his thoughts .
tr	NNS	My clients are not criminals .
tr	NN	A quiet static like noise began to fill Williams head .
tr	NNS	Surely the healers could fix you without doing that to you ! "
tr	NNS	Things like this just weren 't possible .
tr	NN	A pinch of jealousy stirs hot inside me .
tr	NN	Morning came far too soon .
tr	NN	An electronic beeping sounded from down the hallway .
tr	NN	The uncle walked to his desk and dropped into his chair , reaching for the top right drawer before he 'd completely settled .
tr	NN	The cream in his coffee was sour .
tr	NNS	It 's like how wolves divide the flock so they can get an opportunity to slaughter the lambs .
tr	NN	A gap she didn 't understand , just as she didn 't understand what was going on with him .
tr	NNS	Their actions had actually created people in an alternate reality -- people that hadn 't existed in the reality in which they 'd started .
tr	NN	The ease at which I give in to his request based off of one look leaves me disappointed in myself .
tr	NNS	Half a dozen images popped on the screen .
tr	NNS	The wiry aliens come up to Uriel first as they touch his armor .
tr	NN	The angel stood up and straightened its suit jacket and checked the knot of its tie .
tr	NNS	His fearful movements drew her merciless gaze as she snarled in delight , " I remember you !
tr	NN	Her nausea faded away as every muscle in her body hardened .
tr	NN	Each species of Shifter had an advantage over the others .
tr	NN	Its tail began to whip back and forth as I approached .
tr	NNS	All the signs suggested that his rewind through time had no impact on his life whatsoever .
tr	NNS	Smells like bait to a trap . "
tr	NNS	There were instincts buried inside of me that would let me flirt freely and command attention with practiced skill .
tr	NNS	Some members , like Kadir and Maryse , Clary knew by name .
tr	NNS	The venomous look he gave Dan made him want to curl up and ... what ?
tr	NNS	A few more drops followed and I looked longingly at the hole in the grate of the big tomb .
tr	NN	" Then your teacher will have failed and we will begin again . "
tr	NN	Phase Two was more offensive .
tr	NNS	Things here are just hopping , " he told me , his eyebrows flying all over his narrow face .
tr	NN	Her weakness was as visible as adverts during the Super Bowl .
tr	NNS	There was a car downstairs -- a big black town car , like a limousine only not as fancy -- with a driver in a black jacket .
tr	NNS	Any outside sources that could confuse you will not end your journey well .
tr	NN	The church 's imminent arrival looked pretty good right now .
tr	NNS	Gradually their letters grew in length , but were never any more frequent .
tr	NNS	There was something magical about this moment .
tr	NNS	Some witnesses sure would have come in handy . "
tr	NNS	Three monitors had scrolling text running up them , and wires ran all across the room .
tr	NNS	Reyes finally returned to reality and in a brief flash realized all that Angelica was doing for him in this moment , the sacrifice she was making .
tr	NN	" Handpicked Egyptian cotton , " a drawn out voice said from behind her .
tr	NN	The peacock feather tickled her neck .
tr	NNS	The fears and doubts that I had buried deep to survive in my exile exploded to the surface .
tr	NNS	The political lies came hard and fast .
tr	NNS	These types of videos often got thousands of hits .
tr	NN	Love didn 't work that way .
tr	NNS	But the funds will have to come out of Pack moneys , since you are currently stone-cold broke . "
tr	NN	The other female student is contemplating leaving the college , and I have also thought of changing majors myself .
tr	NN	The inspector laid out a plan to track and find the diamonds , a plan which he was optimistic would produce results .
tr	NNS	Names , characters , businesses , places , events , and incidents are either the products of the author 's imagination or used in a fictitious manner .
tr	NN	" The coroner put them back in his belly in a cloth bag when he was done . "
tr	NNS	Nicodemus waved his hand .
tr	NN	The anthem abruptly ended and the Professor said , " well , my explanation is over .
tr	NNS	Things were manageable after that , but still not great .
tr	NNS	The sobs that come from the cavern of his chest are dry and heaving , they sound painful .
tr	NN	The damaged hood rippled as though it had become very flexible and soft .
tr	NNS	Warning sirens sounded , and fire alarms across the city went off .
tr	NN	Your fame precedes you , and your second in command is a worthy opponent . "
tr	NN	A jab of pain shot through me as I remembered always trying to get him to play and listen to The Beatles .
tr	NN	But our collective wisdom failed .
tr	NN	Sensing that the tiger is within striking distance , the buck takes the only option it has and begins to cut slightly into the water .
tr	NN	The strange warrior leapt , sailing an incredible distance to land on the carriage horse 's back .
tr	NN	Your government felt they had no choice but to strike back with force .
tr	NN	" You know the law , " says the birthmark .
tr	NN	Only a chirping whistle , repeated three times , broke him out of his disturbance .
tr	NN	The principal held up one hand with a slight , self-deprecating smile .
tr	NNS	Marius looked down at them and frowned .
tr	NN	That model probably made a fortune to surrender her dignity like that , although Charlie would never recognize her even if she met her in person .
tr	NNS	Those creatures , whatever they were , had to be of fantastic weight - all of it settling upon four relatively small feet .
tr	NNS	Now the colors are mixing up taking the shape of two lovers engaged in a passionate embrace .
tr	NN	Love waited until they were alone in the corridor and standing outside the lab before he spoke .
tr	NNS	My grandparents took good care of me .
tr	NN	At that , a boom of thunder rings over the valley .
tr	NNS	Things are going to be easier than expected .
tr	NNS	The materials she collected were for a spell that might help her destroy the protective barriers surrounding Lorcan .
tr	NNS	Well , the cards are on the table - how much is your integrity worth ? "
tr	NN	" Alec 's contribution to the mark waived the hearing and acts as somewhat of a plea bargain .
tr	NNS	And then there were gems like Mrs. Jackson .
tr	NN	" Seems unlikely , " the inspector conceded , watching with concern as David Powell and Lewis Todd were loaded onto stretches for transport out .
tr	NN	My only consolation was that all three had left the marriage with no financial demands .
tr	NNS	The designs are her own , too . "
tr	NN	Like growing a whole new appreciation of his masculine wonder .
tr	NN	However , my own hunger had set in as well .
tr	NN	After a while a distant rumbling suggested that the commerce of the city was being resumed .
tr	NNS	Our leaders instated it when some of our guests began overstaying their welcome .
tr	NNS	The designs she had for the King Vineyard menu .
tr	NN	A postcard with handwriting I recognize immediately .
tr	NNS	Their mothers had been close friends , both at one time waiting on the queen .
tr	NNS	The contents she 'd just typed were numbing in their portent .
tr	NNS	Then again , drawing it out with a few inventive maneuvers of his tongue .
tr	NNS	Romulus did no such thing .
tr	NN	The backyard was fairly large , with a swimming pool shaped like a peanut .
tr	NN	The demon leader laughed , the memory of their human days fuzzy by now .
tr	NN	The last time Susannah had seen her was while she was on the phone with Joe .
tr	NNS	Things always started out well .
tr	NN	The stroking stopped abruptly .
tr	NNS	Nerves tangled into a snarl that rivaled her hair after a shower .
tr	NNS	Those two little actions caused every emotion I 'd experienced in the last hours to drain out of me , leaving only emptiness .
tr	NN	What if her absence had doused his ?
tr	NNS	Things were changing , and Cain wasn 't sure he could change with them .
tr	NN	Soon the overall sensations muted and heat took its place .
tr	NN	" A poet indeed ! "
tr	NN	The new arrival made Brielle 's jaw drop .
tr	NN	My shrink said it 's Daddy 's fault .
tr	NN	" The garrison here lost most of its Knights Aeris at Second Calderon , and it has been difficult to replace them .
tr	NN	Part of me wanted to run back to the bathroom that very moment and finish what I 'd started .
tr	NNS	" Like witches , ghosts , vampires , werewolves and ... and ... and I ran out of fairy tale monsters .
tr	NNS	Centuries ago , the Others declared war on humanity .
tr	NN	As it left the ground , there was a twang , followed by another and two arrows caught the rider in the throat .
tr	NN	" There is a courtyard a quarter of a mile east of here .
tr	NN	The secretary glanced back at him , a quick look of surprise flashing across her face .
tr	NN	The captain had pulled out of the berth and was heading down river at increasing speed .
tr	NNS	Strangers walked , limped and crawled all around us .
tr	NN	An old green sedan bumped along the driveway and pulled to a stop at the edge of the yard .
tr	NN	Any shooter is competitive .
tr	NNS	Their exchanges consisted of the occasional , " how much further ? "
tr	NN	The trick is to figure out what unfinished business they are on about .
tr	NNS	The bikes are nowhere in sight .
tr	NN	The lever moved , but it was still heavy .
tr	NN	But her primary goal remained to seek out and make contact with the Dark Witch .
tr	NNS	The sirens sounded louder now , just outside the salon .
tr	NNS	Gramps is all here and all serious .
tr	NNS	After a few minutes , there were more footsteps and he could hear the junior policeman say : " ... a city man .
tr	NNS	However , her attempts were unsuccessful as the web continued to hold her in place .
tr	NN	The audience was silent , faces staring down at her , listening .
tr	NNS	From what I 've always heard , wolves don 't attack humans unless they are cornered .
tr	NNS	My heavy eyelids began to fall .
tr	NN	The other cub followed closely .
tr	NNS	But Lexi 's designs are amazing , and she made my sisters ' dresses .
tr	NN	The occasional lamp illuminated the gaping darkness , often showing quant little houses resting in the night .
tr	NNS	Things were fine until he turned onto Hemlock .
tr	NN	" And what was the captain wearing ? "
tr	NNS	And when more settlers arrive ... " Pierre shrugged again .
tr	NNS	Looks like it 's as bad as they say . "
tr	NN	Their function is always unclear .
tr	NN	" I saw the intruder flee , Your Grace , " the priest said .
tr	NNS	The consequences would be disastrous to anyone who opened the sack . "
tr	NNS	The fights could last for an hour or more .
tr	NNS	Things always seemed to happen like this for her .
tr	NNS	There are no guarantees that Heath 's relationship with Diana will fall apart . "
tr	NNS	Reyes tossed his knife in the air , caught it and tossed it again .
tr	NNS	Their crinkling body suits made it difficult for them to move quickly , like low-budget astronauts trapped in zero gravity .
tr	NN	Although the law was a codified set of rules , justice was far from set in stone .
tr	NN	An enormous gold dragon with a gold mane of hair that swept across the cave floor spoke to her .
tr	NNS	Things I could actually solve with a phone call or a pad and pencil .
tr	NNS	A few minutes later , the ladies pulled up to Albert 's office door .
tr	NN	" That arrangement didn 't work out . "
tr	NN	His accent made Kendra think of the Caribbean , although that was not quite right .
tr	NN	The last fiction he 'd read for pleasure , in fact , had been a small Victorian Era pastiche called Two Gentlemen in Silk Knickers .
tr	NN	The guilt of leaving her baby throughout the day ate away at Amber 's soul .
tr	NNS	Elias finally stopped at the end and smiled into Nate 's unblinking eyes .
tr	NNS	Seeing me , the cameras started flashing against the glass of the window as they fought over one another for the best shot .
tr	NNS	Far off , sea creatures wailed and moaned , distracting her with their guttural syllables that sounded so achingly familiar .
tr	NN	My loyalty has always been to those in need first -- no matter what . "
tr	NNS	" What about Evelyn 's and Louise 's deaths ? "
tr	NNS	Her movements grew more frantic and she started throwing mail to the floor as she searched for something .
tr	NNS	But the payment arrangements are complicated .
tr	NN	Grief and understanding filled his eyes .
tr	NNS	The floors were a dark , rich hardwood , in glorious contrast to the royal burgundy of the walls .
tr	NNS	His actions didn 't recommend him as a volunteer , but I thought I understood why he wanted to fight .
tr	NNS	The other ghosts joined together in a similar celebration of the lives they lived and the friendships they treasured .
tr	NN	The squid was just ten yards away , its glowing tentacles writhing out toward him , churning up the sediment along the ocean floor . "
tr	NNS	" Legal drugs , " Wes explained .
tr	NN	My gut instinct is that these notes have Evans ' name written all over them , but today he was busy entertaining me .
tr	NNS	There are three or four inches on the ground . "
tr	NN	Unfortunately , the uncle was also a cop .
tr	NNS	Cassius was a prince ?
tr	NNS	More footsteps approached and Pierce could feel that a group was starting to gather near him .
tr	NN	There was a hesitation before Avery , as ever , played diplomat .
tr	NN	Like something off some old people 's TV show .
tr	NNS	Now that she thought about it , the strange flu symptoms had also disappeared in the past month .
tr	NN	The cord to the heating pad slips down my arm and sways by my legs .
tr	NN	Part of Emily was furious at Spencer for not telling them about Ian 's eerie visit sooner .
tr	NN	The savory smells of venison stew and fresh bread tickled his senses , and he happily obliged when the door closed .
tr	NN	" The first creep freaked .
tr	NNS	Romulus actually laughed , spitting out blood .
tr	NN	The impressive arrangement glistened like the fire in her eyes , but could not match the flow of hot tears of joy flooding down her face .
tr	NNS	Through the windows , fireflies and stars glowed , and in the night air crickets sang a farewell dirge .
tr	NNS	Questions about doctors , medical personnel , EMTs or such that may have gone missing recently .
tr	NNS	Staring up at him , butterflies fluttered inside my stomach , even more so when his lips caressed my cheekbone and his voice found my ear .
tr	NNS	The boy 's eyelids fluttered closed .
tr	NNS	With every breath his nostrils filled with the scent .
tr	NNS	Chills run down my spine and I glance around for signs that someone else might be near in case I need help with this thing .
tr	NNS	Zack 's nostrils flared in anger .
tr	NN	All the townsfolk quickly learned it wasn 't safe on the streets .
tr	NN	Unfortunately , the ban on Grey and Navarre vamps wasn 't going to help .
tr	NN	Satellite surveillance had confirmed a few minutes before that no one had left the fortress in the last 5 weeks .
tr	NN	The master turned to her father , his voice relaxing slightly .
tr	NN	However , Storm had no reason to do something just to be nice .
tr	NN	Inside , a one-armed bot slouched against the door .
tr	NNS	The group 's footsteps were all in sync .
tr	NNS	The jewels a neighboring country had sent as the wedding present were stunning and quickly the diamonds gleamed on her like sparkling stars .
tr	NNS	Alphas were the ones in charge .
tr	NN	The hermit stopped on the threshold .
tr	NN	I ' l make it look like the two of you fought and kil ed each other .
tr	NNS	The servants cheered and marched into the city , as Gnat continued to walk alongside and beat his drum .
tr	NNS	The chaotic images worry me .
tr	NN	What was a little more suffering to him ?
tr	NNS	Old instincts stirred inside her , concern for how hard he pushed himself mixed with frustration at his uncompromising ways .
tr	NN	the ship 's captain shouted .
tr	NN	A chorus of gunshots followed , and the other prisoners joined her one by one , until none were left .
tr	NNS	His gaze searches mine like he 's going to find the secrets to the universe there .
tr	NN	Would my talent function in a case like this ?
tr	NNS	The strings lifted and the arms and legs responded accordingly .
tr	NNS	The resources required to steal all of this evidence from so many companies certainly exceeds the grasp of the White House . "
tr	NNS	Two different ideas dude . "
tr	NNS	Alexis says aloud as she circles the large room .
tr	NN	The only photograph she had of him was the wedding picture , which showed him with long hair and a beard .
tr	NNS	Those locks of auburn hair I couldn 't get off my mind fell in a cascade around each side of her face .
tr	NNS	Hendricks , Thomas , get ready to go in . "
tr	NN	The lifeboat rattled , jerked , and jolted .
tr	NN	In my experience , most Divergent can 't resist the truth serum .
tr	NNS	The teachers heard her kill the motor .
tr	NN	Or , " he raised his long index finger , " the government will just cover it up . "
tr	NNS	Her ruthlessness made his father 's pale in comparison .
tr	NNS	His rows of pearly whites sparkled in the glow of a nearby street lamp .
tr	NNS	Such emptiness poured from my heart at my own behest .
tr	NN	Like he had on that dusty lane , pinned down by the combined weight of his grief and his little band of brothers .
tr	NNS	His kisses devoured her with sweeps and swirls of his tongue and left her with a head-spinning shortage of oxygen .
tr	NNS	Her boobs hurt so bad .
tr	NN	Now all Amy 's weariness disappeared .
tr	NNS	There were seven floors of offices , each home to four conference rooms , and a second floor conference center , which held another eight .
tr	NNS	There are , however , levels upon levels , plunging deep into the earth .
tr	NNS	Two wolves fought with those who remained standing .
tr	NN	" Mom doesn , t know anything about this ; neither does Phil .
tr	NN	Anger and fear washed over her features .
tr	NNS	Her movements were jerky , full of repressed energy .
tr	NN	' Fitch , ' Love said , staring at the specimen on the tray .
tr	NN	Her grandmother narrowed her eyes shrewdly .
tr	NN	The piper - not the same guy every time - stood on the corner of Princes Street and Waverly Station .
tr	NNS	His butchered expressions always made her smile , but the smile faded quickly .
tr	NNS	Soon though , delicious aromas drifted beneath the pillows , filling her nostrils .
tr	NN	The sheriff hadn 't cared that Cale was a hired gun ?
tr	NN	The Pict language had died out .
tr	NN	The captain hurried up to greet them .
tr	NN	The bitch gave me a damn coupon book , like I 'm buying a car or something . "
tr	NN	The captain greeted them .
tr	NN	What if the bullet took away my invincibility ?
tr	NNS	The Following Dark signs are everywhere .
tr	NN	The spotlight surveying the hill of trees continued for one very long minute .
tr	NNS	The effects must ´ ve finally worn off .
tr	NN	" My good captain , finally we can meet .
tr	NN	The applause starts gradually , and it becomes even more thunderous than the one at the first speech .
tr	NNS	All the vamps present glanced around .
tr	NNS	The mothers had chosen to hold their emotions in until the ship passed over the horizon .
tr	NNS	" There are no wells in this area " KT said , " but if you know the vector to water give us those coordinates " .
tr	NN	Her silent maid followed close behind .
tr	NN	Another option wove its way into his mind , but he cast it aside as impossible and selfish .
tr	NN	Fortunately , milk remained a cross-cultural universal , and the tea managed to taste just as delicious as it might have back in England .
tr	NN	The bell captain saw your brother early last evening .
tr	NN	A stab of worry shot through him .
tr	NNS	The werewolves took her down .
tr	NN	When the elevator doors opened to the eleventh , yellow police tape prevented anyone from getting off on that floor .
tr	NN	Part of me wanted to tell her , but this wasn 't just my secret .
tr	NNS	His movements erratic and shifting between almost convulsive to immobile .
tr	NNS	Inside , the floors were cement , stained with dark smears of blood .
tr	NNS	Things get quiet after that .
tr	NNS	And those factories " -- she pointed to some new structures by the track -- " must have attracted some outside workers .
tr	NN	The secretary bowed again and walked away .
tr	NN	Renegades ' on-site work trailer was a piece of shit , and he and every one of his stuntmen preferred it that way .
tr	NN	" Later , " the attorney said and ended the call .
tr	NN	The vertigo made me momentarily dizzy , and I put a hand out to balance myself - and felt the lump beneath the sandpaper shingle .
tr	NN	" Don 't push me , " the colonel said .
tr	NN	When the knife slashed , its tip met the flesh in my neck , and I didn 't raise my hands to fight anymore .
tr	NN	Another thud followed by the sound of cracking limbs drew closer , but the foliage was too dense to identify the source .
tr	NN	" Yeah , " Her breathless declaration murmured out from behind a smile .
tr	NNS	Dark country highways were dangerous enough with a person 's full attention on the road .
tr	NN	The defense has had ample time to uncover and investigate all aspects of this matter .
tr	NNS	Others rested gratefully , oblivious to anything but their own weariness .
tr	NNS	" Hopefully now that I 'm free , my magically abilities will be similar to yours .
tr	NNS	Many readers say they don 't understand the mother 's choice , feel it 's selfish , hurtful , and truly dislike her .
tr	NNS	" Minna and Lisa are strapping girls , able to do much of the heavy work my designs require .
tr	NNS	Even culture gaps were not as wide .
tr	NNS	Things I can 't possibly forget .
tr	NN	The confirmation later was uneventful .
tr	NN	My wrist scar showed .
tr	NNS	His thrusts shook her .
tr	NN	No prison sentence could be worse than the hell of being away from the two of you .
tr	NN	Final y , she ran up to Stefan 's room , snatched her diary from under the mattress , and began scribbling .
tr	NNS	The marble floors had a gravitas all their own and were buffed to a shine that didn 't look cheap .
tr	NNS	The tiles on the floor of St. Mark 's Cathedral rose and fell like the waves in the bay , unwilling to give up without a fight .
tr	NNS	The tall frames only enhanced the scene beyond , of boats bobbing on the water and children playing in the sand .
tr	NNS	Reyes hoped the latter .
tr	NN	When we opened it the briefcase contained two sealed envelopes , which are here in evidence bags . "
tr	NN	Maybe her accomplice gave her the evidence , forced her to plant it in Jeremy 's room .
tr	NN	How much of our conversation was just her messing with me , and how much was for some alternate purpose ?
tr	NNS	Your buddies have deserted you .
tr	NNS	" My apologies , I 'm DCI John Prentice .
tr	NNS	The appliances were expensive ; the electronics were state of the art , the windows were floor to ceiling and the thread counts high hundreds .
tr	NN	His goal is much simpler , Countess .
tr	NNS	The Baker twins , Ginger and Cinnamon , are up , too , and Bakers already lost two of their seven over the years .
tr	NN	The courtroom had to be redesigned and renovated to make room for all of the defendants and all their lawyers .
tr	NN	A brass chandelier glowed overhead .
tr	NNS	Diggs sat on one side of me , Juarez -- who hadn 't vanished into the night after all -- on the other .
tr	NNS	And these prostitutes became infected with that blood , as they were prone to such infection from living an immoral life .
tr	NN	The so call Q and A sessions went on for another half an hour until Lily asked the question of the day .
tr	NNS	Aurelius had an unobtrusive grip on Gavin 's arm .
tr	NN	The TV said that he was married and had a child . "
tr	NNS	The fights increase in skill .
tr	NNS	The rows were not that long , stretching maybe three hundred men shoulder to shoulder , but continued behind them all the way to the river .
tr	NNS	Her defenses went up when she realized how easy it would be for her to fall for this kind and caring Rafe .
tr	NNS	" His warriors might have complained before but certainly not afterward ! "
tr	NN	But his pulse ratcheted up and he tensed in anticipation .
tr	NN	Her yellow Jeep came into view , and she climbed in and sat .
tr	NNS	The losers won 't .
tr	NN	There was milk , some bread and some cheese .
tr	NNS	More tapping couldn 't coax him to look her way .
tr	NN	By the time we were sixteen , the ice cream and movies took a backseat to the boys .
tr	NNS	The winds were wild and wicked up here , and the eastern ocean 's cold breath rushed through the control room 's broken window .
tr	NN	The lieutenant reminded him through clenched teeth , but she bunched her wiry muscles and threw them sideways and steeper .
tr	NN	The bird 's belly was white , with a much higher albedo than its dark back and wings .
tr	NN	I feel like General Custer , the Sphinx said .
tr	NNS	What if there are multiple tunnels like that ?
tr	NN	A low growl erupted from his chest and he seized me in one swift movement .
tr	NNS	Even with this protection , sharp bits of metal from the ruined fence dug into my arms and legs .
tr	NN	" The Prophet and I have been watching Jesus .
tr	NNS	All the clerks were somewhat busy when I arrived with my young son , just up from his nap , batteries fully charged .
tr	NN	You ' l have to imagine what it looks like . "
tr	NN	" Back when you were dogfighting the USAF planes , a scanner on my ship picked up something hidden in the desert floor .
tr	NNS	My jaw drops and my stomach begins to churn .
tr	NN	Perhaps the King 's Guard patrol route needs to include at least one stop in The Dry .
tr	NNS	These forests are generally pleasant things .
tr	NNS	He opened his arms as she threw herself at him , heedless of Serge 's sternly raised brow , ignoring the two maids giggling in the shadows .
tr	NNS	Both creatures stopped and turned toward him .
tr	NNS	Those disgusting creatures have destroyed everything that is good .
tr	NNS	The vegetables were black . "
tr	NNS	Metal and plastic sails through the air as the thing shatters .
tr	NNS	The plays and poetry and music she inspired ... there was a depth to it that wasn 't rivaled by any of the rest of us .
tr	NNS	The colors played swirling around the rock as Sylvia turned it ever so slightly in her hands .
tr	NNS	These batteries supplied juice for all of the electronics , lighting , water systems , and bilge pumps .
tr	NN	A gentle tremor started beneath their feet .
tr	NN	The government was ruthless .
tr	NN	' Because the Master says so .
tr	NNS	" I can 't go through with it , " the duchess remarked suddenly and sank into a chair , her expression positively dire .
tr	NNS	Her paintings were always vivid .
tr	NNS	By now , all my chances of victory had disappeared .
tr	NN	His eyes clench shut and he coughs .
tr	NN	" Our rogue is at the party , or he was . "
tr	NNS	But Florence 's characters choose to act instead of running away .
tr	NNS	Eating potato chips can give you a heart attack . "
tr	NNS	His thrusts started off slow but powerful , forcing her into the bed .
tr	NN	The van came to a jarring stop , sending me flying forward , slamming into the back of the passenger seat .
tr	NNS	The pirates shielded their eyes as they ran back to their ship .
tr	NNS	" Though I wish otherwise , my actions are no longer mine to command . "
tr	NN	The stake in my chest didn 't indicate that at all .
tr	NNS	" Not all the Arch Mages died in the war .
tr	NNS	My paws churned the water with a heavy numbness .
tr	NN	" There is duct tape in the blue box . "
tr	NNS	Just notebooks and two packs of pens .
tr	NNS	Diggs told Juarez to drive me home .
tr	NNS	Both boxers came rushing forward , meeting each other in the middle of the ring .
tr	NN	The policeman examined the suitcase , noting the initials ' A. W. ' cut into the leather .
tr	NN	The captain , quite mesmerized by Sarah , offered them accommodations at his small house in town where his widowed mother resided with three servants .
tr	NN	A habit she had to break of drifting off during important moments .
tr	NNS	The cameras had gone to his head and vanity had taken hold .
tr	NN	The stir of his breath on her neck as he spoke made her cringe .
tr	NN	The priest rummaged through a drawer , returning with a pair of dark glasses , specially crafted for Mikhail .
tr	NN	The unit was responsible for drug interdiction for the southern region that included Florida and most of the Caribbean Islands .
tr	NNS	Te ' ton grins and winks inside her breathing helmet at each male then looks ahead at the opposite cliff wall .
tr	NNS	The footsteps grew louder , and Fade , his slave 's rough clothing covered in blood , leapt down the last several steps , blade in hand .
tr	NNS	There were no illegal substances , or stolen property found when you carried out a thorough search at the ferry terminal .
tr	NN	Just like all of his targets , the poor bastard will have no idea what was coming at him .
tr	NN	" Your honor doesn 't need defending .
tr	NN	The swish of pom-poms filled the air , and three cheerleaders stalked by and leveled their glares on Emma and her friends .
tr	NN	A shard of memory sliced through her .
tr	NN	The bard considered his options though he didn 't have many .
tr	NN	And then their chant started .
tr	NNS	The surviving assailants gathered atop the deck or off in a scarred boat tied to the starboard rail .
tr	NN	The footman regarded me dubiously , but nodded .
tr	NN	But that option wasn 't open to him .
tr	NN	The liquid responded by lifting up to form a dome over the open top of the bowl .
tr	NN	interjected VIN , slowly nearing the open doors of Sierra Bravo II .
tr	NN	The misery of the place was like a gas , poisoning me as I stood there .
tr	NN	The north fell behind them and the west promised endless ice .
tr	NN	The bullet ripped into the planking and Alexie jarred .
tr	NN	The coin , however , didn 't strike her .
tr	NN	And a shrine to bring pilgrims to Norwich . "
tr	NNS	Reyes sat at a small glass table , one knee crossed over the other .
tr	NNS	Marius quickly pulled his hands away .
tr	NNS	Folks here didn 't even lock their doors at night .
tr	NNS	Your letters always bring me joy , so full of love are they , for I know your heart is with me .
tr	NNS	" Things went plenty bad .
tr	NN	Then whispered against them , " Remember , winner gets a kiss . "
tr	NNS	Sometimes there are the resisting shouts of crowds as Officials try to contain them .
tr	NNS	" So my kisses don 't satisfy you anymore ?
tr	NNS	Folks know I 'm getting all kinds of trouble .
tr	NN	The green sweater caught her eye .
tr	NN	The lamp 's on you .
tr	NNS	The cramps in her leg were slowly beginning to ease under his ministration and the hot water .
tr	NNS	Diggs turned back when he realized I was no longer behind him .
tr	NNS	Images of what they 'd done on that table assaulted Alana 's brain .
tr	NN	And yet , now that it was done , the magnitude of the trip had caught up with him .
tr	NNS	Sadness tugged at her belly and brought a familiar wave of longing .
tr	NN	Brand , on the other hand , seemed calm , even abstracted .
tr	NNS	And because there aren 't any records , their chances of getting away with it are great . "
tr	NNS	Why were most designers men ?
tr	NN	His eyes gleam wickedly .
tr	NNS	Had drunk the potions they 'd given her , done the hours of agonizing exercises , forced herself to think the way they wanted her to .
tr	NN	The cafeteria was closed , dark .
tr	NN	The elf stood , wiped her hands on her white robe and took his hand in hers .
tr	NN	A perplexed looked crossed Liam 's face .
tr	NNS	Nervous butterflies fluttered in her stomach as she put her clothes away .
tr	NNS	The losses are too severe .
tr	NN	The tyranny of Kaza had to end .
tr	NN	The race from among the stars died easily enough .
tr	NNS	Evan 's classes started already and , apparently , there was no honeymoon period in college .
tr	NNS	Chartres , defying custom , remained at Yves ' side .
tr	NNS	So any attempts at making myself feel better where he was concerned would just have to wait ; if it ever happened at all .
tr	NNS	It was true , the hallucinations stopped when she came to realize how wrongly she had been thinking about herself .
tr	NN	" I will pay you to help me , " the goddess insisted .
tr	NNS	Did the warriors here know where the box was ?
tr	NN	" The bully who picks on others , but never on anyone that he thinks can actually fight back against him . "
tr	NNS	But as Bull and Allie began to talk strategy with each other , my eyelids suddenly became like lead weights .
tr	NNS	His ideas had him brought before the Church Inquisition in Italy , and while he invited the inquisitors to view the moons revolving around Jupiter they refused .
tr	NNS	Elias threw his cue on the table .
tr	NN	I stand up , my pulse immediately accelerating as the fear that I 've been stood up again races through my mind .
tr	NN	My eyes flutter shut as I lifted onto my tiptoes and kissed him .
tr	NNS	After a quick scheduled refuelling stop in Mumbai , most passengers took the chance to get some rest .
tr	NNS	The costumes were so good I didn 't recognize him at first . "
tr	NNS	Looks like you got a lot done today . "
tr	NNS	Souls , or life forces , have lots of energy in them .
tr	NNS	Valerius was under the control of Dionysus .
tr	NNS	Consequently , the banks artificially created the housing bubble .
tr	NN	Had the idiot started making up conspiracy theories to keep Luc from beating the crap out of him ?
tr	NN	My prison moved and I struggled to no avail .
tr	NNS	Gone to prove I love you .
tr	NNS	" Families should live together . "
tr	NNS	What are the chances he 'd find anything ?
tr	NN	The mountain ranges spell out the age of the planet .
tr	NN	A tiny dimple flashed in one cheek .
tr	NNS	These types of actions were for two people that were in a relationship , not just having a quickie in the shower to blow a load .
tr	NNS	" The top three floors of the club have fantasy rooms , and each room has a place for dancers .
tr	NN	The mate he wanted for himself was not going to be there because she had to .
tr	NN	The steel hatch rose higher .
tr	NN	A vicious bark pulled Viktor back to consciousness .
tr	NN	His personality matched the bad boy presence attributed to teenage angst .
tr	NN	My first instinct was to be mad at Paul , but I knew he was only trying to help .
tr	NNS	" These bonding chains are extraordinary .
tr	NNS	Between the narrowed slits of his eyes , his pupils were like polished diamonds following the movement of his hand .
tr	NN	The more her wrist slid downward , the tighter the rope became .
tr	NN	" That bullet barely missed your head . "
tr	NN	As she said this a bleary eyed Catherine walked out and came and put her arms around Mathew .
tr	NN	The beautiful diplomat strode inside with grace and dignity .
tr	NN	The Dakota 's courtyard has essentially looked the same for 100 years , give or take some cleaning , painting , and so on .
tr	NN	Down the rider came .
tr	NNS	Her wrists were red and looked like they 'd been rubbed raw .
tr	NNS	" Soldiers came on Monday after Easter .
tr	NNS	There were two types : a man-made electromagnetic pulse , which had negative effects on electronic equipment .
tr	NNS	Looks like he was intimidated by the COO who 's his superior .
tr	NN	" That healer is human and humans are idiots .
tr	NNS	Books were aligned in tight rows , spines assorted by author , all standing straight as men at attention .
tr	NN	Our electricity and telephone and car gas money , " Lydia said , nodding .
tr	NN	A good theory but my progress was slow .
tr	NN	A jug of wine was empty but there was water in another .
tr	NNS	Then the murmurs started .
tr	NNS	In the distance were two humanoid figures , leaning against the trunk of a pine .
tr	NNS	Lots of people come and go .
tr	NN	Maybe there was a plausible explanation .
tr	NN	The cellar behind the demolished wall had some barrels in it and looked as if it was regularly used .
tr	NN	" Of course , darling , " I murmured to the cabinet with the coffee mugs , taking two down .
tr	NN	But as he got closer to the road where Eve 's trailer was , the worse the damage was .
tr	NN	Judas ' sudden bark from just the other side startled her and she took a step back as the door swung open .
tr	NNS	" New clientele are coming in .
tr	NN	" Neither have I , " his partner agreed .
tr	NNS	At the time , factions were fighting over territory , land and rights to licenses .
tr	NN	There was a pulse , but it was faint and sluggish .
tr	NNS	Sometimes dying pride leaders do that , when their power has passed on .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of what had taken place the last time I had stood in the room flashed through my mind .
tr	NNS	Things feel strange and awkward .
tr	NN	Good and evil would battle together to face an adversary that was the most evil of all .
tr	NN	The liquid inside the cylinders began to bubble and fizz as something began to grow in the empty cylinder in the pair .
tr	NNS	Now the twins were six years old and she still didn 't have the time .
tr	NNS	Her instincts were in the driving seat now .
tr	NN	This medication coupled with alcohol became the perfect camouflage , by repressing my emotional extremes .
tr	NN	In under five seconds , complete chaos had taken over the situation .
tr	NN	Part of me already knew there was no stopping this .
tr	NN	" Where is that socket daddy ? "
tr	NNS	Others had to feel safer , more secure , simply by entering her presence .
tr	NN	And the wiser climbed .
tr	NNS	Red scales began to appear on his hands and on the corners of his face .
tr	NNS	" Like I said before , appearances can be deceiving . "
tr	NNS	Two wolves stood sentry at the double doors , one the pure white of a snowflake , the other a rainbow of golds .
tr	NNS	The villagers beat the child and poured acid on the woman 's face .
tr	NN	The cough of an abused engine startles me and I am rigid with alarm as Jake 's truck materializes around the corner .
tr	NN	Logan 's persona turned serious again .
tr	NNS	His forearms screamed to her that both the little bones in them were broken , and the flesh around it pinched and bruised .
tr	NNS	She didn 't differentiate between vampires , werewolves , Shields or ghosts , all creatures paid the same price for the spells they needed .
tr	NNS	Bugs continued to torment me ; it seemed they were waiting for me to sleep or die so they could feast on my body .
tr	NNS	Angelus stared at Xavier 's hand as if it was infected .
tr	NN	Hank and my mom were holding hands across the table and gazing into each other 's eyes in a deeply private way .
tr	NN	Her mother-in-law , Holly Colter , would be the first to tell her that .
tr	NNS	Marius coughed loudly and appeared around the side of the car .
tr	NNS	Instead of interrupting , the wind 's brief sudden calms only added to the unearthly atmosphere , before fiercely resuming .
tr	NNS	" Any suggestions about things we should consider asking them ?
tr	NN	The lifeguard they ogled most was Ian .
tr	NN	" My darling Laura .
tr	NNS	" Some vamps think humans are dirty and biting 's a little too throwback .
tr	NNS	Lights surrounded it , green to blue to white , pulsating light , with humming sound .
tr	NNS	White , livid spots spread across tree bark .
tr	NNS	After all , ghosts were famous for their ability to drift through walls .
tr	NNS	" There are twelve frames here .
tr	NN	The animation immediately left her face .
tr	NNS	The creatures made no move to attack , but stood watching the group with obvious interest .
tr	NNS	Cars whizzed by on the street beside us , but I didn 't hear them .
tr	NNS	Their punches seem to be burning one another .
tr	NNS	Moments later , tall , cloaked figures emerge from the trees surrounding us .
tr	NNS	The floors were plywood , though bundles of exotic , tongue and groove hardwood lined the far end of the great room , awaiting installation .
tr	NNS	Several different snores punctuated the silence , and every so often she would hear someone shifting position .
tr	NN	Still , Andrew 's email to Mike bothered him .
tr	NNS	Cars coming and going on two wheels or four was all in a day 's work .
tr	NNS	Our tickets cost a little more than anyone else 's because of it .
tr	NN	The coroner says that her head was struck on something sharp and wooden .
tr	NNS	The first two classes weren 't bad .
tr	NN	Her ID listed her name as Janelle .
tr	NNS	Lives that couldn 't just be uprooted .
tr	NNS	From two vantage points sequestered figures observed in silence as the elegant jet taxied to a stop in front of the Legacy Aviation hangar .
tr	NN	But his stupidity over Jane Thornton could have jeopardized his position , especially when you discovered that her father had tracked her to his doorstep .
tr	NNS	There were images of great trees with people sitting at the top .
tr	NNS	And the drugs she took in her late teens made the image even fuzzier .
tr	NNS	" There 's almost six hundred fat grams in the entire bucket . "
tr	NNS	Moses possessed a sort of hidden toughness , in the same way that a dog looks hardly fearsome when relaxed .
tr	NN	The startled grunt of surprise and pain it issued was music to her ears .
tr	NN	My resolve weakened and a little whimper of want escaped me .
tr	NN	Its OK to kill folks for the hell of it if you hain 't had no schooling .
tr	NNS	Animals can 't do that . "
tr	NNS	Things twittered in the trees .
tr	NN	The sentiment in her voice is almost tangible .
tr	NN	A shrill whistle bursts through the air .
tr	NNS	The two species faced one another , moving warily to give themselves fighting room , yet careful not to trigger an attack .
tr	NN	* * * The airport laid quietly and deserted when John Taylor opened the door to his living container and stepped out into the early morning dusk .
tr	NNS	Her lists picked up speed and length by the minute as if she had to get everything documented for him before she left .
tr	NNS	But then his eyelids lowered , black lashes veiling the brightness .
tr	NN	There 's a stack of magazines by the front door , along with the mail .
tr	NNS	Makes you think , doesn 't it . "
tr	NN	His command was stronger this time .
tr	NN	" Happy birthday , Collin , " she said as she kissed both my cheeks .
tr	NN	Anton 's lust for revenge had grown weaker with the time that he spent with Ayame , which led him to think more of Clarissa .
tr	NN	" The physical education teacher at Christian 's school . "
tr	NNS	Mousse 's hidden chains would be best for taking out the swords .
tr	NNS	Marius held a chunk of bread in one hand and chewed loudly .
tr	NNS	The two companions exchanged looks in silence and Groth shook his head .
tr	NN	Kate 's grandmother had been of old Vermont blood , and money .
tr	NNS	It was a page from an old Mac manual , the colours faded to a pale , nearly transparent blue .
tr	NN	The function of communication is to transmit knowledge .
tr	NN	The van out the front seemed so damn obvious .
tr	NNS	When I spoke , his sobs got even quieter .
tr	NN	A kitten with a white front paw scampered right over and nosed her fingers .
tr	NN	" I can tell you the pup is in very rough shape .
tr	NN	The stench was not wholly muffled by the covering linen , but it wafted behind him rather than before .
tr	NNS	In this darkness , chances were now pretty slim that they 'd see anything .
tr	NNS	Two more Officials barrel towards us when we reach the first floor , but within ten seconds the Guardians have left them unconscious on the opaque floor .
tr	NNS	Any witnesses in Command will be worthless .
tr	NNS	Countless entire runs of TV shows from forever ago .
tr	NN	And page 23 was missing from a memory book that was most probably Anna 's .
tr	NN	A generous plaza preceded the main entrance to the library .
tr	NNS	" Those black dwarves are shooting at us ! "
tr	NN	The giant bookcase drew her attention .
tr	NN	All just rig hammocks and fall into them .
tr	NN	A casual observer would think that life was pretty good right about now .
tr	NN	When the full complement was committed to the cell and each other the leader started afresh .
tr	NN	Behind the painting was a mechanism activating a hidden camera .
tr	NN	My instinct told me that he was harmless and it was alright to let him in .
tr	NNS	Lights blazed from all the windows .
tr	NN	" A meteorite of this size is a very rare find , Ms. Sexton .
tr	NN	The quantity of amphetamines she 'd taken in the last 24 hours had killed any desire she might have had for food .
tr	NN	His hunger can be patient .
tr	NN	When he squeezed the shot away , black powder , still burning , jetted up and sprayed his black forehead .
tr	NNS	The newspapers also reported that the duke 's wife staunchly refused to wear black until she had proof of her husband 's death .
tr	NNS	Reyes blinked in surprise as he faced his friend .
tr	NNS	Many pilgrims carried their heavy burden of sorrows and pain up the mountain to get relief .
tr	NNS	The directions of ends and beginnings are polar and perfect in the way they fit together .
tr	NN	" Aye , ' t is . "
tr	NNS	Chase 's movements grew rough and clumsy , and Jamie recognized the signs of his impending release .
tr	NNS	Shelton smiled so wide , bits of partially chewed bread and peanut butter extruded from the sides of his mouth .
tr	NNS	There were deadly fights .
tr	NNS	The outsiders looked out for each other .
tr	NNS	Miraculously , her unique items had caught on , and she sold enough to make a living , never really needing to touch the money Travis sent .
tr	NNS	With the windows facing each other the reflection held many images , realities imposed one atop the other .
tr	NN	Maggie 's shriek from back in the bedroom made me grin .
tr	NN	The canine relaxed even more and settled into the seat .
tr	NNS	His eyelids cracked open .
tr	NN	The compulsion or Jace 's feelings for her ?
tr	NN	The passion that had begun to wane in their marriage was back .
tr	NNS	Directly behind the heavy wooden case , there were five sand paintings of varying sizes .
tr	NN	But sanity and reason prevailed , and I stayed sitting on my cushion .
tr	NN	The Battle of Concepcion was a complete disaster for General Cos and his army .
tr	NNS	Any bad experiences with private jets , " he asks .
tr	NN	I hated him , everything inch of him screamed cheat and liar .
tr	NNS	Two DVDs in rental cases sat next to the array , tagged with a common yellow sticky note which read : Dimitri , return these on Monday .
tr	NN	The siren nodded slowly .
tr	NNS	Army uniforms , cotton basics , and fancy dresses are all I 've known lately .
tr	NN	The demon leader took a threatening step toward the brunette .
tr	NNS	His whisker burns abraded her neck , and he smelled himself all over her .
tr	NNS	Werewolves don 't share .
tr	NNS	Things no one else could know . "
tr	NNS	Jeff 's heavy footsteps now picked up pace and made their way to the stairwell and down .
tr	NNS	" Our data centers advise that we 've skipped forward some fifteen years .
tr	NNS	While they planned for his inauguration at a later date , opponents immediately called for investigations into voter fraud and election violations .
tr	NN	the footman checked , receiving a nod from the Count .
tr	NN	The huge , nasty bruise that Nate put on my arm .
tr	NN	But not one Tick could accept .
tr	NN	The priest squinted hard at the door and sniffed the air , his nose twitching as if in imitation of Hai Hai 's .
tr	NNS	The floors were black and white marble and were covered with red carpets .
tr	NN	From that point on , Ashley 's treatment moved swiftly .
tr	NN	Love nodded and smiled .
tr	NN	His prey wouldn 't go anywhere .
tr	NNS	Reyes wasn 't sure how he felt about the coming birth .
tr	NN	The reserve did not go away and the friendly mood was spoilt .
tr	NNS	My grandparents did their best to help their daughter try to raise her newborn son .
tr	NNS	Those deaths in Star Cove bother him , even though they were trying to kill his friends and capture him .
tr	NNS	Kids like Moose gave her an extra wide berth , treating her a little differently from how he treated the rest of us .
tr	NN	There was a narrow staircase rising up the wall to his right with stout beams holding it up .
tr	NNS	The little horse 's nostrils flared again as it looked down the narrow canyon .
tr	NNS	The teachers also had the same haunted look despite their bright words .
tr	NNS	" A drinks menu ? "
tr	NN	The vampire priest slumped in a set of chains , still unconscious .
tr	NN	Every passenger onboard this tram would be aware of the story .
tr	NN	Her sister-in-law went limp , so horribly dead , as the weapon tumbled from her limp grip .
tr	NN	A cushy job ruling over a bunch domesticated clan people sounded really good .
tr	NNS	Jewels finished with the muscles , then sewed the skin closed with a thick string .
tr	NN	What proof did the mayor claim to possess ?
tr	NNS	Hungry bellies and religious fervor prevailed as war erupted in the Middle East .
tr	NN	" No nap for you , buddy .
tr	NNS	The uniforms checked it out this morning , and we found the Zodiac sign .
tr	NN	A cascade of gasps sweeps over the group , virtually none of them expecting Marcy 's rumor to come to fruition .
tr	NN	No sympathy could stir in his heart .
tr	NNS	The upper floors were larger than the lower giving the whole a top heavy appearance .
tr	NNS	" There were a few fights in the beginning , but they 're happy now . "
tr	NNS	Fire rages inside of me as the voice sinks in .
tr	NNS	The commonplace suggestions of the scene became grotesque at this stage .
tr	NN	The chemical smells eroding my brain .
tr	NNS	His neat tendencies remained , however , which was wonderful .
tr	NNS	Things were changing rapidly and I was trying to keep up .
tr	NNS	A few directions from a passerby , and I was on my way .
tr	NN	A gorgeous leggy brunette had walked in and introduced herself as Diane .
tr	NN	" An appeal to nostalgia that no one remembers probably isn 't going to cut it . "
tr	NN	A faint sheen of red glowed from the depths of his black eyes .
tr	NN	When my head broke through the top of the water both Will ow and Larissa were clapping .
tr	NNS	Lights began flicking on in the neighbouring houses , and curtains were swished back .
tr	NN	The policeman tumbled back and lost his grip on the rifle .
tr	NN	My therapist had once declared that I had the unnerving tendency to feel things that weren 't there , things that didn 't even exist .
tr	NNS	The goblins immediately put on their sunglasses .
tr	NN	The loading dock , the most direct entrance into the building , was straight ahead .
tr	NN	The lord likes a fast learner . '
tr	NNS	The nurses stood at the ready .
tr	NN	The troll dropped to her knees and used the knife to cut through the shoulder strap .
tr	NN	A lance of genuine surprise ran me through .
tr	NNS	The styles now are similar to those popular in the 1930s .
tr	NNS	That evening , the twin suns vanished simultaneously , and didn 't reappear until Kate and Jason had retrieved the sand yacht .
tr	NN	The pilot was good .
tr	NN	The campus wireless network doesn 't reach this far . "
tr	NNS	Others become mercenaries and sometimes die in battle or save earnings to retire late in life .
tr	NNS	Of course , all my activities revolved around my duties for the ASD .
tr	NN	Like he 'd done her some charitable favor by going out with her .
tr	NNS	" There are GED classes two nights a week at the Courthouse .
tr	NN	One observer then noticed it moved contrary to the direction of the wind .
tr	NN	There was also an historical expose in the Manuscript detailing the historical background to the affair and the reason behind it .
tr	NN	A tremor of excitement shuddered deep at her core , in a part she thought long dead .
tr	NN	A kilometer on , the pavement came to an abrupt end in the middle of a village .
tr	NN	The roar pealed in the entire room .
tr	NNS	Aurelius soothed me as best he could when he folded both of us to his spacious home on the light half of the planet .
tr	NNS	Aurelius had already seen her skip earlier .
tr	NN	The sage repeated the gesture a third time .
tr	NNS	Things are not proceeding as we had hoped . "
tr	NN	A wide staircase led up three levels to its massive glass facade .
tr	NN	Even the good captain himself swallowed and took a step back .
tr	NNS	The same magic users that had aided Varia with the blight were all quick to scramble and seize a piece of her former land .
tr	NN	Remarkably , her shield held .
tr	NN	The lever came with it , throwing her back and onto the glass .
tr	NNS	His footsteps pounded heavily on the wooden platform , so loudly that he didn 't know if Erica was following behind him .
tr	NNS	Chills ran down my spine as all the vampires possessed by Elders set their sights on me .
tr	NNS	The roads were just as icy coming back into Fruit Ridge County .
tr	NNS	The trousers he wore was a bit bulky for him though it adds on his cuteness .
tr	NNS	The weight-lifting trucker twins had taken an interest .
tr	NN	The owl had settled on the rooftop above their heads , its dark eyes fixed intently on Destiny 's face .
tr	NN	The nightly sweep was another reason I 'd chosen to make my approach through the air duct , rather than just hiding in a dark corner somewhere .
tr	NNS	Looks like Dr. Peterson was doing well to test almost fifty percent of his patients ! "
tr	NN	At noon , a florist 's delivery van parked outside her house .
tr	NNS	All the old Alchemist instincts to follow orders kicked in .
tr	NN	" Oh dear , it seems as though they 've got an infestation , " an older gentleman was saying .
tr	NNS	The wolves quit howling , but they continued growling menacingly .
tr	NNS	Huntress recognized him immediately .
tr	NN	Soon , the stench grew so potent that , by the time we neared the wooden structures , we were all pinching our noses in disgust .
tr	NNS	Hands on her hips , Sarah gritted her teeth and said , " I have to get my other bag . "
tr	NNS	His movements were jerky and erratic , like a bird 's .
tr	NNS	His accusations of treason executed Baron Hargreaves , her father .
tr	NNS	As I look up at the phosphorescent galaxy , letters come together and form words .
tr	NNS	The chances of survival are slim .
tr	NNS	" Diana , there are foot prints on the beach . "
tr	NN	I smiled up at him , smiled so widely my cheeks ached .
tr	NN	" Du n no ' , she said , " depends on the parents from Hell .
tr	NN	( A description which I am sure my mother has herself done everything to foster except hand out broadsheets . )
tr	NNS	The captain downstairs drew his mother aside .
tr	NNS	Others had to be warned .
tr	NNS	Whole grains , low in saturated fat , emphasis on vegetables and fruits , locally sourced and mostly organic .
tr	NNS	But yet , the rotten apples still linger on the tree . "
tr	NNS	There were several one gallon containers next to the table .
tr	NNS	Once he had finished to great applause , the servants began to bring out steaming plates of meats , root vegetables , and freshly baked bread .
tr	NN	The fire snake disappeared and she lay twisting in pain with her eyes closed , unaware of the new arrivals .
tr	NNS	" Just a bad dream , baby girl , " Mom whispers against Sara 's forehead .
tr	NNS	Then , two other ghostly images appeared behind her .
tr	NNS	The two servants almost collided , compliments of the madly swinging door .
tr	NNS	Now his eyelids were damming hot tears he desperately wanted to hide .
tr	NN	" Your honor , I have one final piece of evidence .
tr	NNS	The two gunmen backed toward it , but seemed unable to resist a few parting shots .
tr	NN	" How 's the external vision filter ? "
tr	NNS	Impulsive actions could ruin everything . "
tr	NNS	His curses turned to muffled sounds of protest .
tr	NN	" Two women dying on their wedding day sounds lucky , " the sheriff mused .
tr	NN	Finally the principal demanded my mom take me to a doctor to be tested .
tr	NNS	Looks like someone got to the electrical panel . "
tr	NN	The chaplain couldn 't have looked more alarmed if she had insulted God Himself .
tr	NN	The ninja leader shook his head vociferously .
tr	NN	But there was no point dwelling on that .
tr	NN	But the rapid beating of her heart betrayed her .
tr	NN	Love said nothing as he manoeuvred the car round the roundabout before coming to a complete stop .
tr	NN	" Carlisle gave her the option , " the redhead said .
tr	NN	His supposed " weakness " had cut him deeply .
tr	NNS	The gears in Fay 's head clicked .
tr	NNS	Gut wrenching sobs racked her body .
tr	NN	Happy birthday ... I love you . "
tr	NNS	The bikes disappeared underneath their feet and both fighters held their breath in anticipation for the crash that would follow .
tr	NNS	Then , the senior associates and partners do the dirty work .
tr	NN	Every nerve in his body had been buzzing since she 'd appeared on the tram .
tr	NN	The specimen looked different than it did in Dr. Zorba 's lab .
tr	NN	" Uh " , replies the Stranger , shoulders slumped -- all too aware of his disheartening lack of elegance .
tr	NN	Nor would any other species be so alerted by her scent .
tr	NN	All that mattered was finding her before she could be hurt .
tr	NN	And actual government economic regime taken ... to do your bidding ?
tr	NNS	Apparently zombie drugs and daily rounds of Kumbaya will solve all my problems .
tr	NN	His clothing ripped from the transformation like a cheesy Hulk movie .
tr	NN	" The gala is next week ... " " I know , " Garrett said .
tr	NN	Our leader rose from his throne , emerging from his earthen hut , bathed in dirt , eyes glaring red .
tr	NN	The ploy was obvious .
tr	NNS	The headaches were back , along with the sharp pains in the neck and along the spine .
tr	NN	My eyes flutter shut as she rides me so hard , harder than she ever has .
tr	NN	The writing is really messy , on account of not being able to feel my hands .
tr	NNS	The ladies in white are wasting their time , and my time .
tr	NN	The pilot knows where he 's going .
tr	NNS	The twin figures pulled away , each heading in a different direction .
tr	NN	And yet the dragon did not abandon him .
tr	NNS	Jack and Mike 's shouts echoed through the jungle .
tr	NN	Then , slowly , careful y , I loosened my hold on his fingers .
tr	NNS	There 's also all those other investors , big and small , some very small ; some people 's life savings and all that sort of thing .
tr	NNS	No security cameras and no nearby instant cash machines that might supply a visual diary .
tr	NN	Love spilled through her as she wondered what magical fate had ever brought this Were into her life .
tr	NN	She did let slip that Stuart was experiencing a remarkable growth spurt and she couldn , t quite figure it out .
tr	NN	The Jeep hit a shallow divot in the ground and sand flew up over the windshield to sting Haven 's face .
tr	NN	His facial tissue forms a horizontal band from the upper ear across both eye sockets to the other side of the ear .
tr	NN	" The pub 's next door . "
tr	NN	On the back was a neatly printed schedule of what looked like an awful lot of dates and times .
tr	NN	" The snake pit 's just this lame place where you find old arrowheads .
tr	NNS	Waves of guilt washed over me .
tr	NNS	At poor old Gramps 's expense .
tr	NN	A police siren blared somewhere down the street .
tr	NNS	Looks like you 've had enough to drink already .
tr	NN	The suffering is not from God ; therefore God is not asked to be merciful ; He is asked to rescue you . "
tr	NNS	Things had changed during her sickness .
tr	NN	The notion surprised him .
tr	NN	More applause than had greeted any of their other songs .
tr	NNS	If the raw edges never healed ?
tr	NN	A twig snapped , followed by a muffled laugh .
tr	NNS	There were two course changes along the way , the axes x , y , and z all accounted for .
tr	NN	The agent gestured to their surroundings .
tr	NNS	My headaches are worse every day , and full of all those flapping wings .
tr	NNS	Her body relaxes against mine and her arms tighten around my shoulders , giving in .
tr	NN	The other scenario is that you 'll transfer into your own version of the memory .
tr	NN	Oliver 's recovery from last spring 's injuries had been a slow one .
tr	NN	The salad is in the fridge . "
tr	NN	Part of her wanted to throw her arms around him while the other part wanted to slap him for almost doing something so nobly , lethally stupid .
tr	NNS	There are also two types of questions that don 't have answers to check ; questions people have asked before , and questions nobody has ever asked .
tr	NNS	Then his extremities go numb .
tr	NN	" Your subconscious could be revealing to you some of your locked away memories .
tr	NNS	Their paws left dark stains in the snow around her boots .
tr	NN	The only difficulty is that if you shout very loudly outside , the door closest to you will open .
tr	NNS	Long reddish brown curly locks fell and rested on her level shoulders .
tr	NNS	The media will be all over that . "
tr	NN	What if the break-in was a cover up for someone closer to home ?
tr	NN	" And what 's the benefit to that ? "
tr	NNS	Real wolves didn 't have any .
tr	NNS	The recruits were silent .
tr	NN	An injection of digestive juices seemed most likely .
tr	NNS	When the spoiled young bride was alone , the fairies entered to do their mischief .
tr	NNS	The figures barely showed up at all .
tr	NNS	There were several gates .
tr	NN	The fellow you obliterated had probably been feeding for days before the others arrived here .
tr	NN	A command whispers in his ear .
tr	NN	The one consolation I felt was that in normal times this would be a dangerous place to walk alone at night .
tr	NN	All my suffering made sense in light of the woes of the world and Christ 's mission to save us from sin .
tr	NNS	Even ducks can do it , and they have nae brains at a ' . '
tr	NNS	Then the pool cleaners came .
tr	NNS	The sirens were heading east , and he was heading west .
tr	NN	The medicine didn 't help ? "
tr	NN	The bump on her head was throbbing , but it didn 't matter .
tr	NNS	Above her , three muffled shots went off in succession .
tr	NN	Our little Tabby is here .
tr	NNS	The two detectives waited but I was no longer in a sharing mood .
tr	NNS	The butterflies were back .
tr	NNS	There were my grandparents , Lydia , Katie , and most importantly , Evan .
tr	NN	As for Ty , his body tingled and desire settled low in his belly .
tr	NN	" Sorry about the view , " the pilot said , glancing over his shoulders .
tr	NNS	His movements were jerky and uneven .
tr	NN	" What is your command , Father ? "
tr	NN	There was no mistaking the long dark hair and the golden circlet of the girl in the front of the strange green canoe .
tr	NNS	There 's cots here , a shower , and he 's got a kitchen where we can fix our own food .
tr	NN	Maybe the photograph was even a warning .
tr	NNS	Only a few couples remained , and a small group of girls , gathered together in a corner .
tr	NNS	Instead , her pupils grew huge and she licked her lips , sweeping her tongue across his finger in a hot caress .
tr	NN	The addict inside her didn 't want her clean side to get a chance to fight back .
tr	NNS	Words obviously weren 't working , so he decided to speak in the only successful way he 'd been able to communicate with her - through passion .
tr	NNS	' My grandparents will hardly be there , and even if they were , they 'd love you . '
tr	NNS	Chills traveled down her spine as he pulled her even closer and his lips moved against the rim of her ear .
tr	NNS	" Because we 've been through dozens of gnomes , enemy tunnels , a spider 's lair , and through the end of damn world .
tr	NN	The railing is a Norse , swirling pattern constructed from brushed golden metal .
tr	NNS	Flames flickered higher , bronzing his already tanned skin in an amber glow .
tr	NNS	The three minds were moving towards me , but it was Rowling they were after .
tr	NNS	In the face of unconditional love , Boko 's fears receded , while his grandfather prepared tea in the traditional way .
tr	NN	The bundle of meat weighed nearly five pounds ; five minutes on high would partially cook it , and yet still leave a portion of it frozen .
tr	NN	" Ok , now walk her around the corral .
tr	NN	A dusty throw rug covered the floor in the center of that circle .
tr	NN	Ice cream had that effect on her , especially the chocolate kind .
tr	NN	Still , Kimber 's aura remained cloudy .
tr	NNS	Rawlings turned to Sebastian .
tr	NN	The priest struck a long match and then laid it inside the receptacle .
tr	NN	" The way I figure it , the worst-case scenario will mean a decline in sales in the garment of choice . "
tr	NNS	" Folks , little Maria is missing .
tr	NNS	So the raids ceased .
tr	NN	Finally , the mechanism disengaged .
tr	NN	" No -- the session is over .
tr	NNS	" Your characters don 't know where to go . "
tr	NNS	Myles heard Rex ask .
tr	NNS	When he did , two servants could not lift Samson off of him .
tr	NN	The race starts in two hours . "
tr	NNS	There was nothing accusatory in Bobo 's voice , but Olivia looked away nonetheless .
tr	NNS	Like their patron , the devil , pirates must make mischief their sport , cruelty their delight , and damning of souls their constant employment . "
tr	NNS	" Those two goons would get a good laugh if they found us like this -- right before they blew our heads off , of course . "
tr	NNS	The spots where it had fallen and melted against my skin still stung and burned , but the memory covered me like an embrace .
tr	NNS	" Bugs have hands now ? "
tr	NNS	In her hands were Internet searches on antifreeze .
tr	NNS	Even the fans they 'd brought in didn 't help .
tr	NNS	Police or military they couldn 't tell which yet .
tr	NNS	Nine sentences that made no sense at all or seemed to be related to each other in any way .
tr	NNS	Then his thumbs slid across her cheekbones with a tenderness that knotted her belly with want .
tr	NN	" You know her well enough , " the chaplain reminded him , throwing Riley 's own words back in his face .
tr	NN	The abrupt transition of her emotions gave me momentary pause for concern -- curious by her apparent disinterest .
tr	NN	My Grandfather watched it . "
tr	NN	An iron chandelier splashed dim rays across a vaulted ceiling .
tr	NNS	The zombies fell one by one as if knocked down by the unseen wind .
tr	NN	And her stepmother did not hesitate to take the opportunity she 'd been handed on a platter .
tr	NNS	As time moved on , both factions clashed as all out war ignited .
tr	NN	The balcony of my apartment became the place where I would sit each evening , drink wine , and feel sorry for myself .
tr	NNS	Her tits are bouncing over the top of her bra with each thrust .
tr	NN	The general secretary pondered .
tr	NNS	The whores looked fed .
tr	NNS	But as he sustained his life his followers died .
tr	NN	One gentleman grabs my hand .
tr	NN	Before she could shout at him to let go of her , a lick of slim silver fire hurtled between them .
tr	NNS	Our business leaders and their executives will not be too happy about having to stop at home and play Monopoly every night .
tr	NNS	Soft footsteps padded down the steps .
tr	NN	His mate , Ted , saw him come in , saw the flushed face and smile and demanded to know what had happened .
tr	NNS	" 200 acres to the first one who gets a girl to the altar and marries her .
tr	NN	Kelsey stepped inside the air-conditioned trailer , which put her dilapidated camper to shame .
tr	NN	The author also used some photographs of his own to also help tell the story .
tr	NN	Her communicator beeped again .
tr	NNS	His companions were not the listening type anyway .
tr	NNS	If they dare to touch him ... images flashed through her mind , too quickly to count , of what she would do to them .
tr	NNS	The insects were silent .
tr	NNS	And on top of that , the side frames fell on top of him , sending him sprawling into the room .
tr	NN	a policeman asked when I opened the door .
tr	NN	Nevertheless , the pub looked unfortunately popular .
tr	NNS	The surroundings started to return back to their normal colours .
tr	NNS	" Our supplies were running low , and I thought I recognized some berry bushes a little ways back . "
tr	NN	There also a range of venomous serpents .
tr	NN	The children 's wing of the hospital needed renovations and she 'd put a lot of time into coordinating a fundraiser .
tr	NNS	Chills shot through Elizabeth , and she shook as I snaked my hand just under the hem of her sweatshirt .
tr	NN	There was no flight log , no orders or manifests ; nothing at all .
tr	NNS	How had visitors managed to invade their dream ?
tr	NNS	The burns he left on my other wrist with his cigarette butt feel like it was still burning through my skin .
tr	NN	" There 's no other explanation . "
tr	NNS	Thoughts whirled around in my mind about finding the love of my life .
tr	NNS	All the old fears and hurts from my former marriage came crowding back .
tr	NNS	All my insecurities came flooding back and I wanted to scream and shout .
tr	NNS	Names , characters , businesses , places , events and incidents are either the products of the author 's imagination or used in a fictitious manner .
tr	NN	Skyla 's torso starts in on a slow gyration , and I secure my arms over her .
tr	NNS	Those chains , those energy hooks and power grappling irons had torn the creature in half .
tr	NNS	The slugs also ingest it . "
tr	NNS	The actors eagerly gathered their belongings , chatting animatedly as they headed out the door in groups of two and three .
tr	NN	The courtyard was silent .
tr	NN	My Master himself , burdened though he was , blessed our union .
tr	NN	There was an angry grunt , a curse and the sound of the glass breaking .
tr	NNS	For a while the three companions remained silent , gazing after him .
tr	NN	" No , well slightly and ... the bump hurts . "
tr	NNS	And with that both mothers jumped up and down clapping their hands like two small children .
tr	NNS	" Horse pills and broken records , " said Jenkins .
tr	NNS	His modern incarnation was larger , 280 feet , and instead of wood the latest composite materials made her light and sleek .
tr	NN	The yard was neat , the grass clipped , but with no real landscaping to speak of .
tr	NNS	" The directions said we should wait five minutes , but I don 't think we need them .
tr	NN	The Dark was on her trail now .
tr	NNS	To the best of his knowledge , no other candidates had declared their intentions to run against him .
tr	NNS	" These young minds are gon na be scarred for life . "
tr	NNS	Eden 's leaders say they have nuclear missiles . "
tr	NNS	The creatures he faced pulsed with the power as if their very existence generated it .
tr	NN	" Please , m ' lady , let me help ye board , " the captain said as took Alice 's delicate hand in his .
tr	NNS	Things are fine . "
tr	NNS	The sirens were wailing , growing ever closer , and she was staring into Duncan 's eyes as he thrust deep into her .
tr	NN	A landing approached below , opening into a room to her left .
tr	NNS	The gunmen turned away and conversed in hushed tones , gesturing repeatedly at Cesar 's terrified group and pointing north .
tr	NNS	The fur stores are advertising their annual sales .
tr	NN	The bluish glow emanating from the image swelled and receded along a constant path around the tattoo .
tr	NNS	Girls never smile at me like that .
tr	NN	" I 'm sorry but Mr Vincent isn 't in today , he 's working from home , " the receptionist informed them .
tr	NNS	The colors had yet to dry completely , so she was careful as she carted it into the bedroom .
tr	NN	The minion was a hardcore gamer .
tr	NNS	Countless swarms of red orange bugs swirled and danced light off the walls of stone .
tr	NNS	The authorities would love that .
tr	NNS	Goss let himself out of the condo and walked down the cracked sidewalk .
tr	NNS	And the shapeshifters have always been ... the lowest of all the Night People . "
tr	NN	The guns click click click Every moment is loaded .
tr	NN	" The building was cleared out , leaving the group of uniques , who started smelling kerosene , one anonymous witness reported .
tr	NN	" We ' ll figure it out . "
tr	NNS	Lives depended upon her .
tr	NNS	" Surrounding objects breed the senses .
tr	NNS	Suddenly Silver 's nostrils flared .
tr	NN	Even so , his rapid momentum kept his head attached and propelled his body toward me .
tr	NN	The clothing he was wearing was comfortable enough , and the floor ... rolled a bit as he lay there .
tr	NNS	Two paces in Becky stopped abruptly .
tr	NNS	Mandatory pregnancy tests were in her future .
tr	NNS	" Young ladies do not run around in their undergarments , no matter how much those undergarments may resemble regular clothing . "
tr	NN	The golem gave this some thought . '
tr	NN	But the angel is there .
tr	NN	About two minutes later a roar erupted which shook pebbles from their places and sent a shiver through Marta 's spine .
tr	NNS	Individual regrets get washed away by an innocuous sorry but the overall toll on the body of society is long lasting .
tr	NNS	The pirates laughed and Baldi cackled , tapping Udall 's shoulder .
tr	NNS	The band members and Boyd sat at one table devouring more toasted sandwiches and pints of beer .
tr	NNS	After all , chances were that after this evening , she 'd never see Jack Gamble again .
tr	NN	The problem was , every time you dumped it out , the goblet was full again .
tr	NN	The texture of the leather was smooth and glossy but the slight crease near the toes and various small nicks gave it a rough , unrefined edge .
tr	NN	A blush detonates across my cheek , and when Wilder pulls me under his arm , I keep going until I bury my face in his chest .
tr	NNS	Dragons were the stuff of myths , fairy tales , and fantasy novels .
tr	NN	Implemented a few months ago , the network was a success .
tr	NNS	Wandering aimlessly , figures lurched across the screen .
tr	NN	And after she 'd left Todd 's dorm , her eldest brother Kyle called with an emergency of his own .
tr	NN	The trailer also had two wheels and it made loud creaking noises from the bar that connected it to the vehicle .
tr	NNS	A dozen objections had come to mind .
tr	NNS	The gorillas had learned from the earlier assaults , and now were intent on finishing the job .
tr	NN	A dark-haired , dark-skinned and outrageously beautiful girl , plopped right down onto Kellan 's lap and kissed him .
tr	NNS	The yanks have dropped another one , mate ! "
tr	NNS	There were no roads or trading routes that passed through there .
tr	NN	A natural instinct makes me squeeze my knees together for a moment , but then Ashton starts kissing me with a new level of intensity .
tr	NNS	The stores dry up , and the road becomes more playful , sneaking cracks and potholes under our wheels .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids fluttered at the pleasure of coming together .
tr	NN	There was a core of gentleness within his control that spoke to her and promised no pain .
tr	NNS	The inches quickly deepened to metres .
tr	NNS	Considering I 'd landed in the window well looking for a place to hide from pursing footsteps , chances were good he 'd returned .
tr	NN	There was some applause but mostly good-natured boos and shouts of " fix . "
tr	NNS	Sometimes there were some minor variations due to temperature .
tr	NNS	His emergency supplies continued to reveal themselves as he tried to make his friend feel better .
tr	NNS	Half hauled , half scrambling , Frodo came up and threw himself on the ground .
tr	NN	The red liquid made my clothes cling to my body .
tr	NN	Love means not going to jail .
tr	NNS	Yesterday the planes came over .
tr	NNS	The pilgrims celebrated together until the sun faded .
tr	NN	A gas can , loose change from the ashtray in his car .
tr	NNS	The edges of his vision were going dark , but he could still feel the pain .
tr	NNS	Things needed to move .
tr	NN	The cord between us reappeared , wrapping around our joined hands .
tr	NN	" There 's really no good explanation as to why I kept my parents ' identity from you .
tr	NNS	The bars would be about as wide as his shoulders and about two by four inches .
tr	NN	His body language communicated great pride and confidence .
tr	NNS	The metallic tentacles burst out of the armoured car 's front plates .
tr	NN	There was determination in his voice .
tr	NNS	Ronan 's forearms came up , all instinct , to protect himself .
tr	NN	The rap at the door became more forceful and Danny felt his irritation rise with the heat .
tr	NN	" No context , " he said .
tr	NN	There was a rap on the roof and the carriage rolled away .
tr	NN	The defense was wrapping up , and a verdict would be coming in .
tr	NN	The plaza was silent .
tr	NNS	Aris , in white shirt and pants that hugged every slope and bulge of his perfection and offset his glowing tan .
tr	NNS	His hunting instincts warned it was better to get closer to her before showing his hand .
tr	NNS	The warriors who would take the first shift were already here .
tr	NNS	Myles had sent a deputy by the name of Campbell to get him an overnight bag .
tr	NN	The gleam is in his eye .
tr	NN	The tip of his tongue licked her bottom lip , letting her get used to the sensation and intimacy .
tr	NNS	Beans , corn , tomatoes .
tr	NN	He did not mind serving Lewis and the sense of personal concern this conveyed would have a desired effect .
tr	NNS	Julia 's fans know her as someone who is calm and confident , ready for whatever curves life throws her !
tr	NNS	Other couples were out , walking on the balcony .
tr	NN	But the ritual called for them all to play their roles .
tr	NN	A grunt was his answer .
tr	NN	Her daughter-in-law was the last to enter , accompanied by two toddlers , neither of whom looked too happy about being there .
tr	NN	Spinning around , Link finds a figure cloaked with a hooded , brown poncho which conceals his features completely .
tr	NNS	Families stick together . "
tr	NNS	These roads aren 't always safe after dark . "
tr	NN	The melody was like a river gathering the dreams of the heart .
tr	NNS	Chess , get into my place -- go in our room -- you 'll be safe there when they come . "
tr	NNS	" Fairy tales teach determination , perseverance and sacrifice .
tr	NN	There 's a special funnel attached to a tube .
tr	NN	Tammy turned left and then she turned right , was that actually her reflection in the mirror ?
tr	NN	All that mattered was holding him close , so that 's what she did .
tr	NNS	The opponents retook their positions , and receiving the herald 's signal , tilted for the second time .
tr	NN	So the only option I had was to run towards him screaming like a maniac my hands in the air and jaws down .
tr	NNS	" No signs of radiation , " Jace said , as he scanned the area with a portable sensor .
tr	NN	" I 'm sorry , " his secretary said .
tr	NN	He couldn ' t let her live , either . "
tr	NNS	Meanwhile , she would follow her instincts , instincts being all she had .
tr	NNS	Warm chills flooded her , at odds with her earlier realization that Mike couldn 't possibly understand or forgive her for her past .
tr	NN	The airport was busy .
tr	NNS	Immediately , the three swarms turned and pursued it .
tr	NNS	Odd , thatched bamboo huts lined the river .
tr	NN	The hick accent was grating on the ears but there was no doubt the gun was rock steady .
tr	NN	There was a very large flat screen television mounted to the wall .
tr	NNS	Soon bits were moving all about them , compounded by the ripple effect their movements were causing .
tr	NN	I smelled apples on his breath , saw my own reflection in his eyes .
tr	NN	" I can 't believe we fell for this , " said the gym teacher .
tr	NNS	Squires brought up their horses and William checked the bridle and saddle on his roan before giving it an idle pat on the neck .
tr	NNS	The cousins fly into the pool and start a pool game that has never gained popularity outside the Callahan clan .
tr	NNS	The bits of metal scattered out into the mists .
tr	NNS	Two parallel rows of lights began to glow beneath the waters of the dark , rolling surf line .
tr	NNS	Even the torches seemed to be holding their collective breath .
tr	NNS	Souls mean nothing to me .
tr	NNS	Amy 's forearms stiffened , her back went rigid , her face became tense .
tr	NNS	The old man 's laboured footsteps disappeared upstairs .
tr	NN	What was the value of room service 's inflated prices if they didn 't ensure immediate gratification .
tr	NNS	Things were too hot right then for him to go to her apartment directly .
tr	NN	A pattern of seed pearls trimmed all the hems and also adorned her long auburn hair .
tr	NNS	Words like ' young ' and ' old ' didn 't apply to them .
tr	NNS	Cassius quickened his pace .
tr	NNS	Things were changing too fast .
tr	NNS	Even happy-go-lucky Renee was likely to be alarmed by that .
tr	NNS	His eyes stayed inscrutable as he stuffed his hands in his tuxedo pockets , the harsh planes of his face shadowed by moonlight .
tr	NN	Then nausea strikes , clamping onto my gut .
tr	NN	" What else is a convict to do ?
tr	NNS	Things will work out . "
tr	NN	A revolution is the only way out of Cuba for a U.S. renegade like you .
tr	NNS	Perhaps the creatures from before found better prey .
tr	NNS	Patrons began to shuffle out , their bellies thoroughly filled by the theatrical feast .
tr	NN	The ale he drank wasn 't potent enough to drown out her pain , pain overwhelming him in waves .
tr	NNS	Adonis never complained , and she never asked why .
tr	NN	The nice neat stack isn 't so neat anymore .
tr	NNS	So can the wolves talk to other pack members when those members are human ? "
tr	NNS	Mech wolves instantly tore the robot apart .
tr	NN	There was a yelling from outside the front door , it was opened and the uniformed officer came running into the hall shouting .
tr	NN	The luxurious prison he 'd meant to keep the angel who had removed his wings .
tr	NNS	But some local authorities in the Chicago area were commandeering aircraft , vehicles , and even ships to ferry survivors north .
tr	NNS	No screens showed John any more , although Mark had one open that showed the area of trees he was known to be in .
tr	NN	Just a ton of spiders , " he said with a shrug .
tr	NN	" Last night , there was a discovery at the Gay Lady Saloon .
tr	NNS	" Pregnancy tests are accurate .
tr	NN	" I am , " came a chorus of responses as everyone in the room stood .
tr	NNS	Before that , their respective coaches tried to give them some last advice before the match began .
tr	NNS	They turned to him , venomous scowls stretching their features .
tr	NN	This bastard has cost me precious time with you , Amy .
tr	NN	In the centre of the floor , a mound of rough granite seemed to erupt upwards and he made his way instinctively towards it .
tr	NN	Others heard her orders , no-one was sure what should be done .
tr	NN	Maybe my subconscious realized that I 'd be in enough danger tomorrow without dreaming about more of it tonight .
tr	NN	The operation didn 't take long , and when the surgeon left , he was cautioned again about the need for secrecy .
tr	NNS	House members took interest in other House members .
tr	NNS	There were never fights in the house .
tr	NN	" The skeleton Pirates . "
tr	NNS	Love potions and the heebie-jeebies dancing over her skin would have to wait until the twins weren 't staring at the two of them .
tr	NNS	His hands moved to my neck , his thumbs were under my jaw , tilting my head back so he had full eye contact .
tr	NNS	There were two ladies in there with him , hence my slightly inaccurate remark about dormitories .
tr	NN	The language she spoke sounded old .
tr	NNS	Looks like we 're going for a hike . "
tr	NN	" After you , " the priest said politely .
tr	NNS	Lights started going on around the corner .
tr	NNS	Her trousers drained of color , and the rope end twisted , wrapping around the branch .
tr	NNS	A couple clay containers stood against the right wall .
tr	NN	And passion can exist without the contrast of a fight .
tr	NN	No matter how many times she went through the portal , the thrill never wore off .
tr	NNS	The neon colors of red , orange , purple and pink didn 't impact his consciousness as he considered all the ramifications of his plan .
tr	NN	For Stacy , divorce and a restraining order became the only means of survival -- further wounding your pride .
tr	NN	" Mist , " the elf said , looking up , posing the word as a half question .
tr	NN	The Sphinx leaned forward and tapped the little gong with the hammer again .
tr	NN	" My uncle named you .
tr	NNS	Waves of almost painful pleasure coursed through her as she convulsed on his cock .
tr	NNS	shouts Kai , pushing Serena toward Cliff Beach .
tr	NNS	In front of him lay the barren emptiness of his new home , which he was all too quickly getting used to seeing .
tr	NNS	The buyers have an additional request . "
tr	NNS	The companions glanced nervously at each other , as they did more soldiers rode to the line .
tr	NNS	Hands and faces still pressed against the house windows .
tr	NN	The master wasn 't in any mood for it .
tr	NNS	The other warriors were moving in , too , silent and cautious .
tr	NN	For one thing , the gorilla language was not a pure verbal language .
tr	NN	But the mesh had torn .
tr	NNS	When the third ball bearing is fired , my instincts take over .
tr	NNS	Romulus hefted the torch even closer to the Silent Deal .
tr	NN	Every nerve in my body had gone numb , tingling with adrenaline .
tr	NN	Secondly , some new Vampire appears out of nowhere and is also assigned escorts .
tr	NN	The follower leaves , ignoring the orders to stop .
tr	NNS	Sapphire chips formed the centre of the flowers .
tr	NN	The campsite looked pristine .
tr	NNS	Cadmus and I have faced so much heartache .
tr	NNS	Words wanted to be said , but he held them back , and would until this long , strange day was done .
tr	NNS	Images of that night assail me .
tr	NNS	There were enough teachers and staff around that we made it to the far side of the gym without being accosted .
tr	NNS	No drugs , no dropping out , nothing like that ? "
tr	NNS	There were thousands of men on the beach and from up on the cliff edge they all looked like ants , swarming around a nest .
tr	NN	About every third flash , the lightning shot down his body and decorated his skin .
tr	NNS	Bugs asked the other members if anyone had seen or heard from their friend , and not a single one had .
tr	NN	" Officer , my granddaughter is right ; we have to come there too .
tr	NNS	The warriors fanned out and the Carpathians retreated farther into the narrow corridor of ice .
tr	NNS	More tickets began streaming out .
tr	NNS	Kris smiled as he saw the pair and walked up to them , raising his sword above his head .
tr	NN	For the next few weeks the Earth 's crust held , and Toby was glad of it .
tr	NN	The junior is abbreviated .
tr	NNS	Over the next few days there were many offers for interviews , mostly by feminist magazines .
tr	NN	" Your bike was about there . "
tr	NN	She was so close to him , the tip sliced at Riley 's chest .
tr	NN	Terror is perhaps a better word .
tr	NN	" So science , " he said , " is more than a process of increasing our understanding .
tr	NNS	By this time , the immortals had heard of the warrior making the blade and they became jealous .
tr	NN	As he did so , his robe opened slightly and exposed his naked torso .
tr	NNS	The nurses from Stuart 's hospital arrived , and powerfully excited , Stuart embraced each and every one of them .
tr	NN	The whole pen shook .
tr	NN	" Where 's your bouquet ? "
tr	NNS	But members of families and clans could move in with each other , already knowing what the clan as a whole had stored , Iona realized .
tr	NN	Through the room ran a clear tube which was part of the transport system .
tr	NN	The night watchman was in on it .
tr	NNS	The owl banked sharply and glided in , talons extended .
tr	NNS	There were several paintings on the walls , mostly pastoral scenes .
tr	NN	The satin gown was a beautiful green that complimented her eyes and brought out the striking hue of her hair .
tr	NNS	All the drones straightened and took up wide boxer 's stances , forming a loose circle about the contested mantelpiece .
tr	NNS	Strangers are unwelcome here .
tr	NNS	" Hey , everyone experiments now and then .
tr	NNS	But there were no chances with fate .
tr	NNS	The drinks are like twenty-five bucks .
tr	NNS	To most people in England at that time packed earth floors were unusual .
tr	NN	Her shopping spree had cost her over eight hundred dollars , but when he smiled at her again , she considered it money well spent .
tr	NNS	Marius nodded at Dormer and took his foot off the gas pedal .
tr	NN	The surveillance makes almost any suicide attempt impossible .
tr	NNS	" And the passengers who get off for a spell to eat usually barter their own belongs with folks here .
tr	NNS	Strange creatures moved everywhere across this macabre field .
tr	NNS	The gems were the main thing that kept their local economy going .
tr	NN	His h * ps moved back and forth as I rocked into him .
tr	NNS	" There are never guarantees , Bernard .
tr	NN	The next day Jin awoke to see that Saga 's bed was empty , and he had already left .
tr	NN	A pen poked me in the back .
tr	NN	With an infuriated scream , the redhead slammed into him and tried to pull Ryder away from Sabine .
tr	NNS	The ripples she created met the sea woman 's wake ; their interaction entranced her for a moment .
tr	NN	Her accent thickens as she speaks .
tr	NNS	" Those strange little symptoms were tolerance withdrawal . "
tr	NNS	Others had caught up , swelling their number .
tr	NN	" Part of leadership is mentoring .
tr	NNS	The sombre hues of the clothing matched the silence of the majority , broken only by the odd whisper amongst neighbours .
tr	NN	Their inability to put up a struggle had robbed us both of our righteous vengeance .
tr	NNS	" Our chances against that monster that destroyed our home are already small enough as it is without us attacking each other !
tr	NNS	" No , but the rats would .
tr	NNS	On the other side of the cave , three tunnel openings led into oblivion .
tr	NNS	In a large pot of boiling , salted water , cook spaghetti pasta until done .
tr	NNS	Others in the room scavenged from the corpses on the floor , calling out any items they found .
tr	NNS	The spines of his books , so neatly lined up , were now green and grassy .
tr	NNS	Two more attempts fell short .
tr	NNS	The shots were coming at irregular intervals now , moving ever closer to their position .
tr	NN	A human shield , she thought , and hoped that wouldn 't stop Garrett from shooting .
tr	NN	A bike rushed in from nowhere and slid to a stop .
tr	NN	A crown rested on her head gleaming in the light , adorned with a modest amount of jewels .
tr	NN	The size of a Shire horse it was , a full nineteen hands or more .
tr	NN	There was a slight hesitation on the other end , followed by a woman 's voice asking tentatively , " Leo ? "
tr	NNS	Wings can appear in a range of colours , from white , grey , silver , or in some rare cases , Gold and Black .
tr	NN	When John Moretz takes a job as a reporter in the Appalachian town of Sycamore Shade , a crime spree erupts and circulation increases .
tr	NN	The courtyard was large with overgrown plants , shrubbery , and large shade trees .
tr	NNS	Reyes jumped in front of her , remaining in the cell while she stayed out of it , but blocking his view nonetheless .
tr	NNS	Lots of them created or lived with broken or damaged families .
tr	NNS	In high school , the teachers shackled their students to their desks and fretted over every insignificant detail about the students ' lives .
tr	NN	Why would Storm purposefully bait Sen ?
tr	NN	My adrenaline lasted minutes after they were already sprawled out on the ground bleeding or dead .
tr	NN	The trill up my spine chased back down .
tr	NN	But then the penny began to drop as to what his intentions might be with respect to the moose 's fate .
tr	NN	Alessia looked at her , then sensed her hesitation .
tr	NNS	Both pairs of Ben 's sneakers were sitting on top of his blue wooden toy box that doubled as a bench .
tr	NNS	The virtual images of the Titanic will be quite a useful addition to our archives . '
tr	NNS	My defenses went up immediately .
tr	NN	" As far as proof is concerned , the defense does not question it .
tr	NN	The next journal entry was the one I was looking for .
tr	NN	The brunette , however , surprised me .
tr	NNS	Nicodemus turned to pursue the Russian .
tr	NN	An angry roar gave way to a desperate howl .
tr	NN	" No balance , " Thibault repeated , his tone flat .
tr	NNS	The images were still there , in a lot more detail than before .
tr	NN	Knew my resolve was weak . "
tr	NNS	Alexis sat up and stretched .
tr	NNS	His dark pupils were dancing all around .
tr	NNS	My eyelids were heavy .
tr	NNS	Others were hiding behind cars , banging on doors , or just wandering aimlessly .
tr	NNS	Romulus trotted across the room and laid his head on her knee .
tr	NNS	Lots of musicians do .
tr	NNS	But the facts , horrible as they were , seemed to be helpful to Hemisphere Air 's defense .
tr	NNS	Our prayers go to you .
tr	NNS	But the abilities take longer to show up .
tr	NN	Ryan 's elderly grandmother smiled .
tr	NNS	Things were in motion .
tr	NNS	Things have worked out just the way they should .
tr	NN	Chance , now studying me with equal parts fear and confusion , shook his head .
tr	NN	Otherwise its outer skeleton would have collapsed under its own weight . "
tr	NN	The silken gown managed to satisfy propriety while simultaneously placing every one of the young woman 's beautiful features on display .
tr	NN	The sergeant looked pleased .
tr	NNS	Like a downed grasshopper in a disturbed anthill , the zombies converged on him .
tr	NNS	Their companions might never learn of their fates .
tr	NNS	Families came downtown to Christmas shop , strolling from store to store beneath trees outlined in sparkling white lights .
tr	NN	The stench of the screaming , burning animals began to choke her .
tr	NNS	The main sources are oral .
tr	NNS	Two strands of wire formed a ring .
tr	NN	Terror took over him as she battled the last creature within the room .
tr	NN	Part of her wanted to remain forever in the shadows .
tr	NNS	Three wolves sauntered up to them and waited , still in wolf form .
tr	NNS	In his mind , the deaths he 'd caused were necessary , explaining the victim 's clean death and their remote placement .
tr	NN	The priest cleared his throat and I saw that I was the last one remaining there up in front of everyone .
tr	NN	" This unit possesses basic clearances .
tr	NNS	My eight Conan graphic novels were definitely my best find in the Library .
tr	NNS	The campers start arriving this weekend .
tr	NN	The peak of the roof was a good place to settle and watch a full moon rise over the gulf waters .
tr	NN	" There 's no greater challenge than a survivor . "
tr	NN	Gradually -- very gradually -- the beating of his heart slowed toward normal .
tr	NN	The click of her heels had echoed off the walls until they 'd stopped moving and now the eerie silence deafened her .
tr	NN	There is no quarter here , no walking away .
tr	NN	The guilt had my eyes glued to the table .
tr	NN	A throaty chuckle filled my room , and he lay back on my bed .
tr	NN	Though violence was certainly a way of life , the preferred method of taking a prize was without a fight .
tr	NNS	The chains would change everything .
tr	NN	His mother 's passion for the planet had rubbed off .
tr	NN	There was a stroke of bad luck .
tr	NNS	Very few creatures had lived through the experience .
tr	NN	A low roar followed , coming from the rear of the chamber , growing in volume , like a freight train barreling toward them .
tr	NN	My dearest Izzy , Today was your seventh birthday .
tr	NNS	Your actions fly in the face of the very things that the CSA stands for .
tr	NNS	The muted thumps turn my stomach .
tr	NN	I thought there were two , " the lead pilot sounded confused .
tr	NNS	Questions that were once just idle musings have begun to feel strangely urgent .
tr	NNS	The floors were open in the center so being on the top floor you could look down over the railings to the other ones below it .
tr	NN	His uncle had meticulously tapped the design into his body over a three-month period .
tr	NNS	At that moment , both boxers were waiting for the sound of the bell .
tr	NN	When Laura left for the day the castle fell asleep and was filled by a near ghostly life .
tr	NN	Yet Willow 's indifference towards him intrigued him like no other .
tr	NNS	Her perilous actions are part curiosity , part vulnerability , but most of all determination .
tr	NNS	Things were about to get serious between us .
tr	NNS	Things happen for the best , isn 't that what everyone says ?
tr	NN	The veranda seemed a good place for them ; they 'd get plenty of sunlight , yet be protected by the house .
tr	NN	That same pigeon would show up at lunch and sit with Paul without fail , eating little crumbs of his sandwich or whatever . "
tr	NNS	Lots of commercial companies would buy them for their advertisements .
tr	NN	" Ok , maybe I was a little too generous earlier .
tr	NNS	My sneakers squished with every step and I kept tripping over the maze of tangled tree roots and underbrush .
tr	NN	The maid from last night rushes in and throws them open , flooding the room with warmth and light .
tr	NN	Love doesn 't have conditions , right ?
tr	NNS	The waiting figures became more animated .
tr	NNS	Taking the stairs two at a time , his own footsteps echoed in the stillness like a heartbeat .
tr	NNS	The instant my watch touched them , the ladies fell over like bowling pins .
tr	NN	Perhaps one day these lands will know the peace only our Master can bring .
tr	NN	The agony was worst when he tried to remember what had brought him there .
tr	NN	Beneath his thumb , her pulse was racing with the same desire beating inside him .
tr	NN	Part of my words is pure anger talking , but I mean what I say .
tr	NNS	After all , plague or no plague , saints were awfully busy fellows .
tr	NNS	Those so-called " artists " in the Guild can 't do anything original .
tr	NNS	Then the footsteps came back .
tr	NNS	The four Amazon warriors stood quietly , still at attention , guarding my empty husband .
tr	NN	His posture wasn 't as upright as she 'd imagined , and his pants were a little high-waisted .
tr	NNS	Jeremy 's paintings often portrayed breathtaking beauty and realism with a touch of fantasy .
tr	NN	" How fighter like you never see self fight ? "
tr	NNS	His actions tonight had proven a dozen of her theories .
tr	NNS	The visitors cheered His Majesty as if their protests had had something to do with his decision .
tr	NN	Brodie 's gamble had worked .
tr	NN	The space traveler is virtually impenetrable .
tr	NN	That black magic ritual Alice had gotten caught in hadn 't turned her into a witch : it had made her a demon .
tr	NNS	" There are two types of pirates when they get to the top .
tr	NNS	And what a match Rawlings had been .
tr	NN	Every inch of him exuded sin and sex .
tr	NN	" And the organisation you work for that 's ... and your boss he 's ... " " Yes . "
tr	NNS	The horns were getting closer .
tr	NNS	His thumbs brushed over her cheekbones and his lips crushed hers , his tongue tasted hers , and his body was hard and solid against hers .
tr	NNS	The motors got louder as the boats moved closer and then suddenly cut off .
tr	NN	The drawl got thicker when he got excited .
tr	NN	The gown I 'm wearing has a fitted bodice , but the skirt is huge .
tr	NN	Part of me loved that about her .
tr	NN	The balance between the natural and supernatural world was in jeopardy .
tr	NN	Perhaps their seed might even bring powers the human one could not ?
tr	NNS	The heavy chains binding his wrists rattled as , with an effort , Drake gained his feet .
tr	NNS	His urges and desires were his to command , never the other way around .
tr	NN	Before she could stop it , instinct took over .
tr	NNS	All three passengers were slightly giddy as they basked in their new comfort , causing the few others in their carriage to turn their heads .
tr	NNS	And if I don 't recognize her , chances are nobody else will either .
tr	NN	" the mayor yelled .
tr	NNS	Other ... factions within our company were against bringing in someone they consider volatile . "
tr	NN	the older , gray-haired receptionist asked as he started toward the doors behind her desk .
tr	NNS	Questions buzzed in my head like a swarm of bees .
tr	NN	The honesty in his voice as he spoke those three words healed something inside her she hadn 't realized was hurting until now .
tr	NNS	The blooms were large and purple , similar to clematis but with more petals .
tr	NN	The television had been playing its words to him for an hour .
tr	NNS	Hands buried in her hair and he made a sound of gratitude and frustration , twinned forever together in her mind .
tr	NN	The sergeant barked out a laugh .
tr	NNS	The war drums stopped beating , the warriors stopped their cries for battle , they stood quiet and noble once more .
tr	NNS	Now , at last , my efforts had paid off .
tr	NNS	The duchess took one look at her face , and excused herself with a smile .
tr	NNS	On either side , his companions advanced − pushing their wedge deeper into our line .
tr	NNS	The villagers stopped with their rituals around midnight and will resume this morning .
tr	NN	Others could talk about the advantages the kidnapper had over him because of the camera surveillance and the rigged alarm system .
tr	NNS	Things were certainly looking bad for him .
tr	NN	His uncharacteristic soft manner left me scared .
tr	NNS	Few travelers or carriages take up the road , and none that pass trouble themselves with me .
tr	NNS	These biochemical differences suggested that a substantial amount of mutation had since occurred even if there had been a first race .
tr	NN	The lightning ricocheted off the blade and struck one of the stone walls , which glowed with a sudden strange light .
tr	NNS	Cars rushed passed her and drivers gestured angrily at her .
tr	NNS	Others eyed me with leery distrust and maintained their distance .
tr	NNS	The drums were speeding up now , taking on a double beat that echoed the racing of Edan 's heart .
tr	NN	My grandmother stands in front of me with her head bent as I read my mother 's words .
tr	NN	There 's no sexuality in his tone .
tr	NNS	What were the chances ?
tr	NNS	" The gang members went to Cunningham a couple of years ago .
tr	NNS	" There are some pink pyjamas in there as well . "
tr	NN	Her guardian and his partner disappeared into the thick trees , followed awkwardly by the gardener , who kept dropping the bags .
tr	NNS	The two new zombies didn 't seem to care about Tony 's body .
tr	NNS	" Things are starting to feel normal again .
tr	NNS	The coast winds died in the deep redwoods , and the rain was a mist against his eyes .
tr	NN	Its broad tip was moist .
tr	NN	The incredulity in his voice said he refused to believe it .
tr	NNS	Reyes never paused , his adrenaline too high , his demon too happy .
tr	NN	Its tail lashed out behind it , and Zoey felt its hunger , like a dog drooling over a treat .
tr	NN	Screw the organization , screw the assignment , screw the boss and Brimstone and especially that prick of a father , Evans .
tr	NNS	The detectives didn 't show .
tr	NN	Questioning was just a formality , which they hoped would add something when building a case against him .
tr	NN	Tate 's pager went off .
tr	NN	The crossing at that point was the best to be found for a considerable distance in either direction , and consequently several Indian trails converged there .
tr	NN	The crust is a sham ; all for show .
tr	NNS	All the apprentices ran up and got in a line against the wall .
tr	NNS	As I 'd walk around , the emptiness would leave me wondering where everything was .
tr	NN	Thinking of Aunty brought back that bittersweet feeling she often got when she thought back to the life she had left behind .
tr	NNS	The car horns had disappeared and in their place was the sound of engines roaring .
tr	NNS	Smells of beef , carrots and mashed potatoes filled the tiny kitchen .
tr	NN	The swirling black snake was so thick now , so dense , that it almost appeared real .
tr	NN	A fleshy grunt told me she had hit her mark .
tr	NNS	" The fairies have confirmed Catcher retrieved the packages we left with them .
tr	NNS	" His statements were of the personal variety ? "
tr	NN	A medic stopped him in the hallway .
tr	NNS	And with that , both rats bared their teeth and moved in on him .
tr	NN	My first front page , I 'm so excited !
tr	NNS	" Less powerful bloodlines don 't draw as much attention as the stronger bloodlines .
tr	NN	The canvas hung like a sail , if as someone intended to launch the tower .
tr	NNS	There weren 't any spots in her family and no one sucked blood .
tr	NNS	" Where are the targets ? "
tr	NNS	Sometimes even the facts are wrong .
tr	NNS	One day , Bugs happened upon an Importation of Exotics parlor .
tr	NNS	" The real piano teachers have the lesson slots more than filled with real pianists .
tr	NN	The captain cut the engine and the boat drifted toward the rickety black dock .
tr	NNS	Large light fixtures lined the black edges of the dome 's ceiling , casting an artificial glow .
tr	NNS	Hephaestus felt a shiver run through him and he stood again .
tr	NN	The middle-aged agent , a stocky woman in a green pantsuit , came out to shake our hands .
tr	NNS	Things he had spurned as a mortal man .
tr	NN	Here and there molten swamps mixed sand with rocket fuel .
tr	NN	That dazzling cord caught him in the hip and continued all the way through .
tr	NN	" My Tessa , " he said , and this time she did not tell him that she was not his .
tr	NNS	Others still are checking the mass of bodies for friends and family members , relief and fear apparent on their faces .
tr	NN	Did that idiot really think he could have gotten away if he 'd even made a grab for her ?
tr	NNS	Things had felt so natural between them , like they were long-lost friends .
tr	NN	The first goon put away the gun , bent over , and grabbed the outstretched hand of his fellow thug .
tr	NNS	Animals didn 't like his kind as a rule , but thankfully , most animals couldn 't talk .
tr	NNS	Others simply sat as if they could sit all day , not waiting for anything .
tr	NN	The bum stumbled a bit as he walked north on the beach , away from the town .
tr	NN	Her lack of observation gave him the freedom to let his eyes move over her at his pleasure .
tr	NNS	" Demon minds stained by greed , bent by suspicions , blight the very air we breathe ; keep to caution . "
tr	NNS	Two major lies in one night and I had sworn I could never tell him one .
tr	NN	The tip of his hot tongue suddenly slid across her skin just above her necklace , causing her to sway .
tr	NNS	The old boards soaked up the first layer of paint .
tr	NNS	Jill 's pupils grow until her eyes are black orbs .
tr	NNS	Many future generations of Hunters and Guardians would emerge from this home and she was eager to teach and meet every one of them .
tr	NN	When she got to Talk of The Town that morning her business partner was already there , bustling about the office .
tr	NN	The owl called out and hurled itself off its branch .
tr	NNS	" There are other explanations .
tr	NNS	The two goons took their hands out of their pockets .
tr	NNS	Delores raised an eyebrow at her .
tr	NN	" The notebook is safe ? "
tr	NN	Morning in La Salle was peaceful .
tr	NN	Well , supposedly the teacher made this huge stink and basically wanted to get the student responsible suspended or expelled .
tr	NNS	The green moss woven around the pebble was sure indicator that the pebble was steady there for years .
tr	NNS	But in a tightly packed theater with only a thousand seats , five or six rowdy fans booing heartily sounded like a hundred .
tr	NNS	The temperatures were cooler and she had more energy , more spunk .
tr	NNS	There were no signs of my boyfriend or his butler ' s presence .
tr	NN	A fisherman 's sweater to wear over his thin shirt so he didn 't have to borrow Reeve 's extra coat .
tr	NN	And from what he remembered , the pictures online didn 't do this place justice .
tr	NNS	Things have been hard lately . "
tr	NNS	There were the usual items : a Michigan Drivers License , two credit cards , and three hundred dollars in cash .
tr	NN	The firelight played in his dark eyes .
tr	NNS	Varying degrees of blame , anger , and disgust weighed in their expressions .
tr	NN	" No , " said the secretary .
tr	NNS	When they saw her , the expressions sharpened to pleasure and inquiry .
tr	NN	His lack of response hadn 't intimidated her ; instead , she saw something in him ... something she recognized in herself .
tr	NN	This scenic , magical highway cuts through mountainous plateaus and desert terrain .
tr	NN	" Then our arrangement is more of an audition ? "
tr	NNS	Words lodged in her throat .
tr	NNS	The dogs lay panting in the shade of the old farmhouse his grandparents had built .
tr	NNS	" The roads will only get worse , and the inhabitants less lawful .
tr	NNS	The Pure Souls were possible because of Alyssa , not us . "
tr	NNS	How are the headaches ? "
tr	NNS	His actions so far had proven him a pompous , arrogant , self-righteous pig .
tr	NNS	And every time she was near me , my worries seemed to disappear .
tr	NN	If memory served her right , her Grandmother had mentioned that it was the biggest event of a young girl 's life .
tr	NNS	There are many warriors , who would be pleased to kiss me ! "
tr	NN	The lack of light too had turned his skin more deathly , more haunting , although that may have been my eyes seeing more clearly .
tr	NN	A true leader is not just someone who has the authority to give orders .
tr	NN	Part of her did .
tr	NN	Love was for a lifetime .
tr	NN	Chance kissed her again .
tr	NN	Compared to what she 'd already endured , a mere thrashing at his hands must have been as nothing to her .
tr	NNS	Lights were the last thing his body cared about at the moment , but he wanted to see Keisha as she went over the edge .
tr	NN	" Absolutely , " drawled her maid .
tr	NN	" Fourth whistle " meant game had been spotted and assistance was needed .
tr	NN	His squealing was incredible , and my head ached when I heard it .
tr	NN	Storm says they have staff to thoroughly clean and sanitize the rooms after each client leaves .
tr	NNS	Bottles opened the door wearing only his briefs .
tr	NN	" Still no sheriff , " she muttered .
tr	NN	The TV video erupts in billows of smoke , an occasional indistinct blur of a person running , and screams from all sides .
tr	NNS	The cords that still bound him rubbed his wrists and ankles raw .
tr	NN	Where did the mass for each of these new bodies come from ?
tr	NNS	There also were satellites surrounding the planet that monitored all ship activity .
tr	NNS	The gallows was already up .
tr	NNS	Images began flashing in my mind again .
tr	NNS	The warriors handed their plates to the boys without even looking toward them and walked off without another word .
tr	NNS	Its winds clawed at the towering firs .
tr	NN	" How long could this grudge of theirs last ? "
tr	NNS	Her movements weren 't as fluid as a dragon 's , but she was fast and could twist and turn in ways Echo never thought possible .
tr	NN	His lack of quick answer and swallow told her she 'd done something .
tr	NN	My only chore in town was to haul the groceries back to the truck .
tr	NNS	Her pupils were pure white and her face was chalky .
tr	NN	A lone wet sob escaped me .
tr	NN	The gap between the cliffs must have been nearly twenty feet .
tr	NN	The first model stepped through the curtain .
tr	NNS	There were only a few passengers because it was getting late , so it wasn 't hard to find a spot that was completely empty .
tr	NNS	All the villagers began to chat and whisper about Auron as he walked by .
tr	NN	That trick will work for a while , but eventually it 's all going to catch up with you .
tr	NNS	The media , it seemed , had a blackout on the bad news inside the United States .
tr	NNS	Myles went back to what he 'd been about to say .
tr	NNS	" Things are really taking off . "
tr	NNS	The appetizers just arrived at the table .
tr	NNS	His lies were impressively elaborate .
tr	NN	Perhaps the crop would all change in time .
tr	NNS	Luckily the effects of the pill were starting to wear off , and he decided that he would soon head home .
tr	NNS	Words were on the tip of my tongue , words I shouldn 't say .
tr	NN	Their escort left them alone , footsteps retreating back up into the cathedral .
tr	NN	Right then , pretending seemed like a pretty good place to be .
tr	NN	Love strode into the lounge and over to his desk .
tr	NNS	The narrow room smelled antiseptic and familiar , its rows of cots and metal counters jogging Aria 's memory .
tr	NN	A soft scratch sounded at the door .
tr	NNS	The mighty horse 's nostrils flared as he strained to catch an unknown scent .
tr	NNS	Muscles rippled smoothly across his shoulders as he came toward her .
tr	NNS	All novels in The Sisters of Destiny Series are completely fictional .
tr	NNS	Here , all but the nocturnal critters are at rest .
tr	NNS	Plans to go over her testimony with the lawyer Ethan found for her .
tr	NN	Her complete bewilderment made Isaac want to break Keith 's jaw .
tr	NN	A warrior angel could not keep a human .
tr	NN	The leader 's cape flexed and balled itself up before striking the copper and ceramic Cylon repeatedly .
tr	NNS	Jake 's eyelids fluttered .
tr	NN	The ease of the connection surprised her .
tr	NNS	There were bars and dollar stores .
tr	NNS	" There are too many factors ... " " Just try , " Melody cut him off , taking a deep breath .
tr	NN	Otherwise , his explanation of their encounter at the salvage yard , and his claim that he hadn 't been to her house , could seem plausible .
tr	NN	The communications officer 's simple announcement raised a cheer in the ship 's nerve center .
tr	NNS	The stiffness and aching of his body made Ali realize that he was not in his warm and comfortable bed .
tr	NN	His T-shirt was soft and smelled like Snuggle dryer sheets .
tr	NN	There was never any proof to back up his claims either .
tr	NN	The illumination grew so intense he could barely see the deck .
tr	NNS	Flames flickered to life in the glass globe and filled a small section of the barn with tenuous , throbbing light .
tr	NN	A shrill whistle shattered the air a split second before the shot .
tr	NN	His friend Howie must have some of the answers , but they could wait until they anchored .
tr	NN	The lounge was deep and long and dark with colorful beer signs flashing in the painted windows .
tr	NNS	The contents of his stomach rose sharply again , bile burning up his throat .
tr	NNS	There were no markings on the grey stones , but something radiated from it .
tr	NN	Morning found both the Prince and his erstwhile guard refreshed , said the latter , " feel like some breakfast , Highness ? "
tr	NNS	Looks like you were right about him .
tr	NNS	Delores stared at us .
tr	NNS	My hands were still at her hips , frozen there , my thumbs resting on the bare skin above her jeans .
tr	NN	Mortimer 's French accent made him sound calm and diplomatic but I could see the mixture of rage and panic in his eyes .
tr	NN	He eased beside me again , his hip pressed against mine , and lifted another tendril of my hair .
tr	NNS	The beatings will continue until my attitude improves ? "
tr	NNS	" And what are his demands ? "
tr	NN	his partner asked , nearly gagging .
tr	NNS	As I drove faster into her , her murmurs of pleasure turned into outright cries of ecstasy as she met me thrust for thrust .
tr	NN	Even its arrival hadn 't woken Della .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of the Bubble Gum Man didn 't cross my mind .
tr	NN	" How 's your steak ? "
tr	NN	There is your crate .
tr	NNS	And again , until peculiar markings began to take shape .
tr	NN	His discovery of the giant Marsh Python , lurking at the bottom of the Ditch and trying to straighten itself out , hardly even bothered the Apprentice .
tr	NN	American football was less popular in Milan than in Parma .
tr	NNS	Witches were human beings , and spirits could be manipulated , most probably .
tr	NN	The bastard put a bounty out on my head , so I thought it might be a good idea to leave Louisiana for a few years . "
tr	NN	Her lip wobbled and she began to bite on her nails , something Georgie never did because Jessica had told her that was how babies were made .
tr	NN	Dove over the couch as a shotgun blast ripped through the air from above .
tr	NNS	Others of the armored warriors had hidden behind her wavering shield .
tr	NN	" Even if that were true , which I doubt despite the damn signatures , a marriage contract doesn 't excuse rape .
tr	NN	The weakness of flesh does tear at the very sinews of the spirit , and I had long ago surrendered the days of my strength .
tr	NN	Part of me missed those days , and part of me never wanted to see them again .
tr	NNS	The frames are out of the ' 60s or something . "
tr	NN	" One day after work , my Grandfather came to see me .
tr	NNS	The signs had been there , vivid as Route 66 neon , but I refused to see them .
tr	NN	" The brown and tan snake looks dead to me . "
tr	NNS	Their expressions indicated their revulsion that such an ugly altercation had occurred in their rarefied midst .
tr	NNS	Maybe the vamps from Mississippi went in .
tr	NN	Below his grey eyes , a deep scar slashed its way across his cheek , narrowly missing the left eye .
tr	NN	When they shifted from one shape to another , the chemical cocktail in their bodies caused a release of pheromones that freaked out anything on four legs .
tr	NN	" The tourist attraction ? "
tr	NNS	The footsteps came closer .
tr	NN	The cottage was small and dark .
tr	NNS	Cars were parking , and people were exiting them in ravishing attire .
tr	NN	Os ' mar had no clue that I was the King 's son and that 's the way I wanted to keep it .
tr	NN	" Your education is to us a treasure .
tr	NNS	Her bridesmaids brought up the end of the little procession and lined up beside her as she and Quin halted beside his groomsmen .
tr	NNS	The scenes that followed were indescribable .
tr	NN	Part of him wanted to take his time savoring her , but the other was beyond that .
tr	NN	Hopefully downtown and the other business centers would begin to empty .
tr	NNS	The approaching sky wolves , at first just dots , sprouted wings as they drew closer .
tr	NNS	The efforts of the Assassins seemed to double , which she assumed was because they would lose their greatest advantage in the open space .
tr	NNS	There are so many mysteries we could solve so easily ... " " Then you 'd be out of a job , " Rick countered .
tr	NN	There was a bruise on his left cheek .
tr	NNS	The other rats backed away slightly , but Peaches just stared back .
tr	NNS	The goblins gathered again in the valley .
tr	NN	When he had walked in , the look Reid had given her had been enough to show her that none of those things would be her reality .
tr	NN	The darkness Andrea sensed in Sean came forward with a vengeance .
tr	NN	" There 's an intruder here !
tr	NN	" Something 's going to happen soon , " Chance predicted .
tr	NNS	Machinery bits and tools scattered , clanging across the floor and making enough noise to raise the dead .
tr	NN	The hound saw it coming , tried twisting to snatch the branch with its teeth , but it was off-balance and too late .
tr	NN	Loud applause exploded through the room .
tr	NNS	Nowadays the wolves followed the orders of the queen , or they were supposed to .
tr	NNS	These efforts were extending further into the interior with every year , and had evidently made the villagers begin to be wary .
tr	NN	And when they got it off , there wasn 't even a bruise .
tr	NNS	The strands were like a midnight waterfall .
tr	NNS	Their uniforms included heavy boots , and none would move at such a leisurely pace while on duty .
tr	NN	One more puff and she dropped the cigarette into the can .
tr	NNS	" How are his vital signs now ? "
tr	NNS	The contents of my backpack spilled out onto the hot pavement .
tr	NN	" Poor little pup , abandoned by his pack ... They couldn 't come get you , even if they wanted to . "
tr	NN	The guilt behind his eyes was nearly shattering .
tr	NN	By 1pm the pub had started to fill nicely .
tr	NNS	In an instant , colors burst to life : the green trees on either side of the road seemed to swallow the sun and glow from within .
tr	NNS	Chapter twenty-two Things were sort of okay over the next week .
tr	NN	Her feminine sheath was tight and hot , a velvet friction driving him utterly mad .
tr	NN	The thundering roar in her ears made his voice sound as if it came from a very long distance .
tr	NN	The turbulence against the car was causing Thelma to go even slower than she normally would have gone .
tr	NN	" The little sneak got away .
tr	NNS	The tightness in my chest loosened , and the fear and sadness drifted away .
tr	NN	" What were the trumpets ? "
tr	NNS	The Assassins ' torches were like balls of flame in the dark .
tr	NNS	As much as he hated his old man , there were instances when he yearned for contact , when he missed having some type of anchor .
tr	NNS	Their footsteps crunched on the gravel as she and MacNeil crossed the parking lot to the truck .
tr	NNS	A few minutes later , servants arrived at the room with a dining table and a chair .
tr	NNS	The younger cousins began to cry .
tr	NN	If an unfamiliar predator didn 't get them , a human hunter surely would . "
tr	NN	His spine was too flexible and he turned with her , preventing her from dislodging him .
tr	NN	The knight jumped off his shoulder and smacked a claw off .
tr	NN	The vacation came to its end .
tr	NN	" His reputation isn 't all that squeaky clean . "
tr	NN	The inspector increasingly felt like screaming .
tr	NN	As soon as I do , a layer of dust shakes loose from the ceiling , and a faint rumbling passes through the floor .
tr	NN	The Program isn 't the cure .
tr	NNS	Things are better with her and Micah too .
tr	NNS	His uncle 's Mercedes ended up being the shuttle instead .
tr	NN	Every pen held animals .
tr	NNS	The warriors had driven off the sand dragon with the loss of only one human life .
tr	NN	Slamming the doors shut and hitting the on switch , Storm exhales deeply , blowing her long bangs off her face .
tr	NNS	" How many mothers can say their sons are mated to the Vampire Queen ? "
tr	NNS	Lea 's movements were smooth , fluid .
tr	NN	The proper term is artistic nude photography anyway .
tr	NN	The firelight made odd patterns against his skin , darkening the bruise on his cheek to black .
tr	NNS	' Things haven 't been going well since I moved out .
tr	NN	" I think ' t is ready . "
tr	NNS	My French is quite good . "
tr	NN	Only a slight hesitation let me know he felt a stab of pain as he said the words .
tr	NNS	" What are the stakes ? "
tr	NNS	The sunglasses will show you how .
tr	NNS	" Great special effects , " murmured one teenager .
tr	NNS	" Both rats are dead ? "
tr	NNS	Who are your passengers ? "
tr	NN	The old fellow is a stern piece of work , but I gather you 've heard about him . "
tr	NNS	Male warriors , often traded for these rich garments , in hopes of impressing a female , at mating time .
tr	NNS	There are a couple more varieties planted around the tree , but they 'll bloom later in the spring . "
tr	NN	Thinking of our fight song reminds me that I didn 't look outside to make sure my house hasn 't been tp 'd by Fairfield .
tr	NNS	" Problem clients , " Otto said , stretching his arm as if he 'd pulled it .
tr	NN	" What 's my ultimate revenge ? "
tr	NN	The chant dissolved into general applause and cheering .
tr	NNS	The good thing was she wore comfortable sneakers , sweatpants , an old gray t-shirt and a ponytail .
tr	NNS	Natural biological resources simply weren 't readily available .
tr	NN	The lack of oxygen squeezed her lungs and fogged her brain .
tr	NNS	First , to prove to him that immortals existed and they were extremely hard for ordinary humans to kill .
tr	NNS	Many changes had started seven years ago , with sudden pain driving her to the point of unconsciousness .
tr	NN	The nearest bay is to your left as you go through this door . "
tr	NN	His guilt and grief crawled through her body with torturous intent , yet she worried for Mikhail .
tr	NNS	But on a brighter note , these contactless cards are great .
tr	NNS	Hands fussed with her garments and moved her hair .
tr	NN	His low chuckle seemed to vibrate right through her .
tr	NNS	But the nurses kept working , silently , stone faced .
tr	NNS	The other dwarves quite agreed when they got the message .
tr	NN	Zack , in his semi-conscious state , could sense her closeness .
tr	NN	" The trick is not to fight .
tr	NN	The lack of sight , the plethora of sound , made my nerves jump beneath my skin .
tr	NN	A goal that had never seemed further from her reach than it did today .
tr	NNS	All these changes further debased the power of the central government , and in time debased the Corporations as well .
tr	NNS	Things hadn 't exactly been rosy around the Kincaid house for the past week .
tr	NNS	Flames have incinerated most of the first floor and are minutes away from the family .
tr	NN	The same kilt that hung awkwardly at my knees made her legs look a thousand miles long .
tr	NN	A tremor of fear and excitement ran through Ethan .
tr	NN	The nickname " bully " stuck for a few days around the office , temporarily replacing " The King . "
tr	NNS	The three goats also appear more agitated than usual , but they aren 't putting up as much of a fight to get out .
tr	NN	There 's a pit in my stomach filled with butterflies that are moving around , anxiously waiting to take flight .
tr	NNS	At this time of night , stop signs are optional . "
tr	NN	The tip of his cigarette winked off and on .
tr	NN	Eventually , that hunger gets to us .
tr	NNS	Stacks glanced at his watch , then turned back to the messenger .
tr	NN	Jorge 's surveillance confirmed Edwin 's suspicion that the suite two doors down was their target .
tr	NN	Not a favor that gets called up mere weeks into the relationship .
tr	NNS	Solid footsteps crossed the linoleum in the kitchen .
tr	NN	the leader asked , mystified .
tr	NNS	Alexis also participated in this operation .
tr	NNS	The twins followed them to the red blanket and kneeled down in the sand .
tr	NNS	Others thought it was only a matter of time until he beat the Austrians and returned to Bologna .
tr	NN	On the third morning , her wing was touching my hand when I awoke .
tr	NN	The demon master clicks his fingers and Vein trots over .
tr	NNS	The doorways on either side still had Alliance control panels blinking an out-of-place red warning light to show they were all locked fast .
tr	NN	The archer must unify his eyes , his hands , and his bow with whatever he wants to hit .
tr	NN	The evil bitch couldn 't even stay dead .
tr	NNS	Just a few coins would help .
tr	NN	A hooker wouldn 't give me near this much trouble .
tr	NNS	Things are bad enough here , what with all of the peasants , plus all of the complaints I 've heard inside my own castle .
tr	NNS	In a strange way , these suicides unnerved him more than anything else .
tr	NNS	The three remaining vials of potion lay next to it : two had cracked .
tr	NNS	His kisses could ruin a girl .
tr	NNS	" Orders are orders .
tr	NNS	The wetness lingered there , cool and sharp .
tr	NNS	No gaps existed between them .
tr	NNS	Lights went on inside .
tr	NN	What a fucking joke .
tr	NNS	There were hundreds of thousands of references on the web .
tr	NN	" What 's the enemy status ? "
tr	NN	In fact , the whole operation looked a bit makeshift , the staff scruffy certainly not soldiers .
tr	NNS	When Noel 's units met up with the railroad from Wellington , then supplies would flow more easily to the forces defending the center of the island .
tr	NN	There are also some entertaining video reading excerpts , in addition to the music videos , and my schedule of events is growing every day !
tr	NN	There was a click behind him , and the faint song of steel wires under tension yet yearning to be free .
tr	NNS	There were thousands of game out here .
tr	NN	Her angry exclamation startled him .
tr	NNS	" Funny , stupid goblins think master is funny elf .
tr	NNS	All the small objects in the room rushed toward the three men around my bed .
tr	NN	My laptop is on the chest of drawers , so I grab it and start her up .
tr	NNS	My hounds had defended me , and the king had tried to kill them .
tr	NNS	" The child 's genetic pairs are asymmetrical .
tr	NNS	Alexis ignored my snide remark and leapt at me , pinning me to the ground .
tr	NNS	The Tanks were strong , but they were kids .
tr	NN	" Yes , of course , " her uncle said , breathing a sigh of relief .
tr	NNS	" Things like what ? "
tr	NN	The front courtyard leads to the path we travel to get here .
tr	NN	A trio of girls clad in North Face jackets and Ugg boots crossed the Commons .
tr	NNS	Lights were blazing from the interior of the massive structures and from street lamps overhead .
tr	NN	Her grandmother will chastise her for her sexual sin and condemn her .
tr	NN	' No , ' Love said quietly , thinking back to the Butterfield 's house .
tr	NNS	The twins didn 't automatically offer a recap of events .
tr	NN	When there is yeast , there is no flour .
tr	NNS	Presumably the club members had taken themselves off ... or were lying unconscious somewhere in the back .
tr	NNS	The mercenaries and their commander had departed as soon as their healers had done their work .
tr	NN	Otherwise your dream spectrum isn 't clear to me . "
tr	NNS	The various colours vibrate a few times in unison .
tr	NN	Memory didn 't obey , not at first .
tr	NNS	The twilight colors of deep blue are fading into black , and the oil lamp beside me is casting a yellow and orange glow .
tr	NNS	There are two particular joys in a canoe .
tr	NNS	" Who are the other Immortals then , I mean the ones who 've done this before ? "
tr	NN	' There 's a hatch to the outside and some storerooms and that 's about it . '
tr	NN	The spotlight found Natalia , and then Karin joined .
tr	NN	The ghoul lives only to carry out the vampire 's wishes .
tr	NNS	Preschool teachers did not normally socialise with billionaires .
tr	NN	' Handsome fellow , isn 't it ? '
tr	NNS	His beautiful blue eyes were wide , the pupils slightly vertical .
tr	NN	His prey had disappeared .
tr	NN	Her pulse had finally slowed .
tr	NN	The tech shifted uneasily .
tr	NNS	The werewolves had fled one way .
tr	NN	" The ship 's captain is in charge ? "
tr	NNS	" My tickets weren 't part of the deal .
tr	NN	The shield simply kept her energy from alerting others that she was close .
tr	NNS	Cassius looked at her and chuckled .
tr	NN	The warrior tried to press forward , but the snake kept sliding back , giving him ground .
tr	NNS	Tris let Cara , Caleb , and Matthew test their new truth serum on her this morning , but I haven 't seen her since then .
tr	NN	In fact the electricity running from his hand to mine was so intense that it temporarily shorted out my brain .
tr	NNS	Lots of don 'ts came out of his mouth .
tr	NNS	His concentration levels were so high that he didn 't hear me come in .
tr	NN	It seemed to be coming from inside the empty wine cellar , but the door was locked , the cellar never used .
tr	NN	In the center of the circle is a tiny square that looks like one of those super-thin memory cards Mom had for her fancy camera .
tr	NN	No mortal could support the horror of that countenance .
tr	NNS	Shouts and cries came from the 9th army as it charged across the space between them .
tr	NN	A grimace rolled through him and he obliged just to shut her up , regretting his selection for the night .
tr	NN	Every single Reality has suffered , and the recovery will take years .
tr	NN	" The operation is to be performed on me . "
tr	NN	The car air conditioning protected them from the intense heat outside , as they sat looking out at the construction .
tr	NN	The snake is a good sign of that .
tr	NNS	" Your Highness , " the dwarf 's long nose touched the ground when he bowed .
tr	NN	A prickle of satisfaction ran through him .
tr	NN	A rank badge on his chest showed three upside down chevrons with two rockers underneath .
tr	NN	Out in the city a siren wailed , and it hurried a connection her mind had been slow to make .
tr	NN	" Let 's do it , " JJ says , clapping his hands together as if we 're in a huddle .
tr	NN	Their vocabulary belonged in the gutter .
tr	NN	A dull click told of an electric motor inside its dented body refusing to function .
tr	NNS	Know this , before I make the blood in your head burst : Your lands will suffer terribly for this insult .
tr	NN	Two thin , manicured hands slide around his torso from behind , and a beautiful , green-eyed face peeks around his built form .
tr	NN	" The specimen is dangerous , Dr. Zorba .
tr	NN	" A spark of understanding appeared in your brother 's eyes .
tr	NNS	Your elder brother 's servants found me and did what they could , but there was little hope or so they said .
tr	NN	Her ease with words like " dynamometer " pleased Mr. Chandler , so Helen became the secretary for his Section , which was Vehicle Emissions .
tr	NN	A trickle of sauce arrived on the lip of the bottle and glistened there for a moment .
tr	NNS	The Coalition resources are already thin and it will require much of ... well , much of everything , including luck , to counter these attacks . "
tr	NN	" And the gas issues ? "
tr	NN	With that , there was a distinctive click and Chandler was gone .
tr	NNS	No witnesses have come forward yet and no one has filed a missing person 's report that matches your case .
tr	NNS	There were a few unexplained and deeply suspicious deaths in that vicinity in the late 1800 's . "
tr	NN	Behind him was the Drum squad , members from all the clans combined .
tr	NNS	All my properties are green efficient and you know it .
tr	NN	" You can tell me more about your history with Aubrey Hamilton , " the sheriff said .
tr	NNS	" Both rollers and disks have halted .
tr	NNS	" Nah , the alligators eat ' .
tr	NNS	The werewolves won 't even have to bother tracking you .
tr	NN	Reality shimmered and glittered , just so much fog .
tr	NN	There was always hunger in his gaze , an intense desire he never hid from her .
tr	NNS	The drones were bigger than your thumb , a good deal , and the bands of yellow on their deep black bodies shone like fiery gold .
tr	NN	How can any clothing compare to that ? "
tr	NN	" My charming personality ? "
tr	NN	With a subtle nod the armour leapt to its feet and stood at full height .
tr	NNS	Those movies had been scary , but nothing like the slashing they 'd just witnessed .
tr	NN	The TV returned to a scene outside one of the funerals .
tr	NNS	' All your bits and pieces around you . '
tr	NNS	Others will as well . "
tr	NNS	The thumbs were the first to get whacked when she was stressed .
tr	NN	And art 's subjective .
tr	NN	His hesitation was a declaration of weakness , and to do such a thing before any aggressive predator was to invite it to attack .
tr	NNS	The creatures shook their heads as they stared at me in awe .
tr	NNS	Angry French voices followed me , footsteps thumped .
tr	NNS	The creatures stared and her , smiling maliciously .
tr	NNS	Over the turns to come , my ideas will shift even more , I suspect , and that 's the nature of existence .
tr	NN	Love has to be between equals . "
tr	NNS	And then I shut my thoughts off to him so that he won 't know the lies I 'm about to tell him , are lies .
tr	NNS	The mattress shifted and she knew without looking that he 'd pulled himself into a sitting position .
tr	NNS	Images of the last New Year 's party I 'd attended threatened to surface , and I swallowed them down with another sip .
tr	NNS	Lots of reasons to get rid of a horse in a hurry , and why come here ?
tr	NN	A physical description would have been useful , but nobody they had questioned had seen anything out of the ordinary .
tr	NNS	The sirens became louder .
tr	NNS	Our races were close at one time , worked together for the good of the planet .
tr	NNS	Chartres showed off his costume to his uncle .
tr	NNS	Waves calmed in the manner of blips on a heart monitor , but he was only attuned to Mandy 's constant pulse .
tr	NNS	The powdery clay smooshed between her toes , her stockings shredded by her run .
tr	NNS	Huntress nodded , " Precisely what has been done .
tr	NNS	There were mysteries around her that Clay did not want to solve .
tr	NNS	All four suites were similar -- the last one with only two bedrooms .
tr	NN	Copper , a village girl in training , carried the tray of glasses .
tr	NNS	For the first time in a hundred years the polar ice caps will grow again , and sea levels will stop rising , perhaps even fall . "
tr	NNS	There were bits of scales , fins , teeth , a pointy hat , claws ... and then it was Tiffany again , smiling .
tr	NNS	Things had turned out much differently than anyone could have guessed .
tr	NN	The porter told him they were gone out boating .
tr	NN	My whole body flushed and the skin that my yoga pants and tank top didn 't cover instantly broke out with goose bumps .
tr	NNS	The movies were pretty easy to pick out , but I was confused by the junk food selection .
tr	NN	The value and the volume of deals you close during a year in turn drives the bonus .
tr	NN	The old crone cackled .
tr	NNS	My two siblings are too young to understand what I can 't grasp myself , and no way would I tell dear old mom anything .
tr	NNS	Sometime during the extraordinary barrage of moving images , the torches had died out .
tr	NN	Then he leaned in , the soft sandpaper of his jaw grazing my cheek .
tr	NNS	The passengers behind him began to murmur worriedly amongst themselves .
tr	NN	That dark aura betrayed the edges of black magic he skirted .
tr	NNS	The ladies ignored her .
tr	NN	No modern nerve gas fit that description .
tr	NN	" Yesterday , at our request , the entire SETI network focused on Mars .
tr	NN	The werewolf looked worried .
tr	NN	Her pulse was racing beneath the pad of his thumb .
tr	NNS	Either the werewolves would kill the doctor for stumbling onto their land - Or I 'll kill the fool when he fails .
tr	NNS	Especially the millions of mindless young people these days , they would quickly label me as loony or worse .
tr	NN	' How far upstream is that waterfall ? '
tr	NN	" At least your personality 's still intact . "
tr	NNS	If you encounter a shadow dweller , chances are you could be fighting in darkness . "
tr	NN	The gas didn 't have any effect on Ryder .
tr	NNS	The black spaces are a part of it , pieces unraveling pulling apart .
tr	NN	Part of me wished this was the first time for us .
tr	NN	Frank 's mobile buzzed against his thigh and he dug it out , scanning the screen .
tr	NNS	She replaced the glass on the table , the contents untouched .
tr	NN	He swished his tail by way of greeting , accepted the stroke on his head .
tr	NN	The manner in which Sara said Eve 's name spoke volumes .
tr	NN	That word ' bonus ' grabbed their attention like nothing else .
tr	NNS	" Names , please , " he said .
tr	NNS	The mech wolves followed in his wake .
tr	NNS	Romulus picked it up gently , careful not to tear any of the loose , yellowed pages , and opened the cover .
tr	NNS	The colors are running all around the room .
tr	NNS	What is your Achilles ? '
tr	NNS	The uneven edges left by the blow cut into his gums , causing them to bleed , but his jaws were freed .
tr	NNS	A patched quilt was pulled tight over the bed at the far end of the room , its edges tucked neatly over the corners .
tr	NN	A degree in business with a focus in marketing is hardly a narrow field .
tr	NN	Mr. Brewer 's scowl deepened .
tr	NNS	Love hotels are about the only place in Tokyo where a conversation won 't get overheard or a record be kept . '
tr	NNS	Our tongues brushed and teased , while his thumb rubbed hard against my clit .
tr	NN	The momentum pulled me back and I flailed my arms for balance .
tr	NN	The receptionist looked hassled , haggard , and concerned .
tr	NNS	Why Can 't Things Stay Simple ?
tr	NNS	There were texts , too .
tr	NN	My pulse skyrockets as he leans in close .
tr	NN	The bandit leader stood back , and nodded .
tr	NNS	The other members of the council grumble , but one by one , they leave .
tr	NN	" Your HQ does have back-ups , right ? "
tr	NNS	Did all nuns wear such things under their habits ?
tr	NN	The parrot , well that parrot never sleeps at all that I can tell .
tr	NNS	The chains were on her tiny wrists , and I could see they were all cut up .
tr	NNS	Others gave ownership to the privateer Sir Francis Drake or the Spanish , as an out-of-the-way place to stash their wealth .
tr	NNS	However , some modern scholars argue that Nazareth was also the birthplace of Jesus .
tr	NNS	The mermaids took off .
tr	NNS	The twins have now entered a low mountain pass .
tr	NN	The pit of my stomach drops .
tr	NNS	" Some radical types might be coming here to get their pictures taken .
tr	NNS	Samuels laughed as if he recognized Bob 's words for the falsehood they were .
tr	NNS	Parts of me were still a little numb , and that was probably a good thing .
tr	NNS	Loud footsteps came through the cavern , and hope blossomed inside her .
tr	NN	The iris pattern is as unique as a person 's fingerprint .
tr	NNS	Sergio 's cousins , Frederic and Angelica , were their saving grace .
tr	NN	A tinge of red floods her cheeks , and she waves her hand in front of her face .
tr	NN	Naomi 's suitcase was in a completely different place now .
tr	NNS	The gold onion domes of the four surrounding churches glistened in a bright sun .
tr	NN	There was a chuckle , and my belly took a swift turn .
tr	NNS	A big wave crashes and the water rushes up and almost meets my toes before it rushes back .
tr	NN	" Your language is no problem son .
tr	NNS	Marius was wiggling through the hole of one of the containers , his thick legs kicking wildly as he struggled to pull himself all the way in .
tr	NNS	Little prickles of awareness followed and Angelica found herself hardly able to breathe .
tr	NN	And according to Helen Rodin 's information James Barr 's favored firing range was somewhere inside that triangle .
tr	NNS	The remaining warriors stayed on the ground .
tr	NNS	The paper 's edges flapped wildly in the wind as she turned and looked more intently at the printout .
tr	NNS	The footprints turned a corner and stopped at a beer house .
tr	NNS	The bedraggled figures had started making their way down and were heading in Sally 's direction .
tr	NNS	Doors entered these at intervals , but there were no windows .
tr	NN	And a werewolf was not to be tolerated in the house of a vampire except when socially mandated .
tr	NNS	The chances of that happening by luck were astronomically out of the question .
tr	NNS	Ada 's petty insults weren 't worth getting upset over , but how could Hunter have hidden this from me ?
tr	NN	Love and sex ended up being the only arena he dominated and Dario lagged .
tr	NN	The castle was impressive , with at least a dozen towers , all surrounded by a deep furrow which Sky had tried to fill with water .
tr	NNS	True warriors fought without it .
tr	NN	The redhead glares at her .
tr	NNS	There were no suggestions .
tr	NN	The fake security van then made the scheduled visit to pick up the consignment .
tr	NN	But if you don 't , then the senator is going to be angry .
tr	NN	There was only one option .
tr	NNS	The sirens rose over her joyful laughter .
tr	NNS	The radiation levels are rising rapidly .
tr	NN	The crate was over four feet long and nearly that in width .
tr	NNS	The initial worries I 'd had about Sam living under the same roof with a new step-father had been unfounded .
tr	NN	To her credit , the shrink didn 't zero in on my " problem " ; instead , she took a sidestep that I hadn 't anticipated .
tr	NN	His determination and ruthless business acumen were the stuff of legend .
tr	NNS	Because movies had been our thing .
tr	NN	There was a small scar at the base of his friend 's throat .
tr	NNS	These leftovers create a growing probability of error .
tr	NNS	The first writings in all the world had been commercial lists of goods bought and sold .
tr	NN	The greatest concentration of spiritual power is there .
tr	NNS	Immortals knew nothing of the everyday pain of men or of growing old .
tr	NN	" But what if it 's a fake ? "
tr	NNS	Most significant were the changes being accomplished in the home 's .
tr	NN	His career was over .
tr	NNS	The strands fell right back into place , looking instantly styled .
tr	NN	What is the usual schedule in the morning ? "
tr	NNS	The creaks and rumbling in the ice increased to an almost angry roar .
tr	NN	' The Dark Race will discover us eventually .
tr	NN	At her side had been a girl , barely past her twelfth summer .
tr	NNS	Chills ran over her body .
tr	NN	The van veered hard .
tr	NNS	The fixtures in the bathroom were ancient but clearly labeled with complete instructions that appeared in the air in a Gothic script as one approached them .
tr	NN	Preston 's younger siblings had suffered a lot when their mother was alive .
tr	NNS	Then soft padding footsteps and lamplight crept softly into the room .
tr	NNS	The ten nations rose up in Europe like some kind of dragon from the sea .
tr	NN	" My honour is my promise of repayment . "
tr	NNS	Did giant insects also inhabit the Deeps ?
tr	NN	Even the tip of the aluminum rod began to disintegrate , working slowly down its length .
tr	NN	" A maniac is loose , he 's back there in the trees , he talks to ' em . "
tr	NN	The tremor in my voice belied my attempt at calm .
tr	NNS	Their actions reminded him of a group of puppies following their leader .
tr	NN	The pub was too loud .
tr	NNS	There was a refrigerated area downstairs where they could chill out .
tr	NNS	The pirates are arriving back at the island .
tr	NN	The castle , and ancestral home of the Ballantine family , abutted the top of a cliff face on one side .
tr	NNS	The countess had been plotting for months to introduce Amira to her son .
tr	NNS	Reyes hated seeing her like this .
tr	NNS	The centers are all over .
tr	NN	Thus , their wisdom and knowledge , fortified by countless millennia and seventeen essential vitamins and minerals , was vast .
tr	NNS	Words wouldn 't convince her .
tr	NNS	The daggers explode simultaneously with a loud popping noise producing a brief , blinding light .
tr	NNS	" The chances of my actions directly causing that man 's death were slim . "
tr	NN	His yelling was a sign of how much he loved her . "
tr	NN	Her designer drag has nowhere near the impact level your little number has .
tr	NN	Their progress was slow , and he knew that sweat was running down his cheeks .
tr	NNS	The emptiness inside her seems overwhelming .
tr	NNS	Alexis shook his head , eyes still on his pad .
tr	NNS	The ghosts floated to their feet , Tom straightening his broken neck .
tr	NNS	The more prosperous ladies also wore several pieces of jewelry , small pendants , earrings and rings .
tr	NNS	Then , over time , the levels dropped to normal .
tr	NN	Nodding once , my supervisor pulled the door beside me closed as I stood , aghast , inside the large office .
tr	NN	" How can I help you " the smiling receptionist said as Abi took a sip of the water .
tr	NN	" That tank holds fifty five gallons , but we haven 't had any rain in a while .
tr	NNS	A few simple sentences , that 's all it takes , for my world to forever change .
tr	NN	" Ok , see you in a bit . "
tr	NN	An enigma named Amber , full of surprises and secrets .
tr	NNS	Others she would pack in the BOW for deliveries , along with her personal delivery .
tr	NNS	The sculptures had frightened her as a child , especially when she 'd seen them come alive at Xavier 's whim and stalk her across the floor .
tr	NN	After she was completely buried , the intruder walked over to the mound of dirt and patted it with his foot .
tr	NN	There was no Simone , but Jesse and Gloria were in Jesse 's room .
tr	NNS	The ceilings were very high .
tr	NN	The rag came away sticky with her blood and his sem * n .
tr	NN	" The mayor has an Achilles ' high heel .
tr	NNS	There were no signs of nocturnal feasts anywhere in her home the following morning .
tr	NN	While they spoke , a loud chorus of screams came from the background -- thousands of voices , thousands of pieces .
tr	NN	Monastery wine cellar look .
tr	NN	And there 's no profit in wind , sun and water .
tr	NN	At that moment , there was a tap at the door .
tr	NNS	Canvas paintings hung on every wall .
tr	NN	The race respected all forms of life .
tr	NNS	His wolves expected him to mate with a Lupine , to provide a cub who would be their next leader .
tr	NNS	Several bulging pouches lined his belt while his small backpack containing an assortment of books sat at his feet .
tr	NNS	Gramps would give me hell .
tr	NN	Not that subtlety mattered .
tr	NNS	Screams and yells from outside startle me , making me jump .
tr	NN	" Yes , " Franz said , sounding annoyed , " every goddamn day Caitlin comes in here and shoves the pills down my throat . "
tr	NNS	Susan 's attempts at getting them to disbelieve in the things only caused the problems to get worse .
tr	NNS	" What are the chances that I 'd find this article ?
tr	NNS	His classmates shouted while Mr. Brunson tried one last time .
tr	NNS	The zombies are getting pretty out of hand out there .
tr	NNS	Romulus shook his head .
tr	NN	His full revenge included her though , so he 'd have her in his bed again and then she 'd be begging him not to leave .
tr	NNS	The drugs are still wearing off . "
tr	NNS	Gus demands , then turns to me .
tr	NNS	The child disappearances are just an added worry . "
tr	NN	Her only other option to avoid contact would be to part her legs .
tr	NNS	There are coins scattered all over the place and shards of mirror all over the floor .
tr	NNS	No wolves , at least not that I can smell .
tr	NNS	Our kisses were hungry now , devouring .
tr	NNS	Flowers lined the perimeter of the house in wide flowerbeds , with hedged walkways to and from barns and outbuildings in the near distance .
tr	NNS	His actions indicate it was most likely a scouting mission .
tr	NN	A sharp swirl of tingles rushed through her body .
tr	NNS	At the same time , shouts erupted outside the room .
tr	NNS	Things had changed so much in the past few years .
tr	NN	Then an idiot on a Yamaha roared past me , missing my front bumper by a few scant inches .
tr	NNS	Chunky necklaces and bracelets of amethyst adorned her neck and wrists , which made her dark blue eyes appear purple .
tr	NNS	Reyes felt a moment of sorrow , but reminded himself there could be no peace as long as Hunters lived to spread their hate .
tr	NNS	His family values were clear and I truly appreciated this .
tr	NN	The pendant magically appeared back on my neck .
tr	NNS	The monitors showed that their hearts were beating , but their brain waves were flatlined .
tr	NN	An attractive brunette asked me if I 'd be willing to tutor her , and some guy gave me a high-five hand slap .
tr	NNS	" Where are all the paintings Dad gave you for the shop ? "
tr	NNS	Lots of them screamed .
tr	NN	" But I -- " " Is this some proving for you ?
tr	NN	" I think company performance of late says otherwise , " Hale 's uncle muttered , but no one else said anything aloud .
tr	NNS	The twins moved in closer to get a better view of the actual penetration .
tr	NN	The knight gave a painful groan , just before his lips slammed against hers .
tr	NN	Was my lack of social experience that obvious ?
tr	NNS	Why most couples birthed only one child .
tr	NNS	Her fingernails dug into his tight ass , pulling him to her with every stroke .
tr	NN	The powerful release crashed through his body as he pumped into her .
tr	NN	The gryphon stood in the middle of the trail , staring at me .
tr	NN	The captain was leaning against the uppermost side of the cabin , his head in his hands .
tr	NNS	Bloody palm prints stood out in sharp relief on the pale metal of the buildings .
tr	NNS	Maybe bat snores are too high - pitched for humans to hear .
tr	NN	The girl 's British accent seemed to intensify with her excitement .
tr	NN	The priest eyed him closely .
tr	NN	" What 's your status ?
tr	NNS	Maybe your motives were a bit off , but I know you deep down inside .
tr	NN	Beorn 's pipe slipped within his grip .
tr	NNS	The creatures closely resembled the sea animals Aros had seen before on another world .
tr	NNS	Their magic users are simply borrowers , tapping into various sources , needing to replenish themselves constantly .
tr	NNS	So far , all the flags and signs were for the Heritage Party .
tr	NN	She paused , her hesitation palpable .
tr	NNS	Dragon cats are filthy , wild animals . "
tr	NN	But the damage was irreversible .
tr	NNS	Three dark robed figures stood looking at her , they were small and she was certain they were female .
tr	NN	The yelling dies down and I 'm glad .
tr	NN	His persona changed and his mouth twisted a little .
tr	NN	" Ok , well then , let 's get to your first period .
tr	NNS	But there are millions of Smiths .
tr	NNS	The wolves , I understood .
tr	NN	But if you tire out or the cramping sets in again ... " Jake nodded vigorously .
tr	NN	Jack 's secretary can get you in touch with a car service to get all of them , wherever they are .
tr	NNS	Americus Freeman ... " Matthew almost spit a mouthful of stew .
tr	NN	" The Book of Moons , " he said without hesitation .
tr	NNS	Curious faces turned to look .
tr	NNS	Behind us the whispers of the crowd swelled .
tr	NNS	Sean stiffens at first and then seems to relax .
tr	NN	Lust flared so powerfully from him that heat flowed all across her skin .
tr	NNS	' Folks like me are normally only the staff in places like that . '
tr	NN	" I realize it 's uncomfortable , " the intern was saying .
tr	NN	The dragon was here . "
tr	NN	As the light faded , the uninhabited range of mountains before them became darker and more mysterious , unexpectedly comforting .
tr	NN	Just as their exit came into view , the shrieking and snarling grew louder .
tr	NN	The soft swish of Shadow 's skis , the frozen snow and the cold on his face heightened his awareness as the target area was fast approaching .
tr	NNS	Now , my worst fears about these surgeries seem to be true . "
tr	NNS	The witnesses have been endless , people I don 't remember , but who sure have a lot to say about me .
tr	NNS	A few strands of hair flew up to tickle my nose as the beginnings of a welcome breeze took shape , carrying with it a tranquil sensation .
tr	NNS	Several members sucked their breaths in sharply .
tr	NN	Cori 's instinct was the answer would be no , and so it proved .
tr	NNS	Others simply stared at their bloodstained boots .
tr	NNS	Interest payments would be at least $ 200,000 per month .
tr	NN	Jazz felt a definite creep along her back .
tr	NNS	Very few areas were dark or dim .
tr	NNS	Looks like our base reading is point zero - " I waved my hand in front of the detector .
tr	NNS	" Over two hundred specialists devote their lives to collecting and preparing delicacies from all over the continent .
tr	NN	The inspector snapped shut his PDA .
tr	NN	The lava crunched like glass under her feet until the path ducked into a thick pine forest .
tr	NN	A bullet blazed just past Cassidy 's arm , so close that she felt the burn on her skin .
tr	NNS	The ladies seemed to be turned on by this when he smoothly explained .
tr	NNS	" Oh , there aren 't any insects here . "
tr	NN	That any Carpathian would ?
tr	NNS	What were the chances that they weren 't lying lifeless in the woods somewhere ?
tr	NN	There was no medical explanation for why this child had lived as long as she had .
tr	NNS	Receiving threatening letters didn 't warrant a personal security detail in any situation .
tr	NNS	The coins shattered several of these bones .
tr	NNS	From their elevated position , the passengers were able to take in the small , city airstrip .
tr	NN	The appeal of " recreational " drugs had completely passed me by , but I wasn 't totally naive .
tr	NNS	Even bakery cookies would do in a pinch .
tr	NN	Hey , my uncle called me and the DNA test came in .
tr	NNS	The cords in Henry 's neck stood out from the tension in his body .
tr	NN	" The stairwell is rank and uncomfortable , but doable .
tr	NNS	Her movements were fluid , without even a thought between them .
tr	NN	My spine felt like fire , our body heat combining with the steam to make everything slick .
tr	NNS	Garstang 's social contacts must run far and wide ; the old boy has been around a while .
tr	NN	There is no agenda .
tr	NNS	The chains reflected the way she thought of him , very powerful , intense , with a layering of determination that expressed his current goals .
tr	NN	" Even the Jedi database has no record of him ever existing whatsoever .
tr	NNS	If the people who went mad normally worked at some trade , farmed , or crafted trade goods , then their supplies must be running low .
tr	NN	His reasoning was sound .
tr	NNS	In some way , the crowns had seized it , just as they 'd seized him and the Bright Queen .
tr	NN	Finally , the cart bumped up onto the sidewalk and across it .
tr	NNS	The boards scraped and chafed her bare legs and rear .
tr	NN	The author kicked back and laughed a little .
tr	NNS	Paint supplies , pencils , and canvases are everywhere , and the air smells of fresh paint .
tr	NNS	Sadness filled his eyes .
tr	NN	Can even the illusion of pain eventually trigger something real ?
tr	NN	" The simple explanation is not always the right one . "
tr	NN	' An iceberg will tear a hole in the starboard side of the vessel .
tr	NN	Grieg dead behind a locked door , fifty wrecked security robots , and an assassin who simply vanishes without a trace .
tr	NNS	Even the five heavy iron chandeliers were full of burning candles .
tr	NN	The hesitation was enough for him to take back the advantage .
tr	NN	The gargoyle performed a deep bow .
tr	NNS	Images of anyone named Scott Hunter .
tr	NNS	Waves crashed on the shore .
tr	NN	This observation prompted Simon to quickly excuse himself and sprint back home .
tr	NN	His accent was more pronounced .
tr	NNS	There were many creatures that were humanoid , but many more were creatures of all shapes , colors and sizes .
tr	NNS	But behind their cheerful masks are signs of nervousness , flickering eyes , and furrowed brows .
tr	NNS	Only my eyelids would work and I used them fiercely as I blinked rapidly at John , pleading for him to understand my fear .
tr	NNS	Those shots that connected did little damage to the thick oak contour of the ships .
tr	NN	The laboratory had much equipment and cots .
tr	NNS	Images of Draco on his knees gasping for air ran through me .
tr	NN	The chef wheeled the cake up onto the dais .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of Tula ran through his mind like a soft , cool breeze on a miserable day .
tr	NN	The straight forward manner of her saying this took him aback .
tr	NNS	The flakes melt before touching my skin , but the cool drops of water still feel good .
tr	NN	That hurts , " the new arrival said .
tr	NN	" I heard the project with Scott and David is coming along well , " I sorta asked Lowe .
tr	NNS	The chances of slipping through their approaching net did not strike her as good .
tr	NNS	The documents were identical to those he had given to Mr Nour , except for the name change , of course .
tr	NN	This particular scenic overlook was fairly popular , and there was a small covered veranda illuminated by a handful of dimly lit bulbs .
tr	NN	" Well , Major , in another fifteen minutes , the spotlight shifts to you .
tr	NNS	Other mothers had told Karen they were wasted on a boy .
tr	NN	Roman 's adrenaline kicked in hard and fast .
tr	NNS	The warriors were the last to leave , making sure everyone was safe .
tr	NNS	The drugs were wrapping her within their tentacles and trying to draw her into the dark depths of a sea she wouldn 't awaken from .
tr	NN	Its tip was of the same shape as Alvin 's blisters .
tr	NNS	For him there was a little mattress of straw and woollen blankets .
tr	NNS	The ancestors were much stronger and more powerful now that they had their own bodies .
tr	NNS	The nearby warriors stirred at once .
tr	NNS	There 's billions of people on this planet , and I 'm sure I 'm not the only bird capable of bringing those people together . "
tr	NNS	My boobs are practically bursting out of my tiny singlet , but he doesn 't even give them a cursory glance .
tr	NNS	His daggers lay at his feet , and there was blood on his training clothes .
tr	NN	Way to make him want you , Rimmel .
tr	NNS	The seamstress spooled out some more thread , kneeling by Levana 's ankles .
tr	NNS	The defenses retracted , and the panels settled back in place .
tr	NNS	Words like " murder " and " motive " and " we 'll call our lawyers . "
tr	NN	His celebration was short-lived , however .
tr	NNS	All our female relatives and acquaintances who never deemed to speak to her or her mother before are falling over themselves to be reintroduced . "
tr	NNS	No worries , " I replied .
tr	NN	Part of me wanted to think so .
tr	NNS	Her sobs intensified , and Ethan felt his own eyes filling with tears in the face of her anguish .
tr	NN	Love gave him the dates of the week of Carol Butterfield 's murder .
tr	NN	The warrior was staring at him with a hard glint in his green eyes .
tr	NNS	The idiots in the car laughed like they were taking a joy ride on Space Mountain .
tr	NNS	Did his fears show forth cowardice , or wise discretion ?
tr	NNS	' These four letters have to mean something .
tr	NNS	Questions began to pour through my mind , and I lifted my eyes to the woman , ready to voice them all at once .
tr	NNS	Jean-Pierre 's nostrils flared .
tr	NNS	Those cliffs had been there when Gilly was a girl .
tr	NN	The ferry was almost empty .
tr	NN	The pear she held turned to lifeless mush .
tr	NN	His agitation ebbed and the humor of his situation tickled him .
tr	NN	She would be a perfect companion for Elizabeth if she would allow it , " the duke countered .
tr	NN	And then there was that surgeon , Mr James Sullivan .
tr	NN	The spark backfired and the oil burst into flames .
tr	NNS	Gramps calls after me as I head up the stairs , " You 're still going to read the book , right ? "
tr	NN	One ha ' penny , two ha ' penny , hot cross buns !
tr	NN	The best leader does .
tr	NN	A phobia really means there is something in your unconscious buried deep , too intolerable for you to bear .
tr	NNS	Theo 's drums seemed too high in the mix , and he saw Lee glaring in his direction a couple of times as they played .
tr	NN	The tip buried into her wet heat .
tr	NNS	The warriors moved restlessly , trying to keep their horses still , but even the horses felt the tension here and it made them nervous .
tr	NNS	Gramps generally took her rejections in stride ; for whatever reason , he liked Nana .
tr	NNS	Her powerful jaws sawed into his neck and head and took half of his brains out in one gulp .
tr	NN	There was a strange mumbling in her ears .
tr	NN	A low whistle cut through the erotic images in Byron 's mind .
tr	NN	This dumpster is rank .
tr	NNS	Dead end ideas raced through her mind .
tr	NNS	Sand fleas were eating away at my ankles and arms .
tr	NN	Perhaps the intent is to cause indirect anxiety .
tr	NNS	Girls talked about that stuff .
tr	NN	The passion comes hard and fast , as it is meant to .
tr	NNS	Little drops of it were flung behind him as he picked up speed and raced toward the fight .
tr	NNS	All your predictions came true - though you might have bloody told me exactly who had put a hex on me . "
tr	NNS	The wolves crouched together in instinctive synchrony , their hind legs tensing to leap .
tr	NNS	" And drugs , " I added , fists clench .
tr	NNS	On the screen , there are always the sentences saying he has to go .
tr	NNS	The werewolves surged forward but were blasted by the two bombs , sending them through the air , where they landed on their backs .
tr	NN	Yuck , this milk 's weak . "
tr	NN	Eventual y , I cried myself to sleep , relieved to feel the comfort of oblivion carrying me away .
tr	NN	A coin lay at his feet , and he bent to pick it up .
tr	NN	' ' Well , in this book , the infection was only in one country .
tr	NN	The local Clave , on the other hand , is a good deal more ... hidebound . "
tr	NN	The startling discovery explained a lot of things .
tr	NN	There was a small ping she felt and a slice of pain , but it was over before she even knew it had occurred .
tr	NNS	His boxers came off with them until he was sitting in front of her , naked and as hard as he 'd ever been in his life .
tr	NN	His hairless rump pressed its neck to the ground so the triangular head with its flickering tongue remained exposed .
tr	NN	The man came out swinging , a stake clutched in one hand .
tr	NNS	There are many different planes of existence within the panorama of life the Creator of Life has given us .
tr	NN	" The landline , " Georgie said .
tr	NN	An eight hour stint of back-breaking labour was worth any amount of time spent on an exercise bicycle or elliptical .
tr	NNS	The CU crackles and Jason hears coughing .
tr	NNS	The deaths of those humans were a messy necessity . "
tr	NNS	There were tens of thousands of them , all silent , every face watching me .
tr	NNS	" Her movements okay ? "
tr	NN	Part of him liked that .
tr	NN	Ajax , clearly pleased with himself , went running around the ring at full speed , tossing his mane , his tail held high .
tr	NN	Her pulse was racing and she felt suddenly very sick .
tr	NNS	" We were just finishing up our discussion of the wedding , " the duchess said as she sat back down .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids popped open , as if she , too , had felt the jolt .
tr	NN	Since I 'm the maid of honor and all . "
tr	NN	The rope started to burn with the touch of the gold .
tr	NNS	Things might get really serious .
tr	NNS	Hands pounding on metal .
tr	NNS	How are the candidates faring ?
tr	NN	No , ' t is only a little ache .
tr	NNS	Marius will be furious .
tr	NN	Behind them lay a filmy layer of brown smog .
tr	NNS	Her classmates screamed and jostled in their seats .
tr	NN	Opposite the railing rose a brick wall .
tr	NN	" No , no , my dear fellow , the very thought of it is too , too tiresome . "
tr	NNS	" Officials are on their way here .
tr	NN	The new commander of the Garrison was Captain Mark Anderson .
tr	NNS	Things were clearer here .
tr	NN	The courtyard between the two treehouses was thick with snares and traps .
tr	NN	" No offense , Abigail , but men like your father have a great deal of power .
tr	NN	The dragon smiled , showing all of its teeth .
tr	NNS	The Tanks will be after us . "
tr	NNS	Laughing and cheering and candid expressions of love and appreciation accompanied the tales .
tr	NNS	The other werewolves were passing through .
tr	NN	The gas tank was almost empty and there would be no more for ten days to two weeks , but this did not concern him , either .
tr	NNS	Our satellites cannot see the destination point , but their destination is South America .
tr	NNS	' Your films are of great use . '
tr	NN	An elderly gentleman dressed in jeans and a blue jean jacket appeared from inside the stables and waved at her .
tr	NNS	Reyes looked down at her , his expression hard .
tr	NNS	Images of shirtless Aiden flashed before me .
tr	NN	The admiral held the power of the fleet in his own hands .
tr	NN	her grandmother twirled her like only cute old British grandmothers could do , and sighed .
tr	NN	The way Molly 's eyes dart around fearfully puts me on edge as well .
tr	NN	" How is this remotely your fault ? "
tr	NNS	Bugs then snatched up his coat and headed for the door .
tr	NN	Opening my eyes brought more pain , and all I could see was gray paint .
tr	NN	There 's a quantum theory of gravity that involves subatomic particles called gravitons .
tr	NN	A panel above the door was blinking yellow .
tr	NNS	Others were women she had worked with , respected , and even trusted .
tr	NNS	Moses did not know , but he obeyed , driving slowly away from the intersection .
tr	NN	The highway curved , and Troy drove onto a little-used back road .
tr	NNS	The possibilities are endless with two simple body parts .
tr	NNS	Chartres bore his wound most gallantly .
tr	NNS	" Holy shit , what did you ladies do to get a suite like this ?
tr	NNS	The nations of the earth were watching the worlds two mightiest military powers square up to each other , and their minds turned to self preservation .
tr	NNS	Like some primordial sea beast aroused from hibernation , the faint currents of energy shifted and swirled .
tr	NN	Their reconciliation came the week after homecoming .
tr	NNS	Warrior 's pupils roll back into her head and she crumbles to the sand .
tr	NN	When he got to the top , hopefully the lifeboat would be within range .
tr	NN	There 's an almost disturbing absence of smell once you get out far enough . "
tr	NNS	It takes me a moment to remember that Miranda is the girl whose locker has become a shrine , the one Nicole said died in October .
tr	NNS	There were a few humorless chuckles .
tr	NN	A beer moustache is the answer to saving the universe ?
tr	NN	The first mate raised his eyebrows .
tr	NNS	The blades sliced through his arms , severing his hands and forearms from his body .
tr	NNS	Huge fat black lies had come out of her mouth probably in their hundreds , but I couldn 't blame her .
tr	NNS	Reyes squared his shoulders .
tr	NN	My partner was not particularly happy with me because I lost the game for us .
tr	NN	The surgeon gave her a composing draught and ordered us to leave her undisturbed .
tr	NNS	Their oaths and muffled curses accompanied by the whinny of their lathered horses .
tr	NNS	Red lasers climbed the walls inside the house , looking for a target .
tr	NNS	Things hadn 't gone well when he 'd phoned her Monday afternoon .
tr	NN	The werewolf didn 't get it .
tr	NN	Not that I minded my grandmother 's decorating , but it was always nice to be surrounded by your own things .
tr	NN	Reality wasn 't much of an improvement , even when I warmed a tofu and zucchini sandwich over the fire on the end of a stick .
tr	NNS	The revealing breeches could have much to do with his constant state of arousal , although he 'd never before considered men 's clothing particularly enticing .
tr	NN	Her kitchen studio is world famous .
tr	NN	Now the sappy stuff ... My parents have loved and supported me my whole life .
tr	NN	A bullet whizzed past , missing me by several centimetres .
tr	NN	The boom from my gun set off a howl down the street as a dozen more Goblins came to see what was going on .
tr	NNS	Alejo 's leather sandals sucked at the mud as he followed Ishmael .
tr	NNS	Others were making out in the street .
tr	NNS	Just so many tongues licking just so many lips as his father finished the last of Gerald 's fries before returning to his own , safely his .
tr	NN	There 's a twinkle in her eyes .
tr	NN	" There 's absolutely no nutritional value to that stuff , and you haven 't eaten all day .
tr	NN	" There is no kindness in me .
tr	NN	" All right , " an English accent says to me . "
tr	NNS	Cassius looked back at me .
tr	NN	Love is a gift you give to another person .
tr	NN	The elf slipped to the floor , physically , emotionally , and mentally exhausted .
tr	NNS	Myles didn 't have any food or drink .
tr	NNS	" The figures are up for fights and assaults . "
tr	NNS	The technicians are going to set you up now . "
tr	NN	Part of me wanted to give myself over to him , but I needed to use the bathroom badly , which brought up another concern .
tr	NNS	All her instincts warned that this time , Tina wouldn 't recover .
tr	NNS	You hard-to-get types are always the most fun .
tr	NN	The deep scratch marks on the wall behind the oval mirror .
tr	NN	The mass of frozen fire turned to mist as the fire melted it .
tr	NNS	The images were getting murkier , fuzzier , more scattered .
tr	NNS	What are the chances we would end up where we are , studying this rubbing , in the very same household as the Hero of Ages ? "
tr	NNS	Now , the colors have faded away and the children were clogging a few benches as they watched a fighting game in their PSP .
tr	NNS	Strangers kill other strangers for sexual satisfaction .
tr	NN	" An angel must have taken you sometime in the night ... " Warm , heavy tears ran down his cheeks .
tr	NN	" The second tremor was probably debris settling . "
tr	NN	A haze of rain arose softly from beneath , or was it mist falling off the sea ?
tr	NNS	Our actions allow us to make magic that can increase our ability to do the action or to create magical connections , " " How ? "
tr	NNS	Her stockings were in tatters .
tr	NNS	Alexis woke up with a start .
tr	NN	A dart of pain ripped through my heart and I held on to the counter tightly .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids fluttered shut .
tr	NN	My goal was to get through the day and see Simon tonight .
tr	NN	The gentle rebuke scattered the rage that had temporarily taken control of her .
tr	NN	Our reunion had its own background sound track , as the loudspeakers positioned around the square continued to blare out Christmas music .
tr	NNS	For the past millennia , our species barely changed .
tr	NN	There was no particular proof , but it was easy to guess that something is off with his own past , too .
tr	NN	And his reward had been in keeping both with his nature and with his commands : it had been the Ira .
tr	NN	A sob tore from her throat .
tr	NNS	Her long fingernails gently scratched the top of my hand , moving back and forth , sending reassurance through me .
tr	NN	How many times a healer has worked on me ?
tr	NNS	A million lies came dashing to my rescue , pushing each other to scramble for the front of the line .
tr	NNS	Of course , the wolves fell in love and wanted to have a family .
tr	NN	The sticky glaze that had flaked off during the fight was all over them .
tr	NN	The colonel looked up from his computer display .
tr	NN	The tip of my fingers dove in , and groped through the flesh and slimy parts of his anatomy .
tr	NNS	Things were embarrassing enough as it was .
tr	NN	Where was the intruder now ?
tr	NNS	The paintings more than made up for the lack of fancy furniture .
tr	NNS	There were openings all around that showed more corridors leading to other areas .
tr	NNS	That two inches was all that she needed .
tr	NN	A thud emerged from the darkness .
tr	NN	" I say we pull out his toenails first , " said the clown .
tr	NNS	No roads or paths marked the way , and travelers would have great trouble getting down the sheer sides .
tr	NN	My first instinct was to pull away , to shout , because it was such an invasion of my boundaries .
tr	NN	" You need to lower your arms and place them behind your back , " the agent calmly said .
tr	NN	The man 's accent was thick .
tr	NN	Monique 's once promising career had simply dried up and blown away .
tr	NN	Bandages covered her head , the gauze darkened here and there by blood soaking through .
tr	NN	He 's dripping sweat , his white T-shirt soaked through .
tr	NNS	Sirens sounded in the distance .
tr	NNS	Before her diagnosis , both possibilities would 've frightened her so much she probably wouldn 't have taken the chance .
tr	NN	Ainsley tasted his hunger , the terror he 'd shared with her .
tr	NN	Even if lives were lost , their sacrifice would be for a great step in the advancement of half the world 's population .
tr	NNS	Even followers from other countries were joining the movement .
tr	NNS	Suspicious replied with a shrug .
tr	NNS	" Dogs are very expense to clone and own . "
tr	NNS	The werewolves had arrived .
tr	NNS	Others had studied with him long enough to earn degrees and had shown by their devotion to him personally that they were worthy .
tr	NN	Then another low growl from the leader caused the russet wolf to whip his head around , back toward Laurent .
tr	NNS	Several cloaked figures waited at the bottom of the gangplank , and one of them broke away from the others to walk toward Tavi .
tr	NNS	" Good ... good ... " The duchess nodded and down went another sip of sherry .
tr	NN	My daddy swears all the time . "
tr	NNS	Cadmus was my only focus as I charged down the cascading marble staircase of Zeus ' palace in a blinding streak of motion .
tr	NN	The dragon nodded sagely .
tr	NN	Thick and gold , it had Celtic dragon heads facing each other .
tr	NNS	How did werewolves react to gunshot wounds ?
tr	NN	After pressing a few buttons , the wood panel over her dresser parted , revealing a large television screen .
tr	NN	The other secretary scribbled notes as Avery barked the orders and demands he wanted carried out while he was away .
tr	NNS	All actions carried out , especially those in relation to the space mining operations , were under the most watchful eyes of the Imperium 's best men .
tr	NNS	The raids on the City were just safer , that 's all .
tr	NNS	The mattress dipped when Sam sat beside me , hooking his arm around my waist and pulling me into his side .
tr	NNS	Cars and trucks jammed the streets .
tr	NNS	She exits then enters a new room .
tr	NN	Her scar would glare , bringing the world rushing back between them .
tr	NNS	The first meetings and the first mission they had together .
tr	NNS	Five businessmen sat round a table , lit by a candle stuck in a saucer .
tr	NNS	All those Jupiter signs plopped all around aroused suspicion .
tr	NNS	Tatiana 's fingernails are as scarlet as her lips .
tr	NN	There was an odd , aching pulse between her legs .
tr	NN	The big werewolf bellowed as he swung around .
tr	NN	The priest wanted to find a way that they could go on exciting adventures together , despite her injuries .
tr	NNS	His drones were nosing about after something , and it wasn 't hats . "
tr	NNS	Words sat on the tip of my tongue , but I couldn 't let them out .
tr	NN	There are a ton of side streets around here .
tr	NN	My minion sprang into action .
tr	NN	" Naw ; might take awhile , " the redhead disagreed .
tr	NN	" The student becomes the teacher . "
tr	NN	A spark of burned pewter , however , made the climb effortless enough that she didn 't sweat and ruin her makeup .
tr	NNS	Outside , the dusty winds were more severe , but I didn 't linger .
tr	NNS	Immortals should rule this planet not be ruled by rules . "
tr	NN	" My grandmother , " I finished for him .
tr	NNS	The two seats were empty .
tr	NN	There was medical equipment piled everywhere .
tr	NNS	The only birthdays she recalled were the ones she spent missing her mother and hurting that her father chose to work instead of staying home .
tr	NNS	Like we were rats being herded into a labyrinth .
tr	NNS	Things grew quiet again , and we ate for a while with nothing said .
tr	NNS	Things were about to get worse .
tr	NNS	The tentacles flailed wildly .
tr	NNS	" Other happenings have been overshadowing the happiness of my land . "
tr	NNS	Things aren 't really moving any slower around us , but we are processing things faster , taking in more information .
tr	NN	the captain of Enchanted screams over the speaker .
tr	NNS	" Your siblings are just jealous of you . "
tr	NN	Our bodies align and press together as I kiss her with all the pent-up energy I 've been collecting since the first day we met .
tr	NNS	Even her attempts at affection had become unwelcome , because they only drew more attention to me .
tr	NNS	The duchess and her party move to fall into a new formation but have not yet left the field .
tr	NN	The trio worked out more aspects of their upcoming production while Mr. Jenkins listened on in amusement .
tr	NN	Then perhaps north across the countryside . "
tr	NN	" Perhaps my lord should keep it safe till it be peaceably claimed . "
tr	NNS	His past actions hadn 't given me any indication of his request .
tr	NNS	The dwarves and Bilbo shouted and cheered .
tr	NN	Love is hard work .
tr	NNS	Their shiny eye masks almost looked painted on .
tr	NNS	The energy levels were promising there , though , if inconsistent .
tr	NNS	The villagers didn 't back away .
tr	NN	The seatbelt is a good idea . "
tr	NN	" The sheriff thinks I made up everything I said , but the motel receipt was pretty conclusive . "
tr	NNS	His pursuers refused to follow him .
tr	NN	The goddess counts the years , at the beginning .
tr	NN	So the shooter got away . "
tr	NN	Now the troll looked directly at Vimes .
tr	NNS	Things like this can spiral and spoil everything .
tr	NNS	Werewolves didn 't exist .
tr	NNS	The protective suits ' helmets concealed our identities and I was pleased to see that the life-support systems were nearly fully charged .
tr	NN	The knight looked down at his crest as if seeing it for the first time .
tr	NN	There 's a mob of early birds going up today for a dinner at the pub . '
tr	NN	The captain seemed to be the very soul of legitimate authority .
tr	NNS	Lola 's eyelids were closing like they were too heavy for her to keep open .
tr	NNS	The burns on his skin had already healed .
tr	NN	Now the trailer was full of even more oxygen and also hydrogen .
tr	NNS	Complete and total pandemonium resulted .
tr	NN	But his lack of oral hygiene held her there , on her knees at the sill .
tr	NNS	Filing cabinets flanked his left and a large potted palm tree flanked his right .
tr	NNS	Reyes recalled the process and how it had taken two decades of slow , determined effort .
tr	NN	Isn 't there any justice left in the world ?
tr	NN	Then the glares began to change to grins , the grins escalated into broad smiles , and finally , gave way to laughter .
tr	NNS	Stacks poured himself another glass of whiskey , but offered me none .
tr	NN	Worry and concern now filled those black pupils .
tr	NNS	And trust me , creatures of the bovine variety are not exactly up to the highest social standards .
tr	NNS	Jewels was working on the intestines at the moment , sewing with a special thick thread and curved needle .
tr	NN	" How gallant of you , " a Fairy hunter mocked him and pushed him away from Willow .
tr	NN	Engaged to Melissa 's brother Guy , the petite blonde had become a very close friend in the month since they met .
tr	NNS	The detectives let their charge bound up and out , before talking very quickly .
tr	NN	Next to the grounding peace of the garden , the serene tranquility of her library served as her favorite sanctuary .
tr	NNS	At least thirty huts formed the perimeter of the clearing .
tr	NNS	Things happened quickly then .
tr	NNS	" Any open spots left for me ? "
tr	NN	There was a viewing terminal opposite me , and I watched a news report regarding the recent events .
tr	NNS	At best these equations can mimic a few particles in very simple processes .
tr	NN	A swirl of inky black jettisoned across the blue stone , tormenting the souls held inside .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of them together made Katherine want to throw up .
tr	NNS	Surely the spirit warriors would seek to destroy him , and they could follow faster than he could escape .
tr	NN	The emotional release poured out of me as he rubbed my back and kissed my face and neck .
tr	NNS	Things got quiet rather quick .
tr	NNS	Doors lined the narrow corridor on both sides .
tr	NN	" So , " he guessed , " the summer intern proceeds to get pregnant by said partner , basking in the thrill of his attention . "
tr	NN	Storm insisted that he move in with us , so he 's not burdened with rent .
tr	NNS	Hands suddenly reached out of the darkness for me , wrapping around my throat and cutting off my air .
tr	NN	But the dark countryside and the whirling snow made it difficult to see .
tr	NNS	After many more positions were ascribed , the ogres began to filter out .
tr	NN	My terminal didn 't miss it .
tr	NN	A bullet had pierced his heart , and another had entered his head .
tr	NNS	Erebus is a story . '
tr	NN	Eve 's stepmother nearly broke Eve 's leg .
tr	NN	" That is correct , Miss Waterman , I remember the problem , " the sheriff stood up .
tr	NN	A tremor of a smile tugged at one side of her mouth .
tr	NNS	The three dwarves took no part in the second visit to Earth .
tr	NNS	Things were going well .
tr	NN	The tube whipped out from under me , and I plummeted into the water with a painful smack .
tr	NNS	He nodded at Sheree and her mother , then checked his patient 's vital signs .
tr	NN	A stack of documents was waiting on the table .
tr	NNS	At my name , the other two buyers turn to observe me .
tr	NN	Just mumble like it 's Arabic .
tr	NN	" Your kindness is extraordinary , my queen , " she lied about her opinion with obviousness , " but my clothing is fine . "
tr	NN	The orgasm went on and on .
tr	NNS	Seventeen inches of shiny black hair that , minutes ago , had brushed the middle of my back were now lying on the floor .
tr	NNS	Classes had started and soon they would begin to ask questions .
tr	NNS	Words remained as scarce as the streets of Dallas as they travel through the city .
tr	NNS	There were different types of Luck .
tr	NN	" The notion of the paradox is closely connected with meaning and our need to import paradigms of thought .
tr	NNS	There were long , thin metal rods to hold it up .
tr	NNS	Gage 's eyelids pop up , and he 's staring at me again .
tr	NN	Its matted white fur hung loosely along its sides and face .
tr	NNS	My thumbs went to work responding : K , be safe .
tr	NN	A guttering lamp in the hallway accounted for the unsteady illumination .
tr	NN	" A responsible adult , you mean .
tr	NN	As the scene collapsed into tunnel vision , the pulse of the engine melded into one long scream .
tr	NNS	Reyes turned toward the right and aloud said , " Another boat is coming .
tr	NN	Just at the outskirts of town a van and a truck forced us off the road .
tr	NNS	The city gates had to be opened for them .
tr	NN	" Hey , hey , kid , watch where you are pointing that thing .
tr	NNS	Two figures straddled the beast 's back , Goat and another , obscured behind him .
tr	NN	" The taint left marks on you .
tr	NNS	The boy stared blindly toward the ceiling , pupils dilated .
tr	NN	" Who is leader here ? "
tr	NNS	Her fingernails gently scraped his freshly shaven jaw .
tr	NNS	Reyes stared up at the heavens , part of him hoping the answer would fall from the stars .
tr	NNS	More dwarves were missing than he imagined .
tr	NN	Just then Abe notices the insecurity on my face .
tr	NN	The redhead ignored him .
tr	NN	There was a glint of teeth .
tr	NNS	Here were facilities , a shower .
tr	NNS	Things like shopping , and dancing , and dating .
tr	NNS	Even the groupies who 'd followed him around once he started playing in the NFL hadn 't had her perseverance .
tr	NNS	There are no losers that I can see . "
tr	NN	The rider , dressed in neon yellow and lime green , stood out against a cloudless blue sky .
tr	NN	" No kidding , " I said in a strangled voice .
tr	NNS	Reyes read it quickly .
tr	NN	Before the war a mysterious refugee would have been a welcome diversion for a country police station .
tr	NN	The bizarre design of this night just kept spinning .
tr	NNS	Cold prickles rush against my arms as the older boys rip off my coat .
tr	NNS	His motives , and the planning behind the decision to go to the Congo , are a matter of record .
tr	NNS	A million millions doesn 't even come close . "
tr	NNS	Guns emerged while men shouted orders , preparing for the attack as the van rocked violently .
tr	NNS	And his fears of being discovered and caught bore no reasoned basis .
tr	NN	After six galaxy groups , the great map of the centipede hole gates had grown exponentially .
tr	NN	Zach 's schedule was open and he was delighted at this unexpected chance to spend time with her .
tr	NN	The lack of concentration bit her in the ass .
tr	NNS	Soft snores fluttered past Mille 's lips .
tr	NN	What was this maid trying to keep from me ?
tr	NNS	There were cameras stationed at each fence corner and on the corners of the buildings , too .
tr	NNS	Aurelius growled at the proprietor 's words .
tr	NNS	For a moment , the pupils were colorless , but he blinked , and they returned to their normal piercing blue once more .
tr	NNS	Things were good between us , we were getting along great , but Mase 's name was never brought up .
tr	NNS	Placing NATO headquarters here seemed almost a means of keeping an eye on them .
tr	NNS	Lydia 's classes were always interesting , not only the projects but the people who signed up .
tr	NN	" When we asked if it was the child causing this or if it was you , " Ferry said .
tr	NNS	' No promises , Simon .
tr	NNS	There were signs of a struggle , some blood .
tr	NNS	The sails fluttered in a gentle breeze above us , but neither ship moved , as though both were immobilized by the shock of the impact .
tr	NN	The watchman came past on what I assumed was one of his rounds .
tr	NNS	Immortals were immune to any and all fatal diseases and viruses .
tr	NNS	Once on its feet , its hindquarters moved away from them in an almost comical dance step , the huge paws daintily crossing over each other .
tr	NNS	Nothing monumental had happened to change that in the past several hours .
tr	NNS	Smells of fresh coffee and bread greeted Pierce and Liam as they crossed the entrance and walked into the kitchen .
tr	NNS	The mattress pinged beneath his weight .
tr	NN	" My lingerie is charcoal tonight . "
tr	NN	The TV quieted , but not before I heard Conan .
tr	NN	Though the atmosphere was still gloomy , the suns ' glares grew livid .
tr	NN	I 'm Alfred , by the way , " the barkeep said , reaching out his hand to me .
tr	NN	No messy divorces or failed relationships .
tr	NNS	" Lives are at stake because of your son 's research .
tr	NNS	Girls liked it , too , but not the right kind of girls , generally .
tr	NN	A spotlight is shone onto her vagina .
tr	NNS	Orders from the company , housekeeping messages , messages about messages - ' ' - dead men 's names - ' said Moist .
tr	NN	Except for her parents , the photograph was really the only thing in this whole house that she 'd miss if she never came back .
tr	NN	The sergeant did not look happy , but he saluted and said , " Yes , sir . "
tr	NNS	Looks exactly like you .
tr	NNS	At this point , candidates are still not aware that they are part of the MI6 selection course .
tr	NN	Her preoccupation with him had been emotionally as well as financially expensive .
tr	NNS	Things he never would have forgotten before .
tr	NNS	" Remember , the drugs are Flattery 's doing , not yours . "
tr	NN	Toxic 's fur was bristling .
tr	NNS	But such accommodating lovers are hard to come by .
tr	NN	At least the gentry didn 't judge much .
tr	NN	Joan 's counting was over two hundred .
tr	NNS	Their fathers are negotiating the marriage contract . "
tr	NNS	Browns fans can only thank God that such leagues exist .
tr	NN	Where angry red blisters had just moments ago covered the child 's hands , a smooth pink layer of scar tissue had replaced the damaged skin .
tr	NNS	" Hi ladies , " I said .
tr	NN	" Leave him alone , " the grandmother told them , patting his hand .
tr	NNS	The prince 's footsteps pounded close behind .
tr	NNS	Then there were shoe races from one end of the room to the other , which were quite hilarious .
tr	NNS	The goblins are few in number , hungry , and poorly armed .
tr	NN	The entire tribe mourned his death .
tr	NN	The teacher had tried to suggest alternate careers or other ways that a person could be involved with buildings , if that was what interested him .
tr	NNS	Regina 's attempts to gain his attention in the past weren 't exactly subtle .
tr	NN	A loud applause arose .
tr	NNS	Limestone cliffs dominated the shore that supported the ruined fort .
tr	NNS	Soldiers forced him to his knees .
tr	NNS	Like I got sick on purpose , like he thinks all the tests and treatments and doctor appointments are just a way of getting attention . "
tr	NNS	Sure , there were the legends but that was not the reason anymore .
tr	NN	The novice then smiled and left .
tr	NN	" What is the legend ? "
tr	NN	The chase had led them out of the smooth Sanctuary path and back into the mountains .
tr	NNS	Waves of violence , of evil washed over her just before everything exploded .
tr	NNS	Here are the chef 's suggestions for next week after we return from our cruise .
tr	NN	The courtroom was still .
tr	NNS	There are some areas that are designated as clean room only .
tr	NNS	" The staff members at the hospital claimed you were angry , more than most .
tr	NN	All trading had stopped .
tr	NN	As it progressed , the first twin , Tucker , went into total distress .
tr	NNS	Ginny adored her cousins , Noah and Brianna .
tr	NN	His grandmother 's house .
tr	NN	" What is the new limit on travel ? "
tr	NN	Jasmine 's birthday is tomorrow .
tr	NNS	" Your skills of persuasion were worse .
tr	NNS	Words wrenched from her by the strength of her release .
tr	NN	This all doesn ´ t make any sense .
tr	NNS	Rufus thought for a moment , scratched his chin and said rather vaguely .
tr	NN	The paint 's not too bad .
tr	NNS	Three air mages would be a more subtle and effective force . "
tr	NNS	The hues and depths were more profound , and the paper texture common with that of a later time period .
tr	NNS	Things were getting a bit too hot for me to take on any more jobs . "
tr	NNS	The sirens stopped but the strobe lights kept silently , eerily flashing .
tr	NN	On the roof next door our elderly neighbor was already stringing her wash out across a line .
tr	NN	While Jo looked alarmed and concerned , their neighbor actually looked angry .
tr	NN	The adrenaline had faded , his strength was exhausted , and he was being driven through the city by four men in black masks .
tr	NN	The kitten turned on its purring machine , moved in , and started rubbing itself against her bare calves .
tr	NNS	" After you had been sent back to California , your letters became less frequent until they finally stopped coming at all .
tr	NNS	Apparently your strongest suits , judging from the condition you left Mira in out there .
tr	NNS	His movements suddenly become exaggerated , and he hums an unrecognizable tune .
tr	NN	roared Bluebeard frantically to nobody in particular .
tr	NNS	" Our fans are everything . "
tr	NN	His chat is uncommonly amusing .
tr	NN	A sick dread began to fill her .
tr	NNS	Like a camera flash in a dark room , images popped into her mind .
tr	NN	There 's a concept you can 't even begin to fathom . "
tr	NN	His roar ... at first it was stronger , because he was so hungry , but now it 's weakening .
tr	NN	Dear old uncle probably wants to gas me to death or burn me alive . "
tr	NNS	" Darling , small villages can be trying sometimes .
tr	NNS	The calculations were correct , although the area was not as isolated as we might have hoped .
tr	NN	Her gut instinct said they had .
tr	NN	a gorgeous redhead yelled out as she wrapped her arms around him in a hug .
tr	NNS	Chess shut her eyes , then nodded .
tr	NN	" Mr Gorn 's description is crude but accurate .
tr	NNS	" Thanks for coming , ladies , " he said .
tr	NNS	And the images of those bodies ... well , he knew those would revisit him for a long time in his dreams .
tr	NNS	And not if it means even more lies are spiraling out one after the other . "
tr	NNS	There are a few cabinets with some heavy-duty locks on them .
tr	NN	The residual steam from the shower added to an overall temperature spike caused by prolonged exposure to a scene worthy of mention in a men 's magazine .
tr	NNS	The twins had been shocked , devastated and frightened .
tr	NNS	My movements are now more serene , as the water becomes a cool balm on my skin .
tr	NN	But your goal hasn 't changed .
tr	NNS	The winds start up , and for a minute I think about jumping out , just comming Elder and asking him to come get me .
tr	NN	For myself , I crave only your love , aspire only to having you for my lover , my princess , my partner in everything .
tr	NNS	Most ghosts appear to me as a person .
tr	NNS	The edges of his mouth tilt up into a strange , nearly sympathetic grin .
tr	NNS	" Oh shit , " Dagger curses .
tr	NNS	The best descriptions of it have always been more poetical than anything else .
tr	NNS	There 's film clips -- ' ' -- of two old men making preposterous claims .
tr	NNS	The hotels were , small and in poor repair .
tr	NN	There was also a conviction for sexual assault on a minor .
tr	NN	But the tour doesn 't start for a good month or so . "
tr	NNS	But there were subtle differences .
tr	NN	There was a small cough which made my eyes turn to my left .
tr	NNS	The members were the elders of Baba and made the most important decisions , but always were able to settle even the smallest of squabbles .
tr	NNS	Two elder members of the order met her in Delhi .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids became heavy .
tr	NN	A faint stir in the air caused his head to jerk around .
tr	NN	Wolfe 's contemptuous snort told me what he thought of that .
tr	NNS	Marius sped up to get away , but the truck quickly caught up and nudged them again .
tr	NNS	Their footsteps raced down the hallway .
tr	NN	The lamp on my desk was probably the only light on in the house , since I had written well into the night .
tr	NN	Just another half inch and we 'd be kissing .
tr	NNS	Things never happened like I imagined them .
tr	NNS	The bars , once carved out of the black rock itself , now glowed with white light .
tr	NNS	Emmy 's sobs rang throughout the room , as flames licked their way up to our line of vision .
tr	NN	Love was managing to survive somewhere in this world .
tr	NN	A shriek jerks me from my memories .
tr	NNS	His kisses were addictive .
tr	NN	His reasoning told him to dismiss , but his gut told him to journey .
tr	NNS	The petals brighter , its light stronger .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids fluttered sluggishly .
tr	NNS	Oil paintings decorated the walls , and there were stands holding bronze and marble sculptures in the entrance hall .
tr	NNS	The villagers like to share meals .
tr	NNS	In the binoculars the lines twisted , folding in and out , new colors emerging .
tr	NN	Below him a vast land mass was rising from an endless ocean of blue-green water .
tr	NN	" That McRae bitch should have died in the car , not my sister . "
tr	NN	" Ok , " Ed said , " Take your time . "
tr	NN	If only they 'd come sooner ... The bandits ' tall leader strode forward and lowered to one knee .
tr	NN	Any bump is gon na stand out . "
tr	NN	The novelty of reading in to a stork had worn off .
tr	NN	My eyes flutter closed , something itching behind my skull , a thought cracking through the smooth surface of my memories until it shatters open .
tr	NNS	" Event horizon distortion confirmed we are arriving in a red zone , safety limits exceeded ... prepare for immediate impact ! "
tr	NN	Her employer didn 't allow her to finish .
tr	NNS	Witches were a bit like cats .
tr	NN	Why had no-one seen this ?
tr	NN	The commander had reached his position by carefully balancing his loyalty to the military and to the palace .
tr	NNS	Her surroundings blurred , then snapped back straight .
tr	NNS	Her efforts were futile .
tr	NN	At the center of the room or area , there ´ s a downwards spiral staircase that leads to who knows what .
tr	NN	The ritual I discussed last night will increase your powers , but first I need to see what we 're working with . "
tr	NN	" Then we ' l get what we need on the road .
tr	NN	Their progress was slower now , but that didn 't make much of a difference since they weren 't attacked .
tr	NN	" How was the nap ? "
tr	NN	Like synapses are firing in all the wrong directions .
tr	NNS	Witches have become a costume , a Hollywood character and a mere insult for an ugly evil person .
tr	NN	" No other healer would 've been able to help you . "
tr	NN	The medical equipment arrived the previous week .
tr	NN	" The earth angel is your guardian angel protecting you wherever you go .
tr	NN	" My medicine , " Dad said calmly .
tr	NN	His accent made it sound like gud .
tr	NN	My status was intact , and if he figured it out , there was no stopping him from remedying the problem himself .
tr	NN	That suitcase could 've been in his garage the whole time the sheriff and his deputies were searching for her .
tr	NN	The rogue leapt forward , evading minions until he was face to face with his foe .
tr	NN	The cart bumped its way through the streets .
tr	NNS	What are your hobbies ?
tr	NNS	Because the Red Caps went , the other goblins had to go .
tr	NN	" And the War of the Scars ? "
tr	NN	Where 's that wig when you need it ? "
tr	NN	The van slowed without her foot on the gas .
tr	NN	The ape tugged and pulled at the stitching , several times sinking long teeth into the exterior .
tr	NN	No wonder Grayson was bitter .
tr	NNS	Others must wage this war for us .
tr	NNS	Others had suffered fractures in their keels or rudders , requiring a lengthy halt for repairs .
tr	NNS	Shouts of applause and praise went up from the gathered crowd upon hearing that .
tr	NNS	Original paintings adorned the walls with special lighting to bring out the colors and textures of the artwork .
tr	NNS	During this time , my ancestors tried to convince those of Earth about the dangers amongst them .
tr	NN	The landing was abrupt .
tr	NNS	The colored gems stood for the three smaller spheres .
tr	NN	The cafeteria will be opening .
tr	NNS	' And why have you got all these rats caged up in here ?
tr	NNS	" If I settle the bet , will you ladies let me get on with some work ? "
tr	NNS	Looks like you and I will be hanging out here , taking care of Mom . "
tr	NNS	An emptiness created by fear ... fear of feeling love , fear of feeling need , and fear of feeling pain .
tr	NN	There was uncertainty and confusion and a good amount of fear .
tr	NN	The envoy stood again and spoke to all assembled .
tr	NN	The leopard commenced its feast .
tr	NNS	All characters in this publication are fictitious and any resemblance to real persons , living or dead , is purely coincidental .
tr	NN	The bot rises , the cement clump in a shiny claw , light no longer coming from it .
tr	NN	Its modern development had begun only two million years ago ; in its present state , the cerebral cortex of man was only 100,000 years old .
tr	NNS	Abe 's reformed followers from the evening before had locked their arms together forming a chain which none of the townsfolk appeared to be inclined to break .
tr	NN	A rusted lever and spring contraption on the wall invited Ron to pull , and the trap door squeaked open .
tr	NNS	The other stores , a tiny grocery and drug store , a clothing shop , look unoccupied .
tr	NN	There was a policeman here this morning making enquiries I gather , but I was in a meeting and didn 't have time to talk to him .
tr	NNS	These slightly stilted , staccato sentences were the best she could do .
tr	NNS	The horizontal axis represented the time base .
tr	NN	" An obligation to watch over me isn 't the same as wanting me . "
tr	NN	Doubting Trevor 's appraisal Raphael said , ' This monster only turns out thirty watts ?
tr	NNS	Your cells will not regenerate .
tr	NNS	At the front of the store were racks full of glass and chrome things .
tr	NNS	Deal breakers in the spiritual planes end up in the Place of Chains .
tr	NNS	The sudden movements I 'd made at the cemetery had reawakened the painful bruises from the night before .
tr	NNS	" And what were your conclusions ? "
tr	NNS	The murmurs of the crowd grew silent .
tr	NNS	Alexis knew that in order to protect individual freedom , the abolishment of any ideology that was contrary to that was just and necessary .
tr	NN	Now her phobia was back , along with a multitude of horrible symptoms .
tr	NN	The wizened Elder leaned closer to Jake and spoke softly in his ear .
tr	NN	Without warning , a rope whining past them slashed at his face like a whip .
tr	NNS	" There were no bites .
tr	NN	All that mattered was surviving .
tr	NNS	Emily 's claims about Jack 's work being the first in a post-modern movement of sensual art were true .
tr	NNS	Moments later , video images from dozens of security cameras appeared in separate frames on the screen .
tr	NNS	There are only facts .
tr	NNS	The media had , until now , shown lukewarm response from their field sources over a GBH incident at one of the city 's hospitals .
tr	NNS	Chills ran over his skin and his gut drew tight as his groin hardened .
tr	NNS	The differences are subtle but easy for an expert like myself to spot . "
tr	NN	The DVD player . "
tr	NN	The lightning was sure to kill him in an instant .
tr	NN	The front desk secretary , Mrs. Dawson , stamped it and then made a copy for me to give to Mrs. Weathers .
tr	NNS	Edgar 's thumbs rhythmically touched and soothed away the trembles of her hands .
tr	NNS	The runes on the staff lit up ; blazing to life in a white glow that you could see over the light of the sun .
tr	NN	Then he careful y went through the motions of plucking apart two layers of air and slid in a hand to touch Bonnie 's cheek .
tr	NN	All generating advertising through Google and sponsored links .
tr	NN	The medic donned the headset .
tr	NNS	Others are so fat they can 't leave their beds .
tr	NN	" But why would a heavy-hitting gangster like Sanchez just bury him in a sand trap ?
tr	NN	The Russian gentleman might have a similar bowl , or know someone who had .
tr	NNS	Romulus looked up with dark eyes .
tr	NN	As we completed the loop and wound up back by the Forester , Chance gave us something else to think about .
tr	NNS	Starbucks is able to reach one of the high , small windows .
tr	NNS	Reluctantly , the two couples separated and followed her down the hall .
tr	NNS	Some sources said the whole Jewish community was annihilated at this time .
tr	NN	This open sharing of his feelings was unexpected for one who had seemed so proper .
tr	NN	The garage was so clean inside that it reminded her of a showroom .
tr	NN	This announcement was such a surprise that she dropped her combative demeanor .
tr	NNS	His hopes for reuniting with his son were fading .
tr	NNS	Rawlings had never possessed a mean bone in his body .
tr	NNS	Most houses I 've raided have a bunch of old souvenirs from years and years ago , immortals are the biggest hoarders on the planet .
tr	NNS	The platform attendants were holding the fans back , but just barely .
tr	NN	He couldn ' t meet her eyes .
tr	NN	The sheriff was right there beside me .
tr	NN	Only the slightest tremble at his mouth indicated his distress for the situation he now found himself in .
tr	NNS	That night , the four other band members came to visit and stayed for a couple of hours .
tr	NN	Her orgasm continued on and on , pulling him deeper inside her .
tr	NN	But its tail stuck straight out from its body , and it raised that long snout skyward .
tr	NN	A loving pinch and she lit up , exploding around him .
tr	NNS	There were white peaks on the lake surface as the wind freshened and storm clouds gathered in the sky .
tr	NNS	Only several stakes positioned in a semi-circle with a fire resting upon each one .
tr	NN	Well , not that Renna would admit .
tr	NNS	Sirens wailed and grew louder .
tr	NNS	Several strange creatures sat on wooden thrones , each with their own podium .
tr	NNS	Especially in hard situations like this one .
tr	NN	But surely command knew that ?
tr	NN	A moment later , the suitcase vanished .
tr	NN	There is a castle , high up in the sky .
tr	NN	" Part of me can understand why you didn 't go to my father , but you could 've come to me .
tr	NN	The winter clothing meant to keep her warm suddenly felt like a weighted anchor .
tr	NNS	Reyes will die by my hand if you do not tell me what you see !
tr	NN	The Book of Moons did .
tr	NNS	Sirens sounded in the distance , and gawkers were starting to come out .
tr	NNS	Reyes spun from her and faced Aeron , grim , expectant .
tr	NNS	Plus , the wolves were not familiar with the vamps , so it was better to wait .
tr	NNS	" My apologies , Polonius .
tr	NNS	' Only two rats left .
tr	NNS	" There are too many possibilities for us to even theorize at this point .
tr	NNS	Several frogs called in the distance , and she even caught the sound of running water .
tr	NNS	" Yes , there are solar flares to watch out for and sometimes there is space debris one has to avoid . "
tr	NN	A pretense that this isn 't torture is foremost among the things I don 't have to give . "
tr	NNS	Images of the confused look on his face when he realized that I could never be one of his kind .
tr	NNS	Children 's rhyme , various Prologue Jack Others slept the night away wasting the hours between dusk and dawn but not he .
tr	NNS	Then again , ghosts could do just about anything right ?
tr	NN	There was the faintest twinkle of light in her eyes that hadn 't been there before .
tr	NN	Startled by her sudden movement , the kitten fel from the ledge .
tr	NNS	The hills are higher here in my valley and the rest will do us good .
tr	NN	Part of her wanted to panic over that statement , since it frightened her more than the dragon himself .
tr	NN	Realizing this , the chaplain lifted his hand and ran his fingers through his thick hair .
tr	NN	Part of me will always want Joshua .
tr	NNS	His actions were that of a grieving husband .
tr	NN	Mitchell 's secretary said as she walked into the living room of his apartment .
tr	NN	Every inch of my body is blazing , adrenaline spiking as it crashes through my body .
tr	NN	The reverse telephone directory had even included his apartment number .
tr	NNS	The jaws of the dragons opened and closed as glowing light poured out of their mouths .
tr	NN	No tapping , no counting , worn out , and psychically and emotionally exhausted .
tr	NN	My integrity was one of the few things she 'd always respected about me .
tr	NN	Love glanced up at the clock on the mantelpiece .
tr	NNS	And all indications are that we are much closer to that end of the probability scale .
tr	NNS	The other staff members can go and take care of everyone . "
tr	NN	" Their science will not tell them anything .
tr	NNS	After all the meetings were super boring .
tr	NN	The grizzled sergeant , who had carried their packs , appeared from around the corner , just down the hallway .
tr	NN	Your silly guilt is blinding you to reality . "
tr	NNS	And the insects descended on us .
tr	NN	Any idiot could see they were in love , even if they were the only two idiots who couldn 't .
tr	NN	Part of me couldn 't believe something that cheesy had come out of my mouth , but it was also so beautifully true .
tr	NNS	His eyelids snapped back to find the sunlight driving the morning 's shadows into the far corners of the room .
tr	NNS	More mistresses meant more children .
tr	NNS	Three death vamps appeared , flying over a line of trees , then gliding in the direction of the river and the campsite .
tr	NN	The leopard followed behind .
tr	NNS	" My apologies " , said Penelope .
tr	NN	That reference was for Evie 's all-time favorite book boyfriend .
tr	NN	Of course as low-level privates neither idiot would know that .
tr	NN	Why is this bitch in my house ? "
tr	NN	Lightning and thunder broke through the clouds and momentarily blinded the Prince and left his ears ringing .
tr	NNS	Oddly , her directness seemed to take him off guard .
tr	NN	There was another great fanfare off to the northwest .
tr	NNS	Only the Council members had a more exotic spice to theirs .
tr	NNS	Rufus slapped him on the back again as he took up a glass to drain it in one long swallow .
tr	NNS	" How are preparations coming along for the trip ? "
tr	NNS	On the far side , the cliffs dropped into a crystal clear pool that reflected everything above it on its perfectly unruffled surface .
tr	NNS	" The Sea Dogs are like a farm team for a farm team . "
tr	NN	Part of me hesitates , like he could be dangerous , but my feet keep moving .
tr	NNS	" Legal fees , " Travis said .
tr	NN	" The reverend chose to save some .
tr	NNS	The winds shifted the fog enough to reveal a strange sight .
tr	NN	The pup clambered out of the pool and shook himself all over George , who stalked away , swearing .
tr	NN	Her bosom heaved twice before she spoke .
tr	NN	" Skyscrapers don 't come tumbling down ... , " the baron had said .
tr	NNS	My eyelids fluttered open in shock .
tr	NN	There was no subtlety in his glance at her left hand .
tr	NNS	Barnabas looked embarrassed as he shuffled his feet .
tr	NN	There was a wicked gleam in his eyes , one I couldn 't help but smile at , despite all the misgivings within me .
tr	NN	Poison looks like he actually earned his nickname .
tr	NNS	Things were better for the community as a whole , and as soon as they released their grip on the past they would get even better .
tr	NNS	Virus 's halves fell away , wires and oily goo spilling from her severed body as both she and Ash dropped out of sight .
tr	NN	The teacher now talking and the sounds stop , the spirit has departed .
tr	NNS	The telltale signs are unmistakable .
tr	NN	The momentum of the action carried the Guardsmen toward what was sure to be a vicious confrontation .
tr	NNS	Our footsteps echoed over the linoleum floor , the ER quiet as we exited out the door .
tr	NNS	There were barely any personal items .
tr	NN	Familial loyalty offers the closest facsimile , but otherwise , they lack emotions as we know them .
tr	NNS	Vague guesses and memories were swarming in her head .
tr	NNS	Even my tights are wet .
tr	NNS	Romulus had never known his parents .
tr	NN	Your gown is magnificent .
tr	NN	There was a clink of metal as the shadowy watchman lifted a dark lantern and opened its little door .
tr	NN	The dark outline of the lighthouse building loomed in front of me .
tr	NN	My vote is still with gluttony . "
tr	NNS	But the consequences of misjudging were too high .
tr	NNS	The Yard 's hay training targets stood abandoned now , a few arrows still sticking out of them .
tr	NN	" Never heard of it , " affirmed their leader .
tr	NN	That gown had burned first .
tr	NNS	Screams and shouts filled the air as people fled the destruction , searching for safety .
tr	NNS	Those traits have persisted through the generations .
tr	NN	There 's a stack of bodies a mile deep and they keep piling up -- you really think it 's worth all that ? "
tr	NN	Where 's the creativity in that ?
tr	NNS	Four swarms were there , glinting silver as they moved up and down the length of the building .
tr	NN	Plus the racket should help cover his own approach .
tr	NN	She locked the lab door and hopped up into the front seat , the map clutched in one hand .
tr	NNS	Rats don 't argue questions of a philosophical nature when they 're dead .
tr	NN	Your uncle will arrive at any moment . "
tr	NNS	Seamus told him he 'd come for him when it was all clear .
tr	NN	The applause went on .
tr	NNS	However , additional scans have proven that the planet is already inhabited .
tr	NN	The faint imprint of Settler showed behind the green light .
tr	NN	Through it floated the stench of burned coffee and a faint scent of blood , fouled with a hint of decomposition .
tr	NNS	" The cookies , " Madeline said .
tr	NN	" What 's your mother 's primary objection ? "
tr	NN	The page torn from the white pages sat on my lap .
tr	NNS	" There 's creatures ... they bite your neck and drain you of blood " " They come out at night and hunt us down ! "
tr	NNS	For goblins will gouge the eyes and torture their foes with delight , but they do not willingly release them .
tr	NN	The blinking icon on my phone sped up as I moved closer to my target .
tr	NNS	Names he had never seen and names he knew well .
tr	NNS	The goons followed behind .
tr	NN	The strange warrior said nothing , but gave Percival a wide orangutan grin like he 'd seen in movie comedies .
tr	NN	The key card Hemp held in his hand had the metallic strip intact , but a clean 9mm bullet hole ran right through the man 's photograph .
tr	NN	A large hulk of a man sat cradling a small , sleeping boy in his arms .
tr	NN	The leader stopped moving .
tr	NN	Each elf heard the words of the stranger , but none of them were content with what they were hearing . '
tr	NNS	Then the dark figures pulled open the lid of a third barrel , and waited .
tr	NNS	" There are the young ladies ! "
tr	NN	The watchman came running back , rubbing a battered trombone with his sleeve and therefore making it just a bit more grimy .
tr	NN	Love takes time , but it is so close that it may as well be .
tr	NN	The veranda looked bare without her Rainier cherry tree and Japanese Boxwood framing the French window .
tr	NNS	No moss or mold stained the markers , though many showed the effects of time .
tr	NN	Her nightgown brushed the snow , disturbing it .
tr	NNS	If a jungle cat crapped in the woods , the cameras would pick up the steam from the excrement .
tr	NN	The parade was getting ready to start when they finally found a parking spot about a half mile away .
tr	NNS	There weren 't any stores when she made these . "
tr	NN	His belly filled , a weariness settled into his hands and arms , tugged at his shoulders .
tr	NNS	From that moment on , members of the order were systematically arrested and tortured to produce confessions with no supporting evidence of any kind .
tr	NN	There was a certain odour to this place , suggesting the people here weren 't overly conscious of bathing .
tr	NN	The cart rolled behind me .
tr	NN	He had little black eyes and a sort of smiley , pasty face -- like he ate a lot of chips .
tr	NN	" The totem stays with me . "
tr	NN	" Not an illusion , mind you .
tr	NNS	" Your king is dead , " al ' Thor said .
tr	NN	But all this uncertainty has made one thing clear : I love you .
tr	NN	The bullet would find its target , and Dylan Foxx wouldn 't be a threat any longer .
tr	NNS	Now , all her hopes and expectations weighed heavily on my shoulders , and my resolve cracked .
tr	NN	A maid entered , carrying a note .
tr	NNS	The twins were on their feet , their eyes sharp on her , their faces twisted in anger .
tr	NNS	Her classes were hard , and they required a lot of concentration .
tr	NNS	The prints on the walls were impressive , but could use nicer frames ; the walls could also use a coat or five of paint .
tr	NN	Normal y she didn 't go to Mark Jameson 's parties for that very reason , but blast it , look where being good had gotten her .
tr	NN	A chorus of lighthearted groans came from the rest of the crowd , and Luke beamed appreciatively .
tr	NNS	The Day Soldiers will reward your service -- " " That 's crap . "
tr	NN	Following breakfast the ritual began again , each in turn going over the chapters and taking notes until the chore was done .
tr	NNS	Maybe you can send it to Baumgartner , any other contacts you have , see if she looks familiar ? "
tr	NNS	Aris nodded , obviously as perplexed as anyone else in the room .
tr	NN	" Your knight , " Royce clarified . "
tr	NNS	Sunday lunches are Dutch treat .
tr	NNS	His calculations were for a machine that could destroy the world .
tr	NN	Anger and bitterness swelled up inside him , nearly choking off his breath .
tr	NN	No author could make it in this industry without a great support team , so a big thank you to my team of Fear Slayers .
tr	NNS	Marius has plenty . "
tr	NN	The government just cut his funding , so he 's ripe to join us .
tr	NNS	Where fertile meadows had rolled , forests reared up , growing into dank jungles .
tr	NNS	Wild creatures in the forest howled and screeched and braved the storm to draw near to the house .
tr	NNS	Some dresses had lace , others jewels , and all the fabric appeared soft and delicate .
tr	NNS	Gramps doesn 't answer , but then I don 't need him too .
tr	NN	Her incredibly well-endowed actor 's body .
tr	NNS	My cats won 't mind a little company . "
tr	NNS	Such rites went on in the secrecy of Gwendolen 's mind , with the effect of a struggling terror .
tr	NNS	Reyes , who 'd been buried in the laptop and scowling , glanced up .
tr	NNS	Even the twins by the door began chuckling at this .
tr	NN	No wonder Persephone loved it here with him so much .
tr	NN	Her maid showed me a damaged window which she said they had discovered earlier . '
tr	NNS	Sadness swept through me .
tr	NN	This landing , thank the Ancients , wasn 't like the landing Meredith had gone into .
tr	NNS	All other provisions are inessential .
tr	NN	My pulse flutters with remembered excitement .
tr	NNS	Cars swerved around them , impatient to cross , but no one even honked .
tr	NN	The deputy followed quickly with the mother before she had a chance to scream .
tr	NNS	The original signs came off easily , because Murphy had been sure not to press the adhesive too severely .
tr	NN	" You know , his maid found him . "
tr	NN	A violet rug in the middle of the room gave a place for the visitors to stand .
tr	NN	It 's capable of repairing the neuronal damage wrought by my prion , but like I said , there is a time limit .
tr	NN	A sharp injection of pain slides across in a clean line .
tr	NN	My beef wasn 't with her .
tr	NN	The flashlight stayed level with the gate .
tr	NN	Four days later the captain was back .
tr	NN	' It will be great , darling , I promise , ' Kevin assured .
tr	NNS	There are other similar situations that he 's been involved in , but he either bribed his way out or disappeared at just the right time . "
tr	NNS	Things the cards can 't see .
tr	NN	" My ex sister-in-law , Susan Hanson , " Pam replied .
tr	NN	The surrounding patrons had begun to stare at the husband .
tr	NN	... oven 's about twenty degrees hotter than the indicator .
tr	NNS	The designs were in black ink , pretty simple , yet they stood out on his body , which was strong , thick , and muscular .
tr	NN	A weird aura formed .
tr	NN	The crown of the child 's head appeared so much more ashen than he remembered .
tr	NN	Despite its lack of forward motion , the ferry still rolled around until Claire had forgotten what it meant to be still .
tr	NNS	Gold coins and counters spilled across the tables .
tr	NN	And now my hip really hurts because I slid into a fighting crouch out of reflex .
tr	NNS	Shadowhunters who wish to have their claims tested and proved may submit themselves to " trial by the Sword . "
tr	NN	Warren paced around , hands in his pockets , serious and stiff , a wrinkle between his eyebrows .
tr	NN	He opened his eyes and instead of a sky , he saw a metal roof with cables , heard the roar of jet engines .
tr	NNS	Sadness swept across her face .
tr	NNS	" Orders , I suppose , is as good a word as any . "
tr	NNS	Lewd images of the different ways he 'd " make sure " flashed in my mind before I took a deep breath and smiled up at him .
tr	NNS	All three ice ladies quickly melted as the fire consumed them .
tr	NNS	The winds were almost soothing , lulling him to sleep .
tr	NN	" The laboratory , " was all Ben was able to say again as he tried in vain to focus on the Regent 's face .
tr	NN	Part of me expected the action to spark Armageddon , but nothing happened .
tr	NN	One day , the commander discovers his secret .
tr	NN	And no-one was likely to let a child hold one .
tr	NN	A faint glint showed that he held a gun trained on her .
tr	NN	" When you put it that way , a death sentence doesn 't look too extreme .
tr	NN	She could have stopped him from pushing her , could have shoved her pencil in his jugular before stumbling away .
tr	NN	The tinge in her chest reminded her of pushups .
tr	NNS	The colors danced , flaring then dimming .
tr	NN	" The divorce has to come through first .
tr	NN	There was only one wrinkle in this fabric .
tr	NN	The replacement keyboard appeared to be undamaged and clicked to life when Sergeant Ernie unlocked it with a few keystrokes .
tr	NNS	Great cookies , " he declared .
tr	NNS	Jack 's three hounds bound up to me , barking playfully .
tr	NN	Her uncle still hadn 't touched his meal .
tr	NNS	Things could have been worse .
tr	NN	The blue carpet had deep indentations from where the furniture had stood .
tr	NN	His immediate observation of the building noted several security hazards .
tr	NNS	Looks like none of us won this one . "
tr	NN	Was the airfield ahead of me ?
tr	NNS	The two companions sat in silence for a few minutes .
tr	NNS	Battered rows of lockers stretching the length of the hallway , most secured with dial locks .
tr	NN	The bullet had passed clear through him .
tr	NN	" Where 's the loyalty ? "
tr	NNS	Admittedly , my motives are not completely selfless in this instance , but who can blame me ?
tr	NNS	With every step the travelers began to realize that this could very well be their last walk .
tr	NNS	The witnesses came and went with two conflicting accounts on the cause of the Cessna crash presented .
tr	NNS	If you try that , those uniforms aren 't going to be white very long . "
tr	NN	Her pleasured haze receded in the face of the darkness sweeping over his features .
tr	NNS	Sadness haunted her eyes and trembled around her mouth .
tr	NNS	Its effects on the digestive tract are insidious and complex .
tr	NN	The Spring Rose indeed is one of the finest ships in Rosetta , and I 'm honored to be her captain , " said the captain .
tr	NNS	Both situations have the potential of blowing up in your face . "
tr	NN	His h * ps pumped , throwing her headfirst into another orgasm .
tr	NNS	Had the currents carried you further north you may have been pulled into the Seneca Inlet . "
tr	NN	Her hatred would be boundless , having festered for days now , just waiting for an opportunity to lash out .
tr	NN	' Spite that lightning split it in two last summer , and the wood is mostly dead and rotting .
tr	NNS	The voice booms back causing the three great pains .
tr	NN	Her therapist subconscious had no response on the matter .
tr	NNS	His movements became so forceful and impassioned that all of the excess flour rose up in a cloud and covered his face in a fine white mist .
tr	NNS	His hopes went up -- though he did not see the woman yet , the path was full of turns and bends .
tr	NNS	The villagers were still coming , but the gallop had left them behind for now .
tr	NNS	Annabelle left the room , her footsteps fading .
tr	NN	The coral only works on a wet body .
tr	NNS	Lights approached on the road below , Shifter Division finally arriving , bringing a couple patrol cars and an SUV .
tr	NN	Our first discovery was a young woman 's body by the sea with her throat torn out .
tr	NN	The sympathy in Granny Dee 's voice only made it hurt more .
tr	NNS	All the ladies exclaimed .
tr	NN	The leopard trotted along the cut of a dry wash and up a ridge on the other side of it .
tr	NN	The pilot was sticking his head into the cabin .
tr	NNS	There were degrees of crazy , after all , and crazy was better than mean .
tr	NNS	The fairies had gone , back to their own quarters and once everyone had a cup in front of them they began to drink .
tr	NNS	" The tests show the boy to be 100 percent human .
tr	NN	" Now hold tight , " the stag said and without hesitation leapt through the undergrowth and the tall grass and into the depths of the wood .
tr	NN	My uncle was a perfectionist , and his penchant for perfection had become obvious during the construction of the barbecue .
tr	NNS	Things had definitely changed between them .
tr	NN	That van had been familiar .
tr	NN	" Psychological warfare , " the brunette in orange said from her seated position atop an ice chest .
tr	NN	Not a tease , but the beginning of trust that he could pretty easily guess she rarely , if ever , gave a man .
tr	NNS	Things are hard enough as it is .
tr	NNS	Their slapping footsteps came around the first row of pews .
tr	NN	' I know , ' Love said .
tr	NN	My uncle wanted to make sure I didn 't carry through on my threat never to get married or have kids .
tr	NN	From this initiative came many " secret projects " .
tr	NNS	The figures he had spied from a distance were not men at work .
tr	NNS	The tightness went down to her clit , swelling him up further inside her .
tr	NN	The sentiment must have been obvious because she cut him off before he could comment .
tr	NN	A follower keeps on staring at Nihil , who , meanwhile , has closed his eyes .
tr	NN	" I real y don 't think that ' l be a problem . "
tr	NN	Are you goin ' ta help us ? "
tr	NN	Now she was here , there was no point dwelling on what had happened .
tr	NNS	The flight attendants served dinner .
tr	NNS	The three faculty members assigned this task had his assignment sheets and grade book to aid them .
tr	NN	Once out in the expansive corridors of the third floor , Love let out a sigh .
tr	NN	The deputy in the lead was all business .
tr	NN	" An unfortunate circumstance I am willing to overlook . "
tr	NN	The pilot hollered back to him from his chair at the plane 's controls .
tr	NNS	Great pools had formed in the overcrowded parking lot , where kids were trying to leap into cars without dousing their shoes .
tr	NN	Tis unsightly t ' be sure , me Lady , but th ' serfs 've got t ' live someplace . '
tr	NNS	" Why does utilizing her abilities accelerate Sasha 's deterioration ? "
tr	NN	The black robe swayed in the breeze atop of his tall slender frame .
tr	NN	My accent probably isn 't too good . '
tr	NN	By that point the second thug had reappeared , and he gestured for us to follow him inside .
tr	NNS	Huge massive winds suddenly erupted in my path , sending the soldiers all around me flying in the air .
tr	NNS	Those maternal instincts had kicked in the minute the stick turned blue .
tr	NN	The brat came to her with a pleased jumble of sounds , ahs and oohs that didn 't mean anything .
tr	NNS	" You won 't think Filbert and Penrose are ' harmless ' when you see them , " the duchess shot back darkly .
tr	NN	There was a click , and the knife stayed firm .
tr	NNS	The dancers have left , all but you and I , and I suppose we must go , as well .
tr	NN	The network is my eyes , ears , feet and hands .
tr	NNS	The tunnels all connect to the sewage network so you can get in and out from almost anywhere . "
tr	NN	The blackened skeleton of the gallery was still gently smoking .
tr	NN	The option was suddenly very real for them .
tr	NNS	" And idiots like me . "
tr	NN	Nestled within that hollow lies a small settlement , a low wall of stone and wood protecting the front area .
tr	NN	The dragon held her in one claw while careening low over the land .
tr	NNS	All around , wisps of fog stretched from the dark loam like ghostly fingers .
tr	NNS	Both boxers leave their corners with an unexpected speed .
tr	NN	The same thing Locke wanted from me .
tr	NN	There was some rustling , and then Emily sniffled loudly into the receiver .
tr	NNS	My headaches had worsened over the past year , but the doctors assured me that these attacks should last no longer than a half hour each time .
tr	NNS	Multicolored slate tiles in shades of blues and grays made up the fireplace insert .
tr	NNS	The city and state authorities have to sign off , before we even begin pressure testing . "
tr	NNS	Orders to pick them up .
tr	NNS	The temperatures were now in the mid seventies , and there hardly was a cloud in the sky .
tr	NN	The jukebox started to play another tune .
tr	NNS	At a distance of seven miles away from the island , the planes spread out , then climbed until it reached a sufficient altitude .
tr	NN	The commander was staring at a small computer display on his desk .
tr	NN	The birthmark is cursing and he raises his arm to strike but I 've got my knife out in front of me .
tr	NN	The soil was rich and soft , forcing him to focus on his footing .
tr	NN	" There 's a reward for their capture . "
tr	NN	Her tongue tangling , twining with his , she scooted closer .
tr	NNS	With the comforting knowledge that when I wake , my morning piss will go into a toilet .
tr	NN	The salmon would live there for about two weeks or less , and be released as soon as they were ready to move upstream and spawn .
tr	NNS	Myles felt his eyebrows jerk up .
tr	NN	This exchange of vital information went on for several minutes until a deafening screech came from amplifiers in the ceiling .
tr	NN	The polite applause lasted only a minute ; everyone was ready to hit the bar where the real stories were swapped .
tr	NNS	And with the ID cards came ten thousand dollars in bills .
tr	NNS	Two patrons rushed over and shoved napkins in her direction .
tr	NN	" Every program demand I put on the computer went through those same Ox circuits ! "
tr	NNS	Others prefer to keep them out of sight to maintain a low profile .
tr	NN	Hunter 's adrenaline was still pumping through him like crazy .
tr	NN	The detector began to pulsate , its green indicator light shifting to red , blinking at an ever-increasing rate .
tr	NNS	So the two wolves had entered the colony as well .
tr	NN	But the pulsing continued , stronger now , though nothing like what he 'd felt on the street .
tr	NNS	Diggs answered on the first ring .
tr	NN	His homecoming wasn 't anything to feel nervous about , nor any reason to be pleased .
tr	NNS	Tiny wisps of smoke filtered out through the spaces between his fingers .
tr	NN	She already knew the news would be bad , the pulse was growing weaker .
tr	NNS	There were no costumes or festivals .
tr	NN	the female medic asked as she guided him toward the street exit .
tr	NNS	" The seals are brittle enough that I could break them in my hands , but what then ?
tr	NN	Her declaration spoken in such a prim manner was just too much .
tr	NNS	" The batteries are just back-up power in case the electric were to fail .
tr	NN	The usually calm Lucien uttered a low growl .
tr	NNS	There are flu-like symptoms that get better as the time progresses . "
tr	NNS	The twins looked at each other and then away .
tr	NNS	Even lesser immortals do .
tr	NN	JJ takes my elbow in his hand and leads me toward the center of the field , whispering , " What 's wrong ? "
tr	NN	Not a single bullet touched them .
tr	NN	The warrior said , " This is where we 're headed .
tr	NN	As she clicked away , her forearm gave a twinge of sympathy .
tr	NN	" Yes sir , " the sergeant replied and handed over his night vision goggles to the captain .
tr	NNS	Wooden floors were scarce , because for so long trees and other vegetation had been gone from the planet .
tr	NNS	The wolves got back out of the water on the far side , to Loot and Fire Cub 's relief .
tr	NNS	The tongues began to wrap around the booth , encircling us .
tr	NNS	Horrible creatures were hunting her .
tr	NN	There was an interruption as a stewardess came in with coffee .
tr	NNS	Images and thoughts spun randomly , and I couldn 't see anything clearly .
tr	NNS	There were several lower levels below deck .
tr	NN	" Love has blossomed under your very eyes and you 've missed it .
tr	NN	My Nicolas always tells me so . "
tr	NNS	Moses spotted her too and meowed longingly at the window .
tr	NNS	Reyes described the Hunters he had seen at the club , then described the women .
tr	NN	" The urges are too strong to resist forever .
tr	NNS	Bake sales , car washes , school plays ; they were no shows .
tr	NNS	The goblins were moving fast towards them .
tr	NNS	Now the images flashed in Jon 's mind in a stream of memory .
tr	NNS	Two shots rang out from Dave 's magnum and echoed like claps of thunder .
tr	NN	The momentum of his right foot almost pulled his body off the ground .
tr	NN	Someone 's got ta do something .
tr	NN	The petrol pipe must have fractured because the smell of petrol was strong .
tr	NNS	Shadowhunters don 't say good-bye , not before a battle .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flare to catch the sea wind that lifts my hair from my forehead .
tr	NNS	Wedding vows meant next to nothing to most people these days .
tr	NNS	" If we want you to disappear , " he continued , " there are thousands of miles of deserted land where we can bury you . "
tr	NNS	" Their deaths will be on your hands , Raul .
tr	NN	Ghost growled with irritation and jumped off her perch .
tr	NN	Iain 's entire posture screamed how pissed he was , but he handed over the folder .
tr	NNS	My eyelids popped open in time to see the headlights from the big rig a moment before it plowed into our car head-on .
tr	NN	She 'd sort of idealized Johnny , because he did sometimes do her a kind deed .
tr	NNS	Dragons had amazing hearing , her trainers said , so she used all her skills to make sure he wouldn 't hear her .
tr	NNS	" Things have a way of happening . "
tr	NNS	" The rats have to go . "
tr	NN	The chanting appeared to be another of their people 's rituals .
tr	NNS	With yells of delight the goblins rushed upon him .
tr	NN	The Reacher Gilt persona probably tipped like a drunken sailor .
tr	NN	His uncertainty made me realize that Jackson was feeling just as vulnerable as I was .
tr	NN	Still , the photograph in her purse kept breathing .
tr	NNS	" Analyzing crime scenes is what I do , Gwen . "
tr	NNS	Did her siblings have built in radar ?
tr	NN	Her mane and tail flailed like a living nest of wires , entangling him before he could bound away .
tr	NN	" Lord no Paddy , pint of bitter will do just fine .
tr	NN	The biography provided by his lawyer said that they were brown , though the biography mentioned nothing of color blindness .
tr	NN	" There was a wraith at school .
tr	NNS	Diggs went to stand beside Einstein as I continued my exam .
tr	NN	One entry actually lists the date of the surgery and the hospital in which it was performed .
tr	NNS	There were always chance meetings with other sisters in the hallways .
tr	NNS	Six werewolves from the San Antonio Pack , Amos Thompson in his white buffalo form and several other shifters patrolled the neighborhood as houses continued to burn .
tr	NN	Love wasn 't free at all .
tr	NNS	There are unusual paintings and drawings etched throughout the walls .
tr	NN	There is an art to typing furiously without looking as though you are typing furiously .
tr	NNS	Demetrius handed the knife back to her hilt first .
tr	NNS	The drones were hunting her from the sky .
tr	NN	A dark bruise had formed over the creased skin , as though someone had punched her in the stomach .
tr	NNS	Lives that would be far better than anything she had experienced .
tr	NNS	Compared to packages and mail , passengers aren 't a paying proposition .
tr	NNS	No strings booty call .
tr	NNS	The colors deepen , it burns more intensely , the purple increases .
tr	NNS	There weren 't six individual strands of hair ; in actuality , there were only two .
tr	NN	" There 's no pretending about it .
tr	NNS	Several rats were flipping through books , while another rat , much older and slower , kept his eyes fixed on the top right of a page .
tr	NNS	The differences between Jake and his mother were like night and day .
tr	NN	There 's a soft click , a short beep , and he turns the handle .
tr	NNS	Their soulful depths pulled her in .
tr	NNS	Images pour into my mind of what she 'd look like with her shirt off , then her jeans .
tr	NN	The tip had blood encrusted on it from the last use .
tr	NNS	Looks like somebody musta ' been inside .
tr	NNS	" There are other roads in and out of the crater that I do not know of .
tr	NNS	Summoned by the creature , images of Kali poured into his mind .
tr	NNS	The rats would eat her flesh , and no one would care ... She pressed her fingertips to her lips .
tr	NN	The illumination spilled on Drake 's features .
tr	NNS	Her contacts were still in .
tr	NN	the leader snapped as the door opened .
tr	NNS	New stores were opening every day all across the United States and Canada .
tr	NNS	Cars revved and roared out of the parking lot , the sound of spitting gravel echoing .
tr	NNS	The wolves have a law : Whoever kills the clan leader takes his place .
tr	NNS	As you might expect , dear readers , the emperor did finally get his hyperspace travel and colonized other worlds .
tr	NN	The sheriff turned Bobo 's favorite chair to face the counter and settled himself in it .
tr	NN	My map showed that there was nothing much ahead , so I better eat while I could .
tr	NNS	What were the chances he 'd understand her choices or forgive the results if somehow the scandal blew up in her face ?
tr	NN	The siren on the platform sounded and the train doors closed silently .
tr	NN	The cliché here is to do so in a hot bath .
tr	NNS	" After spear practice all the mothers ask their sons , ' How many targets did you hit today ? '
tr	NNS	There weren 't any signs of children anywhere , but Terra knew it was because they 'd gotten quite good at the game of hide-and-seek .
tr	NN	" Come on , now , " said the ape .
tr	NN	" Directory assistance , " the voice on the phone said .
tr	NNS	Lots of it , emblazoned in gold bricks marked with the seal of his own private mint .
tr	NNS	Words , at least the kind that were spoken on land , had no meaning there .
tr	NN	" How 's the studying coming along ? "
tr	NNS	The edges of his sardonic smile curled up in a sneer .
tr	NNS	" Only family members can accompany patients . "
tr	NN	The guilt and the anger were a part of him no matter what he did .
tr	NNS	Bright silver cabinets and countertops made her wince ; they were too bright beneath the glare of an overhead light .
tr	NN	His passion about the sea , about history , about art , about so many things , was contagious .
tr	NN	The planet 's ice shield was so close now that he could almost detect variations in its surface .
tr	NNS	The winds there were cold in the winters , but they were always fresh .
tr	NNS	Agents who believed in coincidences died .
tr	NN	There was a kingpin dwelling in the nearby woods that needed to be dealt with .
tr	NN	Her giggle turned to a sigh as he slowly unbuckled the shoe and slipped it off .
tr	NNS	The zombies think they 're dead , and so does everyone else .
tr	NN	There was no writing , no symbols .
tr	NNS	The other team members stared at the ground as she walked past .
tr	NNS	Of course , their efforts didn 't work ; I have made it my personal goal to never let those prejudiced bastards win .
tr	NNS	It squirmed and struggled , coils with shadowy edges blurred and double .
tr	NNS	The lands of Mercia were lush and fertile , less ravaged than the southern lands , and very , very nearby .
tr	NN	Their goal was to own the city , to rule it via terror and force and control its ample resources .
tr	NN	There was an agitated stir among the servants that they passed as they penetrated farther into the house .
tr	NNS	Your cells are showing a mutation . "
tr	NNS	Aris answered and demolished that belief .
tr	NNS	The roads in Malaysia were challenging and often chaotic .
tr	NNS	Their scales shined with a tint of purple that the suns gave them .
tr	NN	A snake struck at a mouse , detecting the heat as the small creature scampered too close to the silent predator .
tr	NNS	Folks either don 't notice me or they think I 'm someone they already know . "
tr	NNS	Creative artists will always find a way to express themselves , no matter what the location .
tr	NNS	Plans at the ranch need to be adjusted .
tr	NN	So the arrival of new soldiers hadn 't come a moment too late .
tr	NN	" The tape 's black-and-white .
tr	NN	The pitiful remnant of ancient oil wasn 't enough to combat the driving snow .
tr	NNS	The few banks that were fully functioning and profitable had become all powerful mega companies absorbing their smaller competition by acquisition .
tr	NNS	Things worsened when they said good night to Emily a few hours before .
tr	NN	More likely the second scenario , " Tad said .
tr	NNS	All creatures must sleep ; must dream .
tr	NNS	Looks to me like these critters played Frogger and lost . "
tr	NN	The unease she 'd been trying to hold down for the past week bubbled up to the surface , turning her stomach .
tr	NNS	" Things are going well right now .
tr	NNS	The passengers insisted that he and his friends exit first .
tr	NN	A mechanism allowed for the rotation , orientation , withdrawal , or extension of the countless components .
tr	NNS	" Amazingly , every day millions of women go out with men who have no ulterior motive whatsoever .
tr	NNS	The work areas are farther back , hidden from view , and it is in one of those quiet corners that I now sit .
tr	NNS	Dauntless traitors crowded the hallway ; the Erudite crowd the execution room , but there , they have made a path for me already .
tr	NNS	Their trials are real life and their fears and anxieties something every reader can relate to .
tr	NN	The bullet hit Anderson in the throat that proved to be just enough action to knock his aim away .
tr	NNS	Two warriors unfamiliar to her shot from the sky and swooped into the park .
tr	NNS	His smile hides worry lines .
tr	NN	A twig snapped from inside the woods .
tr	NN	A pulse popped in his temple .
tr	NNS	Others were just familiar faces .
tr	NN	Wednesday The Turkish government has fired the head of the army .
tr	NNS	Over her head , Lukas 's blades sang , whipping back and forth faster than her eye could track .
tr	NN	No incoming caller ID had appeared on the display , just random numbers and letters .
tr	NN	Just then , a tumultuous roar swelled from the woods in back of us .
tr	NNS	Now that she 'd regained her freedom , worries and uncertainties churned through her mind .
tr	NN	But now the dragon was threatening George 's crane .
tr	NN	Her great grandmother smiles and nods , sitting next to her granddaughter .
tr	NNS	" Great minds think alike .
tr	NNS	The markings on the interior looked as though someone had chipped away at it to make it bigger .
tr	NNS	The jaws open , the face turns toward my calf -- but my second swing cleaves sideways into its skull , and then I 'm chopping furiously .
tr	NNS	Myles didn 't appear to hear this .
tr	NN	The butterfly continued its curious investigation , coming closer and closer to the waiting queen .
tr	NNS	Marius doubted that such a " coven " had ever come together before .
tr	NN	The white kitten appeared out of nowhere and launched itself onto Mark 's lap , purring like a Harley Davidson .
tr	NNS	Well , besides merciless brutality to all competitors ?
tr	NNS	The council members were not speaking to one another , but were making their ways out of front doors to the room .
tr	NN	Marlborough College 's most famous graduate these days was the former Kate Middleton , Duchess of Cambridge , who would mostly likely be queen one day .
tr	NN	The endearment rolled off his tongue .
tr	NN	A whistle let me know Jones was calling .
tr	NNS	The peaks appeared yellow and orange in the evening sun of this wonderful Sunday of Annunciation .
tr	NNS	His fears and nagging worries kept trying to talk him back into it , though .
tr	NNS	" Others might suggest we 're all a bit bonkers . "
tr	NN	The government , which had been pushed to the wall by the escalating energy crisis , did indeed come in with both feet .
tr	NNS	Black spots darkened my vision .
tr	NN	A rustling in the distance alerted her to assistance and she scrambled forward with a new found dexterity .
tr	NN	Or a moth battering against the window , wanting so badly to come inside and become one with his light .
tr	NN	Love was already halfway out the car .
tr	NNS	The other Officials then reeled off their own plans for the coming winter .
tr	NN	My only consolation was the firm grasp on my leg , which came from Charity , who sat next to me .
tr	NNS	There were no rats among the dead .
tr	NNS	" Beware , young ones , your citadel is made of glass , your leaders are as blind as you are ! "
tr	NN	In the end his lack of subordination placed him in hot water with the ones who could raise the flames .
tr	NNS	Families are a touchy subject when they 've been murdered .
tr	NNS	In fact there were numerous differences in the approaches taken by Shadow and Agent 2C .
tr	NNS	His buddies didn 't seem to object to his tunes , so he kept picking away , scales shifting to Bach on the guitar .
tr	NN	" Tomorrow we ' l work on the jump some more .
tr	NNS	The markings were simple in form , like the inscriptions on ancient rune stones from northern lands .
tr	NNS	The winds presently were blowing at 5 to 10 miles per hour from SSW .
tr	NNS	The wood floors creaked beneath my boots and I squinted in the darkness as Tony led us through a hallway and into the living room .
tr	NN	The duke was a tall , balding man of middling years well known for his ill humor .
tr	NNS	My paintings were in there . "
tr	NNS	The colors were lighter and there were no weapons or barbaric shields over the fireplace .
tr	NNS	The closing credits rolled , and Julia leaned closer to whisper in his ear , her soft hair brushing his neck .
tr	NN	A crash rang out .
tr	NNS	27 Marius stood before a section of plain concrete wall .
tr	NN	My hatred for him chokes me .
tr	NN	The morning sun shone in the storefront window as Charlotte ran through her to-do list .
tr	NNS	Things have changed in the past two years , Jericho .
tr	NN	Unfortunately , the reunion only lasted a short time but that 's what adventure is all about .
tr	NNS	Old insecurities marched over her .
tr	NN	The mayor really tried to kill you . "
tr	NN	' And a duke is ... ? '
tr	NNS	" And those infected freaks are no angels . "
tr	NNS	The other actors are starting tomorrow . "
tr	NNS	Looks like I have some work to do with you guys . "
tr	NNS	Still in our infancy compared to our creators , my siblings and I now ruled over the world and all her inhabitants .
tr	NNS	Others have come . "
tr	NNS	Soldiers dropped their weapons and fled .
tr	NNS	Walter 's motives when we took her in were noble enough , but he hadn 't figured on the effect she 'd have . '
tr	NN	Behind him stood his Grandfather , father and several other men of the village .
tr	NN	A few intricately carved stone benches stood like cubes along the walkway , though some had crumbled into misshapen mounds of rock .
tr	NNS	The bedding was in a pile , the pillows tossed toward the bathroom .
tr	NNS	The individual crew members aboard the black ships were now visible as the distance between the cat and mouse ever so slowly decreased .
tr	NN	" The infection is worse . "
tr	NN	There was a slight hesitation .
tr	NN	A large cricket leaped up , startling her .
tr	NN	The ever-present parade of guards just made her more nervous .
tr	NN	The young werewolf seemed to be feeling a more intense emotion over Professor Lyall 's abandonment than she might have predicted .
tr	NNS	Like I said , the tickets are cheap now , but I can bet they are going to get more expensive .
tr	NNS	The crime stakes upped a notch with the infiltration of terrorist factions into South America demanding a piece of Aragon 's drug money . "
tr	NNS	Runes flashed before his eyes .
tr	NNS	Things are bad enough already .
tr	NN	The auditorium was very quiet .
tr	NNS	' Things might be looking up for us . '
tr	NNS	The blasts echoed loudly in the large , enclosed space .
tr	NNS	Earth users made the ground unstable and also called upon rocks and dirt as weapons .
tr	NNS	Cressida and her crew tape Johanna and me on the firing range .
tr	NNS	Sadness swept over her ... It wasn 't a thing and she felt bad at calling it that .
tr	NN	A tall brunette with a slight pug nose embraces me .
tr	NN	The stroller could not .
tr	NNS	The rain forests were a source of a great number of new drugs , from a cure for malaria to some powerful anticancer medications .
tr	NNS	The footsteps behind them grow louder .
tr	NN	We did our best avoiding the big ones , " the Air Force pilot offered .
tr	NNS	Lights flashed , flickers of the softest grays , blacks , and whites .
tr	NN	The lord that my sire claimed to serve was in reality a puppet for his estate .
tr	NNS	he asks , seeming genuinely touched .
tr	NNS	Slowly , the sobs subsided .
tr	NN	" In a strip club ? "
tr	NNS	There were rows of them arranged around the waiting room .
tr	NNS	Slowly , with much mutual aid and many false starts , two blackened figures emerged .
tr	NN	My attorney convinced me it was best to take the plea . "
tr	NN	There was much honor in him .
tr	NN	A gentle tap on his shoulder which didn 't register for a few more steps : words , it said , carved .
tr	NN	The only brain pattern she 'd been able to see had been that of the ghost of her real dad .
tr	NNS	His targets were now just below him .
tr	NN	The black van started up , growling like distant thunder .
tr	NNS	Reyes once more picked up the slack on Angelica 's leash and drew her close to his side .
tr	NNS	The demon bursts and hot embers are now raining down on us all .
tr	NN	The next witness was a boy of no more than ten .
tr	NNS	The importance of the discovery entirely aside , the production values were brilliant .
tr	NNS	Reyes bared his teeth , resembling a feral animal as he leaned the rest of the way in to her .
tr	NN	' Reality is what you get when you aren 't looking ' . "
tr	NNS	The tunnels seemed to go on for miles , but she doubted that they actually did .
tr	NN	Where is the celebration later ? "
tr	NN	There was an indescribable itch in the depths of his chest , but he could not put a finger on what it meant .
tr	NNS	And there 's nothing Reyes can do about it . "
tr	NN	This phase transition is akin to water becoming steam , or ice melting into water .
tr	NNS	The images you will see are from roughly the time you left .
tr	NNS	Two nurses brushed past me , pushing an operating table with a dead soldier lying on it .
tr	NN	The hot liquid burned his throat , the flames eating away at his chest .
tr	NNS	Stylized figures of men on horseback raced across the hide , many bearing shields .
tr	NNS	" Things won 't ever be normal , Katy .
tr	NN	His annoyance faded as the memories of Shay rolled through his mind .
tr	NNS	Soldiers came running through the door outside .
tr	NN	An American sex icon takes a few minutes of her time to talk to him and he spoils it .
tr	NN	His arrival in the middle of the night with Alanna and the kid wizard being away was a bad sign .
tr	NN	My uncle is easier , but he doesn 't seem to know a lot .
tr	NN	The intruder tried to move sideways , as to attack Rita and Paul moved to block .
tr	NNS	The fights with the sentries woke us from our slumber .
tr	NN	Its venomous tail arched high , ready to strike .
tr	NNS	The promises he 'd made echoed in her head , now with a hollow ring .
tr	NN	The orgasm poured through him .
tr	NN	" That student murdered because the government tried yet again to throw him back into the poverty of his birth .
tr	NNS	Large gusts of winds in every direction kept me further away from the castle gate , drawing me closer to the lions ' jaws .
tr	NN	The world 's energy crisis would peak in another twenty-five to thirty years .
tr	NNS	Her stress levels were back , and I could hear her words speed up and her voice rise nearly an octave .
tr	NN	All rustle of life ceased around him .
tr	NNS	Others have awakened ; they gather to see .
tr	NN	Without a fresh breed of men to hunt such creatures , their special brotherhood would cease to exist .
tr	NNS	" Refrigerated leftovers are not quite the romantic metaphor I was searching for . "
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared , and tension radiated off of him in decadent waves .
tr	NN	My pulse ratcheted up .
tr	NNS	The other werewolves were all backing away .
tr	NNS	" That 's the maze talking , " replied Romulus when Viktor voiced his thoughts .
tr	NN	" What 's your status with Yvan , huh ? "
tr	NN	With the increased distance between them again , the sunshine he 'd felt bathed in a moment ago disappeared .
tr	NN	This correspondence was all business-like but William remembered his own time as a student , at Oxford , and Edward admired him as a man of learning .
tr	NN	When I started Revolution Wrestling , there was no demand for a second national promotion .
tr	NN	The policeman stepped over me very carefully and squatted with even more care by the body .
tr	NNS	The depths of his eyes turned into shadows ; his pupils turned grey and more whites had appeared on the shades of his eyeball .
tr	NN	The stone miniature clattered against the floor .
tr	NN	Even the captain is not his usual confident self .
tr	NNS	Things I couldn 't really even wrap my head around as we peeled out of the driveway .
tr	NNS	On the hillside around them , insects chirped .
tr	NNS	Near my mother , there were servants and guards protecting her .
tr	NNS	Muffy 's barks echoed from the bathroom , and Jennifer could hear the infernal ringing of the bathtub .
tr	NNS	" But , oh , Tom , your wrists - " They were torn , bleeding .
tr	NNS	The twin levers are apart indicating the twin claws are outstretched in the pose of catching one rock .
tr	NNS	Her cakes after rationing never really came out right .
tr	NNS	Summers were their busy season , with plenty of tourist activity and consequently lots of drop-in traffic .
tr	NN	The cart slid forward and dropped into the gorge .
tr	NN	Finally , the Master turned to the Noble , and gave his own terms in his shaky voice .
tr	NN	His belly knotted at the intensity of his love for her .
tr	NNS	Blue strands fell into my eyes .
tr	NN	The dragon recoiled , but didn 't really slow or veer off .
tr	NNS	" Who knows what those freaks are capable of , but it 's worth a shot . "
tr	NN	" Early arrival bonus ?
tr	NN	The gas tank punctured , fuel poured onto the ground , and more bullets lodged in the engine .
tr	NN	Their intent is not good , that much I know .
tr	NN	The highway to the past seemed to stretch back into infinity and above it in certain places a menacing fiery glow could be made out .
tr	NNS	The banks had brought in measures which complicated things for people still dealing in large sums of money .
tr	NNS	" Whatever evil schemes you two have in mind ?
tr	NN	" Not as vicious as you are , darling , " I whispered .
tr	NN	After all , her reputation and her image fed the girl next door persona .
tr	NNS	Tall skyscrapers , apartment buildings , and offices loomed large on the left .
tr	NNS	My back presses against the wall as my hands cradle my cheek .
tr	NN	Some inner defense mechanism prepared her for the worst .
tr	NN	With the connection broken , Kincaid 's shield shot up .
tr	NN	The chaplain tucked his day planner under his arm .
tr	NNS	And if there were other targets who might be next .
tr	NNS	Her pupils widened , darkening her eyes to midnight blue .
tr	NNS	His actions were so mixed .
tr	NNS	The hobbits crawled away back into the gully ; but they did not find much shelter there .
tr	NN	His Fire heated up her steadfast Earth power , got it burning , boiling , filled it with exhilarating life .
tr	NN	" No , my daddy did .
tr	NN	Inside was the tape recorder , connected to a thin wire which ran across the room to the button microphone under the shag rug .
tr	NNS	On the day my father died , the sirens went off during my school lunch .
tr	NN	' Yes , Miss. ' His accent was African .
tr	NN	Then there was a rustling of leaves .
tr	NN	" Ok , we 're going to take off then , catch you later .
tr	NN	The Death of Rats nodded .
tr	NN	Eventually a shrink took me into a courtyard garden .
tr	NNS	Competing levels of horror and fury battled inside me .
tr	NN	" Hello , kids , " the captain said , shaking Nora and Stephanie before shaking Matthew .
tr	NN	There 's no discipline , and no respect for seniority any more .
tr	NNS	" Her cakes are awesome and then some ! "
tr	NN	So your arrival is not without suspicion . "
tr	NNS	Folks who could handle the disputes , take care of things before they could affect the rest of the city .
tr	NN	Her own illness made her anxious , which in turn made her feel worse .
tr	NNS	Names , characters , businesses , places , events and incidents are either the products of the author 's imagination or used in a fictitious manner .
tr	NNS	Obviously , visitors like that didn 't show up every day .
tr	NN	There 's beef soup and a loaf of fresh bread . "
tr	NNS	Her golden locks haven 't suffered from her incarceration nor has the blueness of her eyes .
tr	NN	" No , " The Author admitted , " But you two are going to kill each other before you can explain that lack of logic ! "
tr	NN	Storm gives me a playful shove and then goes back to serve the next guy , while a sudden flurry of nervous activity erupts inside me .
tr	NN	Then the odour of roast meat wafted out to her , and she stepped inside .
tr	NNS	Nerves creep along the back of my neck .
tr	NN	" Oh , er , sorry , l ... I mean sweetheart .
tr	NNS	Other scenes played out a fight , with Fin 's image scattered all over the piece of history .
tr	NN	This gourmet unit even has real wine in stock ; forget the nasty synthetic stuff .
tr	NNS	Hands brushed his face .
tr	NN	Jazz pointed at the doorknob .
tr	NNS	Bugs had been hoping for that very offer from the get-go .
tr	NNS	His pupils seemed to swallow the gold of his eyes .
tr	NN	One 's identical twin had found fresh blood ; it was pulling me to the right .
tr	NN	There was a trickle of blood on his lip , which must have cracked from the unexpected punch .
tr	NNS	" The reason sports come easy to you is that it is in your blood to be athletic .
tr	NN	" You and me both , kiddo , " I said , motioning at the ball when he stayed frozen .
tr	NN	The leech kicked me and I jumped , instinctively touching my belly .
tr	NN	He said , quietly , " I cannot permit this , partner Elijah .
tr	NNS	Persephone 's cards were slightly larger than Maura 's and Calla 's , and the art on them was curious .
tr	NNS	There are millions of acres of new land .
tr	NNS	Usually these meetings were fairly short .
tr	NNS	Folks lived as far away from trouble as possible .
tr	NNS	The stony blades atop the wall cut into his arm in a dozen places .
tr	NNS	Credit cards , debit cards , " Hale told her , then looked at her anew .
tr	NNS	Inside the room were two cots set against the stone walls .
tr	NN	Eventual y , the meeting ended , and the pledges started to trickle out of the room .
tr	NNS	There weren 't many patrons there this early in the morning , and Otto wisely just sank down behind the bar .
tr	NNS	There are magic users who study their entire lives and are not able to do that spell .
tr	NNS	And even then her chances were slim .
tr	NNS	* * * Nicole 's years of successful negotiations had trained her well .
tr	NNS	If he didn 't hurry , chances were David and Noelle would be added to that list , and he couldn 't let that happen .
tr	NNS	The spikes still dug painfully into her neck , but she didn 't care .
tr	NN	The venue wasn 't the biggest in Nashville .
tr	NN	The only adrenaline rushes and fear stricken inside my body were the simulation games at the arcades and friends ' houses that Angel dragged me to .
tr	NN	But when he closed his mouth around it , the texture seemed wrong -- slimy .
tr	NNS	My species is older than the human race .
tr	NNS	" Small objects are great for when you want to be discreet . "
tr	NNS	Their wolves were as close as they could get .
tr	NNS	The colors of capitalism were at full bloom at the store .
tr	NN	The darts were sticking in the thick scales and had done minimal damage at best .
tr	NN	The snake screamed , in pain this time , and recoiled .
tr	NNS	The nurses slowly called the patients back to see a doctor .
tr	NN	The elf saw them approaching .
tr	NN	There was the usual queue at the security barriers ; people were filling in forms , being x-rayed and body searched .
tr	NN	" Do your work , boy , " the teacher said .
tr	NNS	There were about four staff members in white uniforms that were hurrying about , pulling in ropes and neatly tying them up before they were tucked away .
tr	NN	His wisdom is beyond your reach .
tr	NN	Human perception and logic can only go so far .
tr	NNS	Things often go wrong more than once in a person 's life .
tr	NNS	Reyes palmed his gun and a knife .
tr	NN	" Love in the real world doesn 't usually work out the way stories make us think it should .
tr	NN	Love replaced all the items in their container before moving on to the next box .
tr	NN	At least the grandma looked happy for her .
tr	NNS	Several members toasted Mario as they sipped the free drinks .
tr	NNS	Aris turned his eyes to her .
tr	NNS	The streetlights outside made a faint shadow of its legs , its curved body , the fine , insubstantial point of the stinger .
tr	NNS	Soldiers streamed through the hole .
tr	NNS	Werewolves aren 't like that - we 're alive .
tr	NN	My sympathy goes out to all of the families who have been affected by the tragedy .
tr	NNS	Reyes would not fail in his mission .
tr	NN	The hawk climbed higher by the second , his wings working furiously .
tr	NN	Over the other couch was a poster that said , " Knowledge is no longer a luxury .
tr	NN	Light and billowy , the robe stayed surprisingly cool considering how much of her body it covered .
tr	NN	" I saw them all going up to the palace , " said the gardener .
tr	NNS	Their movements were exquisitely tender .
tr	NNS	" I mean , my teachers were always supportive but I got conflicting messages growing up .
tr	NN	" How was your training session ? "
tr	NN	Instead the tip of his tongue gently lapped at her lips .
tr	NNS	Yet in the blackness , something darker yet rose from the water , something that dwarfed the enormous ship .
tr	NNS	His worries had only just begun .
tr	NNS	Their classmates clapped and joined their victorious laughter .
tr	NNS	Sirens blared , sounding closer by the second .
tr	NNS	Those teachers always found themselves doing completely inappropriate things in front of , or to , students .
tr	NN	A growl reached his ears , a warning .
tr	NNS	There were jewels in the back that attached the straps and hung down my back .
tr	NNS	Looks like they set up camp because they were expecting us to come back . "
tr	NNS	Others , however , obviously held energy .
tr	NN	Because I can trust you ... " The van announced the arrival of Hunter at the outer door .
tr	NN	A trio began to play at the end of the bar , and several people got up to dance to Winter Wonderland .
tr	NNS	The ladies gathered around the dessert table and began serving us .
tr	NN	The stench of stale cigarette smoke hung in the air and he tried not to breathe in the hallway .
tr	NNS	The stakes were so much higher now , more than ever for the baby inside her and for their child she prayed was still alive .
tr	NNS	Old ladies bellowed with a roar like jet engines .
tr	NNS	Their drinks came and they both downed half the glass in one gulp .
tr	NN	The War of the Worlds devolved into a million dates and ballgames , impromptu picnics , and parties .
tr	NNS	There are certain protocols at these events that we have to follow . "
tr	NN	Neptune 's Car is an amazing local band featuring the talented musicianship of Holly Hanson and Steve Hayes .
tr	NNS	But their motives were not so transparent .
tr	NNS	Lights went on in the house above the yard .
tr	NN	A fresh stab of awareness sliced through me , and I desperately wanted something to drink .
tr	NNS	Looks like you were wrong .
tr	NN	Big white whale is a metaphor for everything .
tr	NNS	Large soaring winds blossomed in every direction , awakened by the force of the sphere .
tr	NN	The winding staircase behind wound up and up and after many steps they arrived at a second taller and more slender door .
tr	NN	' My landlord , he must feel even worse than me .
tr	NN	The Scots accent smoothed out , though a trace of it lingered .
tr	NN	Just as Della had pointed out this morning , ghost whispering pretty much made her a freak .
tr	NN	A female mannequin with a giant bust and equally massive assault rifle blocked the stairwell .
tr	NNS	Animals require an environment of warmth to flourish .
tr	NNS	Lights of a vehicle ahead suddenly switched on .
tr	NNS	His actions were the same .
tr	NN	After all , honour is more important than craftiness - even more important than victory - at the end of the day .
tr	NN	" There 's a fishing village about a mile south of here , your Highness , " the captain advised Silk .
tr	NN	" Not every hunter does . "
tr	NNS	Their fathers were all brothers so they shared the same last name .
tr	NN	The inspector nodded , and left the compartment .
tr	NN	Bride 's first instinct was to return the insult , but in truth she felt sorry for Taylor 's trophy date .
tr	NNS	The first preparations for a feast seemed to be already under way .
tr	NN	" Your grandmother and I have made a short list of things to be aware of when you choose a future husband . "
tr	NNS	Several low growls of approval vibrated through the room .
tr	NN	The squad was not taking the news well .
tr	NN	Connor 's adrenaline started to spike as he thought about what Billy might be up to .
tr	NNS	Even more agonizing were the constant reminders that his father was gone and only a flesh puppet remained .
tr	NNS	Waves of blue hummed and pulsed along with the beat of their hearts .
tr	NNS	" The fireworks have begun so we 're a little pressed for time .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of Danny took over .
tr	NN	Well , until survival instinct kicked in and Tucker probably reacted without thought , bucking the shifter off him .
tr	NN	Had the deputy gone for help and been killed ?
tr	NNS	Soldiers dressed in white armor rushed through the opening , picking off their opponents with precision .
tr	NNS	His thrusts deepened , quickened and then his groan of completion filled her ears as he shuddered above her .
tr	NN	The crown represents someone who has unchecked power over other people .
tr	NNS	Big lies , little lies , white lies , stupid lies .
tr	NNS	The drinks arrived but Barbara didn 't show .
tr	NN	The momentum built until he flew .
tr	NNS	Words were still impossible , so I just nodded my head when I wanted to be shaking it .
tr	NN	Maybe just an organic jelly with some fragments of bones . "
tr	NN	Yes , the bay would be perfect .
tr	NN	The throbbing in her head told her unpleasant pain was rearing its ugly head .
tr	NNS	When the blinding flash receded , the cursed runes had vanished .
tr	NNS	" The wells sustain our way of life in so many ways , " the teacher continued , " but they are also our limitation .
tr	NN	Its fur was black with streaks of gray .
tr	NN	Soon , a chorus of unearthly voices filled the air as the elves sang the sun to set .
tr	NN	A muffled snort from Sean interrupted my concentration .
tr	NNS	Romulus grabbed a separate piece of parchment paper and kicked back in his chair .
tr	NN	The herald mounted his platform once again .
tr	NNS	Reyes was nothing but kind , however , as he stroked her back and apologized repeatedly for being so thoughtless .
tr	NNS	Dogs , faerie hounds , met us with barks , bays , yips , and noises that sounded like they were trying to talk .
tr	NNS	His movements were slow and steady as he slid onto the stair beneath her .
tr	NN	Yet when Mae arrives at the Red Resort , luxury gives way to murder .
tr	NN	With every move he made , more vulgar and creative expletives filled his mind along with the pain .
tr	NNS	Lots of folks past her by and didn 't even think a thing ; just a car sittin ' on the side of the road ya know .
tr	NNS	The stark modern floors and walls mixed with rustic tables and furnishings that had an authentic Wyoming feel to them just had his stamp all over it .
tr	NNS	The travelers stopped here only to purchase some food and get further direction .
tr	NN	" The stupid bastard they bit shouldn 't have trespassed on the property ! "
tr	NN	A huge sacrifice but it was the best course of action .
tr	NNS	" All vamps have fangs and claws .
tr	NNS	The white sails rise in the wind , and He is the one who sends the wind .
tr	NNS	The winds blew strong throughout the morning .
tr	NNS	All the zombies in the group fell down , but only a handful stood back up .
tr	NNS	Warning sirens blared in her head .
tr	NNS	The helmets bounced in and secured their positions throughout the loft .
tr	NNS	33 million hits came back .
tr	NNS	The sobs became a brokenhearted keening .
tr	NN	" That degree of self-control is admirable .
tr	NNS	His pupils dilated to a more normal size and then seemed to focus on me .
tr	NN	Her wailing had slowed to whimpering .
tr	NNS	The supernaturals were the necessity .
tr	NN	The chaplain had told him that he 'd need spiritual eyes to understand it , and that didn 't make sense either .
tr	NNS	Lightning blazes outside the window , illuminating the room and his bright green eyes .
tr	NN	This policeman had probably seen a lot .
tr	NN	The sheriff then lit the grad student 's lantern and turned to journey inside .
tr	NNS	But in truth , the visits were also a balm on his heart .
tr	NNS	" But , honey , I am hoping it 's only ghosts .
tr	NN	The familiar stench of rotted meat assaulted my nostrils .
tr	NNS	There are crack vials and used syringes strewn about the concrete that surrounds the playground .
tr	NN	" Cian , ' t is for you . "
tr	NNS	Their uniforms and weapons show clear relation to their country of origin .
tr	NNS	Folks come from all over .
tr	NN	The stirring of the air snapped me back to full attention , and I hissed at the tingle of magic in the air .
tr	NNS	The footprints are everywhere , around Dane 's tent , our tent , the SUV , and the fire .
tr	NNS	Crystal chandeliers hang from the ceiling en masse .
tr	NN	Leaning out , a long tail of blond hair whipped in the rotor wash .
tr	NN	" No pun intended , but it 's another tool in your arsenal . "
tr	NNS	The gates look locked to me .
tr	NN	Its peeling , red bark gave it away as the famous local species instantly .
tr	NNS	To the left a few blocks back , three black bikes zigzagged through the logjam .
tr	NN	It wasn 't fun to torture people like that , Killer said .
tr	NNS	In the absence of her singular awareness of me , the emptiness of the alleys , of the broad streets and city would suffocate me .
tr	NNS	Now the stakes were too high .
tr	NNS	The emptiness I felt was horrific and I didn 't realize that I 'd grown so dependent on him .
tr	NNS	How were the tunnels ventilated ?
tr	NN	Our furious glares locked , and we stood frozen in place until one of the scientists bumped into my shoulder .
tr	NNS	Elias roared into the phone .
tr	NN	A painful spark exploded between them , sending small flashes of electricity shooting off their lips .
tr	NNS	The no strings attached that she needed .
tr	NNS	Her long hair had been shorn and now fell to her ears , the locks tangled and sticking out in spikes .
tr	NN	The harshness of his voice did something between her thighs .
tr	NN	After that , our escorts took us back to the airport and we were sent home .
tr	NN	The sheriff jumped from his car and yelled , " Drop your weapon !
tr	NNS	The lockers have no locks and they 're narrow , unlike the lockers in the customer changing room .
tr	NNS	The screens are in the lenses .
tr	NN	His secretary answered after the second buzz in his ear .
tr	NNS	A few more items and she 'd be good to go .
tr	NNS	Things will be different this time .
tr	NNS	Holy items worked on the very old vampires , the ones who had been brought up to be devout believers .
tr	NN	The mere implication of foul play will cast a heavy shadow on the White House and NASA .
tr	NN	That reflection helped me shake it off .
tr	NNS	And his scales ... they weren 't scales as she 'd known them all her life .
tr	NNS	The parquet floors had seen better decades .
tr	NN	There was a flashlight on a tiny shelf at the bottom , which she used to scan the contents around her .
tr	NNS	The x-ray technicians ran several test but found nothing wrong from internal pictures taken .
tr	NN	The warrior sat on the couch in the entertainment room , alone , silent , a glass of scotch in his hand .
tr	NN	Your insane , far-fetched theory was right .
tr	NNS	Her sobs turned to shrieks .
tr	NN	Bit by bit I eased myself up to an upright position .
tr	NN	The raven was stark and dead among the grass , bony white shells in the foliage .
tr	NNS	" All passengers from this flight have priority over standby passengers .
tr	NN	" And all this gorgeous bling .
tr	NNS	Absorbed expressions , strained faces .
tr	NN	" His theory , " he nodded and gave a wonderful smile .
tr	NN	My daddy died , too , when I was very young . "
tr	NN	A clatter sounded from the kitchen , and she jumped in surprise .
tr	NNS	Smells suddenly struck Brian with a bang : sweat , perfume , aftershave , cologne , cigarette smoke , leather , soap , industrial cleaner .
tr	NNS	Three mech wolves stayed behind to guard the Institute .
tr	NN	How did the clown fit in ?
tr	NNS	I stayed there for a long while , staring at the dark marble countertop , the tiles inlaid with gold , until all of the voices quieted .
tr	NNS	There were no signs of any life this far outside of the city but people who lived out this far preferred their space .
tr	NNS	" On the contrary , " said the duchess in a glacial voice .
tr	NN	" Cameron Mackenzie , winner , " David said , a bewildered note in his voice .
tr	NNS	Lina 's nostrils flared .
tr	NNS	Words which would always interest MW : " worth millions ... a fortune ... " He paused and listened intently .
tr	NNS	" My apologies , " he said coolly .
tr	NN	" It doesn 't look like ' nothing ' to me , " the medic returned .
tr	NN	The station master can direct you to transportation to regimental HQ . "
tr	NNS	The Southern wolves are no match in strength to us .
tr	NN	Her pulse pounded , and she tried to calm down .
tr	NN	The Sphinx had seen the videos and she could tell that Lea 's punches have insane power .
tr	NN	The walls creep toward me and the air thickens , making it difficult to breathe .
tr	NN	" A cowboy name - only you don 't look like one . "
tr	NN	His only tie to Kerry were his parents .
tr	NNS	All but two ghosts had moved out by then , and he had somewhere he wanted to go .
tr	NNS	The scrambled eggs were on the table and Courtney could 've sworn they were the same eggs her grandmother had cooked the day before .
tr	NN	Her grandmother was always affectionate in her letters , and she longed to know her , to gain something of a mother figure from her .
tr	NNS	His thumbs traced along the curve of my cheekbones .
tr	NN	the lieutenant said through a microphone equipped flight helmet that made his voice sound almost automated .
tr	NNS	The cookies could wait .
tr	NNS	Oiled floors and slightly musty smell of a closed interior hit his nostrils but the long corridor with pegs along the interior side looked clean and fresh .
tr	NNS	Various other openings littered the dense forestry .
tr	NNS	Fresh boot prints covered the sandy floor .
tr	NN	One old cow , her back scarred and one ear reduced to tatters , snorted angrily and searched the brush .
tr	NNS	You ladies and gents have been patching up our boys with a survival ratio that any unit would be jealous of .
tr	NNS	Werewolves seemed to respect vampires about as much as vampires respect them .
tr	NNS	The squirrels searched the holes in the trees for sustenance and a couple of birds flew past , scanning the area for a new home .
tr	NN	A low roar bellowed through the air , and the world beyond the window turned to fire , balls of flame curling in on one another .
tr	NN	" Well , when you go to Starbucks can you get me an espresso brownie too . "
tr	NNS	The Youth League members all swiveled their heads up like a single machine .
tr	NN	The clearing was easy to find .
tr	NNS	A few documents prompted me for a password , which raised my curiosity .
tr	NN	Your greatest challenge now is to live that exemplary life your courage has demonstrated . "
tr	NNS	My newfound abilities were coming in handy for a lot of things .
tr	NN	A big stack of papers was in her arms .
tr	NNS	Dueling bars on opposite sides of the street had students milling outside the doors in long , anxious lines , waiting to reach the mirthful warmth inside .
tr	NNS	The jewels in the crown sparkled like stars in the night .
tr	NN	The government arrived and started searching the residences of the infected , finding one common item , the bottles of Coke .
tr	NN	In the front rank were the twenty - and thirty-year-old men .
tr	NN	What does the creepy design represent ? "
tr	NN	The dragon saw the sudden panic in Echo 's eyes as the telepath stopped straining .
tr	NN	A weakness washed over me , my heart pounded , and the thought of death frightened me .
tr	NN	A spark of anger flared in me , creating warmth of a different sort .
tr	NNS	Others would come forward , staring aggressively or curiously .
tr	NNS	The letters were uneven , but she could do it .
tr	NN	Tomorrow , my suffering will come to an ... explosive end . "
tr	NNS	Waves of pleasant thoughts washed through my mind .
tr	NN	Every copper spends some time out of uniform .
tr	NNS	Our footsteps seemed loud in the hallway , but the padded flooring once we got into the playroom made a softer , muffled sound .
tr	NN	A van was waiting , with what appeared to be an imitation cowboy behind the wheel .
tr	NN	The receptionist asked me to wait .
tr	NN	Best of all , there was warm sunshine and a perfect blue sky .
tr	NN	Right after his business partner steals all his best clients and leaves him high and dry .
tr	NNS	Hazy little heat puffs escaped with our words .
tr	NNS	Her abilities were uncanny , and that made him even more uneasy .
tr	NNS	What are your motives ? "
tr	NNS	His movements held purpose .
tr	NNS	Several werewolves were efficiently clearing away the rows of chairs and stacking the presents on a long table .
tr	NNS	Makes sense that we could find her dog 's trail , since he 's been in the park and would have marked his territory all the time .
tr	NNS	The wolves sang slowly behind him , bittersweet harmony , but all I heard was Sam .
tr	NN	All that mattered was the collection , which filled two thirds of the cargo hold ... until the day Nick opened the cargo hold doors .
tr	NN	A small pond sat in the center of the courtyard , making me wonder what kind of fish swam beneath those waters .
tr	NN	" Idiot , " the colonel thought .
tr	NN	Not spending her time engaging in a head-to-head battle with him for her body , heart and soul .
tr	NNS	When are the ladies due ? "
tr	NN	We just don 't understand some of his choices , " says the dragon .
tr	NN	Lee 's schedule was erratic , and it wasn 't his job to look after Adrian anyway .
tr	NNS	Things he couldn 't wait to do .
tr	NNS	Her reservations about his constancy where she was concerned remained in her mind but were slowly being whittled away in her heart .
tr	NNS	The uniforms have followed up on all the recently missing dwarves without finding any clues .
tr	NNS	Images swirled behind his closed eyes .
tr	NNS	Parts of it broke my heart and other parts downright pissed me off .
tr	NN	The yelling grew louder , my mothers turning into terrified screams .
tr	NNS	Others reached out to stroke his fur , and someone grabbed his tail .
tr	NN	The warrior jumped from his mount 's back .
tr	NNS	More settlers come all the time .
tr	NN	But the explorers did not stop to make contact or confirm the identity of the starships .
tr	NNS	Soon , new roads and houses began to pop up , seemingly every week .
tr	NNS	Several rows of cryogenic tubes lined the entire end from one side to the other , floor to ceiling .
tr	NNS	Not long ago , she 'd heard him start his motorcycle , knew he was double-checking his repairs .
tr	NN	The coven looked at Violet in suspense and waited for her to continue .
tr	NNS	My siblings , mother , and a layer of servants surrounded him , trying to make sense of the situation .
tr	NN	A hunter found Dell 's body .
tr	NNS	Things were moving in all the pods , things he couldn 't quite understand at first .
tr	NN	" Your ' instinct ' is going to get us killed !
tr	NN	The maid was a little thing , with her hair pulled back tight from her scalp .
tr	NN	Even a small static discharge would have led to " Oh the humanity ! "
tr	NN	A good pitcher doesn 't telegraph his plans . "
tr	NNS	Shouts of surprise and alarm followed from the bewildered students .
tr	NN	There was only defeat in her tone now .
tr	NNS	There were uniforms at the door , but no detectives , no higher echelon .
tr	NN	On the willow stump to his head the raven put his beak under the cover of its wing to sleep .
tr	NN	' cos that 's all we got . "
tr	NNS	The pills work just fine .
tr	NNS	Her companions didn 't share this apprehension , however .
tr	NN	Resistance will just earn me behavioral correction .
tr	NNS	Hands are on me , pushing me down .
tr	NN	Immediately , the radar detector sounded off and it lit up like Times Square on New Year 's Eve !
tr	NNS	" There are no risks if used on your hands .
tr	NN	My mascara ran onto my pillow and left streaks all down it .
tr	NN	The only thing Sakura really opposed was that the dress was designed in such a way as to push one 's breasts up and -- voilà !
tr	NNS	The murmurs ceased , and guests drifted off , annoyed , but the servants cheered .
tr	NN	The partner rested both elbows on the table and leaned forward .
tr	NNS	The one curl will hold and then you can place another over it . "
tr	NNS	Tiny pools of clothing items drifted in a sea of emptiness on the shop floor .
tr	NN	My first instinct was to nod and wave him off .
tr	NNS	Josh had been right about one thing , the cases were all very similar .
tr	NNS	The dwarves stood in a stalemate against the wall watching her advance .
tr	NNS	Luckily , the squirrels were still sleeping .
tr	NN	At the same instance , there was a crackling roar , so loud that I thought my eardrums would burst .
tr	NN	The EOD agent had grabbed her and pushed her behind him .
tr	NN	A blazing chrome wheel rim rolled toward them and came to a shuddering stop at the curb .
tr	NNS	" Don 't worry , Timmy , I 'll take care of it , " Bugs assured .
tr	NN	This same scenario was happening all over the village .
tr	NNS	My hostages could never escape .
tr	NN	Mary Ellen 's bedchamber was dark .
tr	NNS	Things were normal -- and sane -- again .
tr	NN	Her neighbor had been the only veterinarian in town for most of his life .
tr	NN	Hell , his reflection had scared him half to death this morning .
tr	NN	More gunfire erupted , thundering all around Rachel , but not hitting her .
tr	NN	Love makes the world go ' round . "
tr	NNS	The goblins closed in on him , bloodthirsty as ever .
tr	NNS	Others call them the darkest days of men , for it was then we learned to best exploit one another . "
tr	NNS	Werewolves and psychics weren 't exactly the height of possibility , either .
tr	NNS	The constant murmurs , the parasites working on his acceptance of the masters and their plan , were wearying .
tr	NN	The other agent farther down the hall lay still .
tr	NN	The teacher , considering that she was in charge and was , therefore , the person addressed by the visitor , felt she had to say something .
tr	NNS	" No worries , Connor ; your secret is safe with me .
tr	NNS	Lantern light pools on the streets and ripples as they pass .
tr	NNS	Her nostrils twitched with disgust .
tr	NNS	Sadness and anger swirled into one .
tr	NNS	Sadness spiked in my chest , grief for the child I felt so close to yet still didn 't know .
tr	NNS	The negotiations on the phone had been six months of foreplay .
tr	NNS	" If we could destroy the map , our ancestors would have done so long ago . "
tr	NNS	Posh elevators and a few lights were on in certain areas .
tr	NN	The priest shivered but said nothing ; the silence lengthened between them .
tr	NN	There is an old altar at the very back .
tr	NNS	This is taught as realism but another realism is that a donkey cannot be our father , some fathers may however sound like a donkey .
tr	NN	The vegetable doll lay peacefully back with its legs splayed ; there were dents from a pair of big knees in the flannel between them .
tr	NN	Their fairly repetitive experiences hadn 't been any help at all .
tr	NNS	" My apologies , sister , " Rico said , with a slight bow and a quizzical smile .
tr	NN	The dragon refused to be amused .
tr	NN	The chalice would be part of what we did .
tr	NNS	Even in total darkness some creatures see shapes and locations and can identify composition .
tr	NN	Most likely , his momma and sister picked them out before sending it over . "
tr	NN	Hopefully the tape was still secure ; otherwise , they were going to get a show .
tr	NN	" Since when does a warrior need an invitation ? "
tr	NN	" The cocaine is not mine .
tr	NNS	Two angry spots of colour burned on my aunt 's cheeks , and her nostrils flared .
tr	NN	There , littering the ground was a layer of toads , scrambling desperately over each other to hop down into the safety of the pond .
tr	NNS	Hendricks had been leaning forward in his chair ; now he leaned back .
tr	NN	Storm reached behind his neck and untied a leather cord , lifting the amulet from inside his shirt .
tr	NNS	When we 're out of here and lounging on a beach , sipping cocktails on sun loungers .
tr	NNS	His movements became harder , faster , turning my moans into sharp cries .
tr	NNS	The pilgrims became angels carrying messages to God .
tr	NNS	Red and white striped silk drapes cascade down the tall windows .
tr	NNS	The poisons come from different sources , however , and they work in different ways .
tr	NNS	Once your course of study is set , all the classes are similar and are usually taught in the same area .
tr	NN	Perhaps his misleading email had thrown them off .
tr	NN	A metallic click sounded dangerously close to my ear as I was dragged away from my sister and friend .
tr	NN	The stench of death drifted through the air , not even disguised by the rotting damp in the valley that night .
tr	NN	A lengthy vanity with three sinks took up the opposite wall , and the closet took up the rest of the space .
tr	NNS	Soldiers ran to him , joining the ranks of those gathered on the outside edges .
tr	NN	The disgust and accusation in his voice was crystal clear .
tr	NNS	Another red plaid thermos was in his other hand , which he held out towards Alejo .
tr	NN	The magnitude of his tale warranted it , and the thinking time needed it .
tr	NN	By the time the eleventh comes around you should be ready for a whole new world .
tr	NN	There was a scrabbling from inside the carcass .
tr	NNS	The two warriors were nothing but a blur .
tr	NNS	" Previous attempts to overthrow the Lord Ruler have failed because they lacked proper organization and planning .
tr	NNS	Rags spilled from a bucket with steaming water and the handle of a mop tipped forward and knocked me on the head .
tr	NNS	Its metallic discs clattered on the dirt floor .
tr	NNS	Shouts called out in Russian toward them .
tr	NN	The lamp got to the end of its cord , and moved gently in the air like a boat moored to a dock .
tr	NNS	My eyelids stayed shut until the stewardess ' voice over the intercom gave the landing information .
tr	NNS	His eyelids flicker , but that is all .
tr	NN	A sergeant stepped forwarded and yelled out , " OK , everybody gather in front of the stage . "
tr	NNS	All roads led to the past .
tr	NNS	Steal thousands of dollars and you were either a government or a hero .
tr	NN	A glint of emerald appeared in her light green depths , growing darker and brighter .
tr	NNS	The winds were blowing from the west .
tr	NN	' Damn the limey bastard is coming ' round faster than most ! '
tr	NNS	Others watched with eyes that declared that what they saw was their howling hero with wonder and gratitude .
tr	NN	" My lair is just beyond the hedge . "
tr	NNS	The gun blasts echoed around the stone walls of the water duct .
tr	NNS	Sure enough , the first two torches were now slowly following the exact same route they had just made along the hollow .
tr	NN	The guilt is gone , replaced by heat .
tr	NN	The thrill of the chase overwhelmed him , and Murdoch played with her , letting her lope until she tired .
tr	NN	How demanding the savagery , how deep-seated the madness felt now that it had him in its grasp .
tr	NN	Where she got to the gym , the grocery store .
tr	NN	The matron then grew maudlin , and proclaimed : ' I was a beauty once ! '
tr	NNS	The dwarves halted and gazed at the sky .
tr	NNS	Bugs was the type of person so many of us strive to be .
tr	NN	A fine sheen of sweat dampened his body .
tr	NN	' And what shall that design be ? '
tr	NNS	" Three shots at eleven A.M. ?
tr	NN	" You real y know the way to a girl 's heart . "
tr	NNS	Fortunately our predictions were accurate .
tr	NN	The entryway of the Giant 's Foot had become quite crowded .
tr	NN	His tail swished side to side .
tr	NN	" Who 's the chick ?
tr	NN	A plume of smoke and fire erupted behind the grey cliff .
tr	NN	Link knew he never wanted to see that place again .
tr	NNS	A few boards cracked and then it swung open .
tr	NN	I didn 't get a chance to respond before Rachel stepped forward , a horrified look on her face .
tr	NN	On the hood laid Kitty , in a fitted jumpsuit with Justin 's logo on the front .
tr	NNS	Soothing strains of music flowed from the room , too quiet to be heard through the window .
tr	NN	" How does the vague outline go ? "
tr	NNS	Two more thrusts and I rode over the edge again in a blissful orgasm .
tr	NNS	" Your Highness , " the dwarf greeted .
tr	NN	Right through the band of females came Lisa suddenly , throwing back her hood , the glare of the fire full on her face .
tr	NN	The astonishment on Jase 's face must mirror mine .
tr	NNS	There were no bars or anything .
tr	NN	" Reality has slipped , " he said , " or perhaps a better way of putting it would be time has slipped . "
tr	NNS	More human servants could be there . "
tr	NN	The huge chestnut was saddled and ready .
tr	NNS	Flames engulfed him as he leapt from the window and exploded from their embrace .
tr	NNS	Her wrists , her hands , were shaking .
tr	NNS	The peaceful strains of the classical music playing in the background seemed to mock the ugly violence .
tr	NN	" Don 't make me beg , Healer , " the werewolf pleaded .
tr	NN	The smells were making him desperate for food .
tr	NN	Her release seemed to go on forever , from one peak to the next , and Chase felt like the luckiest guy on the planet .
tr	NN	Part of a cleanup operation after the project failed . "
tr	NN	There was a crash in the kitchen , and my head jerked sideways .
tr	NNS	But her Second Thoughts said : I 'm glad I did it .
tr	NNS	Her fingernails were visible as well .
tr	NNS	Although half the girls here talk like they 've got marbles stuffed in their mouths .
tr	NNS	There were a million possibilities for such a thing , and he held onto that .
tr	NNS	The spider 's - leg bars around them simply disappeared along with the canopy above .
tr	NNS	My eyelids fluttered open and I saw Sofie leaning over me , fumbling with something around my neck .
tr	NN	" Southern football , my ass , " he mumbled before he turned into a wolf and dashed into the woods after whatever was approaching .
tr	NN	However , no-one has seen him since ; he disappeared not long after he was invited . "
tr	NN	His Norseman 's resolve to contain fragile emotions did not disguise the sorrow behind his eyes .
tr	NNS	Here , in this place , there were no worries of the future , just sensations piled on sensations .
tr	NN	There was no flutter , so she really was unconscious , but it was impossible to say how long she would stay that way .
tr	NNS	Names , characters and situations are completely fictional and a work of the author 's imagination .
tr	NNS	Would a few inches south still count ?
tr	NNS	Things got out of control , and I didn 't seem to care .
tr	NN	I won 't go into the definition of " pucker factor " but trust me , a high pucker factor really is not good .
tr	NN	" This is the only barbershop in the neighborhood , " the barber said .
tr	NN	You see , Marquette 's log was unpublished because of the way Catholicism was practiced in China . "
tr	NN	Only a few minutes later , another email popped up in my folder .
tr	NNS	Then the sirens began and helpful people pulled at me , making me stand up and stagger out of the flames .
tr	NNS	Onyx discs wreathed in ruby so bright they almost seemed to glow .
tr	NN	A gang leader with a leader who uses hypnosis and hurts his victims in bizarre rituals . "
tr	NN	The urn tipped a little at first .
tr	NNS	Their clients lived in holes in caves , gutters or trees and couldn 't care less .
tr	NN	' What 's his current condition ? '
tr	NN	There was a hungry gleam in his emerald eyes that sent a shiver of fear and desire down her spine .
tr	NN	A small pit of dread began building in her stomach as she looked at the simple three by seven foot glass box .
tr	NN	There 's no grand design , just like there isn 't in real life . "
tr	NN	Last night 's ploy hadn 't worked all that well because of something he simply hadn 't considered , and he was impatient with himself .
tr	NN	And there was Death .
tr	NN	The frank honesty of those words surprised him .
tr	NNS	All properties which were employed by the existing computers , where the string is modified step by step up to the final output .
tr	NN	This routine was the same from the time we began school .
tr	NNS	Two possible Olympic champions among them , incidentally . ' '
tr	NNS	The scenes raced by one by one -- nothing skipped or overlooked -- until they stopped , suddenly , just before passing Adam 's twelfth birthday .
tr	NNS	On each side , blades shot out .
tr	NN	All this machinery must require a lot of maintenance .
tr	NNS	The warriors left the three canoes along the shore of the village and made their way back on foot to safety .
tr	NNS	Elias took the opportunity to look up and take in what had happened .
tr	NNS	The other members of the pack spread out behind him .
tr	NN	The last written page was in the middle of the journal , signifying a precious life cut short -- too short .
tr	NNS	Freaks , Duncan heard in his head , almost like she whispered it .
tr	NN	" What 's an accomplice ? "
tr	NN	No offense , but I don 't like to be hurt and I 'd rather just avoid it . "
tr	NNS	His eyelids fluttered , and if I could 've kissed them without waking him , I would have .
tr	NN	The bullet had entered Jack 's shoulder , and when she tore aside his shirt , she saw that the wound still bled profusely .
tr	NNS	These pills will help . "
tr	NNS	There were different factions from many different places , which forced her to put some protection behind her reputation .
tr	NNS	The warriors became a blur and the flash of intelligence became more and more frequent until a soldier finally went down to be replaced by a woman .
tr	NN	" How does your organization feel about violence or threats of violence ? "
tr	NNS	The winds died away ; a hush fell in the blackness ; the palace was still .
tr	NNS	But appearances could be deceiving , as she well knew .
tr	NNS	The losses would also serve to make them angrier .
tr	NNS	Inside the sub , the companions sat facing each other .
tr	NN	A light marine layer draped over the sunset in the west .
tr	NNS	" No more cliffs , " Flynn informs me , " Not that I would let you attempt to climb down another one anyway . "
tr	NN	" The ban happened .
tr	NN	His partner seemed especially agitated , and was looking uneasily up and down the rows of passengers .
tr	NN	What titanic avian combat was underway above them in the skies of Kratos ?
tr	NN	He thinks if he dresses all dark and foreboding , the audience won 't notice how bad he is . "
tr	NNS	His thumbs brushed away the steady stream of tears .
tr	NN	And that there was a perfectly good explanation for why he hadn 't searched for her .
tr	NN	The first lick was wet and warm and sent me shooting into the stratosphere with pleasure .
tr	NN	The inspector lost himself watching those portraits , recognizing in each of them " his victims " .
tr	NN	A silvery wooded dock juts out above the water .
tr	NNS	Whiskers 's demands come first , however .
tr	NNS	The whining tickets annoyed Mira more than they should have .
tr	NNS	Things that told of her life .
tr	NNS	Iron chandeliers shaped like deer antlers glowed with chunks of white crystals .
tr	NNS	Images of fire danced across the ceiling bringing it to life with the beat of the music .
tr	NNS	Muscles in his back bunched as he lifted the bar .
tr	NNS	Images of Embry rose up .
tr	NNS	No sooner had he gone inside than two more black suits came around the corner .
tr	NN	The yard in front of the house was crunchy and dead .
tr	NN	Just then two uniformed and armoured men came round the corner .
tr	NN	The sparkle in Kate 's eyes winked out , but she lifted her chin .
tr	NN	" How 's the kitten ? "
tr	NNS	The council exchanges confused looks .
tr	NN	But the lack of symmetry bothered me .
tr	NN	The hatch slammed open behind her .
tr	NN	There was a general consensus that the riddle 's first lines were referring to Pi .
tr	NNS	Words escaped me as I was hit by the certainty that something bad was about to happen .
tr	NNS	All around her , the rain forest was vivid and bright , the colors so brilliant they nearly hurt her eyes .
tr	NNS	Two figures struggled in the darkness .
tr	NNS	Pushing and Pulling metals was all about weight .
tr	NN	As the people made their way out of the church , the priest greeted them individually and chatted briefly with some of them .
tr	NN	Love turned to look back at Stuart .
tr	NNS	Looks like you 're feeling lots better , am I right ? "
tr	NNS	The mattress was soft ... so soft .
tr	NNS	He was too old , went the rumours .
tr	NNS	The footsteps stop , but I don 't acknowledge them .
tr	NNS	Makes sense to have it below the spot they 'd most likely come to if they wanted in . "
tr	NN	His wings droop , eyes like obsidian gone to dull stone , dry as baked prunes .
tr	NNS	Under my feathers are very sharp horns .
tr	NN	The shooter would never be able to get a clear hit without seeing into the apartment .
tr	NN	The sheriff jogged down the stairs and got back in his patrol car .
tr	NN	The goddess didn 't face him when he reached her , but traced a fingertip along a thin , jagged groove in the middle stone .
tr	NNS	" Lights , " Claire said .
tr	NN	Her resolve started to crumble .
tr	NNS	After the first coffin , the two dwarves pushed in a second coffin .
tr	NN	The audience does not care how long it took to write a script .
tr	NN	But my resolve was ironclad .
tr	NNS	Her instincts told her to rip open the door , shove him back into the hall , and lock it after him .
tr	NNS	Screams shattered the silence of even the house .
tr	NN	" After all , my momma raised me right .
tr	NN	The beading on the high collar and on the lace bodice sparkled through the plastic covering .
tr	NNS	" The aunts talked about her often .
tr	NN	The scar made by the stab on their chest will forever remain .
tr	NNS	The fans went for the sympathy angle .
tr	NN	From out of the mist , a small canoe made its way toward them .
tr	NN	No haze lingered among the thick forest surrounding them , as though the air mimicked her growing clarity .
tr	NNS	The antibiotics were keeping me safe , for now , but what would happen when I came off of them ?
tr	NNS	His pupils dilated , the brilliant emerald retreating until it was only a faint rim around the black .
tr	NNS	Her own actions had been stupid and irresponsible .
tr	NNS	' No worries , this guitar 's like magic ; it 's the only electric I own .
tr	NNS	Her opponents drop like flies .
tr	NN	The teacher stopped asking him questions about his family that day , but from time to time she would ask again .
tr	NN	T-shirt was clean , but clearly worn .
tr	NN	On a shelf below the map were two objects .
tr	NN	" Instantly , the meteorite cools and stops glowing .
tr	NNS	Others , further away , hadn 't seen or heard him and continued toward the blaze .
tr	NN	The pitch was high and outside , perfect for Porky to snag and fire to second .
tr	NNS	The colors were bright and spanned the entire spectrum of the rainbow .
tr	NN	" Sounds like a threat , " Chance said quietly .
tr	NN	The bearded hunter had to jump back to avoid being trampled and had a difficult time recovering his footing on the uneven cobblestones .
tr	NN	The moon 's reflection danced on distant reefs .
tr	NN	The hunter opened his eyes slowly and saw nothing more than a small puddle of reddish water blackened by the dawning of night .
tr	NN	The elf smiled at their surprise .
tr	NNS	" On the each wall , there are dark maple wooden frames making up a perfect square or a tall triangle or a long rectangular geometric shape .
tr	NN	And then there 's your reputation with the girls . "
tr	NN	" Bit bloody convenient that her computer was nicked , don 't you think ? "
tr	NNS	There we pirates go if we behave ourselves as well .
tr	NN	The angel on my shoulder nods her head vigorously .
tr	NN	And a vow that he would give her just as much pleasure as she was so unselfishly giving him .
tr	NNS	There are thirty-two black squares and an equal number of white .
tr	NN	Link grinned at John and nodded .
tr	NN	Part of me found it terrifying , that he 'd regret the possibility he 'd be permanently attached without having made the choice on his own .
tr	NN	" I 've been here awhile , the airport is extremely small , two short wings , that 's it .
tr	NNS	" These foes are not worthy of us " , tried Bianca again .
tr	NNS	Werewolves were always so territorial .
tr	NNS	The creatures were silent , unlike the zombies that occasionally made their way to the town 's walls , moaning and screaming as they searched for food .
tr	NN	The redhead seized Blake by the back of the neck and hurled him to the ground .
tr	NN	His c * ck jerked toward her , throbbing in time with his heart .
tr	NN	How hard could one dessert be ?
tr	NNS	Audrey 's fingernails bit into Jenny 's arm .
tr	NN	An alternative escape route fluttered through his mind .
tr	NN	Part of me wanted to hear shouting , the sounds of sirens wailing , and the general noises of panic to prove that it was all real .
tr	NN	" There was nothing left , " the young state investigator said when he made his visit .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of losing his parents , losing Celia , possibly losing Kelly , too , had left him too damned aware of how precarious life was .
tr	NN	A feather would have knocked him over .
tr	NNS	All the possibilities were there .
tr	NNS	When have gorillas run up impossible debts ?
tr	NN	Even regular folk are getting in on the action .
tr	NNS	In the hall , footsteps clamored behind me .
tr	NN	The backyard was still .
tr	NN	I ' l provide you with a list . "
tr	NNS	The authorities back on Earth sent us some weapons to defend ourselves .
tr	NN	The gunfire was still going strong when we emerged in the reception seconds later .
tr	NN	But where did her new Master wish her to take him ?
tr	NN	This time Soraya didn 't know what to make of the news .
tr	NN	I real y think Marcus would 've shipped me off to Lucian 's if it wasn 't for you three . "
tr	NN	" You , " the reflection replied .
tr	NNS	My fears of him leaving me for better things were still very prevalent .
tr	NNS	On Brandon , the werewolf traits were powerful and alluring .
tr	NNS	Hot and heavy drops flowed down my cheeks with no regard for my dignity .
tr	NNS	The fleas compounded the problem by refusing to cooperate .
tr	NN	Our Prince was a great man and saw far into the future .
tr	NNS	Black cats are unlucky .
tr	NNS	Bustling servants shuttled away empty trays and plates .
tr	NN	The fug folk require at least one of them to accompany every ship .
tr	NNS	At the helm , two hooded members were holding court in ornate hand-carved thrones fit for vampire kings .
tr	NN	My splash total y kicks Henry 's splash 's ass .
tr	NN	Reality brought me completely upright .
tr	NNS	( pause , looks at soup ) Me and this soup go way back .
tr	NNS	Sirens screamed ; voices roared commands ; children had fallen with broken limbs .
tr	NNS	Two eggs are for wimps .
tr	NNS	His kisses were tender and full of meaning .
tr	NNS	Two sweet kisses landed on James 's cheeks .
tr	NN	Clearly Fiona 's arrival had put a stop to that habit .
tr	NN	Her preoccupation with my flesh , her lusting for my person , always seemed to have that effect .
tr	NN	The dragon nudged her hard and knocked her back entirely into the pond .
tr	NN	Her grimace was at once teasing and moved .
tr	NNS	His chances of impressing Lynn were slim to none if he came off as a busybody only interested in hearing and spreading rumors .
tr	NN	With silent , cloaked figures around .
tr	NNS	Things were alive in that cell .
tr	NNS	Your frequencies would grow in strength and it could become uncomfortable to visit at times .
tr	NNS	Things had gone differently .
tr	NN	The guts heave upwards regularly , then subside , as though the pile is breathing .
tr	NN	Apparently her " wandering around the apartment " outfit is also suitable for travel .
tr	NN	Suddenly , the tape would fly furiously in my direction .
tr	NNS	Hopefully the dolphins are there tomorrow .
tr	NNS	Reyes peered over at Lucien , who was watching him with a hard expression .
tr	NNS	Soon , the females ' bellies grew large .
tr	NN	The firelight cast ominous shadows against Nash 's face , distorting his normally perfect features .
tr	NN	Death and disaster was everywhere .
tr	NNS	But the satellites tended to take care of themselves .
tr	NN	The damage would have been extraordinary .
tr	NNS	Young couples in love cast strange looks like I was a bit cuckoo .
tr	NN	No more sponge baths .
tr	NN	The fragrance of stuffing filled the air as it was scraped from the bowels of the turkey .
tr	NN	I 've seen how they act in a group , the way Jasper remembers .
tr	NNS	He exchanges glances with Zeph .
tr	NNS	Terrifying jaws stretched open , revealing three rows of razor-sharp teeth .
tr	NN	A tremor rumbled through the cottage rattling tea cups , rippling the walls .
tr	NN	My gut instinct tells me the guy 's there now .
tr	NNS	Three back-to-back episodes of lions eating gazelles in the wild are too much .
tr	NNS	Animals birthed for hunting .
tr	NNS	Words spilled out of Mr Groat like stashed mail from a crack in the wall .
tr	NN	Still ... the theory had certain holes ... A baby , she thought wistfully .
tr	NN	For once , an absolute absurdity would serve my purpose as well or better than anything else .
tr	NNS	Sadness graced his eyes , and Victoria felt her heart pang .
tr	NN	An old portable television sat on the back of a carved rhino .
tr	NNS	" Dry wells , " or " Clouds without water " as Peter and Jude called them .
tr	NNS	Some members of the upper class took exception to reading and writing among their inferiors .
tr	NN	Another bullet hit the water and I could hear the guys talking amongst themselves on shore .
tr	NNS	Two figures stood upon the terrace unseen , watching the man known by the world as Adolf Hitler .
tr	NN	The company 's revenue was falling .
tr	NN	Between the dragon 's great horns a steady electrical discharge sparks .
tr	NNS	Both seats faced forward .
tr	NN	" Okay , so the term is old fashioned , but did he ? "
tr	NNS	The coaches are speaking quickly to a gaping Mike , who says something to them .
tr	NNS	" The recipes we use here are all mine .
tr	NNS	Three figures emerge from the trees and scamper toward me .
tr	NN	As much as she liked the garments , the townsfolk would accept her more easily if she were dressed normally .
tr	NNS	" In my house there are no drugs , no alcohol and no cigarettes . "
tr	NN	The committee first targeted a group of Hollywood screenwriters , accusing them of being members of the Communist Party and inserting communist propaganda into their screenplays .
tr	NN	The television was still on .
tr	NN	A pretty feather of a man like him should have broken without much encouragement at all .
tr	NN	This tradition has also persisted down to this very day .
tr	NNS	Looks of confusion came over the group .
tr	NNS	Only their long , arranged rows remained .
tr	NNS	The factions need us .
tr	NNS	The Tanks had a driver , but getting to the island would surely prove problematic .
tr	NNS	Shadowhunters cannot hope to defeat them .
tr	NNS	For a change , the eggs weren 't runny and the bacon wasn 't raw or burned .
tr	NNS	The ten members of the class looked uncertainly at one another , then Ryan stooped down and picked up the stick Billy had discarded .
tr	NN	the secretary addressed the class , " You are to go to the yard for exercise .
tr	NN	Love being one ... vengeance being another .
tr	NNS	Their female clients who were willing to marry rich men did so for a very steep price .
tr	NNS	Lives are at stake .
tr	NN	The garage , with its door into the kitchen , was to our left on the west side of the house .
tr	NN	Your loyalty is first and foremost to Cadogan .
tr	NN	Their unexpected passenger seemed oblivious of the need for everyone to lend a hand .
tr	NN	And an institution like ours can 't afford to be left behind . "
tr	NNS	Others gushed over the boy who 'd been sitting beside me .
tr	NN	The government had moved away from punishing non-violent crimes with imprisonment .
tr	NN	Immediately Liza 's frog waddled back into the lake .
tr	NN	" Obviously , " the receptionist said .
tr	NN	The exercise was exhausting , but each time he worked the fire he got better at it .
tr	NNS	The dog 's barks are getting louder , and I 'm getting more and more nervous .
tr	NNS	Within seconds many footsteps filled into the room and there was chatter of voices of men and women .
tr	NN	Lust and love were two different animals .
tr	NN	Like I 'd just done some sort of trick to win their approval , although I had no idea what it might be .
tr	NNS	Their tongues tangled with urgent need , Kara giving way to Simon 's dominant insistence .
tr	NNS	The trails are wider and smoother and there 's a nice meadow we can canter through . "
tr	NN	" The nightgown was my idea .
tr	NN	There was another swish of material on material .
tr	NNS	His movements gradually picked up speed until he no longer appeared as though underwater .
tr	NN	Instead a swirl rocked me .
tr	NNS	My siblings and my friends from Roche were all in a small secluded groove near a stream inside the vast royal gardens .
tr	NNS	Looks like Archer played his cards close to his chest on this one . "
tr	NN	" I 've got her , " The kidnapper -- the man , said .
tr	NN	The only option , the only way to make sure this wouldn 't be repeated , was to tell Chad she never wanted to see him again .
tr	NN	" And Corporal if you can answer this last question you can have my parking spot for a week .
tr	NNS	What are your motives ? '
tr	NNS	The ladies looked at her with expressions of concern .
tr	NN	There 's a poof and then suddenly I 'm not in a room with a Reaper but with a raven .
tr	NNS	Questions and compassion mixed in her gaze .
tr	NNS	Hands explored , whispered words lifted into the silence , and the sighs and groans of two bodies merging became a kind of music .
tr	NNS	The terse , stilted sentences gave away nothing of any worth to indicate what was actually happening .
tr	NN	The vendor had thrown in half-a-dozen smithing lessons for free .
tr	NN	If he did the same thing to Duncan , her reputation in the industry would be toast .
tr	NNS	Seductive images fed to me in pieces .
tr	NN	" No , there 's no ' potentially ' about it .
tr	NN	A low steady siren starts to sound as green spinning alert lights appear on the great walls .
tr	NNS	" Who were these traitors ? "
tr	NNS	the immortals intervened in the conversation .
tr	NNS	Aris compressed his lips .
tr	NNS	Around the edges were grooves that captured the flow of any liquids and channeled them to a reservoir at one end of table .
tr	NN	His thrusts grew stronger , harder , and Rachel matched him perfectly .
tr	NNS	If he 'd been shifted , his hackles would 've been up , way up .
tr	NNS	CDs and their cases littered her desk , which had an older looking CD player on it along with her school bag .
tr	NN	The clothing she was nabbing probably cost more than three months ' rent on her apartment in the city .
tr	NN	Love is resilient and beautiful , but just like people , sometimes it needs help , too .
tr	NNS	Light bursts in the tree and squeals come from the creatures as they attack .
tr	NNS	The contents spilled across the floor , but she was too weak to stop it from happening .
tr	NNS	Tear drop pearls suspended from diamonds , a gift from Regan , dangled from her ears .
tr	NNS	Sirens shrieked in my ears .
tr	NNS	For now , all the worries of the world had faded away .
tr	NN	There was another sharp lance of pain , another sultry wave of pleasure .
tr	NNS	But there were other hues glowing fierce and bright , as well .
tr	NNS	Doors opened into a place set up like an erotic dream .
tr	NN	The sheriff moved closer , with that look cops get when they 're trying to placate crazy people .
tr	NNS	The investors often had no idea where their money went , and fewer still really cared so long as it paid off .
tr	NN	Some bitch might call the cops .
tr	NNS	" The losses are what define a man 's faith . "
tr	NNS	The two late arrivals wanted to ask questions but there was no time for that .
tr	NN	Part of me was still standing there , rooted to the spot .
tr	NN	No wonder Amelia had been interested in her earrings .
tr	NN	The receptionist beckoned to Kat .
tr	NNS	" Your ideas have merit .
tr	NNS	We 're face-to-face , the bars fenced between us .
tr	NNS	How many couples could claim the same ?
tr	NN	Jazz didn 't particularly mind that .
tr	NN	The strange caller had hung up on him !
tr	NN	The captain was a gentleman , even though his crew were not .
tr	NNS	When he came toward her , his movements were well-coordinated , which allowed Emma to relax a little .
tr	NNS	Alexis is your counterpart and you MUST watch your back at all times .
tr	NNS	Soon enough , footsteps echoed down the hall .
tr	NNS	There are tunnel exits that lead to different areas around town . "
tr	NN	Ferry grabbed it from her hand .
tr	NN	A small ramp led down into the sand and I ran , overly excited .
tr	NNS	Lives were at risk .
tr	NNS	The security arrangements were comprehensive .
tr	NNS	Metallic strings of red and silver wove from branch to branch like scalloped lace .
tr	NN	His passion made her heart swell .
tr	NNS	The two stunning visitors were grade three heroes , and were more than capable of unleashing the kung-fu skills that came with the award .
tr	NNS	Things seem to flee ; One , two , three , four !
tr	NNS	Things -- and people -- aren 't always what they seem .
tr	NNS	As Angela developed a tolerance for the medication , her symptoms would return .
tr	NNS	Her paintings should be on the wall .
tr	NN	Slowly , the lower door descended and the upper door ascended .
tr	NN	" This bastard stole my innocence .
tr	NN	My Prince has instructed to me to assist you in all matters .
tr	NN	At the door , a mass of shadows rolled into the room .
tr	NN	The boardroom hatred between her family and Jordan was longstanding and deep .
tr	NNS	However , the chances of seeing him again were slim .
tr	NNS	' The experiences you had were unfortunate .
tr	NN	Part of her had wanted them to be more independent , because being a single parent of two active little boys wasn 't easy .
tr	NNS	Questions Bjorn heading out from the darkness of the building towards the forest with Kol following in tow .
tr	NN	Theory No. 1 : Shaving Fred 's eyebrows like a pedestrian lane made me look cool to them , but not to Fred .
tr	NNS	The summers had grown cold and the winters long and icy .
tr	NNS	At least there were only six seats .
tr	NNS	" The leaders of the three Clans .
tr	NN	The lanky knight had already kicked his horse into a gallop and gone to join his fellow combatants .
tr	NNS	Brand-new instincts took over , her teeth sinking deep , and he flowed into her like nectar .
tr	NNS	Her sobs choked her .
tr	NNS	About a mile ahead the hills parted , allowing the Tennessee River to pass between them .
tr	NNS	Flames of ecstasy consumed her .
tr	NN	Yet the malice in his eyes showed that whoever had caused that wound had died before any blood hit the ground .
tr	NNS	There are so many other eligible young ladies from good families who would relish the opportunity to become your wife .
tr	NN	But she hadn , t stepped back in fear .
tr	NNS	No more apologies , " Taylor waved her off .
tr	NNS	The wind chills running into me felt like they were in the negative teens .
tr	NNS	Both boxers backed away at the same time .
tr	NNS	The footsteps grew louder and I pulled myself as close to the door as possible .
tr	NN	" In a healthy situation , passion may overwhelm you , but you know when and how to hold it in check . "
tr	NN	Her explanation ended with the facility in McCreary County and the expansion plans .
tr	NN	The highway at night looked like a movie flashing past us in fast forward , all the lights receding , out of reach .
tr	NNS	The sailors ' belongings laid below them in heavy wooden chests that were nailed down in the likely event of rough waters .
tr	NN	A spark of adrenaline flashed in my chest and I started moving my hips in little gyrating motions , massaging his cock with my pussy .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids fluttered open .
tr	NN	There was still a layer of sand blowing along the ground , but it was less vigorous .
tr	NNS	" But , " Bugs continued , " that 's not all .
tr	NN	The drill started again and Jeff pulled out his cell phone .
tr	NN	A thrill of excitement made my skin prickle with goosebumps .
tr	NNS	Lots of power too , I imagine people will be drawn to you , " she said , smiling .
tr	NNS	Almost all the Were creatures , of whatever persuasion , were not back from their last night 's binge or were already sleeping it off .
tr	NN	" The prophecy , " I said , " the one about the Taken , the Division . "
tr	NNS	" No emails from him , or phone calls ? "
tr	NNS	The eggs will hatch soon and turn into a unique animated creature that responds to my voice and mood .
tr	NN	Terror rattled Dak 's heart , made it hard to breathe .
tr	NNS	My gills flared , gulping down extra air .
tr	NNS	" George , the coins ... . . "
tr	NNS	The grapes haven 't set , at least not to my liking . "
tr	NNS	His cheek presses against the top of my head and I can hear him crying now .
tr	NN	" Your progress with Andrew is much faster than mine was with Eva .
tr	NN	Without him nearby , there 's a lack of energy , a dulling of color , gray moonlight where moments earlier there had been silver .
tr	NN	Somehow , when she stabbed up and around from under her , the stake had not gone deep enough , or hadn 't hit the heart .
tr	NNS	For them , office flings were part of the perks .
tr	NNS	Even Alex 's relatives , who have every right to think I 'm not good enough for their son or brother or cousin or whomever .
tr	NNS	Her boobs and hips looked in proportion .
tr	NNS	With the Union 's greater industrial capacity and population , the Confederate losses would possibly be even greater than before .
tr	NN	Yes , the mountain had burst open the lid for him .
tr	NN	But all manner of wooden implements he could use were short and would prove to be a disadvantage rather than an advantage .
tr	NN	A pulse throbbed faster in his temple .
tr	NN	" Hey , Doctor Wentworth , " the usher said .
tr	NNS	Folks went west , and often were never seen again .
tr	NNS	The two louts ' cameras flashed the entire time taking one photo after the other .
tr	NNS	There were no signs of forced entry and it looked like whosoever had come here was guided to her bags .
tr	NNS	Its own set-back nostrils help the dog to breathe as it did so .
tr	NNS	" Besides the need for more thespians , that play will also require a greater range in wardrobe than what we currently have , " added Bugs .
tr	NN	For once again the page was wet and glistening and , for this reason it seemed , had stuck to the back of the picture .
tr	NN	The other plant raised its dial to look at them and gently shook it from side to side as if waking up .
tr	NN	A horrible sob escaped my mouth .
tr	NN	" A leader that brings its people to war is a failed leader !
tr	NNS	His kisses continued along my cheeks and my jaw until his fangs found my ear , nipping gently .
tr	NN	' So your ma used to be a servant at the old house then ? '
tr	NNS	The seats around them began to fill .
tr	NN	A few seconds later , an agent announced the back door was unlocked .
tr	NN	A natural leader who has no doubt that he is in charge .
tr	NN	The pyre of Oneness surrounding the lithe figure broiled to the ceiling .
tr	NN	The second year student seemed impressed .
tr	NN	" Your language has taken a downward spiral . "
tr	NNS	Immortal warriors who had seen more centuries than any of us would ever dream of fell before our weapons .
tr	NN	His accent held a trace of something exotic , but she couldn 't place his country of origin .
tr	NNS	" The differences are minor , really .
tr	NNS	The other two ladies in the room faded , as did the sound of voices outside the windows , the sunshine , the fine afternoon .
tr	NN	There was the faint outline of a silver box .
tr	NN	But not even her nerve was equal to this task .
tr	NN	A halo of arrows struck the front and rear tires on the right side of the vehicle .
tr	NN	It 's almost though you were treating me as your daughter , " the veteran politician chose her language deliberately .
tr	NNS	Only being silly with the child , in truth , the items were cheap and could easily be replaced .
tr	NN	She grasped the bed frame to haul herself up , spurred on by the sound of Raoul trying to wrench the doorknob out of its socket .
tr	NNS	The trousers and braces soon dropped to the floor .
tr	NN	The aura of raw power he walked in would make them run away in terror before they even got close .
tr	NN	My partner here is Nathaniel Barnes and we believe it 's time to let everyone in on a little secret .
tr	NNS	The air masks fell from the compartments and food trays threw food in all directions .
tr	NNS	The coaches on their side were pointing at me and gesturing at the referees and I could only guess at what they were saying .
tr	NN	The pipe has a rusty surface , and some cloth had been run over it .
tr	NN	The television was on , tuned to a dead channel , static and hum bars rolling over the screen .
tr	NN	The brunette , who must have been Kelly , grinned .
tr	NN	Instead of white , the van was a charred greyish brown .
tr	NN	His lantern was shining like the horizon over the mountains in different seasons .
tr	NNS	The cabinets were better .
tr	NN	More importantly , the bark of these trees was the best pain reliever in the forest .
tr	NNS	Others could afford to be wrong .
tr	NN	Then a miracle happened .
tr	NNS	The zombies haven 't been very aggressive .
tr	NNS	" Sand rats , Leo , " Jack said .
tr	NN	Part of her screamed for it .
tr	NN	The priest turned to him his eyes glinting , face solemn .
tr	NNS	Although if you 'd suffered in any way , the chains would have told me in a split second .
tr	NN	Her pulse leapt at the sound .
tr	NNS	A few withered blooms still clung to the dried stems , but the magical beauty was gone .
tr	NN	The adrenaline immediately vaporizes and I fall to my knees .
tr	NNS	And what were those wolves you told me about ?
tr	NNS	Looks like a drug overdose .
tr	NNS	Foot patrols , convoys ... they 'd done it all , and done it well .
tr	NNS	There were similar signs everywhere , and big yellow ribbons decorated telephone poles and porch rails and fence posts .
tr	NNS	" The black wolves are about to be released out . "
tr	NN	# The tech glanced around the control room behind her to make sure that her bosses had left the room .
tr	NN	" My condition is reversed .
tr	NN	" And the gas and the brakes , " I say out loud .
tr	NN	The nausea in Harper 's gut reminded him of how he had felt during the infamous press conference .
tr	NN	The fellow scrambled quickly to his feet , flushing brightly .
tr	NNS	There were no guarantees to how his life would play out now .
tr	NN	" No thief ever sleeps more than two hours at a time without going out to look around . "
tr	NN	The bullet hits him in the side .
tr	NNS	The cases came slowly at first .
tr	NNS	Others involved a sensory overload as they forced him to wear a headset that projected virtual screens .
tr	NNS	When he reached the small bend that mostly took him out of sight of anyone looking out the upper windows of the house , the footprints disappeared .
tr	NNS	He heard her sigh , felt the ripples of satisfaction rolling through her body as they took each other .
tr	NN	The priest had retired , as far as priests could retire .
tr	NN	When the woman hesitated , the landlord spat out an amount that made her eyes widen incredulously . " '
tr	NNS	His footsteps grew closer each passing second .
tr	NN	" Ok , that 's the line we take , since there seems no sign of any " someone else " . "
tr	NN	My first instinct was to hurt myself .
tr	NNS	all good teachers feel , if only for a moment or two .
tr	NN	What 's the alphabet soup ? "
tr	NNS	The other cells in the block stood empty .
tr	NNS	The flags were for tourists .
tr	NNS	Doug 's buyers are going to have to spend a fortune bringing the villa up to date .
tr	NNS	The roads look just as bad too . '
tr	NN	The trio quickly exited the truck .
tr	NNS	The mutated cells in my body bounced around as if they were trying to claw their way through my skin .
tr	NNS	Cadmus could see it on my face and nudged me .
tr	NNS	The other prints on the tablet do match those found on the stun gun which injured Peter .
tr	NNS	Others , myself included , had come to seek the wisdom that had once inhabited the island outpost of humanity .
tr	NNS	My practise sessions had enabled me to assist my sword in the battle .
tr	NN	" Maybe a workout will help .
tr	NNS	Reyes had to give her an out .
tr	NN	But there was one glaring , monumental detail that seemed impossible to recall .
tr	NNS	There were signs of activity on the other side too , behind the building .
tr	NN	Roughly fifty meters away . "
tr	NNS	The negotiations , though held in secret , were fairly well along .
tr	NN	Cermak 's garage was dark , as was the top floor of the house .
tr	NNS	Looks like I 'm trying too hard .
tr	NNS	Gold and orange hues suggested it was nearing sunset .
tr	NN	The explorers could not remain among them , nor have children , and the lack of the latter would certainly raise questions .
tr	NN	Sure ' t is always the way . '
tr	NNS	There are so many areas that are unspoiled .
tr	NN	" Your great grandmother was also an Enforcer .
tr	NN	' The software has real substance and the data streams can be so dense you can literally stand on them .
tr	NN	The assault she 'd suffered had left her with something she didn 't want .
tr	NN	Her growling stopped and her bright eyes bored into mine .
tr	NN	" Of course , " the priest said .
tr	NN	" Any damage back there ? "
tr	NN	On the other hand , at least my SPAM filter was working .
tr	NNS	Though he was dressed for work , outward appearances didn 't mean he wasn 't hungover from the night before .
tr	NNS	Indeed , some scholars suggest he had never spent a single day of his adult life out of love .
tr	NN	The scaffolding was keeping a steady swing back and forth , but twisting occasionally as it went .
tr	NNS	My fears from yesterday , about being the object of discussion around the water cooler , seem all too real .
tr	NN	The implication was obvious : She could have killed the man .
tr	NNS	Sugar cookies , the ones with the big crystal droppings .
tr	NN	There was defeat in her tone .
tr	NNS	The creatures howled and jumped on to the submarine , scratching the surface .
tr	NN	" Happy birthday , " said Leonardo to Ezio .
tr	NN	On the colored marble was the insignia of the Augur Collegium : two crossed torches upheld by two hands .
tr	NNS	Soldiers are dumping everything in the harbour .
tr	NNS	Parts of me indeed scream cruelty , for what benevolent creature would put beings whose fates are in his control into these predicaments .
tr	NN	Even though it didn 't have a head , its very posture seemed to be mocking me .
tr	NNS	Bugs shouted as his friend entered .
tr	NN	Otherwise our medical bay is going to be full by the end of the cycle .
tr	NN	Even though sleeping with a man was a dangerous crime her race never committed .
tr	NNS	Things are always so much more entertaining when you 're around . "
tr	NN	The applause reverberated throughout the courtyard .
tr	NNS	Her fears amounted to nothing in this man 's presence .
tr	NNS	" Those pompous schmucks at the party the other night . "
tr	NN	There was a sad tinge to the sound .
tr	NNS	Several pack members asked him about their new arrival .
tr	NN	" Either the mob did it , or Palpatine did . "
tr	NNS	The actors were eating this stuff up .
tr	NN	Our previous treatment of your delegates is a great shame on our people . "
tr	NNS	Things weren 't easy .
tr	NN	Like my demons were staging an assault , staking their claim .
tr	NN	In the spacious tiled foyer , a woman receptionist greeted them from behind the Rococo table that served her as a desk .
tr	NN	" My daddy was a bastard and he made me a bastard . "
tr	NN	The pilot looks in that direction and sees a Russian soldier on an adjacent rooftop with a rocket launcher pointed at them .
tr	NN	His father 's latest divorce settlement had forced him to borrow against the estate , and that meant finding new sources of revenue to cover the debt .
tr	NNS	City restrictions prevented them from being built around Paragon .
tr	NN	" But , my dear mortal , fire cannot harm the gods ... " " Well now , " said Cohen , " that depends , right ?
tr	NN	A faint scratch , scratch sounded , Ainsley setting to work .
tr	NNS	Crime scenes are far less exciting than people think .
tr	NN	His determination to ignore her afterward only made matters worse .
tr	NNS	We all turned slowly toward Lloyd , nearly identical incredulous looks on our faces .
tr	NNS	Girls are so bitchy , especially when they 're a bit jealous of you always being first in the class .
tr	NN	The camp leader picked it up , looked at the caller ID oddly , and then took the call .
tr	NNS	Several wolves howled in the distance .
tr	NNS	When they first arrived on the planet , the media naturally pounced on them like birds of prey .
tr	NN	A giant tail slashed past his legs with a whoosh , and then the thing was gone .
tr	NN	The dragon inspected the surface of the stairs " All frozen up ! "
tr	NN	The gap where the window had once been took up the whole of the front wall .
tr	NNS	The drums resounded across the plain .
tr	NN	" For a good game , the right partner is paramount .
tr	NNS	There were only eight seats , with two on each side and four rows .
tr	NNS	His hopes had shot through the roof with the announcement but his visitor was not Arie .
tr	NNS	The bees are at rest .
tr	NN	A man 's language wasn 't always as simple as it sounded , and she knew exactly what he 'd meant .
tr	NN	At least there 's an afterlife there .
tr	NN	The fellow next to me said , " They 're fishing vessels -- fish and algae collectors .
tr	NNS	The remaining rats have scurried back into the brush .
tr	NN	Some bastard had just tried to kill her and she was going to find who the hell it was .
tr	NN	But there was a new addition to her ensemble .
tr	NN	- Ok , maybe I have just a very weak pulse ?
tr	NNS	Aurelius folded Lok and me away .
tr	NN	So intent was I on Juliet 's efforts that I didn 't notice the approaching footsteps .
tr	NNS	The greens dove into the oceans .
tr	NN	There wasn 't an inch of her body he didn 't desire , from her toes to her eyebrows .
tr	NN	The only other option was to fight and , of course , fighting contained risks for Serenity .
tr	NNS	My sources can tell me little more than that . "
tr	NN	The new arrival moved his arms wildly as he talked to the first man .
tr	NNS	Just before her weekend trip her followers and donations had been a fraction of this .
tr	NNS	" His English skills aren 't very good , are they ? "
tr	NNS	My grandparents , her parents , both died a few years ago , within weeks of each other . "
tr	NN	There 's too much equipment here .
tr	NNS	And those tiny bits of light are moving , breaking apart and coming together .
tr	NNS	Looks like I have to go back today or tomorrow .
tr	NNS	" And so here we are " whispers Dredd into my ear .
tr	NN	There was pink lemonade and a large cake in the shape of a heart .
tr	NN	Would this crushing guilt ever leave me ?
tr	NN	My pulse quickened as he moved his body closer to mine .
tr	NNS	Elias slowly took out his phone and started dialing .
tr	NN	Otherwise , that bastard is going to get away with murder . "
tr	NNS	Maris tried to ease herself away from him so that she could sit up and reach the phone .
tr	NN	The progress she 'd made recently dissolved in a puddle of familiar fear .
tr	NNS	The gates were at least a story high , stretching much higher in spots .
tr	NNS	But the drugs , David 's drugs , made sure I couldn 't .
tr	NN	The meteorite is a fraud .
tr	NNS	When I was seated , the reins firmly in hand , I realized I would be making this trip alone .
tr	NN	Vincent 's dread rose again , but he beat it back .
tr	NN	Her comforter was some sort of white circle pattern and she looked so small in that big queen-sized bed .
tr	NNS	And crows take it all , in all that had happened he had never stopped to consider that Max might have to deceive Gaius 's own wife .
tr	NNS	Burning torches lit up the pool and the surrounding tropical plants gave the garden a manufactured resort atmosphere .
tr	NN	Love stared at Doctor Cooper .
tr	NNS	Words flash across it : RESTRICTED ACCESS .
tr	NN	A grunt of air slid from his lips as he crashed down , impaling himself on his own blade .
tr	NNS	Things I 'd hoped you 'd never have to see .
tr	NN	The snake was back and ready to try again .
tr	NN	The paint was scratched , and some of the squares of gold leaf had been ripped off by the unforgiving trees and bushes along the road .
tr	NN	The Little Spirit 's contribution so far numbered three .
tr	NN	Protect the mate was the instinct that drove all males .
tr	NNS	The clients wanted to add things or move things or change colors .
tr	NN	The ignition clicked , but the engine failed to start .
tr	NN	The team leader finally broke silence : " Twenty seconds .
tr	NNS	Your vital signs indicate that you are lying .
tr	NNS	There were also some bread rolls and a couple of bowls of crisps .
tr	NNS	He placed his head in the hollow and was asleep by the time his eyelids closed .
tr	NNS	Things seem really scary at first , but once you get used to them , they become interesting , even exciting .
tr	NN	This tour was going to be a clean start for me .
tr	NN	The angel was going to shred him to pieces .
tr	NN	Everything was clean , didn ´ t look like someone ´ s been there for a long time .
tr	NNS	Black faux pearls encircled her throat .
tr	NN	The adrenaline pounded in my veins , demanding a release .
tr	NN	Her instinct was to instantly mind link with her baby , but she held it at bay .
tr	NN	A cascade of dark green water seemed to plummet forever until it crashed on the metal promontory , exploding white .
tr	NN	" What was it captain ? "
tr	NN	Almost idly he began to identify those voices .
tr	NNS	Silver squares of ceiling tile , a steel contraption with all kinds of dials and switches and monitors .
tr	NN	And I real y need you to do this for me . "
tr	NNS	But when I shove the front door open , familiar wood floors and rows of wooden benches arranged in a square greet me .
tr	NN	The lettering was red .
tr	NN	Satisfied that the serpent would survive , the hawk flew off for the night .
tr	NNS	A few pirates , standing at the bow , turned to leer at him with hungry eyes .
tr	NN	" Oh , I will , I will , " the young priest vowed .
tr	NN	Storm cleared his throat .
tr	NNS	The tigers stare up at him .
tr	NN	The platinum blond jostled the table , spilling Gia 's glass .
tr	NN	With time , the bastard would get the information out of him anyway .
tr	NNS	Her companions seemed confident .
tr	NN	The van slowed again , swinging to the right .
tr	NN	Hank scratched his head and , gazing at the battlefield surrounding them , inquired doubtfully , " I don 't understand !
tr	NN	Love glanced over at him as he placed the tray down on the coffee table .
tr	NN	Thinking of Dare 's death always had that effect on me .
tr	NNS	" Things seem to be better for you , too . "
tr	NNS	My footsteps crunched and cracked as I stepped upon broken glass and the remains of fast food containers .
tr	NN	The hail that had been hammering the Comet receded then stopped and the fierce winds that had been throwing them about slackened .
tr	NNS	The clients all wanted unique features in their weapons and to customize them like so required top notch skills .
tr	NNS	" Hey , you ladies did a great job last night in the Christmas program , ey !
tr	NNS	With the very first lines , some vague images started flooding Selena 's mind -- vague reflections of memories she couldn 't possibly have .
tr	NNS	Thermal images as the animal went from window to window , pawing and scratching and digging to get in .
tr	NN	Human language , having been invented by humans for the use of humans , was full of little tricky complexities of that sort .
tr	NNS	Then more figures appeared on the deck of the other ship , half veiled by the thick smoke .
tr	NNS	Flowers painted on the walls .
tr	NN	Toward the alcove Ronan had disappeared into .
tr	NNS	Also , all the car batteries will only last a week or two in this cold winter weather before they need electricity to power them back up .
tr	NN	Cutest fucking freckle I 'd ever seen .
tr	NN	The referee stepped between them and ordered Lea to a neutral corner .
tr	NNS	" Well , his footprints are here . "
tr	NN	The mass left damp spots on the shirt .
tr	NN	The thumping sequence , high and low , went right through Aya as she listened with her ears and her body .
tr	NNS	If the clinic uses mind-altering drugs to control their patients , maybe the drugs altered their memories . "
tr	NNS	His antics served to erase his memories and cover the killer inside of him .
tr	NNS	In the span of a few heartbeats , two blue blades lit up the night and carved up the rifles and pistols pointed menacingly at them .
tr	NNS	The gathered associates were tired but excited .
tr	NN	His eyes gleamed , the challenge accepted .
tr	NNS	Animals turned blue and whimpered and died , their eyes bulging and their skin covered over with frost .
tr	NN	A newer Cyclops unit , one with black armor and an infrared sensor eye held up its hand and stopped the groups .
tr	NNS	As far as he was concerned , such legends were competition , and needed to be silenced .
tr	NNS	These fans had more guts than I would have had .
tr	NN	" I think she might 've been hedging her bet , Sweetie " said the lovely blonde Vampire .
tr	NN	" The pilot stayed behind to send a final distress call . "
tr	NNS	Power plays were fun .
tr	NN	The merest flutter of awareness took her by surprise .
tr	NNS	What are the chances that there are more than one way out of the cave ? "
tr	NN	The big , bad angel didn 't want to be within striking distance .
tr	NN	The castle is swarming with the enemy . "
tr	NNS	" So vamps have an infection now ? "
tr	NN	the teacher laughed as Hunter took his seat .
tr	NNS	Words failed me as I stared at the door .
tr	NN	His passion for weather did not include the suns ' ravages of his uncooperative skin .
tr	NN	When a man has the stars in his eyes , legend says he must serve them above all others .
tr	NN	" The notion of a stand-alone wall doesn 't seem to have occurred to any of them .
tr	NNS	Sadness filled her , but it was bittersweet , with a tang of remembered happiness .
tr	NNS	Flowers bloomed in the window boxes .
tr	NNS	The steel tentacles swiftly withdrew .
tr	NN	Her bushy tail still swished back and forth rhythmically while she clicked a clawed finger against her tilted chin .
tr	NNS	There are only so many newspapers that can be printed each day , and they 're allowed to have only so many pages .
tr	NN	" No weekly dinners ? "
tr	NNS	" The visitors will come upstairs , and see you here . "
tr	NNS	My boldness strengthens with each word and I compel my mind to focus on one thing : I must find out if he 's like me .
tr	NN	A redhead stood in the doorway .
tr	NN	" Part of the reason I 'm here is to get on those birth control pills we talked about . "
tr	NN	The redhead was incoherent , sobbing uncontrollably .
tr	NN	Bit weird , really . '
tr	NNS	Vin 's footsteps crackled on broken glass .
tr	NN	And insecurity was as easy to slip on as the freshman fifteen .
tr	NN	The same paint covered the walls .
tr	NN	Vincent 's interruption drew both of our attentions to the doorway .
tr	NNS	Strangers and grease fires flashed through her mind .
tr	NN	Christopher 's bravado disappeared .
tr	NNS	Very pretty landscapes up here , as well as back where we drove up .
tr	NN	Excellent improvement on that stupid paper clip , but , for the hundredth time , Love reckoned they could have at least made it a dog .
tr	NNS	Hands found their way under his tailored suit and lips pressed against his .
tr	NNS	No worries , I 've been sailing since I was ten , and I know boats and the water in Key West well .
tr	NNS	The risks were great .
tr	NNS	" There are no signs of the body , but we 've found evidence that a small boat was beached on the shore recently .
tr	NN	Either option would require a roommate .
tr	NN	Her lack of connections to the outside world told me nobody would miss her if she disappeared .
tr	NN	Soon , all that mattered were the innumerable globular droplets floating past the warning lights outside the bay windows of the waiting area .
tr	NN	The gap was so small that it was barely discernible .
tr	NNS	Then the bird figures broke up with a startling Poof !
tr	NNS	There were no signs of a human there . "
tr	NNS	So many opportunities lost , possibilities denied , and for what ?
tr	NNS	Dark spots of fury floated before his eyes .
tr	NN	" He 's a thug , " the passenger said .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of Amanda took over his mind as he wondered what she was doing right now .
tr	NN	One long , slender , very bare leg stretched out over the rim of a copper slipper tub .
tr	NNS	But trails of bodies only led to more , Death himself lying still upon the ground .
tr	NNS	Finally , his eyelids lowered , blocking out the dim light , and he drifted off to sleep .
tr	NN	" The main cargo bay , " Tabitha 's expression changed .
tr	NNS	The faculties are sub-standard and academic methodology is questionable .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of Ivan Harvey danced inside her head , prancing about like children do in a field of flowers .
tr	NNS	Questions clamored within her .
tr	NN	But as the day wore on , the novelty died , and the Prince returned to brooding upon his situation .
tr	NN	The sergeant handed over a signed travel authorization and told him to take one of the jeeps parked in front of the headquarters .
tr	NNS	The rites of mourning and the solace we find in the habits and customs of our faith .
tr	NNS	But there were differences , too .
tr	NNS	But appearances , she knew , were deceiving .
tr	NNS	There were no particular markings either , no obvious affiliation with any of the warring super powers .
tr	NNS	" Your Highness , we 're ready to take off .
tr	NN	Love shrugged off his Donegal and laid it on a spare chair .
tr	NNS	Then members of our party will think you are crazy and leave . "
tr	NN	" No offense , Dad , I don 't want the life you gave me .
tr	NN	The leader turned and then all five stopped .
tr	NN	My mommy draws here , and me and Elizabeth dance . "
tr	NN	Row upon row of metal containers stretched as far as he could see , fading away into a shadowy mist in the distance .
tr	NN	His draws on her neck ceased and she removed her fangs at the same time .
tr	NN	But the trick is to know which one had us and which one has your dad . "
tr	NNS	These illustrations are good .
tr	NN	A pretty receptionist smiled as they approached .
tr	NN	The cool liquid relieving my ache reminded me of my revelation in the bathroom .
tr	NN	Her grandmother whispered a prayer , but Karen couldn 't understand all the words .
tr	NNS	But there are ancient , sly Immortals who have mastered the art of deception and bending others to their ways . "
tr	NN	The moonlight streaming through the floor-to-ceiling windows bathed the room in an ethereal light .
tr	NN	The desktop was clear of any staplers , telephones or other heavy objects .
tr	NN	Sure enough , about ten feet ahead , a large clump of rhododendron bushes rustled , and two giants stepped around it .
tr	NNS	And maybe magical elves might spring from the fireplace and fill the stockings .
tr	NNS	Then from the sickening green light that surrounded everything , two figures emerged .
tr	NNS	The cushions were plump yet firm , allowing the occupant to sink in but remain supported .
tr	NN	Jazz let out a long breath and closed her eyes .
tr	NN	The divorce he 'd promised her would never happen .
tr	NN	Lori 's enthusiastic greeting yanked Nicola out of her forbidden thoughts .
tr	NN	" What 's your theory ? "
tr	NNS	A few visitors saw the movement and gasped .
tr	NNS	Words squeezed past the heart bobbing in her throat .
tr	NNS	Those dark strands shouldn 't have felt like teasing caresses , but they did , and again , I cursed my strange reaction to him .
tr	NN	And the town whistle stopped at the same time . "
tr	NN	A black Jeep was waiting for us on the runway .
tr	NNS	The black wolf was clearly the leader and two other , bigger , stronger wolves flanked him .
tr	NNS	All my thrashing did was to rub him against me in the most erotic way - which was why I kept doing it .
tr	NN	Suddenly all ease evaporated , suspicion flaring in eyes that slammed back into hers .
tr	NN	" Well the other option is a pitched battle outside , and assuming we win we 'll have a dozen bodies to hide .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared , as if he were testing the air .
tr	NN	The décor was casual New England , with formica tables , a tile floor , and a long counter stretching across the back .
tr	NN	A tractor might have made it over but our bus would likely not .
tr	NNS	As if on cue , footsteps echoed from a hallway , along with the sound of scuffling .
tr	NN	The hunger and isolation played her , you know , just ate away at her .
tr	NNS	She gulps another scoop of ice cream , swallows , then says , " What would It 's Time to Push Our Comfort Zone be ? "
tr	NN	A roar confirmed that we were looking in the right direction .
tr	NN	Our teacher was passionate and intense , but he wasn 't unkind .
tr	NNS	" Oh , and delicious ones ; two Hunters , no less , " the creatures looks at Will with a mixture of puzzlement and surprise .
tr	NN	His teacher brought his attention back to class with a rap on his desk with a long pointer stick .
tr	NNS	The roads are getting worse . "
tr	NN	Sibyl 's belly dropped .
tr	NN	The sheriff looked down at the two large blood stains on the driveway , then at Daniel and ran after him .
tr	NN	A thin layer of smoke hung in the air causing both to cough as they reentered , adjusting to the new atmosphere .
tr	NNS	Things I have said or done will make sense to you then . "
tr	NN	The senator had lost Rachel 's years ago , but he was quickly gaining the country 's .
tr	NNS	Her movements were jerky with agitation as she slid off the bed and walked to the window .
tr	NNS	Moses ignored the question when he replied : " I 'm getting stronger .
tr	NN	A second nameless warrior smiles at me .
tr	NN	My uncle ought to take action .
tr	NNS	Questions I don 't think you really want the answers to . "
tr	NNS	Book stalls were of particular note .
tr	NNS	Even now , clients still managed to surprise her .
tr	NN	No good deed truly goes unpunished .
tr	NNS	Luckily , our drinks arrived then .
tr	NNS	Girls tend to do that a lot when they get together .
tr	NN	Part of it is that I knew Delilah and it 's always difficult to lose someone you know .
tr	NNS	" Actually , my instincts got you stabbed , not your majestic tutelage . "
tr	NNS	Hands that you will reach for in the middle of the night when you know full well that what you are reaching for isn 't there .
tr	NN	A great chorus of approval rose from the crowd .
tr	NNS	Reyes touched down in the middle of the living room .
tr	NNS	Aris opened up more every day , letting her into his past , his mind , his business .
tr	NNS	The images on the monitors showed several trucks overflowing with wolves coming onto the property .
tr	NN	Like a whisper , a low growl rises in the vicinity of his throat .
tr	NNS	" What have the scans shown ? "
tr	NN	With no light and no gravity , chaos reigned aboard the Vampire asteroid .
tr	NN	This conflict led to the adoption of the military draft system .
tr	NNS	Her actions had skewered into his very identity , which had already been compromised from birth by her influence .
tr	NNS	The seals on their right arms faded until they were no longer visible from underneath the fabric of their clothes .
tr	NNS	Old trailers and cabins were still standing , and useful for cover .
tr	NNS	Seeing thousands of dragons was not going to make this any easier .
tr	NN	That vow , and the book , has cursed our family for generations . "
tr	NN	But the proof was unmistakable .
tr	NN	On the ground , next the van was mass of clothing .
tr	NNS	Those abilities you lost haven 't belonged to you for most of your life .
tr	NNS	Bright colors bore down all around them , and in the distance , the sounds of children playing superhero filled the air .
tr	NN	The beak had driven straight for her eyes .
tr	NN	The majority of them also believed her to be their sole creator upon her arrival .
tr	NN	But his concentration on his wife and child was total .
tr	NN	Nausea swirled in her stomach .
tr	NN	Where was the limit ?
tr	NN	When the bolt slammed shut with an iron clang , a roar shook the heavy oak door almost from its hinges .
tr	NN	The grove was still full of its iridescent fruit but now he perceived that there was a slow continual movement .
tr	NNS	The Officials that stand among us , Nicky explains , are their allies .
tr	NN	" Yes , yes , " the knight said quickly .
tr	NN	The light streaming down from the skylight in the roof , five stories up , cast a weak illumination on the center of the floor .
tr	NNS	Sadness flickered briefly in his eyes and was gone .
tr	NN	There is no Light in the West .
tr	NN	The werewolf enjoyed his violence and death too much for that .
tr	NNS	Psychic hits are great .
tr	NNS	Sadness showed in the Ageless ' eyes .
tr	NNS	The gears in my mind grind slowly .
tr	NN	The troll wavered in the air as if he was drunk and forgot how to stand , as the gargoyle circled the arena .
tr	NNS	The second stage symptoms included leg aches and the legs and arms turned inward .
tr	NN	" There 's an ancient legend about those mountains .
tr	NN	The pot settled beside a log in a puddle of muddy , hissing ashes .
tr	NN	" Long trip , " the pilot said .
tr	NN	" Where is the ambassador ?
tr	NN	My inability to gather up the courage to submit my portfolio to the Fine Arts school .
tr	NNS	" Help me ... " Genevieve begged ; her sobs filled Cassidy 's ears .
tr	NNS	Noah 's mattress creaks as he rolls and throws his arms out as if he 's searching for something .
tr	NNS	The cameras clicked away as they were instructed to move into various positions .
tr	NN	" That info could have been useful a few hours ago . "
tr	NNS	When I get to the parking lot there are two other patrons gassing up .
tr	NNS	But the intruder 's actions caused a brief squeal of surprise .
tr	NNS	Cursive letters ran across the pages .
tr	NN	But so far the dragon hadn 't come back .
tr	NNS	Anyway , the cottages are two bedroom and really complete living units , as Alice can confirm .
tr	NNS	Its members are turning against one another , wolves attacking their own pack .
tr	NNS	Things are gon na get really bad any second . "
tr	NNS	Cassius prepared himself for the arrival of the others .
tr	NN	Any other vote would have those other four conspiring to take me off of the leadership of the board . "
tr	NNS	The nurses kept their distance from Rose .
tr	NN	The oracle had specifically stated that he needed to find the last abode of Darian the Seer .
tr	NN	A chorus of horns and music blared , along with singing and chanting .
tr	NNS	Bottles shook his head .
tr	NN	The small canine expanded rapidly to the size of a horse .
tr	NNS	My efforts at being diplomatic had at least a small effect and the tension between the two visibly lessened .
tr	NN	When I inquired about the child , the neighbor told me Ellen was eight when her grandmother died . "
tr	NN	Its peak rose like a cone , high into the sky , tapering off into a wavering streak that stretched far up into the stratosphere .
tr	NN	Additionally , the government of Guinea-Bissau is calling for his deportation to their country for a murder trial .
tr	NNS	The signs had been there , but I 'd been too blind to see them , and once again she 'd nearly paid the price .
tr	NNS	This one selling fabrics said to come from Assyria .
tr	NNS	Three screens in front of Bern showed the inside of Bug 's digital jungle lair in all its glory .
tr	NNS	The directors sat as if stunned .
tr	NNS	" But the operations manager job ... you 're still taking resumes and the interviews start next week .
tr	NN	Maybe your pal is one of the not so bright ones .
tr	NNS	The figures were staggering .
tr	NN	All her nerve ends seemed to be humming in vibrant anticipation of more and more stimulation .
tr	NN	Jared 's clear disregard only served to exacerbate my growing impatience with him .
tr	NNS	The twins entered the room , still screaming my name .
tr	NN	The lieutenant scanned his audience .
tr	NN	A sob answered him .
tr	NN	Her veil caused a little interference , but the message was brief .
tr	NNS	" Souls don 't oscillate the way they do here .
tr	NNS	Bugs , it seemed , got through .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of death were not morose , even in the context of the splendour of the rising sun .
tr	NN	The dossier said little about Ray .
tr	NN	A light hail of shots cracked the remaining glass .
tr	NNS	My professors were very gracious considering all that had happened to me .
tr	NN	My nerve failed at the last moment , and I wore the engagement ring .
tr	NNS	Others , like twins , feel each others burdens and sense each other more fully because they allow their love to connect them .
tr	NNS	If I stand trial , chances are they 'll leave my mother and sisters alone . "
tr	NNS	Looks like we opened up an exit point that had been closed for about five decades . "
tr	NNS	The other attendants might well resent this odd man out , so part of our advance planning must be to establish where his duties began and ended .
tr	NNS	Twenty-five elevators can lift a destroyer off a planet with specific gravity of 1.0 .
tr	NN	There 's probably cocaine on them .
tr	NNS	His siblings looked at him as he marched toward them .
tr	NN	My birthday was like two weeks ago already . "
tr	NNS	My surroundings look shaky and pixelated , as if rendered from someone 's personal videos .
tr	NN	Without warning , the incoming mob picked up speed .
tr	NNS	Things might get very complicated otherwise . "
tr	NNS	The footsteps soon turn to drag marks , as if whoever it was could no longer hold his own weight .
tr	NNS	Her talons bit into him , digging through his cloak .
tr	NN	" The leader of the pack would be Kali .
tr	NN	Then the canoe usually twists its way free and rolls onto the ground .
tr	NNS	At last , near dusk , the gates of the town opened and a delegation of a dozen men strode forth .
tr	NNS	Thoughts come and go randomly at times .
tr	NN	His pulse increases against my palm .
tr	NNS	Their tongues collided together , stroking and plunging deep .
tr	NNS	" If those ghosts start appearing again , Mat ... . "
tr	NN	The bullet went through , and nicked the spinal cord .
tr	NNS	Others had tales that she was eternal , godly , while others said she was pure malefic , associated with the devil himself .
tr	NN	" Why remove this sentence ? "
tr	NNS	Guns were not Callum 's thing .
tr	NN	The pulse in his neck quickened .
tr	NNS	Are there figures of her out there like that ?
tr	NN	But there was honor .
tr	NN	" I want you to go very slowly , " the medic cautioned .
tr	NNS	His wrists look nak * d .
tr	NN	The lead agent considered the president 's command for a heartbeat , and then sprang into action .
tr	NNS	Were there no limits to what the old bastard might do ?
tr	NN	" You 're still in school , " Chance pointed out .
tr	NN	With a guide , the route was relatively easy .
tr	NNS	In another flash , both rats lay dead .
tr	NN	There was a large open hood to protect my head from the elements or prying eyes .
tr	NNS	The cases were full and off to the warehouse , where they 'd be picked up and shipped overnight around Seoul .
tr	NN	" I had to make up for your small penis somehow , " The Author said , " Now stop complaining and move that thing ! "
tr	NNS	Things were a little clearer now for Albert .
tr	NNS	These creatures destroyed entire villages and turned innocent people into their kind .
tr	NNS	Barnabas chuckled , " Today , there are no apologies needed , especially since you are going to make me a lot of gold .
tr	NN	" There 's an oil lamp on that table . "
tr	NNS	Heavens to Betsy finishes , and we head home .
tr	NNS	Things done for pleasure or relaxation weren 't events she attended at all .
tr	NN	A total genius , " she said , her pretty face glowing with gratitude .
tr	NNS	Because emergency exits lock behind you .
tr	NN	Ok , and this was my cue to leave .
tr	NNS	Waves of nausea passed over him , and he labored to fight them off .
tr	NN	His flat-screen TV and Xbox were on a walnut and glass stand , and an open box of DVDs lay directly beneath .
tr	NN	But a poet , I am not .
tr	NN	Could a Civil War of such magnitude possibly ever happen today ?
tr	NN	But the perpetrator will have left behind signs they were here .
tr	NN	Then , seeing Ezio turn on him , the corporal backed away , his mouth slavering , until the wall behind him arrested his retreat .
tr	NN	" Insurance fraud rates a special agent ? "
tr	NN	" She is boring up , " realized the first mate .
tr	NNS	At this hour of the morning the baths would be nearly empty .
tr	NNS	And , when it is retrograde , the gaps are usually spotty , or isolated to specific events .
tr	NNS	" Then why did his goons threaten me if I didn 't disappear ?
tr	NNS	Even pulled from sleep , his instincts were immediate and alert .
tr	NN	" Let 's have a look again on the back porch , " the sheriff said .
tr	NNS	Two dimly lit light bulbs hung nakedly from the ceiling , casting faint illumination through the darkness .
tr	NNS	Inside the shop were blades displayed in deadly fans of gold and steel and silver .
tr	NNS	He bit her shoulder , nipped her neck before returning to her ear , his whispers feverish .
tr	NNS	The wolves would have run on ahead , leaving her to catch up later , but I didn 't like the idea of abandoning her .
tr	NN	And then the little Skype icon on my computer screen dinged .
tr	NN	Her delicate tissue pulsed , like wearing a hat all day .
tr	NNS	" And what are the other council members saying about this ? "
tr	NN	A trickle of nerves had started in her stomach .
tr	NNS	At least his supplies had dried and he was able to start a fire of an evening .
tr	NNS	" There are many teachers in the Temple colonnades .
tr	NN	" The scar 's not a big deal . "
tr	NNS	Runes along its side prevented corrosion and chipping and ensured it never needed sharpening .
tr	NN	There was a pavilion that was for the chief and his court and a few elders that were close to him .
tr	NNS	His kisses awoke her otherwise dormant subconscious .
tr	NNS	The yelling increases and then the door bangs and another loud voice announces my sister Stacy 's arrival , with at least two of her children .
tr	NN	The man 's eyes rolled upward , his bleary gaze finally focusing .
tr	NNS	The blades of grass , and wild flowers , swayed beneath the soft breeze that trickled over them .
tr	NN	At my request , the healer had long since visited his house to remove the stitches and even before that he was not wearing the bandages .
tr	NNS	Two varsity sports are probably enough to give anyone a body like a Greek god , but he also has the face to match .
tr	NN	In the center of the area , there is a fire pit with a makeshift hob built over the top of it and a blackened pot .
tr	NNS	Werewolves tend to take blue-collar jobs in their human lives , though some of them parlay those jobs into business empires .
tr	NNS	There were two major differences to this coaster , however .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately their classmates were much harder to read than fables .
tr	NN	But the dread he felt now was different .
tr	NNS	" Things rarely look better in the morning , but at least you have more energy to deal with them .
tr	NN	There was a hesitation that signaled irritation .
tr	NN	Any damage we do will , in any case , be minimal . "
tr	NNS	There weren 't any burns on his body .
tr	NNS	Reyes pulled her into his arms to steady her .
tr	NNS	Cassius was nowhere to be found .
tr	NN	If nothing else , this crisis had brought them closer together .
tr	NN	The crop was ripe .
tr	NNS	Shouts came from the end of the street .
tr	NNS	Only the human races are Blood , and only the Blood has the power to use Craft . "
tr	NN	A first aid kit down to a single pill of Advil .
tr	NNS	The icy peaks of northern Hate and Fear had given way to rolling plans in the south-central region of the Hate domain .
tr	NN	Suddenly the audience watching her back isn 't nearly so unsettling as the one maiden by her side .
tr	NNS	Her enlarged pupils and inability to focus on anything lets me know it 's time to get her out of her .
tr	NNS	My wrists pull apart as the bond is cut , and I rub the spot where the restraints have left my skin raw .
tr	NNS	Only bright neon colors would do .
tr	NNS	Others outright ogled her .
tr	NN	Her blasphemy had touched his most profound doubts .
tr	NNS	Maks feigned drunkenness and remained still in the bed .
tr	NNS	" Then why do your leaders not declare war on them now ? "
tr	NNS	Their stone cold expressions meant business .
tr	NNS	The villagers say he is of uncertain parentage .
tr	NNS	The letters looked vaguely familiar .
tr	NN	Nasty , sneering , revealing anger and even hate .
tr	NN	Had some illness taken her ?
tr	NN	" Mairi 's bitchy supervisor is heading this way . "
tr	NN	His kilt rumpled across his knees , the hem caught on a scar she 'd seen when Mrs. Chase had lifted it .
tr	NN	His bearing snapped military straight and his aristocratic nose lifted .
tr	NN	The panel flashed and the large doors slid open .
tr	NN	The same beefy footman emerged , this time carrying a man out over his shoulder .
tr	NN	The staff sergeant responded , " We was driving in from the DP camp when our jeep hit a wire stretched across the road .
tr	NN	I ' l show her in four days , when we meet up . '
tr	NNS	The red and orange petals were vibrant against my ivory skin , almost on fire .
tr	NNS	Lights blurred past me so fast that I shouldn 't have been able to control my body .
tr	NN	While I was finishing up fall semester , the dance studio came together .
tr	NNS	You see what 's happening , but before you can say , " No , no , " the spaghetti ends up in the hair .
tr	NN	But the way the spark between us has lessened ... " Yeah , well .
tr	NN	Reality took a bite out of the moment .
tr	NN	The shield was helping , but it wasn 't going to be enough to make the landing comfortable or painless .
tr	NN	The gentleman who lives at the address we are to visit is a member of a prestigious social circle .
tr	NN	The pen didn 't move below me .
tr	NNS	At regular intervals , about four inches apart , there were metal bars running from the brickwork above down to the outside windowsill .
tr	NN	A low growl emanated inside my chest .
tr	NN	" I often wonder that myself , " said the policeman .
tr	NN	The explanation had to be in her hand .
tr	NN	The demand flustered her .
tr	NNS	Back in 1973 , members of the American Indian movement waged a bloody siege with the FBI in Wounded Knee , South Dakota .
tr	NN	There was a slit on her throat , still open , with water pouring forth instead of blood .
tr	NN	Her kidnapper had spoken in a hoarse whisper .
tr	NN	His greatest difficulty could however come in the form of not being found .
tr	NNS	The warriors began chanting the mantra in deafening repetition .
tr	NN	No offense , yours is lovely and all . "
tr	NNS	Cars , people , and bikes made their way around us .
tr	NN	The sponge must have fallen off .
tr	NN	" Matt 's treatment was expensive .
tr	NN	Hopefully , our antiseptic will kill the foreign microbes .
tr	NN	" Or a plant -- a way to try and frame someone , " said Greene .
tr	NN	The robe vanished in a little puff of smoke .
tr	NN	The bullet had no effect .
tr	NN	But our exchange would have been the same with or without the presence of the old man .
tr	NN	The cockpit filled with hot , yellow light .
tr	NN	The lodge was now the logical place to report to .
tr	NN	The other option is for Ms. Morris to resign her position .
tr	NNS	Section kitchens were the same all over the City .
tr	NN	Above the sideboard a shield crashed and clattered to the floor , its tinny sound echoing down the corridor .
tr	NNS	Black spots begin to dance before my eyes .
tr	NN	Her disgust didn 't improve when Grave ran an eye over her body .
tr	NN	How is basketball still so important to you ? "
tr	NN	The deity demands it of him , not through words or gestures , but through the seduction of his desire for power .
tr	NNS	Could the black creatures have him ?
tr	NNS	His pupils dilated as he stared at her .
tr	NN	The referee put his arms in the air and crossed them .
tr	NNS	Sure enough , slow , methodical footsteps echoed through the room .
tr	NNS	My associates made certain of it .
tr	NN	The peace committee felt the warmth of their atoms beginning to speed up and then suddenly it was done .
tr	NN	In less than a year , the spoiled brat had become a one-woman wrecking team .
tr	NNS	Tonight , there were no dance cards .
tr	NN	A vanity with a chair next to an armoire Brenda had bought years ago .
tr	NNS	Things were bad enough .
tr	NN	The exhaled puff of white drifted out past the point where his black boots were propped on the rail and faded into the late April night .
tr	NN	In the confined space of the car , the electricity hummed powerfully .
tr	NNS	Binky 's nostrils flared .
tr	NNS	Gramps pushes his way through the haze .
tr	NNS	The ruins of the most celebrated temple in Greek history moved me deeply .
tr	NNS	" The vegetables are growing stronger because of Brother Leo who has years of experience in agriculture .
tr	NN	And if so , why didn 't the pilot report it ?
tr	NN	" Child , " Carlisle said , " wil you surrender to us ?
tr	NNS	There were wood slats for ventilation , and a few were off kilter .
tr	NN	In the front yard stood a new sign that read -- House for Sale , Cheap .
tr	NN	Their morning ritual had fascinated Nemo and he started to echo their movements .
tr	NNS	The second round fights were some of the most competitive Connor had seen .
tr	NN	The pond , she thought , bringing back a horde of memories all in a flash .
tr	NN	The TV wasn 't really heavy , so Lea had no problem carrying it around .
tr	NNS	Werewolves could recover from damn near anything but fire and silver , and their supernatural healing was a lot slower in the sunlight .
tr	NNS	There were no other leads , you see , and they had interrogated me dozens of times after the murder .
tr	NN	A flutter of nerves settled in the pit of her stomach in response to his closeness .
tr	NN	Another dart shot into the chair as I crossed into the kitchen , but the darts weren 't strong enough to penetrate my protective seating .
tr	NNS	With a closer look Beth asked , " Your motor functions are no longer operative , are they . "
tr	NNS	His shivering servants made themselves cocoa and took their frozen feet back to bed .
tr	NNS	The dancers make six lines on stage right and start turning and leaping across the floor while Kevin claps the beat .
tr	NN	Her family 's rank made her attractive to the Belmont 's ... or Lady Belmont rather .
tr	NNS	Things are getting out of control , and it threatens the safety of everyone .
tr	NN	Not that whispering was going to do them any good .
tr	NN	A kitten , dead for decades , showed its teeth and clawed the glass .
tr	NNS	Everyday activities , but simply being alone with him was enough .
tr	NNS	All Riddick 's flight members had blatant tells , yet none of them seemed to be aware of this .
tr	NNS	His chances of hailing a taxi much less getting them to escort him places were slim to none .
tr	NN	All around me , the marble of the mausoleum took on even sharper , harsher mutters .
tr	NN	His tail jerked backward and poised at Annabelle 's throat , cutting into one of the puncture wounds .
tr	NNS	Lights began using magic to try to tame the fires , but Dark fires took a lot of power to tame .
tr	NNS	Sure enough , two mothers saw me and moved their children away while the young man behind the counter gulped and stared .
tr	NNS	" My apologies , Mistress , but I don 't want you to know me . "
tr	NN	Only twenty eight when they had found him dead on the beach , a hose pipe stuck into the exhaust of his car .
tr	NNS	White tigers only exist because of a rare and recessive allele in the Bengal tiger 's gene pool .
tr	NN	" A flaming cat ? "
tr	NNS	The vamps were clearly in touch with their predatory instincts - and they acted on them .
tr	NN	" The administrator tells me your father is Senator Sexton ? "
tr	NNS	There 's signs of another person , dent in the pillow , strands of hair , some other trace evidence .
tr	NN	Longer range and greater accuracy almost never came out of the same hand .
tr	NNS	" Well , emeralds often are . "
tr	NNS	" The pills may be knocking you out , but you aren 't getting the real rest that your senses need .
tr	NNS	His thumbs brushed under her eyes like he had done when she had woken up from her nightmare on the couch .
tr	NNS	Slowly , the Club members got up .
tr	NN	There was the clang of metal on metal .
tr	NNS	Samuels brushed a hand over his face .
tr	NN	The cape isn 't up to much either . '
tr	NN	The security panel flashed green .
tr	NN	* It is not quite the same web , * the spider admitted reluctantly .
tr	NNS	There were thousands upon thousands of them .
tr	NN	With that , Brice 's pal took off running .
tr	NN	Often , a drunken warrior , would reach for his weapon , only find it missing .
tr	NN	A faint stirring passed through his entire body ending in his crotch .
tr	NN	My first instinct was to say okay .
tr	NNS	What are my resources ?
tr	NNS	Jackson 's muscled forearms looked strong and powerful as he rested them on the breakfast table , leaning towards me .
tr	NNS	Alexis became impatient and walked to the front door and looked outside .
tr	NN	" What was the map reference ? "
tr	NN	The underlying fragrance of pumpkin and pecan pie was still palpable as they 'd been baked that morning .
tr	NN	My little angel sits now on my shoulder screaming into my ear .
tr	NNS	His temples were throbbing .
tr	NN	A large bouquet of fresh flowers sat on a mantel above a stone fireplace .
tr	NNS	Ash 's servants had packed up everything else .
tr	NN	His isolation of a kelp neurotoxin made the people even more cautious .
tr	NNS	His fingernails cut deep into my arm and I felt them tearing open my skin , gouging out considerable amounts of flesh .
tr	NNS	The other defenders surrendered their weapons .
tr	NNS	" Looking back on it now , " Brian concluded , " those pills did one thing , and one thing only .
tr	NNS	Spirit users were good at reading subtle cues from people , with Sonya being one of the best .
tr	NNS	Soft , gentle kisses turned into firm sucks and light nips as I felt his hands traveling north on my inner thighs in a slow torturous ascent .
tr	NNS	A few areas have power from power plants that had no one left to shut them off .
tr	NN	Maybe this medicine was so strong that she didn 't feel anything .
tr	NN	The committee stayed behind but told us to keep them updated of all our activities .
tr	NNS	The footprints led directly to the fence before they stopped .
tr	NNS	The symptoms were easy to identify -- blurred vision , slurred speech , and going from icy cold to burning hot .
tr	NNS	Two figures suddenly appeared at a window .
tr	NNS	My instincts shout for me to jump out of the truck and run through the desert back to the apartment , far , far away from her .
tr	NNS	Despite the blanket between her body and the wooden bed , sharp straws dug into her flesh whenever she even considered shifting into a different position .
tr	NNS	Large white flakes drifted past the window , obscuring his view of the outside .
tr	NN	And then the pond erupted in the most hideous croaking chorus that could be imagined .
tr	NN	In the bedroom was a hidden safe , standard with all the units and he took from it a fire proof lock box .
tr	NNS	The twins stepped out of the shadows next to the flames , one of them leaning heavily against the other .
tr	NN	So that even if she walks out of our uncle 's dungeon one day , she ' l just be a walking corpse .
tr	NN	The deputy looked down at her , his handsome face stark and austere .
tr	NN	" So the press release is tomorrow , which means that we will be officially be engaged to each other . "
tr	NNS	Over the first four full cycles , six pirates died from accidents .
tr	NNS	Images flash through my mind of what I 'd seen in the Colonies when Day and I first ventured into their territory .
tr	NNS	All scenes and events within these pages have been an invention of the author 's imagination , and to his knowledge never occurred in reality .
tr	NNS	Maks could hear the driver telling the watchman they needed water .
tr	NN	My reflection stared back .
tr	NNS	Some situations called for one , some for another .
tr	NN	The sub was now very close , lights shining into the porthole windows .
tr	NN	They had been assigned to the Interim Centre , the specially set up quarters for the Nazi victims .
tr	NN	The complicating factor was Kurt Vetter .
tr	NN	This scenario was worse than any he could have imagined himself .
tr	NN	A hunk of ice the size of a baseball smashed into the windshield , sending cracks racing toward the four corners .
tr	NNS	The edges of her voice had been rubbed thin by anxiety .
tr	NNS	The two opponents circled each other slowly , the rain now heavy and making the ground slick and treacherous .
tr	NNS	Dan 's immediate relatives took part in formal Buddhist rituals .
tr	NNS	Chills rolled down my spine as I forged ahead .
tr	NN	The hostile foliage seems to dare him to come closer as it returns to its passive stance , waiting for its next victim .
tr	NN	But there was no other explanation for the way he 'd been feeling since Belinda had departed .
tr	NN	Sometimes , that sympathy turned into my own bout of puking my guts up .
tr	NNS	Hands , claws , tentacles , and less recognizable things clutched at them from the broken scabs of rock that composed the surface of the lake .
tr	NN	The hunter that had plagued the coven for years was in his arms , and he would take the opportunity to drain him from the neck .
tr	NNS	" Things that I hoped would convince you I 'd be a good stepdad . "
tr	NN	But after eating a few brains , The Master seemed well restored , nearly as good as ever .
tr	NN	The baron simply laughed at him .
tr	NN	" My friend Ella needs an appointment with you .
tr	NN	A grinding roar made him jump to his feet .
tr	NNS	Her hunger pangs were getting stronger with every passing minute and she was eager to raid the refrigerator .
tr	NNS	Romulus whipped the torch around toward the entrance .
tr	NNS	As directed from above , the technicians cleaned one floor at a time , beginning with the fourth .
tr	NN	The widow followed at once , with Radcliffe right behind her .
tr	NNS	My footsteps were light when I moved back to the table .
tr	NN	A fan of spunky women , gorgeous guys , and super-hot romance , Clare spends most of her time lost in books .
tr	NN	Mort Keller was finishing his Ph.D. at Berkeley and didn , t have time for nonsense like this .
tr	NN	And so our race began . "
tr	NN	The chewing and casual exchange of snatches of conversation filled the little house .
tr	NNS	' The trip preparations were flawless .
tr	NNS	Many notable medieval philosophers and modern philosophers have developed arguments for and against the existence of God .
tr	NNS	Our hopes are that they 'll investigate your stand-in , and come to the conclusion that you are not the one they seek .
tr	NNS	The followers of Christ were witness to his miracles , to his sacrifice and to his resurrection .
tr	NN	This condition in turn triggers the process of becoming once again , producing a renewed cycle of birth , old age , and death .
tr	NNS	Faint figures moved in the corners of his vision while the landscape was blurred and unfocused .
tr	NNS	Our glows began to fade , like fire banked for the night .
tr	NNS	' The possibilities are breathtaking !
tr	NN	And Chernobyl 's toxic plume had circled the globe .
tr	NN	Your aura is so beautiful and your face is a thing of wonder .
tr	NNS	The edges are like tiny razor blades .
tr	NN	Chance reached for his coat .
tr	NNS	Also , there are still many villages left up north .
tr	NN	" How 's your sister faring ? "
tr	NN	By now , he reminded himself , his lord could be a thousand miles away , and Liam might never find him .
tr	NNS	Most travelers I meet only go one way .
tr	NNS	Chills run down my arms .
tr	NN	The strip turned out more electric blue than I thought it would .
tr	NNS	Romulus might get them out of jams , but he got them into just as many .
tr	NN	A neighbor had heard the shot and called the police , and when he heard the sirens he ran back to my parent 's room .
tr	NNS	Standard defenses should keep them from climbing the cliff face , but that will turn their attentions toward another route ; the road .
tr	NN	The jagged scar along his cheek stood out starkly .
tr	NN	The fur she wore was threadbare and the clothes underneath weren 't suitable for traveling in such cold .
tr	NN	Fresh paint and smoke also helped mask Elizabeth 's scent .
tr	NNS	Your ancestors worshipped them , built monuments like theirs , dressed in their honor , wrote things down as they did . "
tr	NN	The gasping had subsided , but Harriet knew there was someone outside the door , most likely sitting against it , catching his breath .
tr	NNS	" I don 't hear anything , " the twins said together .
tr	NNS	The ladies come out and I explain what 's happening .
tr	NNS	His actions and words all week had pointed to the fact that he was interested in me .
tr	NNS	The stakes in this war have been upped .
tr	NNS	The winds whipped around her , cyclonic and steady .
tr	NN	A great fold of grey flesh , shaped like a sail , briefly parted the waters .
tr	NN	The rope creaked as it tightened .
tr	NNS	Warrior lands on Lance 's back .
tr	NN	The leader waved the others off , and they wisely retreated .
tr	NN	The offense on his face was deep .
tr	NNS	I tied my still wet hair back in a rudimentary plait , brushed my teeth , and hobbled downstairs , crutch free .
tr	NNS	The bulbs are out , pulsing hot .
tr	NNS	Are identical twins , triplets or quadruplets less human than other humans ?
tr	NNS	The ships ' grubby furled sails rippled slightly in the wind .
tr	NN	His teacher still hadn 't said anything to him .
tr	NNS	Things might get a little worse for you if you don 't stick close to us .
tr	NNS	On the walls , paintings of Revolutionary War battles hung .
tr	NN	Every inch of him screamed that he should run .
tr	NN	" My publisher found out their schedule and thought it would be important to testify to them . "
tr	NNS	Romulus rolled over on his back .
tr	NN	" Well go on , " the lively maid who followed Link to the room urges happily .
tr	NNS	" A duchess carrying garlic .
tr	NN	The Wexford cottage with blue-gray cedar siding and a bright red door , stood out among the neighboring houses like a jewel in a basket of seaweed .
tr	NN	Although it was easier for us to move through the crowd -- our ' celebrity status ' lent us the Moses effect .
tr	NNS	Things are getting worse daily , and now we are simply trying to avert the crisis . "
tr	NN	Her description of hyperspace was identical to what I 'd experienced today .
tr	NNS	The spaghetti was ready and so was the sauce .
tr	NN	Part of her didn 't mind the idea .
tr	NNS	" Our experiments aren 't for you to be part of . "
tr	NN	Some idiot had left a juice bottle lying on the second step .
tr	NN	The bundle clutched tightly to her breast .
tr	NNS	Continental philosophers also read Plato , Aristotle , Descartes , and Hume , but after Kant they read Hegel and Nietzsche and , of course , Heidegger .
tr	NNS	Only idiots fell in love with handsome strangers -- and was it love ?
tr	NN	Still , Dobson 's tirade was more annoying than anything else , until he went over to the far side of the restaurant .
tr	NN	She actual y walked in the street ? "
tr	NNS	The seamstress tugged on the dress , wrenching the breath from my chest .
tr	NN	Her uncle was vicious but to run her down ?
tr	NNS	" The origins of Damiano 's Disk and the temple itself are hazy to say the least .
tr	NNS	Her fingernails didn 't concern him any more than her heels when she kicked backward .
tr	NNS	Still , despite my attempts to stop it , images of the found skulls entered my mind .
tr	NNS	" No ghosts , " he called to her .
tr	NN	Suddenly the dragon let loose a shrieking cry .
tr	NNS	The edges of the letters start to drip down the glass .
tr	NNS	His own passions were not the easiest for many women to accept .
tr	NN	Its first genetic extinction came early in the formation of the planet .
tr	NNS	No brilliant ideas came to mind .
tr	NN	The bastard was pure evil .
tr	NNS	Chess didn 't move .
tr	NN	A dragon had come from somewhere unknown , and with one mighty breath from its maw set the entire flank of goblins on fire .
tr	NN	The tip of her nose was red , and her green eyes were swollen from the springtime pollen .
tr	NN	The chaplain looked adequately concerned .
tr	NNS	Lots of people would have called it a mumble .
tr	NNS	Murdered ghosts , and all kinds of ghosts , could sort themselves out in future .
tr	NNS	After them came the dancers , who filled the center of the circle of tables with their colorful , swishing scarves .
tr	NNS	" Like my father , the mountain elves have a super strength .
tr	NNS	The cousins watched the next episodes from the Bible with downcast eyes .
tr	NN	In addition , the hunger called to him , a phantom passion from within .
tr	NN	By now , a siren was wailing in the distance , and a group was starting to form around the wrecked car .
tr	NN	Suddenly the television shook on its stand and the air filled with the sound of a large explosion .
tr	NNS	These pills will help . "
tr	NN	' I saw his BMW in the car park , ' Love said .
tr	NNS	The captives flushed with heat and fear .
tr	NN	Her h * ps continued to buck as he pleasured her , wave after wave of sheer ecstasy running through her like a drug .
tr	NN	The sheriff called me the next morning right before seven .
tr	NN	My daddy ran a service station .
tr	NN	The baby-faced bastard had pushed me .
tr	NNS	The other directors laughed , but it was half-hearted , uncomfortable .
tr	NNS	Alors , I wouldn 't worry they are very powerful elves , oui .
tr	NN	Love just shows you the road .
tr	NN	The technique might be the same , but the emotion isn 't . "
tr	NN	" Simple is good , right ? "
tr	NN	" The Tin Egg 's almost totally dependent on computer function .
tr	NN	The doll pointed at Pigeon 's backpack , saluted , fell flat , and wormed under the door .
tr	NN	" But the football player 's mine . "
tr	NN	Logan 's uncle enters and gives a slight wave .
tr	NN	Closed in my apartment , with no possible escape from my reality , all the progress I had so slowly made disappeared in a single moment .
tr	NN	A loud tremor shook the compound from beneath the Hall .
tr	NNS	Are you going to tell me either species is unknown in the publishing world ? "
tr	NN	Selma stood over the stove , her pot simmered with what Amber assumed was tea .
tr	NNS	" Orders are orders , however .
tr	NN	" There 's a snake in the hall . "
tr	NN	Without preamble , I closed my fist over the knob and turned it , the door flinging inward easily .
tr	NN	Callahan 's specific function in this enterprise was to facilitate distribution which , with his previous contacts , was not proving too difficult .
tr	NNS	All these experiences were so new to her that she felt disoriented and uncertain .
tr	NN	Though Cassie often asked questions about her parents , her grandmother rarely spoke of them .
tr	NNS	The paintings came first , then the text , then the children .
tr	NN	The microchip detector worked along the same lines as a metal detector .
tr	NN	Love flowed through him , swift and hot , whipping up a fierce desire .
tr	NN	A dozen Master vampires from the elite ranks of the Guardian Enforcers filed into the entrance of Frontier Land .
tr	NN	" Yes , " Steve replied , seeming strangely hushed .
tr	NNS	The men 's shouts had grown almost frantic , and they were gesturing and waving a bit wildly .
tr	NN	A soft trio of knocks was the first outside stimuli to shake me from my feverish case of William hypnosis .
tr	NNS	Why are the wolves so quiet ?
tr	NN	My nipple hardened against the fabric as if it was trying to reach him .
tr	NNS	Aris held the pack this time , and Thomas felt as if he were almost floating along the ground , it felt so good .
tr	NNS	The other sculptures featured more fish and flowers , along with a few abstract designs .
tr	NN	She and Doug had always gotten dressed after sex , perhaps a habit left over from a lack of privacy in college .
tr	NNS	Its hind paws were on her chest , its torso over her collarbone and neck , and its eyes looked out behind her long , silver earring .
tr	NN	His recovery had been long and painful .
tr	NNS	The closer Angelica drew to the light , however , the faster the chains vibrated at her neck , once more indicating Reyes 's distress .
tr	NNS	Homicide detectives don 't often swallow the excuse " I thought he was a werewolf . "
tr	NNS	A few drops of rain had started to fall , almost a downpour by the time Anna and Joshua reached the car .
tr	NN	Maddy skipped off down the staircase , leaving Edwin behind .
tr	NNS	His uncle still plotted , his cousins were either not speaking to him or still missing .
tr	NNS	My entire body hums and a fuzzy sensation fills my head , making it hard to focus .
tr	NN	" A neighbor found her dead in her house three days ago .
tr	NNS	Suddenly emptiness spread out in front of me like a slippery ramp .
tr	NNS	All the lies were for that reason . "
tr	NN	Your sacrifice has been for nothing . "
tr	NNS	Fifty degrees felt like a furnace now .
tr	NN	' The singer 's much better at computers than singing .
tr	NNS	Mental processes were more like physical actions .
tr	NN	" Well , my lore , which would be the Discovery Channel , says that cats spend a big percentage of the day sleeping .
tr	NN	Setting down his coffee , the dwarf hurried off to the kitchen .
tr	NNS	The man 's wrists still tied behind his back , he struggles to his feet and rapidly begins to speak , but not in English .
tr	NNS	Four hand-knit stockings hung from the mantel the same way they had for more than twenty years .
tr	NNS	Together the strands wrapped around Robin , pulling him closer to the rival kings .
tr	NNS	The three ladies became anxious awaiting their stop at the hospital .
tr	NNS	" Two burgers with everything , " he called out .
tr	NNS	Those shorter strands grazed his cheeks .
tr	NNS	The colors of the garden around me bled into one another and I put out a hand to steady myself .
tr	NNS	The larger elevators only listed 1 , 2 , 3 , and 4 , and those were the only ones he had ever known .
tr	NNS	More murmurs come from Society as they look upon a book normally kept in the King 's Library .
tr	NNS	Things had certainly progressed afterward .
tr	NNS	" What else , " Nina murmurs , her voice faint , barely breaking the stillness .
tr	NN	Where is the warrior in you ?
tr	NNS	" How are your accommodations ? "
tr	NN	The leap of speed gained an advantage of a couple of metres .
tr	NNS	The separate sources of my uneasiness suddenly coalesced into horror .
tr	NN	Angus The vet 's receptionist phoned just after breakfast .
tr	NN	The leader of the council regarded me calmly .
tr	NN	Would not the villain by her side - he , a hunted man and an outlaw - be certain to wake ?
tr	NNS	Even those creatures seem welcome compared to this . "
tr	NNS	Bottles , meanwhile , knew he had to get home .
tr	NNS	Even the fumes from this deadly acid can be fatal .
tr	NN	" The cheater , " I answer , realizing that I had never uttered his name in any of our conversations .
tr	NNS	Over the random shouts there were rhythmic chants of his name .
tr	NNS	Folks still told and retold the crazy things she 'd done over the years , even though some stories went all the way back to her childhood .
tr	NN	The dragon quickly whipped its head around , breathing in deeply .
tr	NNS	Valerius ran to him , pulling out his cell phone .
tr	NN	The fame of our party spread quickly .
tr	NN	The chandelier engages in a silent homage to the convulsions we 've just endured , but we ignore it .
tr	NNS	As she hoped , the hard scales that covered the rest of his body did not cover his groin .
tr	NNS	Saying ' hi ' isn 't going to make them like you .
tr	NNS	Street signs , small trees , and fire hydrants all whipped past me .
tr	NN	After all , my goal is to be just like my father . "
tr	NNS	' His quarters are upstairs over the kitchen and dining-room .
tr	NN	The buckle was square and flat , but I was fairly sure that I had once seen a horse engraved upon the front of it .
tr	NN	The head cleric passed through the doors without a hint of acknowledgment towards the young man who opened the door .
tr	NN	" There 's your proof . "
tr	NNS	His eyelids seemed heavier , the creases around his mouth more pronounced .
tr	NN	A great sob arose within me as at the rush of waters that were too strong a bliss .
tr	NN	The acid spit that lingered higher up struck the scales around the monster 's maw .
tr	NN	The inspector regarded me coldly : " We will see about that soon enough . "
tr	NNS	" My spies have nothing to report , except the usual altercations .
tr	NNS	Others looked on a soul in a series of frozen images .
tr	NN	Its leap flattened him back in the seat , leaving him breathless .
tr	NN	' Babe , ' Calvin said , ' does the captain here have something to do with the news you mentioned earlier ? '
tr	NN	But the agony of my wound overcame me ; my pulses paused , and I fainted .
tr	NNS	The tunnels came together in a chamber about fifty feet square .
tr	NNS	About how there 's different levels of the Flare .
tr	NN	Part of his irritability and defensiveness came from the physical pain , but a larger part came from how vulnerable he was feeling at the moment .
tr	NN	The vendor I 'd hooked up with had started expanding into other recycled materials , including old tires and worn-out bike chains .
tr	NN	The pasta was still boiling , so she had a few minutes at least .
tr	NN	At those words , the throbbing between my legs became painfully intense .
tr	NN	The familiar , red scar slashed on the mask -- the blank gray eyes that stared back at me , burning in rage .
tr	NNS	There are no other relatives I care to contact and no friends here save only the two of you .
tr	NN	" The captain said you should get into the cabin . "
tr	NNS	Soon though , the passing images grew familiar .
tr	NNS	His eyelids opened and he smiled when he saw her .
tr	NN	The baron returned the next evening , a smug smile plastered across his face .
tr	NN	" The tournament last weekend . "
tr	NN	Every slow sentence of that speech had a terrific mastery in it for Gwendolen .
tr	NNS	The wolves on the beach stop , surveying their enemy .
tr	NN	The altar itself was high , made of a dark granite , and draped with a red cloth .
tr	NNS	Had she believed there was no way out , felt smothered by demands and disappointment , chosen death in flesh over death in spirit ?
tr	NN	" My own reputation is at risk here too . "
tr	NNS	Looks like you always pay your bills . "
tr	NN	Just above that , a thin strip of puffy violet clouds hovered , marking the divide between sea and sky .
tr	NN	The intruder had assumed the identity of one of the lobby guards , Chris being the reception guard .
tr	NNS	A second later , the first strains of Love Story strummed in the background .
tr	NN	The Program didn 't work out for Zoey and she should 've gone home .
tr	NN	Other cable and Internet sites pick it up as well .
tr	NNS	The masks protruded outward with long , hooked noses and gaping slits for eyes .
tr	NNS	Another fifteen pirates had begun to crowd around the top of the rope ladder , waiting to descend .
tr	NN	On one beautiful silver wing were the words FLY FREE , and on the other wing were the words WITH ME .
tr	NN	A cool liquid runs over my chest and neck .
tr	NNS	When he was ready to face the casualties his actions had caused .
tr	NNS	My chains rattle from my trembling .
tr	NNS	" The chains won 't reach ? "
tr	NN	The design of the thing isn 't too far removed from old oil rigs from back on Earth .
tr	NN	With a quiet crackle , the garbage bag fel away when he grabbed it but the kid held on to what was in - Oh my God .
tr	NN	A human skeleton stood outside one of the classrooms , which made Emma shudder .
tr	NN	Her spine stiffened , putting more distance between them .
tr	NN	Love could be the reason why he thought of her all the time , why he missed her unbearably , why he dreamed of her every night .
tr	NNS	Marius must have seen the look of fear on his face .
tr	NN	" Who was his favorite wrestler ? "
tr	NN	The lightning cast eerie shadows on the walls ; each one was a vision that was already running through her troubled mind .
tr	NN	But despite his words there was also the slightest teasing glint to his eyes and the smallest of smiles on his lips .
tr	NN	her stubborn core replied .
tr	NN	" I do beg your pardon for my sister Jane , " the gentleman who 'd laughed said .
tr	NNS	My movements quickened in anticipation .
tr	NN	" Your reputation was not a great deal better than mine . "
tr	NN	" Opposites divorce , too , " Zoe reminded her .
tr	NN	The sergeant had Sam step up to a firing line five feet from the target .
tr	NNS	Her family instincts won out , and she turned to run toward the main doors and the stables .
tr	NN	His birthmark was back on his face , and his entire body was tense and trembling .
tr	NN	The whole mass shook and quivered from spine to tail .
tr	NNS	Things were finally beginning to make sense .
tr	NNS	As he ripped onto the gravel road , the raindrops turned to white streaks in the headlights .
tr	NNS	The stores and houses seemed to be almost on top of each other , covering the gentle hil s .
tr	NNS	In the lower hall , there are few servants about .
tr	NN	The theory was it was an enemy of Royce 's .
tr	NN	" Sometimes there 's no good explanation for homicidal behavior .
tr	NNS	" Our governments crumbled under the increasing tension and millions died even before the official Firestarter attack .
tr	NN	" No kidding , " I sighed .
tr	NNS	The horse 's nostrils flare from the smell of smoke .
tr	NNS	I bit down as pain exploded along my hand and then cool , sticky wetness spilled across my fingers .
tr	NNS	Costas winked , and my stomach turned .
tr	NN	Cassie shrugged absently , a dull blush stained her cheeks as she glanced quickly away .
tr	NNS	Riddick 's survival instincts kicked into hyper drive .
tr	NNS	How are your other fund-raising efforts going ? "
tr	NN	There is iron in your chest , bonded to you .
tr	NNS	Reaching the little girl 's room , her grandparents are with her , trying to comfort her .
tr	NN	By this point my resolve was weakening and I felt bad rejecting her suggestions day after day .
tr	NNS	The dwarves stiffened and Grumpy reached for his knife .
tr	NNS	There weren 't any forks in the path , and she had a strange feeling about something up ahead .
tr	NNS	Lots of life means lots of magic for you . "
tr	NNS	Moments later , four mech wolves appeared at the door along with Comrade Drone -- the idiot valet robot nearly as massive as Ajax himself .
tr	NN	The faerie knight laughed .
tr	NN	A shriek pierced the howling wind .
tr	NN	If the various pictures on the wall were any judge , the human race had been a self-centered species .
tr	NNS	My instincts screamed run away .
tr	NNS	The images ended with a mix of unruly desire and raw pain .
tr	NNS	The confines of elevators give me the jitters , but there aren 't any stairwells close by and I 'd rather not risk being caught wandering around .
tr	NNS	Two members of the council approached the central dais .
tr	NNS	" Do my motives matter ?
tr	NN	The woman 's posture had changed also , now aggressive to the point of feral .
tr	NN	My every nerve is on edge the longer we are inside of this building .
tr	NN	The den was dark and moist .
tr	NNS	The images of blood and death he 'd seen earlier still filled his head , making it difficult to immediately comprehend her words .
tr	NNS	Her temples throbbed , and her eyes were red and swollen .
tr	NNS	Sadness also , but this flat defiance that what he 'd seen was not going to happen was somewhat startling .
tr	NN	" On the north edge of town . "
tr	NNS	Though blasts were still being exchanged on the upper floors , the lower floors and grounds were silent .
tr	NNS	Animals don 't reason the way men do . "
tr	NN	Lucky bastard got off easy , because he died before she did . "
tr	NN	Her instinct was to let him leave a message .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared in anger and his grip on her hand tightened .
tr	NNS	Another few degrees and an install two inches lower and it 'd take care of the lurching . "
tr	NNS	Words couldn 't express the joy I was suddenly feeling .
tr	NNS	His sunglasses had probably saved his vision .
tr	NNS	Wounded wolves were doubly dangerous .
tr	NN	As I went near the counter , wonderment filled my eyes .
tr	NNS	Every species must be free to make their mistakes , enjoy their triumphs , lament their catastrophes .
tr	NN	Still , the itch has gotten under the protective layer of my skull , and I can 't manage to get at it .
tr	NNS	Alexis came into existence .
tr	NNS	Hands , forearms , tufts peeking from his shirt .
tr	NN	An angry bruise , red , green and black , radiated in an irregular circle from his side , a Rorschach blot of pain and suffering .
tr	NN	My dreaming aura affects anyone who happens to come into physical contact with me .
tr	NN	" This balance you 've been harping on about is nothing but a way to save your own backsides from getting burned .
tr	NNS	The rats have been getting smaller lately , but this one is a beast .
tr	NNS	There were arrangements to be made .
tr	NN	The lens catches things the eyes cannot see , but it requires the eye to give meaning to any resulting image .
tr	NN	" The map is authentic , but the Turk admits in a series of notes in the margins that he compiled his map from more ancient charts .
tr	NN	the receptionist asked politely , her dark eyes on Jonas .
tr	NNS	The footsteps approached , crunching and snapping the dead leaves with merciless persistence .
tr	NNS	Their deaths would serve only to buy time .
tr	NN	The snake coughed out a mouthful of straw , giving Liza just enough time to scamper out of its reach .
tr	NN	His mop of shaggy , chestnut brown hair is artfully tousled , a stray lock swooping across his forehead .
tr	NNS	His siblings and their spouses joined in .
tr	NNS	The practice sessions took place most afternoons , and in the mornings Theo kept to his original plan of sketching rural life and labour .
tr	NNS	The council members glanced at one another .
tr	NN	To tell you the truth , science bores me .
tr	NNS	A venomous silence from the front seat .
tr	NN	Before her sat an elegantly carved wooden table .
tr	NNS	So many radical changes .
tr	NNS	Somehow , the confessions don 't come out .
tr	NN	The doll mounted the plane she 'd folded and waited for her to launch .
tr	NNS	" The authorities will declare it a suicide . "
tr	NNS	Others had curling tops , and you had to go out and over them , crawling up like a circus acrobat on a spinning wheel of death .
tr	NNS	Heavy footsteps pounded in her direction .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , desperate situations bred desperate acts , and he understood their frustration .
tr	NN	Every vacation has a shelf life , and maybe this one will expire before Rome .
tr	NNS	" Sometimes the local healers know so much more about plants and animals in the area .
tr	NN	Who 's your mate ? "
tr	NNS	" Things 'll be much mo ' fun if ye do .
tr	NN	The steam burned his exposed skin while bathing his arm in yellowish clouds of toxins .
tr	NN	A cucumber rolled over the counter and stopped at the edge .
tr	NNS	Two shots of Tequila soon arrived on a silver tray with a sprinkle of salt and two wedges of lime .
tr	NNS	Things keep going around and around .
tr	NNS	Marius had tolerated her walking out on him once , but the second time was too much for his monumental ego .
tr	NNS	Images of Melinda rose up in his mind again as easily as if they had been etched there permanently .
tr	NN	The transition was simple .
tr	NNS	Makes for a lot of extra work , but long ago we quit making suggestions and just pitched in .
tr	NN	As they did , a middle-aged gentleman answered and asked how he could be of help .
tr	NN	Love took it wiped his hand and mouth , and said , ' I reckon I know exactly what I 'm going to do with them . '
tr	NNS	So are the eggs , both of them , probably .
tr	NNS	My heart races in my chest , making me warm with flush .
tr	NN	My sister-in-law was aghast .
tr	NNS	The Native Americans called it sacred grounds and decreed that only the chosen could enter . "
tr	NNS	These new housing designs made his job easier , since they eliminated all side windows .
tr	NN	The thought wasn ´ t displeasing .
tr	NNS	Grey scales shimmered in dim light , dotting the flesh of her arms and legs .
tr	NN	The lamp is on and a fire crackles in the fireplace , lighting up the night creeping through the windows .
tr	NNS	Girls had dangers that guys didn 't have .
tr	NN	Terrance dropped his hands from his face , tugged the duct tape loose from the rag .
tr	NN	His guilt and sorrow for Kenny tugged at her , making her want to hold him until his hurting went away .
tr	NNS	Immediately our captains began to argue .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of what might be happening plagued her .
tr	NNS	For some reason goblins love mountains .
tr	NN	" No kidding , " Cox said .
tr	NN	And not as shopping buddies , but in the carnal sense . "
tr	NN	There 's also a settlement of sorts called Como that lies just to the north of the homesteads . "
tr	NNS	The new edges of the window glinted dully in the moonlight , and I followed the broken line down the dash to find Seth gone .
tr	NNS	Things happened so quickly .
tr	NN	" The men are in danger , " the captain growled .
tr	NN	If she didn 't die before her child was born , the delivery would kill her .
tr	NNS	" Little pigs , little pigs , let me come in . "
tr	NNS	The boxers did as asked , and the referee started to explain the rules .
tr	NNS	The chains rattled and then nails moaned as they were removed from her prison .
tr	NNS	Long tentacles of grassy overhang grabbed at him .
tr	NNS	There were fights between us -- petty things about someone saying something and someone else saying something else .
tr	NNS	Valerius laid the hot iron against his inner thigh .
tr	NN	Jordan 's chuckle was rich and deep .
tr	NNS	Others would continue the investigation .
tr	NN	Our hustle had turned into a frenzied scramble .
tr	NN	An audience to watch me chew .
tr	NNS	Girls are disgusting . "
tr	NN	Dean 's rocking slowed as he lowered his hands , revealing a bleak stare .
tr	NN	At the top of the tower was a landing .
tr	NNS	The two ideas jostled in her mind .
tr	NNS	The mattress on the bed shifted underneath her as Nate pulled himself up .
tr	NN	" The gate master will see to it that the houses are rebuilt .
tr	NNS	The anonymous texts were really coming in fast now that SOS had been restarted .
tr	NNS	Flower arrangements like this one , for joyous occasions , brought Susannah and Colette the most pleasure .
tr	NN	The music master handed her a violin , and she took a moment to look it over .
tr	NNS	The purple animal hides he dressed in were hanging from his frame in shreds , and his dyed green hair was flecked with blood .
tr	NNS	Two zombies had turned their attention on Abraham , and leapt from the wrecked home to devour him .
tr	NNS	Five brown wolves merged into the darkness behind them , carefully watching and shepherding the newly changed shifters .
tr	NN	" My portfolio is fine .
tr	NN	Whatever , whoever it was , the reasoning was clear .
tr	NN	And then , in a flash , the uncertainty disappeared , replaced with her usual feisty attitude .
tr	NN	She gave us up , " the first kidnapper hissed in a voice that dripped with poison and made Kelly 's trembling worse .
tr	NNS	The ducks immediately began quacking frantically and flying off .
tr	NNS	Reyes laughed quietly and some of the tension left the moment .
tr	NNS	The governments of the two planets under consideration at the time , Earth and Tiny Earth , were in the middle of a squabble .
tr	NNS	Entire races can disappear and vanish into oblivion , because no one tells their stories , no one remembers their names , or what they looked like .
tr	NN	" After this thing is over , the government is giving me a new ID .
tr	NN	A large green pepper collided with Gideon . "
tr	NNS	And there are a few love bites , which I didn 't see .
tr	NNS	Hendricks wiped the sweat from his forehead .
tr	NNS	The gates to the cattle pen stood open as well , as did the doors to the stone barn .
tr	NNS	Valerius turned around and let out a vulgar curse that seemed at odds with his regal Roman air of refinement and good breeding .
tr	NN	Heat licked through her , made her knees tremble and her skin ache with sensitivity .
tr	NNS	Chills run a marathon down my spine .
tr	NNS	And even though Hermes has been known to pull some stunts , his actions are usually relatively harmless .
tr	NNS	Looks like fog . "
tr	NNS	Things will be different this time .
tr	NN	The captain went on .
tr	NN	Your heart valve needs to be replaced . "
tr	NN	A sculpture of a willow tree looked dangerous and alive .
tr	NNS	Why were the villagers so desperate to have more ?
tr	NN	The agent of the process is the heat of the sun .
tr	NN	The landlord slammed his towel onto the bar in anger .
tr	NNS	Even happy-go-lucky Renee was likely to be alarmed by that .
tr	NN	The captain was more subtle than he looked , and he would also be more popular if he succeeded in providing food tomorrow .
tr	NN	The tall , dark haired surgeon looked fresh out of medical school .
tr	NNS	Muscles tensed and bunched up his arm until he slammed his fist against the dashboard with a curse .
tr	NNS	Their clients consisted of men and women who needed to marry the perfect person for reasons other than love .
tr	NN	But if I wanted to look at what was behind the sheets , the stool would be handy .
tr	NNS	But maybe your abilities have shifted .
tr	NN	His crooked spine tingled with dread as he instinctively made his way toward a hideous sentinel stalking Kate .
tr	NNS	There are no street signs , but there are power lines , which means this isn 't terribly remote .
tr	NNS	Things at the bar had been ... strained .
tr	NN	The captain stood and turned to walk away .
tr	NN	The angel raised its face , as if the light were visible to its blind eyes .
tr	NN	It is enough to say Reynolds couldn , t endure the agony .
tr	NNS	Things between Jack and are good , but since Earl 's passing we have both been searching for things that keep us busy .
tr	NN	" I 'm sorry , she has to drive alone , " said Jazz .
tr	NNS	Shattered bits of yellow fangs showered the deck as the ghoul rebounded .
tr	NN	Abby sank into the powder , her fur matted white .
tr	NNS	The colors of the flames glinted on its lens .
tr	NNS	Folks said he 'd had another family on the side .
tr	NN	The Cat was chuckling .
tr	NNS	The pillows perfectly plump and arranged .
tr	NN	" Yeah , " the angel said .
tr	NNS	The zombies were all asleep on the black top .
tr	NNS	" Where are the teachers ? "
tr	NN	The thrill of the escape was over and the idea of spending the rest of my life with these people was terrifying .
tr	NN	The passion she 'd shared with Trevor , the man she regarded as a master of foreplay , never affected her quite this powerfully .
tr	NN	The soft wisp of his beard sent an erotic shiver down her spine .
tr	NNS	Its species makes no difference .
tr	NNS	Americans for Legal Reform agree that the U.S. public deserves to hear the truth .
tr	NN	His reward for a job well done .
tr	NNS	Rifle blasts drew Tucker 's attention from the screen .
tr	NNS	Alexis immediately became his legal godmother .
tr	NNS	The users seem to lack any stimulating mentality .
tr	NNS	My paws spread out in front of me .
tr	NNS	Others were not so familiar .
tr	NNS	Muscles ached and sinews popped under the effort .
tr	NNS	What are these foul creatures ?
tr	NN	* * * A maid came in to announce that the guests ' car had already arrived at the main gate .
tr	NNS	As Luke watched , two nurses maneuvered Haley 's bed through the door and out into the hall .
tr	NN	The old dragon cackled hysterically .
tr	NNS	Chills tingled up Rachel 's back .
tr	NNS	Here there are fairies , giants , trolls and dwarves .
tr	NNS	The monitors show three men leaving your spa at the time you reported the extortion . "
tr	NN	There was a livid purple bruise on her cheek where she 'd hit the concrete in the shed after taking a bullet in her flak vest .
tr	NN	But back then his goal had been to eventually own his own landscaping company .
tr	NNS	" Those punches are starting to hurt more than before . "
tr	NNS	Words don 't mean anything to a woman when her head 's full of doubt .
tr	NNS	Their flashlights flew from wall to wall and ceiling to ceiling .
tr	NNS	Scott 's cousins spent more time in court and in prison than not .
tr	NN	The letter E seemed to be a common letter to start street names with in this town .
tr	NN	" No gas , " he said , " All I got is lighter fluid .
tr	NNS	Parts of me that I hadn 't felt in years were suddenly on fire .
tr	NNS	As the hours pass , their growls and lunges are more frequent , but have less force .
tr	NNS	These programs for the poor , to be run more efficiently and can be run with less fraud and abuse at the state level .
tr	NNS	Even as her uncle teased her , the legendary warriors had their gaze on Dimitri .
tr	NNS	His movements were as jerky as those of the puppets on stage .
tr	NN	Then a flashlight came on , and it swept the darkness of the tiny space .
tr	NNS	Besides , psychiatric tests will have to be done . '
tr	NNS	" All my siblings are dead . "
tr	NN	When there were a half-dozen fewer pairs of eyes on him .
tr	NN	A swath of clouds danced across the darkened seas and ice caps .
tr	NNS	Others may admire this honesty , this bravery .
tr	NN	The sweet , liquid clench of her body around him drove him wild .
tr	NN	A sentence I was getting used to hearing .
tr	NNS	Even her dress sales were carefully choreographed .
tr	NN	The sauce went everywhere .
tr	NN	The medical exam , or what passed for one , had been insulting and cursory .
tr	NN	The silver tube that ran along the ceiling concealed the two heroes that had been standing there moments earlier .
tr	NNS	More wolves join in with their own growl and half the pack turns toward Serena 's tree .
tr	NN	" The old ' defence attorney ' lark . "
tr	NN	" Tuesday , I think , " Julian murmured absently , his focus on his next move .
tr	NNS	Professional slave traders are tough .
tr	NN	The fame has to have changed you over the years . "
tr	NNS	A wooden spool and rotting rope littered the area , more drilling debris .
tr	NNS	Shouts from the base of the hillock indicated that the battle had been joined .
tr	NN	Each player displayed their cards .
tr	NNS	Immortals were sensitive to caffeine , some more than others , and he usually avoided it because of that .
tr	NN	The resort boasted four restaurants , but this meet and greet banquet was being held in the main dining area .
tr	NN	Thus ended the Battle of Concepcion , the first major engagement of the Texas Revolution .
tr	NNS	As she turned in at the entrance amidst her troupe , the arcs momentarily caught a beautiful , pale profile .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of Eirik filled me with sadness .
tr	NN	His pulse thundered out of control as her mouth nibbled .
tr	NNS	But the pills make it easier to accept .
tr	NNS	In the jungle there were creatures with needle-like teeth and sharp claws , that pounced on people , and devoured them .
tr	NN	The liquid felt like it was burning me from the inside out .
tr	NNS	There are governments doing nothing but listening in to phones , looking for keywords like ' bomb ' , ' drugs ' ' guns ' .
tr	NN	Especially basketball , " he said .
tr	NNS	" My apologies for my impetuous behavior , " he said .
tr	NNS	The other vamps backed up in the face of his rage because Lorcan was the ruler .
tr	NN	" The consensus is that they will come here next but nobody knows when .
tr	NN	His only consolation was that while he might have stolen her innocence , he hadn 't committed the ultimate sin of taking her virginity .
tr	NNS	All the nations , then , must now conjoin .
tr	NNS	The jagged edges of her cut pulled together , no longer oozing but still looking nasty as hell .
tr	NN	The rope was beginning to slide from his grip .
tr	NN	The Hindu tradition considers all things created worthy of worship , which means that religious activity in Hinduism takes many forms .
tr	NN	Although admittedly , so far the biggest challenge had been figuring out what to do with all the wine .
tr	NN	Her kindness rubbed off on everyone , but especially on her children .
tr	NN	" Ok , " said Charlotte curiously , though neither Ron nor Jean answered me .
tr	NNS	Words couldn 't paint an accurate picture .
tr	NN	Finally the faint curl of his lips grew into a broad smile , and a soft chuckle issued from his throat .
tr	NNS	" I told you , vamps would never waste that much blood . "
tr	NN	The cafeteria was white and clean -- like the infirmary .
tr	NN	Marty 's discovery would have taken it in a different direction than what we had anticipated , ruining years of planning and work . "
tr	NN	Her entire personality seemed to change .
tr	NN	Above the lamplight , a roller coaster towered over the park .
tr	NNS	Hess 's Guardians entered as well .
tr	NN	How could the map have been so wrong ?
tr	NNS	Outside the car , the winds have died down and the darkness seems less opaque .
tr	NNS	Things were the same with everyone and Ava was growing up to be a pretty little girl .
tr	NNS	The detectives had already tried using their own limited abilities on the crime scene but had failed .
tr	NN	A stab to the heart was how Wardens sent demons back to Hell .
tr	NNS	More than a few patrons and employees actually smiled back .
tr	NNS	Whole galaxies of traumas revolved around my brother .
tr	NNS	What are your demands ? "
tr	NNS	My mind races and I let out a huge sigh .
tr	NNS	The two persons , who had perpetrated some of the most hideous atrocities against innocent life now met with theirs .
tr	NN	Legal aid is available for those in trouble with the law . "
tr	NNS	Large gaps spread across its golden surface .
tr	NNS	The immortals were the only ones who could have executed such a smooth assassination .
tr	NNS	Hungry , deep thrusts claimed her as his .
tr	NN	The maneuver exposed her back to the Librarians .
tr	NNS	Big comfy velvet pillows line the other wall ; and an espresso machine sits in the back .
tr	NNS	" Here relatives meet patients . "
tr	NNS	The torches had been lit up and the night was still .
tr	NNS	As far as she could see , the facts were pretty clear .
tr	NNS	Things are kinda messed up .
tr	NNS	Michael , these creatures can tell a witch when they see it , male or female .
tr	NNS	" Seems ... motor functions are ... intact .
tr	NN	" Okay , the coast is clear .
tr	NNS	Or had all the losses finally caught up with me ?
tr	NNS	Her eyelids fluttered open and she smiled up at him .
tr	NNS	Apart from the displays and the occasional " sign song " activity , there are no signs of life .
tr	NNS	Their efforts were useless .
tr	NN	When he nodded , I went on , " There was milk in the fridge , Sam .
tr	NN	The pitcher stood on the mound as if stunned , watching it all unfold .
tr	NN	" What 's that map say again ? "
tr	NN	The intricate design on the hilt of Azura 's sword was incredible .
tr	NN	The injury he 'd taken in the warehouse would have killed him , if not for the bond he had with Jane .
tr	NNS	His thumbs now teased just inside the hem at the sides of my top venturing to places he 'd never ventured to before .
tr	NN	The hatch popped slightly , indicating a small difference in pressure - nothing abnormal .
tr	NNS	Dark figures make their presence well known .
tr	NNS	And the lands to his south can be farmed , if he can get those nobles of his off their asses to clear it . "
tr	NN	The spiral staircase wound its way up the tower .
tr	NNS	And almost all those planes run on computers or have electronic components .
tr	NN	A shining white stag stood over us .
tr	NN	A shush was the only response he got .
tr	NN	The maelstrom wove around us as the valets constructed an impromptu feast and table setting amid the expansive foyer .
tr	NNS	Diggs looked mildly amused .
tr	NN	" Your absence was quite noticeable , considering it was your project and this was your company 's first major client for this product . "
tr	NN	Maximus stopped pacing and turned around , an inscrutable look on his face .
tr	NN	The frantic chorus of our voices filled the forest .
tr	NN	My spine feels as if it is locked in place .
tr	NN	The hunger in the tight line of his full , expressive lips and the heavily hooded look to his eyes stole her breath .
tr	NN	Love stood motionless as the line went dead in his ear .
tr	NNS	Spirit users could sense each other when they were close enough , even behind closed doors .
tr	NN	A melancholy had descended upon me , a constant reminder that I had suffered trauma .
tr	NN	The porter brings their bags to the room , and they immediately depart .
tr	NN	The next contraction hit with unexpected severity , and she drew in a deep breath trying to control the pain .
tr	NN	" The prophecy never promised success .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of hunger started to fade and were replaced by thoughts of my jellyfish friends and family .
tr	NNS	" No buts , love .
tr	NN	The castle itself was almost in ruins .
tr	NN	A tiny sparkle stuck to her cheek glinted in the overhead light .
tr	NNS	There were bars in the window .
tr	NN	Coming from Haverfordwest , the best case scenario was half an hour .
tr	NN	Each shelf housed books in all shapes and sizes .
tr	NNS	In addition to attacks from beyond our borders , there were even worries of being attacked on the roads by thieves and vagrants .
tr	NNS	The werewolves and the vampires never entered this contest .
tr	NN	The footman jump down and open the door for his master .
tr	NN	" My ID of the man who checked you in matches Lambert 's description .
tr	NNS	Due to the extended stay of the winter temperatures , the number visitors at the lake decreased substantially .
tr	NN	As he set about lighting various lamps , the footman looked to us .
tr	NN	A sob escaped me , and I sank back onto the warm rock .
tr	NNS	In the end , there were no embarrassing scenes .
tr	NN	The captain pointed to the closest port cannon .
tr	NN	A single sharpened pencil sat to the right of her mouse .
tr	NN	My momma didn 't raise an idiot .
tr	NNS	Samuels sat across from him , facing the cove .
tr	NN	A mass of golden curls caught my eye as I watched the people standing around the dance floor .
tr	NN	Chance touched my cheek lightly , drawing my face up .
tr	NNS	" Folks are frightened .
tr	NNS	" There are basic defenses , and there are wartime defenses .
tr	NN	Part of their MO is to identify themselves by putting their license tabs on upside down . "
tr	NNS	Their assailants were yelling and chasing after them .
tr	NN	Tonight , a few other patrons of The Thirsty Turtle had overheard the two getting too carried away , talking about the ' little blonde ' .
tr	NNS	" My sources say an embargo will be proposed within the month . "
tr	NNS	And there are many living creatures that would offer us the same dilemma .
tr	NNS	A few bars of the corny song from her grade school years played in her mind : " Seems it never rains in Southern California . "
tr	NN	A rumbling cart , driven by a madman , swept between us .
tr	NN	Two stories below , gravel popped in the driveway .
tr	NN	His tip teased at the opening of her wet center .
tr	NN	Her sex appeal was natural and open .
tr	NN	Why does the government have a special label for certain types of killings ?
tr	NNS	Things are looking up .
tr	NN	Said Griff with a sneer , " perhaps a sound bruising will curb your insolence , fool . "
tr	NNS	The abyss could not hold her and she may have a second chance .
tr	NN	A lamp toppled and shattered .
tr	NN	With the people 's courage wavering , the capture or death of Mr White would be a fatal blow to our resistance .
tr	NN	Kali 's pulse fluttered erratically .
tr	NNS	Alexis demanded order to keep her court from boiling over .
tr	NN	Just as the others began to lament their current situation , a cackle began to be heard in the distance .
tr	NNS	And your motor skills are below average for a fourteen-year-old boy .
tr	NN	There was no garbage or dishes in the sink .
tr	NNS	When she stopped spinning and opened her eyes , fairies littered the ground at her feet like a furry carpet .
tr	NNS	" There are a few supplies we need , and I thought I might leave George behind . "
tr	NN	The stupid cord in me didn 't understand the violence , but it liked that I was touching him .
tr	NNS	The room additions blended with the original house so well they looked perfectly natural .
tr	NNS	All the classes , even his survival class , revolved around these skills .
tr	NN	The perpetrator had eclectic tastes .
tr	NNS	There are more factors in play here than just a single word .
tr	NN	Missus Hanson 's final illness and passing seemed to have affected him more than I would have expected .
tr	NN	Part of him wanted to rip the shirt apart to rid it from his sight , but the other part refused to let him .
tr	NN	Nausea pooled in my stomach .
tr	NN	There was a brief hesitation before Jagr gave a sharp nod .
tr	NN	The actual garage operation since he took over had become a viable moneymaking venture .
tr	NNS	Things are clear to me for the first time in a long time .
tr	NN	Bret got back in the car and sped off , the greasy stench of his presence fading as well .
tr	NN	" What 's the speed limit ? "
tr	NNS	" Oh yes , Princess Kylie , for we humble servants cannot meet any guys without your presence .
tr	NN	" I don 't know anything , " the thug pleaded as Jake dragged him towards the streetlight .
tr	NNS	The images and sensations she worked so hard to avoid seemed to bang around inside her head .
tr	NNS	Things were different now .
tr	NN	" The preferable term is autistic savant . "
tr	NNS	Reyes motioned for Kane to go ahead of them .
tr	NNS	Some areas along the river were so overgrown she couldn 't pass through them .
tr	NNS	My adrenaline levels began to rise as I slowly worked my way into a confident state .
tr	NNS	Rufus looked more closely at the tire as if he was inspecting it for dust .
tr	NN	" My grandmother didn 't spend much time in here but this was one of the few rooms she kept up .
tr	NNS	The night-vision goggles his father had given him for Christmas worked beautifully .
tr	NNS	Those final prayers , chanted to Heaven on high , echoed down to the tunnels below , carved out of the heart of the mountain of Masada .
tr	NNS	Her impressive cheekbones bulged .
tr	NNS	But now these hills were hills no more , for some hand greater than woman 's had touched them .
tr	NNS	The peaks ahead watched him come .
tr	NN	" The only explanation is that we have a traitor in our midst . "
tr	NN	There was a faint clatter of metal points on stone .
tr	NNS	The fixtures were an antique silver .
tr	NN	The next moment Meredith had brushed Elena aside and was pacing wildly al around the kitchen .
tr	NNS	So , there were no telltale signs ? "
tr	NN	When the image of the dagger tree cocooned , the sequence stopped .
tr	NN	An angel wouldn 't have looked as ethereal as she did weaving through the fields .
tr	NN	" Oh , he has them , our Boyle does . "
tr	NN	Jenny 's own reflection made her uncomfortable .
tr	NN	The stag showed signs of restlessness when she was a few feet away , so she stopped and slowly took a photo .
tr	NNS	When are the twins due ? "
tr	NN	Your goal is to teach them cultural aspects of Earth . "
tr	NNS	There were exterior shots of the huge Protestant church where the service was to be held .
tr	NNS	" And the authorities don 't warn anybody ? "
tr	NNS	Large horns protruded from its shoulders , and patches of fur and scales formed a double helix pattern on its legs .
tr	NNS	al ' Thor said , nodding toward something metallic sitting on the bed , mostly hidden by the sheets .
tr	NNS	Muscles flexed under his shirt with a casual strength and heat flushed through her body .
tr	NNS	If they were in the city , their chips would have set off a sensor somewhere .
tr	NNS	Francis ' episodes were becoming ever more frequent , and her outbursts increasingly feared .
tr	NN	His breath caught when she appeared before him , a beautiful angel silhouetted against the dark night .
tr	NNS	Almost certainly other tentacles would whip out of the hole and up his arm .
tr	NN	A growl so hoarse he sounded more animal than human .
tr	NNS	All the races were busy one way or another .
tr	NNS	The cards have to have a hidden meaning .
tr	NNS	The werewolves came back because the vampires did . "
tr	NNS	Even now the warriors march to the assembly points .
tr	NN	The colder she is -- the better .
tr	NNS	Her credentials provide her with the one thing I can 't get . "
tr	NNS	There were fifteen recorded visits in the last five years .
tr	NNS	A few drops spilled on the duvet .
tr	NNS	The torches gave off enough light for Rema to see the inside of her cell .
tr	NN	With a roar , the elemental started forward , intending to crush us now that it realized it couldn 't breathe us to death .
tr	NNS	There were six bad vamps left but I wasn 't sure how many rogue werewolves remained .
tr	NN	The captain blanched , but after a moment nodded his head .
tr	NNS	" So old curses don " t have to be countered or solved ?
tr	NN	Terror still seized my body .
tr	NNS	The items included rather simple finds , but valuable to him nonetheless .
tr	NNS	Classic : Queen of the Black Coast by Robert E Howard - barbarians , pirates and prehistoric jungle cities abound in this 1934 sword and sorcery masterpiece .
tr	NN	The golem grasped the demon from behind with one hand and hurled it away from the shed .
tr	NN	Link leaned forward in his chair , propping his elbows on the table .
tr	NN	A shelf hung on the back wall .
tr	NNS	Images filtered into his mind before he was flung backward in time .
tr	NNS	The end credits were running on the TV when Antonio returned .
tr	NN	The drill sergeant yelled , " Front leaning rest position ! "
tr	NN	Her soft sniffle nearly broke Rebecca 's heart .
tr	NNS	Her movements were all innocent and sad , and I had the sudden overwhelming need to mark her .
tr	NNS	Myles had overheard them discussing her temporary relocation and interrupted to say that his home was available to her , too .
tr	NNS	Samuels again began to protest , stepping up close to Jackson and poking him in the chest with his finger , his mustache bristling in his anger .
tr	NNS	Upstairs , I can hear footsteps , voices .
tr	NN	All the selfish bastard ever said was that he 'd hidden the lockbox with the information and we 'd never find it . "
tr	NN	And the pigeon hops up onto my sleeve and eats it .
tr	NNS	Anger flares inside me then goes cold , so I can practically feel the ice forming along my limbs .
tr	NNS	There are still too many ideas , but she is working to get them out as fast as she can .
tr	NN	His determination to restore family honour had cost him Nicole 's love , cost him four years of his daughter 's life .
tr	NNS	As she approached the gate , two figures came out of a small door on a guard tower beside the main entrance .
tr	NN	" My integrity is worth more than one hundred thousand dollars . "
tr	NNS	Upstairs the fake Ambassador was talking to his captives whilst destroying the CCTV cameras .
tr	NNS	There were simply no colors at all .
tr	NNS	Data banks are useful for storing recipes , too . "
tr	NN	In the beginning the development of society very much resembled how it all happened in Bradley 's world .
tr	NN	My vote is that we move back here and try like hell to find out what we want to do with the rest of our lives .
tr	NNS	Their scales glimmered in the sunlight .
tr	NNS	Right on cue all the ghosts poured out of the cellar door along with a whole cloud of balloons and streamers !
tr	NN	The staircase swooped down , winding on and on , and she followed the rose scent whenever another door or arch appeared .
tr	NN	The first thing Gregor noticed was the heat .
tr	NN	The passenger compartment was only a small portion of the ship .
tr	NNS	His thrusts became more urgent , deeper , the hands in her hair controlling .
tr	NNS	" Things were tough enough without all of us going to dreamland . "
tr	NNS	Others trailing behind used any of a thousand hideous adaptations to slash their way through the defenders .
tr	NN	The mercenary saluted smartly , pointed to two men , and left quickly .
tr	NNS	The hugs were ... uh , awkward .
tr	NN	Her grandmother was leaning against the doorway of the dining room , smiling softly when Cassie came back through .
tr	NN	His traditional , long baptismal gown would go on display next to Sophie 's at the end of the day .
tr	NN	A hunk of dark hair covers the left side of her face .
tr	NN	" My high priest tells me that you 're to blame for this dreary weather . "
tr	NN	The strangled doll might have been an angry afterthought . "
tr	NNS	Janelle 's hopes hit the ground with a sickening thud .
tr	NN	Back home in Quarry the bearded hunter would have the perfect remedy for a hot day .
tr	NN	" Looks clear , " the pilot concluded .
tr	NNS	That mattress looks like it 's seen better days . "
tr	NN	Maybe our reunion would go so well that she would travel back to the palace with me ?
tr	NN	And the wandering started , the escaping , and Armand did not follow him .
tr	NN	Even unaware of her presence , lost to his inner struggle , his aura flooded her .
tr	NNS	Lots of moms are .
tr	NN	What you 're going through causes a huge amount of stress on your body , using more blood than you normal y would .
tr	NN	On the bottom there was a plaque with an inscription .
tr	NN	There was chaos in the second-floor halls .
tr	NNS	Others , less inventive of course , claim that you are a closeted Christian .
tr	NNS	Once at the dock , signs would indicate where second class passengers were to muster in preparation for boarding .
tr	NNS	There were so many nasty possibilities .
tr	NNS	Dollar signs beamed from his eyes .
tr	NN	The scar ran from the top of his head and ended gruesomely at a torn chunk of skin near his neck .
tr	NNS	The two streams of magic became palpable energy fields caught in a road block in the middle of the room .
tr	NN	The writing was incredibly tiny , and it intrigued me .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , their natural instincts are to attack or to stampede .
tr	NN	The venom and smoke wouldn 't kill him , but it would weaken him .
tr	NN	" The novice works for the councilor .
tr	NN	" That wont do anything . "
tr	NNS	There are limits for most of us beyond which pain is just pain . "
tr	NNS	No other couples had begun dancing .
tr	NNS	" My chances are poor .
tr	NNS	Chills ran down my spine as it dawned on me exactly what it meant .
tr	NNS	" There are some shallow spots in this lake that are only three feet deep . "
tr	NNS	The natural passions of the wild men combined with their unpredictability are more than enough to frustrate even the most carefully crafted plans .
tr	NN	The breadth of his shoulders implied as much .
tr	NNS	Looks like it 'll be just the four of you today . "
tr	NNS	Strangers want to shake my hand , offer words of gratitude , even grab the tab .
tr	NNS	The footsteps , which had been rushing closer , came to an abrupt halt in the doorway .
tr	NN	' Kev ' , darling , ' Gina nervously called .
tr	NN	Why wasn 't your scrap recovery process successful ?
tr	NN	The wind roared and the bag tumbled away .
tr	NN	" Wards are solid , " Chance reported , coming back into the kitchen .
tr	NNS	My hounds were capable of protecting me if they had to , but against the black dogs they looked fragile .
tr	NN	Thinking of Adrian brought back the golden memories of our time together this afternoon .
tr	NNS	During that time , the letters from Savannah still came somewhat regularly , as did my phone calls to her .
tr	NN	That teacher is from the school where the little boy is missing . "
tr	NNS	Surely the Solar batteries are effective and sufficient . "
tr	NNS	The other two elevators arrived .
tr	NN	One brutal scar was right by his eye .
tr	NNS	Their deaths would come this night as well .
tr	NNS	Behind the strip mall , red cliffs stood out sharply against the white , and it occurred to me that I 'd never seen a desert snowfall .
tr	NN	" I need you to take me to Burley 's , " said my pa .
tr	NN	The groggy nap hangover began to fade .
tr	NN	The guilt of Myka 's kidnapping made her stomach clench , but she had to put her unexpectedly maternal feelings aside .
tr	NN	The policeman looked at the fire marshal and then back at Joey .
tr	NNS	Sadness washed over him .
tr	NNS	But even the inner workings of the Bradley department store chain couldn 't keep him fixated for long anymore .
tr	NNS	The invaders had come at breakfast , near dawn , hours ago .
tr	NN	For anyone to trumpet American justice as the most blind had to be blind .
tr	NN	The white paint was pure and perfect ; the emerald green trim glistened .
tr	NNS	The documents also give me custody of Ian , making Ian 's fate mine to decide .
tr	NN	" There was another email last week about corporate espionage .
tr	NNS	The letters were purple and wide , shaped like tiny bubbles , like the script of a sweet little girl .
tr	NN	The sizable sum could have paid to further my education for a PhD , but I had chosen stability instead .
tr	NN	The jangling got Matt 's attention and he turned in time to get smacked on the cheek with the keys .
tr	NN	Luckily , the Seattle operation was complete and his units were cleaning up the surrounding area of criminal gangs .
tr	NN	So that option is out . "
tr	NNS	Romulus lingered on the question .
tr	NN	The coast was further away than Snowden , but he knew Sapphire well enough to honor her request .
tr	NNS	As the Queen Anne 's Revenge sails on the tide , the mothers and older sisters with Diana watch from the pier .
tr	NNS	After that ... The Others caught some of the attackers and killed them , right out on the street .
tr	NNS	God knew , her birthdays had never mattered to her parents .
tr	NNS	Screams echoed out of the dark dungeon below , along with the clinking of chains against metal .
tr	NNS	Reyes watched Maddox with shock .
tr	NNS	" If only all public servants showed such dedication to the Royal House . "
tr	NN	Please be reckoned , all ye who enter here , in this story dead men do tell tales , and so do their steeds .
tr	NN	The ceiling fan overhead click , click , clicked , gusts shifting the drapes around the towering teak bed .
tr	NN	Slowly , almost disbelieving , he said , " I care because I care about you . "
tr	NNS	One day , the coins just ran out .
tr	NN	" My mommy is dead , isn 't she ? "
tr	NN	The crown covers al but the natural freshwater lakes it needs to survive . "
tr	NNS	" What are the chances ? "
tr	NNS	Yes , sure enough , there were heat sources in some of those alcoves .
tr	NN	" But this grove will never seem young to me . "
tr	NNS	Even if in the end , she did the sensible thing and told him no , a few little kisses wouldn 't hurt .
tr	NNS	There are no more business meetings to attend , no appointments to keep , no production goals to reach .
tr	NNS	Questions popped into my mind , but two stood out and refused to leave without being asked .
tr	NN	" A vortex , " Murdoch said .
tr	NNS	The ceilings were just as high as I 'd imagined , and the windows just as huge ; obviously this building predated the widespread use of air-conditioning .
tr	NN	" No human healer can help me . "
tr	NNS	These roads can be a little tricky when it is dark .
tr	NN	" Where 'd the coke and the gun come from ? "
tr	NNS	At least the puppets got some action tonight .
tr	NN	The predator with her prey in her sights .
tr	NN	His formal manner seemed at odds with his formidable appearance and direct gaze .
tr	NNS	There were two crumpled napkins littering the counter -- therefore , it was likely cinnamon roll number three that he was finishing .
tr	NNS	Shouts came , ordering him to the floor .
tr	NN	A brown fedora rested to one side of his large , bald head .
tr	NN	The adrenaline has worn off and getting dressed takes a lot of energy .
tr	NNS	The symptoms , though , aren 't what I expect .
tr	NN	" A gas receipt ?
tr	NN	This gown will last a lifetime . "
tr	NN	" History was never my best subject .
tr	NN	The perky blonde pops her head into my view .
tr	NNS	" My apologies , " muttered Stein coughing and walked away .
tr	NN	A chanting that had started as a dull roar was growing to the point the plastic beads hanging in the doorways were rattling .
tr	NN	Soon her gown gaped in the back , and he pushed it to the floor .
tr	NN	From between the wings of each beast a rider emerged : booted , dressed in leather , and muffled against the chill of the upper atmosphere .
tr	NN	A puff of smoke seemed to come from her big rock ' n ' roll hairdo .
tr	NN	Each thrust is so deep that I don 't think I can bear him .
tr	NNS	There are no guarantees .
tr	NNS	Those images frightened me more .
tr	NN	Outside the theatre were four laboratory technicians in white coats .
tr	NN	The FBI agent leaned back in her chair and rubbed her eyes with the tips of her fingers .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of the night before came back to her and she wondered if that had really been her .
tr	NN	The equipment was useless without batteries , and if they got stolen I didn 't care .
tr	NN	Jazz nodded at the check in Pansy 's hand .
tr	NN	" How much is your ice cream ? "
tr	NN	" Just what the world needs : another welfare brat . "
tr	NN	A small trickle of juice ran from the corner of his mouth as he spoke and gestured toward the paper with the forbidden fruit .
tr	NNS	Sadness clouded her features .
tr	NNS	Growling loudly , I stalked over to my window , opened it , and then turned back to him .
tr	NN	" What is your degree ?
tr	NNS	" Few sports demand reactions as quick as what a guy needs to hit a major league fastball .
tr	NNS	But the technicians had said it 'd be at least three weeks .
tr	NNS	Images of the baby from every angle appeared and disappeared .
tr	NNS	His gentleman qualities didn 't go unnoticed .
tr	NNS	More ammo pouches hung under his right armpit .
tr	NNS	The zombies in the pile cleared away and started running for the bridge , right at us .
tr	NNS	Alexis glared at Walter .
tr	NNS	Dave 's heavy eyelids sagged .
tr	NN	Her blush deepened and I narrowed my eyes .
tr	NN	The absence of the taunts and lectures , the yelling and demeaning accusations was euphoric !
tr	NNS	Hands wrapped around us as Noah joined in on our tight hug .
tr	NN	Her mother-in-law might be attending her fiftieth class reunion , but she was physically fit and mentally alert .
tr	NN	Preliminary analysis suggests that Sonny Holloway was killed by a machine pistol , almost certainly by the suspect who was killed by the firearms squad .
tr	NNS	Things had gotten pretty intense between them recently .
tr	NNS	The churches might or might not still be open , but little shoebox churches , and psychic parlors , opened in empty storefronts .
tr	NN	Her pulse stumbled erratically beneath the slow drag of his fingertip .
tr	NNS	The chips were down , and it was time to lay the cards on the table .
tr	NN	" The growl is your sister 's phone .
tr	NN	According to myth , the raft had then burst into flames that consumed him .
tr	NNS	Gramps pats his stomach .
tr	NNS	Wicker strands were dancing wildly and had gone into a feeding frenzy .
tr	NN	Love is all that I ever really wanted or needed from you .
tr	NNS	Where better to find such food than a birthday party , where mothers baked their love right into the batter ?
tr	NNS	From the port several kilometers away , several battleship horns blew , echoing along the river and throughout the city .
tr	NN	But there 's a limit , and so she broke in gently .
tr	NNS	' At least half the immortals on the planet are no longer trying to kill you . '
tr	NN	My shield collapsed , overloaded , and the bracelet began burning my wrist .
tr	NNS	Others frowned and hurried away .
tr	NN	And the perpetrator was in Mayfair within twenty-four hours of the violent event taking place . "
tr	NN	Teacups tumbled from their hands , the pot upended , spilling hot liquid over the table .
tr	NNS	There were so many descriptions of the deaths of their victims , that I couldn 't bear to hear anymore .
tr	NNS	The door opened , footsteps came in , falling too heavily to belong to any of the Brand women .
tr	NN	There was no mistaking it was them .
tr	NN	And , of course , the territory would suffer while a new employee was being trained .
tr	NN	Her physical hunger stirred .
tr	NN	His bedside manner was nonexistent .
tr	NN	The fellow grabbed his wound , wailing in pain , and stumbled into the path of his colleagues trying to reach them .
tr	NN	A transparent shield materializes around him , encasing his body within a dark sphere .
tr	NNS	Then the footsteps pause , but the voices continue .
tr	NNS	See how she doesn 't glow as brightly as before , her actions are slower as well .
tr	NNS	Romulus watched the lunch crowd , while Viktor gazed down at the king of spades card in his hand .
tr	NN	And the government isn 't going to lock him up just because he killed a rebel under duress . "
tr	NNS	The instant my eyelids lifted , though , the wind and sound vanished .
tr	NNS	Being proud and independent are both good traits in moderation .
tr	NNS	In a funny play the actors had to look serious .
tr	NN	His lazy drawl aborted her chaos .
tr	NNS	Someone 's priorities were a little skewed .
tr	NNS	Reyes had said there would always be evil in the world as long as people had free will , demons roaming the land or not .
tr	NN	" Remember , there is no limit on what to bid for me .
tr	NNS	For half an hour this dual battle raged in the sky , till upon the west cliff the invaders were completely annihilated .
tr	NN	There was weariness and distaste in the voice .
tr	NNS	The ladies clapped , the gentlemen crowding around Samuel to examine his gun .
tr	NN	My grandma seemed surprised to learn he had such a large family .
tr	NN	The cancer was out !
tr	NNS	As he worked her with his mouth , her movements became more agitated and her whimpers came faster through her panting until he pulled away .
tr	NN	" Nothin ' , " I said .
tr	NN	The Cat was dead , and all the old anger and the hate had burned away .
tr	NN	In his eyes was a wickedly happy gleam that he made no attempt to hide .
tr	NN	" The vows are next . "
tr	NNS	The explanations sounded plausible enough .
tr	NNS	The spices filled the air with the aroma of Christmas .
tr	NNS	Bugs spotted Percival Snodgrass across the room among a group of partygoers .
tr	NNS	Here and there amid the spiffy , dashing uniforms was a ship suit of dull gray or brown , similar to the one Severance wore .
tr	NN	" There is another option . "
tr	NN	" Right now the only prey I want is you .
tr	NNS	Things are getting a bit hot around here . "
tr	NN	Death in the commission of arson doesn 't apply here . "
tr	NNS	Several cavernous openings led away in all directions .
tr	NNS	' Well my sources tell me that Henry Mason had something to do with it being a set up .
tr	NNS	The mermaids thought it was hilarious watching the ships crash on the rocks and the men drown in the sea .
tr	NNS	In the gray-green glow of Kane 's night-vision camera , the slivers of light at the far end of the corridor began to break wider .
tr	NN	His next challenge was to get a fire going .
tr	NNS	The Spirit Animals stand guard ; they connect with enlightened humans as best they can .
tr	NN	Around the corner from the seating area , a middle-aged secretary with a red dye job was clacking away on a computer keyboard .
tr	NN	" Her alter , Toni , tried to kill you once .
tr	NNS	Friday dinners at the Stony Bay Bath and Tennis Club remain sacrosanct .
tr	NN	A sparkling crystal chandelier hung from the ceiling .
tr	NNS	As she picked her way to the bedroom door , the hardwood floors creaked and groaned despite her best efforts at a stealthy exit .
tr	NNS	Images from earlier in the day played out in Trajan 's mind .
tr	NNS	Screams sounded in the distance , and she started with each one .
tr	NNS	But wouldn 't the authorities understand just this once ?
tr	NN	His migraine was his hunger , and he could focus on nothing else .
tr	NNS	Even changing continents hadn 't really made any difference .
tr	NNS	A familiar , warm , soothing baritone spoke from behind me .
tr	NN	A secretary there had referred him to a man named Fred Winston , Dundee 's only real estate agent .
tr	NNS	The cats , looking frightened , were pacing restlessly inside the car .
tr	NN	Is buying a boat when you know nothing about sailing ' inconsequential ' ?
tr	NN	" We 'll be down in ten minutes , " the pilot announced , speaking through the earphones he 'd given each of them .
tr	NN	Every inch of my body moaned .
tr	NNS	One angry civilian with a rifle is enough for one night . "
tr	NN	" But deeper underground , the pressure keeps slowly mounting as the molten mantle rock rises , building up inside that colossal magma chamber . "
tr	NN	Bay 's shriek brought Gan around in a crouch , instinctively ready for this new threat .
tr	NNS	What were the ramifications ?
tr	NNS	Kids dressed in clothes of white , yellow and gold covered the landscape as the sunlight provided a gentle glow that lit up their world .
tr	NNS	My insecurities are about what 's on the inside .
tr	NNS	Things didn 't fit .
tr	NN	The sales chick smiled with dollar signs in her eyes , said she recognized me from other shopping trips , and asked where my mother was .
tr	NN	The annoyance on the viscount 's face was quite apparent .
tr	NN	The closer they came to the pond , the more peaceful Bree felt .
tr	NN	A limb returned in exchange for my soul .
tr	NN	Soon , one faction began battling another for survival engulfing the whole of the continent in a frenzy of ethnic cleansing driven on by fear and starvation .
tr	NNS	The peaks on either hand were not of red rock .
tr	NN	The man 's partner grabbed James 's shoulder .
tr	NN	" Because there is no balance . "
tr	NNS	" There are metals you didn 't tell me about .
tr	NNS	The colors pale , and I can focus on what I have to do .
tr	NN	" The TV and radio are missing . "
tr	NN	My career would not survive that .
tr	NNS	Questions and comments slammed into each other .
tr	NN	Another knight ran to strike her .
tr	NN	" Of course , sweetheart , " Mom says .
tr	NNS	Others winced and grimaced with each breath they took , and still others cried out in agony , each time dying a thousand deaths .
tr	NN	Physical condition is good .
tr	NN	" No , not again " the captain said again , faster now " we won 't surrender . "
tr	NN	" This factory holds technological wonders and engineering secrets beyond anything Huron has seen or will ever see .
tr	NNS	And nothing dreadful had jumped out either time the door opened .
tr	NNS	Morning classes came and went , but I wasn 't paying attention to what was being taught .
tr	NNS	' The media will do whatever we tell them . '
tr	NN	The castle towered behind us , the lake rippling in front .
tr	NNS	Her insults and tone didn 't faze Tick in the least .
tr	NNS	The professors had lost the creature 's trail in the snowy woods outside the resort .
tr	NNS	There are two soft beeps and a cold feeling pours into both my arms .
tr	NNS	Their figures drew closer at times and distanced themselves at others , bombarded by emotions and discord somewhat out of their control .
tr	NN	Her bra landed on the banister .
tr	NN	His chuckle brightened the hard edges of his expression .
tr	NN	The gate buzzed and the lock released .
tr	NN	A conflict of emotions roiled through him .
tr	NN	The ape looked , too -- before he sensed the Trick .
tr	NN	" I promise , that 's not the case , " said the receptionist , in an embarrassed tone .
tr	NN	The captain sighs over the earpiece and launches into his message .
tr	NN	Once upon a time , an angel lay dying in the mist .
tr	NN	Already a werewolf 's sight .
tr	NN	The teacher asked behind me .
tr	NN	" That trick was old the first time I did it .
tr	NNS	" There are many scholars and historians beyond Magnus who would disagree . "
tr	NN	When is Henry 's birthday ?
tr	NNS	His efforts made him sway , but yielded little result because the net was too confining for much movement .
tr	NN	The roar of the water was deafening .
tr	NNS	Things were beginning to get quite interesting .
tr	NNS	The edges of the river swirled madly against the rocks .
tr	NN	The fat fucker was getting his nose chewed off .
tr	NNS	The more she 'd insisted , the stronger the accusations of paranoia became .
tr	NNS	We have privacy , warmth , and I can assure you , the mattress is the top of the line . "
tr	NN	The intruder looked Stillwell in the face .
tr	NN	" Seal it , " the leader ordered .
tr	NN	" Your uncle runs the mortuary ?
tr	NNS	Things are not normal .
tr	NNS	The containers were in place .
tr	NN	" That booze hound ? "
tr	NN	Unfortunately , the landing was a bit loud .
tr	NNS	Things have changed in such a short time .
tr	NNS	Looks like we have some new bad guys in town . "
tr	NN	" The government has sent bombers to Star Cove , and they have tanks , police cars and who knows what else surrounding the community .
tr	NNS	Things promised to get interesting .
tr	NNS	The gates opened soon after , but the magistrate still had every member of the caravan questioned .
tr	NNS	The tightness in my chest deflated , and I straightened .
tr	NNS	And even without it , most squirrels are a little more timid .
tr	NNS	There were also two prop planes fitted with floats being serviced on the other side .
tr	NNS	Others that it comes to the edge of the world and drops away into nothingness .
tr	NNS	Those creatures obeyed no master save for the Great Lord himself .
tr	NN	The paint was thick at the corner , but thinned as the board ran toward the rear of the house .
tr	NN	The courtyard was almost entirely overrun .
tr	NNS	Things are a lot more ... diverse out there these days .
tr	NNS	Alexis slowly got out of the car and stared at her home .
tr	NN	My Master nodded . '
tr	NNS	Now , your actions are a part of something greater .
tr	NN	But his announcement raised a bigger question .
tr	NN	It hits the tree , the tip buries right in the middle of the circle .
tr	NNS	With another step , the heavy chains lifted from the ground and tightened around his shoulders and neck .
tr	NN	The orb I reclaimed in my hand became hotter and I gripped it tightly until it burned .
tr	NN	" Please understand , the horny bard does not represent us . "
tr	NNS	Nicodemus raised his sword for the death blow .
tr	NN	The stab of jealousy brought her up short .
tr	NN	There was such conviction in his voice .
tr	NNS	His kisses wander down to my neck .
tr	NNS	The bartender 's movements were quick and practiced .
tr	NNS	There are two bedrooms downstairs , the smaller one I 'd used until my grandmother died and her large one across the hall from it .
tr	NN	Most important , gratitude is due to the author 's family for its unending and loving patience during the months when these chapters were written and rewritten .
tr	NNS	Well , the werewolves did anyway .
tr	NN	His weakness was so easy to exploit .
tr	NN	The deputy drew back in disgust .
tr	NN	A gentle tap sounded on the door .
tr	NN	And if I could actual y do that , Holiday would have said something . "
tr	NN	The electric command called for huge opposing charges that would produce the equivalent of a serious lightning strike .
tr	NN	As far as I know , your momma was the only Watermelon Queen who ever got married in her queen dress . "
tr	NN	Matt 's momentum kept him going , but Damon simply turned in place and faced him again .
tr	NNS	Still , at least the two ladies now had somewhere to sit .
tr	NN	Where did my loyalty lie ?
tr	NNS	After the removal , the detectives gloved up , put their booties on and entered the bedroom .
tr	NNS	Myles had made that clear yesterday .
tr	NNS	There are three functions of Trig : Sine , Tangent , and Cosine . "
tr	NNS	Your consultancy fees and salary will cover the # 800,000 .
tr	NN	" Does the compromise lead to you winning ? "
tr	NN	His House had run a background check .
tr	NN	" Because the Second World War hadn ' t happened yet . "
tr	NNS	Most characters react badly to the reappearance of Drop Dead Fred , especially the woman 's mother .
tr	NNS	" Many tests are waiting for you .
tr	NNS	Jewels dripped from every exposed surface of her body .
tr	NN	The undercover street bum emerged from the alleyway and onto a major street that snaked through the bustling city .
tr	NN	" That 's commendable , " my uncle said .
tr	NNS	But the images in her mind were tenacious .
tr	NNS	His forearms rested on each side of my head and his mouth closed over mine , pressing open mouthed kisses against my lips .
tr	NN	An unbelievably loud roar rips through her skull and she cries out in excruciating pain .
tr	NNS	Spider programs trolled the internet and collected massive bits of data .
tr	NNS	Things were going to get bad .
tr	NN	There was no malice in her voice , and we all became instantly enchanted .
tr	NNS	The scales of that strange color she could not define were her sky .
tr	NNS	Things were good between us . "
tr	NN	A small pyre of rocks loomed ahead .
tr	NNS	" Those ladies aren 't geriatric . "
tr	NN	For him every operation on Nature is a kind of personal contact .
tr	NN	The T-shirt he wore was so thin he might as well be shirtless .
tr	NN	" Well that 's quite a predicament , now isn 't it ? "
tr	NNS	The villagers give thanks for what they have , and rejoice in another bountiful year for it is a time of joy and mutual support .
tr	NNS	All his movements became gentle and sedate .
tr	NNS	" And your twisted lies won 't change that . "
tr	NN	Each firing has a different purpose ; the dross varies , although the process remains about the same .
tr	NNS	These drinks arrived even faster than the first and Pierce could tell the footman was trying to display his worth .
tr	NNS	Cassius was laughing again .
tr	NN	My vertigo maxed out .
tr	NN	" No , " said the policeman .
tr	NNS	Makes sense , I guess , since I 'm heading that way . "
tr	NN	Probably the utmost of which was the word harvest .
tr	NN	The nausea grew as we rode the elevator to the floor that housed the training rooms .
tr	NN	" What does master want us to do now ? "
tr	NN	" You won , t do that , Jimmy . "
tr	NN	The discovery had made national headlines ; Janice Grey 's murder probably would 've gone unsolved without Francesca .
tr	NNS	The instruction sessions are third cool .
tr	NNS	No empty seats were available , giving Selena the impression that she wasn 't welcomed there .
tr	NNS	The handlers are yelling , both to me and into their walkie-talkies .
tr	NNS	The drops splattered against me .
tr	NNS	Others talked about this pattern as coevolution , in which two or more life-forms evolved simultaneously to tolerate each other .
tr	NN	In front of the gates stretched a quiet , sheltered bay that rarely knew the turbulence of sea storms .
tr	NNS	The mages had saved his life , but he never asked them to .
tr	NNS	My daggers lay useless at my sides .
tr	NN	For all I know , the author who wrote the book never even saw my work .
tr	NNS	There are small differences like the incense , use of icons instead of statues , and , more significant , the absence of purgatory .
tr	NNS	Their stupid expressions on their stupid faces .
tr	NN	Okay , domination was not her idea of sexy .
tr	NN	Perhaps her grandmother had fallen in love with a dashing pilot who had been killed before they could get married .
tr	NNS	His cheekbones were well defined and high , setting off a strong jawline and wide , expressive lips .
tr	NNS	Tris released me earlier , and her fingers now brush the floor .
tr	NN	The captain hesitated as he looked at Joe .
tr	NN	That pendant was the signal .
tr	NN	The trio said hi to her cheerfully .
tr	NNS	Some planes looked like they were about to fly away and some just had the seats left .
tr	NN	My grandmother had it built for me , when I was three years old .
tr	NNS	The intestinal cramps from a diet too heavy with citrus and too little bread had weakened his legs .
tr	NNS	The posters of the pop stars on the wall .
tr	NN	The old charm never failed .
tr	NN	A fierce glint filled his father 's eyes .
tr	NNS	The two healers appeared drained and nearly helpless .
tr	NN	The video ends and Rick Mann picks up where he left off .
tr	NNS	The footsteps began running now , stumbling over rocks and fallen branches .
tr	NN	In May , the horrible progression seemed to intensify .
tr	NN	The cord of electricity I 'd summoned curled up into itself before disappearing into my hand like a turtle seeking the shelter of its shell .
tr	NNS	Makes the thing and what it 's concealing look like it isn 't even there . "
tr	NN	The determination and honesty on his face all but vibrated the air between them .
tr	NNS	The roads are bad .
tr	NN	Both the dwarfs stared at it as if in shock .
tr	NN	The hunk would have to do because she didn 't know how much longer she 'd be able to hold it together .
tr	NNS	The peppers melted in her mouth offering only the essence of their flavor without the pepper 's usual bite .
tr	NNS	When the river cruise was over , the Irish Americans had gone off on a five-day golfing tour .
tr	NNS	The butterflies were going crazy in my stomach again .
tr	NN	Part of me is dying to tell him .
tr	NN	A fine layer of dust billowed into the air .
tr	NN	I dove forward , grabbed his gun , and twisted , firing at the other man .
tr	NN	The lack of fear seemed so foreign now .
tr	NNS	" Not yet , but her minions are eager to cross over . "
tr	NNS	The air breaks hissed and the truck began to slow its pace as they moved slowly closer to the unloading docks in the rear of the plant .
tr	NNS	" And now , he 's a Royal Perfect , " Bugs voiced with pleasure .
tr	NN	The infection has spread faster than any other known disease .
tr	NN	A low growl from Streak stopped me .
tr	NNS	A dozen servants had maintained the ridiculous bathing room , but now it had been converted into a gallery to accept Song Swans .
tr	NNS	Flames licked up the walls and spread across the ceiling , casting orange shadows everywhere .
tr	NNS	The screen shots showed a fully decorated yard , with lights illuminating the blow-up workshop , and then a completely black , blank screen .
tr	NN	The script would next have him declare his love and kiss her passionately .
tr	NNS	There 's an ... altar at the back of the platform .
tr	NN	" And when the hunt isn 't successful ? "
tr	NNS	His preparations for speaking with Silo One had graduated almost to the level of ritual .
tr	NN	The lieutenant approached the counter .
tr	NNS	The pirates found the whole scene hilarious and laughed at their strange new friends , who had so recently been enemies .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids were millimeters away from sliding closed .
tr	NN	When does the assault commence ? "
tr	NN	The grey , inconspicuously drab design of the large throne room does nothing to advertise the lavish interior .
tr	NNS	The spies of Angband sought for them in vain ; and their dwelling was as a rumour , and a secret that none could find .
tr	NNS	Dogs began to howl .
tr	NNS	Chalky showed them to the guest quarters then left .
tr	NNS	The thick pouches hanging around his waist weighted down his belt .
tr	NN	But my original design remains essentially unaltered .
tr	NN	Love looked over from his desk .
tr	NNS	The possibilities are endless . "
tr	NN	" The theory might be wrong ? "
tr	NNS	The huge silver Mercedes had no suspension left and the seats formed buckets that threatened to swallow her .
tr	NNS	My contacts are pretty good .
tr	NN	" Aye , ' t is me .
tr	NNS	Had the gnomes received their dark magic from the humans above ?
tr	NN	Part of me is angry .
tr	NNS	From what Maggie could tell , the factories were no longer in use .
tr	NN	Almost as if hearing her soft words , the vicar slowly turned and regarded her from across the room .
tr	NNS	The two halves of Sebastian 's army had closed in and were encircling the Nephilim in their midst .
tr	NN	A spectrum of design , form , and function discarded anything that might appear haphazard , or ungainly .
tr	NN	But if your mind moves more quickly than a bullet , then from your perspective , the bullet would appear to be in slow motion .
tr	NN	Her head was pounding , her belly felt raw and tight .
tr	NNS	A wordless , lustful , growl reverberated through his chest and he spun from the wall and tossed me onto the big bed .
tr	NNS	" Those stakes in the ditch are very sharp . "
tr	NNS	His kisses were now reaching her shoulder .
tr	NN	But no matter how lavish the rooms or how kind the guards , a prison was still a prison .
tr	NNS	Wings flapped frantically , and those saber teeth made a play for his face .
tr	NNS	For a split second Marian hesitated to tell Mad Dog they 'd reached the fishing hole .
tr	NNS	The couples on the dance floor renewed their interest in the music , quizzing glasses were lowered , and conversations resumed .
tr	NN	" But honesty trumps false security every time . "
tr	NN	" My grandmother knows and she has already warned me . "
tr	NNS	Their tongues hung out , and they jumped excitedly at his feet , waiting for him to throw a Frisbee .
tr	NN	Each layer was more agonizing than the last , and with each blow , I felt like I was being torn apart .
tr	NN	Neat , loopy , girly script covered the page .
tr	NNS	There were passageways that twisted and turned and sometimes led nowhere .
tr	NNS	Directly above her , the fireflies were flitting ever faster around the vaulted ceiling of roots .
tr	NNS	Primal instincts kicked in .
tr	NN	The only illumination came from across the road .
tr	NNS	Three more fireworks shot up over the freeway , contorting into purple stars as they burst against the dissipating smoke .
tr	NNS	Theses ladies knew how to throw a search party .
tr	NN	An upright tube with a handle that you pressed down and that came back up automatically .
tr	NNS	The images grew more and more disjointed after that , turning into a wall of solid red in Rachel 's mind - a wall of blood .
tr	NNS	The companions dismounted , and unpacked their sleep mats and blankets .
tr	NNS	The squirrels she spied weren 't gray but red , and many of the leaves on bushes were larger than she was .
tr	NN	" Aye , she did , " the leader said softly .
tr	NN	" The captain has agreed to help . "
tr	NN	This isn ' t like Mrs. Bethany 's traps - a wraith can resist a mirror , if she knows ilie attack is coming . "
tr	NN	At this point the absence of mint marks resulted in a polite inquiry as to the original provenance of the gold .
tr	NNS	Nerves flashed through me as I started wondering if he 'd pull me into the backroom .
tr	NN	The patrons scanned the newcomers as they entered , but curiosity sated quickly returned to their drinks and conversations .
tr	NN	The twinkle in his eyes made me feel warm all over .
tr	NNS	Behind him , the seamstress and her assistants slipped out the door .
tr	NNS	Her sobs create a new set of flowing wet hot tears .
tr	NNS	Waves of grass bow down to the twister , whipped down by the surrounding air flying in to feed it .
tr	NNS	If anything , her efforts would only make it worse .
tr	NN	The sheriff ground his jaw together , but there was no outward sign that he was angry about the appearance of his new wife 's son .
tr	NN	A canyon that could be bridged if one of us started building it .
tr	NN	Steam and smoke rose from his midsection .
tr	NNS	His paws were up on me , and he was kissing my face .
tr	NNS	There are resources , information , and support available through this modest suite of applications .
tr	NNS	The other androids in our circle all began to clap .
tr	NNS	I see a guitar , the strings broken and sticking out at odd angles .
tr	NN	" Well , Mick never did like doing things the easy way , " his employer stated negligently .
tr	NN	But the progress of her tumor was unstoppable , and little by little there was no disguising it .
tr	NN	There is a false optimism in his voice as he looks uncertainly at me .
tr	NN	The beautiful blonde lifted her chin , her perfect figure stretched like a cat .
tr	NN	A cucumber fell from one of Madeline 's eyes and plopped into the murky liquid .
tr	NN	An intense hatred , akin to betrayal , is present in Curtis ' eyes .
tr	NNS	This morning 's activities added up to the most that lazy hound had moved in six months !
tr	NN	Ferry had stopped the gurney two paces from Murdoch and stood now at Hali 's left , trembling .
tr	NN	The realisation on her face as she struggled for breath was one of fear and terror , as blood raced into her lungs .
tr	NNS	What are the chances the Black Hand forgot to lock up ? "
tr	NN	And what is this " escaping " you talk about ?
tr	NNS	Like the mutated cells under my skin were trying to break free , bouncing off one another .
tr	NN	The sheriff grinned at her .
tr	NN	" Complete manual control ?
tr	NN	A long , shrill creak greeted his weight .
tr	NN	Cheerleading captain marries football captain . "
tr	NNS	" The Sea Dogs are like a farm team for a farm team . "
tr	NNS	As she had said , the wood sprites were flighty creatures , but they were also cursed with an insatiable craving for magic .
tr	NN	The thumb tip darkened , as if she were wiping away years of accumulated dirt .
tr	NNS	Folks shut down their cars and ran back over here .
tr	NNS	Marius looked at him with a scowl .
tr	NNS	After I let you go , and you return to the world , our meetings will be different .
tr	NN	An open olive green crate protruded from the shadows on the other side of the factory , partially obscured by one of the defunct machines .
tr	NNS	Lots of vampires simply wouldn 't agree to being at a human 's beck and call , no matter what their head honcho said .
tr	NNS	So far , the pirates gave no indication they knew she was the president 's daughter .
tr	NN	A chuckle ventured up Julian 's throat .
tr	NNS	No services were performed , no rites undertaken .
tr	NNS	There was wetness between my thighs , as a reminder of the things we had done .
tr	NN	A typical map of the known world with our various colonies helpfully painted a light red .
tr	NNS	Our blades were a sure weapon to fell an immortal foe .
tr	NNS	And even then , there were no guarantees . "
tr	NN	The harness bounced around over the canopy where we landed .
tr	NNS	I mean , my experiences were enough to warrant investigation .
tr	NN	" Franklin , take our baggage back upstairs as well , there 's a good fellow . "
tr	NN	The passion in his eyes ignited a matching flame in her .
tr	NN	Yes , there was definitely a black halo , no starlight .
tr	NNS	There are many thousands who need guidance on the southern continent for now .
tr	NN	" He ' l remain neutral . "
tr	NN	Reality forced its way through her need .
tr	NNS	Gramps looked up from his plate and directly into my eyes .
tr	NN	A false bulkhead , along with clever use of the ship 's geometry , sufficiently disguised the secret room .
tr	NNS	The aliens didn 't need to do that ; they can stop on a dime .
tr	NN	Her teacher couldn 't even tell the difference .
tr	NNS	Their uniforms are light grey shirts and work pants , no decorations or rank insignias , just pockets and tool loops and laminated ID badges .
tr	NNS	Some surrounding passengers scream out in fear .
tr	NNS	The movies and plays that had been done about it were always very serious .
tr	NNS	His wrap-around sunglasses masked his eyes and hid his unease .
tr	NNS	All her belongings had made it through with her .
tr	NN	Why in the hell is the black pepper in the fridge ?
tr	NNS	Several expressions seemed hostile .
tr	NN	The blush only deepened as she realised the duplicates would have seen even more than the outfit allowed earlier when changing her into the spacer garb .
tr	NNS	Others disagree with this extreme interpretation .
tr	NN	" Dani , " the grandmother called unexpectedly .
tr	NN	His thrusting grew more frenzied , his cock thickening magnificently until she was certain she was losing her mind .
tr	NNS	" Eye witnesses report seeing a group of kids hanging around the back , and we think the fire started in the dumpster .
tr	NN	His expression changed , something achingly tender moving in his eyes .
tr	NNS	But , after seeing the Ancients up close and knowing in their hearts an air strike had saved them , their priorities had shifted a bit .
tr	NN	The justice of the peace cleared her throat as Brent , Chris and McKenna gathered in a small semi-circle beside them , the water behind them .
tr	NN	A bookcase leaned against one wall .
tr	NNS	Waves slap playfully at the pilings .
tr	NNS	And if I remember correctly there were women leaders in the past as well , just think of the countless queens who ruled for decades . "
tr	NN	A serene environment was just what I needed in that chaotic and unstable relationship .
tr	NN	But that was a couple hundred years ago , and when everyone realized how common the leftover Ghost garbage was , the novelty wore off .
tr	NNS	Not all shifters were wolves , and the Pack 's sounds were just as varied and cacophonous .
tr	NN	All the vitality drained out of Ryan 's face .
tr	NNS	Two very large Husk warriors shadowing right behind her and providing a buffer of safety , if need be .
tr	NN	And in the meantime , an entirely new crisis has dropped into your life .
tr	NN	A square shaped torrent of water suddenly dropped from the ceiling , making Chris jump backwards .
tr	NN	A chasm yawns between us now , as wide and as deep as the river that runs between this world and the land of the dead .
tr	NNS	The roads are a little slushy and slick so he reaches to the small shifter in the center and shoves it into four-wheel drive .
tr	NNS	Elias raised his brows .
tr	NNS	And the letters seemed to swirl and dance and squirm about , as if imbued with life .
tr	NNS	Why waste our supplies on a criminal ?
tr	NN	" I made sure they knew , " the sheriff said .
tr	NN	Grief and anguish came boiling up until she wanted to scream out in pain .
tr	NNS	Lights glowed red and dials swung back as the Cessna dropped .
tr	NNS	Later generations would call them hand grenades .
tr	NNS	The runes on the wall shimmered and grew faint as though the wall was absorbing them .
tr	NNS	A stray rifle blasts hit the side of the rocket launcher and the control panel suddenly went blank .
tr	NN	The lounge in my flat is a long room .
tr	NNS	Her movements seemed to affect Balan strongly .
tr	NN	A suffocating claustrophobia hung over everything like a heavy blanket , seeming to block out all sound .
tr	NN	The hatch came to rest on a thick mat of green vegetation ; much of it looked like grass .
tr	NNS	The zombies clearly had never heard of stop , drop , and roll .
tr	NNS	The companions continued in the same direction they had been going .
tr	NNS	Its millions of fragments scattered about on the floor , all too sharp to pick up yet each too valuable to sweep away .
tr	NN	Her serenity vanished , replaced with frigid disapproval , and I steeled myself against it .
tr	NNS	The only bees that 'll be doing any ' stinging ' round here will be the ones that arrive next week in their new hives . "
tr	NNS	The documents detailed the forfeiture of my position as Jacob 's personal assistant and a new position as a staff publicist .
tr	NN	" But the diary isn 't .
tr	NNS	The aliens had caught up to us .
tr	NNS	Few villagers were out and about at such an early hour .
tr	NNS	The floors are cold right now , but they 'll be warm as soon as Dad gets the fire going .
tr	NN	His career coincided with Rome 's momentous change from Republic to Empire .
tr	NNS	Black scales covered the top of his arms , the middle of his face and his chest .
tr	NNS	Their footsteps echoed off the tunnel walls along with dripping water and the squealing of rodents fleeing at their approach .
tr	NN	A tube connected to her arm fed liquid medicine into her bloodstream .
tr	NN	My 97th birthday is a couple weeks away , and I intend this to be my final journal entry .
tr	NN	" That vent is too small . "
tr	NNS	Others led normal lives as long as they didn 't nag or answer back too much .
tr	NNS	" Classical artists don 't always see it that way . "
tr	NN	Afterwards , the panel quickly slid up into the ceiling , revealing a long narrow catwalk .
tr	NNS	And , there are some persons who simply want to kick back without reporters hounding them ; we can provide that atmosphere .
tr	NNS	" Well , my French wasn 't quite good enough to follow it .
tr	NNS	The two young werewolves looked hopefully at Sali .
tr	NNS	Bigger growls were escaping the saliva dripping mouth of the troll than all the gargoyles growls put together .
tr	NN	" There is too much emotion tied to a divorce for it not to come to that , " the attorney interjected .
tr	NNS	Within seconds the travelers found themselves tightly pressed against a rocky alcove and herded like sheep .
tr	NN	His compulsion didn 't work on her .
tr	NN	His best theory is that the fuel injector was jammed but he doesn 't think it 'll happen again .
tr	NN	There was sympathy in his voice , " Listen , Jack .
tr	NN	The pit bulls ? "
tr	NNS	His actions are more straight-forward that this .
tr	NNS	The drums beat loud against his ears , and the pipes soared again , throbbing , urging , calling to him to move quickly .
tr	NNS	Looks like my father wouldn 't accept help from you either . "
tr	NN	Through the middle of it rolled a waterfall , topped off by a fountain .
tr	NN	A stroke of his finger against my cheek set my nerves ablaze .
tr	NNS	Things around here haven 't changed all that much in the last hundred years . "
tr	NN	' Ha , even the damn soup there is fifteen dollars ! '
tr	NN	The day before Thanksgiving , Jared final y offered his first word of encouragement .
tr	NNS	Rufus looked on angrily .
tr	NNS	The Native Americans often welcomed us , and begged our company when the white men started over running all the lands within sight and beyond .
tr	NN	Hired transport , as it turned out , was much the same in France as it was in England , only more limited .
tr	NN	Meanwhile , the aforementioned player was already standing by his ball .
tr	NNS	Her own boldness shocked her .
tr	NNS	Diggs got a bottled water from the fridge for himself , and I nodded gratefully when he tipped one my way .
tr	NN	the commander of an alien race replied .
tr	NNS	" How have the negotiations been going over the last few days ? "
tr	NNS	There were only two directions : up and down .
tr	NN	Kai 's uncle and the team geologist led the way , bounding down steps two at a time .
tr	NNS	" Dogs get wet and stinky .
tr	NN	Despite his size , the Dwarf of White was an imposing presence .
tr	NN	" The maid is bringing towels . "
tr	NNS	But his instincts had told him that this would be a good place in which to establish the organization .
tr	NNS	Violent sobs that I didn 't know I had the strength to create racked my body .
tr	NNS	Lots of folks do it .
tr	NNS	Makes our captives feel like they somehow time traveled to the Dark Ages . "
tr	NNS	Until five minutes ago , the duchess had never shown the slightest interest in whether Alexandra ate or not .
tr	NN	Chance cut me a worried look , but I didn 't care .
tr	NN	A feathery lightness that pushed the red away and tamed the animal that was seething inside me .
tr	NN	Tami 's whole manner seemed to change .
tr	NNS	But the countess had no rest by the dead .
tr	NNS	The nurses escorted him out ? "
tr	NNS	From the looks of it , a few bystanders had been victims of the hail of bullets .
tr	NNS	The footsteps departed and he was alone in the dark .
tr	NNS	The species have been crossing since the beginning of time . "
tr	NN	There was no proof of this and I had too much interest and respect for her late father to quit .
tr	NNS	Half a dozen clerks were busy with customers .
tr	NN	His first instinct was to snicker .
tr	NN	" Mum , that bitch abandoned you .
tr	NN	The black van had accelerated and matched his move .
tr	NNS	Cars roared past in both directions .
tr	NN	But would her neighbor even consider fencing his yard ?
tr	NN	In addition , her critical review of the novel was of enormous help .
tr	NNS	Fiona 's defenses rose against his words .
tr	NNS	Reyes lay under a mound of heavy blankets .
tr	NNS	It was a quivering , elderly man in vibrant amethyst , wisps of grey hair matted down on his slick , grey skin .
tr	NNS	Things are pretty hot .
tr	NN	There was a loud click , and a small metal piece popped out .
tr	NN	Your birthday means going home , and yeah , maybe she 'll get to go with you , but maybe she 'll die trying .
tr	NN	The roar of an engine sounds behind me and I turn around to see a familiar truck pulling in .
tr	NN	Outside his office , his London secretary lifted and turned her head at the amazing , heretofore unknown , sound coming from her boss 's office .
tr	NN	But like every encounter with Grace these days , this exchange hadn 't given him the satisfaction he craved .
tr	NN	She was wearing one of her exquisite early afternoon gowns , a cream-colored robe embroidered with silver floss .
tr	NNS	" What are those differences ? "
tr	NN	The senator glared indignantly at having been interrupted .
tr	NN	The blank slate needs receptors to take inputs from the environment .
tr	NNS	Marlene 's voice cracked and tears were marring her flawlessly applied makeup .
tr	NN	Her landlord didn 't recognise her , and nor did anybody else .
tr	NN	His coin 's as good as any man 's .
tr	NNS	The footsteps sounded too close now , accompanied by drunken laughter .
tr	NN	" The Cat Factory , you 're going to work at The Cat Factory . "
tr	NN	The Prophecy of Maurice After dinner Brother Martin and Maurice walked down to Brother George 's workshop .
tr	NN	The vodka darkened a large circle around his crotch and spread down one leg .
tr	NN	The goddess stepped back .
tr	NN	The euphoria from having a well-deserved nap was wearing away .
tr	NNS	" The hostages that were given to your father , " she breathed .
tr	NN	Her brief chuckle and sudden bounce to her stride made me avert my attention from my surroundings to gawk at her .
tr	NN	" My grandmother loved the movie Moonstruck .
tr	NN	One night our lamp shorted out and then there was this horrible smell .
tr	NN	Nausea tickled her stomach .
tr	NN	But the white robe was his favorite , hands-down .
tr	NNS	Witches were crafty and my mind raced to Tally and I hoped she was all right .
tr	NNS	Even though it was daytime , the surroundings looked gloomy .
tr	NN	There 's the proof . "
tr	NN	The gargoyle considered his words a long moment , perhaps pondering whether he could force a more specific promise from Viper .
tr	NNS	Even though , she had to admit , the woman 's cookies were completely amazing .
tr	NN	Again , the inspector nodded .
tr	NNS	There was nothing drab about either of them .
tr	NNS	Her many necklaces glittered in the sunlight .
tr	NNS	Looks like - " A knock interrupted them .
tr	NN	" Your coughing is nothing to the screaming and shouting that goes on through the night in here .
tr	NNS	The Detective picks up the rose with a gloved hand and smells it for freshness .
tr	NN	The schedule confirms one birthday party from ten to noon .
tr	NN	The jet 's hatch opened and Brennan , Davis and Lithgow stepped off the airplane ; all three wearing uniforms of U.S. Immigration Officers .
tr	NN	Unknown : Come in the front door , unarmed and alone .
tr	NNS	" These sessions will help , but they 're only once a week .
tr	NNS	" Don 't the wolves have to be part of your family ? "
tr	NNS	Things he knew he shouldn 't even want .
tr	NN	The sergeant moved a foot tentatively .
tr	NNS	As with the others , there are no witnesses to her abduction .
tr	NNS	My boobs are going to be frozen solid , plus I 'm pretty sure I see people down there .
tr	NN	But any adult who goes in without an invitation doesn 't come back out .
tr	NN	The first option seemed best , but I wanted to get a bit of info from Eve before making my move .
tr	NNS	Example after example of destruction , with linked , shocking images followed , stunning the class into silence .
tr	NNS	" So , those threatening letters meant nothing . "
tr	NN	Our goal is to preserve human live . "
tr	NNS	As the scarf and tie merged and ran down my neck , the two blended together like two red vipers during mating season .
tr	NNS	Our assailants were behind us , but not the flames .
tr	NNS	All characters appearing in this work are fictitious .
tr	NN	" A head injury , I think .
tr	NN	" Ok , I 'm sorry , continue . "
tr	NNS	Her footsteps echoed loudly in the silent house .
tr	NN	" The bastard was on the phone with Daedalus .
tr	NN	The castle seemed as further as it did when we began running in this dusty desert .
tr	NN	" The Pendleton directory lists a Marie Philips . "
tr	NN	My gut instinct told me not to ask , but curiosity got the best of me .
tr	NNS	Little tics and miniscule movements made him read like a loaded weapon .
tr	NN	My eyelids flutter closed .
tr	NN	Adolescent rebellion has been responsible for all manner of absurd costumes .
tr	NNS	All computer networks are disabled .
tr	NNS	Sometimes the banks dropped low , and she could see the dark hills all around .
tr	NN	A faint haze capped the top of some of the tallest of the mountains , which seemed to rise to more than a mile above the ground .
tr	NN	Even now there was a strange glint in his eye . "
tr	NNS	The rutted and bumpy dirt roads around the county were harsh on any kind of machine operating over them .
tr	NNS	Are the other suites on this floor occupied ? "
tr	NNS	Just as his opponents had .
tr	NN	The stranger leapt into the fray and his sword now held the knight 's sword at bay .
tr	NN	" Now there 's an interesting concept . "
tr	NNS	The three dwarves emerged from the Gateway , looking in wonderment around the ornate room .
tr	NN	The astonishment which I had at first experienced on this discovery soon gave place to delight and rapture .
tr	NNS	Looks to me like it 's probably broken . "
tr	NN	The cable sagged back over them and out of light range .
tr	NN	A firestorm of emotion and feeling boiled through her , crashing over her like waves on the sand .
tr	NN	A deep red comforter with the royal crest rested on it .
tr	NNS	Other smells of him filled her nostrils with the bloom of the range .
tr	NN	But instead of chomping down on me , the baby gryphon skipped over and put his head against the back of my leg , nudging me forward .
tr	NNS	The pirates held their flintlock pistols , one in each hand , on the crowd , while Hendrick searched Mr. Wicker 's pockets .
tr	NNS	The eye witnesses of the grassy knoll also soon died .
tr	NN	" But lightning can if it 's a storm . "
tr	NNS	Four other pairs of eyes watched , tensed and waiting for me to run .
tr	NNS	Silver spines exploded out in random directions , bouncing off Iain 's armored coat and hitting the rotting wood with a hollow thwack .
tr	NN	The simplicity of the statement sobered her and she stood straight , wiping at her cheeks with her fingers .
tr	NNS	" Any predictions on the storm track ? "
tr	NN	Calm determination swirled in the air around all of them .
tr	NN	The presentation started with stolen pictures of her when she 's still young .
tr	NNS	Those sunglasses in the Range Rover weren 't Franklin 's either .
tr	NNS	Marius hopped into the closest dune buggy and pulled on a dusty pair of goggles .
tr	NN	He was , nevertheless , keeping up though and as he stared at the other stage , the masked guitarist looked uncomfortable .
tr	NN	This steak is fucking delicious .
tr	NNS	The media will love it .
tr	NNS	Alexis slowly stood from her chair and walked over to the witness stand .
tr	NN	Angelina 's contribution to the conversation was almost the same as that which she normally reserved for Mrs Adcock ; nods and grunts of acknowledgement .
tr	NNS	A few shared kisses did not a future make .
tr	NN	An orgasm made all the richer by the love of the woman who held him so intimately .
tr	NNS	One dusting of this stuff and you 'll be asleep in seconds .
tr	NNS	Two million dragon scales . "
tr	NN	The pack leader slipped his leash , took off after Lucy , and chased her into the tack room .
tr	NNS	Then six months ago the letters stopped .
tr	NNS	Myles shook his head .
tr	NNS	Lots of men made mistakes .
tr	NNS	Although they were gorgeous works of art in their own right , the slabs ' very contents gave onlookers a shudder .
tr	NN	Our fastidious and morally concerned mayor stopped by to pay a visit .
tr	NNS	The creatures continued to howl and scream , like feral dogs .
tr	NNS	The leaders have bestowed on them a great responsibility which affords them greater powers than their brethren .
tr	NNS	Heavy thuds landed on it and June 's howls got louder .
tr	NNS	What are the chances of her making it to your birthday to get you home if you stay with her ?
tr	NN	My neighbor has only recently decided to sell .
tr	NNS	These creatures want Mars all to themselves .
tr	NN	There was new paneling on the walls and several new tools including a brand new floor saw that took up most of one corner .
tr	NN	35 IT FELT LIKE SHE WAS going to a ball again .
tr	NNS	Paul 's tan skin was gray , his cheekbones so sunken he looked more skeleton than flesh and blood .
tr	NN	A gag was in his mouth .
tr	NN	After a few minutes , the discomfort and cramping subsided , but his smile lingered .
tr	NN	How did your species sneak its way up into the sentient group ?
tr	NN	The maid shook her head .
tr	NNS	The sunglasses , however , he kept on .
tr	NN	Love looked at Stuart .
tr	NN	" The madness will end .
tr	NNS	Plasma burns hadn 't left much of a face to recognise .
tr	NNS	Skulls balanced on many of the sharp points .
tr	NNS	The blades , claws and teeth of his brothers would leave nothing but tufts of hair and cubes of meat to mark this meek resistance .
tr	NNS	My maternal grandparents live a few blocks away .
tr	NNS	But no cruisers , nor any other ships .
tr	NN	The adrenaline rushed through her body and she was moving before she recognized .
tr	NN	There is no electricity from Virginia to Maine .
tr	NNS	Reyes figured out her mistake immediately , that she believed she would be expected to service them both from now on .
tr	NN	Your grandma is a very honorable woman .
tr	NNS	Not even the whores will take you when you pay them for it .
tr	NN	Love would do miracles ; it works like a charm especially in case of studies and exams .
tr	NNS	" And by the way , some creatures find it perfectly acceptable behavior to eat their young . "
tr	NNS	Looks like the Queen got him .
tr	NN	Too much lust , and his eyes would glow red .
tr	NN	The popularity of this series continues to grow with his 2012 installment , Murder on the Outer Banks .
tr	NN	But one long-legged spider , as large as her palm , scurried into the spot as though to fill it up .
tr	NNS	So maybe all those movies about aliens coming here to destroy humans wasn 't just science fiction after all ?
tr	NN	A sharp stab of hunger had him sucking a swift breath .
tr	NNS	The hills to my left made it impossible to get lost , and the terrain was smooth .
tr	NN	The singer led Fat Charlie up to the little stage , his heart beating wildly in his chest .
tr	NNS	" I had no idea I was pressing anything upon you , James , " the dowager duchess huffed .
tr	NNS	" When will the fireworks start ? "
tr	NNS	Upon his belt there were many items , mostly ones that would be used in extreme scenarios .
tr	NN	A staircase ascended to my immediate right , and just ahead , at the foot of its steps , loomed the front door .
tr	NNS	The servants of the Returned were not formidable soldiers or warriors .
tr	NN	Their clothing was of dark colors , but often faded from too much sun or too many washings .
tr	NN	To his credit , the colonel was willing to consider just about anything if it brought results .
tr	NNS	Others nodded in agreement .
tr	NNS	" So different versions of Quickly are coming and going through this place all the time ? "
tr	NNS	John 's instincts were right on .
tr	NNS	Two mech wolves and Comrade Drone led the " honor guard . "
tr	NNS	" Also , my grandparents had only recently arrived from Hungary .
tr	NN	Why was my uncle down here ?
tr	NN	A sheriff 's deputy was taking pictures of the various rooms and the damage .
tr	NN	" Understood , " the sergeant responds .
tr	NN	And an inexplicable need to keep Isabella close and safe .
tr	NN	Your bra is only big enough to hold marshmallows .
tr	NNS	The pupils were now dark red and the whites , silver .
tr	NN	The two of us dug into our breakfast , the hot broth of the scorpion stew soothing my throat .
tr	NN	The envoy bowed low to the Scarlet King and pronounced , " To my King I present the delegates from the far lands . "
tr	NN	The sheriff ran his fingers through his black hair .
tr	NN	The lust I felt was unsupportable .
tr	NN	The bullet entered his head just above the left eye , freezing the smile on his face .
tr	NN	The loft was too quiet , and it was getting on my nerves .
tr	NNS	All these items were Teenie 's .
tr	NNS	The polished parquet floors and gilded mirrors reflected the light of the dozens of candelabras illuminating the room .
tr	NN	The leopard looked back at him with green cat 's eyes .
tr	NN	" They must have spotted our camp , " a Sioux warrior snarled outside .
tr	NN	" An elemental is first a wind spirit , Nis . "
tr	NN	" And what I said in the cafeteria was true .
tr	NN	As an afterthought Love stepped over to the fridge .
tr	NNS	The ordinary predictions are bad enough .
tr	NNS	My belongings fall to the floor and I squat down , covering my face as I sob into my hands .
tr	NN	The industrial strength metal flashlight was heavy and the blow sent a screaming pain through my forearm and up my shoulder .
tr	NNS	Once I flashed on someone or something , those vibes , feelings , and emotions became part of me .
tr	NN	So , the captain has returned . "
tr	NNS	The nurses bandaged the side of my head and cleaned the numerous wounds .
tr	NNS	The media lost interest , heading off to obsess over a Center City triple homicide .
tr	NNS	All the elemental planes reap of that bounty .
tr	NNS	The images scattered until she was staring into the face of the man that boy had grown into .
tr	NN	The sun shone through the open windows and a light breeze cooled the room .
tr	NN	Body language indicated she no longer needed him .
tr	NNS	As I was debating on whether to respond or just let that one hang in the air , a few couples came jogging down the hall .
tr	NNS	Lots of things were changing , though .
tr	NN	We won 't even get liftoff , " his pilot told him .
tr	NNS	Things were gray , but sharp and clear , clearer than they ever had been .
tr	NNS	The cells themselves are a pathetic testament to security , only a collection of iron bars spaced just tightly enough to prevent most from slipping through .
tr	NNS	Aurelius lifted one of my hands and kissed it .
tr	NNS	Of course , there were slaves ' deaths that most certainly weren 't documented .
tr	NN	The same trick question .
tr	NN	The only werewolf I wanted to write about was the one sitting a few rows behind me .
tr	NNS	Things like feeding and some facility for relieving themselves are necessary .
tr	NNS	There were no guarantees that she would ever come back .
tr	NN	Then the priest assigned her such a heavy penance that she suspected she had nearly earned a beating .
tr	NNS	The damn networks put all the good shows on at the same time . "
tr	NN	A lantern was still burning and there were some glowing embers in the fire .
tr	NN	baking powder and a half tsp .
tr	NN	The blond captain remained standing , silent .
tr	NN	My hesitation gives her the chance to break away .
tr	NN	" Hey ... hey wait ! "
tr	NNS	There were three levels of tree houses and they continually tried to climb higher and higher in the tree .
tr	NN	There isn 't any other explanation to this .
tr	NN	Love and gratitude gleamed in her eyes before she lifted her head from the pillows to touch her mouth to his .
tr	NN	The squad had pushed them back far enough that Flattery could make a dash for the mooring lines and free himself from the pier .
tr	NNS	Waves of joy from the magic brownies coursed through her and she wondered how long the euphoria would last .
tr	NNS	Strong gusts of wind rocked the sailboat .
tr	NNS	The paintings on the walls , too , were colossal , brutally executed abstracts in colors that were even denser than the rug .
tr	NN	The ranch was gigantic .
tr	NNS	The gates were wide open , but there was nobody around , which was hardly surprising at six fifteen in the morning .
tr	NNS	Things were about to blow and blow bad .
tr	NN	the secretary said back to her .
tr	NNS	Any ideas if you might actually like him if you think you know who he is ?
tr	NN	' That 's their job , Heinrich , ' Love said .
tr	NNS	Instead , the gently rolling hills provided their own unique perspective to the landscape .
tr	NN	Wouldn 't the butterfly feel he was living forever too ?
tr	NNS	Then the air handlers started up , whooshing loudly .
tr	NN	A loud sob escaped Haven 's throat when it hit her and she quickly brought her hands up to cover her mouth .
tr	NN	Even the illusion of June is enough to send a stabbing pain through my chest .
tr	NN	Part of it was the rain , so rare to that region that it seemed to delight in all the open space .
tr	NNS	" Ten inches maybe . "
tr	NNS	And just like that , my worries vanished .
tr	NN	Love glanced at Stuart who raised one eyebrow in return .
tr	NN	If the cold didn 't kill them , the lack of air soon would .
tr	NN	The ritual calms my nerves , makes me feel focused and steady .
tr	NNS	Security cameras on poles monitoring every last meter of fence with built-in light enhancement and infrared .
tr	NN	" A little optimism goes a long way , brother . "
tr	NN	The pilot checked his board again .
tr	NN	Love thought of the puppies .
tr	NNS	Slowly , pack members approached her .
tr	NNS	The desiccated figures seemed to have arranged themselves in rows , radiating out from a massive temple in the center like spokes on a wheel .
tr	NNS	But there were currently very strong drugs in her system , preventing any kind of adverse reaction .
tr	NN	" It 's a bluff , " the tall policeman growled , even though he stopped in his tracks .
tr	NN	A mechanical click followed as the CD player opened .
tr	NN	When I walked through the back door , the retired homicide investigator was nowhere to be seen .
tr	NN	A multitude of things blazed through Alicia 's mind , and all of them led to the death of G , one of her longest standing friends .
tr	NN	Because as I watch the soldiers lead her away , all I can feel is a deep , ice-cold pit of terror .
tr	NN	" Papa , the dragon just spoke to me .
tr	NN	I haven 't been there in ages and , of course , my granddaughter couldn 't possibly turn me away . "
tr	NN	There was a click and then nothing .
tr	NNS	Police detectives could find no evidence of poison or a murder weapon .
tr	NN	Another roar rang out , and the troupe shared hugs and congratulations amongst the clamor .
tr	NNS	" Things are not always as they seem , Clancy .
tr	NN	Ok , great , I 'll go ahead and pass that bit of wisdom along . "
tr	NNS	Two big , fierce black wolves were fighting , tangled in claws and teeth and blood .
tr	NN	The ghoul went next in another rush of power .
tr	NN	The day care 's other supervisor was over by the driftwood , watching the kids .
tr	NN	The foul stench of a rotting animal carcass wafted out from somewhere inside .
tr	NNS	Things are back to the status quo now .
tr	NN	There is no aura around him , no dance of emotion , no churning cloud of life .
tr	NNS	The mattress dipped beneath his weight .
tr	NN	On a closer look , the tether seemed to be organic , even tree-like .
tr	NN	The association of local insurance agents came in for their monthly lunch together , and since it was so hot , they were almighty thirsty .
tr	NN	Vimes wasn " t good at birds , but they mostly looked like swallows , millions of them .
tr	NN	A familiar stack of books sat on the table , ones I 'd seen in her classroom .
tr	NNS	The foreign travelers stood out from that bland uniformity .
tr	NNS	Familiar footsteps sounded , the front door creaked open , and Jo-Jo stuck her head outside .
tr	NNS	Why do ghosts want to frighten ?
tr	NN	His bike was inside the garage , and he 'd already aired his views about playing with any of the girls in the neighborhood .
tr	NN	When they were on the road , the actor inside would burst out and the fantasy would begin .
tr	NNS	Things had changed a bit since he 'd been in the business .
tr	NNS	All scenes and events within these pages have been an invention of the author 's imagination , and to his knowledge never occurred in reality .
tr	NNS	Since he hadn 't come from a typical family unit , family dynamics was unfamiliar terrain .
tr	NNS	Cars sat idly by in parking spaces along the road , but she couldn 't see anyone in them .
tr	NNS	" There are some other possibilities . "
tr	NN	Not a trait Ella adores .
tr	NN	The kidnapper in the black suit ran in .
tr	NN	A grove of Douglas fir grew at its northwestern corner , with trees almost as tall , it seemed , as the nearby redwoods .
tr	NNS	Myles had been watching them with a half smile .
tr	NNS	Her mattress was a tangle of black sheets , and I fell over her , desperate to get her closer .
tr	NN	Part of her yearned to have Gavin 's child .
tr	NNS	Romulus retreated into the corner of the Den and returned with two shovels .
tr	NNS	The bits of wood and tinder I have gathered are dry now , I discover upon getting out , and I set about making a fire .
tr	NN	" Things wont change if Julian isn 't your son . "
tr	NNS	Hephaestus screamed and collapsed to the concrete floor .
tr	NNS	Delores put down her cup of soup and looked at me over the top of her glasses .
tr	NNS	The last five letters looked poured , or melted , into the bark .
tr	NNS	Marius watched him intently -- he would be unable to help if Colton slipped .
tr	NN	The ease hits me with a thrill .
tr	NN	A legendary Spartan commander , his father had tolerated no weakness .
tr	NN	There was no hesitation when he tilted her head back to accept his kiss .
tr	NN	A bruise marked the little girl 's cheek .
tr	NNS	The detectives thought I might know where you were .
tr	NNS	The drips that hadn 't clung to his clothes dotted the cement floor .
tr	NN	The partner , meanwhile , repeatedly pushes the cart onto the ankles of the lady immediately ahead in line .
tr	NN	The mayor can 't just decree we 're immoral all of a sudden . "
tr	NNS	Parts of the ceiling looked like they had been patched hundreds of times ; cracks and water spots covered it .
tr	NN	His dress shirt is unbuttoned at the collar , his tie untied .
tr	NN	My sweater was dark , masking the blood , but it was dripping onto my hand .
tr	NN	And his hunger was growing out of control .
tr	NNS	Warm wetness greeted my fingers .
tr	NN	" Any old rag will do . "
tr	NN	" Your grandmother isn 't dead . "
tr	NN	Or at least an actor was - one who better fit the part . "
tr	NN	The bastard will feed on me as I die , I thought , even in death it will not grant me dignity .
tr	NN	But , instead , the werewolf smiled .
tr	NNS	In the midst of the central forum the leaders of nations met .
tr	NN	Again there was a brief rant with a greater than usual amount of hand waving .
tr	NN	Even the scar that runs through his eyebrow adds to his appearance .
tr	NNS	His movements controlled the room .
tr	NN	Now the paint is peeling , the window shutters are crooked , and the place looks -- in three words -- spooky as hell .
tr	NN	The dark elf nodded at one of the guards .
tr	NN	The man 's lust slammed into me before I managed to slam my shields in place .
tr	NNS	The emptiness of them appalled him .
tr	NNS	Several circular racks of clothes surrounded them with even more hung on the walls above them .
tr	NN	" What an ugly name .
tr	NN	His uncle was incredibly calm in this situation .
tr	NN	Mistress Jane stood still , her robe unruffled .
tr	NN	Vittorio 's scowl deepened .
tr	NNS	The effects are unforeseen . "
tr	NN	The snake gave almost no chase .
tr	NNS	Words were beyond him .
tr	NN	Then liquid scalded his lips , and he tried to turn his head away .
tr	NNS	Things seemed so simple then .
tr	NN	The mayor is ready to see you , but I understand there are some preliminaries we need to address ? "
tr	NNS	My movements , though brutal , are necessary .
tr	NNS	The collapsed stalls looked like they 've been abandoned for years instead of a few weeks .
tr	NN	The melody was familiar .
tr	NNS	Besides , Mike 's burgers were really , really good .
tr	NN	On the one hand , there was his lovely Babette , the most exquisite , thoughtful and tender spider an acolyte could possibly want .
tr	NN	My absence will not go unnoticed . "
tr	NNS	On another wall , several smaller muted screens displayed national and international 24-hour news channels .
tr	NN	The lingering guilt she felt at Ellie 's death bubbled to the surface .
tr	NN	A warrior charged with his sword , but the dragon swatted him aside before he was within arm 's reach .
tr	NN	- a military operation that is - " " - Look , Ted , " Barnes said .
tr	NNS	He was so handsome , muscular forearms bared as he drove .
tr	NN	When his voice comes on , there is a quick , sharp stab of pain in my chest .
tr	NN	The other gentleman chuckled .
tr	NN	" And the Forest Service ranger hasn 't shown up to check in boaters ? "
tr	NN	" The goblin market will be where it has always been , on Bourbon Street . "
tr	NNS	The coyotes went crazy .
tr	NNS	At last the authorities listened . "
tr	NNS	There were changes , though : fluctuations in temperature , even weather .
tr	NN	The stench came from below .
tr	NNS	There were differences in the coordinates , but as Abby had suggested , they were at the tail end of the string of numbers .
tr	NN	The operator immediately advised her to get away from the house and to wait for the squad car .
tr	NN	" The blacksmith , " they said together .
tr	NN	The mob faced him dumbly .
tr	NN	Your comfortable cart may see some jostling . "
tr	NNS	There were empty seats but most rows were occupied .
tr	NNS	Chills raced up my arm and straight to the top of my neck .
tr	NN	Weak , puny mortal , the werewolf thought derisively .
tr	NNS	Names would have to be changed to protect the innocent .
tr	NNS	Things are fairly quiet around here .
tr	NN	Every other word was " conspiracy " , repeated over and over like a hammer pounding the notion into twelve receptive skulls .
tr	NN	Her h * ps began to move in tiny circles , seeking the pleasure of his touch .
tr	NNS	The mermaids swam on and she looked around at them .
tr	NNS	" Shouldn 't it be possible to get a name for Medea by relating her known movements to ... " " Airline passenger records ?
tr	NN	Each forearm has a dozen wriggling fingers -- all are covered with needles .
tr	NNS	Flames danced in her blood and colors burst behind her eyelids .
tr	NNS	Three echoing booms followed , and she opened her eyes to witness all three thrown far across the street and through the nearby building .
tr	NN	To keep me in mind , " Chance clarified .
tr	NN	There was a tinge of desperation in his voice .
tr	NN	Love turned to leave .
tr	NN	The inspector looked at his watch and bit into another sandwich .
tr	NNS	However , the drums didn 't overwhelm the guitar which cut through dancing between the space the kick , snare and hi-hats presented .
tr	NN	The fake blonde started to twitch awkwardly in her seat .
tr	NN	The network ran miles beneath the mountains , spread out like a village .
tr	NN	" The government would do that ? "
tr	NN	The apartment 's serenity had calmed his nerves , and Lord was becoming too tired to think .
tr	NNS	Words streamed from my mouth , some familiar , some not .
tr	NN	My body language was as at ease as I could make it .
tr	NNS	Back in those days , there were many types of experimental beings in the world .
tr	NNS	" There are no boy germs ! "
tr	NNS	Gun shots ring out and a young man falls to the ground .
tr	NNS	Things you might not understand .
tr	NN	The maw expanded until a red planet appeared .
tr	NNS	" But ... ghosts are pretty much always scary .
tr	NNS	In 2514 , members of society worked only for the good of the community .
tr	NN	Their lack of interest did not curb Aro 's enjoyment .
tr	NNS	" You know , the cards can give positive answers but also some very strong negative ones .
tr	NNS	Aris still didn 't seem very winded .
tr	NN	A decent-sized assault force .
tr	NNS	Handles all the weddings , funerals and high school proms in the area .
tr	NNS	The noble ladies have no common sense , wearing a gala evening gown to a dirty horse race .
tr	NN	The thrill of discovery and the sudden flash of understanding was a rush she craved .
tr	NN	The strange , jittery hysteria was still there , but it receded , curling down for a rest deep inside him .
tr	NNS	Things , I am told , got ugly from there .
tr	NNS	Things couldn 't have worked out better .
tr	NN	" Another warrior or two might also be a good idea , depending on how we travel .
tr	NN	She nodded as he made his bows and withdrew , strangely relieved that the interview had gone so well .
tr	NN	Headquarters respects and values information gained from Somali contacts .
tr	NNS	Others simply looked on curiously .
tr	NN	A rasping growl rose in her chest , trying to escape from her throat .
tr	NN	" Where 's the blasted remote ? "
tr	NN	The magic shield glowed brighter again , and the Spell Wizard 's fireball bounced harmlessly off it .
tr	NNS	Names but no real suspects .
tr	NN	A method of extraction would have to be devised .
tr	NN	Part of me dwells within you , just as part of you is now within me .
tr	NN	The log was damp , but otherwise it was comfortable .
tr	NNS	My letters with Mick McAllister are my private business .
tr	NN	The large troll nodded and turned and ran toward the door .
tr	NNS	Suddenly the five creatures stood upwards , their mouths shaped into a mockery of a man 's smile .
tr	NNS	No images came to her of frilly Easter bonnets or lunch boxes or loose teeth .
tr	NN	If he 's here , the Empire is not far behind ! "
tr	NN	Then , chaos would inundate everything .
tr	NNS	Even though it was a Sunday morning , several other patrons moved around them in the open gym .
tr	NN	And the discovery of the empty doll casket in back made me realize the store is in even more trouble than I thought .
tr	NNS	The nightly possibilities I 'm going to have with this one are staggering .
tr	NNS	There were rats and humans running around , very , very slowly .
tr	NNS	The fountains lay quiet .
tr	NNS	" The consequences of failing couldn 't have been that great . "
tr	NN	The glass strip was in one of the arms of this twisted chair C if it was a chair .
tr	NNS	" Those Sentinel freaks found his family , probably because some other supposedly trustworthy Caretaker betrayed them , and they killed Mason 's family .
tr	NN	Mother 's terrifyingly perfect receptionist , Patty Cloud , had graduated to office manager and then to realtor .
tr	NNS	Radiation levels are normal . "
tr	NN	" A race sounds fair enough in this case . "
tr	NNS	There are some canned vegetables and some canned chunk chicken .
tr	NN	His pulse beat heavy in his body .
tr	NN	The email she sent me the other night contains a lot of information .
tr	NNS	Others weren 't happy , of course , complaining about the rooms , the beds , the food .
tr	NNS	Today 's readers love all that name-dropping product placement .
tr	NNS	Human nurses , having no respect for the Colony property , stole over 400 grams of hard drugs .
tr	NN	But will the damage to their hearts and souls be too much to bear ?
tr	NNS	More footsteps came into the room .
tr	NN	the camp leader asked .
tr	NN	A tremor passed through her as Lilith struggled , then surrendered .
tr	NNS	Yes , somewhere , there were hostages ... Canute surprised her by reaching out and grasping her hair .
tr	NN	His white and black fur glistening in the sunlight and his strangely beautiful eyes caught the attention of everyone we passed .
tr	NN	The passion we shared was real .
tr	NNS	Things she had never even allowed herself to dream about , things that felt so natural , so right , now .
tr	NN	" No , " the archer ordered .
tr	NN	The attorney from the prosecutor 's office jumped in .
tr	NN	Homemade pear preserves dripped golden juice over the biscuits , and the yellow cantaloupe was ripe and sweet .
tr	NN	Their passion for them was indescribable .
tr	NN	The way Providence explains luck is its like clouds in the sky .
tr	NNS	My surroundings are one large blob , but as I blink continuously , they spread into distinguishable peaces .
tr	NNS	Contents of his pockets were good for nothing .
tr	NN	The lack of clothes had given him hope that perhaps she 'd only gone for a short period .
tr	NNS	Some races mingled with mankind ; others remained aloof ; others dwindled to extinction .
tr	NN	The tormented knight went to bed and fell asleep .
tr	NN	But this new arrangement was not without its pains .
tr	NNS	Lights were on in the hall , warm and glowing gold ; the music was coming from downstairs , in the living room .
tr	NNS	Her movements were slow , her body still trembled , but her gaze was unflinching as it met his .
tr	NNS	And upon those low and ancient hills , that were rounded like the bloated pectorals of corpses , was a loathsome vegetation .
tr	NNS	" Things have certainly changed , I can tell you that , " she said , her voice little more than a whisper .
tr	NN	There is a strange glint of relief in his face .
tr	NN	His protective urges were surging out of control , and he wished they 'd go away .
tr	NNS	His instincts already on alert , Mason tensed .
tr	NN	Adam 's goal is to destroy us .
tr	NN	Every spiteful sentiment struck with more force than the most violent of blows .
tr	NNS	More RSVP cards had been waiting in Sutton 's bedroom when she came home from tennis today .
tr	NNS	Jasmine 's servants had two of the fire demons in a deadlock , which meant none of them were going after my people .
tr	NNS	" Others would 've not moved a finger to save him . "
tr	NN	His soothing chant never faltered , and he was careful to keep his own raging body under control along with his wild , passionate thoughts .
tr	NNS	Them letters won 't know whut 's hit them ! '
tr	NNS	Others will find my decision inexplicable and inexcusable .
tr	NNS	She glanced back , realizing the trash was a suitcase , its contents spilled on the road .
tr	NNS	The gates to the Stone were open , and a welcoming delegation awaited him .
tr	NN	With that a sharp rap to the head ended the fish 's struggle .
tr	NNS	" These two tunnels are the only two that connect . "
tr	NN	The defense will have its chance when the prosecution rests .
tr	NNS	Our mothers are good friends .
tr	NN	A Fire snake 's venom caused one of the most agonizing injuries there were .
tr	NN	The balance of power is in your hands .
tr	NN	The yard led straight down to the water where there was a dock for a boat .
tr	NNS	Aris sighed and rolled his eyes , but did what she said , turning his back to them .
tr	NNS	Two attendants piled bags onto a conveyor belt that wound indoors to be scanned and back out to the transfer haul .
tr	NNS	Then his nostrils flared and his mouth opened as he dragged in a big gulp of air .
tr	NNS	Global governments deal with the United States out of necessity , not because they like us or trust us .
tr	NNS	Melody 's instincts had been correct about one of the males in the nest being ready to have a family .
tr	NNS	The only visitors are Damien , Zeke , the nurse , and the physical therapist .
tr	NNS	There were also huge arrangements tiered down the steps and bows running along the banisters .
tr	NN	Love has conquered over your hate and self-loathing .
tr	NNS	The fairies walked alongside , one hand on the roof of the petite roadster like members of the Secret Service in a presidential motorcade .
tr	NN	His dread returned at the sound of the deep male voice .
tr	NNS	The schoolyard beatings promptly came to an end .
tr	NN	The tip of her tongue darted out to sweep over the acute sensation .
tr	NNS	Leah and Taylor approached me , their expressions distraught .
tr	NN	Her clothing echoes the silhouette fashions of the thirties and forties and she has the curvy figure which matches those classic looks perfectly .
tr	NN	Those hunts are child 's play , especially when you outnumber the prey 10 to 1 . "
tr	NNS	Rolling hills surround us , swaying trees encircle us and the smell of fresh flowers assails my senses .
tr	NN	A thrill of anticipation surged through me .
tr	NN	The black thong he was wearing beneath the jeans kept riding up the crack of his ass .
tr	NNS	There were murmurs among the folks .
tr	NN	A tall gentleman with a cloak and walking stick stood with a young dark-haired woman in a plain , but simple dress .
tr	NNS	Their nonverbal skills were the best of any Shifter .
tr	NNS	Besides , her hobbies were none of his business .
tr	NN	The hatred she created by not counseling her scion while she lived .
tr	NN	Her teapot lamp roared and shot rainbows .
tr	NN	" My friggin ' pattern .
tr	NNS	Old ghosts like me spend centuries alone , Without a visitor to pass the time In friendly conversation round a fire .
tr	NN	" Does the map say how big this turtle is supposed to be ? "
tr	NN	My prison prevented me .
tr	NNS	In that area had once stood outbuildings of the older estate , the whole house ruins of which still existed and dated well into the 14th century .
tr	NNS	Both planes had cruising speeds of 600 mph and had been modified for in-flight refueling , giving them virtually unlimited range .
tr	NNS	Things were funky there for a minute , but now the job was going without a hitch .
tr	NN	" Cay , " the little blonde said loudly patting Cage 's chest .
tr	NNS	" No strings attached .
tr	NNS	His eyelids lift open , his pupils massive .
tr	NNS	Dogs never came that close .
tr	NNS	" First , there are no guarantees on anything .
tr	NN	the filthy cowboy said , shoving his way through the saloon doors .
tr	NN	The buckle on his belt was large and had a carving of a hand , with a crown in the centre .
tr	NNS	" Traditionally , family members come together to commemorate the day of their birth .
tr	NN	Your grandmother was aware of your talent .
tr	NN	There was the cucumber .
tr	NNS	The creatures were leaping at victims , determined to kill as many as possible and gather strength for the coming battle .
tr	NNS	The windshield wipers fought against the driving rain as they continued deeper into the hills .
tr	NN	This trick was part of the Haunter 's skill ; wrapping clothes around empty air , creating soldiers out of nothing .
tr	NN	" No offense , but your father sounds like a bit of a control freak . "
tr	NN	Thrown a picnic blanket down in the grass and stayed until dusk , reading their books and watching the white water spill over the falls .
tr	NNS	In a city this size , witnesses were everywhere .
tr	NN	That seed grew into a rampant fascination with all things supernatural .
tr	NN	the greedy priest snarled , laughing at them while cajoling the fire into submission .
tr	NN	The laptop flipped shut and the boy plying the keys turned to challenge Buck 's stare .
tr	NN	The unusual assault became known as the " Battle of Mount Tabor . " '
tr	NN	The elf ran lightly down the hull and disappeared into the conning tower .
tr	NN	The railing swung back and he struck the transom of the boat hard .
tr	NN	The captain and officers remained aloof , nodding politely at the visitors but refraining from dialogue .
tr	NN	Thornton 's stack was interesting .
tr	NN	A splinter of ice stabbed the dark mist of Chris 's scent .
tr	NN	" Fine , but he 's your responsibility " says the lieutenant , storming off into the trees without a word to anyone else .
tr	NN	The fellow stepped into the chariot behind the emperor and held the side of vehicle .
tr	NN	The rough , hotel room carpet burned against my face and I cried out in pain and fear .
tr	NNS	" Our clients need to be open and willing to find their soul mate .
tr	NN	The intruder followed her .
tr	NNS	Others went back to their spot , continuing to guard the area .
tr	NNS	My heart races as I struggle to ask the questions I really need answers to .
tr	NN	There was a smacking then another roar .
tr	NNS	Her boobs practically falling out of the barely there top she is wearing .
tr	NN	The fiery hunger tore through him once more .
tr	NN	A cough from the cabin indicated their passenger was waking up .
tr	NN	Her uncle looked more animated by the second .
tr	NN	Then there was a roar , and a flash of brilliant light .
tr	NNS	Hands went up around the room , and a quick glance told me that everyone at the table had a hand raised except for Alexander .
tr	NNS	' The creatures of Altus ; they 've come to save us ! '
tr	NNS	When an enemy came against us , the spirit warriors would drive them off .
tr	NNS	Our blades sank true , and it died instantly , falling atop its kill .
tr	NN	The bullet tore its way through his body and out his back , slamming into Antonietta 's shoulder .
tr	NNS	Even two lovers could have their own secrets .
tr	NNS	" Well , like any tale , there are many versions of it .
tr	NNS	The black creatures were close behind .
tr	NN	With that thought in mind , his tranquility came to an abrupt halt as the Black Door callously dumped him onto a Dead World .
tr	NNS	The original settlers found the caves and expanded them .
tr	NNS	Convictions priorities preferences prejudices and ideologies divided us .
tr	NN	His pulse throbbed in his temples at having to sit on the sidelines and watch , when he could have participated in his first bust .
tr	NN	The booze had given me the moment of ecstasy before the onset of drunkenness , a stillness and peace that announced its brevity upon arrival .
tr	NNS	" But any of his other business opponents might have wanted him dead ?
tr	NNS	These tunnels are full of twists and turns , and it is easy to get lost .
tr	NNS	Did wolves bite each other when they had sex ?
tr	NNS	The ripples of her impending orgasm rose to the surface , danced just out of reach .
tr	NN	In the world we live in , exaggeration does not possess a benefit .
tr	NN	A sperm has a one in 10,000 chance of becoming a human being . "
tr	NN	Like a giant jigsaw puzzle . "
tr	NN	Eleanor moved off , eyes intent on something .
tr	NN	A choking haze had already enveloped the Water Beetle , and I couldn 't see beyond the next row of docks .
tr	NNS	In the center of the room three bronze bins held stone balls .
tr	NNS	Can your factories do no better ? "
tr	NN	Another sob comes , louder .
tr	NNS	Their coarse minds already began molding plans from their grudges : in secret meetings they plotted and planned against their invaders .
tr	NNS	No doubt it was the green spaghetti and black meatballs the lunch ladies have served for school lunch earlier that day .
tr	NN	The paint seemed whiter , the drapes in the windows more elegant , the flower beds more carefully tended , the lawn more manicured .
tr	NNS	The kitchen appliances were antiques , manufactured over forty years ago .
tr	NN	" The proof involves our making a quick stop .
tr	NN	the dwarf barked , pointing his gun at Blondie .
tr	NN	Part of the taming was his ability to read her thoughts , but for her to know his meant the connection ran both ways .
tr	NNS	There were many parking spots lining both sides of the road , without many cars to fill them .
tr	NNS	Nerves went wild in her chest as she opened the door .
tr	NN	The addition of the new platform was not all that had changed .
tr	NN	" What 's scarier than knowing you 're always surrounded by creatures who think you 're edible ? "
tr	NN	Eventually your visibility should reach a mile or so .
tr	NNS	Things do not go well when he 's found and returned home .
tr	NNS	On the other side of the Hummer , two Sentinels were on their knees before Solos in the dirt and gravel .
tr	NNS	The cameras on the EPA buildings don 't even belong to their agency .
tr	NN	The Crimson Fortress walled around the whole island will give the Wall of China a run for its money ... don 't underestimate them . "
tr	NN	A low sob burst from her lips .
tr	NNS	However , if you want to experience real power , his teachings just aren 't enough . "
tr	NN	Link managed not to stammer , though his face was now as red as the plastic bucket beneath the leaking ceiling .
tr	NNS	Hands wrapped around his ankles and an irrational fear that the hands didn 't belong to Mack gripped him .
tr	NN	He 's yer lord gawd almighty for the next year or two .
tr	NNS	After a while , their bodies ' functions slow down to an extent when it gets irreversible .
tr	NN	" My personal role model is Sean Connery .
tr	NN	This discovery changed nothing .
tr	NN	A National Guard unit stood by to keep the peace , but even its presence only added to the tension .
tr	NN	Even the glum looking men in the front seat were commenting on it .
tr	NN	The giant courtyard was an atrium .
tr	NNS	Dripping strands of black hair draped her shoulders .
tr	NNS	Outside , more shouts and shrieks ring out in the night .
tr	NNS	There were only mothers and grandmothers , and there was no magic wand to wave over a person 's heart and make it all better .
tr	NNS	No guarantees , ' Edwin offered , letting guilt get the better of him for the first time in months .
tr	NNS	Erotic images danced in her head .
tr	NNS	Several audience members jumped in surprise , and Kali was one of them .
tr	NN	" Yes , but every specimen of our race can exist independently .
tr	NN	My snort escaped before I could stop it .
tr	NN	( A reference to protracted negotiations between Union and Management which had taken place during the first winter on the new site .
tr	NNS	At his ankles , his daggers were at the ready .
tr	NN	Like a huge bubble in a great cauldron of hot , nine day old pottage , the weave lifted .
tr	NN	The red haze spread , and hunger beat at him .
tr	NNS	As they approached the entrance to the Palace , two servants opened the two massive , ornately carved doors , which led into a large hall .
tr	NN	All that mattered was that his father was there , in spite of the gulf between them .
tr	NN	There 's a pub in town where I can get you set up with a couple of rooms .
tr	NNS	His origins are uncertain , and his cults took many forms ; some are described by ancient sources as Thracian , others as Greek .
tr	NN	But the second twin thought New Yorkers walked too fast , as if everyone were in the military .
tr	NN	That debt would hang over her like a cloud until it was repaid .
tr	NNS	With a great heave the tentacles yanked the harpy into the water with a large splash .
tr	NN	Every nerve ending in her body tingled at the sound .
tr	NNS	Rann whispers then snickers , again .
tr	NNS	Things like this are never easy . "
tr	NN	A second later , the fiend raced back into the room .
tr	NN	The growling resumed , rising in intensity , like a maddened pit bull approaching at breakneck speed .
tr	NNS	Myles kicked a pebble across the road .
tr	NNS	Aris kept his weapon trained on Thomas 's neck .
tr	NNS	The ladies often had sardines or baked beans on toast for their evening meal but the gong always rang through the house .
tr	NNS	Otherwise , the teachers will think that if You 're not in your dorm , you 've got to be up to something . "
tr	NN	The smells of nutmeg and cinnamon hung in the air as Trevor led us down the stairs into a large rec room .
tr	NN	" What was the blackmail ?
tr	NNS	Your instincts about the other are uncanny . "
tr	NNS	Things were going to get loud later in their bedroom .
tr	NN	The pictures online didn 't do it justice .
tr	NN	A three copter squad would fly further west than we 'd gone before , their object , the Brampton Barracks .
tr	NNS	His lands are near ? "
tr	NNS	Doors shut with stragglers sliding in at the last second to avoid detention .
tr	NN	" My highest limit is $ 1,000 and it 's on my Capital One card that I got as a freshman in college . "
tr	NNS	" Why do cats wash themselves , but dogs don 't ? "
tr	NN	With a full tank of gas , my next goal was food and shelter .
tr	NN	A rap sounded at the front door and she went to open it .
tr	NN	A large clay jar with a dipper puzzled her until she put a hand in the tub and jerked it back .
tr	NNS	She padded out into the ballroom , the giant paintings eerily lit by candlelight .
tr	NN	Until the day the black dragon landed in the middle of their camp .
tr	NN	" The leader of the Black Hand 's army , and what am I to do with her ? "
tr	NN	His cart is still empty but he follows me to the next aisle .
tr	NNS	Here there were risks .
tr	NNS	At the echo of my voice , figures emerge from behind the trees .
tr	NN	Part of what had dragged me out of bed and back to college was knowing how much education meant to Sydney .
tr	NNS	Things are crazy here .
tr	NN	The cottage was empty , thank goodness , else we might have had to explain why I was naked and Ry 's clothing was smoldering .
tr	NNS	My insecurities make me much more comfortable with the life of a hermit .
tr	NNS	On the screen the images began to download at a faster pace .
tr	NN	A loft above , and of course a root cellar ... " Allan stared in astonishment , words temporarily deserting him .
tr	NNS	Samuels took care of the supply and sales sides of the business .
tr	NN	After that , the referee started the count .
tr	NN	There was an odd twang to the man 's voice , but an earnest quality to his words .
tr	NN	The heat shrink was original and untouched .
tr	NN	A map zoomed in and I saw where we were .
tr	NN	Before they had known it , dusk was falling outside the chapel windows , and Spirit had found her lodgings .
tr	NNS	Others let their loss turn to anger .
tr	NNS	That hard tightness was like a tease and my hips undulated under Jake in a silent plea for more .
tr	NN	A kindly old vicar with no one to tend to him and Jane drops everything to rush to his side .
tr	NNS	At the far end , an old mattress lay on the floor .
tr	NNS	Bottles shook his head .
tr	NN	Hearing that Payton was back to her right mind , the dwarf let go of her , and moved in front of her .
tr	NNS	The screens , unlike the paper , revealed a very interesting scene .
tr	NN	The captain took the coat and pulled out an Interplanetary ID Card .
tr	NN	Reality was so much better than any of her fantasies .
tr	NN	Damien 's eyes leaked , his fur sticky .
tr	NN	The surgery had been a full success .
tr	NNS	Their mothers were firm friends , so when they used to visit each other they would leave their children playing together .
tr	NNS	Still early fall , the many different varieties of trees displayed the early signs of seasonal changes .
tr	NN	A splinter of doubt pricked her certainty .
tr	NN	So the carpet was thick and the music soft .
tr	NNS	Aris had to know something that would help .
tr	NN	The only equipment that disappeared was the raft .
tr	NN	The agent saw that he held the Secretary , threatening her demise .
tr	NNS	Marissa 's strong empathic abilities made her vulnerable to people 's emotions , resulting in her becoming increasingly timid and anxious around others .
tr	NN	Very soon the snake and the dog appeared through their respective holes in the fence .
tr	NNS	Rufus backed away muttering , " You 're a crazy bastard . "
tr	NNS	There are teachers to be hired .
tr	NNS	How many town members had used her Internet ?
tr	NNS	My baths all have two sinks and I use both of them .
tr	NN	Part of me wanted to see what he looked like first thing in the morning .
tr	NNS	The Arabs shouts became more feint with every turn of this dark , damp and dusty passage .
tr	NN	What was this chick on ?
tr	NN	Our young captain made large , sweeping motions so that they could see what he was doing .
tr	NNS	" Bartholomew 's chances were shrinking due to his phobia .
tr	NN	Worse scenario is , the soil banks give way .
tr	NNS	The shackles had been useless to Hans since no thralls lived in the village .
tr	NN	Any success that you have seen through your efforts prior to your arrival in Arizona was only scratching the surface of the possibilities .
tr	NNS	Standing behind the railing , four pairs of eyes watched their approach .
tr	NN	A small sliver of doubt about my decision crept into my head and sat there in a corner of my mind like a child in detention .
tr	NN	The third tape showed Lily as a child sitting on the floor in one of the small soundproof rooms .
tr	NN	The steam rolled out behind me in wispy clouds that filled the bedroom with a misty haze .
tr	NNS	" My lands , child , " Nora said , taking control of the situation .
tr	NN	" The sheriff has agreed to drop all charges . "
tr	NN	' That was quite generous of her , ' Love said .
tr	NN	His accent was surprisingly faint , but carried a hint of the Central Asian sound Preston expected .
tr	NN	But the afternoon roar of the City was all around them , the smell faded and was gone , and he felt a little ashamed of himself .
tr	NNS	Things were going well for me , too .
tr	NNS	As for the Acura key , the only prints on it were yours , Spencer . "
tr	NN	Except that his emergency snack never lasted until an emergency .
tr	NN	The rope shrank to its smallest form , and Jace held it behind his back .
tr	NNS	Others clung together as another scream echoed into the night .
tr	NN	" Maybe the revenge goes both ways . "
tr	NN	" My Ainsley , " he whispered between kisses .
tr	NN	The red Porsche parked at the front , but I couldn 't see who got out of it .
tr	NNS	No members of the hotel staff stood in a tight huddle , discussing a missing guest .
tr	NNS	" Four fights alone since the school year began .
tr	NNS	Although the enduring consequences would be minimal , over the short term the miserable symptoms would harm morale and reduce the number of guardsmen on patrol .
tr	NNS	Six shots fired , ragged sequence , it could have been six kids with a handgun each , firing once .
tr	NNS	Myles didn 't seem to like this story .
tr	NNS	The stakes were too high to back down now .
tr	NNS	Perhaps three gallons flowed out of the pipe before the pump shut itself down with a final click .
tr	NNS	All signs of the hawk and the coast had vanished .
tr	NNS	Their minds mingled together , coming almost as one .
tr	NNS	Giant masks decorated the walls , each a bronze human face , each with one eye squinted shut .
tr	NN	The therapist he 'd seen at his ex-wife 's insistence had told him to face each new day by making his list of five .
tr	NN	A king-size monstrosity with gorgeous silk sheets appeared , and she crawled on top gratefully .
tr	NN	But this irrefutable proof , written by Taylor 's own hand , sealed that possibility forever .
tr	NN	The same determination that was obviously all that was keeping him on his feet and awake after their journey .
tr	NN	A basketball bounced in the youth center .
tr	NN	An odd hunger clawed up from my gut .
tr	NNS	Indeed these ladies would have said , had they been asked , that it was possible to converse with Lord Rafe in complete openness .
tr	NN	As the dust settles , my coughing finally subsides and I begin to remember .
tr	NNS	Two other hounds had come to my hands , and they now bumped against me on either side , leaning in to be petted .
tr	NN	" Get in the truck , " the leader yelled .
tr	NN	The old man 's pipe burned out and he began cleaning it with some small tool he took from a pocket .
tr	NNS	" Sir , my colleagues will not believe .
tr	NNS	Jesus Christ , how much more tragedy could these characters take ?
tr	NN	Worse , the proof of Damon 's deceit had been right in front of her .
tr	NN	With murmuring and nods of heads , Ryan 's audience tried to absorb the abbreviated timeframe he outlined for the team to prepare for space travel .
tr	NN	The trick is to figure out how to get him .
tr	NN	" What 's the theory ? "
tr	NNS	Kids in the neighborhood and at school used to tease him about Gizmo and his gadgets .
tr	NNS	Things are going to be better in the morning .
tr	NN	Second option would be to throw up the coin of tit for tat .
tr	NNS	Seven other figures were sitting in chairs arranged in a semi-circle around the woman , staring at her and at the body before her .
tr	NNS	Those scenes you shot with Ty are epic .
tr	NN	My guilt over not doing more to save her is a deep and raw ache , but there is nothing I can do for her now .
tr	NN	Speak , my beloved , and I will give thee words .
tr	NNS	No professors at ISE may date students , period . "
tr	NNS	Really , the cosmos had it out for her .
tr	NNS	Her first few dinners hadn 't stayed down , either .
tr	NN	The bruise on his jaw was a vivid purple .
tr	NNS	There were paintings , books , weapons ... all manner of odds and ends really .
tr	NN	CHAPTER 5 RIO 'S goal was to get them to the plateau .
tr	NN	The deafening roar of thousands of firing rounds of ammunition shook the town like an earthquake .
tr	NN	Besides , " Peters continued , " that fat bastard ain 't worth the time a day .
tr	NN	The waterfall turned out to be a lot smaller than I 'd thought it was .
tr	NN	The entire maneuver caused my mouth to go dry , and I thought of having the butler fetch me another drink .
tr	NNS	But never had he heard any tales told about monsters in the air .
tr	NN	the mayor said with a smile .
tr	NN	Evan 's contract , and the consequences , were clear in her mind .
tr	NNS	Others were the traders who had long made annual trips south .
tr	NNS	The University classes for architecture had taught him what this ink was and how to use it on blueprints .
tr	NN	A few minutes later there was a creak of footsteps on the landing .
tr	NNS	His footsteps shuffled away from her .
tr	NNS	The ladies fanned themselves while the men sat still and sweated .
tr	NN	While we meant to warn our enemies , there was no value in burning down the woods .
tr	NNS	Things were forgotten in here now , draped in cobwebs .
tr	NN	Love took a long drag .
tr	NN	A polite tap on the study doors announced the arrival of Sir Tomas ' manservant .
tr	NN	" No , there is a way , " the priest said .
tr	NNS	So many factors are beyond the retention capability of even a complex organ such as the human brain .
tr	NNS	Clean white tiles spread before her , and the air was ripe with the scent of Clorox and chamomile tea cooling on breakfast trays .
tr	NNS	Our ancestors started a new life here on the islands of Hawaii to escape the chains of human corruption . "
tr	NN	Long , brown , with uneven black circles all over its body , the reptile appeared to be a python .
tr	NNS	Dragons and beings who can ride them ... " " A giant rat like creature ? "
tr	NN	" Your pardon , sire .
tr	NN	It 's very simple , Jet , your grandmother is my Enforcer .
tr	NN	One long stroke sent them both careening over the edge .
tr	NNS	All those tales I 'd been told about the trees imprisoning anyone who dared walk below their bows at the hour of dawn must have been lies .
tr	NN	But unknowingly , this bark had put them both in perilous danger .
tr	NN	The neighbor waved and Baxter waved back .
tr	NN	The notion of self-criticism will disappear and the people will be completely satisfied with themselves and their lives .
tr	NN	" That bike is too big for you .
tr	NN	The celebration started in Sutter Creek , then moved to a new town in Gold Country every night before ending in Whiskey Creek .
tr	NN	Her voice husky , Claire continued , " They told me the surgery might not work , anyway .
tr	NNS	A merciless slash to his mouth , something in his eyes perhaps , but she couldn 't put her finger on what it was .
tr	NN	Not a single fellow protested .
tr	NN	And this nut wanted him and Mr. Noel to face the whole angry town of Afton at once , since obviously everyone would come !
tr	NN	The Master of the Web turned back to the screen as a microphone rose from the desk and a target appeared on the window .
tr	NNS	" Trust no one , but other contacts are of the same opinion . "
tr	NN	Sure enough , the defense shifted , lining up to cover Zeek , Bart , and Fabian .
tr	NNS	" How many coins are running around the world ? "
tr	NN	The chip went into the dip and emerged with a very large scoop of salsa on it and disappeared into his mouth .
tr	NNS	These meetings at night help me survive . "
tr	NNS	Those crags have a sprinkling of the imitation gold on them , but they aren 't nearly as impressive as the flatter , sandy areas are . '
tr	NNS	Three little letters and I could barely contain the rage that exploded inside me .
tr	NN	Chance felt iced out , treated as peripheral when he wanted to be center stage with me .
tr	NN	Just like we do , sweetheart , " she said to her husband .
tr	NN	The new shield was more taxing than the old , and I was getting tired - but there was nothing to do about that but keep going .
tr	NN	" The sergeant and I are going to drag you back and it 's going to hurt like hell .
tr	NNS	Half a dozen more rats pushed their way past , screeching .
tr	NN	The bypass is working through possible code combinations now .
tr	NNS	Those goons didn 't know anything .
tr	NNS	The three figures , faces covered by metal masks , turned eerily and slowly towards them .
tr	NN	Not the jungle now ; there was a highway in the distance , winding north , it seemed , through barren burnt land .
tr	NNS	The floors above have collapsed , blocking the entire hall .
tr	NNS	There are quite a few black spots , now I come to think of it .
tr	NNS	Magical abilities can be difficult to come to terms with .
tr	NN	" The little bastard has her in the caves and hopefully we aren 't too late . "
tr	NNS	The portrait 's colors stood out starkly against the blank canvas beneath .
tr	NN	An ugly lie . "
tr	NN	The high dollar watch ?
tr	NNS	" The churches should be letting out in an hour . "
tr	NNS	All good spies know that ignorance really is bliss .
tr	NNS	Alexis grabbed me by the arm and yanked me up from the ground .
tr	NNS	Wanted posters cluttered one wall and the top of a desk .
tr	NNS	Even the twins have little crushes on him .
tr	NNS	The dimness was playing tricks on his vision , his imagination .
tr	NN	So the nice lady stylist had let her borrow the phone to call him and tell him to meet her here .
tr	NN	The instinct to survive is powerful , and I can no more control what happens next than I can control my own heartbeat .
tr	NN	The man 's aura , the very energy that radiated from him , smelled of a dualistic and confusing mix of unchecked chaos and carefully crafted peace .
tr	NNS	Reyes leapt to the side .
tr	NN	A heavy dread pressed him low to the deck and the Elemental to the water .
tr	NN	A second 's hesitation revealed Cain 's lack of confidence in his stepfather 's support .
tr	NNS	Gun shots were raining everywhere .
tr	NN	There was much nodding and approval of that .
tr	NN	My reflection was ghastly .
tr	NNS	" The scrolls say these visitors traveled in great fire spitting birds as bright as our sun .
tr	NN	Hearty applause and cheers fill the air along with the loud barking sounds .
tr	NN	the church secretary asked , when I wanted to be connected to Aubrey .
tr	NNS	Romulus tilted his head with a thought .
tr	NNS	The two Guardians studied each other .
tr	NNS	All eggs accounted for . "
tr	NN	Amidst the mass stood a group of knights in polished armor .
tr	NNS	The mattress rolled and swayed as if alive .
tr	NN	For once , Daphne actual y decided to wear another color besides pink .
tr	NNS	Things 'll be fine . "
tr	NNS	When I met her , my instincts told me she wasn 't ordinary , and I wanted to find out more about her .
tr	NN	A sliver of moon looked down at us through the clouds .
tr	NN	My stamina isn 't what it should be , and my muscles are already shaking from fatigue .
tr	NN	The exchange had lasted for less than a couple seconds .
tr	NN	Love set it down on the table .
tr	NNS	On the covers of books and in films , most detectives looked like they were dressed up in Sunday suits for a small-town jamboree .
tr	NN	The click of a lock releasing came from the door .
tr	NN	the 911 operator asked .
tr	NN	Each inch he moved drew him closer to her .
tr	NNS	All the surrounding witnesses began to laugh at him as well .
tr	NNS	There were many books , plays and epic poems about him .
tr	NN	An orgasm was rising from deep within her , a pleasure that skipped and danced along her spine and sent tendrils of blazing bliss into her fingers .
tr	NNS	With his calming touch , the wolves were quite willing to take a trip back to the wilderness , into the Canadian forests .
tr	NNS	All my instincts were urging me to stay still and not attract any attention to myself , as if that mattered .
tr	NN	The captain looked confused .
tr	NN	" You don 't walk in uninvited , " the camp leader seethed .
tr	NN	The next batch of souls weren 't due until morning , and James knew better than to bother him .
tr	NNS	" No more letters , no more diary entries .
tr	NN	In fact , the full addition added three bedrooms and a bathroom to the house .
tr	NN	The old leader , stared down at the fallen image of his forebear , he was alone deep in his thoughts .
tr	NNS	The Officials don 't think anything of it .
tr	NN	" The madness began the way all madness begins , with something unsettling that needs explanation .
tr	NN	She also finds , pushed all the way into the back of the glove compartment , the plastic bag with the tip of her finger in it .
tr	NN	The chaos in her mind continued for what seemed an eternity .
tr	NNS	She rose from the table , the letters clasped to her chest .
tr	NN	An aura of self-importance enveloped him .
tr	NN	He could sense the desperation she felt , her outlook suddenly seeming quite bleak .
tr	NNS	Then Native American warriors thundered toward us on their long dead horses .
tr	NNS	Were members of the club storing boxes filled with wicker baskets ?
tr	NNS	Romeo 's footsteps faltered , and I waved him forward .
tr	NN	According to Breed law , there was no greater sin than to betray the sacrament of the blood bond .
tr	NN	Perhaps our lord will welcome these visitors .
tr	NNS	Camille 's insecurities leaked out as she spoke to Julian .
tr	NN	" Medical assistance , " Adam explained to Abbey .
tr	NN	The whole cafeteria grows silent .
tr	NN	Every inch of me became painfully aware of him .
tr	NNS	The other two hit emptiness then falls down into oblivion of open space until it fizzles out of flame and fire .
tr	NN	" Your slave has fallen to the attention of a very dangerous enemy .
tr	NNS	" What are your recommendations ? "
tr	NNS	But the man downstairs was just too ... she couldn 't define it , but he had it , whatever it was .
tr	NNS	Oh and by the way , the puzzles I wrote about were from my friend Bob .
tr	NN	The square was buzzing with people carrying on about their daily lives like bees in a hive .
tr	NNS	Things were about to get interesting .
tr	NNS	" Frida , the mines are still dangerous .
tr	NNS	" Where did our abilities come from ? "
tr	NN	And so it was , the hapless gym teacher went out to greet the advancing Egyptian army , and perhaps to collect a toll from them .
tr	NN	His midsection was in a giant clamp , with no room for movement .
tr	NN	The town and surrounding countryside was within the region controlled by the 67th Infantry Regiment , nearly a hundred kilometers east of Camp 146 .
tr	NN	The pilot poked his head from the cockpit and uttered Arabic to Leon .
tr	NNS	These peculiar murders , however , had unnerved even him .
tr	NN	The hemp gin , like the former cotton gin , would revolutionize the way things were made .
tr	NN	All that mattered was that she loved his boy .
tr	NN	As she glanced back again a glint was visible in the far distance to the north .
tr	NNS	Others know not nor can tell if they believe .
tr	NN	Her discomfort about her body challenged him to change her mind .
tr	NN	As she approached me , her cape , of the same shimmering fabric , flowed out behind her .
tr	NNS	Guns just don 't give me that feeling . "
tr	NN	A sliver of light from the hallway bled inside as Jared stole into my darkened room .
tr	NNS	Rafe 's kisses were like liquid fire , heating my blood , melting my bones , leaving me breathless with wanting , trembling with desire .
tr	NNS	His goggles were able to access the blimp 's diagnostics ; the owner 's logo projected on his lenses with a run-down of the blimp 's status .
tr	NN	Part of the air was pulling back , opening as if it were a door .
tr	NN	There was no backward replay through life .
tr	NN	The plumbing isn 't in yet . "
tr	NNS	Things would get easier then .
tr	NNS	His caresses were soft and tentative , his kisses chaste and gentle .
tr	NN	" What 's a tail ? "
tr	NN	The prized merchandise of her youth had since melted into oblivion .
tr	NNS	There were now numerous steep hills , and they seemed to have created plenty of streams which had to be crossed .
tr	NNS	Ten different species have tried to eat us .
tr	NNS	Odysseus wondered how much it had cost , and why the king had bothered .
tr	NNS	There were now ten thousand vials of the contaminated virus and they were working to duplicate the virus so they could extend that much further .
tr	NN	" Light a lamp , " he said , mouth dry .
tr	NNS	Personal quarters hugged the ship 's hull to my right , the center of second deck to the left .
tr	NNS	There were other images , other feelings , associated with the photo , too .
tr	NN	Part of him wished she hadn 't agreed to wait for him .
tr	NN	His earthquake instinct from living in Los Angeles made him hypersensitive to even the faintest palpitations of the ground .
tr	NNS	For example , there were two restaurants side by side , one that was made of red brick , and another that was made of wood .
tr	NN	The boom ricocheted around the room , the bullet embedding itself in the far wall .
tr	NNS	Romulus sniffed the air .
tr	NN	A low growl left Jackson 's throat , and without warning his mouth wrapped itself around her shoulder , his teeth sinking into her flesh .
tr	NN	Even if she was just a tad envious , too .
tr	NN	The mingling of strength and gentleness made him want to weep .
tr	NN	As the salamander ran , a phantom extension of itself seemed to predict its every turn and movement .
tr	NNS	Suddenly Laura 's sobs turned to rage .
tr	NN	The television spoke of fires spread over the west coast and others in Chile and France and Thailand .
tr	NNS	" There is also the question regarding the gown , " the duchess said , breaking the silence .
tr	NN	The protesters were still outside when we returned , their apparent hatred of us undiminished .
tr	NNS	Cadmus asked , pulling me up by my arms to look at me .
tr	NN	A loud shattering and heavy thud to his left made the gargoyle take his eyes from the demon and Iseo .
tr	NNS	The black letters of my ability stand out bold against their yellow background .
tr	NNS	Ashe and Trajan 's dinners were back in moments .
tr	NN	The assembly thinned out once the tour boat loaded up with passengers .
tr	NNS	Their tongues explored each other and she wound her hands up into his thick , dark hair .
tr	NN	" How 's your hip ? "
tr	NN	At least the backyard isn 't a large patch of weeds and looks halfway decent .
tr	NNS	Hanging there in the cold , the winds howled .
tr	NNS	The warning signs had all been there .
tr	NN	The simple flip model jumped to life when she opened it .
tr	NN	That injury comes in sort of handy .
tr	NNS	The members of the church were reluctant to take anything without asking and without paying for it .
tr	NNS	My stomach winds in knots and I hope that he can handle it like he says .
tr	NN	" And there was no compromise either , was there ? "
tr	NN	The tech looked quickly at Arden 's face , trying to bolster the courage to ask if the rumors about how she 'd been shot were true .
tr	NN	Its pitch black in there , looks like it 's flocked or lined with felt .
tr	NNS	" Where have your journeys taken you ? "
tr	NNS	The big shots are chewing it over .
tr	NNS	Others practiced with melee weapons .
tr	NNS	The couples spread out on the field and began to dance .
tr	NN	The operator increases the speed and Jenna 's body shifts and sways in time with it .
tr	NN	An outline of electric purple formed around me and held me together .
tr	NN	" An arrest warrant . "
tr	NNS	Alexis spent the night staring at the ceiling of her cell .
tr	NN	Limited clearing needed , potentially good for cattle , but strong environmental concerns . '
tr	NN	Besides , Chance is coming back with my shake right now .
tr	NN	" The coast is clear .
tr	NN	And the sausage , well that should be frying by now .
tr	NN	On top of it sat a steaming pot of beef stew , a few chunks of toasted bread , and a jug full of iced tea .
tr	NNS	The two cylinders slid out of the floor , and in moments the image of the young Franklin Lange appeared with an angry scowl .
tr	NN	Normal human medicine doesn 't work on them . "
tr	NNS	Things had changed so much in the last six months .
tr	NNS	Thoughts seemed to slip through my grasp like water and , giving up , I settled on the word jerk .
tr	NNS	And if Green Bay turned out to be the entrance to a major water route to China , then thousands would pass this point .
tr	NNS	Marius pointed up as the fan swung from its cables and said , " They definitely try to get inside ! "
tr	NNS	The apartments on the nice end of town were , predictably , much more expensive .
tr	NN	The captain screamed , and soiled himself in terror .
tr	NNS	Folks thought they 'd take out their frustrations , about my Daddy not doin ' a good job as Chief of Police , on me .
tr	NNS	Things ground to a halt the day you left , and they 've been barely squeaking along since then .
tr	NN	The wire mesh on the huge opening of the wall adjacent to Dorian slid back and in stepped Helen Cromwell .
tr	NN	Where is your military bearing ? "
tr	NNS	The long grasses move , not with the wind , but against it .
tr	NN	" Morning , " Clay whispered back , not at all anxious to chat .
tr	NN	His lips grazed her , the tip of his tongue tasting her .
tr	NNS	In villages the villagers tended to get together to hunt down and beat up anyone who shorted their healer .
tr	NN	Her lace and silk dress .
tr	NN	Part of that was because he was still recovering from the testing centre , and it would be some time before he was healthy again .
tr	NNS	The detectives found a broken pane of glass on the back door .
tr	NN	An endearment sweeter even than his touch .
tr	NNS	Things that one day might come for you again .
tr	NN	What is that stench ?
tr	NNS	Those letters were private .
tr	NN	The dwarf pushed his glass away and speared Owen with a hard look .
tr	NN	The townsfolk themselves seemed to be disappearing .
tr	NN	" The rear courtyard is through those gates .
tr	NNS	Others in the room eventually stood and agreed , leaving Navarre helpless .
tr	NN	Of course , Ghost also possessed a warped sense of humor .
tr	NNS	The footsteps paused for a minute and I remained still until they continued on their path toward me , but they were no faster .
tr	NN	the commander grumbled in a coarse tone as he motioned for him to step forward .
tr	NNS	" All mistresses start somewhere , darling .
tr	NNS	The colors of things were off and any movement seemed slow .
tr	NN	What had the shooter hoped to accomplish ?
tr	NNS	" Maybe some rivals are behind this . "
tr	NN	The bloody bullet stared out at him .
tr	NN	" Shaw , let 's not be hasty , let 's think this through before we act , " the captain soothed .
tr	NN	Jazz listened to the distant , constant hiss of dead air , and finally said , " You still there ? "
tr	NNS	" So our deaths would have been mere battle causalities in your eyes ?
tr	NN	The men exchange glances , and then one by one stepped into the portal and disappeared .
tr	NNS	The colors were everywhere , some individual burning lines and some entwined like string wound into rope - stronger , thicker for being joined .
tr	NNS	Our training sessions mainly took place in a field behind our house .
tr	NN	Just seeing him shattered the fragile control my electrical workout had given me .
tr	NN	The elderly fellow eventually gathers himself and gets down to business .
tr	NNS	Silver Hair 's companions saw him behind Maximus and doubled their attack .
tr	NN	As the little girl slipped sideways , a piercing shriek speared into Gene 's ear .
tr	NNS	" If you would follow me , His Highness has been waiting for you to arrive so we can take off .
tr	NN	A moment later , the television flickered back on .
tr	NNS	Images of what I 'd read , and what Dr. Heller had revealed , flashed in front of my eyes .
tr	NNS	The movies had hurt so much she couldn 't think straight .
tr	NN	His voice lowered , a conspiratorial hush .
tr	NN	A quarter of a teaspoon twice a day is the best dose , if she can get it into him .
tr	NN	But as soon as Delilah stopped the vehicle , a black vested valet materialized from out of nowhere to park the SUV .
tr	NNS	" Why are there so many different healers here ? "
tr	NN	Robert wondered how they ever got out of China with all the surveillance the Chinese government has in place .
tr	NNS	Three exchanges of blood were necessary for complete conversion .
tr	NNS	The rats would have the mouth of the tunnel blocked , just in case any of them survived .
tr	NNS	And the motorcycles were getting closer .
tr	NNS	The wolves liked and respected Greta , but she was , after all , a female and not likely to survive a challenge .
tr	NNS	Evidently , precious metals are readily available in the Batcave vaults .
tr	NN	Despair washes over me .
tr	NNS	Even suggestions the Johnsons kidnapped her to get even with you .
tr	NN	The crisis was past .
tr	NN	Gulp , this colonel meant business , way too much business .
tr	NN	The dragon , " Jenna told him .
tr	NNS	There were no strings .
tr	NNS	The colors are different .
tr	NN	" Measure ' em , then we can decide . "
tr	NN	Rather than wait for the elevator I climbed the short ramp , doubtless designed to more easily accommodate wheelchairs .
tr	NN	So perhaps your intent is to humiliate her . "
tr	NN	Love is more than that .
tr	NNS	Instead of making her anxious or manic , the preparations seemed to soothe her .
tr	NN	" No offense , but I can handle myself .
tr	NN	There was a click and the bookcase rolled silently and easily along the wall to the left .
tr	NNS	Her pupils are dilated and glossy .
tr	NNS	Somewhere in the night , police sirens wailed , sawing along my nerves .
tr	NNS	The band members didn 't know Gary , but Gregori 's word would be obeyed unquestioningly within the Carpathian world .
tr	NNS	Images of a younger her , sadly standing in a dress by a window , flickered through Rena 's mind .
tr	NNS	Chess strayed a little closer to me , between me and him .
tr	NN	Our own duke won 't help us .
tr	NN	The blue cord crackled , brighter and more intense than his .
tr	NNS	Images of us together occupied my mind for a couple more seconds .
tr	NN	the youngest maid questioned .
tr	NNS	Derek 's nostrils flared as the scent of musk filled the air .
tr	NN	And there 's another condition .
tr	NNS	Among the Clans , the mighty drums were one such quality .
tr	NNS	Samuels slapped her hard across her mouth and then growled , " Stop your lying .
tr	NN	The spirit 's cold vanished but left a wave of icy sadness and grief so intense that it filled Kylie 's chest with pain .
tr	NN	There is a private jet landing at Orlando Executive Airport in 30 minutes .
tr	NN	One by one , each warrior filed up to offer Jackie his vow .
tr	NNS	Reyes didn 't like to deny his friend , but he told himself it was better that Lucien did not learn the terrible thing he 'd done .
tr	NNS	Sure movements jerked on the ties of her valise .
tr	NN	Low and beseeching , the whistle rose from where he crouched and lifted high into the atmosphere .
tr	NNS	Flames crawled over its surface .
tr	NN	" Where is my clothing ? "
tr	NNS	The following tales of mystery and truth grew out of the novel The Beggars of Azure .
tr	NNS	Soon , even the nationwide networks started making an appearance .
tr	NNS	Sirens can be clever .
tr	NNS	Even her favorite characters on television sitcoms were pregnant .
tr	NN	Ignoring her , the dragon rested his enormous head on his arms .
tr	NNS	The twins grimace as soon as they see her .
tr	NN	Suddenly a loud boom came from outside .
tr	NNS	My relatives bowed all together as they lifted the coffin .
tr	NN	The cub had been about five years old , just old enough to shift , and he 'd been naked and filthy .
tr	NNS	The twins turned around in line to face their father .
tr	NNS	" Now was that ladies stuff over here , or over there ? "
tr	NNS	Things didn 't change much for Helen until shortly after her sixteenth birthday .
tr	NNS	In colonies all over the galaxy , mothers tell their children : " You had better be good , or the Sliders will get you . "
tr	NN	A twinkle caught Kate 's eye , and the corners of her mouth twitched up .
tr	NN	My goal was to sound professional and completely unaffected by his voice .
tr	NN	Part of me wondered if I could just talk to her like ... like a friend .
tr	NN	Your receptionist will manage .
tr	NNS	Others want to shake my hand , which is awkward , since for once I 'm trying to eat .
tr	NN	The chaos going on around him had not subsided .
tr	NNS	The white strands of the man 's beard moved upward along his robe until they disappeared .
tr	NNS	My instincts told me to leave , but his green eyes softened .
tr	NNS	So , despite everything , there 's be two new additions to the family this next year .
tr	NNS	The boldness of it all , and still we did not grasp it right away .
tr	NNS	From the common , comfortable tropes , to the more taboo , these handpicked tales have a literary aspect designed to showcase what true horror can be .
tr	NNS	A few barks through whistling wind let them know it was Gunner , their dog assigned to roam the premises .
tr	NNS	At least the aliens had supplied her a cabin with a kitchen , bedroom , a bathroom and all kinds of conveniences .
tr	NN	There was a nightclub not far from here that he frequented .
tr	NNS	The frames were original to Jefferson 's time .
tr	NNS	The twins were beside themselves with excitement , a fresh burst of adrenaline to help them ignore encroaching exhaustion .
tr	NN	But the doors were like the forbidding entrance to a fortress , wrought of thick iron , the trunks of great trees .
tr	NN	A stool sat in the corner , with a pot of tea on it .
tr	NN	The captain didn 't look impressed .
tr	NNS	In fact , the two roads before this road had both been dirt , including this one .
tr	NN	A phoenix was in town .
tr	NN	' My reputation died the day I was born .
tr	NN	Verity saw the hunger , desperate hope , and violent command in his eyes before the white glare faded .
tr	NN	A limb sliced open the right side of his face .
tr	NN	His goal had shifted .
tr	NNS	" But little bits and pieces have come back .
tr	NNS	At one point , the twins took turns fucking Luis 's face while Jase continued to bang his ass with loud smacks .
tr	NN	After the announcer was done , the referee called them to the center of the ring .
tr	NNS	The gates were still opening , their movement slow and cumbersome due to their heavy weight and construction .
tr	NNS	Principal Costas put a reassuring hand on my shoulder and then left his office quietly .
tr	NNS	The nurses have to hold her back while they finish putting in IVs and getting ice for my throat .
tr	NNS	Others were strolling along the city walk talking without speaking .
tr	NNS	' Do wolves normally live so long ? '
tr	NNS	Their deaths opened up a passage to the light outside .
tr	NN	The ape poked his right index finger into Lord 's chest .
tr	NNS	Or were the old myths truer than the modern myths ?
tr	NNS	Old Alchemist fears , bred into me since birth , reared up .
tr	NN	A dark hooded and terrible figure suspended in the air effortlessly , looking in my direction .
tr	NNS	Elias hit the floor with a thud .
tr	NNS	There were so many whispers and curious stares .
tr	NN	His painstakingly built reputation as a serious financier with hardly a remarkable social life was threatening to collapse .
tr	NNS	In the front pew , the dowager duchess was immobilized , staring at Jordan , her right hand pressed to her throat .
tr	NN	It seemed to him , her modeling career should be at a peak , not an end .
tr	NNS	Even from our distance , their actions were clear .
tr	NNS	Running your name through it there are a few sentences about late payments for parking tickets and whatever which is normal .
tr	NNS	Similar thumps sounded as Zayne shot to his feet .
tr	NNS	Odysseus couldn 't arrange that -- but he could make provision for Ithaca .
tr	NNS	Both passengers and crew had now formed a semi-circle in front of Jake and each had a turn holding the sword .
tr	NNS	" There are no guarantees . "
tr	NNS	However , these characters kept demanding to have their story written .
tr	NN	The audience cooed as one .
tr	NN	Before them spread a fan-shaped valley a quarter mile long .
tr	NN	This meteorite is what we call a ' static fall . '
tr	NNS	There are no great warriors in my family , at least not that I know of . "
tr	NN	A pucker forms at his brows .
tr	NN	That passion extended to keeping her name clean and her reputation intact .
tr	NNS	Apparently the cameras would be flashing to us repeatedly while the show started , and we needed to be as still as possible .
tr	NNS	Violent images of the previous night flashed before my eyes , and my stomach twisted .
tr	NNS	The tiny blue ripples below him only agitated a further desire to disappear farther into the fog .
tr	NN	The transition was so quick I almost missed it .
tr	NN	The television and various stereo components , a network of boxes and devices and consoles below it , most with little green LED windows , seemed unharmed .
tr	NNS	A few wolves howled mournfully , far away .
tr	NN	Renzo 's kills had shown none of this preparation .
tr	NNS	A dozen different shots from Librarian guns hit her at once .
tr	NN	The human hunter was now intent on new prey .
tr	NNS	Others have lost their home on earth and seek to take from others .
tr	NN	The nearest neighbor was almost a mile away .
tr	NNS	Looks like old coffee cans . "
tr	NNS	Mortal fathers were protective enough ; vampire fathers were sure to be a hundred times worse .
tr	NNS	" My witnesses said they weren 't speeding .
tr	NN	But Dimitri 's gallant reputation and heroic acts soon overshadowed that .
tr	NN	Their budget had been squeaky tight and they were unable to afford any tours .
tr	NN	There was no hidden agenda in the man .
tr	NN	Lust is bad in its naked state , but when adorned with all manner of perverse trappings , it becomes monstrously savage and an entirely evil vice .
tr	NNS	About how thorough Dad 's education was ?
tr	NN	There was a gentle glide to her movements that appealed to him on a visceral level .
tr	NN	" Your landmark is Al 's Beef ? "
tr	NNS	The creatures moved altogether slower than birds do ; they possessed none of their vivacity and nervous , hopping grace .
tr	NN	His fedora floated in the air and landed on the ground .
tr	NN	The operator asked , " How close are the contractions ? "
tr	NN	Storm is suddenly alerted .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared as he looked at Mallory , and his brows lifted .
tr	NN	" Does the Book say that ? "
tr	NN	I switch it on and wait , pen poised .
tr	NN	Her flattery was not like my husband 's , given for no motive other than that she thought me pleasant to look upon .
tr	NN	" Commander , " the corporal said .
tr	NNS	The tests she 'd done several days ago were all positive .
tr	NN	His real daddy was some Thunderbolt pilot stationed up the Chesapeake Bay who came by the local airport doing landings during the war .
tr	NN	The tube jolted on its tracks and Paul felt a twinge of guilt .
tr	NN	A stack of them fall , toppling off the table .
tr	NN	Even though they were delicately inscribed , each stroke stood out clearly .
tr	NNS	" Well , ladies , now that you 've met , I 'll just go grab you some coffee and cookies . "
tr	NN	My arm limply fell to my side when flames shot from the side of the ship and a nightmarish grinding noise resonated through the day .
tr	NN	A siren went off right behind me .
tr	NN	A deep scowl spread across his face .
tr	NNS	" If my data is correct , and my conclusions , then the next round might turn to my favor .
tr	NNS	Claire 's eyes were fixed on an oil painting of a ship , its sails illuminated by the moon in its background .
tr	NNS	Blazing torches lined the drive from the bridge to a circular courtyard , illuminating the grandeur of the hall .
tr	NN	" This parchment is part of an ancient book , a book that has been lost for many many years now .
tr	NN	That scenario would be impossible .
tr	NNS	The gates began to swing open .
tr	NN	All the stupidity wore on him .
tr	NN	The veil was a permanent avian penumbra , flocks and swarms of birds , insects , flying mammals .
tr	NN	Her honesty washed over me like a refreshing summer rain .
tr	NN	Grief and seclusion had weakened him .
tr	NNS	Jewels trailed her somewhere in the crowd .
tr	NN	Overhead , lightning forked in readiness .
tr	NN	The caller ID read the number of the prison where Alex was held .
tr	NN	To one side farther up the mountain were some rickety looking wooden buildings .
tr	NN	Only a tiptoe of warmth sifted through the soil into the underground where darkness fell into the deep night .
tr	NN	A rumbling in her stomach told her that despite breakfast being an hour away , she was hungry .
tr	NN	Part of him hoped he wasn 't making a huge mistake , but they 'd never make it across the parking lot .
tr	NNS	Several tunnels produced bursts of abrupt darkness accompanied by the roaring of the engine as sound bounced back from the tunnel walls .
tr	NN	The mayor smiled at the traitor casually .
tr	NNS	Their conjugal visits changed slightly after their first week of marriage .
tr	NN	In my scenario , the pilot is the pilot .
tr	NN	Two weeks later , on the day she was scheduled to leave the hospital , Jazz had a new visitor .
tr	NNS	Sure enough , there were black SUVs out there on the street .
tr	NNS	Megan grins and turns in her seat , nodding her head .
tr	NN	The heavy padding of Watney 's suit saved him from many broken bones .
tr	NN	The deputy asked , " Are you Kelly Carlson ? "
tr	NN	It ' l make you feel better . "
tr	NNS	Things like passports have a way of turning up as incriminating evidence a few hundred years later .
tr	NNS	" Hey , " copying my actions a while ago " thanks to you , I didn 't lose much blood . "
tr	NN	The vendor glanced at him and continued neatly preparing his display .
tr	NNS	The uniforms were talking with a few college-aged guys .
tr	NNS	The band members were friends of his and he 'd scored amazing tickets .
tr	NN	The colonel stepped forward , saluting each general in turn .
tr	NNS	4 Good blades will bend , yet still come back to true , And hold the keenest edge .
tr	NN	The model appeared in the back of the studio , her hair dripping wet .
tr	NNS	Enclosed spaces paralyzed Shane .
tr	NNS	Hephaestus leaned toward Zeus and whispered , " Come on , man . "
tr	NN	But all he saw was the countryside under the dull light of a reddish moon .
tr	NN	The opera opens in eight days . "
tr	NN	" The airport , " he instructed the driver .
tr	NN	And the difficulty was only just beginning .
tr	NNS	There are no pills other than the one Realm kept .
tr	NNS	Lots of stuff happened in Jamaica .
tr	NNS	" Plans are on the table .
tr	NNS	Her tits are popping out of the lace bra she has on and I can see every inch of exposed skin .
tr	NNS	Things had been crazy when they 'd gotten back to her house after all the hours of teasing .
tr	NN	Then walked off with the drill to find solid ground .
tr	NNS	Shouts went up on deck as the sailors called the Captain 's attention to the battered messenger .
tr	NNS	Any sudden changes in your breathing or heartbeat and we 'll yank you out . "
tr	NN	" Go along now , " the cowboy said , backing up a step .
tr	NN	Her pulse picked up , and the air surrounding them became heavy with unspoken messages .
tr	NN	Suzy flatly spoke the word with no supporting body language , her foot tapping , increasingly quickly .
tr	NN	The gunfire and shrieking would have prompted a dozen calls to the authorities , as well .
tr	NN	Part of her screamed at her to tell him everything , but she had no idea why .
tr	NNS	My fears about writing a Broadway play had evaporated .
tr	NNS	And the prints are too big to be Cam 's . "
tr	NNS	Above her head , the fluorescent strips flickered with greater intensity .
tr	NN	But the captain said to tell you they 'll arrange for police transport to and from the courthouse . "
tr	NN	The little angel appears , shaking her head vigorously .
tr	NN	" His reputation is spotless ; it always has been .
tr	NN	The bullet was still in your shoulder . "
tr	NN	To the escalating rhythm of her satin screams , his frenzied rumbles echoing them .
tr	NN	His absence left Gabriel lonely .
tr	NNS	Freaks tended to be predictable in their attacks .
tr	NN	The elf on the Salome club 's marquee resembles Jasmine .
tr	NNS	Two eggs appeared and hit the criminal in the face .
tr	NN	The passion and the heat was there again , this time a slow burn infusing both of them instead of an explosion .
tr	NN	A distant siren wailed behind me .
tr	NN	The senator has influential connections . "
tr	NN	Within the room , there was a deep black pit that was extremely wide , making the path around it narrow .
tr	NN	And truth be told , the goddess did not seem like the sort to trust anyone .
tr	NNS	Things may happen , loves may come and then be lost , but home is where they 'll always welcome ye back .
tr	NNS	His buddies were there , still young .
tr	NN	His wry chuckle echoed around us .
tr	NNS	Our wolves are a perfect match , and if you give me a chance I 'll prove to you that I 'm the man for you . "
tr	NNS	Moses turned his staff into a snake .
tr	NN	What 's your status ?
tr	NN	His father had taught him to sail on it , taught him the language of wind and water , of buoyancy and air .
tr	NNS	His prints , though , were still there , and Johnnie recognized them .
tr	NNS	Maris stood , sucking in a deep breath .
tr	NN	A similar concept is a wave farm which uses waves to raise and lower buoys and generate electricity that way .
tr	NN	" What 's the priest want to know ? "
tr	NN	" A suitcase was all Layton brought in - " Now she stopped and stared at him with dawning horror .
tr	NN	Lying , lying , lying .
tr	NN	And why the hell did the werewolf want her so badly ?
tr	NNS	" The last fifty changes have all been over the budget line so I have to take every new one upstairs to get Howard 's autograph . "
tr	NN	The water elemental was in her prime and only growing stronger - just the way Jo-Jo always described me and my magic .
tr	NN	The mountain itself began to spew out a great cloud of what looked like grey powder , illuminated from within by scarlet light .
tr	NN	Below their feet , the pilot closed the hatch .
tr	NNS	Thoughts ticked over in her mind .
tr	NNS	The swarms turned sharply , then split up , cutting off the rabbit 's escape to the left and right .
tr	NN	There was a faint click from the lock .
tr	NNS	" Inspector , before you disappear to the smoke , there are a few items we need to progress .
tr	NNS	What is it that cats like better than mice ? "
tr	NNS	Spy Games ' clients pressed in on them .
tr	NNS	The other scavengers took to the air immediately , leaving Luna undisturbed to retrieve her arrow and the bird attached to it .
tr	NNS	Reyes had seen her only a few times , talked to her even less , but still , he craved her with every ounce of his being .
tr	NNS	" I think , " Abbie said , " your actions right now are answering that question for you . "
tr	NNS	Her actions have proven it .
tr	NNS	Inquiring minds did NOT need to know .
tr	NNS	" That many chips , plus one , " I said .
tr	NNS	Book ideas are a little bit like falling in love .
tr	NNS	Suspicious jabbed , smiling as his gaze dropped to her waistline .
tr	NNS	Instead , my head presses hard against the steering wheel and I blink rapidly , willing the world to stop spinning .
tr	NNS	And then some bleacher seats started popping their rivets and peeling up .
tr	NN	Her grandmother let out a long breath and muttered something in Spanish Esme didn 't catch .
tr	NNS	And the dolphins shoved the man and chest within her reach .
tr	NNS	Thoughts , feelings , and emotions collided in her chest and she wasn 't sure which ones were her own and which ones belonged to her spirit .
tr	NN	" Down here , it 's kill or be killed , " Ferry said .
tr	NNS	The teachers seemed confused .
tr	NN	Julie , he thought , my sweet Jessica ... Richard fell forward into the sand .
tr	NNS	Words flowed out , muffled by the shadows : " You survived my trap .
tr	NNS	" The Others put them at forks in the roads .
tr	NNS	Dogs ran loose , and bicyclists peddled slowly up the steep incline of a path that bisected the road .
tr	NN	Our goal is to destroy the wagons and the weapons they contain . "
tr	NNS	Only the narrow trails and extensive marshes surrounding the town had prevented the main force of riders from arriving totally unannounced !
tr	NN	Or especially the factory owners . "
tr	NNS	Cadmus stared absently at the horizon of the bustling city .
tr	NNS	Some good competitors will be in the ring but it won 't be covered heavily by the press because the purse is small .
tr	NNS	Things are going really well . "
tr	NNS	The hail worms are their predator .
tr	NNS	The ogres did not stand for cowardice in any fashion or render any mercy whatsoever .
tr	NNS	The wolves around us snarled in earnest , snapping their jaws and rending the air in their impatience .
tr	NN	And Love could understand that .
tr	NNS	Speed limits gone astray .
tr	NNS	His sandals left deep , soft scars in the white sand , healed by the warm touch of the waters .
tr	NN	Just like when they 'd seen Taboo Tortured the audience largely consisted of other bands and their girlfriends .
tr	NN	Maybe a quarter of the village 's population could fit inside , but I didn 't care about them .
tr	NN	Also by Amanda Martin : BABY BLUES AND WEDDING SHOES Amanda 's latest release , the chick lit novel Baby Blues and Wedding Shoes is available now .
tr	NNS	' My apologies but I really don 't care whether you call the police .
tr	NN	The salad was dry but the Coke made him perk up .
tr	NN	All that mattered was him .
tr	NNS	" And those wolves were huge .
tr	NN	The bombshell leaned against the bar and Dean did the same , deciding to let her take the lead .
tr	NNS	The footsteps drew nearer , entering her apartment and walking right past where she hid , disrupting the natural light .
tr	NN	My chef is happily inventing menus for you .
tr	NN	Flickering firelight lit up the common room .
tr	NNS	" Things will get better .
tr	NNS	Rachel texts back immediately .
tr	NN	" So this recording of the person should have the same rights as the person you recorded .
tr	NNS	For some reason , the wolves were focusing their attention toward our classroom and began walking in our direction .
tr	NNS	The insecurities that always followed thoughts of perfection fled at the warmth in his mother 's voice and the comforting smells of home .
tr	NN	" Possibly short term , " he explained .
tr	NNS	" The changes were subtle at first .
tr	NNS	The dwarves made sure of that .
tr	NN	The computer 's read-out equipment , display consoles , and so on , are peripheral .
tr	NN	Now , the dead warrior would not lose their grip on the weapon .
tr	NNS	The pungent aromas of garlic , thyme , simmering tomatoes , and baking bread filled the air .
tr	NNS	Looks could be deceiving .
tr	NN	" Where 's your warrior ? "
tr	NN	There was a low growl from beyond , and he instinctively took a step back .
tr	NN	Her weariness was obvious in her voice .
tr	NN	The paint can lay abandoned .
tr	NNS	The lies came out one after the other .
tr	NNS	His thumbs brushed across the lips of her sex , then dipped inside .
tr	NNS	when the winds became so strong that it was almost blowing the ship over on its side . "
tr	NNS	More shouts reverberated through the night , above the sounds of traffic .
tr	NN	" A cloaked frigate . "
tr	NNS	The clan members scattered to avoid the fire .
tr	NN	At its centre a large sculpture of St. George who is about to slay the dragon .
tr	NNS	The pillows were soft and the mattress was very firm .
tr	NN	" How was your session ?
tr	NN	The hunt 's over .
tr	NNS	What good are promises that could be interpreted so liberally ? "
tr	NNS	Credit cards are still there with his identification .
tr	NN	The wind cut out on the leeward side of the stables , the relative warmth a waft of relief .
tr	NN	But , as Mirabelle said , Mum 's motto was ' It 's business , it 's not personal ' . "
tr	NN	A bubbling pot needs stirring from time to time .
tr	NN	The FBI 's temporary headquarters for its Fawcett task force was a warehouse in an industrial park near the Roanoke Regional Airport .
tr	NN	There was a sparkle in his eye that made Renna wonder if he 'd guessed what she 'd been thinking about .
tr	NNS	Their horns were massive , and they were joined together at the base in the center of the animal 's forehead .
tr	NN	A wisp of her hair tickled at my neck , and I said , " Nice to see you again , Kelsey . "
tr	NNS	Then the twists and turns the book could take .
tr	NNS	Things went badly and the four of them were pinned down by an enemy platoon .
tr	NNS	The two halves were empty on top of the blanket .
tr	NNS	" And the five readers will love the photos . "
tr	NN	The schooling requirement in Salvation might 've given me some clue , but there , the magic number was sixteen , and I 'd reached it .
tr	NNS	My abilities to see what was beyond the story wouldn 't cease , and that was proven when I looked at Davion 's manuscript .
tr	NN	On the opposite side of where I was , there was a rumbling waterfall that fell at least fifty feet below into the dark water .
tr	NNS	My companions here are the governor of Idaho and his assistant , Dr. Paul Kendall . "
tr	NN	Each townhouse boasted a tiny , maybe ten foot by twenty foot , yard .
tr	NNS	The warning signs had gone up too late .
tr	NNS	There was several supply cylinders of what looked like liquid gas .
tr	NN	Gabrielle 's pulse quickened .
tr	NN	" He 's not the only one , " the angel muttered .
tr	NNS	Occasional taller hills would swell out of the low dunes ; salt pans stretched pallid white ; a trickling stream or a hollow full of water .
tr	NNS	The images , his memories , fitted neatly together .
tr	NNS	If Sheriff Robinson found us here , the consequences would be unpleasant .
tr	NN	In the ad , my landlord described it as cozy with historic charm .
tr	NN	It hurts your people 's pride , but that 's the way I see it , " said the marine policeman .
tr	NNS	" The stormy winds are beginning to blow themselves out .
tr	NNS	Mech wolves nudged Jimmy roughly back toward the REX .
tr	NNS	The supplies and personnel that chopper contained would be available in minutes .
tr	NN	The castle was similar to the other governors ' homes , yet it lacked some of the opulence .
tr	NN	Love , Liam Her heart gave a little dance .
tr	NN	A captain sprang to his feet , and without the usual courtesy he spoke flippantly .
tr	NNS	The caged rats were making a din .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared and his eyes narrowed .
tr	NNS	" Any changes in the timeline can result in disaster .
tr	NNS	The jagged edges smoothed .
tr	NNS	The edges of the dream fray , and when it 's gone completely , I roll over and yawn .
tr	NNS	" Stop , " Rex calmly commands .
tr	NNS	I tilted my chin upwards , while he held my face , his thumbs grazing my cheeks .
tr	NNS	" Yes , but when faced with extinction , coffee breaks lose their importance .
tr	NN	The operator eased the clutch and increased the throttle .
tr	NN	" Hey , now , no growling and hissing , " Trajan walked in and slapped Tony on the back , breaking the tension .
tr	NN	" A few hours ago this moth fluttered , struggling to escape your skin . "
tr	NN	" But it is one of her favorites , " the maid protested .
tr	NN	Our newest arrival was most pleased to hear that some of his colleagues from the Deity Island Covenant had reached our campus . "
tr	NNS	Being creatures that had to hunt and survive on human flesh and blood meant they had to kill quickly and efficiently .
tr	NN	There is a rustle of purses and jingle of coin as bets are made .
tr	NNS	Other trumpets took it up , and the momentary pause in the advance was over .
tr	NN	I leaned my head back , my bravado not flinching under his displeased gaze .
tr	NNS	Those trousers will never do and that flimsy upper garment serves no purpose . "
tr	NN	" We 'll do whatever we can to make sure you graduate on time , " the dean said .
tr	NN	Yes , the contract is fair , and I have wanted to work for the company for a while . "
tr	NN	My pulse picks up .
tr	NNS	Things never align the way I want them to , but as I 've learned to my cost , I 'm not the center of the universe .
tr	NN	" Yeah , the whole concept of teenager seems to have been invented in America .
tr	NN	The captain waved away the criticism .
tr	NNS	His thrusts grew bolder , more fervent , his chest rising and falling with his harsh breathing .
tr	NN	" Quiet an exhibition the young fellow put on this afternoon , wasn 't it ? "
tr	NN	There was a moment 's hesitation , and I knew this was the turning point of whether she could help or not .
tr	NNS	The Grey House vamps wavered , probably the result of some mental Master juju Scott was throwing their way .
tr	NN	A ruby blush colored Rick 's cheeks .
tr	NNS	Two eggs over easy , bacon , cooked crisp , and two pieces of sourdough toast with strawberry jam if they had it .
tr	NN	" What 's your name angel ? "
tr	NNS	Alexis wanted Xavier to come to her court when he arrived home .
tr	NN	The cookie tin with the Santa Claus motif sat on the floor in the back of the car covered with a striped kitchen towel .
tr	NN	There is hatred , and people want revenge .
tr	NN	It was a fair trade , the tribe will be satisfied .
tr	NNS	The mattress was a roiling bonfire .
tr	NNS	Things became more and more familiar , the closer I got to home .
tr	NN	" A clown named Higa . "
tr	NN	After more than a decade , her mother 's cancer was back .
tr	NN	A new coast loomed ; Saint Tropez beckoned .
tr	NNS	My eyelids lift open .
tr	NN	The infection is not just here in Kingston Valley .
tr	NN	" Unless even their loyalty came from a compulsion . "
tr	NN	Love , not loved .
tr	NNS	The bits of metal sparked and sputtered , the outermost pieces glowing bright purple .
tr	NNS	The mattress fit snugly in the bed frame .
tr	NNS	Translucent curved spikes burst from his spine .
tr	NN	The raven soon disappeared and in another moment flew in through the chimney .
tr	NN	" This Jacuzzi has eased a lot of tense muscles after working out with my brothers . "
tr	NN	" My Prince , " the Death Watchman whispered .
tr	NNS	Your uncle 's lies were uncalled for .
tr	NN	As I am clasping the bottom with a rubber band my tablet vibrates .
tr	NN	The bullet never even hit me .
tr	NNS	" Your tits look fucking amazing in that bra . "
tr	NN	Her second orgasm was just around the corner .
tr	NN	The redhead was quite breathtaking at the moment , eyes darker and skin slightly flushed after his exercises .
tr	NN	The attorney said there were no witnesses , while the Captain mumbled that there were witnesses .
tr	NN	The Prophet was very creative in his ways to make a profit and stave off taxes .
tr	NNS	The gates between the worlds will close forever , and we will be trapped here . "
tr	NNS	Things were spiralling out of control .
tr	NNS	" The burns will heal , in time . "
tr	NNS	The fabrics of the furniture are all solids , with no old fashioned flower patterns of any kind .
tr	NNS	Images of the bachelor auction floated through my mind .
tr	NN	The organization will continue on without me , less controlled and more violent , though . "
tr	NN	Love is the only mysterious magic in the world that gives us hope . "
tr	NNS	There were couples stashed in several corners .
tr	NN	In the confined quiet of the tunnel , the cascade echoed like hail peppering a sidewalk .
tr	NNS	The jewels on her bodice glittered as wildly as her eyes .
tr	NN	A grand staircase sweeps upstairs , and it is on these richly carpeted steps that I tread with trepidation .
tr	NN	She 'd slipped half a dozen coppery bracelets over each wrist , all of them slender , all of them hanging more heavily than they should have .
tr	NN	The pitch of her voice rose and her fingers dug into his shoulders .
tr	NNS	" Zombie legends tell of drugs overcoming the will .
tr	NNS	As she stood , transfixed , the colors changed from green to blue .
tr	NN	Another loud crash sounded .
tr	NNS	So perhaps his earlier stiffness had not been from affront but paranoia .
tr	NN	Pushing through the doors , the sparkle on her finger caught her eye and she stopped , causing several people to run into her .
tr	NN	All that mattered was that she was outside .
tr	NNS	On the spine , spidery letters were too faint to be read .
tr	NN	Above , a gargoyle looks down from a ledge .
tr	NN	Instead , a stupid little spider had attacked .
tr	NNS	Her companions loved her and she knew it .
tr	NNS	The downstairs rooms had been cleared of furniture , save for a stray piece or two .
tr	NNS	Not all warriors , not all men , not all opponents , but all members of the tribe , women and children included .
tr	NNS	Things truly could have been very different .
tr	NN	The dwelling would never be worthy of her .
tr	NNS	The networks and cable guys are all , well , almost all , on board .
tr	NN	Below , his climbing partner was a barely discernible blur .
tr	NN	After a few beginning remarks , the district attorney rose .
tr	NNS	Oxygen leaks across the alveolar membrane and across the capillary membrane , too .
tr	NNS	Sometimes lies of omission were the kindest ones .
tr	NN	Now , git yer butt home .
tr	NN	In the shade of trees the hunter was drinking from his water pouch when he suddenly heard some cracking noise .
tr	NN	Her momentum kept her sliding under her legs .
tr	NN	Like it was a privilege . "
tr	NN	" How 's the writing going ?
tr	NN	The terminal opened up ahead of him , wide and cavernous , with people flowing in both directions , and he lengthened his stride .
tr	NN	There was a kitchenette attached to the living room where a woman in her thirties was wiping down a cracked linoleum counter top .
tr	NNS	Where are all the last-minute confessions to the hangman , designed to warn others of the evil consequences of naughty behavior ?
tr	NN	But as Deuce warmed a little , the psychiatrist in him began to have a fit .
tr	NNS	the cousins exclaimed in unison .
tr	NNS	Images of walking up long driveways and heading into backyards fills my mind .
tr	NN	The chase wasn 't over just yet .
tr	NN	But her lust was not his lust .
tr	NN	The knight had opened a new door for her .
tr	NN	" Tracer , " Ferry gasped .
tr	NNS	Girls watched him too , when they thought he wasn 't looking , but he noticed everything .
tr	NNS	Waves rolled and crashed against limestone on his other side .
tr	NNS	Others do - that 's veal - but we 're known for our grass-fed , organic beef .
tr	NNS	Sometimes family tendencies can skip a generation , or a brother may inherit a characteristic which a sister doesn 't get .
tr	NN	The applause rose to a peak with this gesture , then settled back down to mere thunder once more .
tr	NN	Considering the results of his last checkup quitting hadn 't proved worthwhile .
tr	NN	The 61st Division had originally taken it over to house the thousands of Germans who had surrendered in the closing days of the war .
tr	NN	The magic shield lifted and changed shape , wrapping around the Spell Wizard to encase it in a bubble of light .
tr	NN	Nausea roiled in the pit of her stomach .
tr	NN	While the mate was doing that , the captain addressed the bridge .
tr	NN	The arrangement was orderly .
tr	NN	The software generates it to avoid any misinterpretations .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of Gaston and the way he 'd kissed her before lunch kept filtering through her concentration .
tr	NNS	Light bursts through the lock and Pen and Des push open the gate .
tr	NNS	After swapping back into their original clothes , the couples lined up again in the middle of the field .
tr	NN	The supervisor , a chic well-dressed man , comes up to the counter with a well-rehearsed smile .
tr	NN	My resolve not to kiss you until you wanted to be kissed was wearing thin . "
tr	NN	May the hunt be prosperous they shouted after the men .
tr	NN	a lady executive burst out .
tr	NN	" A safe place , " her kidnapper replied , eliciting another mental scoff from Kira .
tr	NN	The hunt was over .
tr	NN	Her Life 's Library . "
tr	NN	There was a growl in the room , and it was from somebody 's stomach .
tr	NN	The lead actor had laryngitis and the understudy contracted a bronchial infection , causing the producers to cancel four performances .
tr	NNS	Maybe when I fell out of that tree , my wrists caught on something . "
tr	NN	Merrill 's compulsion was struggling to stay with me ; it just couldn 't , flying away from my mind like an exhaled breath .
tr	NNS	There were many letters .
tr	NN	The absence of sound lets me hear his insanity digging into my brain and settling in .
tr	NN	The lamp on her nightstand shone on her red shoulder length hair and down onto her arms and hands .
tr	NNS	Streaming currents of snow and high-altitude fog swam in , obscuring everything before her .
tr	NN	Again , his own reflection in the mirror startled him , brought him back to the moment .
tr	NN	" Based on travel duration and the supplies their astronaut has remaining , any such probe would have to be launched within a month .
tr	NNS	Flames leapt from the candle on the table , joining with one rising from the bottom of the basin .
tr	NN	The fellow was more or less Glen 's height but more chest and shoulder .
tr	NN	The tranquilizer is working fast .
tr	NN	The realisation of the magnitude of what I had done was too much to bear .
tr	NNS	Drugs are a terrible menace !
tr	NNS	Two figures were approaching their table : a tall , redheaded woman , and a girl with the same red hair and green eyes .
tr	NN	" My ex-girlfriend , Hailey , and I had known each other since we were babies .
tr	NNS	Elias rose from his kneeling position , seemingly unaffected .
tr	NN	" Yeah , my Keeper 's mark appeared when I was about twelve .
tr	NNS	The newer vamps fell back as the flames crackled around her and sparks shot into the air .
tr	NNS	The garden and livestock areas take up an entire floor .
tr	NNS	So many gifted bloodlines have failed that you may represent my last opportunity to pass my knowledge forward to a worthy apprentice . "
tr	NNS	Pack members dismantled the cage into sections and took apart the agility arena with efficient dispatch .
tr	NN	The kitten has nuzzled into the collar of his shirt and sits there , soaking up his heat .
tr	NN	A puff of cloud drifted down and veiled the rocks , but otherwise all was still .
tr	NNS	Drugs and weapons were bad enough .
tr	NNS	Rats and thieves , those were the only things to be found on the shore of the Thames tonight .
tr	NNS	* * * The visitors left promising to stop by on Thursday for the band 's last night .
tr	NN	The one-eyed games master took my hands in his and squeezed hard by way of greeting .
tr	NNS	These two pills will start the process .
tr	NN	" Hello , " said the deputy , " who are you ? "
tr	NN	A deep , resonant croak , almost a bark , sounded somewhere not far behind Jason .
tr	NNS	The edges of the window bend inward .
tr	NNS	" Half my fans hate me !
tr	NNS	Her nostrils flared , filling her senses with the scent of his lust and excitement .
tr	NNS	The authorities were not sure if Sage was a co-conspirator or just inadvertently found out about the plot to kill her .
tr	NNS	My sneakers squeaked a bit as I came to quick halt in front of the door .
tr	NN	There was a hesitation in her voice , as if she feared angering him .
tr	NN	' There is a chasm between this face of rock and the sheltered section .
tr	NN	This function was one of his traps where he wrung what he could get out of them for his favorite causes .
tr	NNS	Reyes zeroed in on the man 's tattoo : the mark of infinity , symmetrical , black .
tr	NN	One puff and the cigarette was making me sick .
tr	NNS	Things may become very unsettled in the coming months .
tr	NNS	But why would the werewolves come for Duncan ?
tr	NN	Where is this reserve ?
tr	NNS	The regular gates and their sterile blue were comforting compared to this .
tr	NN	With a new baby , your Parental sensitivity is very high .
tr	NN	Nearby , a low growl came from some sort of animal .
tr	NN	Luther 's morning routine hadn 't changed in the eighteen years he 'd lived on Hemlock .
tr	NN	Your debt to me ... " " My soul ! "
tr	NN	Hank , who faced out , pulled his Red Sox baseball cap lower on his head and slipped on a pair of sunglasses .
tr	NN	The doll trundled toward Isabella with unnerving accuracy .
tr	NN	The sub started up again , churning sediment , and glided forward a hundred yards .
tr	NNS	Things go terribly wrong and it turns into a nightmare .
tr	NNS	In reality , there are no gangs in a federal camp and no violence .
tr	NNS	Things had changed so quickly .
tr	NNS	In the navy , there were no higher stakes than those that threatened an officer 's vessel in combat .
tr	NNS	Two spaces at the full bar magically opened up when a few locals saw that Akira wanted us to sit there .
tr	NN	Sweat and water dripped down my face and shoulders making my clothing stick to my skin .
tr	NNS	Earlier in the day , the two couples had taken a picnic lunch to Point Defiance Zoo .
tr	NNS	Except my cats were going to be books .
tr	NNS	Tris and I exchange a glance , then stand behind Reggie at the table to see the screen .
tr	NN	The neighbourhood was quiet as I walked to school .
tr	NNS	In my world , legends often skirted the truth .
tr	NN	Even his fisherman sweater and worn jeans added to his rugged appeal .
tr	NN	His prey would follow .
tr	NN	" The writing is on the wall . "
tr	NNS	Because of the raging fanaticism of the cult , the warriors entering the city frequently found it necessary to kill those who might otherwise have been spared .
tr	NN	Another bullet struck the side of the boat , knocking a small , round hole in the wood .
tr	NNS	These actions lead to a lack of cash , a crisis of confidence , and much land speculation .
tr	NN	For a second , I actual y thought I had been tagged .
tr	NNS	" There were four other similar kills the police couldn 't connect to the club . "
tr	NNS	But my grandparents have a beagle who hates cats , so Bailey has to stay home when we go to visit them . "
tr	NNS	" Soldiers , " said Windle .
tr	NNS	Rufus paused , enjoying the tension , reveling in it .
tr	NNS	Sini 's pupils widened .
tr	NN	The wood trim was dark and deeply polished , probably mahogany .
tr	NNS	Blood tests showed it .
tr	NNS	Lots of work was available .
tr	NNS	" What are the chances he 'll recover from this ? "
tr	NNS	Lights flickered from between the branches and in the trunk itself , lights that glowed blue and silver like captured stars .
tr	NNS	The puffs of air coming from her mouth grew faster , heavier .
tr	NN	Each pulse of heat spilling into her drove her higher until she could no longer breathe .
tr	NN	The parade continued though the congested streets .
tr	NNS	Once they saw the data even the most vocal opponents shut up .
tr	NN	The whole raft tipped sideways like a racing car on two wheels and actually bounced across the rock .
tr	NN	And then the wailing ceased .
tr	NNS	No way all these mysterious actions are his fault !
tr	NNS	Romulus gritted his teeth .
tr	NN	The guardian staggered as she managed to stand , shaking with the pain and trauma of her injuries .
tr	NN	Jeremiah 's observation that we need ' self-defence ' is an interesting one .
tr	NN	Surprisingly , the exchange took place almost as if it had not happened .
tr	NNS	The first two candidates had already addressed the crowd .
tr	NNS	Maybe the kisses weren 't the result of amazing chemistry between the two of them .
tr	NNS	Larger square cakes were in the shape of cottages , and it was all for me .
tr	NN	Look , don 't let him have been given eternal damnation for nothing . "
tr	NNS	Behind Wraith , four wolves and Max watched curiously .
tr	NN	The lust for blood drove him crazy .
tr	NN	Has the Amaranth tribe tamed the rage out of your nature ? "
tr	NNS	The ruckus awakened Laura and she started crying .
tr	NNS	Dragons cry only when they are in the deepest mourning or when they have committed a terrible betrayal .
tr	NNS	Bugs shot his pal an odd glance , unsure of what he was referring to .
tr	NN	The lightning passed over her and hit the wall , exploding the hallway door .
tr	NNS	" Your Highness , " I said quickly , relying on the reverence of the title to pull me out of trouble .
tr	NN	Today , unfortunately isn 't going to be a pleasant one . "
tr	NNS	The more ideas , the better the chance one is correct .
tr	NN	" What ... what ... " I stutter , gasping for air like I 've been held underwater too long .
tr	NN	Once , a cow knocked me into the mud , and now I 'm filthy on account of a dumb girl . "
tr	NNS	The preparations should be amusing .
tr	NN	" Morning sunshine . "
tr	NNS	His jaws cinches as though he were in great pain .
tr	NNS	Words stuck in Iona 's throat .
tr	NNS	Words like adultery or fornication seemed foreign now .
tr	NN	Another roar made them both freeze in their tracks but still they managed to turn their heads to the direction of the hideous sound .
tr	NN	Every nerve ending in Helen 's body sparked .
tr	NN	So the cart rolled to a stop in front of the church , and Dan ' r put his hands to his knees to breathe .
tr	NN	The aura this place gave off was too good .
tr	NN	A pre-existing condition they call it .
tr	NN	And considering how Nicole 's mother had died , her grandmother wouldn 't raise a finger to help save their ships .
tr	NNS	My eyelids shot wide as I sprung into a seated position .
tr	NNS	Soon the tunnels split into two directions .
tr	NNS	Or wanna-be colleagues , I guess is more appropriate . "
tr	NN	The landlord used to come look at it once a week , sometimes twice , just to make sure she hadn 't opened it .
tr	NN	Pugsley tested his theory , " It 's an assumption . "
tr	NN	This pit worked pretty effectively as a cold cellar .
tr	NNS	Things have gone far enough . "
tr	NNS	The insects swarm around you , biting until you 're covered in blood .
tr	NN	The Death of Rats shrugged sympathetically .
tr	NNS	" Alexander , these paintings are gorgeous .
tr	NNS	It was mistakes that led to our youth not success , some experiments yielded far reaching results , far beyond their intended goals .
tr	NNS	Tradition , honour and fate − it is all men are .
tr	NN	The brat glanced up from his place on the floor , where he was stacking wooden blocks .
tr	NN	Even the Last Resort had failed .
tr	NNS	His thumbs worked down the edges of her spine .
tr	NNS	His movements were less vigorous now ; his mouth was moving , but we heard only gasps .
tr	NNS	The coaches lifted into the night clouds with three wailing teenage boys .
tr	NN	" Love and war don 't work that way . "
tr	NNS	" Things won 't ever be the same but do come again .
tr	NNS	Their guesses would be less precise than hers .
tr	NN	If this works , his social development will advance rapidly , and he ' ll need you more than ever . "
tr	NN	" My first real combat , and I froze up .
tr	NNS	The trappings made no sense .
tr	NNS	Red spots began to appear in Jay 's cheeks , deepening the freckles there .
tr	NNS	My nostrils flared at the new scent when Tink returned .
tr	NNS	Cade 's nostrils flared as he tried to contain his hatred of Sebastian .
tr	NN	A flutter of joy quickens my pulse .
tr	NNS	If the distillation of poisons isn 't blended to take gender into account , the effects could be unpleasant . "
tr	NNS	Words poured out of her .
tr	NN	If a chip still has problems , then the override permanently disables the chips and the weapon . "
tr	NN	A dismissive chuckle sounded .
tr	NNS	Even the ghosts had fallen silent as if they too were anxious about my escape .
tr	NNS	" and your opponents say you come because you feel guilty for condemning a people who have already been cursed . "
tr	NN	Because if you were there , you pr ' y would have taken my arrow in your back , because you are always following me . "
tr	NNS	The servants each stopped what they were doing and kneeled down , staring at the floor .
tr	NN	In moments , the first priest appeared .
tr	NN	Definitely not the iron spike I had driven through the soft flesh of his palms .
tr	NNS	Reyes dodged his attack , his teeth savaging the gray 's neck .
tr	NNS	The letters will be private .
tr	NN	By the time the zombies were inside , the balance between chaos and order was already too lopsided for organized resistance .
tr	NNS	" Layla , our body temperatures run differently than yours .
tr	NN	A career with the FBI wasn 't exactly a nine to five position .
tr	NNS	Some of the oldest children 's tales contain warnings about them .
tr	NN	" That Neville fellow arrived while you were in the garden , and against my better judgment I granted him entry .
tr	NN	A big black castle emerged on the horizon like a black cloud .
tr	NN	Chance frowned at me .
tr	NNS	Words were not coming for the first time in days .
tr	NNS	Things changed when Tavia showed up one day to check in .
tr	NN	" No offense , but you should be sorry .
tr	NNS	Abbey bellowed over the thunderous thuds that echoed around the room .
tr	NN	Her uncle wants this project badly , and she 's not going to disappointment him .
tr	NNS	Two figures circled each other beneath the branches of a silver pine , a pair of swords held in front of them .
tr	NNS	Several scenes shot through his mind ; then he remembered !
tr	NN	The player was Paul .
tr	NNS	The flight attendants patrolling the aisles of the twin prop plane were particularly charming and friendly .
tr	NN	The pungent smells of alcohol , heavy cigar smoke , garbage , and vomit swirl in the air , and she nearly gags several times .
tr	NN	My only contribution to the affair involved the tent where it was taking place .
tr	NNS	My Gramps taught me . "
tr	NN	My lord , I don 't know what he means to do to her but it must be ill -- " " Hold on !
tr	NN	" My lord would never condone the collateral loss of life that would require .
tr	NNS	The vast emptiness of the place covered Melissa 's tongue with a dry , lonely taste like powdered chalk and sand .
tr	NN	" This Garden of Peace is the place I was talking about .
tr	NN	" What a dreadful evening ! "
tr	NNS	Some masks had long beaks that pointed down at cowering citizens .
tr	NNS	But the pills have an unexpected side effect -- the survivors start remembering the terrible acts they perpetrated a decade ago .
tr	NNS	" For the assignment to recover the Protector , the Tanks had the advantage .
tr	NNS	Your conversation skills suck . "
tr	NNS	Things went on like this for a couple of weeks and , although I didn 't know it at the time , I was happy .
tr	NNS	Maks allowed the other four to go ahead .
tr	NNS	Its vocal cords had long since dried out , and it was in a rasping whisper that it spoke .
tr	NN	His silk tie is midnight blue which makes his eyes look bluer than I would have thought possible .
tr	NNS	The greatest minds - working singly , even for centuries - cannot progress rapidly if they refuse to communicate their findings .
tr	NNS	The bits of our souls pressed forward and meshed with hers .
tr	NN	A white aura covered them and their horses .
tr	NNS	His Russian language skills might be lacking , but some communication was universal .
tr	NN	Missions recruiting seemed to have taken a high tech turn since the year before .
tr	NN	You are something more than human , the Sphinx said .
tr	NN	But again , the serenity in Josh 's eyes stopped what was useless in this situation .
tr	NNS	Aimee picks up the spray paint cans and holds them close to her .
tr	NN	Link picked up one of Ridley 's sky-high heels and stared at it .
tr	NNS	The chances of bumping into an actual human were slim to none .
tr	NN	The sheriff turned his gaze back to Veronica .
tr	NNS	When lovers lock eyes their pupils dilate , and the whites nearly radiate a soft pink with an unmistakable glisten .
tr	NN	Fin 's accent always thickened when he was angry .
tr	NN	Maybe the pendulum would eventually come to rest between us .
tr	NN	Love is one of those gifts .
tr	NN	Every penny of the proceeds from tonight 's auction will go straight to the shelter , and the animals who so desperately need our help .
tr	NNS	To the left , there were suits of armor , elaborate paintings on the wall , and other closed doors .
tr	NNS	Screams that abruptly cut off , while the sounds of rock being ripped to shreds continued .
tr	NNS	Melissa blinked in surprise , the pupils of her dark eyes dilated slightly .
tr	NNS	My passions ( beside Sam ) , my dreams ?
tr	NN	" There is a faction among the flock , a dangerous splitting of the members which is detrimental to the survival of the church .
tr	NN	My best friend Fran stood before me , her hand on my shoulder as she shook me from my stupor .
tr	NN	All that mattered was that he was hungry for her , and he 'd had enough waiting .
tr	NNS	What do your instincts say about their reaction ? "
tr	NNS	Other objects near you will remain frozen , unmovable , and unchangeable . "
tr	NNS	Their tongues met , thrust together , and for a moment , he lost himself in her sweetness .
tr	NN	At the same moment , the Sea of Boston exited from hyperspace not far from the flagship .
tr	NNS	Things started falling apart as soon as you started working on them . "
tr	NNS	" In the past , our grandparents chose our mates . "
tr	NN	Part of the roof fell in with a deafening roar and an explosion of sparks and cinders .
tr	NNS	The colours faded out and the blade turned a dull brown .
tr	NN	Unfortunately , my jerk detector is clearly out of whack . "
tr	NNS	" All the murders happen on no particular day of the week . "
tr	NN	" Your incompetence during the last shipment cost me a half a million .
tr	NNS	Things that didn 't need to be spoken of in front of such an avid audience .
tr	NNS	These chips in theory have an infinite number of values between 0 and 1 .
tr	NNS	Looks like it . "
tr	NN	" The hunger , the bloodlust will hit you soon .
tr	NN	When he got back , the cabin television was showing some romantic comedy and Patricia was sound asleep .
tr	NN	the agent said again .
tr	NN	A full-sized tractor could easily drive under the station , which from the parked John Deere nearby probably occasionally happened .
tr	NN	A forlorn smile spread across her face .
tr	NNS	The charging cult members faltered , their triumph changing to chagrin as they gaped at the sudden flames that prevented their comrades from joining the fray .
tr	NN	The chef flicked his cigarette away . '
tr	NN	" But his compulsion to tattoo his victim may tell you something .
tr	NN	Her tease turned serious , her blue eyes sober as she looked up at me from the bed .
tr	NN	Where 's your mate ? "
tr	NN	" We want the Lord , we want the Lord , " the chanting began anew .
tr	NN	Again , glum nods all around .
tr	NN	The policeman made him nervous .
tr	NN	The second hunter looked down at her and gasped in horror .
tr	NN	" City folk don 't even know how far a league is .
tr	NN	The whole sequence of the investigation from the initial discovery of her husband 's body to the cremation was a comedy of errors .
tr	NN	At the same time , a cold thrill ran down my spine .
tr	NNS	Four fights broke out after we camped because everybody 's temper was so short .
tr	NNS	A few drops of the creamy white liquid dribbled around the sides of the carton and down her chin and long neck .
tr	NN	A low chorus of ayes rippled around the room .
tr	NN	" I just wanted to see the pretty thing , " the dragon announced to the room .
tr	NN	" Certainly , master , " the butler said .
tr	NNS	Things heated up come the fifth circle .
tr	NN	His prey was there , stuck to the spot , the effect of his evil essence rooting him to the ground like a tree .
tr	NN	A daily beating was a dead cert and I definitely preferred them from her .
tr	NNS	His scales prevented him from bleeding to death . "
tr	NN	Its texture was slightly different than the rest of her skin and felt a little deeper , like a chunk had been knocked out .
tr	NNS	Their abilities had made them arrogant , selfish , and lazy .
tr	NN	Then the entire mass rose and began to applaud .
tr	NN	A layer of white covered all of it , so it must have been snowing harder and for longer than either of them had realized .
tr	NN	His secretary brought in a stack of phone messages .
tr	NN	Every purple pulse over the dark sea rained a million bitter smithereens of her brief , aborted happiness .
tr	NNS	Things began to sway and shift and blur .
tr	NNS	The sudden , urgent demands were shocking to him .
tr	NN	Where is the mental eye bleach when you need it ?
tr	NNS	' Others would punish your selfishness .
tr	NNS	The directions said to let the water boil first , but when it came to food , I was never that patient .
tr	NN	The policeman looked closely and set my hands down , thanking me .
tr	NNS	Myles had merely been hoping Jake would correct him .
tr	NNS	Simon pulled into a tiny space between two Red Cross planes , their giant bellies empty .
tr	NN	At the bottom , the stairwell opened into ... A vast chamber .
tr	NN	" Wow , your takeover is nearly complete .
tr	NNS	Animals are your only other option .
tr	NN	The thrust compressed the food while the shimmy rattled it .
tr	NN	Sexual hunger swirled in the pit of her stomach and spread a slow , burning heat through her body .
tr	NNS	Looks kind of like a sonogram in color .
tr	NN	Indeed , right now there were two footmen standing by the wall ready to wait on them .
tr	NNS	Alexis answers as she begins to walk away .
tr	NN	Then there 's a small diagram .
tr	NNS	His footsteps moved through the living room , then into the study .
tr	NN	The colonel opened the door into the " war room . "
tr	NNS	The authorities there have never taken very kindly to my helping him .
tr	NN	With a few typed commands , the drill reversed direction and soon burst out of the sand .
tr	NNS	Maybe these videos will help bridge that gap .
tr	NN	The little pencil icon appeared in the chatbox window , indicating that Fang was typing a response .
tr	NN	" Noelle , what - " Before I could finish , thick steam spilled into the airtight chamber , engulfing me until I couldn 't see .
tr	NNS	Things that horrified her .
tr	NN	" The communication equipment has to have a chance to dry out completely .
tr	NNS	Flames blasted out every window and door ; smoke blackened the sky .
tr	NNS	There were sharp-edged chips around the rim where small pieces had been lost , chips that could cut a man badly .
tr	NN	" Love note to your werewolf ? "
tr	NNS	Ghostly , howling creatures in ragged red cloth circled the manor like a tornado .
tr	NNS	" And what do the whispers say ? "
tr	NN	The flower market was a place of clear and present danger .
tr	NNS	His kisses tickled her neck .
tr	NN	The dragon dived straight into the coal mine !
tr	NNS	Seconds later , the images on the touch screen to his left vanished and were replaced by a white screen covered with bold black text .
tr	NN	Some instinct makes me crouch behind Lucien , hugging him , trying to locate the entry wound and stem the bleeding .
tr	NN	The mayor is Alton .
tr	NN	They ' l tel me .
tr	NN	Evy 's sultry gaze jerked back to him and his heart skipped a beat .
tr	NNS	A million new roads stretched before me that I 'd never seen before .
tr	NNS	There were no visible doorways or windows , and the only objects in the room were the chairs we 'd been sitting in .
tr	NN	The day the new kitten reappeared with a broken neck was the day I realized how badly tarnished her own soul had become .
tr	NNS	His cheekbones glowed faintly pink , and there was a bashful look in his eyes .
tr	NN	My trailer was thirty minutes north of town .
tr	NN	The dragon had not had enough time to ignite the structures fully with her searing breath , and so none of the fires were very serious .
tr	NNS	Now those mysteries were coming out of the mist once more , and the magic was still strong .
tr	NN	The only time Coyote had claimed him as a brother was to manipulate him .
tr	NNS	Three technicians had entered with the handling device and behind them a uniformed nurse waited with visible impatience .
tr	NNS	Above the floor , spotlights flash into the crowd following the beat of the music .
tr	NNS	Shape shifters are humans that are able to turn into wolfs .
tr	NN	Mike 's schedule permitted little time for anything other then work except that is for the time needed to work on his marriage .
tr	NNS	Two uniformed elves stood guard .
tr	NNS	The two cousins parried back and forth with the poles , working up a sweat and enjoying their activity , shouting back and forth .
tr	NNS	The old stores were burning down and being replaced by empty parking lots .
tr	NN	Her halo is askew .
tr	NN	" Objection , " Pratt stated , " this witness is not in a position to determine company protocol . "
tr	NN	" That accent is so sexy . "
tr	NN	The venom and agony from her mind drained out of Jonathan , leaving a taste like rotten meat on his tongue .
tr	NN	The doll swayed gently from the noose around its neck , eyes wide and sightless .
tr	NNS	The prints were easily as big as his fist with five claw marks at the outside of the track .
tr	NN	Patel 's condition was merely a cover to explain this inland journey .
tr	NN	There was some applause near us and then everyone relaxed again , seeing that he was okay .
tr	NNS	Around me , Square One shoppers bustled .
tr	NN	' Well , his balance was higher than you 'd think , but then he hardly spends anything apart from on his books and his housekeeping . '
tr	NN	Part of my job was to try to prevent this from happening .
tr	NNS	Alexis asks as she places her hand back over Emma 's forehead .
tr	NN	At the third floor , our nerve ran out .
tr	NN	His guilt hung heavy , and not simply because of the accident .
tr	NNS	No hesitant kisses of a gentleman wanting to court a lady -- Fellows kissed her in hunger , in need .
tr	NN	That charm could tear in a split second , and then there would be flame and sharp teeth .
tr	NNS	Around the group , letters started to land on the floor like fish dropped by a passing tornado .
tr	NNS	" There are degrees of justice , Elijah .
tr	NNS	Her scales sparkled continuously in Sula 's warm glow .
tr	NNS	His actions spoke volumes and she wanted to enjoy the time she had left .
tr	NNS	The coins were hurting her .
tr	NN	The teacher called on him to answer the question but it sounded like she was talking in another language .
tr	NNS	The possibilities were many ; none of them were good .
tr	NNS	I silently screamed , my thumbs squeezed so tightly within my fists that I thought I might break them .
tr	NN	" The van is a GMC Savannah like Blake thought .
tr	NN	As you know , the cottage is very old and has been in our family for hundreds of years .
tr	NNS	Thin strands , visible only as fine glints of light , protruded here and there .
tr	NNS	Nerves suddenly fluttered in her stomach , and she drew in a shaky breath .
tr	NN	Your Mummy didn 't say . "
tr	NN	The maid waited impatiently on the other side of the door .
tr	NN	The town folk are not accepting of our ways .
tr	NNS	Classes are in the daytime .
tr	NNS	There were no signs of any activity since the place closed .
tr	NN	That cowardly bastard just stood there and let you be insulted by his father ?
tr	NN	The toss of his head , both arms being full of driftwood , took in the fjord and the heath beyond .
tr	NN	A butterfly landed on her shoulder as she smiled and continued her way down the pathway as it led down a hill .
tr	NNS	The creatures surrounded every passage into the castle , making it impossible to run in .
tr	NNS	Already , the wolves that still survive in the water are paddling toward him .
tr	NN	The melody of Canon in D coming from his briefcase gave him a start .
tr	NN	A loud snort answered that question .
tr	NNS	And good fathers protect their children . "
tr	NNS	Images of Kurt , dead on her couch , flashed through her mind , making her press harder and harder on the accelerator .
tr	NN	But then his tail wrapped around her waist and lifted her up .
tr	NNS	The emptiness will make the Librarians think that they haven 't been spotted , and they 'll rush out to cause mayhem .
tr	NNS	His ministrations stung like a bitch , but I bore them with stoicism .
tr	NN	The small glass jar clattered in the sink , but it didn 't break .
tr	NN	Jake 's pulse beat steady and strong beneath her fingers .
tr	NN	Despite its crash landing , the rig was in decent shape .
tr	NNS	Once I was fully inside her , my movements became faster .
tr	NNS	The twins were not generally the talkative sorts to start with , so hadn 't bombarded him with arguments for why he was being an ass .
tr	NNS	Other gnomes stood on long ladders , grabbing the slugs that clung to the bottom of the leaves and nuts .
tr	NNS	There were racks and racks of seeds in this part of the cave .
tr	NNS	Ahead of them , mountain peaks shot up from the terrain like royal personages , craggy and majestic .
tr	NN	Daphne 's bark was always worse than her bite - unless you were a Reaper .
tr	NN	Her belly bulged ; she had already become pregnant again .
tr	NN	He couldn , t talk .
tr	NN	The deputy parked and got out , then retrieved something from the backseat .
tr	NNS	The warrants were ready within an hour , but the arrest took three hours to set up .
tr	NNS	Things would be different for him .
tr	NN	A faint sheen of moisture dampened her upper lip , for the heat of day still lingered .
tr	NNS	The metal shackles dug deeper into his wrists and ankles , but he reared up and kicked .
tr	NNS	Elaina 's attempts to explain went largely ignored at first , but then she delivered a scathing lecture on doing his duty .
tr	NNS	Guns don 't always make you safe , boy . "
tr	NNS	Their surroundings began to take shape as her head cleared .
tr	NNS	Below the tunic he wore under his mail shirt , his bare wrists held red marks in the exact shape of the cuffs .
tr	NNS	" Also actors , I hear , " she said .
tr	NN	The occasional cackle reverberating around the Underground Tower reminded them of where they were , but they were too tired to care .
tr	NNS	Shouts followed him , and fists shook in his wake .
tr	NN	Otherwise the Sphinx ate him . "
tr	NNS	Two nurses came running , soles squeaking on the polished linoleum .
tr	NNS	Rare clear gaps , penetrated by moonlight that lights up the leaden expanse with silvery flashes .
tr	NNS	Rufus was examining his fingernails .
tr	NN	" Food and water , I can provide .
tr	NNS	Myles figured he 'd check with Allen at least , and take a peek in his outbuildings .
tr	NN	The roar inside him gradually grew louder -- loud enough to cloister the sounds outside .
tr	NNS	More nightmare creatures , with mouths looped around with seaweed , like some horrible stitching , and long fingers , rotting .
tr	NN	The tap turned on .
tr	NN	Luckily there wasn 't much smoke damage .
tr	NNS	The man 's nostrils flared as he sucked deep breaths through his nose .
tr	NNS	Adam 's letters to me are always funny , upbeat , full of the thrill of war .
tr	NN	There was actually a certain etiquette to offering a bribe , but he had neither the time nor the patience to see it through .
tr	NNS	A few apples fall to the ground when I shift my weight .
tr	NN	At which point the sheriff burst in .
tr	NN	The weathered totem pole stands proud among the trees at the dead end of the road , its paint faded .
tr	NN	As we warm up , the adrenaline loosens up my petrified neck .
tr	NNS	Romulus made no move to stop the animal from approaching Viktor .
tr	NN	There was a heavy thud as though something had been dropped and then the conversation stopped for a while .
tr	NN	A sob tore from the back of her throat .
tr	NN	Love shook his head .
tr	NN	All that mattered was the music .
tr	NN	" Lust is the best of all the deadly sins . "
tr	NN	The Jeep tore out of the parking lot .
tr	NN	She turned her head , her bleary gaze wandering and finding every flat surface in her room covered in a riotous display of hothouse roses .
tr	NN	The medical wing was a series of interconnected hallways to accommodate the wide breadth of species needing medical assistance .
tr	NNS	" All actors lie . "
tr	NN	The aerial predator flew through a patch of those globular balloons , tangling and snagging them with its wings .
tr	NN	As God is my witness , no . "
tr	NNS	There were murmurs of shock and he continued .
tr	NN	His leap carried him forward .
tr	NNS	Our priorities have to change .
tr	NN	Day and night , until they passed , her grandmother had kept vigil to protect the dying from the raven mockers .
tr	NNS	The members couldn 't contain their comments and began to buzz about the painting .
tr	NNS	But as he aged , those Indian traits shone more strongly .
tr	NN	" What 's your price range ? "
tr	NN	" Why are all her pajamas lingerie ? "
tr	NN	Every bulging inch of me demanded it .
tr	NNS	And no letters were going to make up for it , either .
tr	NNS	There were no boats , life vests , not even water wings .
tr	NNS	The torches that lined the walls dimmed , and the air grew cold .
tr	NN	and a ton of hard stares come down on me .
tr	NN	In the darkness was a faint outline of what looked like a rounded head with long hair that was small in size .
tr	NNS	Bugs then dealt out the roles along with a caveat .
tr	NNS	The large tiles were an odd shade of beige and yellow .
tr	NN	The castle has been lonely and filled with hollowness over the last few days .
tr	NN	" There 's the ' button hook , ' which is just bursting into the room .
tr	NN	" And this castle belongs to the king 's son ! "
tr	NN	Maybe a plant or something had irritated her skin .
tr	NNS	Aris watched her strides pick up momentum until she was streaking toward them .
tr	NNS	The other ladies in waiting whispered about her disobedience and about her bedraggled appearance .
tr	NNS	These networks could learn .
tr	NNS	" Powerful leaders aren 't the only ones with prices on their heads .
tr	NNS	But these promises Paul had put such faith in were like miniature toy soldiers , ineffective and worthless .
tr	NNS	All his plays are beautiful .
tr	NNS	Icy tentacles of fear curled through Rachel 's veins .
tr	NN	Your friend Storm used to feed them .
tr	NN	Her laptop was open next to her on the couch and she was alone in the living room , listening to the sound of Noah 's voice .
tr	NNS	Behind them , the rats were counting the money again , stacking it in piles beside its leather bag .
tr	NNS	Sometimes clients weren 't entirely truthful when presenting an offer - fancy that .
tr	NNS	" There are no responsibilities .
tr	NN	The pilot said , while struggling to keep the Blackhawk steady in the gusting winds .
tr	NNS	Somehow , though , the lies seemed inconsequential now .
tr	NN	This film festival was the creme de la creme and Mandi was going to fully take advantage of the experience .
tr	NN	The car chase was over and he had survived .
tr	NNS	His movements were subtly uneasy .
tr	NNS	The pink letters had been a dream , a nightmare , a fantasy .
tr	NNS	There were many instances of boys at the top playing the game of pulling up the ropes and extorting promises , threatening to leave those inside trapped .
tr	NNS	The guardians could handle that .
tr	NNS	Marius paused with his leg swung back .
tr	NN	The weave collapsed around his arm .
tr	NN	Apparently the soil , a rich sandy loam over a volcanic base , was the reason for that .
tr	NNS	The expressions on both men 's faces were almost comical .
tr	NN	Simple rules to follow and we would be fine .
tr	NN	Every inch of her was ticklish .
tr	NN	And a long cotton dress .
tr	NNS	Their drinks arrived and they ordered .
tr	NNS	" Little black dresses have always been my weakness . "
tr	NNS	The prints smoked with sick , unstable energy .
tr	NN	Although she didn 't want to go to the office , the Oakland headquarters required her presence .
tr	NNS	Cadmus crept stealthily around the rocks , keeping an eye out for the dragon .
tr	NNS	There were spots of color on Josh 's cheeks , and he looked angry .
tr	NNS	Starbucks is doubtful , but there 's no dissuading the boy .
tr	NNS	" There are no guarantees with me .
tr	NNS	These facts made James hard to deal with Alvin .
tr	NN	The commander sighed and quickly shook his head .
tr	NN	Yet today , there is minor progress .
tr	NNS	Wings displaced air overhead as birds stood on branches and beat them , squawking and chirping anxiously .
tr	NN	" Who 's Colt 's number one fan ? "
tr	NN	A haze turned around him , and his shape began to roll and twist him into a large cougar .
tr	NNS	Indian philosophers now write in either modern Indian languages or in English .
tr	NNS	My body shook and all I could see was bursts of light in a dark cave .
tr	NN	" Where 's your backup ? "
tr	NN	A male teacher popped his class room door open and shouted out .
tr	NNS	Names , characters , businesses , places , events , and incidents are either the products of the author 's imagination or used in a fictitious manner .
tr	NNS	Two doorways flanked the sides of the room .
tr	NNS	To the side , family members started back in horror .
tr	NNS	Things were getting too serious for such a beautiful day on the river .
tr	NN	The slave held up a second spear and flung it at Tavi .
tr	NNS	These visits took all of five minutes and then they drove back to Colville .
tr	NN	And the baron was definitely one .
tr	NNS	" Well , trains can be very nice .
tr	NNS	So the elves found a way to keep your dad close .
tr	NN	The adrenaline that he 'd entered this room with had abandoned him .
tr	NNS	At the way her rolls of fat spilled over her jeans .
tr	NNS	By then , the authorities had decided to release him from the camp .
tr	NNS	The hallway went on and on , until she reached the door at the far end , the cells on either side numbered ninety-eight and ninety-nine .
tr	NN	The receptionist grabbed her arm and said they must remain outside for another few minutes .
tr	NNS	Things will get easier .
tr	NN	By the time we get home , the electricity is back on .
tr	NN	The unease that would not quiet gave her the answer : that was no friendly out there that she was picking up .
tr	NNS	Words couldn 't describe how shocked she 'd felt last summer when Emily told her she was pregnant .
tr	NN	A blush spread across her cheeks , and she gently squeezed his hand in return .
tr	NNS	" The servants ' entrance . "
tr	NNS	There are a few items that could have belonged to his father , but it 's hard to tell . "
tr	NNS	My truck door slams shut behind me and the tires squeal as I tear out of the parking lot .
tr	NN	" A joint operation employing men from both our nations . "
tr	NN	Their paint was fresh and their porches were decorated with more furniture than she 'd owned in her entire life .
tr	NNS	Kingdoms do the same stupid things .
tr	NN	The only other option was when you were already off and I didn 't want to have a conflicting schedule . "
tr	NN	Reality slowly seeped in as they both searched for control .
tr	NN	" We attached the bucket so we could go down inside , " the sheriff told them .
tr	NNS	Using their magic , the elves sent flames from the remaining torches across the ghostly arms of mist , severing the connections .
tr	NNS	Others said that it represented the wheel of life , with souls being constantly reborn .
tr	NN	The white picket fence . "
tr	NNS	The two warriors stayed close , shielding Thane as best they could .
tr	NNS	There were small drops of blood on them , and on the title page there was a name scrawled above the title .
tr	NN	The ring-shaped birthmark on her arm burned , reminding her of the mistake her Slayer mother had made .
tr	NN	The blue liquid dripped down her chin .
tr	NN	Part of me wants to do it right now .
tr	NNS	There were no footsteps , no further calls .
tr	NN	There 's a sharp pinch of betrayal , and I push him away , climbing out of the bed .
tr	NN	The police commander here has me pegged as a CI that gave him fits five years ago ; he 's trying to kill me .
tr	NN	At least the lack of them made it easier to sneak out .
tr	NN	A wealthy caller always made me hopeful concerning our profits .
tr	NNS	The new gold mines were cities left behind from a world that was .
tr	NN	The captain looked crafty .
tr	NNS	The two goons who had been propping the man up suddenly became his captors , dragging the man quickly out of earshot .
tr	NNS	Any ideas how that could have happened , Em ?
tr	NN	" And I think ' t is what bothers me the most .
tr	NNS	Display cases showed chunks of unrefined gold , with small plaques designating where and when they 'd been found .
tr	NNS	His servants stood at the edges of the room , watching uncertainly .
tr	NN	# The construction pit looked the same when I got there .
tr	NN	This little barbarian truly was evil .
tr	NN	As soon as she pushed down , enveloping his hardness , his nostrils flared and his eyes closed .
tr	NNS	" Things will work out .
tr	NNS	Those recruits probably can 't even march in a straight line yet , but they have got uniforms .
tr	NNS	The edges of my vision darkened .
tr	NNS	Even though Ben 's and Catrina 's states were due to different causes , their appearances were frighteningly similar , expressionless and unresponsive .
tr	NN	The legend claims it required a pure heart to unlock its secrets but nobody knows for sure .
tr	NNS	Things were starting to fall into place , and I didn 't like the picture it presented .
tr	NN	" The port is fantastically busy ; some shipments must be able to evade their monopoly . "
tr	NN	Jazz pulled up a bar stool and set about her business , which was to get so drunk she couldn 't remember where she 'd been .
tr	NNS	There were ten bars in all .
tr	NN	' If we go now , no-one will see us . '
tr	NNS	My dear colleagues , nothing has changed -- ' ' Everything has changed ! '
tr	NN	Marcus 's appetite for life amazed her .
tr	NNS	Some items need to be destroyed .
tr	NN	the commander said as if he was asking for permission , when he was not .
tr	NNS	Our footsteps echoed against a hardwood floor , and then I was seated .
tr	NN	Her stamina had even surpassed his own .
tr	NN	The photograph vanished , just as Dad 's picture had earlier , in the cafe .
tr	NN	" I think ' t is time I repay you for all your teasing . "
tr	NNS	His two companions had assumed Hugh would want her and one of them had ridden back to fetch her .
tr	NNS	Cole 's visits drained me , but right now he held all the cards because he had all the information , and I didn 't know anything .
tr	NN	The Rangers ' leader makes a decision for the team .
tr	NNS	The negotiations for peace had carefully spelled out the personnel to ensure that those of the Red could not seize control .
tr	NN	The distinction normally wouldn 't matter to me , but it 's different with Sam .
tr	NNS	There are still a few blank spots , but a lot of it 's back . "
tr	NN	The growling was about to start , and Luna was not ready for it .
tr	NNS	But the cosmos has provided a mechanism whereby the various elements are brewed in the cosmological soup of evolving and dying suns .
tr	NNS	My wrapped wrists were screaming in agony and I looked up , noting that one of the bandages was torn and my seared flesh was exposed .
tr	NNS	Screams were coming from all over ; panic had overtaken the minds .
tr	NN	And his ward had brought a woman into his house .
tr	NNS	Her grandparents wouldn 't think of it , and her apartment building didn 't allow them .
tr	NNS	Others did the same .
tr	NNS	Looks could be deceiving .
tr	NN	My combat boot was sticking out clearly in his sight line .
tr	NNS	Its contents didn 't appear to be relevant to his search .
tr	NN	Part of me wanted to go to her , though instinct sang against it .
tr	NN	His treatment of her had been the worst .
tr	NNS	Usually the gifts , the dinners , the trips , just said it all for me . "
tr	NN	Finally television caught him up utterly , so that the flat was full of blaring speakers and flickering screens .
tr	NN	The hermit blanched , scrabbling against the man 's iron grip .
tr	NN	" My grandmother , you mean ?
tr	NNS	The ' experiments ' were a failure . "
tr	NN	His blacksmith went to work on the weapons and armor while his groom started checking the horse 's shoes and brushing their fine coats .
tr	NN	The function of the rooms behind each door varied .
tr	NN	The priest turned , staring hard into the darkness .
tr	NN	Last night the laboratory had worked back late processing all the samples , as they all knew the clock was fast running down .
tr	NNS	At first , my movements are stiff and awkward , my sore muscles limiting my range of motion .
tr	NN	The contract was clear .
tr	NN	" I 've told you that we shouldn 't have overruled the safety standards , " the secretary of operations said .
tr	NN	The acid in my stomach burned the back of my throat .
tr	NNS	" The Summer and Winter courts don 't care about the exiles on this side of the Veil .
tr	NN	" A compulsion , " she murmured .
tr	NNS	Around it , the lit torches continued with soldiers standing on guard every five metres or so .
tr	NNS	" And sometimes where they sell jewels and other pleasant things .
tr	NNS	With age , gorillas turned gray in much the same way as people .
tr	NN	Love looked at Stuart , and said .
tr	NN	There was only one option now .
tr	NN	His maid was as old as Methuselah .
tr	NN	The footman helped Clarence back to the rock and began to refill the glasses .
tr	NN	Love is the soul 's union .
tr	NN	Our race needs every single one of us . "
tr	NNS	A dozen couples were dancing , and people without partners danced as well to the steady beat .
tr	NNS	The colors were caramel , gold .
tr	NN	The firestorm was just the shockwave .
tr	NNS	A humorless smile twisted his lips as he deliberately stumbled over a patch of grass , seeming to lose his balance .
tr	NN	' If we don 't act now , your captain may plan an act of treason against the Republic , or even against the Elector .
tr	NNS	The emptiness forced a howl from his Celestino 's chest that racked the timbers with its wretchedness .
tr	NNS	A sensuous smile with enough heat to melt her favorite pair of Jimmy Choo heels spread across his face .
tr	NN	" However , the majority of them stayed here .
tr	NN	By 2020 , the majority of the people who had lost friends and family members to Mars , had given up on threatening Darkside .
tr	NN	Jean-Luc 's whispering picked up speed .
tr	NN	" Bonjour , " said the pilot , a thin man in a French flight suit .
tr	NN	In fact , the tube was standing on the porch railing in front of me right now .
tr	NN	A tall older gentleman , with combed back brown hair sliced with gray and bright blue eyes was trying to catch my attention .
tr	NN	Howling , the hermit turned the sailboat sharply .
tr	NNS	His ancestors had come over with the Conqueror and made this their home .
tr	NNS	Werewolves don 't take individual prisoners .
tr	NN	A thrill of panic throbbed through Valerian , driving the last vestige of mercy from his fierce soul .
tr	NNS	Flames crawled over its surface .
tr	NN	A thrill shot through me with just that touch .
tr	NN	Cowboy 's first pitch was a fastball away , and Hank didn 't swing .
tr	NN	Chinese medicine has always seen the whole body as one organism that must be treated and not just the localised symptoms .
tr	NN	The van had two doors at the back of it which were opened and as I walked around , I could see the van 's contents .
tr	NN	The snake was quick and deadly , but not as smart as Stoltz thought he was .
tr	NNS	Just those two simple actions shifted the moment .
tr	NN	" No other healer would 've been able to help you . "
tr	NN	Season One takes you on a non-stop ride from the day the survivors awoke all the way to the shocking season finale .
tr	NNS	The cobwebs stretched and dangled around Angelina 's head as she walked in .
tr	NNS	" The healers say that you are healing well , but it 's going to take time .
tr	NNS	Things will always turn out okay because they always have .
tr	NNS	The faster zombies ran and screamed while the slower ones walked at a hurried pace , howling .
tr	NN	Despite having just worked a whole shift , and apparently getting ready to work another one , his aura was robin 's egg blue .
tr	NN	The new anomaly is a wristwatch in Times Square , 1993 .
tr	NN	Part of it condensed , becoming an arm and a hand that pulled open the gate before changing back to smoke that moved away .
tr	NN	The construction crew supervisor said it was extremely durable and could withstand the extreme temperatures of the mountains and was guaranteed to last for years .
tr	NNS	Upstairs and inside was a tiny , half-finished main room and a porch off the back with a full view of the full moon .
tr	NN	The Massachusetts fellow came out of the store with a six-pack in one hand and some lottery tickets in the other .
tr	NNS	As if sensing her question , the king said , " These tests will not be easy , nor will your training .
tr	NN	If the eyes still resisted , the cooing would start again .
tr	NN	There was a click , followed by nothing at all .
tr	NNS	There were fountains and streams , cedar benches and immaculate white gazebos .
tr	NN	The pup is alive . "
tr	NNS	There aren 't any oil leaks . "
tr	NNS	Whose gentle kisses bring me down .
tr	NNS	Those eggs , at least , would never hatch .
tr	NN	All that lace and silk had driven him crazy .
tr	NN	A single pane of glass covered its entirety , seemingly half a mile wide .
tr	NNS	Lights were dancing behind her eyelids and flames licked at her skin like tiny tongues .
tr	NNS	My classmates didn 't know how close we 'd come to finishing my father 's final mission .
tr	NN	An architectural plaque , showing the school 's layout , hung plastered into the brick .
tr	NN	The forest will tend to the bodies , " Song said softly .
tr	NNS	" Your Highness , " she said , her voice urgent , " we 've lost control of the local skies .
tr	NNS	" Their minds should have been strong enough .
tr	NN	There was a long hesitation , in which they held themselves suspended , afraid to move or even breathe .
tr	NNS	Ryan 's sensitive nostrils caught the scent of her rising passion , and he stared at the sensuality parting her full lips and dilating her pupils .
tr	NN	The bullet grazed your shoulder , but you lost blood from your other wounds . "
tr	NN	The boom itself was way over his head .
tr	NNS	the cousins cried simultaneously .
tr	NNS	A few cameras and sensors popped up on the map her implant laid out for her , but none were close enough to worry about .
tr	NNS	The hills and valleys would give each car an ideal angle to the screen .
tr	NNS	Folks must have come from all over .
tr	NN	" He 's inside , sir , " a sallow faced soldier answered back .
tr	NNS	" These pancakes are really good , Pagan .
tr	NNS	Things were not fitting together they way they should have .
tr	NNS	The ghosts are here .
tr	NN	" I was passing by and saw this green Corsa parked by the side of the road , " explained the policeman .
tr	NNS	Whatever chain of events I 'd triggered , my actions from here on out would only delay the end .
tr	NN	Her uncle was executing his mission , taking a prison correspondence degree in New Testament theology and spiritual counseling .
tr	NN	Without waiting for a reply , Arun the helper turned and left with his little burden down the Mera path .
tr	NNS	Hephaestus shook his head and moved away .
tr	NN	When he touched a chink in the mortar there was a distant dull thud that sounded like ancient machinery moving inside the wall .
tr	NN	The writing was so tiny that part was pretty difficult to see , but I was fairly certain I was right .
tr	NN	er , did not work .
tr	NN	This binding ritual was the equivalent of a human marriage , but more .
tr	NN	The first practical concept is that of a solar furnace .
tr	NN	The real reasoning for her words earlier flowered in her mind .
tr	NN	Part of him thought she never would be .
tr	NN	The cafeteria we had our snacks at was ' Sam 's Lobelia . '
tr	NN	" There 's a rope , in that cleat just to your left , on the cabin roof .
tr	NNS	His thrusts increased , one after the other , beautiful friction .
tr	NN	The prayer ambassador had given in to her penchant for technical things .
tr	NN	The simplicity he 'd felt before , while fighting , was already crumbling .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids lowered , and she bit down hard on her lip .
tr	NNS	Two doorways were accessible from the roof .
tr	NNS	Interestingly , the disappearances stopped once they sold the club . "
tr	NN	The implication of abuse was there and Lily fought down the urge to blurt out the entire story to him .
tr	NN	As it rose , so did the weighty drowsiness .
tr	NNS	Images of those quilts flitted into his mind , unbidden .
tr	NNS	During his first , exploratory tours of the lodge he had quickly turned up a pair of young rabbits , their torsos floppy and flexible like rubber .
tr	NN	The oracle saw a way that we could win .
tr	NNS	Looks like a small truck . "
tr	NNS	Monday classes start , so we 'll have a boring week .
tr	NNS	The nurses didn 't see a thing .
tr	NNS	But is the wickedness in my mind or yours ?
tr	NN	17 Iowa SHE got into her car and drove out of Chicago .
tr	NNS	The blood drops moved from Hector and Jack in the direction of the wall where Eric was standing .
tr	NN	The only explanation good enough was that he truly wanted to be here .
tr	NNS	" How did these murders take place , love ?
tr	NN	The showdown he would have with Chad 's mother , Jack 's Aunt Mabry , later today was what had him tense and uneasy .
tr	NN	Link crumpled the paper and tossed it into the green metal trash can .
tr	NNS	Even to him , his kisses felt intense , like water breaking through a dam .
tr	NN	How much is computerized ?
tr	NN	" That young werewolf , Ralf Scott , " Magnus said , abandoning pretense .
tr	NN	" There is another option . "
tr	NN	His schedule had changed .
tr	NNS	" No , most of them are stable , " al ' Thor said , taking no apparent offense .
tr	NNS	There are signs that would warn us .
tr	NNS	" Only the fiercest warriors and their women will live up above the rest in these castles , men like myself ... and you , of course .
tr	NNS	The moving images flickered on rewind through his memory .
tr	NN	There was a lamp on his desk with a green ceramic shade , which cast a small swath of light over the desk and the floor .
tr	NNS	As I said earlier , the roads are completely impassable . "
tr	NN	Morning started early for the group .
tr	NNS	But were the credits and financial aid really the most important things here ?
tr	NNS	And how many changes happened because of his actions ?
tr	NNS	Waxing floors is for the purpose of protecting them from stain and other damages .
tr	NNS	Things were going to be different with her .
tr	NNS	Things that seem very real .
tr	NNS	Soldiers screamed , glass shattered , rifles blasted , flames writhed , and smoke choked .
tr	NN	Dark slate covered the floor .
tr	NNS	Their brilliant minds needed more time to develop , but once their minds blossomed ; then nothing could stop their brilliance and creativity .
tr	NN	" Ok , let me get the dessert , " my grandma walked to the garage .
tr	NNS	The huts , the neater cottages , and stately houses engaged my admiration by turns .
tr	NN	My subconscious was begging for a hint of normalcy .
tr	NNS	Smaller creatures scattered before this newcomer , who thumped up to the fire , where several horses were roasting .
tr	NNS	Small objects began to fly at him from around the room .
tr	NN	All manner of petty work had piled up .
tr	NN	The video flickered out and the disc ejected itself .
tr	NN	The Perfect Storm was last to arrive back .
tr	NNS	" Drugs might be better . "
tr	NN	A girl 's got ta have some secrets . "
tr	NNS	By the time I reached the end of the passage , other cats had emerged from the shadows .
tr	NN	He craved more , wanted to spend hours in her company , learn all her secrets , and go over every inch of her delectable body .
tr	NNS	All the old fears - they 're back , aren 't they ? "
tr	NN	That soil comes from the local fields around the site .
tr	NNS	Flowers surround the marble staircase that leads up to his rotten home .
tr	NN	" A rival from his past is here to collect on an old beef .
tr	NNS	Things would work out .
tr	NN	His temp had to be in the triple digits .
tr	NN	The bundle in the trunk shifts whenever the car turns .
tr	NNS	Her high cheekbones and brown eyes strengthen my conviction that both she and Ninja are angels .
tr	NN	A broken sob tore from her throat .
tr	NN	The snake passes under my lifted boot heel .
tr	NN	But that warrior lived in the past .
tr	NNS	But his companions did not intervene .
tr	NNS	Flames were leaping , hunger rising , and the beast inside was fighting for freedom .
tr	NN	The birth of my sister and I destroyed her womb . "
tr	NN	Her struggles were their own , and by the same token , her successes were a reason to celebrate .
tr	NN	The bot tells me , " I will unlock the lift to transport you to the tenth floor . "
tr	NN	Painless , leaves no lasting scar , no mark identifying them as a man of honor .
tr	NN	There was no description for the look on Delia 's face .
tr	NNS	But , some members had taken it too far and had crossed the line to become the greedy criminals that they were proven to be .
tr	NN	" No appreciation necessary .
tr	NNS	Three shots ring out in the early morning silence , and Benjamin Messick is killed instantly .
tr	NNS	The images he remembered came into view in the daylight .
tr	NNS	Not the most subtle operator Arman had ever dealt with , but effective .
tr	NNS	" The headlines will double if I take a famous star with me , now won 't they , Colonel ? "
tr	NNS	The walls were paneled in wood , the floors carpeted in thick , deep green .
tr	NN	" My uncle Rex .
tr	NNS	Outside the huts , goblins and gypsies gambled drunkenly with dice and cards , which brought cheers and shouts .
tr	NN	The Hero 's Guild most likely believes nobody would be so bold as to carry out such a plan so close by . "
tr	NNS	Three roads led away from the area .
tr	NNS	No one likes a know-it-all and in this new school being cool is all that matters .
tr	NN	" Your sacrifice is admirable .
tr	NNS	The hostages ran from the room as I quickly entered unnoticed and stood over the body of the male hostage .
tr	NN	The squid was doing barrel rolls , to twine about itself our tribesman 's fishing line .
tr	NN	Chance tensed , letting out a sound that half excited , half alarmed me .
tr	NNS	No strings attached , like you said .
tr	NN	" Peregrine 's tribe is roughly the same number as Sable 's .
tr	NN	A comedic observation found a home in its third novel .
tr	NN	A lonely owl hooted .
tr	NN	" Sir , the helicopter pilot hit him , " pointing at the now dead friend .
tr	NN	After another tug up the tunnel , a deep cough erupted from my lungs .
tr	NN	The dean was walking toward us with two campus security officers .
tr	NN	The big white feather was struggling against the wind to stay in place on her hat .
tr	NNS	The butterflies in my stomach catch fire and turn to ash , filling me with despair .
tr	NN	Chance turned his head and glared at his partner .
tr	NN	The bullet hit the water to TJ 's left .
tr	NN	Then comes a sudden jab of red-hot memory and all this ' commonsense ' vanishes like an ant in the mouth of a furnace .
tr	NNS	Others caught on to this , and they began chanting , " Dynamite !
tr	NNS	Images of Ash kissing him sucked the air out of my lungs .
tr	NNS	Balloon sculptures cascaded from the ceilings and twinkling lights were everywhere in the room which was otherwise dimly lit .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of losing your job can keep you up at night . "
tr	NNS	The detectives , if that 's what one could call them , hadn 't gotten much from Jeff .
tr	NNS	There are even ancient tunnels dug into the side allowing for surface protection .
tr	NNS	Her predictions brought me here from the Beyond .
tr	NNS	My eyelids are heavy as I battle against sleep , but my side is stiffening , pain radiating from the bruise .
tr	NN	" The Undead are animals , but they can 't think -- or they couldn 't . "
tr	NN	" What is our goal ? "
tr	NNS	Waves sprang to life inside her , building as he continued the torment , teasing her with one finger , filling her until she moaned aloud .
tr	NN	This crash seemed even louder than the first .
tr	NNS	But the surroundings immediately restored me .
tr	NN	The heavy steel panel crushed inward with the impact , groaning on its industrial-grade hinges .
tr	NNS	Others develop strangely compulsive , repetitive movements in order to cope with the abnormal environment : certainly many intelligent creatures suffer from this propensity .
tr	NN	Sweet Dove froze , her eyes wide .
tr	NNS	According to eyewitnesses on the scene , fans were already starting to line up at Harry O 's .
tr	NN	The consolation was that she probably wouldn 't see anyone her age at the pool this early in the morning .
tr	NNS	Two containers of what looked like melted butter ( but might not be ) flanked them .
tr	NN	' There is one last thing , ' Love said .
tr	NN	Finally , the thick Persian carpet was clear , except for Samuels who was still thrashing and screaming near one edge .
tr	NNS	" There are more letters ... here , see ? "
tr	NN	The chemist hadn 't been doing much online other than some basic Foundation Chemical company work and a few visits to the Vietnam veteran forums .
tr	NN	The intruder looked up sharply , tensed .
tr	NN	There was so much damage to the ancient wards they just simply couldn 't cover an area the size they once had .
tr	NN	A four-star review is huge news for us . "
tr	NN	" Morning sunshine , " said a vaguely familiar voice .
tr	NN	Anger and determination burned in her gaze , and her face looked as hard as marble in the moonlight .
tr	NN	The policeman fidgeted with his hat in his hands .
tr	NNS	Bugs swarmed around him .
tr	NN	The young punk reached for his nose and for something under his shirt .
tr	NN	Chance grabbed for the old man as he fell , and I ran , screaming , for the stairs .
tr	NNS	Flames lit up the blue in her eyes .
tr	NN	A deep blush stained her cheeks , spreading down to her throat .
tr	NNS	The Bagan landscapes in themselves are definitely worth the trip .
tr	NNS	The mech wolves were recovering their senses .
tr	NN	The scowl on his face told me he 'd at least correctly interpreted the context of my statement , if not the reasons behind it .
tr	NN	" She really is a beauty , " the pilot said , laughing .
tr	NN	Modern medicine saved people in ways that it didn 't fully appreciate .
tr	NNS	Moses had one ﬁnal piece of news to share with Amy that evening .
tr	NN	The marble he carried this day would not grace the front of his cabin but would go straight to the workshop to be chiseled and carved .
tr	NNS	Most Cadogan House vamps did when we weren 't on duty , and even Ethan had made the transition .
tr	NNS	And the only calculations I do these days are to try and remember how many days have gone by since the customers last paid for their drinks .
tr	NN	Part of him wanted to say , ' Hah , you call this a temporal disturbance ?
tr	NN	Part of him wanted to rush the men now and try to kill them all unawares , but he decided to take the more cautious approach .
tr	NNS	Little flakes of snow started to fall as I crept around to the front .
tr	NN	But when he looked up at Tavi , there was defiant determination in his face as well as agony and fear .
tr	NN	The modern era of mans innovation and the internet never ceases to amaze me .
tr	NNS	But the bloodlines are so watered down now that there are unlikely to be any mortals out there with significant ties to deity .
tr	NN	The Sleeping Buddha at dawn the day after tomorrow . "
tr	NNS	Looks like his were what cause innocent debutantes to abandon their chaperones .
tr	NNS	The masks had protective goggles over the eye holes .
tr	NN	My justice will not be as swift or as merciful as that of the court . "
tr	NNS	Things would have been so different if she had .
tr	NN	Poison or a crossbow would be safest .
tr	NNS	Her amazing oral skills weren 't even the thing I couldn 't get over .
tr	NNS	The strong and weak spots took a little longer .
tr	NNS	There are millions of us .
tr	NNS	More passageways and corridors wound off in every direction , bleached skeletons staring at us from the stone : lizards , birds , giant insects .
tr	NN	And the proof that I 'm right is the fact that both of you are sitting there across from me , as alive as I am .
tr	NNS	Ethan Things are getting weird between us , just like I guessed they would .
tr	NN	Though her expression was still kind and her touch was calming , the weird chanting gave me goosebumps .
tr	NNS	Things not even you knew you were capable of thinking . '
tr	NN	The priest raised an eyebrow .
tr	NNS	The Made wolves have to be stopped or it could turn into the worst supernatural breach the world has ever seen .
tr	NNS	You ladies didn 't separate the colors like I asked ! "
tr	NN	Even the pain medication the doctor prescribed doesn 't help .
tr	NNS	Her instincts told her to run , but her curiosity urged her to stay .
tr	NNS	Some designs spoke of different gang affiliations , while some showed knowledge of his identity , and contempt at that knowledge .
tr	NNS	Her pupils shot around like birds taking flight as they tried to absorb all that she was saying .
tr	NN	Finally , the principal called me into his office .
tr	NNS	The aromas of expensive meats and French sauces filled the room .
tr	NN	The teacher had already begun class and was taking attendance ; my name was last , as usual .
tr	NN	" Maybe he 's lost , " said the other cameraman , gasping , barely getting the words out .
tr	NN	Love determined he knew all about that ball game .
tr	NNS	Others were terrified and ran away .
tr	NNS	Romulus asked as they swung onto the steeds .
tr	NNS	Ambrose visits Wexford , but is unable to free Gretchen .
tr	NNS	A few taps on the tree from inside , and Cory found himself shoved in through the small gap .
tr	NNS	Up ahead , floor-to-ceiling bars blocked the way .
tr	NN	After the dance with trig guy , a miracle happened .
tr	NNS	As these hardened men viewed the carnage , their expressions ran the gamut from outrage , to grim stoicism , to nausea .
tr	NNS	In the dust were countless tales of games of hide and seek , of cowboys and Indians , of Confederates and Yankees .
tr	NNS	The council members averted their eyes from Dimitri as he walked Skyler straight over to the prince .
tr	NNS	" But the batteries are dead . "
tr	NNS	Thick cords of blue veins , visible beneath bushy grey fur , snaked their way through his flexed muscles .
tr	NNS	" I buy one , two drinks max .
tr	NNS	When officials from the Pentagon came to town , these suites were where they slept .
tr	NNS	Behind her , the locks snapped back into place , one by one .
tr	NN	A flutter started in my stomach as I raised my head to look down at him .
tr	NNS	The soft metal boards slump under her feet .
tr	NN	Perhaps goat was a regional specialty .
tr	NN	She jumps up and down , her sanity fading .
tr	NNS	Questions would be inevitable .
tr	NN	Actual y it 's already the Last Midnight day - it 's nearly one thirty in the morning , " Meredith said .
tr	NNS	" The dinosaurs and cavemen were really the coolest though .
tr	NN	Jason 's absence was unexplained , but they didn 't really keep tabs on each other the way she and Tosh did .
tr	NNS	" Things are still the same .
tr	NN	The pew creaks loudly , echoing through the lofty space , as I stand and walk toward the aisle .
tr	NN	The mayor is going to be one of the judges .
tr	NN	Callum 's protective instinct for his queen was stronger .
tr	NNS	Various football posters hung on the white walls .
tr	NNS	Other insults fly fast and thick .
tr	NNS	The alligators anticipated the show is about to get better .
tr	NNS	Things were looking up .
tr	NNS	But chest shots didn 't make sense .
tr	NN	This realisation made her even more desirable .
tr	NN	Their intent to kill was so great it felt like my body was being stabbed frequently from different directions .
tr	NNS	His efforts became more frantic as the man in front of him reached out with a jagged knife .
tr	NN	Another bout of jeers and catcalls broke out .
tr	NNS	Hands fisted at his side , he demanded , " Who the hell are you , anyway ? "
tr	NNS	Others had laid out the supplies that would be needed , including hammer and nails .
tr	NN	The heat transfer escalated and the screaming resumed .
tr	NNS	Graham 's footsteps echoed on the landing below .
tr	NNS	Such traits in a man are rare I should think .
tr	NN	The roar of another engine makes me turn around , and I see a beige Army truck gaining on us .
tr	NNS	Even Kylie 's healing abilities had failed .
tr	NN	The knight led his band through one of the six gates , parading proudly across the gore filled arena toward Percival .
tr	NN	" You 're fine Inspector , " said the medic , " You must live a charmed life .
tr	NN	As she sat there pondering , the captain came out and sat next to her on the garden bench , startling her .
tr	NNS	The sirens have stopped , don 't know if that 's a good thing or not to be honest .
tr	NNS	The two suns shined brightly , no clouds to mar the beauty of the day .
tr	NNS	Your grandparents know , but I would rather keep it from the others .
tr	NNS	The Police " Was he a medical doctor ? "
tr	NN	" Elena , " a voice cal ed , and she stopped .
tr	NNS	" The legends are false , Sini .
tr	NN	" The government wants you to make money . "
tr	NNS	" Some lady downstairs said he busted a plate glass window and attacked a mannequin . "
tr	NN	Lightning flashed across the sky , lit up the ground to reveal the small river of blood .
tr	NN	His explanation wasn 't much solace .
tr	NN	She gasped , her inhale lost in his kiss , for he was hard and straining already against his breeches .
tr	NN	My pulse jumped as his words came faster .
tr	NNS	" Some changes , " she said , her voice almost too low to hear , " are permanent . "
tr	NNS	There were no more Stephen Blade movies made after Red Tide , according to the archives information .
tr	NNS	Jets were Mitchell 's favorites as a boy , and as a man .
tr	NN	" The teacher said we 'd learn the quadratic formula next year .
tr	NNS	The figures were his enemies .
tr	NN	" Jack darling , " she whispered , " you know better than to play with dangerous things .
tr	NNS	Most young wolves have a family or a pack that cares about them .
tr	NNS	Since he had started locking his bedroom window , the bites on his chest had healed .
tr	NN	She landed on a canvas stretcher , the IV tube slapping her arm .
tr	NN	There 's no arrest to be made .
tr	NN	When we land , the captain says just stay on the plane ; we 'll only be here for twenty minutes .
tr	NNS	" And the mattress needs to be just right .
tr	NNS	Our natural resources are waning , as would be expected with the population growth and the advancement of medicine .
tr	NN	The angel smiled and bobbed his bushy white eyebrows .
tr	NNS	Jon 's cords held .
tr	NN	Nausea roiled in my stomach , and I tore away from Ethan and ran between a couple cars to vomit in privacy .
tr	NNS	Before , she 'd been leaning back , wanting to trust him but holding something in reserve just in case her instincts were wrong .
tr	NN	The layer of fat softened the lines of its body , but could not conceal its well-developed muscles and powerful bones .
tr	NN	The stench of fish almost overwhelmed Mac as he entered the warehouse .
tr	NN	The young werewolf stalked a path through the kitchen , media room and then through the patio doors to the deck .
tr	NN	The pilot glanced back at us , and I saw Card 's profile against the flight instruments .
tr	NNS	The pranks have escalated since then , some of them downright scary and illegal .
tr	NNS	My ancestors weren 't just Rhode Islanders .
tr	NN	Ezio 's arrival back in Rome had coincided with the funeral of Pope Julius .
tr	NN	Each pulse made his eyes glow and turned his skin translucent .
tr	NN	An owl hooted in the distance .
tr	NN	The older lord rode after him .
tr	NNS	" The gangs , " Fade guessed .
tr	NN	A second bruise decorated her chin .
tr	NNS	Things move slowly in Hatter 's Cove . "
tr	NNS	" What are those responsibilities ? "
tr	NNS	His footsteps become fainter .
tr	NN	" So the guy who choked Farrell is one of the twelve , " Chance said .
tr	NNS	" All losses diminish us as a whole . "
tr	NNS	The old pine floors creaked as if under a heavy weight .
tr	NN	The only real immortality is doing something worth remembering . "
tr	NNS	He ran his palms along my thighs , then back to my knees , his thumbs grazing the insides .
tr	NNS	Her hopes flew too high for me .
tr	NN	A pedestal composed of white stone flecked with gold projected up from the floor in the center of the room .
tr	NNS	Office romances never work , and I sincerely wished that I didn 't have to keep reminding myself of that whenever Hayden was near .
tr	NN	It ' l give you strength .
tr	NN	But no objection followed .
tr	NNS	Romulus shook his head .
tr	NN	Or is your passion a secret ? "
tr	NN	The nodding was more assertive this time .
tr	NN	Five minutes later the roar of a diesel engine filled the air .
tr	NNS	Freaks pushing deep into the untamed wild left broken branches and churned dirt .
tr	NNS	Instead , I was on the sidelines always wondering what was going on .
tr	NN	Phase two had begun .
tr	NNS	The drinks may well be free and hot , but you put your life in extreme danger each time you take a drink ! '
tr	NN	A diversion was in order , though I felt a flash of resentment that I had to defuse the situation .
tr	NN	A friend 's neighbor passed away .
tr	NNS	Because , billions of people didn 't possess any respect for law or man .
tr	NN	The studio already held what remained of Alana 's life , and nobody ever used it .
tr	NN	My tablet vibrates alerting me to a message .
tr	NNS	There were a few items I added .
tr	NN	It 's viscous beak is as long as my outstretched arm and it 's wingspan longer than me and Lucy stood head to toe together .
tr	NN	An enormous mountain sits before us .
tr	NN	The spit hits him squarely in the face , then bubbles and burns his flesh away .
tr	NNS	Officials cannot account for the gruesome killing spree .
tr	NNS	Things were complicated enough when I thought her mom was human .
tr	NN	The TV said you should ignore bullies and they would stop harassing you .
tr	NN	The magnificent leopard moved with that peculiar combination of grace and power unique to big cats .
tr	NNS	The captains among the musketeers , seeing this , barked fire , their orders resounding all across the line .
tr	NNS	' My cousins are from New York State .
tr	NN	I 'm in the room above the garage , alone , tucked away in the solitude with only my pen and notebook for company .
tr	NNS	Then , as quickly as it had begun , the colors and lights abruptly faded away .
tr	NNS	There were no programs and college grants back then like there are now for people in your situation . "
tr	NNS	Things were starting to make sense .
tr	NN	" Anya , the government will give you a new identity , a new place to live .
tr	NNS	Raffaele rises to his feet in one fluid movement , then gives me a nod .
tr	NN	Just below the wing is a huge cylinder with spinning blades inside it .
tr	NN	As the enraged heavy scowled , the crew leader waved a hand toward the sergeant .
tr	NN	There was a single , yellow spotlight on their backyard , illuminating the big deck .
tr	NN	The pit hadn 't felt useful .
tr	NN	Maybe the spider had seen the misery and desperation in my eyes .
tr	NNS	The sunglasses hid the expression in her eyes but if it was horror , he didn 't care . '
tr	NNS	Names , characters , businesses , places , events and incidents are either the products of the author 's imagination or used in a fictitious manner .
tr	NN	The charm and intelligence revealed took my breath away .
tr	NNS	Things like this are hard to predict .
tr	NN	In front of her was the main square , where several stores and stalls sold goods to the crowds of eager customers .
tr	NNS	The politeness was for the lawyer , not the suspect .
tr	NNS	Things were familiar with Jeff , and their sex life was good .
tr	NNS	Things only get worse when I pass the line forming from outside that weaves around through the columns of the quad and to the main office .
tr	NNS	Where are our seats on the Council ?
tr	NNS	What were the chances that those afternoon conversations would illuminate the tableau before me ?
tr	NNS	' ... but one of your staff members had some tests done at our clinic recently and I 'm afraid the results aren 't good . '
tr	NN	The fan faltered in Agnes 's hand , and in the next moment she was sitting as pale and dormant as a tombstone .
tr	NN	For one reason or another , Peter 's biography has Kimberley arriving at the island in the morning after the fire , rather than the afternoon before .
tr	NN	The slight pinch of his grip on her scalp sent her arousal ratcheting up even higher .
tr	NNS	Werewolves also liked to gossip about their neighbors .
tr	NNS	Things that had seemed perfectly sensible when he was alive seemed a little suspect now that he was dead .
tr	NN	But while some of the council members had also voiced their disapproval , the majority seemed to think the duke 's strategy to be a sound one .
tr	NNS	Believe it or not , there are checks and balances within the system . "
tr	NNS	The South Korean authorities would point the finger north and the world will believe it was a conspiracy from inside Korea .
tr	NNS	There were few European Americans in the country .
tr	NNS	Cars honked , people yelled , a city full of energy .
tr	NNS	The summers were , made by the concrete , infernal .
tr	NN	" The dragon takes away from the poor to give to the rich .
tr	NNS	There were no guarantees in a human 's life .
tr	NNS	Others think that we are descendants of demigods ( that 's the only theory Laila chooses to acknowledge ) .
tr	NNS	Several feet behind him , the immortals were slowly struggling to their knees .
tr	NNS	Early settlers had come here and laid down stakes and dreams in the West .
tr	NN	The leader came to within ten feet .
tr	NN	Then the scar turned into a ragged trench carved deep in the soil once the body of the plane hit the grass .
tr	NN	How quickly can guilt grow into rebellion .
tr	NNS	The other mages surrounded Amira like an honor guard , riding their motley assortment of mounts .
tr	NNS	Words like freaking out and hide things weren 't his favorites .
tr	NN	The pup struggled for a moment , then stared out the window , making anxious sounds .
tr	NN	This trio had been the last he 'd seen to leave ; it was now or never .
tr	NNS	Things would have gone ill with Sam , if he had been alone .
tr	NNS	Hands are pulling me , lifting me up and I can almost feel something but not quite .
tr	NNS	Bright forks of lightning again started to jump from anything made of metal on the ship , no matter how large or small .
tr	NNS	" So the cookies will make the decision for you then ? "
tr	NN	Then came a bard with a book of songs and tales , clearing his throat and turning a page .
tr	NNS	Your ancestors from the Dark period must have lived thousands , maybe millions of years before the Etruscan civilization on Earth .
tr	NNS	Images of sweet Kim and her family becoming part of Charlie 's circle of indentured servitude made her want to vomit .
tr	NN	His military aura swelled unmistakably .
tr	NN	The footman scampered forward swiftly and then stumbled to a halt at the awesome view .
tr	NNS	Surely , no one dresses like that just to do chores around the house .
tr	NNS	Behind those pupils were lust and longing .
tr	NNS	" The Others control all the fresh water .
tr	NN	" The compulsion you are referring to might be what the humans call the anomaly ... a compulsion to think for ourselves and therefore disobey orders . "
tr	NNS	Stu 's drums kicked in from behind .
tr	NN	Apparently , one description fit any meat .
tr	NNS	A few strands of my hair float up .
tr	NN	At first his chief difficulty on watch had been to resist drowsiness ; now , though the air was worse , feverish excitement kept him vigilant .
tr	NNS	As the days passed , the emails from Mr. Noel kept coming to the residents of Afton .
tr	NNS	While some things still remained at the apartment over his parents ' garage , all the essentials were here , including his dog .
tr	NN	" Expansion joint , " the lead tech said .
tr	NNS	Others were standing in line at a two screen theater .
tr	NNS	Your actions seem rather mixed . "
tr	NN	His eyes dart around the parking lot like he 's looking for an escape , and he sighs before locking eyes with me again .
tr	NN	Did his tenant mean that the fact that Bobo had the guns after all was hard to believe ?
tr	NNS	Everywhere , there were shouts of " Alamo " and " Goliad " .
tr	NNS	Animals fell wounded or dead all around me .
tr	NNS	As Alexander and I walked past the booths , patrons and workers stared at us like we were part of the sideshow .
tr	NN	The gas drifting from the vents was just like the backup security system that Pate had installed at the containment center in Seattle .
tr	NN	Once again , mortal combat broke out around us .
tr	NN	The distinction ought to be quite sharp , so that a man knows which couples are married in a Christian sense and which are not .
tr	NNS	The prickles on my neck spiked .
tr	NNS	Cars that were behind us honk their horns and give us the finger .
tr	NN	" But science has been unable to prove the existence of a higher power . "
tr	NNS	But legends can also be true .
tr	NNS	There are five floors in the Pentagon , with an additional Basement and Mezzanine .
tr	NN	The dragon 's way of Claiming his partner for life .
tr	NN	The lieutenant seems to be telling you his whole life story from the beginning .
tr	NNS	The outer areas didn 't , and still don 't , have the resources to sustain the upkeep for it .
tr	NNS	Things like this didn 't happen in real life .
tr	NN	This race , " Jasper , rubbed the back of his neck in an agitated manner , " they don 't care who or what they kill .
tr	NN	His uncle grabbed him and turned him around , pulled his head down and smashed Mac into his chest .
tr	NN	Maybe her daddy worked too many hours and her mom was too busy servicing the pool boy and getting her hair done .
tr	NNS	Things need to go on normally for as long as possible .
tr	NNS	His attempts to pry it away were useless .
tr	NN	I know you were assigned to her late , " said The Manager .
tr	NNS	My fingernails traced the hairline at the nape of his neck .
tr	NNS	" Nick minds everything .
tr	NNS	In a way , the species is evolving , but it 's also being created at the same time , by us . "
tr	NNS	The markings spread everywhere , a babel of writings , drawings , and swear words .
tr	NN	- Well , OK , where the engagement going to be ?
tr	NNS	Now thousands of rioters are flowing in that direction , their voices unified , a single note of fury .
tr	NN	All the bravado about him going to London and killing Conrad Hunter had been just that - empty bravado .
tr	NNS	And chances were , her mom wasn 't about to answer that inquiry today , either .
tr	NNS	While Grant was not physically present , his belongings still remained .
tr	NNS	The figures shimmered into transparency but never quite dissolved completely .
tr	NNS	Things did seem off between us , and I wasn 't sure how to make it better .
tr	NNS	Words jumped out at her .
tr	NN	" That explains a lot , " the grad student said .
tr	NNS	Slowly , his sobs grew quieter and quieter until they turned to nothing but the sound of his hungry chewing .
tr	NNS	There were creatures of all varieties contained within them .
tr	NNS	The passengers disembarked as Hiro moved forward .
tr	NNS	Her followers were mighty men , strong and wild in appearance .
tr	NN	' Her condition is steady .
tr	NN	" It is our favorite pastime , " the great knight admitted , checking one of the buckles under his armor .
tr	NN	The captain and his son , a silent and sullen fifteen - or sixteen-year-old were already board when they arrived .
tr	NNS	And their minds changed , to something more savage , more visceral and predatory .
tr	NN	Over the opening to his crypt she paused , the flaming lamp gripped in gloved fingers .
tr	NN	The captain jerked and thrashed against his captor , but the man stood steady , unmoving .
tr	NN	Where the hay loft used to be .
tr	NN	But guilt plagued her as she went about her business at the shelter .
tr	NNS	There were two empty seats .
tr	NNS	The butterflies love it . "
tr	NN	Love made me mad with pleasure , but loss has made me mad with grief .
tr	NN	Love ambled over to the window .
tr	NNS	Things in history happened , and that history was passed down to us in a way that our forefathers wanted us to understand it .
tr	NN	Yet another proof that her company doesn 't bring any good ... Kevin realized that he 's trying to fool himself .
tr	NN	This upcoming opera is a very important landmark in operatic history . "
tr	NNS	The interviews from his station and then the national news stations would all pay handsomely , if they survived .
tr	NN	A long black cord ran from the side and I knew that 's how they were supplying what little bit of electricity they had .
tr	NNS	Obviously your skills are far superior to mine .
tr	NN	A sharp stab of longing pierced my heart , making my whole body quiver with its aching intensity .
tr	NNS	The doctor started to discuss the findings , saying , " The blood count is very low , her red cells are barely responding .
tr	NN	Either option was ... unfortunate .
tr	NNS	The mattress dipped with his weight , and as annoyed as Andrea was at him , she realized she 'd come to like the sensation .
tr	NN	Perhaps a simple approval of already existing weapons systems wouldn 't be too strong . "
tr	NN	For ten nights the raft carried me as I 've told you .
tr	NN	The unit was silent .
tr	NN	the commander allowed cautiously .
tr	NN	His reputation for moving from one woman to another was only slightly better than her brother Trevor 's .
tr	NN	The bruise had had time to develop and it was not pretty .
tr	NN	Her h * ps began to undulate , and he saw she had her hand between her thighs .
tr	NNS	His attendants carried chests of black and red lacquer , painted with golden dragons .
tr	NNS	The edges of the vision blurred , and the row of colored bottles came back into view .
tr	NNS	Cassius shrunk back , quietly sputtering his defense .
tr	NN	A twig snapped , and Angeline smiled expecting Simone to come to her rescue .
tr	NNS	Two makeup specialists hovered like gnats , poking and primping at his face and hair .
tr	NNS	" The warriors , " I asked in a hoarse whisper , " why don 't they care that they will all almost surely die ? "
tr	NN	The intruder jumped right up to the window and inside the house silently .
tr	NNS	The only sweets I wanted were Sam 's hungry kisses , and if I couldn 't have those , I didn 't much care about anything else .
tr	NNS	Marius stared at me .
tr	NN	The crisis had passed .
tr	NNS	" The civil suits have begun . "
tr	NN	" Love is overwhelming .
tr	NNS	As much as I know you want the culprit to be someone other than your family , few outsiders have access to your food . "
tr	NNS	Only ghosts and monsters are out at night . "
tr	NN	" The honor of a wedding day means nothing to them . "
tr	NN	From one emanated a complex changing pattern of magical forces .
tr	NN	There was no taint of power , no voids to indicate an evil one was near .
tr	NNS	Shotgun 's trousers let out a rip .
tr	NNS	There were almost no visitors at that hour .
tr	NNS	Jamie dresses more conservatively and gives off a more introverted feel .
tr	NN	In a fit of pique , the thief threw it down on the ground to smash the tube .
tr	NN	The guilt is still there , pressing at my throat , but I swallow it down .
tr	NNS	Were Dawson and everyone in danger ?
tr	NNS	No worries , you 'll remedy that very soon .
tr	NN	But if the tumor 's susceptible , the radiation should take care of it . "
tr	NN	... the harmonious race began thinking that if the whole galaxy believed their attitude was so perfect then perhaps they should rule it .
tr	NN	A deafening roar surrounded the truck .
tr	NN	I ' l find her . "
tr	NN	Clear , pale blue skies and falling temperatures were , the reverend remarked to Arnold , ' perfect for the fish we are after . '
tr	NN	Julia 's therapist is playing games .
tr	NNS	Old churches and pictures aren 't so exciting for us , so we escaped . "
tr	NNS	The calluses should not have ignited a fire in her blood , but they did .
tr	NNS	The winds howled outside .
tr	NN	The colonel drove quickly through the open door and planted himself in the plush chair behind a large desk .
tr	NN	The gargoyle gave a nervous flutter of his wings .
tr	NNS	Her squeals almost made up for my lost morning .
tr	NNS	All characters depicted in this fictional work are consenting adults , of at least eighteen years of age .
tr	NN	The former FBI agent sat in a rocking chair .
tr	NNS	His hackles rose when he reached the door .
tr	NNS	The old images rushed in on her , and she gritted her teeth .
tr	NNS	" Six shots of SoCo , " Phillip said , passing around glasses as the bartender handed them to him .
tr	NN	She hastily constructed a deadpan look to frustrate him .
tr	NN	Thunder and lightning join in .
tr	NN	Part of her couldn 't wait to see what was underneath those black pants .
tr	NN	There was a freaking valet at this place .
tr	NNS	Myles 's deputy ? "
tr	NN	The central whirlwind lost its momentum , teetered on its invisible shaft .
tr	NNS	" Then those bright colors are just their way of saying ' good-night ' to each other , isn 't it ? "
tr	NN	Unknown to Matthew , Maureen was across the town square in a shop doorway watching him and wondering what she should do .
tr	NNS	" My profoundest apologies , my dear sir , I thought you were someone else . "
tr	NNS	Her hurried movements made her clumsy .
tr	NNS	Shadowhunters weren 't always the most forthcoming of people , but their skins were honest .
tr	NNS	Numerous shots of devastated homes in Missouri and Nebraska started to add to his depression so he turned off the television .
tr	NNS	Heavy footsteps sounded along the next passage .
tr	NNS	" False accusations , ludicrous trials , and other political maneuvering concealed the injustice in the guise of legality .
tr	NNS	" Any signs of foul play ? "
tr	NNS	Dogs did what they did out of instinct or training .
tr	NN	" An oak , " Trevor added .
tr	NNS	Because the ruins were in complete chaos .
tr	NNS	The targets seemed absurdly easy to hit .
tr	NNS	Not just eggs , but lizard eggs , not veggies , but leaves , weeds etc. .
tr	NN	At the mention of her name , a nearby maid burst into tears and ran from the entryway .
tr	NNS	Although , I cannot see their faces , their builds tell me that they are too big to be students .
tr	NN	' The trick is not to give those long red fingernails anything to draw blood from .
tr	NNS	In one week 's time , thousands of people were depending on her to fill this girl 's shoes .
tr	NNS	Light footsteps and then a warm , soothing hand slid over his back .
tr	NN	" Yeah , there is a Beta unit in the London terminal .
tr	NNS	Things that are darker than the Dark Casters .
tr	NNS	My sobs eased as two sets of small hands eased the ache of sudden loneliness in my body .
tr	NNS	Words finally flow together and I understand what the voices in the room are saying although my vision is a little fuzzy .
tr	NN	But since when is that proof of anything ? "
tr	NNS	" The drinks we 're going to have tomorrow night .
tr	NN	An ice-cream parlor dominated one corner at the central intersection , two banks and a drugstore the others .
tr	NNS	Lights were everywhere , and the whole thing looked to be from a fairy tale .
tr	NNS	The emptiness in the pit of her stomach threatened to take her , take her into the darkness never to return .
tr	NN	" This is my greatest ability , " the old man annoyingly whispered into my ear .
tr	NN	My sister 's release requires aid , if you will .
tr	NNS	The seamstress grabbed my arm and steadied me .
tr	NNS	Things weren 't that bad , really .
tr	NN	The third nipple could have just been a birth defect .
tr	NNS	Delores had her finger to her lips .
tr	NN	The healer had spoken and everybody else was backing off .
tr	NNS	The ancestors could do nothing to stop her .
tr	NN	The bullet missed him by a hair .
tr	NN	The session started out slowly .
tr	NNS	When clan wars do occur , leadership changes , as it does with werewolves : Whoever kills the head of a vampire clan becomes its leader .
tr	NNS	Things that would make you hate me if you knew . "
tr	NNS	My shirt kisses three more barbed wires points .
tr	NNS	Things were not turning out the way Winston had envisioned .
tr	NNS	His main clients were the unions , and because of that , he was in a position of power .
tr	NN	The golem leaned forward , trembling .
tr	NNS	Brady 's opponents could paint this so easily as deception , and people would be asking what else he was hiding for the rest of the election .
tr	NNS	No shouts came from impatient captains anxious to be at sea , though many hands moved about loading cargo .
tr	NNS	And my aunts are a bit , well , peculiar .
tr	NN	The maid has already cleaned up .
tr	NN	Each dawn will hurt .
tr	NNS	Barnabas has used my mother as fight nurse for over ten years .
tr	NN	This homecoming had to happen on his terms , or it couldn 't happen at all .
tr	NNS	Flames clung to trunks and reached the leaves .
tr	NNS	Your sails won 't be able to stand the speed that your ship will be able to fly .
tr	NN	The dragon looked her up and down .
tr	NNS	Flames rose slowly and steadily from four candles upon each , as though someone were operating their fire on a dimmer switch .
tr	NNS	Damen 's nostrils flared and he had to consciously hold himself back from answering .
tr	NN	Did the government realize how far Wyatt was going , in the name of his so-called research ?
tr	NN	JJ asks in his deep voice .
tr	NN	The pasta was everything he promised .
tr	NN	" When did the break-in take place ? "
tr	NN	The squad immediately left Las Vegas and headed out into the desert where a gun battle ensued .
tr	NNS	There were already several inches of snow on the ground .
tr	NN	" I apologize for my lateness , " the Prophet answered , adjusting his lacquered beak .
tr	NNS	Things went better that morning with the gun Herb and Dan had burnt the midnight oil and had done some modifications it now seemed to work flawlessly .
tr	NN	Modern medicine is amazing .
tr	NN	Her indifference chilled me for some reason .
tr	NN	Part of her didn 't want to .
tr	NNS	" Things are heating up .
tr	NNS	The shifters who remained on the field weren 't afraid of battle , and many of them leaped , meeting the harpies in the air .
tr	NNS	The hobbits came back to their seats and sat very quiet .
tr	NNS	Before stepping onto a tube , the Empress held out one hand , palm up , long fingernails pointed downward .
tr	NNS	As he picked it up small wisps of smoke curled up from the fingers that held the can .
tr	NNS	The specifics were irrelevant .
tr	NN	The soil had settled back down around the foundation of the building as though it had never been disturbed .
tr	NNS	The servants on the other side of the room surrounded Bellamy , their fallen champion .
tr	NN	The lust and fury were still battling in his eyes .
tr	NNS	Things were happening too fast , and his vision had narrowed toward his purpose - pulling out the stupid kid and getting the hell out of there .
tr	NN	Soon , the cafeteria and most of the base was under their control , with the grunts taking up a defensive position inside the motor pool .
tr	NN	The growl of the motor had been chewing at the edge of my awareness for a minute or two .
tr	NNS	Resource claims , stolen equipment , damaged minions and sabotaged experiments .
tr	NNS	All the signs were there .
tr	NNS	" The scrolls say she is the goddess , but in reality , Danu is Earth itself .
tr	NN	Thinking of baseball makes me remember Brian and Drew and Will and Laura , and that makes the tears start up again .
tr	NN	The gown had a slit on one side , which exposed a shapely leg , and she 'd added thigh-high sheer black stockings .
tr	NNS	His thumbs brushed aside tears that were spilling over them .
tr	NN	An angel looked up from the marble departure desk .
tr	NNS	The tests confirm that nothing was in the wine .
tr	NNS	Questions peppered Anakin 's mind as he ran , pushing crewmen out of his way .
tr	NN	A luxury , Perry knew , and he said as much .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids popped open , and a gasp shoved past her lips .
tr	NN	An owl abruptly hooted through the night .
tr	NNS	The countess returned her attention to the material and ribbons laid out across her bed .
tr	NN	" Dig , " the intruder whispered .
tr	NN	The video camera blinked red , its lens focused on the girls .
tr	NN	A lovely mass of white wavy hair framed a face very like Ruth 's , but her brown eyes were more reserved than openly welcoming .
tr	NNS	And there are some runes we can utilize that no other Shadowhunter can , because they draw on our doubled power . "
tr	NN	Nausea replaced the hollow feeling in my stomach , and I swayed on my feet .
tr	NNS	" Their minds probably feel like those beams look .
tr	NN	The chick that runs it , Romy Hayden , is a total wack job .
tr	NNS	The satin strands brushed her skin , heightening the heat that poured through her blood .
tr	NN	There was no hesitation in his touch .
tr	NN	" Brand , my surname is Brand nowadays ! "
tr	NNS	Looks like you got beat up . "
tr	NN	The teen warrior proudly walked away , knowing he had won twice during the same match .
tr	NNS	Looks back at me .
tr	NNS	Below shots rang out across the hanger .
tr	NN	" We must not fail , " the pilot emphasized Max wondered what the young man was concerned about .
tr	NNS	Words like " suicidal , " " hospital , " and " admittance , " floated across the fog of darkness and into her thoughts .
tr	NNS	The colors inside the band swirled around that contact , as if it knew she was touching it .
tr	NNS	Several signs kept flying up at the same time .
tr	NN	The subtle beading on my skirt had snagged on the inside door latch of Max 's BMW .
tr	NNS	Like a thousand insects crawled just below the surface .
tr	NNS	The sibling mages had obviously been present when Xavier had mutated species for his own twisted purpose .
tr	NN	A black haze was rising into the air .
tr	NN	Like flipping a switch , even the most annoying of them suddenly became an interesting person that Jon wanted to spend time with .
tr	NNS	Others within the monastery temple might already know of his arrival .
tr	NNS	" The freed planets will be attempting to rediscover their heritages .
tr	NNS	Fucking pigs are the reason I 'm here and not in my dorm room at Regents .
tr	NN	The dwarf , however , seemed to not dismiss her so lightly .
tr	NNS	Two more shots rang out .
tr	NNS	Reyes merely found it annoying .
tr	NN	Part of him wished it could be as simple as " mad . "
tr	NN	Some royal fucker got her .
tr	NN	" Would a real genius have given away every cent of our money like that ? "
tr	NNS	So grams , do you think we could throw kind of a welcome home party for dad ? "
tr	NN	My father-in-law put his hand on my husband 's shoulder .
tr	NNS	The winds stopped howling long enough for Ren to grab Kateri 's hand and pull her forward .
tr	NNS	Many networks and automated systems are running .
tr	NNS	Their shouts of completion filled the apartment .
tr	NNS	Their fathers hunted together .
tr	NNS	His thumbs feathered back and forth gently over the peaks , sending streaks of lightning through her body .
tr	NNS	Two weeks later the sessions had gone well .
tr	NNS	And there were only two creatures in existence that had ever known his name , his mother and father .
tr	NNS	how do you Americans say it ?
tr	NN	On your back , the fur of your wolves just blends seamlessly . "
tr	NN	The gangster was sopping wet from his dunking in the toilet and was slowly coming back to full awareness .
tr	NN	The second sneeze felt even more liberating and made her feel lightheaded .
tr	NNS	Unlike Toronto , fresh vegetables were commercially unavailable during the cold months and this was one of the essential annual winter preparations .
tr	NN	In real life the prey refuge might be a nest in a tree , or an underground den , or a deep pool in a river .
tr	NNS	Images of another hospital visit , alone , taunted her .
tr	NNS	' Don 't worry , the hot chips are shit . '
tr	NNS	The council members lean forward .
tr	NNS	The strangeness of the evening made her head hurt .
tr	NNS	The breakers snapped off again .
tr	NNS	She stared at me , wide eyed , terror undeniably displayed on her face .
tr	NN	" And what would that condition be ? "
tr	NNS	Hands gripped her shoulders , voices loud and demanding , she was unable to answer .
tr	NN	" Why is the general assembly necessary ?
tr	NN	Short introduction , to say the least .
tr	NN	The leader she would kill slowly , cherishing each agonizing scream as he was carved to ash .
tr	NN	Each session will last about two hours , so you can plan accordingly .
tr	NN	The trick was lifting myself high enough that the rough tops of the boards didn 't scrape my thighs .
tr	NNS	Parts of Danny remained , mingled with the newer , darker Daniel .
tr	NN	Then the medicine man turned away from the back of the shed , a perplexed look lining his face .
tr	NNS	" They lie , they lie , " the twins said , staring blankly at the papers .
tr	NNS	The swarms outside the windshield moved effortlessly around the car .
tr	NN	His next goal was to close a deal that would push him over one trillion dollars .
tr	NN	Part of me wishes I could stay just like this .
tr	NN	A roar of explosion met Jace 's ears , and then nothing .
tr	NN	And our chef has gone missing .
tr	NNS	Three figures , two large , one smaller , but only one of them was in focus , was more than an outline or a shimmer .
tr	NN	The barkeep watched from a distance .
tr	NNS	There were a few goons along the rail , weapons drawn and pointed at Teleport .
tr	NNS	Hot chills raced over my skin .
tr	NNS	Things are finally going right for us .
tr	NN	The vampire race has no memories left of her .
tr	NN	" No wonder Rena called me .
tr	NNS	There are some extra supplies in there to make your stay more comfortable . "
tr	NNS	The items in the window were sensual and decadent , including enticing animal prints .
tr	NNS	The rats , being rats , were not keen on seeing a grinning cat , but they understood that a difficult decision had been made .
tr	NNS	A half dozen dolphins circled him in concentric formation .
tr	NN	History was one of my favorite subjects .
tr	NNS	Would the wonders never cease ?
tr	NNS	Rock 's nostrils flared when he was being less than honest .
tr	NNS	Cadmus grinned from behind him , but made no move to comply .
tr	NN	The angel had been walking the earth together with the other angels .
tr	NNS	" On my world , where my boat sank , there are legends and stories of vessels disappearing and never being seen again .
tr	NNS	" My apologies , " I say .
tr	NN	" A ritual that will steal the strength , memories and magic from one person and store it in an amulet for another to draw upon .
tr	NNS	Cadmus stared into my eyes .
tr	NN	His current predicament did nothing to lighten his dark stupor .
tr	NN	Your own command could turn these stones to bread . "
tr	NN	The stench of smoke and death was everywhere .
tr	NN	A butterfly flapped in her chest .
tr	NNS	The currents change the channel in the river .
tr	NN	" Okay , an escort is fine . "
tr	NN	Suddenly there was a crash and he looked up to the open window above at Lee 's room .
tr	NNS	A few items of clothing , a few toiletries donated by humans .
tr	NN	Perhaps there was no real explanation .
tr	NNS	Others may aspire to enlist her .
tr	NNS	Digital characters and effects still needed to play off a real-life framework that could only be achieved by shooting in real time .
tr	NN	A sliver of the waxing crescent moon hung in the sky as I reached the bridge to west Olympia .
tr	NN	There was just no other option .
tr	NNS	Cassius shared a special bond with him .
tr	NN	' My , my dragon slayer .
tr	NNS	Her movements were slow and agonizing , and I averted my eyes , not wanting to see her in so much pain .
tr	NNS	The competitors generally wanted to be interviewed , especially if they won , and the social mavens wanted to be photographed .
tr	NN	My insides contract as I pass the spot where I first saw Nate crossing the grass , just a couple weeks into my freshman year .
tr	NN	She could see where there used to be a garden , the old fencing was still there .
tr	NN	The van was going up in smoke in a few seconds and he needed to get out of there .
tr	NN	A massive lavender rose window stood on the far side of the room .
tr	NN	" A good commander directs his troops .
tr	NNS	At first the actions were uncontrollable and random but as the years went on , I began to assert some aspect of power over them .
tr	NNS	" The aliens are on Ganymede ! "
tr	NN	There was a very faint glowing just past the center ( or what I thought was the center ) of the side .
tr	NNS	The servants , having grown resigned to being banished , left the room promptly .
tr	NNS	So many violent images ran through my mind .
tr	NNS	The factories are in Hong Kong , anyway .
tr	NNS	Odysseus can persuade wolves to eat berries and leave the sheep alone .
tr	NN	My first instinct was to pull it away , but I didn 't .
tr	NN	" Come with me , slave , " he said .
tr	NNS	" The twins aren 't . "
tr	NN	There 's a jab of grief that comes with the knowledge I 'll once again lose the pieces , lose Miller .
tr	NNS	The screens decide that it is better to have smudges all over .
tr	NNS	Her preparations were lengthy and elaborate .
tr	NNS	Others believed them to be monsters .
tr	NNS	The helpers now secured Arun the same way Arun had seen them secure that poor woman long ago .
tr	NNS	The cousins descended down a set of steps into the canal .
tr	NNS	Her fingernails dug painfully into my arm and I bit my lip to keep from gasping .
tr	NNS	The second she had arrived at King 's Court , her father 's servants had summoned her .
tr	NNS	Ladies dressed in the finest silk and lace , their gems sparkling beneath the thousands of candles that filled three massive chandeliers .
tr	NN	A settlement was easier than suffering through the ordeal of taking the matter to a jury .
tr	NNS	Waves lapped up his calves .
tr	NNS	Black markings covered the inside , just underneath the crease of his elbow .
tr	NNS	He laughed , a humorless , self-deprecating laugh .
tr	NN	Half the cafeteria turned around , dead silent , listening to her , as she stood at the table .
tr	NN	Across the room , the tape player clicked and changed .
tr	NN	The tsar fell back toward his son .
tr	NNS	Words float around me .
tr	NN	This layer has definitely been a layer of revelations .
tr	NN	And while the fresh-faced cop had jotted down notes , Chance had glared at the guy .
tr	NNS	" What is this edges and cut ?
tr	NNS	Chills spread over me .
tr	NN	To his right , a twig stood , one end buried with clods of dirt rising on each side .
tr	NNS	Naturally the teachers were always full of praise for an exemplary student , but it was not something that sat well with the other pupils .
tr	NN	Ferry gripped the arms of his command couch , knuckles white .
tr	NNS	Things got quiet and I thought he had left before a lighter knocking resumed .
tr	NN	The pup wasn 't your responsibility .
tr	NNS	Bottles stood on every table , and even though her glass was small , she sampled a good portion of them .
tr	NNS	The vamps were disappearing now , heading out to do whatever it was they did during the midnight hours .
tr	NNS	" What is this Space Questions ? "
tr	NN	My Honda was ten years old and dated , but still ran like a top .
tr	NNS	The twins stepped out of the shadows next to the flames , one of them leaning heavily against the other .
tr	NN	A slim redhead sits at a terminal nearby , examining data on the screen , and there 's a droid as well , probably her assistant .
tr	NNS	Nerves pushed Camille out of the chair .
tr	NNS	Like layers , the inner bookshelves parted subsequently until a stair came into sight .
tr	NN	When he stopped , the van blocked them from view .
tr	NNS	All three spikes spear flesh .
tr	NN	The buck dropped its head and , catching the belt of the attacker on an antler , whipped the man off the roof .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , way too many ideas popped into his head in response to that question , few of them in any way polite .
tr	NNS	The members of the Jury filed in one by one , walking past us without any eye contact , which made me feel worse .
tr	NN	There was no measurable time lapse even though it happened across a significant gap .
tr	NNS	The media never lets anyone with any money live down the mistakes they make .
tr	NNS	Far below , as the three hunters streaked across the roiling sky , wild creatures sensing dangerous predators hastily found shelter and remained very still .
tr	NNS	But there are also some amazing new scientific facts and amusing articles that transcend the original trilogy .
tr	NNS	Flames licked out of the ship ; glass exploded and shattered into a billion fragments .
tr	NNS	These ads will attach both our names to the plan .
tr	NNS	" Bugs was a dear friend and kind soul .
tr	NN	The carpet was deep red .
tr	NNS	As rookies , instincts might have had us to do the same thing Spinelli did , but experience told us not to .
tr	NN	The deep chuckle that used to set butterflies off in my stomach and make me light-headed .
tr	NN	Kylie 's instinct to move the girl to safety swelled in her chest .
tr	NNS	" There are no changes in Terra 's environment . "
tr	NNS	These tunnels are dark and old , unlikely to have been traversed recently or renovated at all .
tr	NNS	" So both suspects have gained by Ryland 's demise ? "
tr	NN	Meredith usual y found her parents funny and sil y and dear .
tr	NN	The arrival of the stranger and the dog in the car provided a highlight in their doleful existence .
tr	NNS	The computer monitors are on the floor , totally broken apart , and shattered .
tr	NN	The dragon continued : " My wonderful riders are here , the greatest riders in the Multiverse !
tr	NN	The man also embraced her , his plump hands slowly stroking her back .
tr	NN	Before Ali could reply , the sheriff walked in and Clare assumed he was going to say her time was up .
tr	NNS	The tunnels were silent but for the distant drops of water and the swishing of their clothes as they walked .
tr	NNS	The werewolves haven 't moved , awaiting Grubbs 's command .
tr	NNS	Folks probably buy it thinking they 're going to finish fixing it up , and fail miserably , just like we did .
tr	NNS	There were no signs of settlement , or of any travellers .
tr	NN	The raven took the rat 's cowl in its beak and tried to drag him away , but a tiny skeletal fist shook its scythe .
tr	NNS	There were only two female werewolves in the bunch to begin with , both of them mated .
tr	NNS	The pain pills finally kicked in , giving Dad a weird shimmery haze around him .
tr	NNS	Things don 't feel the same after that .
tr	NNS	The paintings that are now being challenged must undergo the scrutiny of the leading Post Impressionist scholars of the world .
tr	NN	Part of me would welcome the release . "
tr	NN	The twinkle returned to his eyes .
tr	NN	The only consolation he found in the situation with this human was the fact that she was barren .
tr	NNS	Her sobs sounded messy and ugly .
tr	NNS	The nurses thought I was your sister so I just let them believe that . "
tr	NN	The ' shadowy organization ' you spoke of to the detectives and prison doctors was mine .
tr	NN	" The soup 's good . "
tr	NN	No offense , " I add , glancing at Starbucks .
tr	NN	There was a crash from behind them .
tr	NN	There 's a warm blush spreading through her chest and into her cheeks , and she fingers the smooth taffeta of her dress .
tr	NNS	Those images can haunt your dreams . "
tr	NNS	The edges of the sky were already lightening into a pale blue .
tr	NN	So , too , will my footman , if also provided with proper care and rest . "
tr	NN	Is even our legend a secret in these troubled times ? "
tr	NNS	Two shots of Patron , please ? "
tr	NN	" You are young and foolish , " his uncle said .
tr	NNS	Others were lying on tables .
tr	NNS	Lives of those I loved .
tr	NNS	" 0 active documents found .
tr	NNS	Meanwhile , the two pirates manning the tactical station went into a flurry of activity as the Hermes came into weapons range .
tr	NN	Your chariot awaits . "
tr	NNS	Lots of people cared about me , but it wasn 't the same .
tr	NN	Part of me wanted to say something reassuring to him , but what could I say ?
tr	NN	If so , why did only one mountain fall and not all of them ?
tr	NNS	Some spikes rose high and lifted them through their chest .
tr	NNS	Ferocious winds brought clouds full of more water than the desert had seen since the beginning of time .
tr	NNS	The board members want that estate , and I 'm the one who has to make it happen .
tr	NNS	Our deaths don 't change that . "
tr	NN	" What did your therapist say for you to do ? "
tr	NN	Love turned to leave then hesitated .
tr	NNS	Hands slap my arms , commending me on my choice , and I move to the rear of the group , blood wrapping around my fingers .
tr	NN	By 3 p.m. , Sam 's weariness had defeated his will , and he succumbed to sleep .
tr	NNS	Suddenly , images came to his mind .
tr	NN	On the other side of the two boulders , a plume of sand rose into the air , shot upward by the descending ramp .
tr	NN	" Yeah , " Jazz agreed softly .
tr	NNS	Screams of men and splashes of blood filled my vision .
tr	NNS	Images of faces floated to my consciousness but no words .
tr	NN	But was there a bullet locked inside him , a bullet that could infect him and kill him ?
tr	NNS	There were loud shouts of approval and even Madame Veer smiled .
tr	NNS	Soldiers standing over them , still like statues , rifles poised and ready to fire .
tr	NN	" It must be awesome knowing you 've already made the cut , " Link lamented .
tr	NN	Her tail wagged all the while and Heather knew there was no point in trying to fight her smile as she watched them together .
tr	NNS	Things brightened up considerably around eleven .
tr	NNS	Aris pressed his advantage .
tr	NN	Of course , Carey 's puppet theatre wasn 't the only one to bring the girl to life at the end of the play .
tr	NNS	The giant pointy spikes shot up high into the air , standing firmly and strong .
tr	NNS	Lots of personal stuff was going on and apparently all the arrangements had been made , without me , while I was on the way there .
tr	NN	One less witness against you was never a bad thing .
tr	NN	Despair crept into those cracks and a soft sob escaped me .
tr	NNS	The Chinese or criminal gangs have the entire coast locked up tight .
tr	NN	" The electricity is out in the entire city . "
tr	NN	" Okay , the coast is clear .
tr	NN	The writing was none I recognized .
tr	NN	Her pulse quickened beneath his fingertips .
tr	NNS	With the point of critical mass approaching , unknown variables were falling away , allowing a more exact estimate of the time when the explosion would occur .
tr	NN	Each stroke of his tongue moved closer but he darted out of reach until I was writhing , practically groaning for him to taste it .
tr	NN	There was so much explanation to do .
tr	NN	Her quick aggressive posture alerted the dogs .
tr	NN	There was disgust and anguish mixed together in her voice .
tr	NN	There wasn 't even a tractor in the fields today .
tr	NNS	And just like that all my reservations disappear .
tr	NN	The crown won 't stay with anyone unworthy .
tr	NNS	Tanks from each side broke off in different directions , only to be illuminated briefly when they fired , or were fired upon .
tr	NN	" Why the glum look ? "
tr	NN	The mountain seemed to reach the sky .
tr	NN	Across the street the entrance to the canyon was still blocked off , police tape draped across the drive .
tr	NN	His dictator persona vanished from his mind , and he was little Nilo again , helpless and despised .
tr	NN	Her pulse was pounding .
tr	NNS	Their movements were too sharp , too quick -- and they were coming right toward him .
tr	NNS	Dragons are extinct after all .
tr	NN	When I started to go , the motorcycle policeman was nowhere in sight .
tr	NNS	The emptiness that made me pull up her number , finger hovering above the phone icon .
tr	NN	My back ached and my stomach was queasy and it felt like evil trolls were playing a snare drum inside my head .
tr	NN	There was some illumination from the window but not much .
tr	NNS	There were usually six to eight races , separate ones for boys and girls in junior high , high school reserve and high school varsity .
tr	NNS	The flower petals floated across the stage as he sang about them in the song .
tr	NN	The swirl of emotions made it difficult for Obi-Wan to focus without concentrating .
tr	NNS	Flames leapt out and extinguished in increasing frequency and intensity , as it got closer to its eventual impact site .
tr	NN	Her struggles grew weaker .
tr	NN	Was the principal right ?
tr	NN	This ghoul was never going to hurt anyone else , ever again , if I had to die to make sure of it .
tr	NN	" And a miracle happened .
tr	NN	" Also , a little applied psychology would probably work wonders for your exorcism , no ? "
tr	NN	" Your crude reference is not appropriate here . "
tr	NN	The workbench is even clean . "
tr	NNS	I 'm sure that you are all weary from your journey , my attendants will take you all somewhere so you can bathe before dinner . "
tr	NN	Surprised , Chance caught the reins , grinning when Adam swiveled toward him with a bright wink then shifted his attention forward again .
tr	NNS	All D.C. resources and outlying counties would be alerted .
tr	NN	The scout leader held up a hand to signal her scouts to hold .
tr	NNS	Waves and other surface dynamics were there , as well .
tr	NN	Then a dazzling halo appeared in front of him , strands of pale hair tickling his chest .
tr	NN	The warrior faced us and stated , " We still need to finish the mission .
tr	NN	The prison that housed me had walls insubstantial as water ; I only needed to kick hard to break the surface and be free .
tr	NN	Then the passenger said , " At least one thing is accomplished .
tr	NNS	Maris smoothed her expression , and Caroline went back to work .
tr	NN	" Fear not , I will bring you food enough to live , " said the hawk .
tr	NNS	But mostly lovers cuddle ... or at least on Earth they do .
tr	NNS	The two competitors stood far apart , studying each other for any signs of weakness .
tr	NN	Beth asked , her annoyance tinged with amusement .
tr	NNS	The cells , when in the presence of the serum , cured any and all types of injury and sickness .
tr	NNS	My heart races faster , my lungs feel as if they will burst and then my brain detaches from my body .
tr	NN	Jordan 's inhale was audible .
tr	NN	The wraith watched intensely at that small movement and then nodded approvingly .
tr	NN	Remind them who they 're dealing with , " the commander emphasized .
tr	NNS	The floors were wooden and creaky .
tr	NN	Later , during his shadowing years , his uncle told him about the dosing and when it was done and how it worked .
tr	NNS	The hills above the traffic were his home and trails for hikers cut through his living room .
tr	NNS	he said , an incredulous smile mixed with dawning annoyance sweeping across his face .
tr	NNS	My hopes were that the force would be enough to have the creature disintegrating into sparkling particles , as it had done in the fight with Selena .
tr	NN	The majority trudged down the street toward their day jobs , looking bored already .
tr	NNS	" Things are different now . "
tr	NNS	Questions were haunting Victoria which made her really confused of what 's happening .
tr	NNS	The media is reporting the children of the late , lamented Boris Hightower are furious that Constance was let out on bail .
tr	NN	Killer , the bait for their ambush , continued to charge up the hill .
tr	NNS	The other creatures don 't have its power , but they 're more clever .
tr	NNS	His instincts , honed by years of hunting , were warning him .
tr	NN	" When was your birthday ? "
tr	NN	The fallen knight howled , and his voice was a wail of regret and unspeakable loss .
tr	NN	" It was fine , er , generous of you to , ah , accommodate me , since you weren 't interested yourself .
tr	NNS	" Our general first aid supplies are not bad , but we have several people on prescription medications that are running out .
tr	NNS	There 's a few faults on some of the others , too .
tr	NN	26 Addy didn 't have the heart to tell Gran about the state of her mother 's most recent marriage .
tr	NN	the priest asked when the office grew silent again .
tr	NN	My darling Catherine , I don 't know what 's happening to me , and I don 't know if I ever will .
tr	NN	We real y were flying almost completely blind .
tr	NN	Ahead , the fantastically shaped and coloured mountain dominated his whole field of vision .
tr	NN	The ale was cool and satisfying .
tr	NN	The young barkeep gaped into his glass , wordless .
tr	NNS	The letters spurted from his pen faster and faster .
tr	NNS	And the butterflies are back .
tr	NNS	" Things change . "
tr	NNS	The brilliant figures still surround him .
tr	NNS	Shimmer 's nostrils dilated as she breathed in deeply .
tr	NNS	The Viking warriors both fought and pillaged with grim efficiency .
tr	NN	" The Short History , " added Bryan .
tr	NN	Her tail wagged even more enthusiastically at the delightful game .
tr	NNS	A moment later , his breeches were around his knees .
tr	NNS	For less favorable jobs , the ones that no one wants , pack members are sometimes force assigned jobs .
tr	NN	What a good daddy he is .
tr	NN	That little nugget had dashed any hopes she had had of overpowering or outsmarting her captor in a one-on-one meeting .
tr	NNS	Reyes knew he 'd destroyed a lot of goodwill in that direction , but he wouldn 't undo his actions even if he could .
tr	NNS	The members of the marching band obliged , and the sound was as fast as Danni 's heartbeat .
tr	NN	An era has ended in this part of the traverse . "
tr	NN	" Her pa , Pa , " Sadie said .
tr	NNS	Lots of technicalities , but they had to understand .
tr	NNS	There were murmurs of disbelief , and then silence as they waited for Dave to continue .
tr	NNS	Two kidnapping attempts in one lifetime meant my life would never be normal .
tr	NN	The third photograph was of Louisa .
tr	NNS	Other signs of a fight emerge .
tr	NNS	The guest quarters aren 't anywhere near the kitchens .
tr	NNS	" What are the chances we can get some coffee ? "
tr	NNS	The twins continued to cry .
tr	NN	Only timely police intervention stopped the mob from carrying out its intent .
tr	NN	" Long time no see , Morning Breath . "
tr	NNS	The possibilities swarmed Camille 's mind as she entered the bathroom .
tr	NNS	" Minor changes , Ant , like I said . "
tr	NN	Then he said resolutely , " Ok , let 's go ! "
tr	NN	The bullet just went through the flesh . "
tr	NN	The senator trusts that wolf too damn much . "
tr	NNS	Elias wasn 't armed .
tr	NNS	The bucket warriors followed her down the stairs , Brick clamouring for appreciation as they went .
tr	NN	His grandmother , though , had called to tell him that Mackenzie had arrived there very upset with him .
tr	NN	Just then a shadowy flutter of white came along the bushes and stopped beside the bear .
tr	NN	The damage seems to be ... in the extreme .
tr	NN	Now the delectable Agent Sterling , on the other hand ... " A muscle in Briggs 's neck visibly tensed , but he didn 't snap .
tr	NN	My education might seem rather useless here . "
tr	NN	The small tribe stood reverently outside the circle , wearing identical long black cloaks .
tr	NN	The sheriff burst back into the room , face wet and shining , with a highway patrolman beside him .
tr	NN	( The maid lifted her hand and pointed to a tall hill . )
tr	NNS	Others will know that you 're near , but unless they 're an extremely powerful demon they won 't be able to detect anything about you .
tr	NN	The liquid was yellow and the animal inside looked like a squid .
tr	NN	" My uncle will abdicate in my favor .
tr	NN	' Can 't a captain go for a drink when he feels like it ? '
tr	NN	Fortunately , the policeman was holding her wrists .
tr	NN	But a strange and new insecurity floated inside him now , the sensation of losing her when they 'd finally just found each other again .
tr	NN	The incredulity in her sending came through forcefully .
tr	NN	Only a miracle , or some twist of fate that could jerk her to her senses , would make her change .
tr	NNS	Several couples had met , married , and divorced their spouse , leaving as friends .
tr	NNS	Marius stood quickly and pulled himself up out of the car through the sunroof .
tr	NN	The TV made a popping sound as the screen went black .
tr	NN	" But the snake is here for temptation purposes and I don 't think you can deduct points for that . "
tr	NNS	No strings attached , except that to immigration the marriage must appear real . "
tr	NN	Carry on , pilot , " Jason says confidently .
tr	NN	Our master wants the boy alive ! "
tr	NN	Curious folk those two , he thought .
tr	NN	Sasha 's pulse thumped in her ears .
tr	NN	The gas shut off .
tr	NNS	The hot wetness stung his eyes , almost as if he was crying , but that wasn 't possible .
tr	NN	While we 'd been inside , dusk had fallen .
tr	NN	A plaque on the wall told this was Hardin 's room and that he went on to become the founder of the country .
tr	NNS	Our chances are even better this time around . "
tr	NNS	On the tip of my tongue something sarcastic about the flyers is ready to spew forth , but then I stop myself .
tr	NNS	The four adult wolves had gone berserk , throwing themselves at the steel fence , growling and snarling .
tr	NN	Their ' immortality ' meant nothing to the dark power as they too were swept away in a tidal wave of black ash .
tr	NNS	Flames were on the ceiling .
tr	NN	And then nausea swept over her like a giant wave .
tr	NN	The highway was empty .
tr	NNS	Folks just wanted to chalk it up to late night drinkin ' and drivin ' .
tr	NNS	If I go out there , the gangs are going to see me ! '
tr	NN	There was a snort of laughter on the other end , followed by another long whoosh of breath .
tr	NNS	Their kisses tasted like smoke .
tr	NNS	Animals tended to be sloppy killers .
tr	NNS	" Things will look different after some sleep . "
tr	NN	Her spine stiffened a little .
tr	NNS	Special offers designed to lose money .
tr	NNS	On her attempt , the edges of Iona 's circle turned soggy , but she kept control .
tr	NN	No longer were the nobility a brotherhood .
tr	NN	That cub needed help , and Iona wasn 't about to run away and abandon it .
tr	NNS	The edges of his mind worried at Brady 's barb .
tr	NN	" Sorry , love , " said the hairdresser .
tr	NNS	" Guys ... " Jason shouts , exasperated .
tr	NNS	There were thousands everywhere , many burnt out or still on fire .
tr	NNS	The strips of skin went back on over the top with craft glue .
tr	NN	A viewing port in the ceiling provided a good view of the activities .
tr	NN	The deep scar on his cheekbone made some say that his handsomeness was ruined , but Ainsley disagreed .
tr	NNS	Sirens sounded somewhere , only I couldn 't tell if they were in my head or in the world outside of my crazed mind .
tr	NN	The diary she writes in every day .
tr	NN	A chorus of complaints arose around him , which he ignored , turning towards Gabriel with a wink .
tr	NNS	The spices from the red beans had finally seeped into her brain and turned it to mush .
tr	NN	' No offense taken , your Grace . '
tr	NN	Storm laughed , which surprised her .
tr	NN	" Just stake me now , " I said .
tr	NN	An electronic beeping announced their entrance into the convenience store .
tr	NNS	Folks , on the radio is Will Smart , Maggie 's husband , an LAPD detective whom many of you have met .
tr	NN	What if the gown had belonged to Isabella 's mother all along ?
tr	NN	But I ' l get kil ed first because I ' l stil be here ! "
tr	NNS	Cooper Industries ' shares were up by ten percent -- still a third of their peak value .
tr	NNS	Hands dig at my back as everyone presses forward , trying to break free from its path .
tr	NNS	What a travesty the latest styles were , with their high waists and straight , shapeless skirts .
tr	NN	If I hold this in my hand for too long , my grandmother says that I 'll vanish to some point back in time .
tr	NNS	Moses says once James is gone .
tr	NNS	" My prayers are with you , Sharon .
tr	NNS	Where are the ghosts ?
tr	NNS	My heart races as I realise it is Jayden .
tr	NN	In one square stood the slender Egyptian obelisk carved with hieroglyphics .
tr	NN	Eventually the maelstrom calmed .
tr	NN	The light emanating from her body grew brighter .
tr	NN	The pilot turned it towards us , then killed the engine .
tr	NN	Only her incompetence and emotional weakness had prevented her from doing so .
tr	NNS	Things in the room began to look wobbly .
tr	NNS	Complex calculations race through his mind while he adjusts his flight vector .
tr	NNS	The fairies at their shoulders glowed brightly , the orange light casting bright patterns on the boys ' backs .
tr	NNS	Lots of people come and you could learn a bit more about the game that way . "
tr	NN	The captain gripped an iron lever and pulled .
tr	NN	A balcony ran around the second story , and Karou 's room was up a twist of stairs .
tr	NN	The beef was charred .
tr	NN	A clatter of metal rings through the quiet , followed by Gabe 's curses and Jesse 's low chuckle .
tr	NN	Love looks good on you . "
tr	NN	A thrill of power bypassed her suit 's resistance , surging through her body and she felt herself impelled onwards and upwards .
tr	NNS	Their resonant properties tended to wick sound away .
tr	NNS	His eyelids closed then opened again .
tr	NNS	This time drops of sea water sprinkled my arms .
tr	NNS	" Others consider generosity to be a blessing .
tr	NN	" No kidding , " he said between clenched teeth .
tr	NN	A lack of motor vehicles that could run due to ' the Pulse ' made the noise very noticeable .
tr	NN	My technique and timing has unfortunately been off and others have always interfered with our alliance , but I believe I may be more fortunate this time .
tr	NNS	" The changes in him and the happiness he has found is not something easily forgotten . "
tr	NN	Before voting , the assembly took a crude poll and found that there was widespread popular support for Michael Romanov 's selection .
tr	NN	His artery beat firmly against my forehead .
tr	NN	The dune drew a long way both east and west , turning southward at both ends .
tr	NNS	" And who are these leaders in government in relations to us exactly ? "
tr	NN	A sentence in Blake 's handwriting starts appearing .
tr	NN	the barkeep said , a wicked spark in his eye .
tr	NN	The market might not have some of the spices though .
tr	NN	Vimes didn " t bother to try .
tr	NNS	My movements were as free as the rare times I wore trousers .
tr	NNS	The butterflies picked up rhythm once more and this time Raina not only recognized the passionate sensation , but she welcomed the feeling with open arms .
tr	NN	Dolly 's attorney spent a few precious billable minutes telling me the exact same thing .
tr	NNS	" Yes , visits to the coke works during the war . "
tr	NNS	The other three Blood villages under her rule could have gone to one Queen instead of being divided . "
tr	NN	The rebellion stopped only after they terminated the experiment .
tr	NN	JJ continues , " Now shut up about Lacey and feelings and shit and tel me the capital of Yemen .
tr	NN	The werewolf was of no consequence .
tr	NNS	There were other images too .
tr	NNS	Nerves were ragged , especially with the locals .
tr	NN	' But dawn will not help us , I fear . '
tr	NNS	But usually those types don 't bother with anyone who doesn 't threaten them . "
tr	NN	My backyard is a disaster area . "
tr	NN	The tech had hosed her down again then handed her a paper robe .
tr	NN	The chalice is cracking .
tr	NN	A dollar sixty for a hundred pounds .
tr	NN	The ghoul , now in its true form , lay outstretched on the scorched earth .
tr	NNS	Chess whispered to me , trying to take my hands .
tr	NNS	She couldn 't throw any parties or dinners , couldn 't afford tickets to a play or a concert or any other kind of entertainment .
tr	NNS	His rivals see a chance for power .
tr	NN	A glint of satisfaction appeared in Gregori 's silver eyes .
tr	NNS	Inside lay rows of Iraqi civilians , children and women , who 'd been too close to an exploding IED or been hit by mortar fire .
tr	NNS	" The fullness of time is within the fullness of the moon ... " Michael mused .
tr	NNS	My self-defense classes had taught me well .
tr	NN	One more audience , that 's all I need .
tr	NNS	There are other intelligent species in this solar system .
tr	NNS	Soldiers were forming up behind , shouting .
tr	NN	" My grandmother had it hidden behind a loose brick in the kitchen fireplace .
tr	NN	" No one is this perfect , " said the teacher , skimming dismissively past the page .
tr	NNS	Your management skills are top notch , as are your human relation skills .
tr	NNS	Her instincts right now told her that the construction site was important , very important .
tr	NN	An ornate wooden crucifix hung on the wall beside a portrait of Jesus .
tr	NN	" There 's little profit to be made in something as bulky as farm produce . "
tr	NN	At least half the panel either smoked now or had been regular smokers in the past .
tr	NNS	More rats were scrambling into the room , but these moved differently .
tr	NN	The leader looked in the case and raised his eyebrows , " Bring it all . "
tr	NNS	Marius is very lucky man ! "
tr	NN	The spark had already begun , and I didn 't even know it yet .
tr	NN	Hildy and Francia exchange nods .
tr	NN	Use a quarter of each tube every time your sister 's condition worsens .
tr	NNS	The other six warriors faced more-or-less in Hagar 's direction and his burst of motion did not go entirely unnoticed .
tr	NN	The real challenge , of course , is our faces .
tr	NNS	Their expressions told me one thing .
tr	NN	His landing was smooth , but Kim had to take a moment we didn 't have to get her bearings .
tr	NNS	Things were progressing between them and he felt a deep masculine satisfaction that their relationship had developed so much quicker than he 'd anticipated .
tr	NN	If I made a conscious effort to stop the repetitive act , no pressure built in my chest , no dizziness threatened my consciousness .
tr	NNS	Looks back at the four adults .
tr	NN	The cool vinyl upholstery stuck to her bare back .
tr	NN	Even more than Talon , Gray 's misguided loyalty to Cassidy hurt .
tr	NN	The Pakistan government has closed down the strikes with an agreement with the Americans for the next month .
tr	NNS	The fountains ran from a cistern at the top of the cliff and had only stopped when the pipes became clogged .
tr	NN	Fort Bragg command answered immediately .
tr	NNS	All the empty promises made by the government and big agriculture fueled a healthy distrust for the federal government and the corporations who control it .
tr	NN	An angel was near , one of the Fallen .
tr	NNS	Some users would pay to have their profiles made private , especially those that were in the public eye .
tr	NNS	After I 'd hung up , my eyelids became heavy , and I sagged from exhaustion .
tr	NNS	What is facilities ? "
tr	NN	Resolute determination reflected in Brenda 's pale face as she stared the three wizards down .
tr	NNS	The wolves scattered into the shadows , out of the glow of twilight .
tr	NN	And more importantly from Styx and his goon squad , who would no doubt have killed him on sight .
tr	NN	The farther I ventured into the suite , in fact , the bigger I realized it was .
tr	NN	As soon as they had sat down , a maid appeared , enquiring what they would like to drink .
tr	NN	My teacher was a very small woman in her late fifties .
tr	NN	The sergeant nodded , reaching for the phone .
tr	NNS	The programs forgot things , lost things , dropped things .
tr	NNS	And a full-size gallows erected at the back of the room .
tr	NN	Part of Kylie wondered if it were the ghosts that Miranda wanted to keep out .
tr	NN	The majority seemed to require only finishing touches .
tr	NNS	Things just got a whole lot more dangerous .
tr	NN	One man 's vanity had cost him so much .
tr	NN	The prejudice we face almost everywhere is enormous .
tr	NN	A black cape appeared from his hands , and he swung it behind him in an arch .
tr	NN	The race 's trumpeter , the official announcer .
tr	NNS	Their motives are base , their actions monstrous .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids drifted as he pulled onto the highway .
tr	NN	The stack of tortillas shrank before his eyes .
tr	NN	The pipe had dropped into his hand like a talisman .
tr	NNS	Aris opens a door and beckons for Thomas to follow him .
tr	NNS	Even with the manual labor they had , the supplies would really eat into their budget .
tr	NNS	White fumes spewed from the severed hose .
tr	NNS	Neat rows of cupboards lined the wall above the counter and the built-in stove looked like it belonged right there .
tr	NN	The arrival of an overnight delivery van interrupted yet another denunciation of Gordon Lasher .
tr	NN	A feather of fear whispered through her heart .
tr	NNS	" There are limits to how much of myself I can separate at once .
tr	NN	As soon as it became clear that the aliens were not friendly , the language had shifted immediately .
tr	NN	As a creature of flesh and blood her mass was that of a human being .
tr	NN	I felt like I would stay open until he returned , a throbbing wound bound together loosely by dirty string .
tr	NNS	Two lifetimes had passed since yesterday morning .
tr	NN	The orgasm took me by surprise , even though I 'd known I was close .
tr	NN	" Yes , yes , my security division informed me of the situation .
tr	NN	The outlines of reality are how this energy oscillates and evolves .
tr	NNS	Her quick footsteps melded together in one humming echo as she walked , the strong scent of dust and mold once again penetrating her senses .
tr	NNS	Looks to me like you 've got everyone wrapped around your little finger . "
tr	NN	The lust was trying to persuade her to watch the boy die .
tr	NN	The diabolical plant leaned close and when the spider rolled close enough , it fired its needle !
tr	NNS	The covens could really use their strength , but she was fairly positive McNair wouldn 't dream of giving up his liberty .
tr	NN	A low growl rose in Kay 's throat .
tr	NNS	But my baser predatory instincts didn 't much care for ethics , and the blood 's origin didn 't diminish its desirability .
tr	NNS	If he was capable of such a thing , the locks would stop her .
tr	NN	He is really very soft at heart , is our Clement .
tr	NNS	Giant spaces , weird art , and the kind of furniture you saw in design magazines .
tr	NNS	A tightness in my throat moves down to my stomach .
tr	NN	" Please , my lord , sit down . "
tr	NN	Aria 's first instinct had been that Ali had done it on a dare .
tr	NNS	There are more confused whispers .
tr	NNS	Three figures swept through the door and burst into my home .
tr	NN	The reflection ends where my father stands , literally next to his boots .
tr	NNS	Their motives aren 't quite as pure as the layman may expect .
tr	NN	The sheriff panicked , but held his ground .
tr	NN	The little dragon bobbed his head nervously , and picked up the startled and protesting Lloyd to carry him down again .
tr	NN	The little trailer they rented after Jed took off for the city ?
tr	NNS	There were only two stalls , and I could see her feet under the door .
tr	NNS	" Back to the how , there are two versions of history .
tr	NN	No discipline , " Miss Maren was saying .
tr	NNS	Too many other artists do that well . "
tr	NNS	As far as she was concerned , actions spoke louder than power suits .
tr	NN	' Yes , sir , ' Love replied .
tr	NNS	The twins kept me busy enough to not dwell on my relationship with Jamey , or lack there of .
tr	NN	The creation of happiness and beauty in our world must be a requisite fallout of the continuing development of technical and engineering science .
tr	NN	Within seconds the dizziness faded away .
tr	NNS	Chills ran through her body .
tr	NNS	The roads , though dark , were green and mountainous .
tr	NNS	Yes , some whores even dyed that to match their heads .
tr	NNS	Folks in Last Chance just wanted happy endings .
tr	NN	NASA 's credibility had taken a huge hit over that gaffe .
tr	NNS	Things like this didn 't happen .
tr	NNS	Lots of smaller pipes hung near the ceiling .
tr	NN	" At least , " he added in a louder voice , " this forbidding is no hardship in such a world as yours . "
tr	NN	The welfare of the planet demands it .
tr	NN	Part of me sympathized with Mrs. McSweeney .
tr	NNS	Gatlin 's incredulous gaze swung back around to him .
tr	NNS	Myles decided he was definitely going to Reliable Auto .
tr	NNS	His baby blues got big and round .
tr	NNS	Romulus lowered the shovel .
tr	NN	There was still a peak in the sheets .
tr	NN	Part of me wanted to go back to the beginning of the year , when my mom had stil been alive , and just stay there forever .
tr	NN	He recognizes it from the train , remembers the hatred in her voice .
tr	NN	The shrill siren whistled through the air as the police car sped toward headquarters .
tr	NNS	His fears were widespread , and once again he silently cursed the necessity of being at sea during these last worrisome months of her pregnancy .
tr	NN	" I agree , " answered the baron .
tr	NN	His inquiry is full of hope .
tr	NNS	Just like the Bible said , the scales fell away from her eyes and she saw herself , a woman who felt guilty but still wanted control .
tr	NN	This particular tribe was different in many ways and unique in others .
tr	NNS	New appliances sat snugly in their appointed places , ready to cool and heat great food .
tr	NN	Her accent was much more pronounced than Ula 's was .
tr	NN	The Convention started to break up .
tr	NN	This scenario was incredible and cruel but this could happen if the U.S. government does nothing about this threat .
tr	NNS	Large red spots seeped through from the pool of blood around his body .
tr	NNS	' Things will be different on Sunday . '
tr	NN	Part of her was grateful , and another part was scared for him .
tr	NN	This week 's vote wouldn 't have any surprises .
tr	NN	Dee 's high-pitched giggle followed my steps .
tr	NN	My spine straightens with the unusually still silence , and I know I 've undoubtedly gained my father and West 's attention .
tr	NN	Shooting is the one skill I had to learn , and I can do it very well . "
tr	NNS	The bookshelves line the area that is visible from the massive staircase leading up from the entrance hall .
tr	NN	The illustration on his hand now glowed largely on the ground .
tr	NN	" Your first instinct is to deny . "
tr	NNS	Those goons were putting people I care about in danger just because they wanted me .
tr	NNS	Things are bad between us . "
tr	NNS	There were many picture frames hanging askew or with the glass broken .
tr	NN	No bullet holes ? "
tr	NNS	Both twins flinched at the icy warning in his voice .
tr	NNS	If he 'd already made it to this refuge , even air searches would have trouble spotting him .
tr	NNS	Things I believe you boys can pull off with hardly a second thought .
tr	NNS	The appliances were different , a modern-looking stainless steel .
tr	NNS	Witches eject power , but maybe demons do not .
tr	NN	Swings swayed in the gentle wind , the trees rustling as the night sucked the last of the light from the sky .
tr	NN	Her almost domestic greeting startled me .
tr	NNS	But closer to our small band , the colors were deep purples and blues .
tr	NNS	Her fingernails caught my cheek , and I reared back in pain as she scratched the full length of my jaw .
tr	NNS	The edges rounded , and the bulging pressure behind his eyes eased .
tr	NN	'Cause this hottie was no goat .
tr	NNS	The elf leaders came back last week because of the Council meeting , and my parents weren 't there .
tr	NN	That trick that still freaks him out and he still can 't reciprocate .
tr	NNS	There were some spots of dried blood .
tr	NNS	First off , did you ladies bring a third woman here with you ? "
tr	NNS	Behind statues and across ceiling beams , gunmen waited .
tr	NNS	There were shouts in the woods , distant , and another popping sound , farther away .
tr	NN	A dull thud sounded as they both collapsed onto the floor .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of Taylor had me dismissing the case and spinning toward the water where I left the boat .
tr	NNS	The stockings themselves were black net and covered what appeared to him at that moment to be nearly a mile of leg .
tr	NN	A high-pitched shriek rang out from beyond the roundhouse .
tr	NN	The hunger she saw , before his lids hid his eyes , sparked an answering hunger deep inside her .
tr	NNS	The scrub lands below had exploded with greenery with the coming of the monsoon .
tr	NNS	Quite a few jaws dropped open .
tr	NNS	Their expressions were priceless , even timeless .
tr	NNS	Silky strands slid through his fingers , glistening in the beams shimmering through the skylight .
tr	NN	The momentum continued to push Terry and Joan to the edge of the concrete steps where Joan pulled back to stop them both .
tr	NNS	The colors subsided until white blanketed her mind .
tr	NNS	Her internal organs were not exactly the same .
tr	NNS	Waves of anguish washed over me as I lied to the only woman I 'd ever loved .
tr	NNS	Laminated signs pointed in all directions .
tr	NNS	There are many roads to follow , that your father doesn 't even remotely imagine .
tr	NNS	New girlfriends are to blame .
tr	NN	A chorus of voices moves briefly on the air as everyone whispers to the person next to them what they think these announcements might be .
tr	NNS	Things had been calm since Todd 's arrival and his presence on the island turned out to be a blessing .
tr	NN	A little sliver of fear moved down my spine .
tr	NNS	These hills span many a mile and this fog can lead a wanderer astray .
tr	NN	" My mate wants to leave you for dead , but if we could give you true death would you take it ?
tr	NNS	The few sentences she heard shocked her .
tr	NNS	The prints were clear and easy to read - even for her .
tr	NNS	Needless to say , kisses weren 't the only thing that stopped getting blown after that night .
tr	NNS	There were no more shots , but that didn 't matter .
tr	NNS	" And two shots of tequila , " Eve added .
tr	NN	The sunshine of early spring blazed down on the range outside .
tr	NNS	Maybe siblings are useful for something .
tr	NN	Morning will come soon , and their flight for Perth departs Darwin at noon .
tr	NN	Your first tip is to stay the hell away from street racing . "
tr	NNS	And then not only is the city al ours , other covens wil know not to mess with us .
tr	NNS	Then the two happy mothers burst out laughing again .
tr	NNS	The hobbits lay in a corner by themselves upon a pile of old bracken .
tr	NNS	" There are just so many cultural differences with ... her ... and I just don 't understand what you and Maya have in common , anyway .
tr	NNS	You see , some skills are not hereditary in Wizards ; they are learned skills .
tr	NN	A few minutes later the rider pulled up beside him .
tr	NN	Then the tip of her tongue came out softly and touched his own .
tr	NN	And the ranch doesn 't have enough income to cover those upcoming loan payments .
tr	NN	The Castle of the Queen of Darkness Page 81 14 .
tr	NNS	Others , cut off before they were finished , continued as they had lived .
tr	NN	And that venue was lovely .
tr	NN	For all the wicked pay a toll .
tr	NNS	His teachings are a necessary part of God 's plan of salvation for you .
tr	NNS	As I was saying , cats do not make legal witnesses .
tr	NN	The soup had reached a hard boil and with a frustrated motion he yanked the pan off the burner .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of Charity entered my mind , and obviously his as I snuck a look at him just to see him turn his head away .
tr	NNS	" Things for me were probably the way you pictured your future .
tr	NNS	Her nostrils caught another whiff of that cigarette .
tr	NNS	The villagers had come out in force .
tr	NN	Even though some people were clapping with excitement , the majority of the folks around me still wore frowns on their faces .
tr	NNS	His expressions soften whenever he looks at me and I can feel the change when he holds me at night .
tr	NN	No human miniaturization method would ever achieve that economy of space .
tr	NN	His partner gave me a timid doe-eyed look and took a step backward .
tr	NN	Every inch of her skin ached for his touch .
tr	NN	My resolve to keep her out of it grew by leaps and bounds .
tr	NN	" And are you sure , recording orb ? "
tr	NNS	The ghosts of human beings tried to intrude themselves onto the streets , but he ignored them .
tr	NN	The bundle evaporated under a puff of smoke and just in time as the flash from the adjoining room announced Jason 's arrival .
tr	NNS	The visitors stood behind the aristocrats , along the wall of the tent .
tr	NN	The sunshine felt good , paired with the cooler breeze that came up off the water .
tr	NN	Her grandmother was right .
tr	NN	From the floorboard emerged a spindly gearshift , reaching up like a skeletal arm from the grave .
tr	NNS	Yet little signs were available that any regular flow of water other than runoff flowed through the path he was following .
tr	NNS	All the characters in this book are fictitious , and any resemblance to actual persons , living or dead , is purely coincidental .
tr	NN	The author of the book had never been there himself .
tr	NNS	His thumbs traced my ribs , as his palms slid to my sides and worked down to my hips .
tr	NNS	" Did the e-mails name us specifically ? "
tr	NN	The once fertile soil lay in need of rain .
tr	NN	The gentry had no paternity tests .
tr	NNS	His black leather trousers hugged his legs , hinting at the well-defined muscle beneath .
tr	NNS	" Where are our drinks ?
tr	NNS	Security cameras tracked our every move , but still my mother said , " It 's fine .
tr	NN	The spider scurried across the floor like some dusty cockroach and without another word was up and through to the other side .
tr	NNS	" Your Highness knows very well your mother died during your birth . "
tr	NNS	Her cheekbones stood out , and it looked like she had not eaten in weeks .
tr	NN	The stone trick would run fair flat after a couple of shows . '
tr	NNS	" Those expressions reek of Amjad . "
tr	NNS	" But your ladies would have to accept their mates , am I correct ? "
tr	NN	A dimple appeared in his cheek .
tr	NNS	The three figures looked increasingly bouncy now .
tr	NN	The red head mercenary arrived within a day .
tr	NNS	Myles rested his hands on his utility belt .
tr	NN	My survival instinct kicks in and I fight back , fists flying .
tr	NNS	The winged sandals were a dead giveaway to his identity .
tr	NNS	" Where are the paintings ?
tr	NNS	Yes , the horrid deaths were multiplying day by day .
tr	NN	The bar exam was a nuisance , an ordeal that must be endured , a rite of passage , and nothing any Harvard man should fear .
tr	NN	The redhead was crouching over Ryder now , taking the vampire 's blood and filling up test tubes .
tr	NN	the secretary hollers with glaring eyes .
tr	NNS	My priorities now are to put the wheels in motion to find Callahan and do some investigation on Moylan .
tr	NN	My pulse thundered , fear and need and perseverance .
tr	NN	A Ghost Escort . "
tr	NNS	" My apologies , Your Highness , " I retort , ignoring the pain .
tr	NNS	Their warriors guarded the cities and hunted in the jungle .
tr	NNS	" A few more sessions like that and you will be our bitch .
tr	NNS	The two races couldn 't watch her with their magic and intrinsic abilities anymore , couldn 't track her except through human means .
tr	NN	A low growl escaped him as Julian 's hand seized hold of his shoulder , trying to pull him back .
tr	NN	Glide 's carefree personality was rubbing off on her .
tr	NN	Again there was a quick exchange of glances between the members of my family .
tr	NN	That tenderness I could never deserve surfaced on her face again , a sympathy only offered in the kindness of my friend .
tr	NNS	The greatest minds in the universe have been trying to work it out and have come to no answer .
tr	NNS	In that field , the invaders were pulling back .
tr	NN	The bullet left the chamber of my Colt with a sizzle and a loud metallic bang that never failed to amaze me at its intensity and loudness .
tr	NN	His booty consisted of four mess tins of beef and beans , two flasks of brandy , and three blankets .
tr	NNS	Gramps stared at Logan , though she couldn 't read his reaction .
tr	NN	Just as he 'd arranged , a speedboat was waiting at water 's edge , ready to assist them in their escape .
tr	NN	And much murmuring began .
tr	NNS	Rufus saw that it was green .
tr	NN	Love stared at the floor and the walls .
tr	NNS	Where had all these scenes taken place ?
tr	NNS	The electric motors cut back in .
tr	NNS	The media makes him out as a darkened psycho , an evil genius , or an eccentric mind led astray by the world .
tr	NNS	" Folks 'll pay a lot of money for a real shipwreck ... One guy wants the whole damn thing for the floor of his study .
tr	NNS	The elves backed away in silence .
tr	NN	The pedestal usually illuminated by the burned out spot had square corners , but they were free of blood or any trace of violent contact .
tr	NN	" Where is the laboratory ? "
tr	NNS	After the maid left them , the duchess turned to Alexandra .
tr	NNS	The bearings had seized up .
tr	NNS	The cabinets on the walls were clear and framed in aluminum , and were filled with video games , books , and camping gear .
tr	NN	The day is scorching , the lack of shade relentless .
tr	NNS	Headless , these movements quickly disappear . "
tr	NN	And if Charity found out about Mairi 's interest in the Greek billionaire , the bitch would likely create a situation to have Mairi fired .
tr	NN	His grimace was apologetic .
tr	NN	The stench of the burning was overwhelming , but the crew who were helping stayed the course with Daniel .
tr	NN	The scowl on Wes 's face was all the confirmation Lash needed .
tr	NN	And that chit who thinks she 'll have him .
tr	NNS	Looks like we 're here for the night so you might as well make yourself as comfortable as you can .
tr	NNS	He 's a widower who lives quietly , and as far as I know never raises a ruckus in Parliament .
tr	NNS	His followers joined him .
tr	NNS	The matching temples were a sure omen that world peace was on its way .
tr	NNS	The female members of the bride 's family had gathered early in the morning in Lilly Ann 's house to help her with her personal preparations .
tr	NN	His castle stands near this cliff and is forty times larger than my own that we are currently travelling to .
tr	NN	" The old sage revealed it .
tr	NNS	The members of the Board were such charming , reassuring people .
tr	NNS	When the news came back that it looked like suicide , the ripples moved outward very quickly .
tr	NNS	Others followed , because they were good followers .
tr	NNS	With a little patter , cat 's paws of rain appeared on the windshield .
tr	NN	Anyway , so the squirrel got revived from the hot coffee pretty quickly , and started squirming around in there like a fly in an anthill .
tr	NNS	Freaks surged as far as the eye could see , and they were exultant despite their weakness because they sensed how this fight ended .
tr	NNS	Things were beyond repair .
tr	NNS	Alexis enjoyed her immortality as did Nadia .
tr	NN	o Be on time for all practices , games , and SOS meetings and missions .
tr	NN	The pilot looked at the pulsating spiral on his LCD screen .
tr	NNS	The sculptures in there are his .
tr	NN	Sawyer 's announcement fell into a lull in his conversation with Hawk and Colin .
tr	NN	Yellow liquid spewed from them , thicker than their saliva , dripping on the ground .
tr	NN	The trickle of blood coming from the wound on his forehead eventually coagulated .
tr	NNS	Several bars and clubs sat side by side across from the short boat dock with a large crowd of people scattered throughout the area .
tr	NN	My grandmother really was immortal and she had to witness her mother sacrifice herself .
tr	NN	The warrior dropped his voice to a low whisper .
tr	NNS	You 're aware but not really , your inhibitions gone .
tr	NN	The Guild was dead .
tr	NN	Light applause filled the room as she sat down , obviously quite abashed by the extra attention this brought her way .
tr	NNS	Although everyone laughed , even George , most members thought it was a brilliant idea .
tr	NNS	My wrists screamed with pain from the stretch of the pulley and my weight pulling opposite directions .
tr	NN	" There 's a nature reserve where we can take a boat ride and check out the birds . "
tr	NN	With luck , this hunt would be more successful than the one going on in the court .
tr	NN	The mountain dwarfed anything she had seen so far .
tr	NN	This method had an additional advantage of providing comfortable resting places for snakes , where they could peacefully digest frogs .
tr	NN	Suddenly a crocodile exploded from the water .
tr	NN	A roar moved through the stands .
tr	NNS	Girls from my soccer team were always talking about them and I wanted to check it out for myself .
tr	NNS	" The pala drums are only music .
tr	NN	" There 's one option . "
tr	NN	As the river pulled them , the vine swung them towards shore .
tr	NN	The decapitated torso spun in the air , blood flowing from it like a sickening spiral .
tr	NNS	His siblings , Jason , and Emily 's parents all gathered around them , and Grady 's heart felt as full as it could possibly get .
tr	NNS	" The witnesses get a license plate ? "
tr	NN	shrieked Val as Jonathan turned her upside down and swung her through the air .
tr	NN	" The conflict is over . "
tr	NNS	And then there were the tunnels .
tr	NN	But an unwelcome and unwarranted stab of guilt held her back .
tr	NNS	" Things are changing around here , Max .
tr	NN	The premonition hit him before he stepped into the kitchen .
tr	NNS	" The servants were the most loyal .
tr	NN	A field goal was a school nearby .
tr	NN	" Yes Mistress , " the largest troll answered .
tr	NNS	Things like cars aren 't going to be running for much longer , Beth . '
tr	NN	She thumped to the ground , hard , her hip and shoulder striking packed earth .
tr	NN	Their very liberty was at stake .
tr	NN	" The government isn 't obliged to hunt down people like you . "
tr	NNS	" The shapeshifters don 't want you anymore .
tr	NN	The tractor did not come towards the site .
tr	NN	My pulse notched up another three beats per second and I tried to swallow down all the denial creeping up my throat .
tr	NN	But strangely , this writing looked older ; faded brown , barely distinguishable from the parchment on which it was written .
tr	NN	Some measure of consciousness that needed sugar or oxygen was running terribly low .
tr	NNS	Secondly , there probably are additional facts concerning this case awaiting his perusal of future articles that will shed more light on this whole affair .
tr	NN	" Does the word pub mean the same thing out in the depths of the universe ? "
tr	NNS	Ec stared at them , her bulbous eyes intense swirls of gold and black .
tr	NN	Her hesitation was just long enough to be noticeable .
tr	NNS	" There are traitors in the Corporation . "
tr	NN	The crewmen saluted and raced over , clambering in over the foot strip .
tr	NN	A prison poet read his verse , a comedy skit was performed , and Pat filled the space with recollections of his home on Christmas Day .
tr	NN	Five Aimee and I arrived outside the dirty white warehouse known as Spy Headquarters seconds to nine .
tr	NN	This time Dawn told him that she felt terrible and that it was like looking through a set of lace curtains at him .
tr	NN	The midnight gaze held a knowing amusement .
tr	NN	" Yeah , actually there 's a plaque like it on our house .
tr	NNS	Stacks and stacks of scrolls , ledgers , and loose papers filled the other chamber .
tr	NNS	The winds pushed hard against me .
tr	NN	The referee tried to separate them , but Valeria held on for a little longer , before the referee managed to separate them .
tr	NNS	Werewolves are the tough guys of the shape-shifting world .
tr	NNS	The goblins do not inherit their throne .
tr	NN	She jumped up , her weakness and fever forgotten .
tr	NNS	The cliffs are hundreds of feet high and make it pretty much impossible to climb down .
tr	NNS	Parts of me were missing because I 'd locked them up inside me .
tr	NNS	The craft shifted to one side then , moved away towards another location thousands of feet away .
tr	NNS	Maris moved her hands , and he immediately freed them .
tr	NN	For a moment , the robe seems to swallow me .
tr	NN	The pipe she was clinging to broke free from the roof , and then she was falling , sliding .
tr	NNS	The ram 's huge horns struck the stone slab with the force of an earthquake .
tr	NN	" Had a big night have we sir , " the policeman said to Matthew .
tr	NN	The orangutan warrior flashed his toothy smile , nodding vigorously .
tr	NN	The map shows us coming up on tribal land , but I doubt we 'll see much of historical interest .
tr	NNS	The lands to the east of the Provinces would be no different .
tr	NN	The thug climbed over the side of the speedboat .
tr	NN	Both smells reminded her of Kenny as a little boy .
tr	NNS	Marius looked down at them and frowned .
tr	NN	The tank 's down on the platform now .
tr	NNS	The aromas of the savory stew lingered .
tr	NN	" Perhaps a stroll around the gardens with your friend isn 't good for you .
tr	NNS	The shifters stopped , the furious dance coming to a stumbling halt as they , too , cast their gazes on the threatening sky .
tr	NNS	Flames spread across the ground , and I darted around the blaze .
tr	NNS	Gina 's ideas of cheering someone up always had something to do with food .
tr	NNS	" The fathers of our forefathers told of another Magus also groomed to be an advisor to Emperors .
tr	NNS	No matter how badly she wanted a happy ending , bad situations would always result in bad outcomes .
tr	NNS	There were two empty seats .
tr	NN	A dry cleaner was next door , and in the next building was the insult to our existence , the vampire registration office .
tr	NN	There was barely an inch or two separating our bodies .
tr	NN	The condition had spared his life more than once .
tr	NNS	The colors shifted in his vision .
tr	NN	A gleam of approval entered the old servant 's gaze .
tr	NNS	I was in my room , in my bed , striped comforter surrounding me , pillows piled everywhere .
tr	NN	the colonel shouted , using what he hoped was a universal lingo .
tr	NNS	Assuming they didn 't get chewed up and spit out by the firm , these junior associates would one day reach Sasha 's level .
tr	NNS	The differences , though , were profound , and McKie reminded himself of this .
tr	NN	the receptionist sounded surprised .
tr	NN	Before he could take a step closer , a spark from the sky flashed in front of him , throwing him to the ground .
tr	NN	Hopefully the tuxedo would help out with that .
tr	NNS	Her credentials would verify her as a scholar of antiquities .
tr	NN	" My ma and pa died of sickness , my brothers took off to parts unknown , and my sister went to California .
tr	NNS	Her sobs were getting more intense and the nurses began rushing into the room shouting .
tr	NNS	The zombies came into the house somehow , and my parents went to fight them off .
tr	NNS	There are other factors at work .
tr	NN	" The crown changes that .
tr	NN	" Couldn " t remember the password , sir !
tr	NN	" A pipe , a pipe , " the guy grumbled .
tr	NNS	However , there were limits .
tr	NN	I grabbed handfuls of her hair and let out a groan into her mouth as her h * ps began meeting each thrust .
tr	NNS	Polished white marble floors covered the expansive area .
tr	NNS	" In my room , letters to my parents ... " She groaned again , an animal-like cry of pain and fear .
tr	NN	Against the far wall , there 's a terminal meant for diagnostics , but maybe it connects to the rest of the station .
tr	NN	Our previous contract to build civilian spaceships was about to be renewed .
tr	NN	Gambling bones , hard tack , flint , an empty wine skin , and finally a golden bracelet emblazoned with a leaf .
tr	NNS	Images of Hunter 's broken body falling to the mat flashed through my mind .
tr	NN	Way to knock me off track in such a deliciously tender way .
tr	NN	The gunfire slowly stopped as my feet lifted off the ground .
tr	NN	The entire organization was working hard to expand their operations across the globe . "
tr	NNS	Myles couldn 't believe he 'd asked that question .
tr	NNS	Sirens grew louder , converging all around as emergency crews responded from throughout Charleston .
tr	NNS	Reyes released her as if she 'd suddenly sprouted horns and stabbed him with them .
tr	NNS	The other rats parted , allowing the red one to pass through .
tr	NN	The trick is finding them .
tr	NNS	After reading the instructions , the first containers they encountered would be those by the dais .
tr	NNS	There were plenty insults for all of us , both in intensity and in variety .
tr	NNS	There were Twyla 's paintings , all blobby blue skies and violently green grass and red houses with four square windows .
tr	NN	One bullet grazed his leg and another gouged out a wickedly painful groove in his left side just below his ribs .
tr	NNS	Demetrius walks into the house , caked with dirt from the fields .
tr	NN	The law degree hanging in the office she shared with Tracy Santiago Porter said as much .
tr	NN	( Especially not Jessica , come to think of it . )
tr	NN	A scowl darkened Reid 's face .
tr	NNS	" The drugs should be wearing off by now . "
tr	NN	Taylor 's wristwatch showed ten minutes after five .
tr	NN	Each port the ship would stop at would be full of things to do and places to see .
tr	NN	" Enjoy your celebration , " Sage said .
tr	NNS	There are just so many images crowding my brain , so many thoughts and memories and moments to relive .
tr	NN	The tiny cry came again then Celine saw it , a black and white kitten curled up in the root of a tree .
tr	NN	" Ok then , just let me know when you have a few days . "
tr	NNS	Two racks of costumes hung from wire racks .
tr	NNS	Inside rows of different styled leather jackets faced them .
tr	NN	His inability to move her hands effectively to the throat of the priest confounded him .
tr	NN	Our government may be corrupt , and the military can 't be trusted , but that doesn 't mean they should all die .
tr	NNS	Soldiers march up and down it , putting corpses on wagons pulled by horses .
tr	NNS	According to Brody , the sprites had taken up in the Amazon Jungle .
tr	NNS	" Things on my eyes , they bug me . "
tr	NNS	Thus had started Lucien 's demands , her mother 's pleading , Cosmo 's chuckles and Avery 's grins .
tr	NNS	Others - " " Demons can create worlds ? "
tr	NN	" That coin is still yours if you can direct me to the American . "
tr	NN	Quantum theory is complex because the current state of the world it tries to model is complex albeit to no great effect .
tr	NN	There was a frozen , tense standoff .
tr	NNS	The higher up the mountain we went , the more crowded the slopes were , and I relaxed a little bit .
tr	NN	The absence was killing me , making me pant for more .
tr	NNS	" Who are these fellas then ? "
tr	NNS	Thick forests and vines crusted over the mountain in an impenetrable mass , hiding its true heart from prying eyes .
tr	NNS	Dark sunglasses hide his eyes , but not his smile .
tr	NNS	Things suddenly felt too hot and heavy .
tr	NNS	Hendricks was the officer he had spoken to in the hospital when that nurse died - was killed - by Liz .
tr	NN	When Caleb moved closer , the pendulum began to heat up .
tr	NN	" Maybe prison will be able to help you out with that . "
tr	NN	The scaffolding for such a thing would be staggering in and of itself .
tr	NN	A thrill of excitement bubbled up inside her , and then he was there , striding toward her , tall and dark and handsome .
tr	NNS	Animals scattered before us .
tr	NN	the werewolf teased Weldon as he accepted the bag .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of shadow dwellers kept attacking her imagination as she looked out the dark window over a sink full of dirty dish water .
tr	NNS	Things just got a lot more fun . "
tr	NNS	Bugs asked , already knowing the answer .
tr	NNS	Animals don 't normally bother with them .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids fluttered shut and a soft moan escaped her lips .
tr	NNS	But those possibilities could only exist if there was this one .
tr	NN	No explanation of the word " he " was necessary .
tr	NN	For a small donation , the key master would use their key to unlock each temples entry .
tr	NN	The route Max had chosen was important .
tr	NN	The music master wilted , stepped back , and made a stiff bow .
tr	NN	" Ser Maynard has a bag of apples , " said Kyle the Cat .
tr	NNS	My proof readers offer valuable feedback at different phases as my draft is put together .
tr	NN	The spider scrambled past the bugs and drove through the host of crawlers to reach the surface .
tr	NN	A twig snapped , the sound echoing across the field .
tr	NNS	' Presumably some audience members hadn 't come to see one band over another so when asked chose us . '
tr	NNS	As soon as Iain was free of the protection of the truck , the demon lunged for him , jaws gaping .
tr	NN	The man 's posture shifted .
tr	NNS	The footsteps and hollering of the other looter got closer .
tr	NNS	Splintered boards , broken glass and bricks from the chimney all rose again , like a video in reverse , erecting the old manor house again .
tr	NNS	The contents of both packs were remarkably similar .
tr	NNS	" Plans going great , Lucas .
tr	NN	My uncle won 't follow me there .
tr	NN	Sparse applause brought her attention back into the room ; it was now her turn to present .
tr	NN	In the centre was a glass lens with something black and a halo of blue around the edge , which constantly dilated and expanded .
tr	NN	The design was Spartan , with black text on a white background , and no graphics or font highlights to assist in the reading .
tr	NN	A scuffle to get into the car .
tr	NN	The garbage kept getting grosser and grosser and scarier and scarier .
tr	NNS	The fresh cookies and muffins in the window sang to me .
tr	NNS	Hungry silver ghosts flew out the windows and around the wheels .
tr	NNS	" But the lies stop here .
tr	NNS	The differences are difficult for your mind to accept .
tr	NN	There 's a chamber pot for pissing and shitting in the room .
tr	NN	' The cord hurts us , yes it does , it hurts us , and we 've done nothing . '
tr	NN	In the case of Edith Moseley , one sentence had produced an emotional and psychological landslide .
tr	NN	A stone sculpture arched over the pass , black and foreboding .
tr	NN	It 's something Monarch taught me .
tr	NN	A massive tapestry flanked one wall of the London auction house .
tr	NN	From the north , a rider came pounding up the road , spurring his horse , then sawing on the reins to bring it to a halt .
tr	NNS	Even now the servants are watching us .
tr	NNS	Furious whispers immediately filled the air , but Thomas couldn 't make out a word anybody said .
tr	NN	The Sphinx blinked at him .
tr	NNS	Buck 's nostrils flared .
tr	NN	" Well , The sweetheart should look killer on you , plus you 've got long legs and this baby will make 'em look even longer .
tr	NNS	Her helpers were moving even faster now , cutting the cord , working on the baby , Darius very much in the forefront .
tr	NNS	Others were running toward them now .
tr	NNS	Suddenly there were no meetings .
tr	NNS	His black trousers had a burgundy stripe down the outer seam .
tr	NNS	Her instincts had been right .
tr	NN	A feeble croak escaped his lips , then abruptly he was breathing again .
tr	NN	The audience cheered and applauded .
tr	NN	Anna Valmont 's smooth British accent answered it from the other side of the next grate .
tr	NNS	One by one , the ceilings were falling , the floors were cracking .
tr	NNS	There were some hand-embroidered pillows arranged on it , and the effect was very pretty .
tr	NN	" Happy birthday , brother , " he says .
tr	NN	Then the candlelight flickered .
tr	NN	The homicide investigator crossed her arms .
tr	NNS	The survivors gathered , some governments combined .
tr	NN	There was a naughty little sparkle in his eye .
tr	NNS	Others resembled extra-terrestrial transporters with similarly giant proportions .
tr	NN	" This particular canine has a bladder volume of 150 milliliters .
tr	NN	The Book might be Ethan 's only chance to get back to me .
tr	NN	Part of her wanted to laugh , but the other part of her was worried about Maggie .
tr	NNS	The countess will want you to meet her at least once more before the ball . "
tr	NN	' We 're in the process of an investigation and I wonder if I might ask a few questions , ' Love said .
tr	NN	" The bus depot was a breeze compared to this . "
tr	NNS	Screams filled my ears .
tr	NNS	Sirens cut through the air , as a steady pulse of red and yellow flickering lights blink through the night like a seizure .
tr	NN	" Her cancer 's back . "
tr	NN	The cottage remained silent all morning and through the afternoon ( though I did doze off for twenty minutes or so at noon ) .
tr	NN	Connie 's pulse beat faster as she realized she was starting to hear herself think .
tr	NN	" I don 't like this , " Gypsy growled .
tr	NNS	The triangles knew quite a bit of the nature of war and fighting , but they had never practiced it , and were clearly at a disadvantage .
tr	NNS	Romulus tightened his grip on the Silent Deal .
tr	NN	The trio stared after her in shock .
tr	NNS	The chains do the work . "
tr	NN	The local lord free to kill the husbands , husbands free to rape and kill their wives .
tr	NNS	Without offspring , our species will become extinct . "
tr	NN	" It 's the middle of the day " " They 're all at Vai Place , I assume , " answered her grandmother .
tr	NNS	The servants kept every goblet filled .
tr	NN	" There 's an entry here from my father , and his brother , Arden .
tr	NN	There was no objection from Pratt and Cox continued .
tr	NN	The trick , of course , was never to let anyone know how much it hurt .
tr	NN	The seer didn 't take his eyes off Roth .
tr	NN	A chorus of cheers went up with that declaration , a deafening roar from the hundreds of barbarians gathered .
tr	NNS	The remaining wolves called retreat .
tr	NN	" Never , " said the hawk , circling the mountain and preparing to leave .
tr	NNS	The twins exchanged a pained look .
tr	NNS	Others had gathered around us , but none seemed daring enough to approach .
tr	NN	A bitter chuckle escaped .
tr	NN	My first instinct was to ask a dozen questions , but something told me time was an issue .
tr	NN	Part of me wanted to look for Silk , but the rational self knew she wasn 't here .
tr	NN	" A commoner or a countess , " the Warden said , " I speak the same . "
tr	NNS	Dragons don 't become martyrs .
tr	NN	A light shone from one of the front windows and Cat peered through the drizzle , trying to catch a glimpse of Sean inside .
tr	NN	" Contact on the right flank ! "
tr	NN	The lust in his eyes made Elora shiver .
tr	NN	The fiend tossed me , and I skidded to the middle of a room .
tr	NN	Then , the cracking creates its consistency and a constant crack sounds , a c note on the major scale if I am correct .
tr	NNS	Besides , the roads are not fit for traveling . "
tr	NN	My honor is at stake .
tr	NNS	Things were back to normal .
tr	NN	" Even if that is the case , your theory does not make sense .
tr	NN	Her snort told him she wasn 't buying his fishing expedition .
tr	NN	" A legend , " he said , " but he had the same problem as you . "
tr	NNS	The drinks came quickly as before , soon followed by the food which she placed at the empty table .
tr	NN	The ease of the answer surprised Jackson .
tr	NNS	The fountains began to glisten red as they sprayed into the air .
tr	NN	When the doors closed again , the white backdrop revealed a figure dressed in black .
tr	NN	Their fur seemed strange , as if woven from yarn , and their eyes appeared to be made of little marbles .
tr	NNS	" Well then , congratulations are in order . "
tr	NNS	But those appearances were few and far between .
tr	NNS	The nostrils are more rectangular than oval .
tr	NN	A tremor raced up my spine and pricked my scalp .
tr	NNS	Jett 's accommodations looked much more like a presidential suite , with at least four luxurious bedrooms and adjoining bathrooms .
tr	NN	That Second Chance Series consists of stories about strong women who battle heartache and loss with courage and determination to find new paths and true love .
tr	NNS	Things you 'll like .
tr	NN	In front of the shadow of the enormous cross on the interior of the building was a small altar flanked by two short rows of narrow pews .
tr	NN	Nicolas 's organization planned to take control of the reins to human history by using the augmented individuals like draft horses .
tr	NN	By comparison , the prayer shawl you 're doing is easy . "
tr	NNS	Black spots started forming in her vision .
tr	NNS	The starters see the rosy picture .
tr	NN	" You need a bigger gun , " Jazz said , and laughed .
tr	NNS	Most modern costumes for women , whether they were witches or nurses or even Alice in Wonderland , were far more revealing than her dress .
tr	NN	My uncle was still looking at me .
tr	NN	Your kindness has healed me .
tr	NNS	His storytelling abilities , I must say , rivaled his military genius . "
tr	NN	The highway , which had been declining in size , lead to the right of it .
tr	NN	Love opened his door .
tr	NN	There is a greater goal in mind .
tr	NN	Every inch of my body lit , flames licking through my veins and blazing in my stomach .
tr	NNS	Slowly , my surroundings crystallized , and I regained control .
tr	NNS	Things were a little hazy after that .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of Francis plagued him .
tr	NN	That short-lived gratitude at his intervention didn 't stop her from shooting daggers at him as she lifted herself into the truck .
tr	NNS	These sessions were annoying , certainly .
tr	NNS	Things seem to be going along rather well from where I sit . '
tr	NN	When he was still , the naked eve would pass right over him .
tr	NNS	The sensation lands in my belly like a bolt of lightning .
tr	NNS	Kids from his own school call him Byron the Bastard .
tr	NN	Or should I say , in this tale , the heroine wants to know what it looks like . "
tr	NNS	As I go , ripples in the water cause it to shift and move .
tr	NN	I gave up on standing and watched the city for a couple of hours , my weakness had overcome me .
tr	NNS	The cliffs out of which his river had broken through the cave were not of ice , but of some kind of translucent rock .
tr	NNS	The ghosts and I are trying everywhere .
tr	NNS	Dean 's eyelids lifted , and I thought through his words .
tr	NN	Your ridicule means as much to me as your respect , which is nothing .
tr	NNS	There was a tightness in the tendons of her neck , and her nostrils flared at each breath .
tr	NN	" Thanks for not freaking out about that and totally making me even more stressed about my untimely , imminent demise , people . "
tr	NNS	More shouts -- probably his own -- were coming from the rear of the house .
tr	NNS	The six letters in Steve 's last name had inspired the conversation .
tr	NN	His rope was at the bottom .
tr	NNS	" Your leaders must be very harsh , indeed . "
tr	NN	His h * ps jerked against mine , shuddering hard as his c * ck flooded my womb with his warm release .
tr	NN	The steam coming from my soaked body chokes my nostrils and stops me taking a deep and satisfying breath .
tr	NN	The passion in their relationship was growing more powerful , too .
tr	NNS	When they were asked to individually describe the driver on their respective sheets of paper , subtle differences emerged .
tr	NN	" The south bank ? "
tr	NNS	My eyelids feel heavy as I try to lift them , and when I turn to the voice I feel warm breath on my face .
tr	NN	Part of her appreciated his efforts .
tr	NN	Hey , a fan can dream .
tr	NN	The pipe went back into his mouth , and complete silence settled on the room .
tr	NN	A priest was waiting for us inside the doors .
tr	NNS	As she stared at the ceiling , her eyelids became heavier , and she allowed her eyes to close and the darkness to pull her under .
tr	NN	My first instinct was to stand protectively in front of Sofia .
tr	NNS	In the palace preparations for the counterattack were proceeding , but it was not until the day prior that others in the palace noted the increased activity .
tr	NNS	The fleas are sort of troublesome , but not as much as ice is . "
tr	NNS	His siblings were asleep , but Noam and Ezra were still awake .
tr	NNS	Video cameras hummed from multiple locations , but without disturbing the proceedings .
tr	NN	An image selection panel directly in front of her , along with numerous computer controls .
tr	NNS	The surroundings were familiar - this was the records room at the top of the north tower .
tr	NNS	The space gates , the portals connecting the star clusters , took care of that problem .
tr	NNS	The crows moved with me and there I took refuge .
tr	NNS	Dangerous Beans was still facing the newcomer .
tr	NN	A pep talk courtesy of herself , one that worked .
tr	NN	The pond deepened , going up to her chest .
tr	NNS	No , those attributes were only the icing on the cake .
tr	NN	" Milk and one sugar , please . "
tr	NN	" The former basketball player , " I corrected .
tr	NN	" Morning , how 's it going , hun ? "
tr	NNS	Things don 't just disappear ... do they ? "
tr	NN	The liquid corroded his skin , burned through his flesh .
tr	NN	The sedan screeched to a halt several car lengths past Anna .
tr	NN	The stake had driven through my chest , but missed my heart .
tr	NNS	Wood frames strutted above the soil , exposing sections of the ship 's ancient flooring .
tr	NN	What was a genetics student doing breaking into a secure military facility to steal some old medical files ?
tr	NNS	The other races , I couldn 't stop them from dying out , but I could save my family 's own human race just in time .
tr	NN	Now with my shock abating , the investigator in me was surfacing .
tr	NNS	His fierceness had returned full force .
tr	NN	" What about the boy who 's the night watchman ?
tr	NN	When she reached for it , uncertainty flickered in his eyes , but Danni didn 't say anything .
tr	NN	The scar on the right side of his face broke his visage in two .
tr	NN	" And fifty of your conquests , " she muttered .
tr	NNS	A slight noise downstairs distracted him immediately .
tr	NNS	Orders Greg to the others from above me , and then he jumps down , landing beside me .
tr	NN	A small beetle fluttered its wings from between Aidan 's spiky hair .
tr	NN	The tube assisting his breathing came next , from concern that the drive to breath might become compromised from the damage to the Pons region .
tr	NNS	Therefore , Chad 's hopes remained high that she might go with him .
tr	NNS	The restaurant signs were in equal parts left-to-right English and right-to-left Arabic .
tr	NNS	The countess took a sip and rolled it across her tongue before responding .
tr	NNS	Five renowned research centers around the world have made a startling announcement today .
tr	NN	The lieutenant looked affected by the general 's statement , as if he were mulling his options .
tr	NN	The crash would have triggered an automatic GPS alert .
tr	NNS	His cheerleading efforts helped her ignore the pain and fight harder .
tr	NN	This little weasel has been all over the server . "
tr	NNS	His overalls looked homemade , sloppily patched together from rough material .
tr	NN	" Love doesn 't last forever .
tr	NN	The lack of light was suddenly no longer a problem as I saw everything in brilliant detail , and recognized the death lurking within the shadows .
tr	NNS	" Have the covens found the demon who did this ? "
tr	NN	A pattern was forming .
tr	NNS	Things needed to change .
tr	NNS	My eyelids closed hopelessly and I let myself collapse again .
tr	NN	The raven flew out with her and led the way in the dark of night .
tr	NN	" Come in , Jeff , " the shrink said .
tr	NN	The mumbling of voices outside grew to mere whispers when the sound of a flute filled the night .
tr	NNS	At that same time , the nuns of the Daughters of the Goddesses had come to bid the group farewell .
tr	NN	18 Kellen awoke in a daze .
tr	NN	The deputy stepped around Alex and into his patrol car .
tr	NNS	Who were those figures ?
tr	NN	His h * ps moved again , surging forward , burying himself even deeper .
tr	NNS	Four axes fell , and four heads were sheared free .
tr	NNS	And zombies don 't exist . "
tr	NN	The priest moved swiftly to the entrance .
tr	NN	There 's a steep shelf -- ' He trailed off , lost in looking at her face , as though it was from a dream .
tr	NNS	The blistering winds cut through his body as he stood , waiting .
tr	NNS	" His campaigns are the only reason my parents agreed to let me come west and marry here .
tr	NN	The Sphinx scratched its mane with a claw .
tr	NN	A pit of fire and roiling lava churned at the bottom of that hellish drop .
tr	NN	The captain poured himself another cup of tea before leaving the dugout .
tr	NNS	Their expressions told her she was in for it .
tr	NN	The leprechaun leader measured her for a moment , his expression unsympathetic .
tr	NN	Was this conflict really because of her ?
tr	NN	From its spit over their campfire , the small turkey that had been slated to be their dinner began to writhe .
tr	NN	Plus , there was an extra added bonus to her working for the family .
tr	NN	Love , Holly Finally , I know what I have to do .
tr	NN	Roark danced his sword silently , keeping an eye on the woman as well as he could .
tr	NNS	His kisses trailed along her jaw line and along the curve of her neck .
tr	NN	' This one was provocatively dressed , ' the high priest said .
tr	NNS	Ryder 's eyelids fluttered and then opened .
tr	NN	The huge flat screen TV was playing the news on mute and Aunt Syl was in her closet on a phone call with the hospital .
tr	NN	A sickening thud followed immediately .
tr	NNS	The cramps were so terrible that I 'd gotten put on the pill by seventeen .
tr	NNS	The lift and the landing for the first two jumps had to be right , the paces in between perfectly measured .
tr	NN	" Yes , you should go pack your bags Victor , the Fall term starts in one week . "
tr	NNS	The gates were open , and I hastened to my mother 's house .
tr	NN	The butcher answered , " Everything in my shop is the best .
tr	NNS	And as the mouse had warned , the wayward ghosts and other spirits were loose and closing also on the Church .
tr	NN	My annoyance disappeared into a fog of self-pity as I stepped out to my car .
tr	NN	Sweat and fear chilled her in the dark .
tr	NNS	" So the myths say .
tr	NNS	" First thirty letters are silent . "
tr	NNS	" Or what the consequences will be . "
tr	NN	Black steam rose from the demon 's scorched body , smothering the theatre with a rotten flesh stench .
tr	NN	Each church van held ten passengers , the left over persons climbed into the individual cars .
tr	NNS	Chills spread throughout my entire body .
tr	NN	Virtually every plant and a fair number of the birds and animals are either narcotic , or poisonous , or both .
tr	NN	Like scattered ripples on the ocean 's surface , the cascade of colors reminds Serena of the king 's own scales .
tr	NN	This justification had never quite cut it for me .
tr	NN	* * * Sage , the two mountain men , and the wagon master met at Margarita 's for breakfast .
tr	NN	Dry washing his hands the troll glanced about the room .
tr	NN	And my blush deepened .
tr	NNS	He was leaning over , his forearms resting on his thighs , fingers laced .
tr	NN	After that , the warrior got up , threw on his gear , and sprinted down the opposite side of the hill , disappearing into the forest .
tr	NNS	There was something feline , something not altogether human in that movement .
tr	NNS	The other three captains noticed , too .
tr	NNS	Any changes in the empire 's order are likely to tip the balance of power .
tr	NN	" My secretary said that I was expecting you . "
tr	NN	" The only ones worth saving are Parton and Chelsea and Jane .
tr	NN	" A researcher named Brandt published a catalog of items .
tr	NN	The majority of the original fine craftsmanship that had been maintained through the years remained intact .
tr	NN	A thrill of pride spread through him .
tr	NNS	Waves of rumor started to perpetuate through the school like a violent wind swaying long and slender grass in the field .
tr	NNS	Where are the servants ? "
tr	NN	A regular teacher 's pet .
tr	NNS	These creatures were not those that kept close .
tr	NN	Part of me loved that he felt something for me .
tr	NNS	The front seats and the glove compartment held nothing unusual .
tr	NNS	Besides , my witchy skills were down the drain .
tr	NN	The yelling gradually faded into soft whimpering .
tr	NNS	Freeing her hair from the thong that held it , the locks tumbled over her shoulders , deep black and so rich it looked moist .
tr	NN	The angel closes her eyes as she visibly relaxes and mumbles , " Finally . "
tr	NN	Their chuckles were contagious , and they surged throughout the station , spreading from one cluster of people to the next until everyone was laughing at Dobson .
tr	NNS	Words dipped in sugar .
tr	NNS	" Things don 't always work out the way they 're supposed to . "
tr	NN	The pilot himself had gone over , hadn 't he ?
tr	NN	We ' l catch up after lunch . "
tr	NN	She held the cup with both hands , the tremor made circles in the dark liquid .
tr	NNS	Their actions appeared hastily planned .
tr	NN	But the scar would have been different then , deeper , redder .
tr	NN	But Lexi 's guilt and remorse , always floating inside of her , were rising now .
tr	NNS	The slumped figures huddle together .
tr	NNS	Her cheekbones are more pronounced than before , thanks to her new exercise routine and a restrictive diet .
tr	NN	His language was out of control as he again glanced around , looking for spectators .
tr	NNS	There 's those legends and rumors of fabulous beings out there , but I never believed them .
tr	NNS	The two detectives watched as the pair of feet entered the hospital , paused , before turning left towards the gift shop .
tr	NN	The mop of blond curls bounced as he jumped to the foot of the bed .
tr	NN	His proclamation had the desired results , however .
tr	NN	Then , one day , my uncle left her .
tr	NN	The defense forces in uniform comprised perhaps a fifth of the congregation .
tr	NN	My pulse is throbbing in every part of my body when I feel him move up to pull my tank top over my head .
tr	NN	The lamp in the corner is on , but the shade is off and on the floor .
tr	NN	" So how was my theory ? "
tr	NNS	Since she faced another way , my attempts were unsuccessful .
tr	NNS	If he was speaking the truth , her family members were dead - every single one of them .
tr	NN	Deanna 's lack of inhibition was one of the things that Theresa loved most about her .
tr	NNS	" What are the cards telling you ? "
tr	NNS	The wolves had torn the other three wheels apart under cover of night .
tr	NN	" Your pal is getting increasingly nervous , and has agreed to give us a DNA sample .
tr	NN	" The future dredging up the past , " Jake cryptically replied .
tr	NNS	The changes creep farther every day , like some kind of cancer . "
tr	NN	The doll had long blonde hair and I could picture my pretty Esther combing it as she laid her head on my lap .
tr	NN	The veil over her eyes lifted for just a second to disclose sadness before dropping with a hardened gleam .
tr	NNS	The vamps liked their hand gestures .
tr	NNS	This time we will have good reason , with little to no spirits to torment us , new lands will open up .
tr	NNS	Stacked in neat columns of ten , the coins covered most of the table he was sitting at .
tr	NN	Another avian species held sway on the ground .
tr	NN	The lodge remained largely empty apart from Lodge , herself , and the small number of staff .
tr	NN	Ajax 's torso strained to return to the podium , stretching its arms toward it desperately .
tr	NN	Where was my bra , my shirt ?
tr	NN	Sleep , " the dragon soothed .
tr	NN	There was some grumbling from his men because they 'd expected skillet cakes , not gruel , but he leveled a stern look on them .
tr	NN	Before Jace could duck , its tail shot forward with the speed of a striking cobra .
tr	NNS	A small humorless smile twisted her mouth .
tr	NN	The resulting tremor upset a pair of bowling balls settled precariously on its top .
tr	NN	Peptide nucleic acid was a protein like any other , capable of being an allergen as surely as dust or dander .
tr	NNS	My classmates , on the other hand , hang onto the professor 's every word .
tr	NNS	" Sean , your skills are up next .
tr	NNS	From the first , her instincts had told her that marriage , even a marriage of convenience , wasn 't to be taken lightly .
tr	NNS	" Ridgely is purportedly a gentleman , " the duchess snapped .
tr	NNS	Intricate designs covered the open spaces , highlighting the beauty of the warm brown wood beneath .
tr	NNS	" These cameras have audio . "
tr	NN	The spark in her eyes , the way she moved closer to hear something about them saddened me .
tr	NN	Ali sat quiet thinking about the situation , a palace maid came and served some tea .
tr	NN	Her bra had a front hook ; he handled it easily and peeled the thin cups away from her white , swollen breasts .
tr	NNS	Way off in the distance behind me , sirens wailed .
tr	NN	A Catholic priest , one of the few Christians aboard , offered the only thing he could .
tr	NN	The backyard sparkled , looking elegant and ethereal .
tr	NNS	Things hadn 't gone well in the warm-up and the rest of the session probably wasn 't going to be much better .
tr	NN	Inside it were fine silverware , forks and knives , candelabras , engraved plates , anything I could sell for food and shelter .
tr	NN	Reality had a different definition in Settler too .
tr	NN	But before I could reach out and touch it on my own , the maid spun around to face me .
tr	NNS	Others followed , and soon a thick stream of spiders was flowing out of the cave and gathering around us .
tr	NNS	There was nothing Marius could do . "
tr	NNS	Foot passengers from all over Pandora streamed out of the rear hatch , while two - and three-wheeled vehicles crowded the roadway .
tr	NNS	The possibilities were endless .
tr	NNS	The massive creatures were fleeing up the dry riverbed in wide-eyed panic .
tr	NN	Each strip was about a foot long , and they shot out from the body as if charged with static electricity .
tr	NNS	But his current demands are extreme enough that it could endanger the Rowan Land 's economy .
tr	NNS	The fears of our fathers now dawn on our age . "
tr	NNS	And last but not least cards failed to provide an adequate expression of my love for her .
tr	NN	Until yet another orgasm whipped through Jamison and she cried his name while she came .
tr	NNS	Even though he was her enemy , his kisses helped her past that detail .
tr	NN	" And your Rain Maiden is a haunted thing , a pipe dream , a nothing ! "
tr	NNS	Bottles and crates floated in the dirty water that flooded the room " Isn 't it obvious ? "
tr	NN	I did , Tristan 's deep growl rippled through my mind .
tr	NNS	The sneers began to wither just a bit after that .
tr	NN	Kaza 's sacrifice to his god could very well be at dawn .
tr	NN	There was a chorus of approval .
tr	NNS	" No more pig races , I hope . "
tr	NN	" All this ... " Kev continued .
tr	NN	But these days his honor was feeling decidedly tarnished .
tr	NN	The operator lowered the big blade until it was a few inches above the surface of the yard .
tr	NN	A high-pitched whistle fills the air , so loud and sharp that it causes my skin to crawl , like fingernails on a chalkboard .
tr	NNS	My eyelids are heavy and I 'm lying in a puddle of my own drool .
tr	NN	The cracked pavement rumbles under our truck 's tyres .
tr	NNS	Images of forest animals amongst drooping trees dotted the large expanse .
tr	NNS	Three rows of curving balconies led back into the bowels of the ship and watched over the bay with dark eyes .
tr	NN	The liquid filled the emptiness in her stomach and fanned warmth through her body .
tr	NN	The bastard just sneered and poked her chest again .
tr	NNS	" Folks around here certainly do seem to be happy about something , alright ! "
tr	NNS	" And the club members will help her through it . "
tr	NN	That side yard had been like a soggy marsh for years until that tree began to grow , and boy did it grow fast .
tr	NN	Her birthday was sometime just before the onset of winter .
tr	NN	Part of me will always ache for him .
tr	NNS	Their squeals got the attention of dozens of other people , all of whom suddenly pulled out their phones to take pictures and text their friends .
tr	NN	A rainbow appeared on the horizon .
tr	NN	The camisole was her bra so she wasn 't wearing anything else underneath .
tr	NN	The damage from the first one had ravaged his heart , and he could never allow himself to be that vulnerable again .
tr	NNS	Things a married woman shouldn 't do .
tr	NNS	Those strings were wrapping around him , tighter and tighter , with every second that passed .
tr	NN	Out of nowhere a cow flew out of the clouds to just speed through the air around the Gremlin a few times .
tr	NN	Aria saw Soren 's hands pause for a moment as he swayed , balance unsteady .
tr	NN	First , though , there was the impertinent Bureau leader to negotiate ... ' Altair , my friend .
tr	NNS	These rabid creatures take pleasure in the demise of men and feed from their very souls .
tr	NNS	His thumbs tip my chin up and for one heart-stopping second , I think he 's going to kiss me .
tr	NN	Its ratty tail elongated , turning hairless and also growing scales .
tr	NNS	The other competitors climbed out of the pool and glared enviously at her .
tr	NN	" Best wishes , Ms. Thorsen , " the porter said as he helped her down the steps .
tr	NNS	Why would gnomes be so lackadaisical about their duties ?
tr	NN	The only progress that they could make was to throw the engines in reverse and fire them on full power .
tr	NNS	Her bright purple fingernails matched her lips and skirt .
tr	NN	Her back yard was mostly beach sand with some scraggly grass popping up occasionally .
tr	NN	A couple of minutes later , Love was sprinting back to the car to where Stuart was waiting .
tr	NN	The second mate cried aloud , " God all mighty .
tr	NNS	The villagers were unsure of their sanity as this new troop of soldiers suddenly appeared in their once quiet village .
tr	NNS	" Some lunch ladies found me .
tr	NN	The cast-iron pot smashed into the creature 's head , cracking its skull like an egg .
tr	NNS	The zombies , only a foot in front of him , toppled to the ground , sliced into tuna container sized pieces .
tr	NNS	An accidental step lands on a piece of rubble , causing a scrape of shifting stone to echo through the silent room .
tr	NNS	The servants cooed , wiping mud from the woman 's skirts and suede shoes .
tr	NN	Silver or gold , perhaps , or maybe the one that glowed like an ember .
tr	NN	" A product liability suit ? "
tr	NN	All the passion and fire that had filled the stormy outbursts and tantrums of her girlhood came into full play .
tr	NNS	Two zombies were edging closer to Eva , who looked annoyed more than anything .
tr	NNS	But his hits weren 't precisely random .
tr	NN	The angel grinned as it lifted a shining blade and pointed it at the creature , who staggered backward in shock .
tr	NN	All that mattered was finding April and bringing her home .
tr	NN	Dirk 's partner shoved him to start moving .
tr	NNS	But eventually the cookies and milk disappeared and Grandma stared at me .
tr	NNS	The carts , which had initially protected them , were quickly becoming their tomb .
tr	NN	My escort motioned to descend the stairs .
tr	NN	My daddy would have tanned my hide if I brought home a boy like that .
tr	NN	The entire surrounding environment shook .
tr	NN	His white T-shirt stood out in the encroaching night like a flare .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids fluttered shut , and she had to stifle a groan of pleasure .
tr	NN	The shooter at the cabin might have been doing the same .
tr	NN	The mountain flattened out to reveal a vast rocky plateau covered with boulders and debris .
tr	NNS	Looks like that information has to remain between the two of us for now . "
tr	NN	A silken , almost hypnotic voice entered her head .
tr	NN	The chanting resumed , presumably to build suspense and allow her point to sink in .
tr	NNS	Now , thick , black cords wove within her dark aura .
tr	NNS	The gunmen continued to point their weapons at the bewildered scientists , and the bewildered scientists passed terrified glances between themselves .
tr	NNS	Hands suddenly gripped my shoulders , hauling me to my feet .
tr	NNS	As far as she is concerned , her visual faculties are intact .
tr	NNS	The floors were gleaming wood , the high ceilings girded by ancient beams of thick oak .
tr	NNS	The ogres roared in dismay .
tr	NN	How deeply had that scar sunk into his psyche , into his soul ?
tr	NN	The sheriff had cleverly revealed that the two of them were being closely watched by the police .
tr	NN	The spotlight is still on us .
tr	NNS	Here and there shots would go off , several every second .
tr	NNS	" Do your sunglasses have x-ray qualities ?
tr	NN	The cart hit a stone and was airborne for a moment before crashing back down on the road .
tr	NN	Another orgasm washed through me , this one coming in waves , a crest of ecstasy thrilling through me with each thrust of his cock .
tr	NNS	There are rats in my walls . "
tr	NN	Every inch of his face was bright red and purple and mushy , except for his nose and lips , which were black and charred .
tr	NN	With both boxers in the middle , the referee started to go over the rules and asked them to have a clean fight .
tr	NN	The government will take care of the rest .
tr	NN	The main docking bay was underneath the ship , near the back .
tr	NNS	" You can 't use these tomorrow , the codes won 't be any good . "
tr	NNS	But the four captains also demanded that he safeguard their interests .
tr	NN	" Long story short , our race is dealing with a plague down there .
tr	NN	The bullet had passed through Bathory 's body before it struck the wolf , carrying her blood with it .
tr	NNS	Hephaestus set his hand over hers , ignoring Ares 's glares .
tr	NN	These texts are from the book of Exodus , the wisdom left to us by the original founders .
tr	NN	" My uncle has , and I 've lived with him since I was ten and my parents went East . "
tr	NNS	As hours passed , terrible explanations started to trickle in , expand , take over rationalizations .
tr	NNS	Goss , on the other hand , had smiled and said , " She 's got a great ass , like an athlete .
tr	NNS	Sure enough , the flakes were falling thick and soft , creating a perfect Christmas scene .
tr	NNS	Maybe the fans sounded more responsive than they actually were .
tr	NN	" The airport is only an hour away , meaning there 's bound to be some noise .
tr	NN	An elegant gown in a soft lilac color rippled around her body like water , while a thin silver belt looped around her waist .
tr	NNS	For an instant all the images blurred .
tr	NN	The principal ducked and stepped through the low portal .
tr	NNS	The squirrels twitched their tails and scuttled out of her way .
tr	NNS	The others stalked the building , searching for a hidden enemy , blades and guns raised and ready for action .
tr	NN	" I ' l go along , and I ' l just wait outside for you . "
tr	NN	The jaguar snarled , shifted into half-human form .
tr	NNS	Their tongues slow danced .
tr	NNS	The screen door slams shut behind me when I walk inside .
tr	NNS	The ads would run every other day for ten days in ninety markets from coast to coast .
tr	NNS	Bugs gritted his teeth .
tr	NN	For a moment , the harshness of his statement shocked her .
tr	NN	" A full assault with every vampire and werewolf we have would end this war .
tr	NNS	Things may have changed outside , but certainly not that much . "
tr	NN	No , there was no scar there .
tr	NN	Glock , when he heard about the situation from Ricky , volunteered to act as a guide .
tr	NNS	Things just seemed to fall into place , and Ryan adding the White House was totally unexpected .
tr	NNS	Images rushed through his mind , memories from a time before the garden , relics of another realm .
tr	NN	Every nerve ending in my body comes to life .
tr	NN	" I 'll be danged , " Link marveled , earning himself a swat on the head from Aunt Mercy .
tr	NNS	In reality , world governments are merely a means for the peoples of the world to interact with those who actually control it .
tr	NN	The skeleton is heavy on top of me , weighing me down .
tr	NNS	" Those bikes are going to need a lot of help before they 'll run again . "
tr	NNS	Riding a bike up the steep Seattle hills was a challenge .
tr	NNS	Sentinels from the other cars were close behind them .
tr	NNS	The creatures were closer now , blending with the environment .
tr	NNS	Two spots of red stained his cheeks .
tr	NNS	Looks of delight danced on their faces .
tr	NNS	Even the clerks and the court reporter looked edgy .
tr	NNS	" The consequences would be dire .
tr	NNS	There are no signs of life anywhere , and she wonders what such a construction could mean out here away from the common flow of human discourse .
tr	NN	But the audience wasn 't likely to be receptive .
tr	NNS	The tentacles wrapped around my hands , squeezing , giving what reassurance they could .
tr	NNS	The strings were old and worn , though when plucked they sang out with depth .
tr	NNS	Seventeen members of the council were werewolves , including Dennis .
tr	NNS	Words nag at my brain until I finally turn to Abe , putting my hand on his arm .
tr	NN	My spine prickles as the window near the fire escape groans .
tr	NNS	Two cases of copy paper , ten thousand sheets , sat next to the bed .
tr	NN	Afterward , the guilt nearly destroyed me .
tr	NN	The captain of the freighter climbed in beside him .
tr	NNS	Girls bit their lips or picked at their cuticles , probably hoping this awkward moment would end soon .
tr	NN	Public transport would allow him to hide in a crowd .
tr	NN	The Wolf pup stood in the Private doorway , watching him .
tr	NNS	Other zombies would try to steal the food away , and then the creatures would fight over it , driven mad by the taste .
tr	NN	Inside the chalice , lightning and black mist performed a slow , swirling dance .
tr	NNS	Nerves rarely raced through my body , but they were having a field day as I waited to pop the question .
tr	NNS	" All members are present , my Queen . "
tr	NNS	The twins were freshmen in high school and Jude had already begun to research colleges .
tr	NNS	" The wolves didn 't count their half ... they thought they had them all .
tr	NNS	Sharply toothed gears were passing by at terrifying speed , just inches from her face and head .
tr	NNS	Things are bad enough as they are .
tr	NN	' Exactly , ' Love said .
tr	NN	Even his tumble in the curl had been spectacular , though she certainly wasn 't going to tell him that .
tr	NNS	Thin wisps of smoke drifted from my hand .
tr	NNS	The bulbs vanished ; the plants fell back into the flower bed .
tr	NN	Your mascara is waterproof , but it 's not magic .
tr	NN	" A fight Keita would have lost . "
tr	NN	The texture of the worms was soft and chewy at the same time .
tr	NN	" And that Kristen chick has been stalking me al day . "
tr	NNS	But now images of Jane are rushing through his mind far more powerfully .
tr	NNS	The air currents hit annoyingly against his face .
tr	NN	Above them , all chanting stopped .
tr	NNS	The wolves were kicking things up a notch .
tr	NNS	Age spots and thick lines marked his face , and the stench of booze clung to the man .
tr	NNS	The wolves are still ... in some unrest .
tr	NN	My birth had not been cause for celebration for anyone in my family .
tr	NNS	The clock digits shone in neon green .
tr	NN	The goal is to build enough momentum to actually get my entire body into a standing position .
tr	NN	There 's something solemn about him , something quietly accepting , but not too thrilled about the current status of our relationship .
tr	NN	" Hey , " her rescuer said , louder this time .
tr	NNS	Where do these tunnels lead ? "
tr	NN	My pulse picked up speed , and a rush of excitement washed over me .
tr	NN	A stab of pain shoots through my chest .
tr	NN	The whole setup felt wrong to him .
tr	NN	On the very top inside the box there was a notebook titled " The World of the Unknowns " .
tr	NNS	Sirens blared in the distance when I came out of the house .
tr	NNS	Where Maya can 't reach five foot without the assistance of heels , anything more than two inches puts me over six .
tr	NNS	The baths were in a cavernous cellar beneath the west wing of the Citadel .
tr	NN	Burnett 's scowl deepened .
tr	NNS	On the left side were individual seats that could be swiveled and locked into place .
tr	NN	A cough grabbed my chest as I sucked in a breath , scrambling to my feet .
tr	NNS	Words I never thought would come from my lips .
tr	NN	" Mr. Manning , " his secretary yelled after him .
tr	NNS	Lots of equipment covers the walls .
tr	NNS	After that , more and more footsteps sounded , moving back and forth and all around my position in the Dumpster .
tr	NN	The mascara that once covered my eyelashes had migrated beneath my eyes .
tr	NNS	Laser blasts erupted from the Greyhound to herald the true start of the match .
tr	NN	It ' l be better this way .
tr	NN	" Yes , " the 9-1-1 operator said .
tr	NNS	There were no long strings of cars at the taxi stand and the roads were almost empty , too .
tr	NN	Would the market be strong or soft and would he make his year-end bonus .
tr	NN	" The detector works by sensing radio transmissions .
tr	NN	another rogue gasped , cursing .
tr	NN	" Ok , so why do these witches want me to have this magic ? "
tr	NN	The second drag proved even more exhilarating .
tr	NN	Finally the bass player took to the floor tom with two drumsticks .
tr	NNS	Marius hurried over to it and set Haven in the back seat after the door popped open from the inside .
tr	NN	" The PMCs profit off fear .
tr	NN	The pendant at her throat caught the overhead electric light , reflecting it back to him in miniature rainbows .
tr	NN	A chorus shouted in his head .
tr	NN	( The word ' cardinal ' has nothing to do with ' Cardinals ' in the Roman Church .
tr	NN	A shriek sounded from down below .
tr	NNS	Three slivers of golden light trickled from the ceiling and onto the floor .
tr	NNS	However , some elves remained to help where they could in cleaning up the now postponed ceremony .
tr	NN	Lust flared in his eyes , and he clutched the sheets on either side of me .
tr	NNS	White images like film negatives begin to develop between the curtains , like curtains on a stage or a movie opening from the center of the screen .
tr	NNS	Others , like your grandmother Lucy , are not so lucky . "
tr	NN	The torrent flowed from the Harrison Pump Station and out through the breach by the north pump station .
tr	NN	The mortal mugged Marguerite and we followed the phone here . "
tr	NNS	Images filled my inner vision , startling my mind and renewing the little shocks of electricity running through my awaking muscles .
tr	NN	All the patrons were now outside the bar .
tr	NNS	Looks like they gave you a huge dose of that stuff , and your body gets kind of used to having it in your system .
tr	NN	His pleading made it difficult to stay miffed .
tr	NN	There was an illustration of a bird with long wide wings .
tr	NNS	Usually , her dresses were more on the revealing side , but this dress was elegant .
tr	NN	His secretary quietly asked from the darkness beyond her small office window .
tr	NN	There was not the slightest pretense .
tr	NN	The sun 's reflection glittered over the blue water .
tr	NN	A great Bishop and leader of men was one of these .
tr	NNS	Claire 's defenses slammed into place despite the little voice inside her head that warned her not to offend Laurel .
tr	NN	The kindness he showed to all , his bravery .
tr	NN	The thief was light on his feet , and Tavi could barely keep up .
tr	NNS	Just as she reached the hut , wolves unleashed on the herd .
tr	NNS	The associates could dine there twice a year , only twice - and records were kept - and then only at the invitation of a partner .
tr	NN	The barn owl , displaced when the building flew apart , fluttered to a rest on the edge of the foundation .
tr	NNS	There remained too many variables , too much unknown and unexplained .
tr	NN	The majority were wearing the distinctive uniforms that identified their employers on sight .
tr	NN	The author greatly appreciates you taking the time to read her work .
tr	NN	* * * ' Hey , ' Love said .
tr	NN	Maria 's posture began to cower .
tr	NNS	The ladies always found him attractive , though the Lord knows why , for to me he seemed a pallid , weedy , insignificant looking fellow .
tr	NNS	Educational institutions were havens for liberal thinking .
tr	NNS	The solutions were so simple that I felt my mind was dulling .
tr	NNS	" The twins , " Alexis said .
tr	NNS	Wrestling fans everywhere cried , " Triplets ! "
tr	NN	The jaguar nuzzled MaryAnn 's hand .
tr	NN	Link bounced the bal from one hand to the other .
tr	NNS	The bits of them that were human were sloughing away .
tr	NNS	" The wolves are swimming away ! "
tr	NNS	She sat up from the cold rock floor of the cavern , her bearings lost .
tr	NNS	Two other competitors each hit 14 of the 15 rings .
tr	NNS	That night the gangs had not been out at all .
tr	NN	The gloom of the attic settled in on her .
tr	NNS	Marius saw the image again of the two red-haired women kneeling before the funeral feast .
tr	NN	The standoff lasted for several minutes before the alien machine again turned and continued on its previous path .
tr	NNS	The consequences of someone finding out about this power were too troubling to risk .
tr	NN	He watched close up as her eyes grew round , her scent enveloping him , her delicious fear coating his throat .
tr	NNS	" These images are anything but random .
tr	NNS	For a student who has been here less than a month , your abilities continue to amaze me .
tr	NN	" Yes , yes , yes , " said the first secretary .
tr	NNS	The colors fell against the forms , and a familiar scene emerged .
tr	NNS	Their motives are confusing but some have said they collect realities in an attempt to try and save them from The Spiders Of Time .
tr	NN	So Aaron here , at age 18 , has a PhD in Psychology and Jacob a PhD in Physics .
tr	NNS	One by one , the free lands fell into despair .
tr	NN	His sensitivity to them rivals Samuel 's . "
tr	NN	Constantly dwelling on it , having Crouch 's card in her pocket , was driving her crazy .
tr	NN	In the end , only his education remained .
tr	NN	The thrill of the hunt , perhaps the most fulfilling part of the killing ritual , swept through Gruber .
tr	NN	The mountain was about twenty miles away .
tr	NN	" No , Yama , there is only the Self .
tr	NN	The stench of garlic probably scared them off , too .
tr	NN	The texture of the terrain tells me how ... aggressive my attack needs to be .
tr	NN	Your apparent distaste is refreshing . "
tr	NNS	Two Guardians stood beneath a small overhang , manning the entrance .
tr	NN	Every nerve ending in her skin flickered .
tr	NNS	Her movements were like a cat , smooth and silent with her eyes fixed on Lyssa .
tr	NNS	Cadmus held fast to me and I gripped the Phoenix ' neck as we flew a wide arc above the river .
tr	NN	The crisis had come and gone , because when it came down to it , the Mackenzie men were unwilling to distress their women .
tr	NNS	Not because it set me on fire in ways even twenty thousand romance novels could possibly describe .
tr	NNS	Not something Trevor ever would have thought he 'd catch himself considering .
tr	NNS	Things that looked like the demented ghoulish thing Storm had followed .
tr	NN	" My private lair beneath Victoria 's house . "
tr	NN	The gray snake brushed aside Ramon 's clumsy parry and seized him by the shoulder .
tr	NN	" What is the status of the negotiations ? "
tr	NNS	" But my instincts say it isn 't him . "
tr	NN	The term is bisexual . "
tr	NNS	Hendricks made a growling sound in his throat , checked the rest of the room , and said , over his shoulder , " Clear . "
tr	NNS	His usual evening activities would begin with a late departure from work , followed by a few drinks at the Victory Hotel .
tr	NN	The extra mass will serve us well by enabling us to be more effective in nudging the comet off course .
tr	NNS	The known and inhabited planets on our side of the map are white colored .
tr	NNS	Her surroundings became clear , from the empty pool to the shifting of leaves , a similar sound to the one she 'd heard earlier .
tr	NNS	Unlike religion , there is nothing sacred in science -- except for evolution , of course .
tr	NNS	The members seemed to like me too .
tr	NNS	No planes were taking off .
tr	NNS	There were six glass bars surrounding the club .
tr	NNS	Your programs are just going around in circles .
tr	NN	" Or vice versa . "
tr	NNS	And the ladies had taken her back to her room .
tr	NNS	" All those vamps just wailing on each other .
tr	NNS	He wore the finest brocades , drank the best vintages , and wooed -- or coerced when necessary -- the loveliest ladies to his bed .
tr	NNS	There were even CDs by the singer Tom Jones , with photos of Tommy taped across the covers !
tr	NNS	Headstone doorways had handles resembling skeleton bones .
tr	NN	The rhythmic clang of creation at the smithy poked at the early morning calm .
tr	NNS	The philosophers assure me that this is the time , that the signs have been met .
tr	NNS	My clear inner eyelids shut out of reflex rather than need , a telltale twitch of mine whenever I feel really boiled .
tr	NN	Her loyalty and Jed Fowler 's was what had kept him out of jail this long .
tr	NN	A fire pit was just off the path , and behind it was a clearing with two small huts .
tr	NNS	Its gates represented something I couldn 't quite put my finger on ... " It 's good to be home , " Ian told Charles , sighing .
tr	NNS	Their deaths had robbed her of everything she 'd ever had .
tr	NN	Over the top of all of that was a white apron .
tr	NN	But vanity was a bitch and I liked my hair long .
tr	NNS	My journeys in future will be as those we have walked in the Spider Garden ; communion with nature without translation . "
tr	NNS	Her actions had triggered a great deal of change , or , Mrs. K had to admit , had solidified the changes that were already taking place .
tr	NN	" Where 's the third kitten ? "
tr	NNS	A few sentences into the conversation were enough to know the answer .
tr	NN	If it comes back positive for an unknown , then yes , my uncle raped me . "
tr	NNS	The footsteps kept coming , right up to the front pew .
tr	NNS	With dusk approaching , the gaps between the rows were even darker .
tr	NNS	His forearm presses into my throat and he puts his pale face close to mine , his lifeless black eyes filling my vision .
tr	NN	" This map doesn 't tell me shit . "
tr	NN	There was a slight tremble in her voice although her gaze was steady .
tr	NNS	Alexis smiles as she looks upon the chaos she has caused .
tr	NN	The vacuum cleaner silenced and he still hadn 't convinced her .
tr	NN	Yellow police tape was still strung across the door .
tr	NN	His thick mushroom tip springs out as soon I pull the boxers down .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of Garrett had haunted Emma all day .
tr	NNS	Several other pirates are also feeling the twang of steel on their back sides .
tr	NN	Of course , the silver dragon 's was nothing to sneer at .
tr	NNS	The raindrops were escaping from the furious flashes and wanted to find a safe place inside the train .
tr	NNS	Folks have been working with them for thousands of years though , because it 's easy to sense that there 's some power in them .
tr	NN	The leader looked down at him .
tr	NNS	" Things are getting a bit awkward . "
tr	NNS	Janelle 's sneakers sunk into the wet sand as a chill swept through her .
tr	NNS	The ladies Mike had promised arrived right on cue .
tr	NN	Worry and fear dominated , but there was something else - something that took her an extended moment to analyze .
tr	NN	" Fine , " said the unicorn .
tr	NNS	All the members had this tattoo .
tr	NN	Her coven must be losing their shit wondering where she was .
tr	NNS	Her associates didn 't know about her past .
tr	NNS	As he crouched to see what was wrong , her eyelids fluttered open .
tr	NN	The pound of footsteps suddenly echoed and the flames several feet in front of her parted .
tr	NNS	Moses commanded men to honor their parents , but he never explained why .
tr	NN	Therefore , an insecure proprietor .
tr	NN	The grandmother sat in a corner of the curiosity shop , in a dress elaborately braided from small strips of leather in a riot of earth tones .
tr	NNS	Any sudden movements and he is dead , and he knows it .
tr	NNS	" Not after the residual effects are over . "
tr	NNS	Bugs questioned with doubt .
tr	NNS	Then the rockets on the ground will lift off . "
tr	NN	Love pulled his wallet out , opened it and flashed his badge .
tr	NN	Zane 's slow drawl was light , but I could hear the warning in his voice .
tr	NN	The liquid encasing her arms made it harder to control her movements , but the creature seemed mostly focused on her head .
tr	NNS	Waves of increasingly brighter light extended from the ship toward Earth .
tr	NNS	" There were prints , but they didn 't tell us too much that we didn 't already know .
tr	NN	Her distinct lack of welcome disturbed him .
tr	NNS	Soon , with luck , the antibiotics will start to control the pneumonia .
tr	NN	His uncle had called Dale 's cell , so he 'd pulled over at a truck stop on I-40 East to answer .
tr	NN	A bullet , pen , condom in the other .
tr	NN	" During the Cold War , the concept of recruiting and training operatives at a young age was not an uncommon practice .
tr	NN	The haze cleared quickly from the storm 's fierce wind .
tr	NN	The affinity I feel in this wild state is stronger than anything I 've ever felt in my " real " life .
tr	NNS	Her designs are always in demand . "
tr	NNS	Others made a show of dominating their slaves , everything on display .
tr	NNS	Things are moving fast .
tr	NNS	My associates may not like that , but I don 't care .
tr	NNS	The actual images of the video began to grow indistinct and a revisiting vision arrived .
tr	NN	A swirl of fire flies orbited the space in front of her innocent face .
tr	NNS	Looks like he 's been working in Tucson for the past year .
tr	NN	The spider rushed at him , the pin hook deep in its body .
tr	NN	Thus , the government will not be generous in welfare and social programs .
tr	NN	The vent split , going left and right .
tr	NN	" The crazy bitch that looks like the group leader is looking for something in their Toyota .
tr	NNS	The coils tightened and she screamed again .
tr	NN	Still , after two miscarriages , the panicky flutter in her heart refused to calm .
tr	NN	" Your grandmother hid the truth from you .
tr	NNS	Her nostrils flared and her eyes widened .
tr	NN	" The headquarters is here ? "
tr	NNS	Earth 's two billions will have to go back to work for a living and the pipe dream of immortality will remain a pipe dream . "
tr	NN	rectangle high up on the right showed a silvery something creeping over the Redoubt 's walls .
tr	NN	The puppet master was not going to let Brice go so easily .
tr	NN	The first bullet hit his shoulder with a silent , sickening tear .
tr	NN	For the last ten miles , the same dark sedan was hanging back , keeping a steady pace .
tr	NNS	Girls came by their table , flirting and giggling , mooching off their drinks instead of buying their own .
tr	NN	From the 10th to the early 16th century , development in the northern centres and the cities of the northern lowlands in Yucatán continued to flourish .
tr	NN	Though he sat calmly now , the chase had left him sweaty which filled the room with a faint odour .
tr	NN	Her gag was down , too .
tr	NNS	Things seemed to work pretty well , and I was satisfied that I was very lucky . "
tr	NNS	The olives look like pebbles on the branches .
tr	NNS	All my efforts had produced nothing .
tr	NNS	He sits so close , my pulse races as the back of his hand inadvertently brushes mine .
tr	NN	" Our leader thinks you 'll be useful to our effort . "
tr	NN	On the screen was a map of the world .
tr	NNS	" There are no directions here .
tr	NN	Another dark thrill jolted through her , making her pussy wet and her nipples harden with an unwelcomed anticipation .
tr	NN	The sheriff turned and faced his young officer .
tr	NNS	The scenes looked to be repeating themselves .
tr	NN	Finding no Sadie , the lightning surged on into the Ninja which had been coming at her with his sword raised over his head to strike .
tr	NNS	Without warning the abyss yawned again ; hungry and inviting .
tr	NN	" The Keep is his lair .
tr	NN	A rustling from the shrubbery in front of them told them that someone was coming towards them .
tr	NNS	" Those ghosts live right here .
tr	NN	Another bullet hit his right leg and he dropped to the floor of the elevator .
tr	NNS	Dragons have overtaken the castle .
tr	NN	In several human religions , there is a similar concept ; you would loosely call it heaven .
tr	NNS	The auxiliary tunnels have seen fit to allow small crafts and crews through , in part , but large military vehicles and equipment may soon be deployed .
tr	NN	His tuxedo was fairly typical .
tr	NN	The artery leaping beneath her touch was doing so at much higher than seventy beats a minute .
tr	NN	' Well , thank you , sergeant , well done , please go and - ' ' His name was Horace , ' added the sergeant helpfully .
tr	NN	Lightning slashed across the sky , sizzled and danced , hit the ground in thunderous fury .
tr	NN	Gil 's pulse skidded to an utter and complete stop as he gazed across the front room of the bunkhouse at the darkly gleaming window .
tr	NNS	The kerosene fumes were overwhelming .
tr	NN	Hot guilt boiled up inside her .
tr	NNS	All colors , those who are seasoned , who have gone on raids and handled themselves well in war and therefore have proven themselves .
tr	NN	' The water 's freezing , remember ? '
tr	NN	My adrenaline was pumping .
tr	NNS	Nerves prevented her from really enjoying it at first , but Titus ' genuine smile put her at ease and relaxed her .
tr	NNS	" The prayers I prayed tonight were between me and God .
tr	NN	" You were here for evidently more than a minute , " Kevin calmly replied .
tr	NNS	Hands moved quickly , freeing buttons , undoing snaps and zippers and in seconds , they were naked , entwined tightly together on the living room floor .
tr	NNS	No warning signs popped out of her emotions .
tr	NNS	Her companions were different this time .
tr	NNS	There were ghosts , but no one knew what really happened when a supe died a true death .
tr	NNS	Chapter Fifteen For the first time in months there were no demands on my phone from Eleanor the next morning .
tr	NNS	Black letters appear on the screen .
tr	NN	" Ok then lad , fair enough .
tr	NN	The acid erodes your throat , burns through your stomach , rots every piece of flesh it contacts .
tr	NN	The secretary , Kate , jumped up from her desk immediately , clutching a handful of files , and followed her down the short hallway .
tr	NNS	As they stood there , the gates closed behind them and Monika shivered , as she got the feeling that this was a cage .
tr	NN	A unicorn will surely come strolling around the hedgerow now .
tr	NNS	Words spilled from his mouth into hers .
tr	NN	The intruder seemed to have vanished .
tr	NN	" Or tea or ice cream or something else if that 's not your thing . "
tr	NNS	Suddenly , two familiar figures appeared around the bend .
tr	NN	A few cuts and bruises is all part of the process , ' Love said .
tr	NN	There was no mistaking what she meant .
tr	NNS	Search warrants were very specific , and since Dean didn 't drive , the judge hadn 't allowed Finch to include the vehicles .
tr	NNS	A few drops of water fell on the floor .
tr	NN	Her bodyguard status had annoyed the sibling .
tr	NN	There 's another layer .
tr	NNS	His pupils are huge and shiny beneath the stadium lights and his untamed breath caresses against my cheek .
tr	NN	" Ok , give me the particulars . "
tr	NN	The hunt had already begun .
tr	NNS	If it was night , the torches would appear .
tr	NNS	Far better actors had started with far less .
tr	NNS	Alexis explained to her how fortunate she was that Xavier put himself on the line for her .
tr	NN	Their reasoning was their schedules weren 't going to get any better from here on , so they might as well go for it .
tr	NN	" There 's a certain charm in a building like this . "
tr	NN	For every word he couldn 't say , his iron spoke for him .
tr	NN	That bastard was reaching through time and space , tugging at her like a marionette .
tr	NNS	And what factors were there that played a hand in my condition ?
tr	NNS	Two more blurry figures shot forward .
tr	NN	A sob choked her throat as Will 's face flashed across her mind .
tr	NNS	Light fixtures swayed precariously .
tr	NN	The turret killed one of his monsters .
tr	NNS	The large metal containers in the kitchen , she thought , that 's what he 's heading for .
tr	NNS	" The media will be a distraction for you guys , too .
tr	NNS	The gates slammed shut behind him .
tr	NNS	Some traits breed very true .
tr	NNS	Then there were the two outside professors .
tr	NNS	The one Rusty had bought for him and had told Donovan that he hadn 't wanted her to know he hadn 't eaten .
tr	NNS	Things might have gone well if first voice hadn 't stepped into my line of vision .
tr	NN	The secretary watched with a shocked expression as they ran down the hall .
tr	NN	But the parasol in the box before him was a travesty .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of the few nights I slept in Marco 's bed run through my mind .
tr	NNS	The changes in behaviours of the people before and after the reveal was significant and not in a good way .
tr	NNS	My secret hopes dashed as Gabriel comes toward me , his expression grave .
tr	NN	Directly ahead , surrounded by spurting fountains , an enormous stone sculpture depicted some bizarre form of abstract art .
tr	NNS	Maybe then her sales would go way up .
tr	NN	There wasn 't an inch of fat on him anywhere , and she should know considering she had explored every part of him during the night .
tr	NNS	There were no strains of music or slamming doors .
tr	NNS	Looks like it 's up to me , and I could really do with some company . '
tr	NN	The third tank was further aft of the engines .
tr	NNS	Holden 's servants were well trained and swift about their duties .
tr	NNS	The countess shoved her out the door .
tr	NNS	Both bikes received several beatings from the snow-covered potholes .
tr	NNS	Questions Greg after a while .
tr	NN	The captain seemed to enjoy the thought of reliving his exploits , especially to three ladies such as these .
tr	NNS	Two pairs of brown eyes stared back at him .
tr	NN	Her reflection glared at her from the recesses of the mirror .
tr	NNS	Most ladies of breeding sang or played an instrument .
tr	NNS	All those innocents slaughtered without a second thought .
tr	NN	On the screen the operator had already taken over ; there was no time lag .
tr	NN	The turf that rose seemed to pop up and ask , Why me ?
tr	NN	The trio walked for several minutes before reaching a vast room .
tr	NNS	" When the camera goes on , my pupils are probably going to look like two little pinholes .
tr	NNS	The colors lifted their spirits as the skies were cleansed from the gray of smoke and haze of the previous days .
tr	NN	His Grandfather gave his imprimatur to the decision .
tr	NN	Author 's Note The next book in the series Declaration is scheduled to be released soon .
tr	NN	Even a tiny cottage by the sea in this part of the world was far beyond her reach now .
tr	NNS	Physical actions and voices were essentially normal as bodies adjusted to movement .
tr	NNS	Soldiers saw wavy distortions in the air as something strong , violent , invisible traveled through the air at light speed with tremendous heat energy .
tr	NNS	Virgil 's eyelids felt like sandpaper against his eyeballs .
tr	NNS	Five figures stepped out of the mists .
tr	NNS	At the same time sirens sounded .
tr	NN	His master had sent him after a girl .
tr	NN	The maid nervously twisted her hands together , as if already regretting the fact she had revealed her mistress 's secret .
tr	NN	A multitude of people helped me in the lengthy process to bring that to light .
tr	NNS	Others saw the danger now .
tr	NN	Only loyalty to the Order might have kept Aaron quiet about the various things he 'd seen and come to suspect .
tr	NN	A roar of fury erupted .
tr	NNS	The streetlights were on as the setting sun dipped down low on the horizon .
tr	NN	Mark 's nerve suddenly broke .
tr	NN	" To the fine art of saving asses . "
tr	NNS	Looks like signs of a struggle too sir ' .
tr	NN	" He 's not bluffing , " insisted the leader with a mixture of admiration and annoyance .
tr	NN	Her entire body language was wary and she paused , setting her spoon back into her stew . '
tr	NN	The stench of death was everywhere ; its noxious toxins seeped into my nose and mouth , almost making me vomit at every step .
tr	NN	A grimace added more wrinkles to Anita 's heavily lined face .
tr	NN	Even her stint with the semi driver who 'd driven her to Phoenix seemed more like a dream .
tr	NN	Her other option was to go to the hospital .
tr	NN	" They left the house early this morning , " a relative said .
tr	NNS	His thumbs brushed over her lips .
tr	NNS	Corrine knows that every time a witch intervenes in the manner that she did , there are always consequences .
tr	NNS	There were footsteps ... and then a siren .
tr	NNS	Cole curses again , " Look , I 'm sorry , I shouldn 't have said that .
tr	NNS	The countess blocked the door .
tr	NN	The concentration was tiring , but it could hide nothing .
tr	NN	From afar the page is awash with charcoal , but looking closely I can depict each object .
tr	NNS	There were no guarantees .
tr	NN	A hospital aid peeks around the curtain from the hallway .
tr	NNS	Adventure was two hundred yards away , its sails unfurled to the morning air .
tr	NNS	With every breath , his gaping nostrils seemed to drain the chamber of air .
tr	NN	The prophecy will bring her to me . "
tr	NNS	The changes come gradually , as logic and rationalism assert themselves .
tr	NN	Storm told me because she cares about you , and she wants you to get help .
tr	NN	On the M40 before Banbury the chart rundown began .
tr	NNS	The authorities are here , and they are demanding to speak with you .
tr	NN	The German shepherd 's tail was waving frantically as he headed for Cassie .
tr	NNS	Also , the drugs they use to control my pain and mood sometimes make me see things .
tr	NN	" What the bloody hell , " the first mate swore as she bit him .
tr	NNS	Tall bookshelves fill one corner of his office , stuffed with books and papers .
tr	NN	" Who the fuck is that chick ? "
tr	NN	Part of it was his good looks , but part of it was that I never expected to see him again .
tr	NNS	The materials are dazzling .
tr	NNS	But her ghosts have moved on .
tr	NNS	Alexis stared out the window and wondered what she ever did to deserve being happy .
tr	NNS	There were paintings on the walls , crystal chandeliers , and marble pillars that rose up to a white ceiling above .
tr	NNS	Would these creatures become more aggressive ?
tr	NNS	Knowing the guards will take care of the sound , the ladies turn to respond to Pierre .
tr	NN	There was a harshness to his voice that frightened her .
tr	NN	Almost fifty Face Cloths copied from the Shroud have been found which were hidden by members of the Templars .
tr	NN	The priest smiled broadly and reached for both of Eveline 's hands .
tr	NNS	" What are those creatures that are hunting us Cade ?
tr	NN	The familiar video was the very first item on the list .
tr	NNS	Officials charging towards us with battle cries maybe .
tr	NN	" Ok , if you change your mind , text me . "
tr	NNS	Words wouldn 't come , so Savannah sat in the chair by the bed and watched her mother 's chest rise and fall with each breath .
tr	NN	The second stack , the part of the deck he had left on the table , was the stack she dealt .
tr	NN	The pilot reached out and touched Henry 's arm .
tr	NN	The audience shifted restlessly .
tr	NN	" Put the weapon down , " the high priest said .
tr	NNS	Your colleagues will never forgive you .
tr	NNS	After blinking a few times , the figures of her mother , her father , and her sister remained firmly in place in front of her .
tr	NNS	Several hundred mantis warriors flowed along the top of a bluff , one of the ridges overlooking Garrison .
tr	NN	The texture of the ground was like recently dried mud , covered in a pattern of cracks that reminded me of one of my jigsaw puzzles .
tr	NNS	A few couples lost in their private worlds sat around the room .
tr	NN	" To the Dark Side ? "
tr	NN	The priest bowed his head .
tr	NN	Moonlight shone on the tangle of giant driftwood piled up on the coarse gray sand .
tr	NN	The commander gave ample hints that it would be unpleasant but offered no particulars .
tr	NNS	The rows ended , and we found the trail leading to the main road .
tr	NNS	There were multiple storage cabinets and a big sink .
tr	NNS	Thick metal bars composed one side and the front , including the hinged gate that allowed access .
tr	NNS	The bars were keeping him from her .
tr	NNS	The ramifications took long minutes to sink in as I sat perched on the edge of my bed .
tr	NN	Where is the ice cream and rivers of chocolate ? "
tr	NNS	" Your pearls - ! "
tr	NNS	The words Wings of Destruction just popped into my head and something inside me wants to say them . "
tr	NN	And the damn cow couldn 't possibly pull such a massive and inert load .
tr	NN	Surprisingly , his thin skinny , brows aren 't the bushy mess I would have expected .
tr	NNS	The zombies stand guard .
tr	NN	The van was freezing .
tr	NNS	And there were bars .
tr	NN	His charm and looks had persuaded me to jump into bed with him soon after we met .
tr	NNS	Marius got out of his dune buggy and slowly approached the house .
tr	NNS	The colors of purple , pink , and orange seemed to be living and moving .
tr	NN	A fedora lay low on his brow .
tr	NNS	Looks like this conversation is going to happen at the corner of Awkward and Embarrassing .
tr	NNS	For me time the three companions stood still and silent , troubled by this new stroke of ill fortune .
tr	NN	Love flooded her heart , an intense love , surprising and miraculous , because of the chains that bound her to Adrien .
tr	NNS	" How do the professors handle doing this every day ?
tr	NNS	The facts weren 't in yet .
tr	NNS	There were cottages and duplexes on the beach , as well as motel units .
tr	NN	The captain said I should assist you . "
tr	NN	There was a jar of honey , as well .
tr	NNS	Four cameras dangle from the ceiling , one at each corner of the table .
tr	NN	the attorney asked incredulously .
tr	NN	That unit was empty when ... when I left , so I hadn 't thought about a new tenant .
tr	NN	Sam 's misery was so vibrant in my mind that I thought I would wrestle with that torment like an insomniac .
tr	NN	The praise made me blush .
tr	NN	Sweet cream brushed the tip of my tongue and I tried to lick it , but it pulled out of reach .
tr	NNS	Bright flags and standards decorated the great outer wall , which shimmered with opalescent sparkles .
tr	NNS	" Some artists use a brush ; I use a wrench . "
tr	NNS	The political leaders became petrified as they realized their worst fear .
tr	NN	The elder Dwarf told me that I should join Auron and here I am .
tr	NN	The present value of these deficits and unfunded obligations is $ 46 trillion .
tr	NNS	The sirens were louder now .
tr	NNS	Vibrant colors are shifting and changing .
tr	NN	The cowboy gave the lawyer an icy glare .
tr	NN	Scanning the area for his horse , Link spots young Colin jogging over to greet him .
tr	NNS	" Things seemed really tense at your house when I picked you up . "
tr	NNS	Suddenly thousands of colorful butterflies appear overhead .
tr	NNS	Squires motioned , " Come on , Catfish .
tr	NN	" Well the student is now better the master . "
tr	NN	A soft hoot accompanied the grip .
tr	NN	A tremor of hope washed over me .
tr	NN	Neal 's Metallica T-shirt was on top , moving ; she pulled it out of the way .
tr	NN	Ferry propelled her toward one of the forward control couches and they strapped in .
tr	NNS	Things like a tender hand in his hair when he woke up .
tr	NN	A small lamp flickered and danced on the short table beside her , illuminating her stack of musty books .
tr	NNS	" These desserts aren 't serving themselves . "
tr	NNS	Their brightly colored dresses and festive hats were at odds with the gloomy surroundings , and gave them the look of caged birds at the zoo .
tr	NNS	The third image showed the youth stretching up to the window bars , his wrists still crossed in restraints at his back .
tr	NN	" Jace is here to coach you , " the captain said .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , the next few images are a blur .
tr	NNS	Where were their teachers when they planned to kill ?
tr	NN	" Hope you enjoy your new pet , " the receptionist called .
tr	NN	The goat is dead . "
tr	NNS	And then those shiny credits would be in her bank account and she could kiss this life goodbye once and for all .
tr	NN	Dove flattens her ears back to her head but doesn 't move .
tr	NNS	Maddy pointed to a pair of stone figures mounted on the roof of the building .
tr	NNS	The paleness of the King against his black features made him look sinister and dark .
tr	NN	The werewolf laughed even harder .
tr	NNS	The two little unassuming letters make me cringe .
tr	NN	The knight blinked , giving Sage a solemn look .
tr	NNS	Where are the seats ? "
tr	NN	" Phase two of the training program begins .
tr	NN	Despite there grunting and moaning , even the Dead noticed the unusual noise , turning their crusty heads skyward to find the source .
tr	NN	The shawl smoked heavily and burst into flames .
tr	NN	A black van - cargo , not mini - turned the corner behind them and proceeded slowly up the block .
tr	NN	" My wife and I will depart for Hawthorne in the morning after we arise , " the duke was saying .
tr	NN	This teacher , who seemed more than human , transfixed me as I took a seat on the floor like everyone else .
tr	NN	His manner , suddenly wooden and overly polite , indicated any camaraderie had come to an end .
tr	NNS	Had my fears come true ?
tr	NNS	Angelus didn 't notice .
tr	NNS	Water users sent high-powered blasts of water at their dummies , knocking them over in one blow .
tr	NNS	Flames licked out in every direction , the blazing ribbons whooshing and spitting and hissing so that the monster looked like Medusa with fiery snakes .
tr	NN	A smallish skeleton lay on the table with a sheathed sword placed reverently on her chest .
tr	NNS	Somewhere lovers met for the first time after talking online , touching each other 's faces with amazement .
tr	NN	The redhead rose slowly .
tr	NN	" Of course I am , " Melanie absently agreed .
tr	NN	A hesitation came across the line .
tr	NN	My nerve failed me .
tr	NN	There was a thickness , a deliberation , behind Pilcher 's words .
tr	NNS	My chains rattled as I caught it .
tr	NN	The captain looked at him .
tr	NN	Jeff 's heartbreak was palpable .
tr	NN	Heat and something much more intense passed between them until a car honked , breaking the moment .
tr	NNS	Stagnant pools of noisome water reflected the black of coal smoke and the dreary sky .
tr	NNS	The hallways in the lab still confuse me .
tr	NN	The timbre of his voice had changed .
tr	NNS	Misty looked down at him , at his hard , square jaw , firm cheekbones , forehead now creased with dirt .
tr	NNS	" Then why are my skills so lacking ?
tr	NN	But the arrest was a walk in the park .
tr	NN	The lack of feeling in her words told Lee that she was speaking , for once in her life , the truth .
tr	NN	A click signaled that he 'd disconnected just as she heard her husband coming up the stairs .
tr	NN	With no functioning government , chaos ravaged other areas of Somalia and clan fighting became widespread .
tr	NNS	Things were getting out of her control .
tr	NNS	Lights whizzed past me , twinkling in and out of focus .
tr	NN	Where was Caroline 's uncle ?
tr	NNS	Two dwarves manned the lightning cannon .
tr	NN	A jaguar had pounced upon a capybara beside a stream and was busy taking its fill of the large rodent .
tr	NNS	The opponents pulled away as their steeds circled around for another jousting match in the sky .
tr	NNS	All indications are that he still owns it . "
tr	NNS	Bugs threw his belongings on one of the lumpy mattresses as Timmy dumped his on another .
tr	NN	The tip of it touched the soil , forming a tent of branches and dried leaves .
tr	NN	There was no explanation on where mages had come from , only that they were .
tr	NN	She stood up , the firelight reflected off her glistening body .
tr	NN	The obvious lack of an immediate threat eased his fear as it stoked his concern .
tr	NN	The tall blond asked .
tr	NN	When he smiled , there was a dimple in his chin .
tr	NN	When I started that way , the captain gripped my arm hard like a vise .
tr	NN	Like the kitchen , the pantry was empty .
tr	NN	On the edge of the bed , the small white kitten stretched out on its side .
tr	NN	Then one last thrust , and almost was now .
tr	NN	" My uncle , " I replied back , with a tone that dared any of them to belittle me for it .
tr	NNS	The insects swarmed at the bulbs .
tr	NN	The brown snake is a nocturnal snake and likes to hide in small , quiet places during the day .
tr	NN	The recording from the inner camera produced a faint sound , a sigh , as the house creaked , preparing to defend itself .
tr	NN	" His Jeep went by your house twice yesterday evening . "
tr	NNS	Wood chips rained to the floor as the door split open .
tr	NNS	With time and weather the boards had faded into a pale brown , pretty much the same color as the other farmhouses around Black Oak .
tr	NN	" Where 's my bagel ? "
tr	NNS	The zombies turned in unison and stared at the little car in bewilderment .
tr	NNS	My paws had no intention of wandering anywhere else .
tr	NN	The snake opened its mouth , revealing two fangs the size of my hand and , past them , a yawning black hole .
tr	NN	" What if all that hardship merely kept my true nature at bay ?
tr	NN	A clown with a bloody chainsaw came back offstage .
tr	NNS	The servants either became used to it or found a calmer place of employment .
tr	NNS	Your dinner meetings are boring . "
tr	NN	The chaos of the room was breaking into the bubble I imagined surrounding us , and I was grateful Mary was trying to calm everyone down .
tr	NN	There was a mob on the docks , all clamoring to leave Vicksburg . "
tr	NN	Every single subtle move he makes .
tr	NN	My inclination would be not to worry her about something she 's unlikely to have , and which wouldn 't kill her anyway .
tr	NNS	" And the beautiful ladies sitting on my other side . "
tr	NN	The unit was an old one and it was powerful in these times of war .
tr	NNS	Both ideas were so far outside the realm of possibles that she couldn 't even think for a moment while her mind processed those two items .
tr	NNS	A-list actors like Marshall Kent , was out of my league .
tr	NNS	The grasses had cushioned her fall somewhat , but she felt a stabbing pain in her lower back .
tr	NN	And then my adrenaline kicked in .
tr	NNS	Things had just turned in our favor in about seventeen different ways .
tr	NN	But his shrieking kept the mist away , and with it , any danger to himself .
tr	NNS	If all went according to plan , his money worries would finally be over .
tr	NNS	Things can change . "
tr	NN	The porter nodded and passed me a copy of the Daily Telegraph .
tr	NNS	Others chose to believe the lie .
tr	NN	Was the snake really talking ?
tr	NN	her subconscious seemed to scream .
tr	NNS	Kris walked slowly away and Tabitha 's gaze was drawn , slowly , to the stacks around her once again .
tr	NNS	The images of my dying mother still clinging to my mind .
tr	NNS	" The suits contain biological properties .
tr	NN	" We will wait for our final guest , " the teacher told his students .
tr	NN	The large policeman opened the door for her , and she got out .
tr	NNS	Lights crowded her vision and for a second , pain became everything , shooting down her neck , causing her pulse to spike rapidly .
tr	NNS	Looks like we caught the freak ! "
tr	NNS	Things are going to change around here !
tr	NN	Archer 's growl rumbled down the hall .
tr	NN	The snake stayed coiled , but the hooded head rose higher , swaying gently .
tr	NN	" What 's all this racket about ? "
tr	NNS	Now there were thousands of birds .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of him were never far from her mind , even though she told herself that now was definitely not the time to indulge in an attraction .
tr	NNS	On their backs were figures lying in a twisted dangling clutch .
tr	NNS	Even closing my mouth , the shouts keep coming .
tr	NN	Well , our oldest was only fourteen .
tr	NN	The crate gaped open .
tr	NNS	Human resources had already tried to suggest he take an extended break by being reassigned to desk duty for a while .
tr	NNS	Things are coming back to me now , in pieces .
tr	NN	I hear her throat squeak when she swallows , her spine crack as she hunches over the table for another bite .
tr	NN	Make quick work of it , " the captain ordered .
tr	NNS	Even a few cats hid under the parked cars as if from some ominous prophecy , and only their green eyes could be seen sparkling like emeralds .
tr	NN	Her posture gave away her inner struggle , erect , stiff , and fragile .
tr	NN	" Ain 't nothin ' but a stone fact , " the policeman had added .
tr	NN	Something immense was going on .
tr	NN	Ross 's soft exclamation didn 't make things any easier .
tr	NN	" It 's a trap , " he said , " The Black Dwarf said we only had a brief time left . "
tr	NN	The stench was like summer , hot and torrid : a stink of tarry asphalt and roadkill bloated with decay .
tr	NN	The flaky pastry melted in his mouth .
tr	NN	But still the hatred of the Watcher lurked behind them , blind for a while , perhaps , but undefeated , still bent on death .
tr	NN	But the confirmation of her having been cut out of the deal still carried a sting .
tr	NN	His bicep twitches , and my gaze is drawn to the sharp line that defines it .
tr	NNS	But tigers were strong swimmers .
tr	NN	The neighbor looked at him seriously and disappeared into his apartment .
tr	NNS	Shadowhunters wore them like badges when someone they loved had died , though they did nothing to ease suffering .
tr	NN	Again the slave arose differently than he had been in life , but it was not immediately obvious .
tr	NN	The herald did not deign to reply , but more laughter greeted the young knight 's protest .
tr	NNS	" Very few creatures are lucky enough to be born adult .
tr	NN	The TV showed them leaving , but there were no shots of them arriving anywhere .
tr	NN	The mayor linked his fingers together on the desktop .
tr	NN	Nausea swept through her as she realized what he 'd overheard .
tr	NNS	His eyelids slid down over his eyes .
tr	NNS	Things all go bad at the same time .
tr	NNS	With no job to go to and no more teaching positions to apply for , there were few activities to fill her day .
tr	NN	The charm he had once presumed irresistible appeared woefully ineffective .
tr	NN	Despite their numerous phone calls the status of their relationship never came up .
tr	NN	There is a glint in his eyes that makes my pulse pick up .
tr	NN	The monstrous , two-headed snake hissed a challenge and reared up into a coiled S , ready to strike .
tr	NNS	Hephaestus , sitting beside me , pledged his loyalty to me .
tr	NN	Her diary told her that she had seen five patients that Friday .
tr	NNS	Cassius looked at her and smiled .
tr	NNS	Those aliens who attacked us either left some of their kind behind , or they unleashed a horde of monsters . "
tr	NN	The dwarf dropped his weapon and fell unconscious .
tr	NNS	The hills closed us up .
tr	NNS	Some continents and states repeated names , as well .
tr	NN	Vickie 's demented shrieking stopped as if it had been cut with a knife .
tr	NNS	' But there are other effects .
tr	NN	The pencil rolled away as the slap of the books echoed through the empty auditorium .
tr	NNS	Few exits , and with a nice , high vantage point . "
tr	NNS	" Our stores , also , are untouched , if there are any you would like to send to us . "
tr	NNS	" The way I hear it , congratulations are in order .
tr	NNS	Questions and doubts began to take root .
tr	NNS	Things haven 't gone too well , Charlie , in large part because of your meddling .
tr	NNS	Both deaths had been unexplained , as they had been alone .
tr	NN	The humanoid above her charged forwards , dodging the attack .
tr	NN	" Would a squirrel need that ?
tr	NNS	Plans that were slowly tearing her in two .
tr	NN	The player lay there not moving .
tr	NN	Across the table , seated in black fatigues and patrol gear like the gathered male warriors , Nikolai 's mate , Renata , scoffed .
tr	NNS	Erebus also just means darkness .
tr	NNS	Gramps claps his hands .
tr	NNS	My servants found him .
tr	NN	The heady fragrance of jasmine filled his senses .
tr	NNS	Soldiers killed people without hope for personal gain .
tr	NNS	The three immortals led the army right out in front .
tr	NN	Our prey was within .
tr	NNS	" Your boobs are going to be working boobs .
tr	NN	Love pressed the button and a moment later it arrived .
tr	NNS	Others like us typically live and travel together , but prefer to do their hunting alone .
tr	NNS	There were probably thirty members of the public now edging forward .
tr	NN	The ease with which she directed the others suggested that she did so often .
tr	NNS	There are many metals .
tr	NN	A school tour had passed earlier , but the echoes of giggles had faded thirty minutes ago .
tr	NNS	Things did not change at all as we moved to the new calendar year , well nothing that was obvious .
tr	NNS	Sixteen inches of sand lay piled around the car .
tr	NN	A smug glint entered his eyes .
tr	NN	With a deafening boom , the bullet pierced its chest .
tr	NNS	Marius had brought her the stylish modern garments she wore ; satin shirt , boots to the knee , cleaving velvet skirt .
tr	NNS	Sadness clouded her expressive features .
tr	NN	My mate has use for warriors ' souls , but I don 't .
tr	NN	The Chinese government could probably do it and maybe the North Koreans but I can 't think of many others . "
tr	NN	Oh , the tyranny of those who believe in nothing . "
tr	NN	The raven sat silently on his shoulder .
tr	NNS	Under them , on a yellow board , large black bold letters read : " STD ISD FAX . "
tr	NNS	There were only bits and pieces inside the coffin .
tr	NN	Now , what idiot said that science doesn 't have a sense of humor ?
tr	NNS	The two species are very different .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids drooped and she felt herself slipping away .
tr	NNS	Good communications technicians are , curiously , hard to get hold of .
tr	NN	Her pulse started to race as her mind went back to the other times she 'd smelled that smell .
tr	NN	The gardener listened earnestly .
tr	NN	Even now the village blacksmith forges them for me . '
tr	NNS	The last two members of the group heard and saw the canopy .
tr	NN	One more inch to the left and he 'd have been dead .
tr	NNS	There were real flakes of gold in there , and I was determined to get them all .
tr	NNS	Now , her cheekbones stand out above the hallowed shadows in her cheeks .
tr	NNS	There were several cameras in the ceiling , the only indicator that the room wasn 't just a pleasant place to relax .
tr	NNS	Lights came on , up and down the street .
tr	NN	" Forty or fifty is bad , but still not enough to cause trouble . "
tr	NN	The sheen of sweat illuminated her high cheekbones , and her blue eyes sparkled .
tr	NN	Ooh , there was ivory in the wallpaper .
tr	NNS	The media had picked up the story of the accident , and neither Jude nor Zach could stand to watch the coverage .
tr	NN	In the center rose a grand spiral staircase , made entirely of glass and sparkling in the wan light with Swarovski crystals and figurines depicting sea creatures .
tr	NNS	Apparently the rats of resentment and vindictiveness are always there in the cellar of my soul .
tr	NN	" Ok , " Jim said , " Here 's the finale , are you ready ? "
tr	NNS	What levers have you pulled ?
tr	NNS	And yet her instincts were so strong , almost overwhelming .
tr	NN	His explanation makes sense but it doesn 't give any indication of whether I 'm being taken somewhere good or bad .
tr	NN	The wisp of a memory threatened to surface .
tr	NN	In his hotel room , the TV was covering news about the big wreck on I95 .
tr	NNS	Questions swirled around my head constantly .
tr	NNS	Folks don 't get their hopes up anymore . "
tr	NNS	A few strands of her blond hair had fallen free , and her eyes were closed as she lost herself in the moment as well .
tr	NN	There 's a lounge at the end of the hall and - " " I don 't give a damn about no lounge !
tr	NN	" I 'll be placing the wreath now , " the stylist announced .
tr	NNS	" Our fathers , fathers , fathers , for many generations loved the French .
tr	NNS	Other tentacles now crept and crawled over the floor inside .
tr	NNS	Things aren 't like they used to be .
tr	NNS	Looks could be very misleading as she learned long ago .
tr	NN	" I can hardly wait to undress you , " the duke was saying .
tr	NN	" A bacon smile ? "
tr	NNS	Things happen for a reason and perhaps my keeping this big house wasn 't only for me , but for others . "
tr	NNS	" And my jewels would help ? "
tr	NNS	Looks like he 's given it up already . "
tr	NN	A low growl bubbled from its throat .
tr	NNS	The jackets are nowhere to be found .
tr	NNS	There are other historical figures , in fact too many to count .
tr	NN	Sutter 's Way was a beautiful old mansion , built by the Hearst family at the height of their wealth and influence .
tr	NN	A black humanoid walked over .
tr	NN	His attire didn 't quite match the office 's opulence .
tr	NN	His weakness could be that he is too forgiving or soft-hearted with family members .
tr	NNS	" All immortals have special powers ? "
tr	NN	The contraction that went through her was strong enough to generate a very real shriek .
tr	NN	" A chat should suffice , which is why I 'm rustling up a few casual discussion burgers . "
tr	NNS	Tris is there , standing beside Christina , who looks at me like I am something rotten that needs to be discarded .
tr	NNS	Cassius leaned down and pressed his lips to my forehead , " I will return quickly . "
tr	NNS	Barnabas clapped as he stepped over the broken bodies of Max 's attackers .
tr	NN	" When is your birthday ? "
tr	NN	Is a booth okay ? "
tr	NN	Always the terrible hunger consuming him .
tr	NNS	Things 'll look better then . "
tr	NN	As his hands slid down her neck , her pulse jumped and accelerated rapidly .
tr	NNS	" No , there are zombies in my room ! "
tr	NNS	Screams and shouts echoed .
tr	NN	Every instinct in her screamed to get away .
tr	NNS	Her cheekbones were classically high , eyebrows arching , eyes slanted sensually .
tr	NN	Shane 's briefcase housed a secret compartment .
tr	NN	The glowing , green chains wrapped around her body , ran into her open mouth and around her eyes .
tr	NN	" The bastard deserved that , I guess . "
tr	NN	" For some of our viewers , your term ' compensation ' might seem a little cold .
tr	NN	" Ok , so the asteroid does some damage to the planet .
tr	NN	The tie was cheap imitation silk .
tr	NNS	All around the doorframe the wall had been papered with notes , cards , photographs , banners .
tr	NNS	There are no new changes in them and they are no longer being taken over .
tr	NNS	Your abilities are like any other muscle ; they can atrophy . "
tr	NNS	When she nodded absently , her pupils were huge , her eyes stark , and he knew he couldn 't leave her like this .
tr	NN	His Princess was the lesser of two evils .
tr	NNS	Her fears would never change , never go away .
tr	NNS	His security cameras pick up everything . "
tr	NNS	Immediately , the swarms turned dense black , coiled and tightened , as if ready to spring .
tr	NNS	All characters in this book have no existence outside the imagination of the author and have no relation whatsoever to anyone bearing the same name or names .
tr	NN	A shopping spree had been the perfect medicine to get her out of the doldrums .
tr	NNS	Her pupils were redder than cherries .
tr	NNS	Graphic designers were a dime a dozen , and competition was fierce .
tr	NN	And no-one had said anything .
tr	NN	The anniversary of their breakup fell on January 12 , next week .
tr	NN	" And our progress is moving extremely well .
tr	NN	A trickle of doubt formed in her stomach when she thought about him .
tr	NNS	Some tentative offers came Richard 's way but he refused them knowing they 'd progress no further than other bands he 'd signed .
tr	NN	" The master 's daughter . "
tr	NNS	Things that likely affected the future of the entire land once known as the Final Empire .
tr	NN	Was that the explanation here ?
tr	NN	- What does the legend say ?
tr	NNS	Their government restrictions sometimes make them impotent ... and that 's why I found these emails so puzzling . "
tr	NN	Suddenly , her bounty capture became that much juicier and she began to cackle .
tr	NN	This bike had been a present from my parents a few months ago for my eighteenth birthday .
tr	NN	An owl hooted in the black night .
tr	NNS	There are other planets now .
tr	NN	The release of all this information seems to lighten the burden on his shoulders , if only by a hair .
tr	NNS	The two factions would later clash as the vampire world watched and waited to see who was left standing when the dust cleared .
tr	NNS	Her wild hair was plaited in a braid down her back , wisps of caramel colored hair curled around her temple , highlighting her eyes .
tr	NNS	Others say he died .
tr	NN	The racket startled Jacob 's team and he could only imagine what Will must be going through .
tr	NNS	" The gangs didn 't bother you ? "
tr	NN	The only drugstore open this late would be halfway to Sacramento .
tr	NN	Apparently Chance had flipped light switches wherever he found them , as if he could banish the ocean of night that surrounded us .
tr	NNS	" The letters are missing . "
tr	NNS	Things can change quickly out here .
tr	NNS	Lights were blazing in the living room when we pulled up to Trip 's house .
tr	NNS	The cushion bows and Kenneth is next to me .
tr	NNS	Words failed to come .
tr	NN	The captain hadn 't expected this and was thrown off balance .
tr	NNS	" No worries , love , " Geist chuckles , relaxing as if he were about to watch a performance .
tr	NNS	Bugs had touched a lot of lives in his brief moment in the spotlight .
tr	NNS	" We 'll watch the kids , " the other three ladies said at the same time .
tr	NNS	The texts stop there .
tr	NNS	The footsteps had reached the door now .
tr	NN	Rivera 's secretary advised us that her boss wasn 't in , but if we wished to make an appointment , we could .
tr	NNS	Angelus looked down into the churning water .
tr	NN	Was that tickling that I could feel spreading up my leg a poison ?
tr	NN	The biography was just what they needed .
tr	NN	Then the coach 's shrill whistle pierced the air .
tr	NN	The black Kevlar clothing hugs his body , protecting his long limbs and svelte physique .
tr	NNS	The passengers carried hand luggage with them .
tr	NN	Part of me liked him even more for that , but my heart ... wel , it was cracking .
tr	NNS	Words couldn 't describe the effect Caleb had on her .
tr	NNS	The immortals had taken the brilliance of the Underground to the next level , literally .
tr	NNS	Myles was planning to wait in the car while she went in .
tr	NN	The turret rotated , locked onto the specified target , and then fired .
tr	NN	The government also had little interest in policing these areas , as long as the criminal element stayed within its boundaries .
tr	NNS	" But his exact species is unknown .
tr	NNS	Bugs were scratching and crashing against the worn screen of the porch to get to the light that was on inside in the old kitchen .
tr	NNS	Their deaths were terribly gory .
tr	NN	The porcelain was so fine that the light shone right through it , making the cup glow .
tr	NN	A dread came over me .
tr	NN	" No , a picnic sounds lovely . "
tr	NNS	There were several warrants out for their arrest -- and from more than one governing body .
tr	NNS	Wooden stakes wouldn 't harm them , nor would sunlight , crosses , or holy water .
tr	NNS	Words stopped on the tip of my tongue , what if we don 't know how to move on ?
tr	NN	Another roar , this one from a lion , vibrated in the air , and the hail of bullets suddenly ceased .
tr	NN	Chance had busted Ethan 's lip .
tr	NN	The thick layer of smoke permeating the air seemed to highlight the intense lighting .
tr	NNS	Two couples entered and drifted toward the only open table , closer to the music in the back .
tr	NN	Part 2 is coming out in August 2014 !
tr	NNS	The talons missed him by inches , gouging the cupboard 's surface .
tr	NN	Trust me your aura is quite unique . "
tr	NNS	Three fat ladies entered the room .
tr	NNS	The berries fell between my fingers and dropped to the ground below .
tr	NNS	Two uniformed messengers meant bad , awful things .
tr	NN	As he hands me some cider , a thrill of fear brings tingles to my spine .
tr	NNS	Lots of people knew Alcide , and they came by the table to say hello to him and to find out who I was .
tr	NN	' Good point , ' Love muttered , and grinned to himself .
tr	NN	The fine weave of a soft , black veil enveloped her .
tr	NNS	The wolves knew he was out on the grounds and had come close to visit him .
tr	NN	The master wants to see you .
tr	NNS	And images , I suppose .
tr	NN	The same canyon they 'd been in before .
tr	NNS	You ladies want something to drink ? "
tr	NN	Eduard 's grandmother asked .
tr	NNS	The dampness would taste of pure her .
tr	NNS	The wolves had begun to finish their shifts and stalked around us , forming a tight circle .
tr	NN	A small gold charm on a black leather necklace flashed in the dome light as he leaned forward .
tr	NN	There was a far heavier stench here than ever that we had to cover our olfactory senses .
tr	NN	If he personally managed to accomplish that task , his value would rise immeasurably .
tr	NNS	Three goons were near the security gate leading out to Dock 14 .
tr	NN	" Part of me knows that .
tr	NNS	Their daggers fell off their hands .
tr	NNS	Cold winds began to rush all around me .
tr	NNS	The wooden floors were cool beneath my feet , a distinct contradiction to my heated skin .
tr	NN	The repeat function glowed on the stereo , which meant that the recording could have played twenty , thirty , or forty times by now .
tr	NN	" I 'm sorry to bother you again , " the teacher began , peering at Angela over her bifocals .
tr	NN	If I hid in the bedroom closet , the intruder might hear the cat noises and investigate .
tr	NNS	Tweed suits were his stock-in-trade and nobody had ever seen him without a waistcoat .
tr	NNS	With natural light fading , the streetlights had started to glow .
tr	NNS	That shyness lasted well into high school .
tr	NN	The square was full of people .
tr	NNS	The gates will swing wide for us .
tr	NN	The guilt and confusion was building to a breaking point .
tr	NN	The mysterious hermit stepped forward where a shaft of sunlight , conveniently placed , illuminated his steamy features .
tr	NNS	The horrifying scenes continued , flashing one after another , growing more unspeakable .
tr	NNS	Lots of them work well into their seventies . "
tr	NNS	Many embraced , relieved to see familiar faces again .
tr	NNS	Skulls smirked and replied , " You say that now . "
tr	NN	The dragon had a mouthful of pebbles .
tr	NNS	Thoughts about her son , always roaming the edges of her mind anyway , flowed to the forefront .
tr	NN	The video selected for the night was Ghost Busters .
tr	NNS	" Things get so boring waiting around for your employer to die that you had to come out here and look for trouble , Harry ?
tr	NNS	All clients had this lull in admission .
tr	NNS	" Those creatures tore through an entire police force .
tr	NN	" No offense , " Rachel said , " but why have your enemies left you alive ? "
tr	NN	A tray of water , cold soup , and black bread was next to the cold table I had been lying on .
tr	NN	The texture of the feathers seemed too smooth and shiny .
tr	NNS	A rude mattress lay on the floor in the center , on which he now lay , being pleasured by his women .
tr	NNS	Things 'll work out .
tr	NN	Instead , the medic nodded , smiling and happy to be of service .
tr	NNS	Our fathers felt that way too .
tr	NN	The boat dock is about fifteen minutes away . "
tr	NNS	The sales would include the majority of the collection , more than enough to cover any taxes that were due .
tr	NN	Holy wisdom is not clear and thin like water , but thick and dark like blood .
tr	NNS	As such , my skills were perhaps in need of extensive honing .
tr	NN	the sergeant asked softly .
tr	NNS	There were twelve staff readers at Fox , ranging in age from thirty-five to sixty .
tr	NNS	Those caresses , which always made him uneasy , now frightened him .
tr	NN	" Then a committee of six paid Ambrose a visit .
tr	NN	The fur around his mouth seemed much darker than he remembered .
tr	NNS	Buddha images possibly replicas or replacements although the temples themselves fit into the landscape as something of antiquity .
tr	NNS	And the offers came in .
tr	NNS	After an hour the footprints disappeared into rocks .
tr	NNS	Maybe all warriors were like that .
tr	NNS	" Of course " Her fighting skills were not the equal of ours .
tr	NN	Nausea churns in me .
tr	NNS	His instincts were telling him that this man was lying to him .
tr	NN	A subdued boom shot out of the gate .
tr	NNS	Below , sirens screamed .
tr	NNS	By the fifth day , the distances between the villages had shortened .
tr	NN	" How 's the egg soup ? "
tr	NN	Gideon 's uncle and Grand Master of the Lodge , walking energetically along the corridor .
tr	NNS	" The first three jumps are straightforward .
tr	NN	Part of me wanted to hurl the phone into the trees on the far side of the road .
tr	NN	The Death of Rats grabbed a wing and pulled .
tr	NN	Whenever the button was pressed thereafter , the recording would play back , with no way to stop it or modify it .
tr	NN	arrangement could almost be perfect .
tr	NNS	Looks like we missed dinner . "
tr	NN	Nausea swept through Mike .
tr	NNS	" Every species want similar and different things .
tr	NN	' We 'd like a few moments of your time , ' Love said .
tr	NNS	There are different types of demons .
tr	NN	The high elf spent the following decade in solitude , coming to grips with everything that had transpired between him and his family .
tr	NN	The drawbridge dropped and the crowd thundered as Clay dashed from the castle , and waved to the fans .
tr	NN	There was a drum beating behind his ribs .
tr	NNS	Two trials resulted in hung juries ; the case was dropped .
tr	NN	The courtroom is small and stuffy .
tr	NNS	There were no roads , no houses , just empty land as far as the eye could see .
tr	NNS	Everywhere Tiffany turned , black hats were scurrying .
tr	NNS	Two daggers flew into the man 's unprotected face .
tr	NNS	The sleeper downstairs was male , by the glimpse I got of his dreams , although it was hard to tell sometimes .
tr	NNS	" Things gon na get a little hairy between you and the others or are ya going to let all that go ?
tr	NN	The outcast who didn 't know how to connect to people , yet nevertheless spent every second of every day trying to protect them .
tr	NN	Chance cocked a brow .
tr	NNS	Before this mission is over , the Jets will know more about the subject than I do . "
tr	NN	His kindness touched her all the way to her heart .
tr	NN	The realisation snapped Jason back to reality .
tr	NNS	The vamps already checked . "
tr	NNS	" And who are these suspicious characters ? "
tr	NNS	The brilliant colors of happiness splashed through her , effervescent and glorious .
tr	NN	The bundle rolled over , staggered upright and extended two scruffy wings .
tr	NNS	Little creatures the size of small dogs ran out of the gaze of the flashlight .
tr	NNS	Others began surrounding him , offering him words of admiration , some bringing him cake , a drink , or a present .
tr	NNS	There are more fellas waiting at other gas stations . "
tr	NN	" No student threatens me , ever !
tr	NN	The young blond pilot caught it and asked , " How much years you are ? "
tr	NN	There was a museum for everything , apparently .
tr	NNS	" Homemade cookies , " Jason said , sliding forward , far more appreciative than her daughter .
tr	NN	Only a total idiot would believe you 're Mexican . "
tr	NNS	The villagers all stepped off the road .
tr	NNS	" No strings attached ? "
tr	NNS	The scales were polished and looked like chrome .
tr	NN	" Yes , monsieur , " replied the former cardinal , still smiling with glee .
tr	NNS	Noelle 's eyelids flickered .
tr	NNS	Stacks took another swig of his drink before replying .
tr	NNS	If he lost sight of the slavers , what were the chances of ever finding them again ?
tr	NNS	Immortals were not only stronger than regular humans , but their brains were like computers .
tr	NNS	The screens went blank .
tr	NN	Instant guilt filled her at the thought .
tr	NN	A nondescript , black luxury sedan was approaching on the access road exactly on schedule .
tr	NN	There was a secret panel .
tr	NN	Another bullet rocketed off the landing gear making me snap to attention .
tr	NN	The pattern fueled , and Gabriel felt lightheaded .
tr	NN	" Honey , " my grandma says as she turns around and hands me a fresh glass .
tr	NNS	The winds howled outside a window that was covered by a wooden shutter that clattered noisily as it tried to keep the winter winds out .
tr	NN	Part of me expected it .
tr	NNS	" Where are your goons ?
tr	NNS	When wet , the long strands appeared darker , her green eyes standing out against her pale skin even more .
tr	NNS	For these reasons , all ages of medieval folk drank liquid with alcohol in it .
tr	NNS	The old inspection operations were bloody , messy affairs .
tr	NNS	The drums were silent , unneeded while the companies were manoeuvring , for which Edan was heartily grateful .
tr	NNS	Axel 's wrists crisscrossed to form a very effective scissor , chopping the demon 's head from its body in a single heartbeat of time .
tr	NNS	A few inches to the left it would have pierced his heart .
tr	NNS	The twins were extremely close and obviously shared the same identical physical traits .
tr	NN	The captain turned to tend to the tea as he continued to tell Gwynn of his last trip to Carthage .
tr	NNS	Others chat and laugh together in small groups .
tr	NNS	His followers grumbled in protest , but complied .
tr	NNS	Something feathered against her wrist and Fila froze .
tr	NNS	But as the images came I fought them off and pushed forward desperately looking for something new to grab onto .
tr	NN	the green-eyed goddess asked .
tr	NN	A balcony ringed the dance floor , full of candle-lit tables .
tr	NNS	But his lies were still unforgivable .
tr	NN	Matt 's agent asked the question , since Matt was still cursing under his breath .
tr	NNS	The top five floors of the hospital are empty , so the Chief has had them taped off as well . "
tr	NN	I didn 't think it would work , my novice attempt at seducing him .
tr	NNS	Their visits had been sporadic to provide food and water , and he 'd been without for three days .
tr	NN	Seth , the artifact we are looking for is very important .
tr	NNS	The actors seemed thrown by the audience 's reactions .
tr	NNS	Just at that moment , two figures appeared through the door nearer the far end of the library .
tr	NN	Her pencil had to be just so , her little magnetic bowl of paper clips in a specific location , her chair exactly the right height .
tr	NN	" They head for heat and movement , even now , " said the hooded dwarf .
tr	NN	Our teacher , a beleaguered , balding man in his forties , looks up from his game of computer solitaire as we march past .
tr	NN	" The maternal instinct never dies .
tr	NN	His writing career began in 2001 with the publication of his first novel , The Healing Place .
tr	NN	A pulse of pinkish liquid made its way from the man 's head along a clear plastic tube and the electricity stopped .
tr	NNS	The hills roll on for ages , and the road is narrow and curving , never-ending .
tr	NN	Then , on the other side of the lagoon , another giant fish tail appeared .
tr	NN	" The map 's a fake ? "
tr	NNS	Reyes didn 't hesitate .
tr	NN	In case of a conflict , the agenda with larger good shall prevail ; otherwise , preference shall be given to latter .
tr	NNS	The Lamia 's movements were mesmerizing and got the attention of many members of the boxing gym .
tr	NN	The momentum of what was happening hit me .
tr	NNS	The insects and birdlife were long since quiet .
tr	NN	My throbbing left hand was inches from my nose and I could see my blood , shining in the light .
tr	NN	A bean goose ! '
tr	NN	Her newly dyed chestnut , curly hair fell perfectly over her brow as she studied me .
tr	NN	The Cat pulled off his helm and went chasing down his horse .
tr	NNS	My associates and I have been working this case since the beginning .
tr	NN	There was one particular ghoul whom I remembered from my past .
tr	NN	All that mattered was that Caine was in trouble and she would sacrifice everything to help him .
tr	NNS	The tight quarters of the ambulance didn 't give him much room to maneuver his tall frame .
tr	NN	Behind me , the shriek of a demon pierced the deserted halls of the hospital .
tr	NNS	Waves of sensation rose to life .
tr	NNS	These relentlessly sympathetic ladies might have sworn allegiance to my mother , but I mean to turn them into my own staunchest allies .
tr	NNS	The second Diggs took before he answered lasted at least a decade .
tr	NNS	Things that are simply pain to me make you shiver with pleasure . "
tr	NNS	How many oaths did he swear when he ascended the throne , only to spit on those promises ? "
tr	NNS	There are golden strands ( beaches ) around every bend of coast and emerald islands dotting the horizon .
tr	NNS	Their efforts were unsuccessful in reviving my grandma .
tr	NNS	" The documents you requested are ready .
tr	NN	There was an instant hatred that she had trouble suppressing .
tr	NNS	Worlds and systems stopped cooperating , and every piece of territory that could escape became hopelessly independent .
tr	NNS	How she had been held back as they loaded him into an ambulance , the sirens wailing along with her as they drove away .
tr	NNS	fair patrons came and went during the intermission , taking pictures , asking questions .
tr	NNS	All the creatures had come at him at once , snarling and dripping their bodily fluids everywhere .
tr	NNS	Her nostrils flared and she bounced to her feet .
tr	NN	Her spine straightened with unmistakable steel .
tr	NN	The only refuge was the gym , but the dark silhouette on the other side of the street stood between her and the entrance .
tr	NNS	Their tongues dueled , each demanding possession .
tr	NN	There was some uncertainty in his deep blue eyes although his face was still friendly and looked surprised .
tr	NN	Then the video cut out , and the room went dark again .
tr	NN	There is no limit to what he can become .
tr	NN	There were a few appreciative chuckles in the crowd , and a few suspicious grunts .
tr	NN	A click from behind him cut through the wind noise .
tr	NNS	There are some handwritten letters from Mark 's family , a note from the President , and a USB drive filled with music from all ages . "
tr	NNS	Fuses pop , light bulbs burn out .
tr	NNS	The edges of his vision were cloudy , fogged with pain .
tr	NN	The commander , through his pain , ordered other men to disarm Talon .
tr	NNS	' The quarters , I do assure thee , my Lord , are exquisite .
tr	NN	" Where is the administrator ? "
tr	NN	" The bullet passed through the muscles behind his collarbone , but it just grazed the bone itself .
tr	NN	The option of violence had already become part of your thoughts . "
tr	NNS	Questions came at her from all directions , and she felt at a loss to answer them .
tr	NNS	The ghosts were stroking me and murmuring .
tr	NN	My mate was a bit overzealous with the nine pin . "
tr	NN	Both Leif and I grabbed her before she could topple face first into the fresh dirt and flowers .
tr	NNS	Or the other wolves wouldn 't .
tr	NN	His flashlight skimmed over objects beyond Bonnie , but at first Elena 's eyes could make no sense of them .
tr	NNS	The policeman offers Isaiah his wallet back and mumbles something to him .
tr	NNS	You have the blood of dragons in your veins , your scales shine with power .
tr	NN	A small trickle of condensation ran down the back of his neck .
tr	NNS	But for the space of a few stolen moments , all her worries slid away under the reassuring stroke of his tongue .
tr	NN	A wise precaution , since men in dark robes seem to appear wherever we are .
tr	NN	tourists told me they saw Benedict aboard this morning , reading a newspaper , " the captain provided .
tr	NN	The lens looked like a small pin made of a glossy gray stone .
tr	NN	The only consolation was the fact that he would be slightly more powerful when he did return .
tr	NNS	Her fears about her grandfather must have been just because she was so tired yesterday .
tr	NN	A pipe feeding into the unit broke , spilling water across the roof .
tr	NNS	* * * " My King , my spies report that our encampment may be attacked soon . "
tr	NN	The leader who , for centuries now , was accustomed to making the rules and , when called for , enforcing them with unstoppable might .
tr	NN	Her belly was lumpy with scar tissue that disappeared under her bra .
tr	NNS	The roads were not in a good enough condition to travel so quickly over the ruts and pot holes .
tr	NN	" I have some bad news , " the secretary sighed , " Really bad news . "
tr	NNS	The videos were fuzzy or something .
tr	NN	The high-pitched shrieking stabbed his ears .
tr	NNS	Those damned motorcycles still zipped and buzzed down the network of roads as they scoured the countryside .
tr	NNS	After all , most creatures could make good eating .
tr	NNS	And most wolves had excellent imaginations .
tr	NNS	There were coins and mugs and snow globes with the boardwalk underneath , the sand whirling beneath the glass like a snowstorm .
tr	NNS	The leaders drew close enough to turn the warning beep into a trill .
tr	NNS	Both suns had been in the sky when the shuttle brought her down .
tr	NN	Love looked at the watch on his wrist .
tr	NNS	With every newcomer mouth-watering aromas drifted out the door -- sweet hams , fried chicken , young buttered peas , all sorts of pies and cakes .
tr	NN	When the conversation ended , the pilot hung up the radio , and immediately banked the Tomcat sharply left .
tr	NNS	Lots of 'em , ' said the waiter .
tr	NN	Chance sat in his car , darkness all around him , and peered up at her apartment .
tr	NN	Within hours the massive American security apparatus would be looking for the bomber .
tr	NN	" You 're not going to believe this , " the fellow said , panting to catch his breath .
tr	NN	My weariness vanished , replaced with an exhilarating mixture of nerves and purpose .
tr	NNS	The Police were more than asking questions ; they were searching , and suspicious .
tr	NN	The receptionist told him to wait there and she would call him .
tr	NNS	" We can only speculate without further investigation , " Iris replied , " though your hypothesis is very plausible . "
tr	NNS	Parts of the ship traveled with the wave , embedding in buildings or tearing large chunks out of their corners to rain debris on the pedestrians below .
tr	NN	My own mate and uncle stole from me .
tr	NNS	Suddenly , all smugness disappeared from his face and the sound of footsteps reached my ears .
tr	NN	Diana said excitedly , her reserve fading .
tr	NN	Two seconds later , her orgasm claimed her as she cried out his name .
tr	NNS	His cousins would drop whatever they were doing to be there for each other .
tr	NN	' Thank you , ' Love said .
tr	NNS	As the press stampeded to Barry , his cronies and clients sprinted away .
tr	NN	As we were coming down the same thing happened that we were afraid of , the rope was not able to handle us and it broke .
tr	NNS	Girls were another matter altogether .
tr	NNS	All her efforts had been for nothing .
tr	NN	The barkeep set a cup and saucer down in front of Lucas , who nodded his thanks before glancing up at the corner behind the bar .
tr	NNS	Your instincts should have sent you warnings when he took you to the church . "
tr	NNS	CHAPTER 17 " With a little practice and patience , our hands learn to knit , then our minds are free to enjoy the process . "
tr	NN	The only justice we got was that the family were hounded out of the neighbourhood .
tr	NNS	The ceilings are too low . "
tr	NN	The worst case scenario is coming true : a holocaust .
tr	NNS	The sergeants repeated the order and both peasants and soldiers rushed forward .
tr	NNS	- - - - - - Things had not gone as planned with the sluice .
tr	NN	" Part of my probation , " she muttered sullenly .
tr	NN	Apparently his condition has been deteriorating drastically in the past few days .
tr	NN	Secondly , loyalty within the family is fierce , but the repercussions for betrayal are brutal . "
tr	NN	Alicia 's language made it sound like she hadn 't sucked away Ms. Terwilliger 's power yet , so hopefully she was just incapacitated .
tr	NN	The Count to twenty and jump sign gave me enough time to move the sling out of Doc 's way .
tr	NN	Tenderly he turned her hand over , ran his thumb over the myriad of scars crisscrossing her forearm , wrist , and hand .
tr	NN	A determination to halt that process put a coolness in her voice .
tr	NNS	Reading on , there were no signs of struggle or forced entry .
tr	NN	The black fur ran with a white that glowed and shimmered .
tr	NNS	With the old country taking so many freedoms away and taxing people to death , sports was a way out .
tr	NNS	Classes are starting , and I 'm late .
tr	NN	" A transition of power is imminent .
tr	NN	Unless the afterlife was just a crappy room of blackness .
tr	NNS	Our minds have the capability of learning incredibly quickly .
tr	NN	" There was a tail in the back , kind of bushy .
tr	NN	" But the mist wraith holds him in his clutches .
tr	NNS	What were the chances that even a small remnant of her vehicle remained ?
tr	NNS	Five pairs of red eyes swung her way as she drew their attention to her location within the tree .
tr	NNS	Diggs pushed a sopping , tangled mess of hair away from my eyes .
tr	NN	My instinct is telling me to run and scream , but my body wants to wrap itself around his glistening , sweaty arms .
tr	NN	Soon , the canvas stopped fluttering and simply stretched toward Mark .
tr	NNS	A moment later , thousands of gallons poured into the cavern .
tr	NNS	His cells burned as he ripped power from them .
tr	NNS	Others , she would wake up in the middle of the night to her own head saying in a hundred years , I won 't be alive .
tr	NN	There was a sickened reddish tinge over his skin .
tr	NNS	' Well , I 'd believe you , millions wouldn 't . '
tr	NNS	Our ancestors who founded New Salem after the witch hunters drove them out of Salem Village . "
tr	NNS	Through all this the goblins continued their stomping and shouting until the noise was almost deafening .
tr	NNS	Her instincts were screaming at her .
tr	NNS	Dark figures were paddling small rubber rafts back towards the motor boat .
tr	NN	The hunt was coming toward us like a ribbon of nightmares .
tr	NNS	The two other bikes took off down the drive , and Dean kept his hand outstretched .
tr	NN	A workbench stood off to one side .
tr	NN	His student sprang to her feet .
tr	NNS	Another two rats entered the place and pounced on the cage , baring their teeth .
tr	NN	The little blond neighbor girl who looked like an angel , and who was a mystery .
tr	NNS	But the tightness in his chest was not .
tr	NNS	Ethan 's instincts screamed a red alert .
tr	NNS	The blues pulsed up into the evening sky , mournful and elaborate , a peacock tail of sound .
tr	NNS	The woman 's pupils dilated but she did not smile .
tr	NNS	" Drugs didn 't do this to my sister .
tr	NNS	And as a betting man myself ; your chances are zip , zero , zilch .
tr	NN	" Buenos dias , my Maker , " Celestino replied .
tr	NN	The guilt builds , and I don 't know how to fix my life , her life .
tr	NN	The stench of burning demon flesh fil ed the room .
tr	NNS	There were butterflies in the background on the pastel green card and in the middle inscribed in black ink was : Cheyenne Gauthier - Marketing Consultant .
tr	NNS	The gates slowly swung apart revealing the city proper .
tr	NNS	The famed golden locks were a halo around the sweetest of faces , framing large eyes the same periwinkle blue as the gown she wore .
tr	NN	The factory was outdated apparently and the owner wasn 't willing to work with them to increase their productivity . "
tr	NN	You mean , the lore 's different on different nights ? "
tr	NNS	Beginning to relax and enjoy herself , Ruth 's movements became wilder and less inhibited .
tr	NN	Peter always - " She broke off abruptly and brought the steaming cup to her mouth .
tr	NNS	Looks like the place was roughed up quite a bit , possibly by someone 's ... pet ? "
tr	NNS	Words that were untrue and absolved the wrong person of guilt and Dare 's anger at Brian returned .
tr	NNS	Moses asked Moshe why it had been cancelled , not because it made any difference to him , but just to show polite interest .
tr	NN	Her theory raises more questions than answers .
tr	NN	The gravel in her voice , the age of it perhaps , startled him .
tr	NNS	Myles helped Jake close a serrated blade .
tr	NN	A faint chuckle drew everyone 's eyes to the frail little body crumpled on the floor .
tr	NNS	Things got to a very sad pass - no money , nothing in the house .
tr	NN	His fingernails scraped against my skin , a growl of pleasure escaped him when the scent of my blood hit the air .
tr	NN	His sympathy mixed with his fear , pain , and fatigue to leave him on the verge of his own tears .
tr	NN	What was my career ? "
tr	NNS	Lots of Mums use their cars to collect the kids from school and then you can find a parking space .
tr	NNS	My grandparents are looking after things in Europe .
tr	NN	As he wondered at it , a lighted pedestal suddenly rose up in front of him .
tr	NN	Always a treat , if you ask me . "
tr	NNS	Violet 's fingernails bit into the flesh of his forearms .
tr	NNS	Things were better , then ; or at least no worse .
tr	NN	The commando waited upon his order to proceed .
tr	NNS	Two clerks were waiting .
tr	NNS	The dancers on the floor went with the flow .
tr	NNS	Early in the mornings , the stores weren 't ever busy , so I could take my time without dealing with long lines of people .
tr	NN	" And yet , " Michael chimed in , " every student in that class has an alibi . "
tr	NN	" My grandmother doesn 't know about any of this and I 'd like to keep it that way .
tr	NNS	The downstairs was empty .
tr	NNS	The main currents in this part of the lake come from the Wolf , entering the lake from the northwest . "
tr	NNS	" The bits I saw were very pleasant , except for all those humans . "
tr	NNS	Romulus turned on his heel toward the woods .
tr	NN	There was another slight hesitation in his movements .
tr	NN	Should you find a vampire , a stake through the heart is the most common way to dispose of the creature .
tr	NNS	Through what was left of a shop front , something sparkling caught my eye and I went to examine it more closely .
tr	NN	He stared down at me , eyes a mosaic of every blue possible .
tr	NNS	Classes resumed after recess .
tr	NN	The building orgasm began to quake through me again , and I felt my entire body clench in response .
tr	NN	My hunger was insatiable .
tr	NN	" Ok , if you insist , " Benji said .
tr	NNS	In every situation fate has placed you , your actions have been completely consistent with your training . "
tr	NNS	" No wolves in the swamp , my ass , " I muttered .
tr	NNS	But now the very qualities that had drawn her to him turned her stomach .
tr	NNS	Fur traders , explorers ... adventurers . "
tr	NNS	My pupils are so widely dilated and my retinas so exposed by the blackness that I have to shield my eyes with my hands .
tr	NNS	Samuels makes it down to Redwood City on business at least once a month .
tr	NNS	There are great glass exhibition cabinets with ancient logbooks displayed and in spaces among the bookcases there are antique paintings .
tr	NN	Her great grandmother smiles , nodding .
tr	NNS	The cats turned their gazes from where Fionn had been to where Andrea stood now .
tr	NN	Part of me just wants to burn it without looking .
tr	NNS	In addition , our ancestors searched for the stone in the past .
tr	NN	" Officer , " Ken panted , his arms on his knees .
tr	NN	More depressing , however , were the lack of details on James Peters ' death .
tr	NNS	The newspapers would certainly mention such a thing as a missing sheriff . "
tr	NNS	Nicodemus said in a quiet voice .
tr	NNS	" Families are a lot of work .
tr	NN	The escort leader responded .
tr	NN	There was no gritty race against time to collect all the evidence and get someone into custody .
tr	NN	The sparkle in Erica 's eyes outshone the radiance of the diamond solitaire on her ring finger .
tr	NNS	Empty promises , that 's all you offer her .
tr	NN	The tip of the pen was no longer glowing .
tr	NNS	" Hopefully the batteries don 't run out before we get to the creek .
tr	NN	That wasn , t even conceivable to her .
tr	NNS	Screams went up , especially Max 's ex .
tr	NNS	The kisses turned fierce .
tr	NNS	The wayward hats hovered in midair , arrested .
tr	NNS	The gates , rent and broken , he walked past .
tr	NNS	" Where are your CDs , Paul ?
tr	NNS	" The twins and the body of the Mother , do you see it !
tr	NNS	Nerves usually worked as an excellent appetite suppressant for me .
tr	NNS	Things were fine until you two came into our lives !
tr	NNS	Trying to look like a London bar , cocktails and leather arm chairs , too large , not comfortable I thought .
tr	NN	Our gauge was still standing , but barely .
tr	NN	Nausea filled me when I heard that name .
tr	NNS	Merrill 's actions had cost me , and I didn 't want anybody else to suffer as I had .
tr	NN	The tapestry was tattered and no spark was left in these people .
tr	NN	Once it reached the end there was a click .
tr	NNS	But there were three other accommodations scattered across the island , and I hadn 't really had much to do with their guests or employees .
tr	NNS	" No , his hopes and dreams vanish .
tr	NN	Every extra penny I earned went right back into the company , and I ate nothing but ramen noodles as I prepared a job for you .
tr	NNS	Joel guesses and Bran nods , glad not to have to talk any longer .
tr	NNS	But as the kingdom 's walls did nothing to protect it from its gravest threat , so too did the king 's spies prove wanting .
tr	NNS	There were some possibilities , a few other options , like asking Jett for help .
tr	NNS	A few ideas flitted through his head , but their flaws were quickly discovered and they were asked to move on .
tr	NNS	Therefore , the rumours about her bearing him a child could be true . '
tr	NN	The usual interim static peppered the air .
tr	NNS	There are no camp followers here . "
tr	NN	There was no pattern to it .
tr	NN	The freighter squeaked to a stop ahead of them .
tr	NN	The thrashing to each side and an occasional call gave away the clumsy presence of the searchers .
tr	NNS	Once they were in training , Timothy 's sexual activities with Hogan kept him smelling like a Mark .
tr	NN	" Why is that vein throbbing in your temple ? "
tr	NN	The duke is in a terrible muddle , and all because of you , I suspect . "
tr	NNS	Other cats can smell the scent and know that a yard , tree , house or chair belong to a specific cats territory .
tr	NN	My one success was a hollow victory as I am fairly sure he allowed me to win out of pity .
tr	NN	Her purple gown was loose around her body as though she were under water .
tr	NNS	The other wolves each shifted that second and did the same .
tr	NN	When its entire body had left the barn , the creature 's tail rose to point upwards .
tr	NNS	The other members nodded their approval .
tr	NNS	After four months of rolling seas , steady winds in the sails and beautiful weather they saw land beautifully edged on the horizon .
tr	NNS	" These ladies are the widows of my former partners . "
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared and his eyes went vacant for a moment like he was recalling the very thing I was challenging him to think about .
tr	NNS	Flames leapt up in the windows .
tr	NNS	The twins and I talked it over and decided to change form and fly across rather than hail one of those leaky tubs .
tr	NNS	Most Mexican boxers prefer to slug it out .
tr	NN	The gentleman who approached was Mike McNamara , previously informed that a young priest was to be expected .
tr	NNS	The tickets , cerulean disks no bigger than playing cards and coded to her DNA and his Standard DI Number , had their own clocks .
tr	NNS	As if she 'd telegraphed her thoughts , Ryan 's pupils expanded .
tr	NN	The captain and John 's mother were sitting at the table , apparently waiting for John to come back .
tr	NNS	Their foes screamed with fury , yet held their bullets .
tr	NNS	" Things don 't really work that way in Whiskey Creek .
tr	NNS	Others had tire irons , lead pipes , and on some occasions , homeless people .
tr	NNS	Lights along the ceiling began to turn , casting red shadows across Cyrus 's face .
tr	NN	A flashback of seeing Devin 's truck in the parking lot at the diner came to me .
tr	NNS	Things looked up after he sat down , though , because Emma came in and sat next to him .
tr	NNS	The ideas would have to come later , for now his mind was too consumed with finding Garcia .
tr	NN	My flashlight was lying on the ground beside me , and by its oddly skewed light I could see his huge muscles and bare hairy chest .
tr	NN	the captain asked in an urgent tone .
tr	NN	He 'd pressed so hard , the pen 's tip had ripped through the top sheet .
tr	NNS	" Routine house checks call for ten , maybe fifteen Officials .
tr	NN	There was no hesitation on my end .
tr	NN	Her goon squad told Scott she received an anonymous tip . "
tr	NNS	The cabinets were all white with brass knobs .
tr	NN	Her mouth clamped shut abruptly .
tr	NN	Even though that scream had been so shrill , so icy , the adrenaline pumping through their bodies compelled them to run .
tr	NN	A burgundy rug blanketed the majority of the hardwood floors and comforted a dark green leather recliner and a black leather couch .
tr	NN	" What 's your soup for today ? "
tr	NN	The captain nodded once .
tr	NNS	She drew back as the sound closed in , several pairs now stopped where Zep and his men had fallen .
tr	NN	Yet , despite his location , the haughty patrons of the North District rarely chose to frequent first generation shops .
tr	NNS	" The signs are all there .
tr	NN	There was a video of a bunch of lawyers walking into a courthouse .
tr	NNS	Maybe a few strands , " he rushed on .
tr	NNS	Stainless tubs like those at the morgue line the center .
tr	NN	Its straining at the rope had caused the loose knot to give way a little .
tr	NN	A slight scowl marred their radiant faces as they watched Chris lean close to Anne and point out the window .
tr	NN	The sub nosed up sharply , began to rise swiftly .
tr	NN	Every nerve in her body lit up .
tr	NNS	" Things have changed .
tr	NNS	The villagers exchanged glances .
tr	NN	An unhappy grunt behind me got my attention and I twisted to look over my shoulder , immediately meeting gazes with Sawyer 's intimidating father .
tr	NNS	' No drugs , she was tortured however . '
tr	NNS	In ' normal ' people -- for lack of a better term -- these clear cells serve no purpose .
tr	NNS	My instincts tell me that she is a special girl and deserving of very special care . "
tr	NNS	Runes of power and designs of magic covered his robes , defended his person , and amplified his abilities .
tr	NN	A fat drop spilled with a blink , landing in a delicate splat on her hands folded in her lap .
tr	NN	Love went to help but she stepped to one side .
tr	NNS	At the head of each bunk , heavy chains hung from the wood , rusted with time .
tr	NN	The bullet would have bored right through my heart if I hadn 't been using my magic to protect myself .
tr	NNS	The images must be fierce .
tr	NNS	The Queen came up short , still hissing , her fingernails curved to hideously sharp points .
tr	NN	I snapped the arrow off and threw it down , the tip still stuck deep .
tr	NN	Part of it is money from your dad and part from generous donors who like to see the local artists appreciated and showcased .
tr	NN	The dragon howled and changed its course .
tr	NN	" All I lack is the desire to vomit . "
tr	NN	As we walked , her robe changed colors , reflecting every shade of the moon - white , silver , blue , gold , even red .
tr	NNS	The coins disappeared in a flash .
tr	NN	A reward for services rendered . "
tr	NNS	Things that a non-magical person would mistake for an odd or ancient symbol , some kind of artwork , but again , they struck out .
tr	NN	There was progress and optimism and dynamism .
tr	NNS	The kisses started out slow as Garrett willed a response from her .
tr	NNS	Out on the terrace , minutes later , the three couples began dancing to music provided by the live band .
tr	NN	His deep growl was frightening , but she refused to turn away .
tr	NNS	But when she spoke , her cop instincts seemed to take control because she sounded quite calm .
tr	NNS	The gunmen locked them in with only a small lantern left for light .
tr	NN	Her apron had food splatters all over the front and some stains looked like hand prints .
tr	NN	Love glanced at Stuart .
tr	NNS	Strange designs and flames reappeared at the side of his neck before ending at his right ear and the bottom of his chin .
tr	NNS	The targets weren 't too far from him .
tr	NNS	But most mines have shut or are laying off workers .
tr	NN	" You ' l have to try harder next week . "
tr	NN	The pendant settled against my chest .
tr	NNS	Waves lifted and washed across the docks , even up onto the pontoons , swamping the deck platforms .
tr	NNS	Things were moving too quickly .
tr	NNS	The signs were there ; her lips were pressed hard against each other , her eyes were narrow , her head was slightly angled upwards .
tr	NNS	His footsteps rang out against the floorboards in measured treads as he walked towards the bar .
tr	NN	An offense like murder would get me locked up in prison in Rogue if I was lucky .
tr	NNS	Chartres waved the stopper beneath her nose , releasing a delicate tendril of scent .
tr	NN	A scar bisected the side of his forehead , adding an air of danger .
tr	NNS	" Folks back east know all about it .
tr	NNS	There were four horse stalls , so we know the family was pretty well off for their day .
tr	NNS	Ahead of them , the palace gates swung open .
tr	NN	" You can 't even save those people , " the werewolf pointed out .
tr	NNS	The three security androids took a moment to process what had just happened .
tr	NNS	His calculations were wrong ; too much of one thing , not enough of another .
tr	NN	The lapping of the waves was peaceful .
tr	NN	The knight paused , looking for the door he 'd just been hammering with his shoulder .
tr	NNS	His photoshopping skills had produced a masterful passport photo page and a convincing photo card driving license .
tr	NNS	My siblings were all in their twenties when they turned .
tr	NNS	Things had gone from somewhat awkward to overboard with the revelation that he 'd " forgotten " to invite me .
tr	NN	All the dwarfs stopped and looked up in silence , staring at Rachel .
tr	NN	The melding will leave a little rash on the skin of the person you touch but that is it .
tr	NN	" Borden , " Jazz said .
tr	NN	An introduction is in order . "
tr	NNS	The images showcased a type of twisted sadism that most reserved for those not of their kind .
tr	NNS	Off came large strips of meat , which he in turn cut down into small portions .
tr	NN	Terror struck her , understanding that her people were all but powerless against this killer .
tr	NNS	Flames rushed through the network of limbs .
tr	NNS	Bosom buddies and sudden rivalries , giggling nudges and sulky competition for the occasional dapper male guest , often a doctor or specialist of some sort .
tr	NN	" What the f - ? "
tr	NN	Part of me didn 't want to go off to college .
tr	NNS	' So movies don 't put you to sleep any more ? '
tr	NN	Is there a welcoming committee ?
tr	NN	A perfect glowing square appeared in the dark material .
tr	NNS	But even more puzzling was trying to understand the purpose of that lifetime .
tr	NNS	Kira 's attributes were like a torch shining on all his dark years of ruthlessness .
tr	NNS	The batteries will probably last . "
tr	NN	Your umbrella can change the movement of the molecules in your face and hair so that they produce a different appearance .
tr	NNS	The ladies held up the hems of their tunics to keep them out of the mud as they hurried out the front door .
tr	NN	The agent fell forward without a sound , his eyes still registering shock as he lay on the ground .
tr	NN	The streams of energy briefly flowed aimlessly around their own trunk .
tr	NN	Inside was a molten , metal shell .
tr	NN	And just like that , a squirrel scampered up the pine , all the way to the top .
tr	NN	Should I marry , the ranch would go to my husband , and Uncle Jose would lose control .
tr	NN	His manner to Karen remained kind and considerate , but there was no sparkle of happiness in him .
tr	NNS	When are your finals ? "
tr	NNS	At once his servants and guards swept back the debris .
tr	NNS	When radiation rippled outward , all our origins grew at once .
tr	NNS	Cars crowded the parking lot ; some had overflowed to the street and the neighboring field .
tr	NNS	There are basketball courts , a pool , and a gym that I 'm surprised to find is as well-equipped as ours .
tr	NN	Just as he cleared away from the creature 's trajectory , the creature 's beak suddenly came into view .
tr	NNS	There were a few key differences .
tr	NN	As fast as a lightning strike the eel lunged at me .
tr	NN	At that moment the spider jumped from the curtains onto the floor , and began scuttling towards Agnes near the piano .
tr	NNS	The visitors clearly meant a lot to Shane , so she decided not to argue .
tr	NN	Here the routine expands .
tr	NNS	Their directions took them to a large almost new motel in the northeast quadrant of the city .
tr	NN	The knight lowered his sword .
tr	NNS	Marius barked laughter and Colton couldn 't help but smile .
tr	NN	There was a small flashlight on a key chain .
tr	NN	' In case the intruder is still there ? '
tr	NNS	Looks don 't matter .
tr	NNS	There were objections from some Jewish religious leaders ; but , surprisingly , there were voices supporting the move as well .
tr	NN	Part of her wanted to be turned off by it , to be disgusted , but she wasn 't .
tr	NN	" Or an iPod hookup .
tr	NN	A divorce is simply out of the question .
tr	NN	The leader swiped at the Cylon with its cape , but he caught it and yanked Blue to the floor .
tr	NN	Part of me wants him to touch me .
tr	NN	If the people resist the government , the government will release the military on its people .
tr	NN	There is no other plausible explanation for his good looks or charm .
tr	NN	But Link didn 't hesitate .
tr	NNS	Black , white , grey and brown , wolves of every imaginable size and shape were everywhere .
tr	NNS	Heavy footsteps descended the stairs at a run , jerking me out of my speculations .
tr	NNS	The images of clothes floated across her reflection .
tr	NN	Guaranteed anonymity is part of the deal . "
tr	NN	" If a bul et 's bil et , you are doomed to fal , " sang out the drenched werewolf , skipping several of the words .
tr	NNS	His skills went far beyond those of any human male .
tr	NNS	The ports will be slow for years to come , I 'm afraid , and with the new tax laws , your debts will only grow .
tr	NN	The clang of dishes seemed to deliberately interrupt and punctuate their words .
tr	NN	The boot landed thump and I landed just beside it , barely a millisecond ahead .
tr	NNS	" Scrambled eggs , hash browns with no butter , rye toast .
tr	NN	After the first two weeks of brutal practice , the schedule changed and didn 't start until eight in the morning .
tr	NNS	During the day , the vamps will be as weak as humans .
tr	NN	" The real Self is everywhere and everything . "
tr	NNS	There , lurking all around us , were wolves .
tr	NNS	With time , your clients will revolt and you can tell them to get lost . "
tr	NN	The wolf 's growl rumbled in those words .
tr	NN	" They 're not right for this city , " said the Lecturer in Recent Runes .
tr	NN	The command was one of the strongest she had ever issued .
tr	NN	The leader looked confused .
tr	NN	The old-style phone booth cut much of the highway noise , but it acted like a huge magnifying glass in the hot August sun .
tr	NNS	But our military leaders aren 't taking these threats lightly . "
tr	NN	Surely there 's one chivalrous knight , one lord of steadfast heart and courage . "
tr	NN	That construction van would be nothing but a source of embarrassment to her now .
tr	NN	After all , her tail was a different colour .
tr	NN	" Your hunger wanted that girl , and so did mine .
tr	NNS	Virgin Soldiers were fanatically loyal and obedient .
tr	NN	The bastard thought he 'd get to her first . "
tr	NN	The ornate wrought iron gates covered in ivy listed to one side .
tr	NNS	Screams and shouts twisted through the hallway toward me .
tr	NNS	Alexis wiped the tears from her eyes .
tr	NNS	My apologies if our delay to come to your services has inconvenienced you . "
tr	NN	A few are more upbeat than the first , but most carry the soothing tempo that tone down my hunger .
tr	NN	The warrior abruptly stood up and cast an assessing look on him .
tr	NN	Terror tore through her ; she lurched to her feet , falling before him on the carpet .
tr	NN	" But yeah , my goal is that my brothers don 't have to go down this road as well . "
tr	NN	But then his adrenaline and years of a humiliating past that still stuck in the craw of his throat had kept him from feeling any pain .
tr	NNS	It was empty no more , the hyperspace trails had arrived .
tr	NN	There was some wrestling from the younger men , but the Green Party members backed down .
tr	NNS	Small bits of lace trimmed the edges and plunged low .
tr	NN	The inspector noticed a curious trace of sweat beading on the constable 's brow .
tr	NNS	Eleven sneakers gathered in front of Abbie .
tr	NNS	The Carver ancestors had originally come from Cornwall , which is why the property is called Land 's End .
tr	NN	Your American posture is enough to send me into a fit .
tr	NNS	Immediately , servants rushed into the room .
tr	NN	The second option was unacceptable .
tr	NNS	Words like " church " and " Jesus " were hard for him to swallow .
tr	NNS	From his eyes and hands , the colors of the rainbow poured out in utter contempt for death .
tr	NNS	Looks like you had fun today . "
tr	NNS	My wood centric fears don 't stop there either .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids fell closed , and she tipped her face up toward his .
tr	NNS	The fans screamed Alex 's name from behind him .
tr	NNS	The images this time were much less coherent .
tr	NN	So the rider turned aside at the last .
tr	NNS	Looks like I was going to have to beat this guy 's inflated butt with one hand .
tr	NN	The pitch of her voice rose nearly to a scream .
tr	NN	And the chant was doing strange things .
tr	NNS	Before ultimately assuming control of her mind , the insects would eat all of her grey matter and poop it out in her skull .
tr	NN	And the opera was too well-known for the managers to corrupt Ilia 's character without the critics taking exception .
tr	NN	The tip of Sullivan 's cane hit the first step .
tr	NNS	The eight inches of snow had grown to well over two feet .
tr	NN	The heartbreak in Malcolm 's eyes told me everything .
tr	NN	The drive downtown was fairly long , with traffic jams and construction zones clogging up the I-5 .
tr	NNS	Diggs didn 't look surprised .
tr	NN	The angel snorted as though he found that comment amusing .
tr	NNS	His pupils dilated in an unmistakable message of arousal - and hunger .
tr	NNS	" Things are never fair .
tr	NN	There was a salt pot in the middle of the table .
tr	NNS	Yes , my apologies were starting to tip more the smart-ass scale than the genuine one , but I was running out of ideas .
tr	NN	Before my father could reply , the comm sounded , an official tone .
tr	NNS	His associates meet me and take me to him .
tr	NNS	His partner 's fears were baseless .
tr	NNS	Girls giggled and passed around a chrome flask .
tr	NN	Ethan 's growl rumbled in her ear .
tr	NNS	Only working class Americans has kept the faith , contributing to the campaign , even more so after the death of my friends .
tr	NN	The courtroom reverberated with the echoes of Kip Rayburn 's fury .
tr	NN	My flute , they took it ! "
tr	NNS	The ventilation fans were moving some fresh air through the confined space .
tr	NN	The whimsical pattern , like the face , matched Holiday 's to a T. Kylie 's chest swelled with concern .
tr	NN	The dwarf nodded , his one aqua blue eye glittering eagerly in the cabin 's dim light .
tr	NN	" No I wont , " pouted Eric , and Joshua replied " Shut up , Eric . "
tr	NNS	Right now , there are 11 million coins in circulation .
tr	NNS	The nutrition bars were not there .
tr	NNS	" The facts are these .
tr	NN	Work on the hut continued through the end of summer and half of fall .
tr	NN	My first inclination was to open my mouth , but after my public reprimand from Michael , I was hesitant .
tr	NN	His observation pulls my gaze away from the red horse and closer to the cliffs .
tr	NN	Edward 's hands slide under my shirt and he pulls it over my head before my back hits the comforter .
tr	NN	The majority of me knew that was only a patch though , and wouldn 't fix anything .
tr	NN	The shattering cut through the music and voices .
tr	NN	That tumble off the roof of the Kinsey Building had left me feeling ancient .
tr	NNS	But your chances of getting with her are about equal to dandelions suddenly springing out of my ass . "
tr	NN	Then a soft dark-green velvet covered the desk 's surface .
tr	NNS	Other than the bank , there were a few stores owned by fresh immigrants who sold gaudy counterfeit goods .
tr	NNS	The four restaurants spread throughout the resort served everything from quick deli sandwiches to fine dining and specialty cuisines .
tr	NNS	The signs had been there .
tr	NNS	" Things have been happening ... " He grunted and rubbed a hand over his thinning hair .
tr	NNS	The footsteps grew louder .
tr	NNS	The ladies were frozen .
tr	NN	The surgeon finally got it and despatched a nurse to bring a notepad and something to write with .
tr	NN	One elemental spell she had yet to try .
tr	NN	Sure enough , there was my mommy and she was really upset .
tr	NN	" I was wondering ... , " the reverend trailed off uncomfortably .
tr	NN	The throbbing of the bond hadn 't gone away .
tr	NNS	The cameras he left behind caught it all .
tr	NN	The map on the bottom was totally void of movement .
tr	NN	The lack of obviously dangerous people did not alleviate Hart 's anxiousness for Ian .
tr	NN	Another thrust made her head fall back as the pleasure drowned out those initial twinges of pain .
tr	NN	" What 's your theory , Professor ? "
tr	NN	At this , a low chorus of whispers grew inside the hall .
tr	NN	The red van wasn 't there , and Jake wondered why .
tr	NN	Slowly , careful y , I rested my head against his chest .
tr	NN	" I was pleased to do it , " the secretary told her .
tr	NNS	Things should go smoothly after my birthday next year . "
tr	NN	Their bark was full of moss and falling off in pieces .
tr	NNS	Alexis resumes her post and Jill retreats , surprising me by taking a seat next to me .
tr	NN	An elf with delicate , angular features stepped into the soft blue light of the room .
tr	NN	Your race is so arrogant . "
tr	NN	A thrill of excitement shot through her .
tr	NN	Or had some ancient Maya stood where they were now and returned home with the knowledge ?
tr	NN	So far his intestinal discomfort had not been quite as bad as usual , though it often lessened when he left the bad air of the City .
tr	NNS	Mine and Cindy 's rockets are full , Jimmy !
tr	NN	Finally , her teacher emerges to usher the group away .
tr	NNS	Hephaestus opens his mouth , undoubtedly to claim he does care , but Ares cuts him off .
tr	NN	Within moments , a disheveled maid flew down the steps .
tr	NN	Any decline in performance would go against everything that identifies us as unique .
tr	NNS	The " executive office suites " had served him well , but his business had grown .
tr	NN	He real y had my attention .
tr	NNS	The ladies wiped his face and chest and poured alcohol on his wound .
tr	NNS	Striking deals were second nature to her .
tr	NN	That weak mortal hunter , Duncan , cannot save you .
tr	NN	Let 's take it from there , ' Love said .
tr	NN	Apprentice , graduate , Leon 's and some of them 's mine but not a lot .
tr	NN	There was gas down in the tanks , but no way to get it above ground .
tr	NNS	No doubt when all of this is finally made public , your major clients will wonder how trustworthy AGP really are . "
tr	NNS	There were rumours that their tender was the lowest .
tr	NNS	Flowers bloomed at each side , rivers as clear as crystals winding throughout .
tr	NN	The pilot was another matter .
tr	NNS	" How many letters were inside ? "
tr	NN	If anyone else was with him , the unpredictability factor shot sky-high .
tr	NN	Her body buzzed and his tongue started a slow dance with hers .
tr	NNS	" Whatever they were , those creatures hit us hard and fast , and drove us out before we could mount a proper defense .
tr	NN	He must not know proper etiquette , the darling virgin .
tr	NN	While the aircraft was being refueled for the flight to Europe , the base commander invited the crew in for dinner at the Officers ' Club .
tr	NN	A huge demonic eel unleashes itself at him , rising out of the boat like an arrow shot from a bow .
tr	NN	The big warrior increased his pace to a jog .
tr	NNS	Others needed a twisty corkscrew .
tr	NN	One goodnight kiss . "
tr	NN	No , his reputation was everything .
tr	NNS	Our screens never come on , and we get only brief audio updates from Coin about the nature of the bombs .
tr	NNS	The roof tiles trembled with the noise .
tr	NN	Everyone was inside , all the vehicle doors were closed , all the equipment packed away .
tr	NNS	The house servants all fussed over Amira from the instant she stepped out of the coach .
tr	NNS	Even ogres have to eat , and this one didn 't keep his campsite neat .
tr	NNS	They argued on the porch , brands raised .
tr	NNS	Several small creatures -- childlike , pale , and naked -- cowered in the corner .
tr	NNS	Images of boy bands passed through his head , ridiculous images .
tr	NN	The following whirlwind of activity was something of a revelation for Tessa .
tr	NN	There was a click as the woman hung up .
tr	NNS	Things grew increasingly bizarre when it became obvious the two weren 't quite sure what to do with each other .
tr	NN	The staircase began wide at the bottom , followed the curve of the wall up , and grew narrow at the top .
tr	NNS	His pupils dilated as he pushed Nicolai back .
tr	NN	On the front page of the newspaper was a photograph of her father with Victoria Aniston and Katrina .
tr	NN	The murderer had stuffed him into the latrine .
tr	NN	Beneath my fingertips , her pulse beats wildly .
tr	NNS	Elias gave her what he thought of as his most winning smile , the one he used to close multimillion-dollar deals around the world .
tr	NNS	Silver and gold chains hung his neck .
tr	NN	This shaky pen is my esophagus .
tr	NN	" Where does this ' bronze ' come from originally ? "
tr	NNS	Additional tests were forthcoming , and they might provide further information .
tr	NN	Tap , tap , tap , the pen beats faster .
tr	NNS	Reyes went back to his punching bag .
tr	NN	The route of running back home wasn 't an option .
tr	NN	Besides , the demon pilot begged me to unfreeze his family , volunteering to do anything for me .
tr	NNS	There are some small factors that did sway it though .
tr	NN	" The secretary , " Secretary Stanton snapped , " is asking nothing .
tr	NN	The mystic ran strong in her and everything she had been taught by the aunts was ready to feed her instincts should she need aid .
tr	NNS	Twirling lasers flashed red sharks , yellow sea horses , and purple hearts .
tr	NNS	All areas sealed off automatically .
tr	NN	And as he stared into the small depression where only yesterday an ancient shipwreck lay , the ranger surmised the same thing had happened here .
tr	NNS	Its stone rough colors helped it hide into the forest 's natural landscape .
tr	NNS	Their footsteps receded down the corridor .
tr	NN	" We don 't want to get too close , " said his lieutenant .
tr	NNS	Girls , pick a pretty dress .
tr	NNS	The wolves were a long line , spanning several thousand years .
tr	NNS	The wetness that met my touch surprised me .
tr	NN	His obvious misery at his new , tenuous status in life filled me with dark satisfaction .
tr	NNS	But beyond shame , which was self-indulgent and worthless , something harsher tore at him .
tr	NNS	Werewolves were powerful , horrible creatures .
tr	NN	The Master continued : ' King Richard , emboldened by his victory at Acre , prepares to move south , towards Jerusalem .
tr	NN	Indeed , his manner was genial , even deferential , though extremely grave .
tr	NN	His goal was to bathe her , both of them , and only give what she wanted .
tr	NNS	His other cousins he also regarded as blatant hypocrites , with appropriate contempt .
tr	NNS	The elves nurtured and protected the tree , while at the same time the tree fed and cared for the elves as well .
tr	NNS	There were no witnesses and no surveillance cameras in the area .
tr	NNS	There were several trails through the grass going towards the tree .
tr	NN	In human form , this werewolf looked similar enough to Dare to be his twin .
tr	NN	Part of her was certain that she had imagined it .
tr	NN	" Love and hate are close friends and are easily confused .
tr	NNS	Everywhere there were costumes and the Scorpio drummers and the wail of the singers .
tr	NNS	44 HE 'S HERE ! "
tr	NNS	Then the media moved onto the next tale of woe .
tr	NNS	No worries about who would see us , recognize us .
tr	NNS	A million malformed ideas invade my brain on how to pretend , avoid , hide .
tr	NNS	Twelve inches of it were visible beneath the table .
tr	NNS	Andrew , there are millions of robots on Earth now .
tr	NN	At least the pilot was air force .
tr	NNS	No official roads led up to it , but there were deep grooves in the dirt from vehicles driving by , many of them fresh .
tr	NN	A clearing opened in front of them , and moonlight shone on a crude little shack made of weathered wood .
tr	NN	Reality did not exist ; he saw it for the illusion it was and could unravel it and return it to its true state with a thought .
tr	NN	The bruise on her lower back was more painful than ever , probably due to her unorthodox sleeping position .
tr	NNS	Absurd , pompous , self-important Rowe , with his hood drawn up over his shamefully bald head and his goatee dripping spit .
tr	NN	' Her grandmother died about eighteen months ago , some months after my mother .
tr	NN	His only option was to pitch out towards the fairway , but could only advance the ball 15 yards .
tr	NNS	His wolves fanned behind him , all of them growling .
tr	NNS	Her hopes for a few heartening moments with Skyler withered away .
tr	NN	The bullet missed his head .
tr	NN	And pure instinct had me pulling my gun from its holster .
tr	NN	His approval freed everyone to express their appreciation , or to feign it .
tr	NN	" Well , electrical stimulation did in fact produce results in lizards who don 't normally regenerate a tail . "
tr	NNS	These creatures tend to live on the outskirts of our world .
tr	NNS	The lies she 'd told the old Cajun had come back to haunt her .
tr	NNS	The soft glow returned to him at the entrance , revealing rough notches dug into the side of the tunnel as it descended .
tr	NN	But her potential savior had left , and Rory had never been able to track them down .
tr	NN	At last , her thrashing stilled , and recognition lit her features .
tr	NN	A pattern emerged , and he suddenly perked up .
tr	NN	The scar on Oliver 's face became distorted .
tr	NNS	Together our two planets defeated an enemy that neither of us could have stood against alone .
tr	NNS	Girls were just like his dolls and it was sometimes frustrating to see how he got such a range of enthusiasm from the female side .
tr	NN	The Master watched as he closed and locked the gate , before entering the impressive building through one of the side doors .
tr	NN	' Death , ' said Susan , flatly .
tr	NN	The salad had a funny taste .
tr	NNS	Half dozen cameras , mounted in various locations , could either remain stationary or set to automatically scan .
tr	NNS	No planes fell from the sky , no sheriff appeared , and swarms of locusts were conspicuously absent .
tr	NN	The stairwell kept heading downwards , looping around and around , but never leading to another level .
tr	NN	In the middle of the table was a spider .
tr	NNS	Even the servants thought my presence an embarrassment to the household .
tr	NNS	The wolves were not happy , but so far they were cooperating .
tr	NNS	Cassidy 's hackles rose , instincts telling her she did not want to go in there .
tr	NNS	Images of Adela in her little purple silk number danced through his head , and he wondered if he should put the moves on her .
tr	NN	The dull , flickering flashlight cast weird shadows and barely penetrated the darkness .
tr	NNS	The cousins from Hillsborough called , but he assured them they must not come in .
tr	NN	The receptionist barely looked up when I signed the log on the counter , using some made-up name .
tr	NNS	Cassius raised a hand .
tr	NNS	Gun shots and alarms woke me up in the morning but I was not in the apartment .
tr	NN	She real y wasn 't looking so good .
tr	NNS	When he turned , the drops of rain crept in through the bars on the windows and mingled with the blood seeping along Skyler 's cut .
tr	NN	Bern 's manner stiffened , perhaps knowing what the answer must be .
tr	NNS	Her whole hypothesis was shocking .
tr	NN	The silver powder in one vial , for example , could have been a few different Alchemist compounds .
tr	NNS	But that growing paleness did not speak of typical fatigue ; it spoke of something more .
tr	NNS	Guns flew from their holsters , all of them pointing at Cinder .
tr	NNS	Their shouts sounded like a roar .
tr	NN	The curving staircase led to a large foyer with a chandelier and light blue marbled floors .
tr	NNS	Her instincts began to thrum heavily as she thought about the Palace .
tr	NN	No passion meant no pain .
tr	NNS	the Scottish elves now marched back to the beached inflatable .
tr	NN	His mate curled on the bed next to him , a ball of misery .
tr	NNS	The two pets were nowhere to be seen .
tr	NN	Not if the Assembly votes to put you in command of the city .
tr	NNS	The big gray Mercedes , looking very out of place in these deep woods , began to creep down the shadowy track again .
tr	NNS	The bright colors looked alien in the stark white hallway .
tr	NN	Now the redhead was wearing a gray pencil skirt , a sleeveless green button-up blouse with tiny ruffles on the deep V neckline , and three-inch heels .
tr	NNS	Those hounds went silent before Cain ever left the cabin . "
tr	NNS	Images flashed : ... a long bare throat .
tr	NN	The trumpets called again .
tr	NN	" Yes -- the Empire cannot be defied !
tr	NNS	Without a wasted moment the assailants wrapped her in a blanket .
tr	NNS	The paws of the beast flew across the ground .
tr	NN	The commander was her most trusted aide , dutiful and reverent .
tr	NN	There was a wrinkle in the middle of her forehead she always got when she was utterly confused .
tr	NN	" So high an honor ... Earl Hugh could have had any woman he wanted but he chose you . "
tr	NNS	Spousal arrangements are somewhat different here from what you know outside . "
tr	NNS	Both fathers laughed and continued to chat .
tr	NN	" I said ; we 're busy , " gran barked .
tr	NNS	On cases like this , Charles 's computer skills save us from a wild goose chase .
tr	NN	His robe was dark blue , and gems glittered on his fingers when he moved his hand .
tr	NNS	My grandparents and David found me after the ceremony , standing with Katie , Jen , and Val .
tr	NNS	Stumbling backwards he whispered into his walkman " I need backup right away - don 't reply .
tr	NNS	Things were going well .
tr	NN	The snake probably would have caught him anyway , whether he was tied to the tree or not . "
tr	NNS	What were the chances of that ?
tr	NN	The old dragon had hauled his enormous bulk up and stood behind his son .
tr	NNS	Doors opened , but silence was everywhere .
tr	NNS	" Do my actions violate the Hippocratic Oath I took as a young man and revere to this day ?
tr	NNS	Hugo 's efforts at credit parity were mild at best .
tr	NNS	The last year , there had been phone calls , meetings at odd hours .
tr	NNS	There was still one Prescott .
tr	NN	First , your moron fails to kill Phillips , then your lack of warning allows them to steal my tanks , and now something else ?
tr	NNS	Words wouldn 't come , and neither would her breath .
tr	NNS	His own burned with passion , his pupils nearly dilated .
tr	NN	" The progress of the disease is similar , yes , but here 's the thing : Bishop 's blood contains antibodies .
tr	NN	Ian 's valet , Curry , ate with gusto , the former pickpocket still reveling in the fact that he now lived the high life .
tr	NN	A fully charged shield could take several plasma blasts , a few spells , and maybe twenty pounds of blunt force .
tr	NN	Apparently , her future mother-in-law had her doubts .
tr	NNS	There were no street signs or names , and no other pedestrians ; the only constant was the moon moving through thick clouds overhead .
tr	NN	The instrument panel looked nothing like that of the Japanese Zero .
tr	NNS	The gates were both real and invisible things .
tr	NN	A firestorm of feelings as his tongue swept into her mouth , asking and demanding .
tr	NN	" Where 's my cupcake , Mama ? "
tr	NN	" The healer wanted you resting . "
tr	NN	Now that her Mum 's younger brother David was grown up and gone off working in the mines her Grandma was living alone .
tr	NN	' This particular creation isn 't what it seems to be .
tr	NN	As if the arrow struck some unseen weakness , his aura falters , warbling and flickering as if its source of strength has been disconnected .
tr	NNS	Lights danced in Colby 's head as the huge , meaty hand caught the side of his face .
tr	NNS	And our wildly bounding pursuers would have been difficult marks , even if the wagon had been still .
tr	NN	One hard contraction , my man , and you are toast .
tr	NN	In the distance , a glowing haze shone through the mists .
tr	NN	Thomas 's T-shirt covered the spot .
tr	NN	Hopefully the last exchange between her and her father had shown him why that wasn 't a good idea .
tr	NNS	The passengers laughed , or rather hacked .
tr	NN	Her would-be rescuer was causing a scene that was going to make her miss the opening .
tr	NN	The singer drags herself back to town with her tail between her legs . "
tr	NN	Strong tape kept their mouths sealed shut , too .
tr	NNS	Desperation mingled with something else in Quinn 's voice , something Kathleen recognized too well .
tr	NN	His heart condition was something that he had been born with and would have been a problem later in his life .
tr	NNS	But Cards colors in Cubs territory are nothing to worry about compared to the three scars ringing my ankle .
tr	NNS	Smells like the coffee 's ready . "
tr	NN	" Positive psychological benefit intended . "
tr	NNS	The letters raced around the walls , spelling out words Clary couldn 't read .
tr	NNS	For a moment , the two cousins stared at each other , before Opal stepped up to Dixon .
tr	NN	Mark 's thirtieth birthday is this Saturday . "
tr	NNS	His kisses tasted like whiskey , and they landed right and true .
tr	NNS	The roads were quiet and deserted .
tr	NN	The intruder was in the guest bedroom , just a short hall length away .
tr	NNS	Shoot outs were common .
tr	NN	" Only problem is , there 's a steep ravine behind the fence .
tr	NN	As alone as the hunger will allow .
tr	NN	Surprisingly , the absence of the senior partner seemed to have been a blessing .
tr	NNS	" There 's dangerous roads everywhere .
tr	NN	There was a gap the size of the palm of his hand between the yellow mark and the unblinking eye of the hobgoblin .
tr	NNS	" And other colors don 't ? "
tr	NN	" My uncle 's court . "
tr	NN	I 'll make sure you have enough fuel trucks with you just in case , " the Task Force commander said .
tr	NN	Sandbag calmly moved the portion of hair that had been poking him and asked his own question .
tr	NNS	The smaller man 's movements were jerky and unpredictable .
tr	NNS	There were no more attempts at witty banter .
tr	NN	Our pa gave us odd middle names and usually they were the names of the town or profession that related to the apostle we were named after .
tr	NNS	And then hunting horns began blowing behind them .
tr	NN	And he ' l make it slow . "
tr	NN	She tried not to dwell on it , but every time she pushed it out of her mind , the magnitude of her action overwhelmed her .
tr	NN	The hard construction boot of the attacker plowed into his back and Dylan fell forward like a rag doll .
tr	NN	Part of being able to resist his indecent proposition depended on not having temptation shoved in her face at every turn .
tr	NN	" Some young peasant that a vampire was playing with .
tr	NNS	His back hurt , his leg throbbed , his wrists were rubbed raw from the shackles .
tr	NNS	Others usually allowed me the secret advantage of picking through their unguarded thoughts .
tr	NN	The headlight washes over our rubble , throwing long shadows into the ruins .
tr	NNS	Five figures appeared tentatively over the brow .
tr	NNS	Age spots peppered his face and hands .
tr	NNS	" By God , Alistair ... " Michael stared for a long moment , then tossed back the contents of his glass in one swallow .
tr	NNS	Four private planes were now at their disposal .
tr	NN	Her resolve is as strong as steel .
tr	NNS	" Not millions , " said Yama .
tr	NN	The rhythm guitarist was tall and slender , in his late forties , with a dark-haired wife he 'd been with for nearly twenty years .
tr	NNS	" The Others let an ambulance come in and take Roger to a city hospital .
tr	NN	The blob smacked against the wall and smashed apart .
tr	NN	An ugly grimace crossed the Bastian 's lips .
tr	NN	The writing was on the wall .
tr	NN	Their progress was slow and awkward , thanks to her injury .
tr	NNS	When they 're activated , the UV bars would contain the Ancient inside better than the strongest , thickest kind of metal . "
tr	NNS	Sheds collapsed upon themselves in storms , wells became inexplicably polluted and stagnant .
tr	NN	Then , a knight cut an enemy 's head for burping . "
tr	NNS	Those signs could give her some clue as to what Elizabeth 's master plan really was .
tr	NN	Terror creases his face .
tr	NN	His riding crop was right on his nightstand .
tr	NN	The damage was right in front of us now .
tr	NNS	Gradually , his kisses grew deeper , longer , hotter .
tr	NN	A sparking stroke of energy snakes out from the edge of the portal and strikes Lance in the chest .
tr	NNS	The servants who 'd been with him a long time barely glanced at Hart , going on about their business without breaking stride .
tr	NN	" It is the law , " said Arun the helper .
tr	NNS	Lots of foreigners come to this country and then decide they 're never going home .
tr	NN	Then , the raging and yelling and the begging , as it gave way to cracking bones and gurgling blood .
tr	NNS	Then the extra tightness eased up , and I started to move when she pulled it tighter again .
tr	NNS	" The wolves had an advantage -- they could have torn into you just as easily .
tr	NN	" And the cutest little cream dress with a blue feather pattern . "
tr	NNS	The final three exchanges were wild .
tr	NNS	His tentacles swayed and moved independently from side to side as he stared at me with those strange , large eyes .
tr	NN	A fine layer of dust had settled on everything , blown from the deserts .
tr	NN	The cementing factor was the Catholic Church but the Pope wasn 't in favor of linking politics and the Vatican together .
tr	NNS	On his last trip , the " roads " had been difficult to navigate .
tr	NN	" Any glamour done by the deceased would have dropped as soon as she 'd died . "
tr	NNS	Beautiful dresses swirl this way and that .
tr	NN	And the big werewolf laughed as his men grabbed Connor 's body and tossed him onto the nearest gurney .
tr	NNS	The elves also spoke of a special herd of horses that lived in the valley and how they 'd begun caring for the creatures .
tr	NNS	Rawlings smirked and wiped his mouth .
tr	NNS	What were the chances of seeing the woman in a city the size of New York anyway ?
tr	NN	Thankfully , the strong breeze vanished , while I squatted on the railing platform , soothing her hair .
tr	NN	' A little melodramatic , don 't you think ? '
tr	NNS	Her fingernails had dug into his skin , and she 'd bit her lip .
tr	NN	The cord snapped inside me , recoiling like whiplash , and then it was gone .
tr	NNS	Maris peeked around his shoulder , assessing the situation .
tr	NN	The sheer magnitude of personal information that he 'd gleaned from hundreds of millions of people from across the world was invaluable .
tr	NN	The warrior put off a lot of heat and it had been toasty warm in the bed .
tr	NN	An eruption ensued , flooding the area with voices and pleas .
tr	NNS	Crimson tights work well below that .
tr	NNS	" There are female relatives and coven members around to provide warnings if a mother has died , usually .
tr	NNS	There weren 't even a few dresses .
tr	NN	The trio walked up the large steps and pushed open the double doors .
tr	NNS	Three squares a day , " she says .
tr	NN	Now there was the notion of a second child ; a thought both exalting and terrifying .
tr	NNS	So planets like this were littered with junk .
tr	NN	A small sub , attack type , nuclear . "
tr	NN	The acknowledgment disturbed her .
tr	NNS	Questions buzzed in her brain , demanding answers .
tr	NNS	Dogs began barking in the distance .
tr	NNS	Things had happened so quickly that she wasn 't thinking straight but surely there should have been guards .
tr	NN	Another excruciating cramp sent her sailing back , doubling her over her thighs .
tr	NNS	What if the triangles were corners ?
tr	NN	Just how muddled was the security operation ?
tr	NN	The hesitation was just long enough for Adela to realise that there was more to what she was being offered than she had been told so far .
tr	NNS	So many deaths , so much grief to be spread out in such a tiny community .
tr	NN	" Real y miss you . "
tr	NN	This conflict is over .
tr	NN	" There 's no agenda , but I see Barbara has nevertheless provided you with a brief .
tr	NN	Simon 's mother Lizzy had drilled into him how she and Fin had returned to the sixteenth century with only one stone .
tr	NNS	Things had settled down in the world .
tr	NNS	Her hand movements stilled and both Nikki and Kevin stared at the monitor .
tr	NN	Overhead , gunfire chattered from the open door of the chopper 's rear cabin as it rushed past .
tr	NN	Their first instinct would be to immediately report the missing shipment to their boss .
tr	NNS	As her body obviously responded positively to his touch , his caresses gradually become more sexual in intent .
tr	NNS	Behind the counter , rows of tall shelves extended into the distance .
tr	NN	The twig caught in his hair , but he calmly pulled it out and tossed it aside .
tr	NNS	The banks were mostly gravel with patches of knee-high weeds and grasses .
tr	NNS	" No sudden movements and it 'll be okay . "
tr	NNS	Now only tours came here , four hundred dollars a head to explore the haunted place .
tr	NN	The bullet through the abdomen is a through and through , but the one near the heart is lodged in the back rib cage .
tr	NN	A new plume of sparks belched upward from within the molten core of the crater , making the rubble shift and groan .
tr	NNS	Old tales said it had something to do with the first King , but I have no knowledge of it .
tr	NNS	Sadness and a deep loneliness that neither friends nor family had been able to dispel had been her constant , invisible companions .
tr	NNS	The hallucinations could all be memories . "
tr	NNS	Misty 's instincts about this were good , honed by growing up in neighborhoods where it was survival to tell the difference .
tr	NNS	He scanned the room , then turned the power of those baby blues on her .
tr	NN	The contract gives them a five day inspection period .
tr	NN	" Who will my new teacher be ? "
tr	NNS	By the end of October , Philadelphia churches were able to reopen and soon businesses followed suit .
tr	NN	" Where is the spout ? "
tr	NN	The spider must be in its web .
tr	NN	The colonel led him outside to a small contracted moving van .
tr	NNS	There were gaps , omissions of information , that they suspected were deliberate , so that blood prophets could do very few things independently .
tr	NNS	But the ladies must like them , so maybe they liked him too .
tr	NNS	Hall monitors , wearing badges and wintry expressions , stood in every corridor waiting for someone to break the rules .
tr	NNS	Even the members of his own council , standing at attention behind him , had no idea what he had been planning to say .
tr	NNS	Others have already made up their minds .
tr	NNS	Your trust funds are frozen , and your credit cards canceled - " " You can 't do that ! "
tr	NNS	Once they are out of the establishment and are walking on the beach , the other pirates sitting in the establishment begin commenting .
tr	NNS	The fleas bit George and me -- and leapt , satiated , to the floor -- but eventually they died .
tr	NN	There was no burrow for him to duck into if a predator came .
tr	NN	The ragged inhale just stopped as his life seeped out of him .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of the falls turned her mind to another subject .
tr	NNS	As far as I know , all the planets that use the language are purely agrarian or mining and don 't produce electronic goods .
tr	NNS	As they stepped slowly through the clearing , Damien 's paws occasionally brushed against the corpses and he would draw back .
tr	NN	A wisp of hair had come loose and was fluttering gently against her cheek .
tr	NN	The roar in the room turned deafening , and Sarah spun about to see Julie dangling her stocking from one finger .
tr	NNS	She grabbed his wrist , her fingernails digging into his flesh until he winced .
tr	NNS	' Dangerous Beans says we shouldn 't live by trickery . '
tr	NNS	The fierceness of barking dogs and male voices permeate the air .
tr	NN	The backdrop to the cabin was the continuing side of the mountain we were on , framing it like a fantastic painting .
tr	NNS	The expressions hinting they all wished to be elsewhere .
tr	NNS	The wolves continued to move onwards on the Knight , encircling him .
tr	NNS	There were three huts which stood together on the far side .
tr	NNS	Particularly the twins , being boys , after having only daughters herself . '
tr	NN	" The autopsy had to show something . "
tr	NN	A vampire trick , he was certain .
tr	NN	The video switched to an aerial shot from WBEZ ' s helicopter .
tr	NN	Her honesty seemed to take him off guard .
tr	NNS	Nick exits stage right as Josie enters from stage right .
tr	NNS	" Never happy eh Phil ?
tr	NNS	Their minds also reeled with doubt and questions .
tr	NNS	" Six inches of fast-moving water can knock you right off your feet .
tr	NN	The celebration ended in a feast .
tr	NNS	Wings had sprung from his back and he 'd flown her through Budapest .
tr	NN	the porter asked as he reached Arthur and the drunk .
tr	NN	His flashlight played against the end of the bed .
tr	NN	This time master points forward .
tr	NN	' I 'd be delighted , ' Love said .
tr	NN	The yard , the porch - all of it was empty .
tr	NN	The method employed the technology known as memes as its primary force .
tr	NNS	The ladies at the camps were mourning for their husbands ' return .
tr	NN	" And well , looking over all the work of every data entry , all eighteen of you are working , well , well below par . "
tr	NNS	On the couch were two ratty looking cats that ruffled their fur and growled as we came into the room .
tr	NN	Of course , his mate 's name .
tr	NNS	Individual crashes were so many and frequent that they blended into something like the sound of a jet engine at two feet .
tr	NN	The joking bravado vanished from his face , revealing my Jacob underneath , like pulling a mask away .
tr	NNS	" Their peaks reach higher than all other mountains .
tr	NN	" That my perception of safety was as false as my perception of life .
tr	NN	Another potent stirring within that felt eerily close to jealousy , but I shoved the impression away .
tr	NNS	As we do nothing the more adventurous start wandering off in search of treasure -- food , water , weapons or technology .
tr	NN	And finally , a gigantic , monstrous spider , dark and twisted , all black with white markings and howling with rage .
tr	NNS	Then the tightness was quickening inside her , the familiar crescendo , her flesh fluttering around his girth .
tr	NN	A reflection , Henry had called it , but unlike the one with him and Persephone , this one wasn 't a hope or a wish .
tr	NN	The sickening thud of flesh against flesh and the cracking of bones echoed over the plain , and the monster was sent rolling into the reeds .
tr	NNS	The members of the Screenwriters Guild were outraged .
tr	NN	The lettuce and ice cream are cold , while the rest of it is hot .
tr	NNS	Animals don 't perceive beauty .
tr	NN	Every instinct in me that wanted to keep the pack together screamed that I should go after Len .
tr	NNS	Reapers have the advantage .
tr	NNS	The cougar became even more aggressive , its movements driven by a fixation on helpless Laura .
tr	NNS	" Your Highness , " Sonya said .
tr	NN	Part of me knew I was babbling .
tr	NN	That giggle was old man David !
tr	NNS	" With due respect , sir , " Hawthorne began , " there are no independent solutions .
tr	NN	A hawk circles high above , silently watching the landscape below .
tr	NNS	There were some grins and light laughs but no confessions .
tr	NN	Cat 's description of his ex only confirmed Kira 's speculation .
tr	NN	The captain stepped into the large office .
tr	NN	" Love " was still off his radar and a bit too disconcerting to contemplate , but he was willing to admit he felt something for Haylie .
tr	NNS	The members of the Thieves ' Guild were all present .
tr	NNS	Eventually , investors saw the potential of the area and began to throw money into a dream of restoration .
tr	NN	Where 'd this tip come in from ? "
tr	NN	Her belly was in knots .
tr	NNS	The bed dips as my mom takes a seat on the foot of it .
tr	NN	" I can 't say , " said the chaplain .
tr	NNS	His lovers in the past had always been demanding .
tr	NN	That sentence stopped my finger midway down the glass .
tr	NN	There was no hesitation ; two muffled shots hit Catriona in the chest , her body convulsed with each shot .
tr	NN	The coroner came shortly afterward and it was Alix who answered his questions , too .
tr	NN	He was far larger and more powerful than a natural snow leopard , his pelt creamy white and branded with a black jagged pattern .
tr	NN	His pen poised over his notebook .
tr	NN	When I 'd formed my plan to escape , my only goal had been to find Sister Agrippa 's convent .
tr	NNS	There are a third of a million cases every year that are not famous .
tr	NN	After the last boy had gone Rico strolled over to them , his damp T-shirt clinging to his body .
tr	NNS	The coaches had other plans .
tr	NN	When we came to the border where I left my clothes , the butterfly perched itself on a tree branch .
tr	NNS	Gramps cries happily , taking a seat and bending over to look at it .
tr	NNS	Her foot lands in a patch of thick moss , sinking in .
tr	NNS	The roads were unrecognisable .
tr	NN	The crash had thrown Allie clear out of the girl 's body .
tr	NNS	In reality , there were a great many private spaces in this house , especially here in the south wing .
tr	NNS	" There are werewolves and demons too . "
tr	NNS	Soldiers are lining up before me .
tr	NN	A moment later there was a thud , and Boy 412 lay sprawled in the darkness beside her .
tr	NNS	Until chemotherapy yanked the lustrous strands from her head , leaving in their place a few dull wisps which she hid under a yellow bandana .
tr	NNS	But there were more strange and totally inexplicable effects to come .
tr	NNS	Others actually seemed to seize on it , to channel it into furious thought and action .
tr	NN	Same response when her brother Cam approached them .
tr	NNS	Usually decipher programs take days , and this time , it took only a few minutes without even fouling up or crashing .
tr	NNS	Business letters , business letters , requisition forms ... " I remember when it began , " Farley said .
tr	NNS	Your drugs won 't work on me .
tr	NNS	My only teachers were the animals , and they couldn 't talk .
tr	NNS	Again the warriors spoke as one , " Fire , earth , air , death ! "
tr	NNS	As I stepped forward , the wolves in front of me parted slightly .
tr	NN	Internal conflict would be disastrous for the new colony .
tr	NN	A race was about to begin .
tr	NNS	The gray marble floors were freshly polished and shining , and the tall windows would bathe the room in light while the sun reigned in the sky .
tr	NNS	Neon signs flashed in the windows -- a Jack Astor 's , a Boston Pizza , a bright green Chili Pepper for Thai Excite .
tr	NN	There was a stirring in some of the other cubicles in the office and she heard someone call out " Hey big guy ! "
tr	NNS	Kris dropped her mouth open .
tr	NN	The technique of mysticism is meditation .
tr	NNS	Things have begun to make sense to me .
tr	NNS	My grandparents built the Discovery Apartments as a way to hide that space from society .
tr	NNS	Cars and trucks carefully inched along Broad Street , water high on each side as it splashed the sidewalks .
tr	NN	A financial institution would have to be crazy to give her the cash .
tr	NN	" It 's been a really long week , " was his only explanation .
tr	NN	The small lamp beside the bed provided a bit of illumination , and he was sitting on the floor with his back to the wall .
tr	NNS	As I said , there were no witnesses . "
tr	NNS	The Native Americans , they were smart too .
tr	NNS	Blond strands stood up everywhere from the windstorm and her eyes stared back , huge .
tr	NNS	Spanish moss hung from the left hand side and stretched all the way round to the front door , hanging low and concealing the wheels beneath .
tr	NNS	Looks like he may have a slight sprain .
tr	NNS	If I ran , the gunmen would try shooting and reveal their location .
tr	NN	Like we were going to have to start working , doing homework ; kindergarten was over and we were going to have to start pulling our weight .
tr	NNS	Families and crowds of people passed by them , men in Hawaiian shirts and women in bell bottoms and frilly blouses .
tr	NNS	The movements of my wings were minute , so minute I wasn 't consciously aware of making them .
tr	NNS	Lights on the London Eye flashed in time with the seconds .
tr	NNS	The sight of him made my heart beat funny , sent prickles of anger rushing over my skin .
tr	NNS	Immediately the green chains disappeared , ending the assault on the Mother Turtle .
tr	NN	The captain sank onto a camp stool and pressed the heels of both hands against his forehead .
tr	NN	And hospice doesn 't necessarily mean the end .
tr	NNS	There are other factors involved that are even out of my influence .
tr	NN	Even Jensen 's sliver of soul was keeping quiet down there .
tr	NN	The clash of emotions kept her awake at night until sheer exhaustion closed her eyes .
tr	NNS	There are so many styles to choose from .
tr	NN	My only consolation was the hope that Vector would close so I headed to my local to tie one on and hope for the best .
tr	NN	The drag on the rope was tremendous .
tr	NN	A Comprehensive and Universal Tradition So far as religious beliefs and practices go , the Hindu tradition aims at universality .
tr	NNS	The edges of my vision turned red , and I dug my nails into my palms .
tr	NN	His honesty took the wind out of my self-righteous sails .
tr	NN	He didn , t want to scare her .
tr	NN	Without flinching the pilot quickly closed the gap with his assailant .
tr	NNS	" The Jets were in the air , hot on his trail .
tr	NN	But this contract was a little different , involving , as it did , four packages .
tr	NNS	There were descriptions of the various school plays Colleen had been in , culminating with her part in Macbeth last week .
tr	NNS	Lots of children , love and laughter , and I want you to give me those children .
tr	NN	A closer observation told me that Country Club was about my age .
tr	NN	The trailer 's in a precarious situation .
tr	NNS	The wolves all made a disgruntled face at the last part .
tr	NNS	Chess now sat across from me .
tr	NN	Love chuckled and shook his head .
tr	NN	My haze was wearing off , but clearly they were just getting starting .
tr	NN	" Watch out for lens flash , " Jazz said .
tr	NNS	" Slave traders are busy grabbing unsuspecting souls to ship off .
tr	NN	The defense brought it up in court . "
tr	NN	The cord of tension snapped .
tr	NN	Beyond the hills and away from any conurbation , a large , fenced settlement came in to view .
tr	NN	For centuries now , as you very well know , the Empire has been undergoing a steady decentralization .
tr	NN	Her inner agitation had bolted beyond any control .
tr	NN	" The last option that I came up with is ... demons . "
tr	NN	The bike soon came to a stop , and she was overcome by the most amazing smells .
tr	NNS	The apartments seem rather small for men of our ... " he gazed around the room , " ... rank .
tr	NN	The implication that she had leapt onto a free ride with his grandfather brought a rush of scorching heat to her face .
tr	NN	" Back then , the coven was different : more disorganized , more chaotic .
tr	NNS	Lights came on and off ; the chairs reclined .
tr	NNS	The guard cards had found no tarts .
tr	NN	" I still say it 's a mouse , " said the cameraman .
tr	NNS	Having developed separately for almost three millennia , there are some significant differences . "
tr	NNS	And there were no acceptable losses , Colonel ; we 're talking about human life . "
tr	NNS	My heart races , we are fighting too many enemies .
tr	NNS	As will become apparent , his motives are not purely for the benefit of the patient .
tr	NN	The adrenaline burst from his chest into his limbs , filling him with murderous intent .
tr	NNS	" Folks , " he said in a raised voice .
tr	NNS	Candor headquarters is large enough to contain an entire world .
tr	NN	A sincere apology , but it meant nothing to me .
tr	NN	' You are a fool , necromancer , I should never have deigned this power to your hands , ' his master replied .
tr	NN	His intent must have been intimidation .
tr	NNS	Sometimes runes can 't help . "
tr	NNS	Begging for me to allow them to experiment once again on my younger brother , experiments that can 't guarantee his absolute safety .
tr	NNS	Delicate strands of gold weaved their way throughout , lining the walls and furniture with a twinkle only rivalled by the diamond encrusted wallpaper .
tr	NN	" Let 's go home , " the duke said , feeling both cheerful and relieved .
tr	NNS	The stakes have risen .
tr	NNS	Things were slow here at that point . "
tr	NNS	Others guessed they were mercenaries for hire on account of the weapons they carried , while others ventured the two were simply wandering nomads .
tr	NNS	Temporarily abandoned , the captives alone showed no great happiness at having arrived at their destination .
tr	NNS	Things aren 't going as well as I planned .
tr	NN	What was your degree in ? "
tr	NNS	The builders of Side were masters of settlement and this was 2000 years ago .
tr	NN	This meteorite contains the fossil of a bug ! "
tr	NNS	More shouts ring out from below and I look down to see the archers are loading their crossbows .
tr	NNS	No shouts rang out ; I could make out the sound of their soft footfalls as they moved across a room .
tr	NNS	The open plan theme spread throughout the floor they were on , subtle changes in the wood 's pattern distinguishing each area 's purpose .
tr	NN	There , parked in the first space , was a shiny new , black corvette convertible .
tr	NNS	The shots kept echoing outside the door .
tr	NN	The Undead came from the ground .
tr	NN	The Enemy 's Plans Chapter 5 .
tr	NN	The truck description and plate prefix matches Jansen 's .
tr	NN	As he answered a van pulled up at the curb , engine running .
tr	NN	" Does your tail come off ? "
tr	NN	Relaxing was the goal , however elusive that goal might be .
tr	NNS	Iron bars discourage , but they do not block . "
tr	NNS	" The helpers will be there .
tr	NNS	" Others will disagree . "
tr	NN	a male student asked .
tr	NN	That big , bad warrior would just have to use his endless stamina to put up with her concern .
tr	NNS	The first two digits for each entry were always 01 through 12 , and the second two digits were always between 01 and 31 .
tr	NN	The swirl of Nicolae 's tongue was too much for Destiny to endure .
tr	NNS	The characters , names , and plot are the products of the author 's imagination .
tr	NNS	His chains were long , giving him at least enough freedom of movement to curl his hands over his stomach , as if in pain .
tr	NN	The description said six foot ( again ) and lean .
tr	NN	The thud brought Laila 's attention around , and her twin burst out laughing .
tr	NNS	The last bits of ash float on the wind like gray snowflakes , and then disappear .
tr	NNS	Ben accepted the bottle and shook it slightly before popping the cork , imitating sports stars all over the world .
tr	NNS	But our programs worked by creating virtual agents inside the computer .
tr	NN	No offense , lad , but I 'll save my blessing for my lass if she decides to accept you .
tr	NN	The secretary left and the doors closed behind him .
tr	NNS	Fletcher 's nostrils flare .
tr	NNS	Reyes stalked toward her , savagery in every step .
tr	NN	A sweet fragrance filled the air .
tr	NN	Of course , a whole squad of ' pet demons ' would be even handier . "
tr	NNS	All signs of the strange creatures had vanished and once again he was on his own .
tr	NNS	Just then , the murmurs of the crowd quieted .
tr	NN	His passion for science and engineering had long replaced any interest in religion but George began to pray silently and earnestly that Amy was safe .
tr	NN	She had a nail appointment at nine , followed by lunch with her friends , then major shopping , a few necessary errands and finally home .
tr	NN	To China this jug is priceless . '
tr	NN	Your theory might have carried more weight if that sand down there was yellow instead of red . '
tr	NNS	Several members of his team had been in Beijing for almost a month , laying the groundwork and cultivating the connections that would make this coup possible .
tr	NNS	Individual colors seemed to fight my magical force in a torrent of heat and wind .
tr	NN	He 'd brought a hostage with him , a measure of his good faith and this seemed to work in his favor .
tr	NN	" In that case , Saxon , the steering oar is all yours . "
tr	NN	Sometimes her neighbor went away for the weekend and asked Cara to watch her cat while she was gone .
tr	NNS	Too bad there weren 't vid images of any of it .
tr	NNS	" The servants were talking when I fetched your tray . "
tr	NNS	No strings attached . "
tr	NNS	" No worries , I have a brother too and I am worse than that . "
tr	NN	The quaintly old-fashioned chivalry tickled her whimsy .
tr	NNS	Cassius pulled me forward , toward the striking animal .
tr	NNS	" And appearances can be quite important .
tr	NNS	As the driver and Dan unloaded , the ladies all exclaimed and guessed amongst themselves as to what a particular box or bag contained .
tr	NNS	Others find it challenging or too constricting , but it satisfies me .
tr	NN	A stack of machines on a gurney beeped and hummed beside him , and an intravenous feed gurgled as the pump purred .
tr	NN	A great , booming bark echoed from inside , making me wince .
tr	NNS	Under the kitchen table , my fingernails ground into my palms .
tr	NNS	A few inches shorter than her didn 't prevent him from being as confident as a mountain .
tr	NNS	The materials alone would cost a fortune , let alone any of the alleged side effects .
tr	NN	The gleam from the exposed happy teeth could blind you .
tr	NNS	The roads are slick and muddy .
tr	NNS	The dowager duchess straightened her spine .
tr	NNS	By evening , the gangs had called for some sort of unification .
tr	NN	The cable must have burned through and cut off the power supply : the door between the worlds was closed . "
tr	NNS	My eyelids start to feel heavy .
tr	NNS	The Jets flew high over the water , staying well away from the bridge .
tr	NN	As the fighting continued , the same routine applied as it does in every battle .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of Buck and Snowball slowed me down .
tr	NNS	The stockings , Noah 's gifts - " " But I had to get yours ready . "
tr	NN	The audience cheered wildly .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of Uncle Gus flashed in her mind and she squeezed her eyes shut , wishing them away but they would not go .
tr	NNS	Cassius A large lump formed in my throat .
tr	NN	Just a favor for a friend he didn 't believe was guilty .
tr	NNS	The tennis courts had been Emma and Ethan 's meeting place since her arrival in Tucson , though they hadn 't planned to get together that night .
tr	NN	The guilt he did have came from calling at what was essentially the middle of the night in California .
tr	NNS	The Officials are the only clean thing in this town .
tr	NN	A trickle of hope began to move through him .
tr	NN	My pulse was racing , every sense alive as I walked slowly towards the light , a low glow coming under the kitchen door .
tr	NNS	Parts of the projects are burning .
tr	NN	A swirl of excitement fluttered to life in the pit of her belly and she went with it .
tr	NN	the sheriff laughingly questioned .
tr	NN	One tangible benefit of this burden was the continual interaction with virtually everyone in the village .
tr	NNS	The laces came undone , the little straps that held the corset over her shoulders sliding off under Hart 's large hands .
tr	NNS	Spring winds were banging an elm branch against his window .
tr	NNS	My skills were superior to many others and , I think , from an early age , I developed a very unflattering arrogance .
tr	NNS	She moaned softly when he took his mouth from hers , sighed as he rained kisses along the length of her neck .
tr	NNS	" My apologies , " he said .
tr	NN	The hangover had never quite worn off and he hadn 't heard from Terry , which made him think Terry felt the same way .
tr	NN	The stench of terror permeated the room .
tr	NNS	Now both the master suites lay empty except for occasional use as guest rooms .
tr	NNS	The twins are young but they 're two of our finest warriors .
tr	NNS	" Thinks fortune cookies are great literature . "
tr	NNS	My movements may be forceful and precise , but they 're blunted by the cloudy nature of my mind .
tr	NNS	Sadness darkened her eyes .
tr	NNS	How many deaths will come ? "
tr	NN	A velvet cable , suspended by two metal posts , keeps patrons from getting past and up the steps .
tr	NN	Sure , a fan could slip underneath one of the busses , but we were in a segregated parking lot on venue property .
tr	NNS	Things had moved on .
tr	NN	" Killer gave his target time to run . "
tr	NN	This chat is getting to close and personal .
tr	NNS	" There are no signs of the drug in her aura . "
tr	NN	Immediately the weed burst into flame .
tr	NN	A strange tremor went through Cassandra .
tr	NNS	Looks like your competition has eliminated you with minimal resistance .
tr	NNS	The local seamstress had even made him a new linen shirt , right on the spot .
tr	NN	Her family ID is big , big status .
tr	NN	But the master said they 'd gone .
tr	NN	His spine and bearing loosened ever so slightly .
tr	NNS	" Any ideas on how I could tone down the power ?
tr	NNS	The crazy fans started shaking their bodies with the rhythms of music .
tr	NNS	Thoughts like that flow through my mind and I can 't stop them .
tr	NN	Knowing that was being handled allowed him to enjoy the champion contest currently going on in front of him .
tr	NN	His spine going rigid , and he seems to grow a foot taller and his shoulders a foot wider .
tr	NNS	" Three more spots , " my father sighs .
tr	NNS	" Things have changed , Maya .
tr	NNS	He walked back to her and as he got closer , noticed the pinched tightness around her mouth .
tr	NNS	As the foetus develops , the various organs develop and are built up in stages .
tr	NN	His daddy called people all the time .
tr	NNS	Rufus climbed up to Aiden and , holding him by the waist for support , separated his wing from the tree .
tr	NNS	Things were great until about a month ago . "
tr	NN	Each snake had its tail in its mouth .
tr	NNS	Four trillion , seven billion , thirty-six million , six thousand , seven hundred , and three matches . "
tr	NN	" The surgery shouldn 't take long .
tr	NN	The frantic pumping of her heart eased .
tr	NNS	The ruins were beautiful and Mandi was surprised that no one else was around there .
tr	NN	Violence , Death and the like were Demon Lords .
tr	NN	A bump on the head would explain a lot .
tr	NNS	The colors ranged from yellow to orange to white .
tr	NNS	The utter emptiness of the interior of the cabin gave off the ominous vibes of violence .
tr	NN	The common listener would feel some measure of this discomfort .
tr	NNS	Hands gripped his tunic and dragged him from the creek , slamming him onto the rocky shore .
tr	NNS	Things aren 't going my way and I don 't like it .
tr	NNS	Frayed bits of bleached fabric danced along the tops of her thighs in the slight evening breeze .
tr	NNS	His footsteps slowed , then stopped .
tr	NN	The cottage consisted of one room .
tr	NN	The senator shook his head .
tr	NNS	Only our leaders do , since they 're the ones who created the curse . "
tr	NNS	Had not the wizards joined in the battle , the losses would have been significantly larger .
tr	NNS	Classes are ending , wrapping up for winter break .
tr	NNS	The mattress rocked beneath them in undulating waves .
tr	NNS	And then the races started .
tr	NNS	Since their arrival to the Seventh World , the races had been furiously working to transform the mountain range into a massive , insurmountable fortification .
tr	NNS	Girls like you drive men to murder , and to madness .
tr	NNS	" Lights just make us attack more . "
tr	NNS	These whispers were completely devoid of sexy talk .
tr	NNS	" And no more instances of curses ? "
tr	NN	More rustling , and then Marcy came back on the line .
tr	NNS	The drones regrouped , leaving only one stil holding Alexia while two went back on the defensive , facing off against the new threat .
tr	NNS	His paws scratched the rock as he spun out before getting traction .
tr	NNS	The lovers , who a moment before belonged to a flat world , take shape .
tr	NNS	Things were looking up .
tr	NNS	Cars had really gotten that smart .
tr	NNS	The black spots in the fire were eyes that watched her as she ran .
tr	NNS	There were pillows fringed with lace , fuzzy rugs fringed with tassels , and lamps shaded with stained-glass flowers .
tr	NN	A crisis was brewing and Dave had a feeling things would get worse before they got better . .
tr	NNS	" Before the shots went off . "
tr	NNS	But there are billions of us .
tr	NNS	The three dwarves crossed their arms and stared at the snowman .
tr	NN	There 's no other option . "
tr	NN	" The lower map shows every aircraft in flight around the world .
tr	NN	My suffering was with Tonya .
tr	NN	Chance sounded impossibly tender as he bent his head and brushed his lips along my jaw .
tr	NNS	The media followed them to New York and reported them leaving via private jet , compliments of Lord and Lady Harrison , to take them to France .
tr	NN	A chandelier above him flickered and then caught , lighting up the entryway ; the lights on the porch went on as well .
tr	NNS	" Naturally , the authorities at New Israel and back Home in Israel itself have made furious protests , and so have several other governments .
tr	NNS	His thumb presses against my clit , circles , and I know I 'm not going to do anything of the sort .
tr	NN	The coroner and the sheriff conversed privately .
tr	NNS	Cars , taxis , and people are everywhere .
tr	NNS	Her social skills were failing once again .
tr	NN	My parallel eleven-year-old neighbor gives better advice than I do .
tr	NN	The honest , undisguised regard and affection in his voice was a sound that stayed with her through her dreams and into the next morning .
tr	NN	The government currently lends money to banks essentially for free ( effectively , for 0 % interest ) .
tr	NNS	The three quarters of a mile to I-495 went by in twenty seconds .
tr	NN	Her two-star daddy kept his eye on his kids - even when they didn 't need it .
tr	NN	" The sea folk don 't marry , they make love for pleasure , and on Midsummer Day they mate - " " I know it !
tr	NN	His enticing , engaging manner had evaporated and now he merely looked displeased .
tr	NNS	The creatures approached and swam by the small vessel .
tr	NNS	Two wolves inched in around him , and advanced toward me intent on harm .
tr	NN	Now the TV was showing pictures of military trucks .
tr	NNS	The fierceness in his voice thrilled me and frightened me at the same time .
tr	NN	His swish to the left is slightly crooked and he has to compensate on the right just to maintain depth .
tr	NN	How did anyone function getting up so early ?
tr	NN	Chance waved us on , circling around back .
tr	NN	Her grandmother stepped out of the woods in front of her .
tr	NNS	There were rows of benches fanning out in front of a raised stage .
tr	NNS	Myles wanted to say that drug addicts rarely do but bit his tongue .
tr	NN	The intruder was the red-headed boy from the plane .
tr	NN	" The psychiatrist says she 's normal .
tr	NN	Love isn 't always wonderful and flowery .
tr	NN	the concierge asked , coming up behind me .
tr	NN	" Mail fraud , " he said .
tr	NN	The angel shook her head .
tr	NNS	The winds had increased with the tide change , which caused Captain Cook enough anxiety to partially lower the sails .
tr	NNS	Our designs are working as expected . "
tr	NN	Now there 's no proof it was even there , and poor Marty will become just another line on the accident stats . "
tr	NNS	Their tongues tangled in a hungry duel , both wild and untamed .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared when he realized I really wasn 't bluffing .
tr	NN	Your grandmother is good at a lot of things , but she doesn 't belong on this kind of mission .
tr	NNS	The coils stayed dull and cold .
tr	NN	A tumble of bodies draped the back wall , tangled in a heap , outfitted in mining gear or white laboratory coats .
tr	NN	And bait was just what she was throwing out .
tr	NN	Part of me , I have to say , wanted to drop everything and head there immediately after my last conversation with her .
tr	NNS	His movements of withdrawing and thrusting , each time going a little deeper , sent a jolt of heat through me .
tr	NNS	The dark hardwood floors were spotless , the lighting flattering , and the two attendants beautifully coiffed and attired like living , flawless mannequins .
tr	NNS	The zombies were still lying motionless in the parking lot .
tr	NNS	His eyelids narrowed and his lips pulled tight against his teeth , revealing the tips of those deadly fangs .
tr	NN	Liam 's tuxedo fit his form as though it had been molded to him .
tr	NN	The muted illumination and the silence were perfect for contemplation .
tr	NNS	And there are such creatures .
tr	NN	" The Light first sang , When her bell first rang .
tr	NNS	All the paintings , and there must have been thirty of them , began laughing at me .
tr	NNS	The domes were still there .
tr	NN	Another rider came galloping up from the city , kicking his horse the entire way , and when the beast arrived it was in a near frenzy .
tr	NNS	The twins asked Erika when would she be going to meet Anders ' family .
tr	NN	Does your cart look just like any other ?
tr	NN	The enemy archer had not slackened her pace , and her shafts only became more accurate as the distance closed .
tr	NNS	Things weren 't all rainbows and puppy tails .
tr	NN	" Our goal is Valid Knowledge , " said the Sage , " and not in Speculation to engage .
tr	NNS	There were documents of meetings at a warehouse , transcripts of conversations between the two , between other mafia groups , regarding drug and gun deal arrangements .
tr	NNS	" The areas I had in mind are on the front side of your body and a whole lot more interesting . "
tr	NNS	" What were the symptoms like ? "
tr	NNS	Its jaws yawned at his and snapped together .
tr	NN	The injury defied all the medics who had told him , " It won 't bother you a bit after it 's healed . "
tr	NNS	Without question the shouts prompted the Panthers to run to new positions .
tr	NNS	And her boobs are hanging all over Dante .
tr	NN	A tall , leggy brunette entered the room with the ease of someone who knew the house well .
tr	NNS	The contrasting temperatures of our mouths are enough to make him groan .
tr	NN	" Yes , the maid did . "
tr	NN	The second bullet ricocheted off the tarmac and caught Adams on the side of the head .
tr	NNS	" One spark will set fire to the mix , so we always wait until the last possible minute . "
tr	NN	" Not real y , no , " I snapped as she walked toward the door .
tr	NNS	Its violently red scales cast an eerie red glow into the shadowy sky .
tr	NN	Her pulse raced and she got entirely too sweaty for a girl .
tr	NN	What if your grandma or Danny had called ?
tr	NNS	Piece by piece , the berries started to soften and come away with the help of Ms Helen .
tr	NN	My envy doesn 't last long .
tr	NNS	When I had ripped open the package of frozen peas , handfuls had spilled out and were now rolling around on the counter .
tr	NN	The ancient writing glows brightly as if it too taunts the evil before it .
tr	NNS	The elderly man shakes the red plastic cup held closely to his chest , the coins inside it rattling .
tr	NN	Just imagine witnessing every single day your dreadful stupidity .
tr	NNS	My footsteps slowed as we neared him .
tr	NNS	Lights flashed as Caesar thought .
tr	NNS	The cabinets and furniture were wooden as well .
tr	NN	" The warrior survives .
tr	NNS	What do the technicians think about it ?
tr	NN	" A marsh near a little town called River Sunday , Maryland . "
tr	NN	The runner suddenly looked ten times more confident .
tr	NNS	Two quick punches and they were both counting sheep .
tr	NNS	His classmates saw him fall to the floor as if he were curling .
tr	NN	Their swords clash briefly before both men leapt back , sizing each other up .
tr	NNS	" Great minds think alike . "
tr	NNS	" Things are not so good in paradise ?
tr	NN	And when I rub my thumb across my forearm , a layer of black comes off .
tr	NN	It was dark out , another factor that being below ground for long had been obscuring .
tr	NN	Soccer conditioning starts in a few weeks , and I need to be ready . '
tr	NNS	Lives were at risk ; years of work could be undone .
tr	NNS	The floors were of the same hardwood as other parts of the house , but that was where the similarities ended .
tr	NNS	But those promises are for what I hope is our future !
tr	NN	Her obedience was reluctant , her body threatening to reject his life-giving fluid .
tr	NNS	The footprints belong to a woman .
tr	NNS	Those markings mean he enjoys high status , so maybe he realizes we 're with the human delegation .
tr	NN	The jukebox cranked up , banishing the silence from the room .
tr	NNS	In the meantime , two more containers of goods arrived and now things were everywhere , even on the muddy ground under the unfinished entrance porch .
tr	NN	The sparkle behind Mrs. Dawson 's brown eyes spread to the crow 's - feet beside them .
tr	NNS	The servants knelt at the tubs and began to scrub the utensils .
tr	NN	It 's not like I didn 't have a contingency plan all along , " the senator muttered .
tr	NN	The Sheriff , busy with some papers on his desk , didn 't seem to notice Jacobs enter .
tr	NNS	These losers were plunging their grubby hands down her pants ?
tr	NN	The graveyard , Matt had told him that there might be a paper inside their Grandfather 's casket to prove everything .
tr	NN	A crucifix hung on one wall and a print of The Last Supper on another .
tr	NN	" Outside the castle gates . "
tr	NNS	Actually , a lot more eggs and bacon went into four frying pans in anticipation of the hardy appetites of my breakfast companions .
tr	NNS	Bottles burst on the street .
tr	NNS	My clients were there .
tr	NN	There was a bruise on her chin , as if she 'd recently been in a fight .
tr	NN	The word psycho ripped through Ali 's body like a gunshot .
tr	NN	The agent will jump for any rope that you throw .
tr	NN	A healthy swig of the wine helped dull both the pain and the laughter .
tr	NN	Only instinct allowed him to lift his sword in time to stop the next set of jaws from reaching him .
tr	NN	The sheriff focused the beam on Claire .
tr	NNS	" Things have been ... strained between us the last few weeks .
tr	NN	A butterfly flew around her head and she was smiling happily , reaching for it .
tr	NNS	The letters to the editor were eight too one about jaguars .
tr	NNS	And then of course , their fathers sort of expect it so that someday , their families really will be joined together . "
tr	NNS	And from nowhere , five flower petals appeared .
tr	NNS	When they reached the clearing at the summit that exposed the panoramic eastern vista the ladies gasped in appreciation .
tr	NNS	Long generations came and went without failing to believe these mysteries .
tr	NN	Cassidy 's mate had died for nothing .
tr	NNS	Strange images were floating around Tiffany 's mind .
tr	NNS	Dragon cats are filthy , wild animals . "
tr	NNS	There are no elves in my world ! "
tr	NNS	To be quite honest with you , had you not been Knights of the Church , my gates would have remained closed to you .
tr	NN	" Where 's the market ? "
tr	NN	During the ten-minute ride back , no clarity rushed in .
tr	NNS	Their seats on the dais ensured that they were far from - and high above - their petitioners .
tr	NNS	The binoculars and the shoestring , now taught , yanked him from his precarious perch .
tr	NN	His specialty was the classic , 1940s style wooden powerboats .
tr	NNS	A hundred or more wolves gathered together .
tr	NNS	Friendly fights broke out often , and Angeline had had to learn that such behaviors weren 't acceptable out here in mainstream America .
tr	NN	My challenge was to write a character that combined the best elements of both .
tr	NNS	The pirates and their two new passengers are now flying away from Martinique , on their way to North Carolina and their final destination , Ocracoke .
tr	NN	The envoy , without turning towards his cousin , replied , " One battle victory does not ensure winning of the war . "
tr	NN	A growl tore from Sean 's throat .
tr	NNS	Warm forgetting sleep that would hold him like the mother he never knew .
tr	NN	Your grandma might have expected to die , and that 's why she knew to look for her body .
tr	NNS	Angry murmurs spread through the crowd and a few young men at the back stood up with clenched fists .
tr	NN	There was no mistaking what she meant .
tr	NNS	Vaulted ceilings sat atop red , grey , and white wallpapered walls .
tr	NNS	Chills erupted on her body as all of the wolves began howling into the night sky .
tr	NN	" What 's the matter sweetheart ? "
tr	NNS	Your two colleagues are outside and unharmed . '
tr	NN	A high-caliber bullet from a powerful rifle would punch through multiple walls unless it was stopped by something like a refrigerator .
tr	NNS	Questions , questions , questions .
tr	NN	The sheriff smiled at her , and for the first time , Fiji thought of him as a man rather than as an instrument of her discomfiture .
tr	NNS	Jewels and Tonk Fah turned sharply .
tr	NNS	New images slipped before her .
tr	NNS	Flowers , fine crystal and wine flew .
tr	NNS	The sirens neared the scene and went past on the next block , never coming close .
tr	NNS	The multiple screens behind him were blank .
tr	NN	The probe came again , harder , deeper , the shaft painful and precise .
tr	NNS	Cadmus was in the box .
tr	NN	The network of piping provided the only illumination in the room .
tr	NN	The nonchalance of his tone stunned her .
tr	NN	" Our goal is to undermine belief in Christianity especially , political institutions , economic institutions , and the family .
tr	NN	" If he shows up , call Security , " Jazz said grimly , and walked into her office .
tr	NNS	White flakes of snow had already begun to mix with the bright red strands .
tr	NN	Its innocence and purity will shield you from spiritual attack !
tr	NN	The real estate market has gone to hell .
tr	NN	" My Prince , " she said , dropping a hasty curtsy and lowering her eyes .
tr	NN	The gravel on the concrete floor bit into her skin .
tr	NNS	Waves of curls , the same brown as James 's hair , swayed from side to side .
tr	NN	" Love is a complicated thing .
tr	NNS	Artful arrangements of brilliant flowers blazed from ornate vases , making the room smell like a blossoming field after a gentle rain .
tr	NN	The underground wal s were lined with limestone .
tr	NN	Maybe , but Love liked his pleasure pure .
tr	NNS	Chess , whose real name was Catherine Clovis , was petite and pretty , with dark hair cut in a cap to frame her face .
tr	NNS	My attempts at humour in here didn 't have a particularly good track record .
tr	NNS	Bugs shouted with rage .
tr	NN	The door panel hummed softly , demanding her attention .
tr	NNS	The murders just continue and us kids get locked in the house to be kept ' safe ' . "
tr	NNS	When I looked back the two rats were fighting over the bird 's corpse .
tr	NNS	The older settlers warned us , but we had to try . "
tr	NNS	Looks like I 'm about to find out why . '
tr	NN	Every other reflection turned when I did .
tr	NNS	Sadness settled over Corrie as she thought about her oldest daughter .
tr	NNS	He draws back , our heads inches apart , as he begins quietly , " Do you drink at all anymore ? "
tr	NNS	The warriors below covered their ears .
tr	NNS	" Things are good in goalie mask world .
tr	NN	Rachel clung to him as he pounded into her , every inch of her flesh , every cell , branded by his possession .
tr	NN	The dragon gave them energy and fire .
tr	NN	My clit pulses from just looking at him , and I silently chastise myself for losing resolve .
tr	NN	As his understanding of this grew , a peculiar notion took hold of his imagination .
tr	NNS	The metal bars were rusty , but not flimsy .
tr	NNS	" Things could get awkward if you get caught . "
tr	NNS	My prayers go with you .
tr	NNS	Rufus wasn 't sure how much to tell this man .
tr	NNS	Flames were licking up the length of his arm from where her hand rested .
tr	NN	The tie seemed more brown than green , but the other color was definitely yellow .
tr	NNS	Shadow tentacles reached out and caught Jin before he hit the ground .
tr	NN	The operator kept telling me to calm down .
tr	NN	With a small explosion , the shield slammed down over the doorway .
tr	NN	The television showed highlights of the latest Hornets game .
tr	NN	When they had their drinks , the dean repeated her praise for Chris 's grace under pressure .
tr	NNS	" What was all the excitement downstairs about ?
tr	NN	The audience oozed out into the aisles and went into the foyer .
tr	NN	" There 's always another tie and another ... " She just wanted to start new .
tr	NN	The admiral grunts as he struggles to stand from his chair .
tr	NNS	" What are the chances I get lucky with her tonight ? "
tr	NN	Yet his every male instinct demanded he stay where he was .
tr	NN	A sustained adrenaline level almost tangible in the air .
tr	NN	The pulse at her wrist was racing by the time he reluctantly lifted his hand away and turned back to everyone at the table .
tr	NNS	" Captain , special effects are offline ! "
tr	NN	Even a village idiot could see they wanted her to suffer before she died .
tr	NNS	Where are my scones ? "
tr	NN	10 Pam was sitting on the end of the bed in her classic nurse 's uniform when Wayne Johnson woke up .
tr	NNS	The dysfunctional siblings retreated , slinking back into the crowd .
tr	NNS	Maggie burst into tears , her sobs uncontrollable as Dan told Tom of the warden 's concern for appearances .
tr	NNS	There are only two different prints .
tr	NN	The captain pointed at Rand .
tr	NNS	" Your handle bars are there .
tr	NNS	All the same , my nostrils twitched at the well remembered smell of burning .
tr	NN	" Ebon poisoned it , the crafty bastard .
tr	NN	At moments like this cowardice was an exact science .
tr	NN	My weeping stopped , and the debilitating desolation withered like smoke from an ember .
tr	NN	Slowly the pub got noisier and a music group began to set up in a corner .
tr	NN	His network is huge and spreads all over the Americas and Europe .
tr	NNS	Maris had only seen it once or twice , because she usually dealt with Joan , who drove a white BMW .
tr	NN	Her discomfort had nothing to do with the temperature inside the Order 's compound .
tr	NNS	the duchess said stoutly .
tr	NN	My uncle stepped into my line of sight and I faltered .
tr	NNS	Romulus asked Viktor , slinking behind bushes .
tr	NNS	Rufus was still burning up .
tr	NN	Clearly , his wisdom was beyond their meager intellect .
tr	NNS	Unsecured objects and passengers flew through the air of the back compartment as the ambulance swerved to a stop .
tr	NNS	Her female instincts and medical knowledge allowed her to help care for Rose in ways that wouldn 't have been obvious to me .
tr	NNS	Marius smiled with pride .
tr	NN	A stench filled the air .
tr	NNS	As if on cue , the nurses wheeled the cradles in .
tr	NNS	The white trousers fit snugly and fell straight around the calves .
tr	NN	The writing was crap but it was real .
tr	NNS	The Jets will take to the sky .
tr	NN	I don , t want to torment you .
tr	NN	The maid had already been in and turned on the bedside lamp , folded down the covers and left chocolate truffles on the pillows .
tr	NN	Her southern accent , laced with the flat vowels of southern Arkansas , was the thickest I 'd heard in years .
tr	NN	The dragon attacked the brave man as he reached for his sword .
tr	NN	Seeing the intent look on her face , and being aware this had likely been her intention all along , her unit did as she bid .
tr	NNS	The horns from the other cars had ceased .
tr	NN	This warrior never lost her temper like that .
tr	NN	An eternity had passed , or perhaps only a few minutes , when he ground to an abrupt stop .
tr	NNS	The nondescript sneakers sprung to life .
tr	NNS	Classes were already starting , and Sarah was looking antsy .
tr	NN	he asked , a challenge clear in his eyes .
tr	NNS	His defenses sprung up : " She 's a child , it 's not like that . "
tr	NNS	The travelers are very tired . "
tr	NN	His scowl clearly refuted her .
tr	NNS	Due to the enormous height , the top twenty floors were often above the usual low lying clouds .
tr	NNS	The other Jets will be there . "
tr	NN	The British accent soothed her .
tr	NNS	Alexis took a sip of her water and glanced in Greg 's direction .
tr	NNS	Things groped from beneath the rocks to share the feast .
tr	NN	The dragon brought her around so he could look directly at her .
tr	NNS	In the end the motorcycle and street gangs remained the only organized forces in many large cities and ironically matured to peace keeping and security authorities .
tr	NNS	If that wasn 't insult enough , the twenty acres they 'd so generously thrown in were nowhere near Hard Luck or the cabins .
tr	NNS	So the senior servants resigned , along with four of the stable lads .
tr	NN	" Your angel is not all-powerful , and he cannot see all things .
tr	NN	The hunger was affecting him already .
tr	NN	The coded map within no longer glowed .
tr	NN	" Welcome , then , Miss Tessa Gray of New York , " said the Consul , sounding amused .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flare , but before I can say anything else , a little voice enquires behind him .
tr	NN	The lack of activity tested even my patience .
tr	NN	" All right Kasey , adios . "
tr	NN	Behind the door was a thick metal hatch designed to keep water out .
tr	NN	" Nay , ' t is not so .
tr	NN	And the notion hurt .
tr	NNS	My sources tell me the one called Aeron is nearly insane with bloodlust for you .
tr	NN	Behind him , the chef was carrying two large bowls .
tr	NN	" Still a tease , " he grunted .
tr	NNS	The innards of the doorknob now protrude out into space directly across from their counterparts on the other half of the door .
tr	NNS	The door swings open and I glance up as other Vampires glide in , expressions motionless , moving gracefully into the room .
tr	NN	The dragon got to his feet .
tr	NNS	Things were just getting interesting . "
tr	NN	' No birth , no time , no choice , Violet .
tr	NN	" Hardly , " he told me , a rogue smile playing on a mischievous face .
tr	NNS	Again , the twins looked at each other .
tr	NNS	There were gaps in the barriers .
tr	NN	" The cleric says I 'll live .
tr	NNS	There were bloody trails left in the wake of the escape .
tr	NNS	Fat drops of rain began to fall , running off the highway into the ditches .
tr	NN	The twinkle her admission had sparked in his eyes , made her think of how they had twinkled the day he kissed her .
tr	NNS	Myles turned to him .
tr	NN	There was no possible explanation for his being unarmed .
tr	NN	Each night the comely scullery maid had the envious privilege of being her chieftain 's mistress .
tr	NNS	" The Elizabeth 's stores need a jewelry line to focus their holiday marketing around .
tr	NN	The captain arched his eyebrows , apparently unaccustomed to taking orders on his own ship .
tr	NN	The tribe 's shrieking continued , some of the screeches so high that they rang in my ears , making me cringe .
tr	NN	The neighbor had closed the door , but I thought I saw a shadow in the window next to it .
tr	NNS	" Because some uniformed cats showed up and they knew them . "
tr	NN	The operator reported that the phone must be off the hook .
tr	NNS	The other two candidates were Haidar and Jalal , her paternal and maternal cousins .
tr	NNS	Shouts came from their right , and then they heard a muffled gunfight .
tr	NN	A staircase wound up through the middle of the house , spring sunshine lighting it from windows at each landing .
tr	NNS	The other villagers turned to see what he was looking at .
tr	NNS	All your cousins will miss out . "
tr	NNS	His instincts had been on target .
tr	NNS	Rachelle Cook and Nora Young 's statements certainly suggest he 's lying .
tr	NN	The van idled without a hint of a problem .
tr	NN	The unicorn nodded since he 'd seen most of it with his magic already .
tr	NNS	There were two elderly couples ; probably only one out of each pair needed to see the doctor .
tr	NN	I pulled out my phone and brought up the matches the software had created for the foam slots .
tr	NNS	The other goats never seemed as bold as Adda .
tr	NN	And the adult are the largest of the skulls . "
tr	NNS	Slowly the leaders began to inch backwards , away from William and Jacob and William could see the fear in their eyes .
tr	NNS	The two concepts looked back at the Earthlings as Brick got his finger wedged beneath a breeze block .
tr	NN	The kitten walked majestically out into the hall to see who had arrived .
tr	NNS	Maris wouldn 't shy away .
tr	NNS	My talons pierced through his fingertips .
tr	NN	" Third degree is a bitch . "
tr	NNS	There are risks involved in such a study , of which I am well aware .
tr	NNS	Their minds sought one another , needing the constant closeness between them .
tr	NN	There 's a light tap on my bedroom window right before it rises up .
tr	NNS	At least the passengers were making it harder for the creatures to get to him .
tr	NNS	Things are much more efficient these days , and there 's very little crime . "
tr	NN	The sudden swerve had roused Drew and Angelique .
tr	NN	Tall , odd machinery stood along the walls and in the middle a large table and chair with numerous objects sat in the middle of the table .
tr	NN	The nausea seemed to flow away .
tr	NN	The phobia about driving a car was one of many strange fears he had experienced after stopping the drug .
tr	NN	There 's a briefing in ten minutes and they want you there . "
tr	NNS	Heavy drapes hang over the tall , narrow window , swept to one side .
tr	NN	The tube had stopped and doors opened at Highbury and Islington .
tr	NNS	Cadmus nodded without hesitation .
tr	NNS	The tests hadn 't come back yet , but the police were allowed to lie to a suspect .
tr	NN	" Late yesterday , another ferry took out a tourist group .
tr	NN	The kitten meowed loudly .
tr	NNS	Abby 's instincts had taken over , and she 'd do anything she could to stay alive .
tr	NNS	" Things have been pretty much the same for the last six months . "
tr	NN	Once again he felt the cocoon of security this brave warrior and faithful friend represented .
tr	NN	A sob escaped from my throat as the weight of helplessness and grief crushed me , leaving me with nothing .
tr	NNS	My foes weren 't expecting this and tried to fire off more shots but I got to them first .
tr	NNS	" I know you 're about to tell me the wolves aren 't dangerous .
tr	NNS	But most images were centred on the star shape , the circle around it and the accompanying less obvious symbols partly covered by fresher blood splotches .
tr	NN	Among them , the leader immediately approached Stefano concerned about his well being .
tr	NN	His body ached and his back hurt .
tr	NNS	Images flashed through her mind , recalling how she changed and transformed .
tr	NNS	" We need to make tracks the minute daylight breaks .
tr	NNS	Mark 's footsteps filled the room with a steady rhythm that didn 't comfort or console Jamie .
tr	NN	The knight lunged at him , stabbing at his head .
tr	NN	The gravel didn 't hurt my feet since I couldn 't feel them to begin with .
tr	NNS	And nervous clients were not good .
tr	NN	And there was no escaping Ship 's demand .
tr	NN	" How old are you , " the other medic chimed in .
tr	NN	The perfect backdrop for what was to be a lovely night .
tr	NNS	His paws batted at one of Eliot 's shirt buttons .
tr	NN	" My master had a way with words sometimes . "
tr	NNS	Their classmates were staring at them in silence , terrified , shocked , each fearing to be the next victim .
tr	NN	The biography sold a small but respectable number of copies before Dark Lake appeared .
tr	NN	Luckily , the thick carpet cushioned his large body as he sprawled on the floor .
tr	NNS	The rolls had been an unnecessary addition , but they were also too good to ignore .
tr	NNS	The elves trapped in the mines and scared out of their wits by the snow man who 's killed many of them .
tr	NNS	But the eggs were ready to hatch . "
tr	NNS	So his classmates learned quickly not to challenge him physically .
tr	NNS	The tests and the profile are complete .
tr	NN	Brain tranquilizer needed pronto .
tr	NN	Any day now , one little poke of my fingertip and you 're all dead . "
tr	NN	However , the damage he did ... " Irene cried even harder , and Phillip raised his voice so we could all hear him .
tr	NNS	On the older graph , the paired bursts of neutrinos were of distinctly different amplitudes .
tr	NN	The pendant of immortality was able to save anyone from death even if the person was seconds away from dying .
tr	NNS	Romulus swept the field .
tr	NN	" A robe cleans its wearer from the inside out .
tr	NN	When he pressed down on her shoulders , there was no mistaking what he desired .
tr	NN	The cove was deep but the bottom held the anchor well .
tr	NN	" My reputation before you was a hardworking , sensible woman .
tr	NNS	His targets fly backwards , blood spraying .
tr	NN	The jar automatically sucked the flames , leaving the whole place back normal again .
tr	NN	His plain brown tunic and long cape dragged the ground , marking a trail in the dust .
tr	NN	His accent sounded more pronounced .
tr	NNS	Where did the last three vials go ? "
tr	NN	At the most , a shredded wing tip might tumble down to Earth .
tr	NN	" Excuse me , " said the ape .
tr	NNS	Heavens , if it 's a question of protection , let her prove that she can take care of herself . "
tr	NNS	Soldiers injured Patra enough that I had to change her over instead of merely healing her .
tr	NNS	There was no more sipping at drinks or trusting her companions , not even to pretend .
tr	NN	The rooftop shooter once again sent bullets whizzing by Robinson .
tr	NN	His pulse quickened , and turning hastily away from his adversary , he began to look about him .
tr	NN	The pencil flew across the room and crashed into a computer .
tr	NN	" Our arrangement suited both parties just fine until she asked for more .
tr	NNS	The members of the pack were cheering , shouting her name , proclaiming her as their new Alpha .
tr	NNS	Never having had a brother or sister , sibling dynamics were something of a mystery to him .
tr	NNS	Others are starting to say trade is destroying the identities of nations and they want see the issue of trade as a threat to them .
tr	NN	Dad 's partner moves close to a painting and a screeching alarm sounds .
tr	NN	For Shirley , her art was a refuge and an escape .
tr	NN	Unfortunately , the principal had agreed with the louder faculty members and nothing was being done .
tr	NNS	" Have the fireworks started ? "
tr	NN	God 's restoration had apparently been complete for both of them .
tr	NNS	" Are pork chops really revered in Seattle ? "
tr	NN	The van felt big and bulky to me as I drove it toward Barnes and Noble , out by Quail Springs Mall .
tr	NNS	The petals , only two inches long , were closed , as if shunning the light .
tr	NN	The knight in gold and silver placed his blade over the innocent girl 's neck .
tr	NN	" Maybe fifty of mine will be there too . "
tr	NN	With the air of one swatting at an irritating bug , the vampire casual y backhanded the inventor with a closed fist .
tr	NNS	Others formed a circle to keep the crowd of people in order .
tr	NN	The zing of triumph at having won this concession from him was short-lived .
tr	NNS	Behind the dark of closed eyelids , aberrant images slowly began to seep in .
tr	NN	But all that mattered now was that neither of us deserved to go through it again .
tr	NN	Not even the weariness of the past year could diminish her beauty .
tr	NN	Would your daddy be willing to marry just to have the chance to raise you ?
tr	NN	" My grandson isn 't afraid , " my grandmother chimes in .
tr	NNS	The classes with the village youths continued whenever they could be spared from work .
tr	NNS	Flames once more licked at her , this time over every part of her .
tr	NN	There is a stack of books on my nightstand .
tr	NNS	Had she alerted the media , phoned the newspapers , gone on television and demanded the return of her son ?
tr	NNS	' These creatures are peaceful .
tr	NN	And looming like a curtained backdrop , three mountain peaks ahead .
tr	NN	A T-shirt , very short sleeves , loose slacks , loose underpants , foot socks , open sandals .
tr	NN	The trick was not to leave the elevator when it was down .
tr	NNS	The giant gates are grey metal with skulls carved into the door themselves .
tr	NNS	The gangs had taken over .
tr	NN	Our prey , I should say .
tr	NN	A massive plume of fire engulfs the summoned foliage , disintegrating the screeching plant instantly .
tr	NN	Her Alien Safari tour will have to reopen for this final excursion .
tr	NNS	Alexis took an instant liking to Thomas especially .
tr	NN	On the one side , the vast majority , trying hard not to be noticed .
tr	NN	The absence of its deadly rays was a welcome relief .
tr	NN	Perhaps his mate knew him so well he 'd not had to say a word for her to know the truth of things .
tr	NN	His partner was holding something back .
tr	NNS	" There are no servants ? "
tr	NNS	Thoughts scrambled through my mind as I pulled the tattered remains of his shirt from him to take in the full extent of the wounds .
tr	NNS	Wings so dark they almost blended into the night spread out from his body , arcing gracefully .
tr	NN	A pop-up ad for a fast food chain blinked at him , its chicken mascot flapping its wings and doing the running man while wearing high-top sneakers .
tr	NNS	The roadside signs pointed off in all directions to castles dating back hundreds of years .
tr	NNS	The ripples moved much faster than the ripples of relatively still water , and Speed sat mesmerized , until they were out of the storm .
tr	NN	And yet ... some gut instinct told me there was more .
tr	NN	" A fan tester ? "
tr	NN	Just when she 'd given up all hope , a miracle had happened .
tr	NN	At least his valet had stuffed him into a new suit .
tr	NNS	To my surprise , his letters were two or three times longer than the page or so I 'd been used to .
tr	NNS	His eyelids popped open , fire blazing bright in his pupils .
tr	NN	There , framed within the camera was an exact replica of the picture I had seen in the restaurant upstairs .
tr	NN	The tip of the cigarette glowed fiercely in the darkness .
tr	NN	Your uncle may be the Minister , but if you beat up Cody , your ass is a goner . "
tr	NNS	Seventy degrees is steamy to us . "
tr	NN	" To love and to cherish , " The priest interjected and Liam laughed a bit nervously .
tr	NN	The ride operator was standing in front of a huge lever that grew from the ground .
tr	NNS	The edges were gold while the center was a deep radiating blue that reminded her of the ocean .
tr	NNS	The creatures only destroyed the docks to make the people on them suffer .
tr	NNS	The worse he felt , the more bizarre the images became .
tr	NNS	The clerks had all taken a desk .
tr	NNS	His pupils had shrunk and he looked like a scared , lost rabbit .
tr	NNS	Chartres snatched back his hand .
tr	NNS	Others called for help .
tr	NN	The Artists ' Guild thought the Temple had put them up , and the Temple thought the Artists had .
tr	NN	There was a tradition in my family , that when a young warrior would slay a beast , his father would honor him .
tr	NNS	Folks were probably wondering whether or not they had new neighbors .
tr	NNS	The coffees came first .
tr	NN	" My outline of my plan is in here .
tr	NNS	Grotesque images haunted her concerning the fate of the person there before .
tr	NN	Bit by bit , all her memories of their former life together were coming back to her .
tr	NNS	Several fireflies followed , lighting the night air for the new travelers .
tr	NNS	Odysseus was careful not to glance at Nestor as he sat down .
tr	NN	His uncle put his arms around him and hugged him tight .
tr	NN	The whistle grew louder , and the train rounded the curve .
tr	NNS	Silent sobs rocked through her .
tr	NNS	* When I get back , the campers are all out on the archery field .
tr	NN	Her laptop would serve her well , but many of the client files were only on the main system at the house .
tr	NN	A multitude of emotions flooded me at his announcement , jealousy more than anything .
tr	NN	When she opened her hand again , the coin was as rich and shiny as molten gold straight from the forge .
tr	NN	The rocking had accelerated to double time .
tr	NNS	There were zombies in the cellar , and they caught his foot .
tr	NN	The British accent stated that its solar panels were receiving sunlight .
tr	NNS	Girls always fell in love with him , but he never cared .
tr	NN	" The south has not heard these rumors .
tr	NNS	At his feet are several rows of perfectly formed sand ridges .
tr	NNS	The chances of a human male being her mate were almost impossible .
tr	NNS	Things had to sound worrying .
tr	NNS	Heck , those pearls would go great with any outfit .
tr	NN	" And there 's another benefit of going with him . "
tr	NNS	Six suspects , five of whom are dead , and a hostage shot twice .
tr	NNS	The destroyed paintings prevented Jetta from entering the art festival .
tr	NN	The pilot pulled back on the stick , jolting upward .
tr	NN	The habit is not easy to give up .
tr	NN	The roar of the wind as it showed its fury .
tr	NN	A small frog , squatting on a heap of clothes , looked up and said , ' Erk ! '
tr	NNS	Jewels of it nestled in his eyebrows .
tr	NNS	Towering arcs of water sprayed from trucks and ladders .
tr	NNS	His movements were always comfortable .
tr	NN	The second session is in spring .
tr	NNS	There were several charity functions coming up -- one of which was a concert for needy children .
tr	NNS	Four pairs of eyes glinted gold in the darkness .
tr	NN	the policeman on the right asked as the other one waited with a pen and notepad for the answer .
tr	NN	Her scowl quiets the group .
tr	NN	Doc 's conservatory always fascinated him .
tr	NN	As was Ryder 's , the jar had an incredible smell to it , one that was completely alien yet alluring .
tr	NN	There was hesitation and a note of disapproval : " I 'm sorry to hear that .
tr	NN	" My secretary arranged the transaction for me .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids fluttered open and she blinked the remnants of the drug-induced fog from her vision .
tr	NNS	The effects of the blinding white light had finally started to subside .
tr	NNS	The dolphins disappeared in the waves then emerged again , while seagulls flew over them .
tr	NN	His accent gave about as much away as his body did .
tr	NN	Sounds that could only be her stricken father struggling in the darkness , the liquid of his life spilling out onto the cold , hard floor .
tr	NNS	Things almost always went wrong with the plan .
tr	NN	When their lips locked , electricity ran up and down her body .
tr	NNS	Their trials began as soon as they got married .
tr	NNS	Sadness washed over me as I once again wondered if I had made a mistake in turning Gabriel away .
tr	NN	No other option was acceptable .
tr	NN	Because no dragon will be safe . "
tr	NN	Part of me wondered if Henry had known that , too .
tr	NN	Her lightning isn 't electrical , but magical in nature .
tr	NN	Essentially the British Empire wanted to keep its thumb on South Africa , and the Boer farmers disagreed , so they went to war .
tr	NNS	Some members of the faculty had wanted to have a memorial during the ceremony , showing slides of them and having some students give speeches .
tr	NNS	" Things have changed .
tr	NN	Her principal was there as well , along with her math teacher .
tr	NN	The first blood exchange had bound them dangerously close .
tr	NN	But north lies our road between down and fen when day returns . '
tr	NNS	Gravel crackles beneath the tires , then gives way to the smooth , even sound of freshly tarred pavement .
tr	NN	That entire year , my pen made no mark upon the paper .
tr	NNS	Their surroundings , once stripped bare to avoid facing pain , were again alive with vibrant color and happy memories .
tr	NNS	Things had not been going very well for the last two days .
tr	NN	Her embarrassment deepened as she looked at Selene .
tr	NNS	The nurses are all in love . "
tr	NN	Aye , their lack of kindness made speaking to the strange knight from parts unknown easy , but a dangerous chance to take .
tr	NN	" This vacation , " I said .
tr	NNS	Your paws are the size of mitts ! "
tr	NN	Inside the coals was her cast-iron pot buried so deep that it was barely visible .
tr	NNS	Nearly all rape scenes in movies -- even R-rated movies -- are not fake .
tr	NN	The bundle of their remaining food was now so small and light that Jake carried it easily .
tr	NN	Another agent was counting money .
tr	NNS	The thumbs up held nothing but a patronising sneer .
tr	NNS	The batteries should power the receiver for at least a week .
tr	NN	A foul stench hung on the air that only now blasted our faces with the draft .
tr	NN	The swirl of nausea told her she probably had a concussion , but complaining wouldn 't achieve anything .
tr	NNS	Those checks are for stories about me .
tr	NNS	The sandals had rubbed blisters by now , and Mitch removed them .
tr	NNS	Things never went this smoothly when he was awake .
tr	NNS	The aliens that had filled them quickly becoming part of a fleeing stream of green .
tr	NNS	In any case the requisite repairs always appeared by the weekend following .
tr	NNS	Others complained that they could not survive another storm and the landing looked safe to them .
tr	NN	But the radiation alone is enough to kill . "
tr	NNS	The calluses on his hands had eroded over the last four months and his palms were like wet and dry sandpaper against the orbitals .
tr	NN	Still , though , the sergeant noticed that his finger hovered dangerously close to the trigger .
tr	NN	A blush crept up my neck and plastered my face in crimson .
tr	NNS	Too many banks have too many priority liens . "
tr	NNS	" Two colleagues going to dinner to celebrate a successful project ?
tr	NNS	Reyes sat across from him .
tr	NNS	Three small cottages rimmed the perimeter of a spacious back yard of manicured lawn and flower beds .
tr	NN	Not even a crocodile did they see , nor any four legged beast or winged bird coming down to the water 's edge to drink .
tr	NN	But the leader of Second Earth just shrugged .
tr	NN	" Wow , " Pasha 's exclamation distracted him from his finding .
tr	NN	Part of me wanted to believe him , but the whole ' It just happened ' excuse was too cliché for me to buy .
tr	NNS	" Does the media know that he attacked us in the lawyer 's office ? "
tr	NNS	Lots of people had money and things .
tr	NN	The intern frowned with confusion .
tr	NN	The Sea of Oil was a huge danger for the planet itself , especially if bombarded with a laser from orbit .
tr	NN	Her brother 's photograph rested on the fireplace mantel along with one she found of Riley .
tr	NNS	But even with those extra hours , no wolves showed themselves .
tr	NNS	" The sexual instincts win .
tr	NN	When he looked back over his shoulder for a last glimpse , the ravine appeared an ordinary passage in the jungle , without threat of any kind .
tr	NN	The lightning stopped , plunging his world into darkness .
tr	NNS	No matter how prepared you are , your supplies aren 't going to last forever .
tr	NNS	" Where are your grandparents ? "
tr	NNS	What were these people 's hopes ?
tr	NNS	Words printed on a page .
tr	NNS	The lucid dreaming websites she visited were also a disappointment .
tr	NNS	There are two rows of desks with monitors protruding from them .
tr	NNS	As I closed my eyes , images of Stephen invaded my mind .
tr	NN	Besides she did not want to be there , her body language dictated it .
tr	NN	A bot was the last thing I wanted to talk to , so I turned back to Jack .
tr	NN	The troll stretched to his full height , reaching behind one of the displays mounted on the wall .
tr	NN	I fell off the horse , my shriek cut short as a large hand gripped me by the throat , lifting me high .
tr	NNS	Her antics got Baxter 's attention and he started barking frantically until Anne Marie stopped , sat down again and petted him .
tr	NN	The wording of her text is strange .
tr	NN	If not , our only option is to play hardball with Zurich and threaten to obtain the funds from the other lenders .
tr	NN	" There 's no cable here . "
tr	NN	" A hunter 's berth .
tr	NNS	The two members of the Brown Pack shuffled their way into the tunnel , their curiosity driving them through the tight space .
tr	NNS	No mocking whispers filled the air , no sly giggles , nothing .
tr	NNS	Myles had to catch his jaw to keep it from dropping .
tr	NNS	Several muffled thuds sound out from the planks over my head .
tr	NNS	Three pairs of eyes swung to stare at Jake .
tr	NNS	The hills stretched high up and if they were a little taller , they could be mountains .
tr	NN	The golem hadn 't left the Post Office !
tr	NN	Nausea rose in her throat as sharp arrows of discomfort tore into her .
tr	NN	The shooter worked his jaw for a moment , swallowing until his ears popped .
tr	NN	So , the stroke had left a mark on him .
tr	NN	Their melancholy is soothing , and their joy elevating , to a degree I never experienced in studying the authors of any other country .
tr	NNS	The other footsteps did not .
tr	NNS	The figures vanished into the mound .
tr	NN	The crown , bent slightly out of shape , rolled out of it a little way before evaporating .
tr	NN	The old Ella would never have had the nerve to go after a man like Declan .
tr	NNS	The trailers boomed to life in front of me .
tr	NN	The glamour will fall and it will be unprotected .
tr	NN	The muck was closing in .
tr	NNS	Out in the night , quick footsteps ran close to the house .
tr	NN	The bastard let out a howl , as his body slammed against the back of the chair , almost flipping it over .
tr	NN	Of all the ads on the page , one job ad in particular stood out .
tr	NNS	The violent and explicit images would trigger a strong response on the lie detector , an electronic wince .
tr	NNS	The burns extended beyond his cheek .
tr	NNS	Serving heavy appetizers instead of a formal sit-down encouraged everyone to get to know each other as they moved from table to table .
tr	NN	The pavement became gravel , the gravel became hard dirt , and the hard dirt became a small lot cut into the hillside .
tr	NN	is proof that you can fool ' some of the people all of the time . '
tr	NN	Ghost dozed on her lap , his paws twitching .
tr	NN	And a perpetual scowl , coupled with a dismissive gaze .
tr	NNS	" Scrambled eggs for breakfast , " Nick told her while moving onto the task of waking up Jimmy .
tr	NN	" That 's right , " the baron said .
tr	NN	The video ended , but another one started .
tr	NNS	One curl dropped from beneath her hat and snaked down her shoulder , a red gold streak on her serge bodice .
tr	NNS	The lies had clouded everything .
tr	NNS	The planets must continue to thrive , without their original nobles , " pausing and patting the book .
tr	NN	According to legend , the cipher contains the path to the mythical The Theatre of the Five Gates .
tr	NN	There 's a witness . "
tr	NNS	My instincts aren 't infallible , as I 've learned to my cost .
tr	NNS	For the first time in years , the hollow , dead spots around his heart were coming back to life .
tr	NN	If I move a single muscle , my hunger will take control .
tr	NN	Usually , football takes care of it .
tr	NN	The stench only got worse as some of the bodies looked a month old .
tr	NNS	Eight three-piece suits -- seven of them straining at the middle -- seated around a long cherry wood table that gleamed like a mirror .
tr	NNS	Our tongues played together inside of our mouths while our bodies grinded .
tr	NN	A blister festered at the base of each finger .
tr	NN	The fat on his belly rolled out from under his T-shirt like a balloon being squeezed .
tr	NN	The dark-haired , middle-aged secretary behind the desk waved .
tr	NN	And the injection of hope she 'd felt at finally escaping the sandstorm and the desert buoyed her optimism for some time .
tr	NN	The gown was completely off her shoulders , leaving creamy soft skin in its place .
tr	NNS	Others run past as David barks orders .
tr	NN	The Way They Were is Book Two of That Second Chance Series .
tr	NN	" I was scared you wouldn ' t want me anymore .
tr	NN	A long black cape blew against his legs and his shoulders were set with determination .
tr	NN	Breathe , " the leader hissed at us , and then his footsteps trailed away , too .
tr	NNS	Google searches brought up past performance history , but no contact information at all .
tr	NNS	* * * Parasitic butterflies had formed a prickly nest in my stomach and were currently trying to eat their way out .
tr	NNS	" If you ask me , I 'm quite impressed with her patience and surprised she didn 't exact her revenge sooner , " the duchess said .
tr	NNS	Nicodemus toyed with the bowl of his pipe .
tr	NN	My adrenaline was probably running high .
tr	NNS	There were rumours that he 'd won the Hittite victory against Assyria last summer almost on his own .
tr	NNS	" Our funds are in the bottom of the camphor tin . "
tr	NNS	The cousins had pushed two of their dressers against the wall under the window .
tr	NNS	The goggles worn by Virgin Soldiers provided colorless yet effective night vision .
tr	NNS	" There are hills and no houses , which makes it the perfect place to strike .
tr	NNS	Words were scarce ; no one knew what to say .
tr	NNS	The drugs coursing through Thomas 's veins seemed to surge , and he felt himself fading into bliss .
tr	NN	' The pilot says the load is OK now , and it seems such a pity to go so few kilometres after so much trouble ( ? )
tr	NN	" And the second option is ? "
tr	NN	Black tie dress only .
tr	NNS	Rather than storing huge amounts of data recording on analogue video feed , the cameras just focussed on the licence plates of the vehicles entering . '
tr	NNS	" Things don 't have to be worth much to still be beautiful . "
tr	NNS	A few shouts and curses greeted him , but there was no sign of Rachel .
tr	NNS	Things fell silent for a time .
tr	NNS	Four classrooms stood in front of a cracked tennis court covered in weeds .
tr	NN	Sheet lightning fluttered around the horizon .
tr	NN	" There is always a pattern to these , Jen .
tr	NN	A large bellowing roar rumbled behind me , shattering my heart into a million pieces .
tr	NNS	" Female werewolves mark their mates with a bite there .
tr	NNS	Others talked of sneaking up to windows to peer inside , but they did not do so .
tr	NN	The frank male appreciation that suddenly fired his gaze sent sexual awareness washing over her .
tr	NNS	There were rumours I was a coward -- that I 'd spent the week hiding in a hole with Austin to avoid the fighting .
tr	NNS	The drums thump by and we press against the walls to allow them to pass .
tr	NNS	But considering the other man held her as a complete body shield , knife to her neck , his chances were not good .
tr	NN	The tip of her nose was red .
tr	NN	" Because there 's a hunter here . "
tr	NN	Your lust comes off you in great waves when she 's around . "
tr	NNS	" The warriors will kill him .
tr	NNS	Their uniforms were sharp , their postures dangerous , their faces worn .
tr	NN	The liquid inside looked thicker than blood .
tr	NNS	Since I did drugs ? "
tr	NNS	Humble little Albert trailed behind with the blaring boom box on his shoulder .
tr	NNS	Their expressions were cold , stripped down to a bare hostility .
tr	NN	A serene celebration of the circle of life as it began once again its unending dance .
tr	NNS	" Your Highness wanted to see me ? "
tr	NNS	But politeness offered her an emotional buffer she badly needed .
tr	NNS	Soldiers crawl out of their hiding places and eye each other , looking for clues .
tr	NN	He was unshaven , his clothing rumpled .
tr	NN	The blue lever will signal anyone that is there to save you -- but be careful that you are sure the enemy is gone .
tr	NN	Arlene 's trailer was as crowded as it needed to be already .
tr	NN	At least that dangerous reddish tinge subsided .
tr	NN	The strike ended two days later .
tr	NN	The click of heels on the floor sounded as Emma Montgomery walked away .
tr	NNS	" But images ar ... just images . "
tr	NN	' Your captain seems to care for your opinion . '
tr	NN	The misery etched in her eyes was something he knew he put there .
tr	NNS	My grandparents are all still alive down in Florida .
tr	NN	He knew he couldn , t continue this way .
tr	NN	" Another illusion shattered . "
tr	NNS	Once you sit down at the table , there are no changes .
tr	NNS	The butterflies in Sonia 's stomach , already out-of-control , went into overdrive .
tr	NN	Perhaps meddling with nobles and royals was not such a pleasurable pastime as it appeared .
tr	NNS	" The actions leading to Isaac 's death are why we 're here , Nina .
tr	NN	" There 's a fake ? "
tr	NNS	The floors , though comprised of that same ethereal substance , allowing a view of the land and people below , were somehow solid .
tr	NN	And so fucking confused .
tr	NN	The beige van was thirty yards ahead of it .
tr	NN	Every instinct he possessed told him to back off .
tr	NNS	" Besides , what 's a few more deaths on my hands after Thursday ?
tr	NN	His hood had fallen back , and the torchlight glimmered over his loose silver hair as he buried his face in her neck .
tr	NN	A low whistle drew Mortimer 's attention to the side to see that Bricker had joined him and was ogling their neighbors with a wholly male appreciation .
tr	NNS	Night vision goggles rested atop his head .
tr	NN	The prestige was enormous enough just being a member or an associate .
tr	NNS	The Nomads were well rested , all necessary repairs to the wagons finished .
tr	NN	" This fellow might have been an unfortunate coincidence .
tr	NNS	When a doctor finally pronounced Mac bruised but fine , the nurses were disappointed to see the group leave .
tr	NNS	" But , " Joy continued with a beleaguered sigh , " your matchmaking efforts won 't work . "
tr	NN	Scrambling to avoid the onslaught of projectiles , Link suddenly remembers his nemesis using a similar tactic in the past .
tr	NNS	The teachings of Christ were her sole comfort . "
tr	NNS	Animals do it in the wild . "
tr	NN	The receptionist consulted a paper chart in front of her , and then gave a quick answer of two short sentences .
tr	NNS	The three mercenaries flabbergasted when they saw the tall southerner yank the dagger out of his neck .
tr	NN	" In here , " gran called .
tr	NN	The pilot made his announcements on the intercom , and Jared checked my seat belt one last time .
tr	NNS	Looks are deceptive . "
tr	NN	the hound from the Grey Pack asked them in rough French as they slowly stood up from the floor .
tr	NNS	Large square tiles , gray with the familiar geometric border , lined the floor and climbed the walls .
tr	NNS	Even after all these years , meeting fans still made him apprehensive , so he tried to avoid it whenever possible .
tr	NN	" No eagle here that I can see , " said the captain .
tr	NN	the maid asked gruffly .
tr	NNS	The whispers became a murmur .
tr	NN	But the sentence had come ; the inconsistency had vanished ; the case was his .
tr	NNS	" Now , ladies and gentleman , introducing your homecoming king candidates . "
tr	NN	A cushion of music floated up the hall , canceling all other sound .
tr	NNS	Things shouldn 't be that hard for you . "
tr	NNS	Sirens began to blare from the traffic station down the street .
tr	NN	" Actually , " continued the treed bard in his flippant tone .
tr	NNS	" Well , even young warriors cannot drink it for the first time without gasping for breath or spitting it out .
tr	NNS	" There are now millions of races with the power of thought .
tr	NNS	Their movements are so quick that they are a blur .
tr	NNS	His thumbs swiped down into the heat of her and spread her inner core to his gaze .
tr	NNS	Beneath the gown were soft sandals from which the big toe protruded , while his head , beautifully shaped , was completely hairless .
tr	NN	The graveyard lay on a ridge , the green slopes of tea on one side , and the endless yellow grass of the plains on the other .
tr	NNS	The kisses slowed and his chest rose as he drank me in .
tr	NN	When her former employers found her , and recruited her from those same streets , the transition to assassin proved an easy one .
tr	NNS	While remembering all this , several other , disparate images came into my head ; a car rolling over and over and a thunderstorm .
tr	NN	Finally , the twist tie came free and he slung it across the boardwalk .
tr	NNS	Colorful images began to appear and change on the screen , moving about as the woman directed .
tr	NNS	The three dinosaurs stared back .
tr	NN	No offense , Franco , but you 're a man .
tr	NN	Part of it was having Birgitte pressed against my left flank , but honestly it just felt a little like coming home .
tr	NNS	" Hello there , Sir Auron , " the villagers greeted .
tr	NNS	The never-ending alert sirens wailed endlessly .
tr	NN	" That 's the bar well , " Storm explains in a whisper .
tr	NNS	The cobwebs were clearing and I was seeing better now .
tr	NN	A flashlight clicked on and I heard the sound of a gun cock back -- someone wanted to play .
tr	NN	Grief or anger or some combination of the two made him look away from me for a second or two , while he got himself back together .
tr	NNS	And thankfully there are no signs that Marco and Sophia have been here in a while .
tr	NN	re told to help , not interfere . "
tr	NNS	The consequences of telling the truth now were huge .
tr	NN	" The secretary is trying to find him .
tr	NNS	The wax sculptures flanked a desk where Jonas White sat waiting .
tr	NNS	When he 's healed himself , he stands , checks for any cuts he might have missed , then warily faces the other black panel .
tr	NN	" Not without risk to yourselves , " advised the Keeper of the Ancient Wisdom .
tr	NN	Their race , we 're told , was first to read and write .
tr	NN	The Fagan government requested that a memorial be established in honor of the dead .
tr	NN	The notion blazed across Daniel 's mind in a flash of horror .
tr	NN	There was no reasoning with him .
tr	NNS	The tests break down a person 's genome at specific locations .
tr	NN	Your honesty ... although a bit brutal , is refreshing .
tr	NNS	The differences between the cultures were even evident in their clothes .
tr	NN	Fin 's announcement brought all eyes to him .
tr	NN	The fellow scurried off .
tr	NN	In this case , honesty might not have been the best policy .
tr	NN	Unlike the floor above , the storage cellar had undergone little renovation .
tr	NN	A thick mass of seaweed slapped against his face , temporarily blinding Daniel .
tr	NNS	Evidently , the aliens had lifted their " quarantined ship " story and granted him access to join the pursuit .
tr	NNS	The letters fell from my hand and onto the bedspread .
tr	NN	She flew into his arms , her red hair wrapping round him .
tr	NNS	There weren 't any new engineering ideas they could apply if this one failed .
tr	NNS	The healers must still be with the woman .
tr	NN	A menacing , vampire , held the other girl in his iron grasp , and continued to bite the girl .
tr	NNS	Virgin Soldiers of the Great Seen Unseen were serious , professional and exact .
tr	NNS	Romulus threw the next bomb nearly straight up , knowing it would be harder to dodge .
tr	NN	Gretchen 's pulse throbbed as she gave pursuit .
tr	NN	The only goal gripping his mind in its sway was the need to destroy this thing before him completely .
tr	NN	" Part of the training we get at school , and rest at home .
tr	NN	" Ok , so how do we get to the King ? "
tr	NN	My only remaining option was making a run for it using the first blast energy .
tr	NNS	" How about the international operations ?
tr	NN	" What did the gentleman say to that ? "
tr	NN	" My biological aunt . "
tr	NN	The sentiment should come from him , not his commander .
tr	NN	" That one bruise on her arm was weird ... it kind of looked like mine . "
tr	NNS	Outside , the winds began howling , audible even through the thick stone .
tr	NNS	The cakes had to cool before I set them inside boxes for transport .
tr	NNS	The elves had eaten them .
tr	NN	Human conflict is widespread and decreasing as disease spreads .
tr	NN	A polite cough from Mark brought me back to the real world .
tr	NN	My pulse raced , and I moved my hips again , groaning when he thrust inside at the same time .
tr	NNS	Eleven years ago Lucas 's kisses had been passionate , but teasing and tempting , luring her into love play .
tr	NN	And then our Master fell silent , and he sighed , and we went away and left him in his sad communion with the Orb .
tr	NNS	Things she didn 't seem remotely interested in .
tr	NNS	The bars of the cage were pressing uncomfortably into Simon 's back .
tr	NN	Our own Nicky had already demonstrated the Samoyed wandering tendency .
tr	NNS	With the changing of the season travelers began to journey home from sea voyages for the winter .
tr	NN	Ric 's absence on opening day turned out to be an anomaly .
tr	NN	The leader looked at her .
tr	NN	A prickly unease crept up Vanessa 's spine .
tr	NNS	Luckily , cases like this are rare .
tr	NN	" No offense intended .
tr	NNS	" Their prayers , their beliefs , their mythologies .
tr	NN	" You wretches should be honored to be in the London Institute , " snarled a silver-haired Shadowhunter by the name of Starkweather .
tr	NN	Bowing , disappointed , the hairdresser withdrew .
tr	NNS	People began to stand , the whispers replaced by cries of help .
tr	NNS	Things had to appear mundane -- as if no one had any idea of the presence of vampires .
tr	NN	" You real y can 't see people 's brain patterns ?
tr	NNS	" What are the ladies wearing tonight ? "
tr	NNS	The gates opened , way too slowly to suit me .
tr	NN	The werewolf swung its head around and snarled at me .
tr	NN	The momentum of it all was so powerful that effortlessly both of them changed positions .
tr	NN	" My partner helps people make good decisions . "
tr	NNS	My juices started flowing , and I gripped the sheets tightly as I waited for my first orgasm of the night to hit me .
tr	NNS	The other mothers she 'd met at the park had formed a casual group , meeting once a week for coffee .
tr	NN	The captain of the girls ' soccer team broke the silence .
tr	NNS	Chicago 's vamps believed Jennifer Porter 's death was the work of a Rogue , maybe one unsatisfied with living in the shadow of Chicago 's Houses .
tr	NNS	Since that was one of the most historic things ever to happen to our town , our leaders commemorated the event with a parade .
tr	NNS	And that these trials push us out of our comfort zone , help us to grow , and bring us closer to God .
tr	NNS	If it was a failure , their congratulations were very cordial .
tr	NN	Anyone failing to do so will be returned to their unit , " roared the sergeant .
tr	NN	With tires squealing and smoke billowing from behind the car , the old sedan charged up the street toward them .
tr	NN	The fiend made no moves toward him .
tr	NN	" A quarter of this country is on Ramon 's payroll . "
tr	NNS	Things were no longer so black-and-white to me .
tr	NNS	Long , black tentacles hung from his chin .
tr	NN	A rotten stench of fungus greeted Heston .
tr	NNS	The duchess sniffed disdainfully , still irked by Miss Lawrence 's definition of conventionality .
tr	NN	The hotel lounge was empty of residents , and had the air of a sleepy retirement home or the convalescence room in a sanatorium .
tr	NN	" Telling the full truth here , sushi is raw fish in rolls . "
tr	NNS	Deep forests surrounded us , and I could almost imagine the clash of Romans and the German tribes , battles long forgotten , and tears uncountable .
tr	NNS	The disheveled detectives charged into the hall , ignoring the uniformed officer unconscious on the floor , just in time to see the elevator doors snap shut .
tr	NN	The receptionist phoned Nina on the second floor , and within seconds she appeared in a rush and warmly greeted her boss 's wife .
tr	NN	" Just fucking try it ! "
tr	NN	" This village has guards , " the Master said .
tr	NN	How much did the inspector know about the kidnapping attempt ?
tr	NNS	The petals gone , scorched into the fake wood of his apartment .
tr	NNS	Others would have no problem with that at all .
tr	NN	This remaining gang leader was still living in our old house with over 50 men and dozens of women .
tr	NNS	The gears under the technician 's immediate control moved rapidly while the ship lowered at a rate invisible to the eye .
tr	NNS	The temperatures had plunged to well below zero overnight and the weather forecaster didn 't see any respite coming for awhile .
tr	NN	Every tourist with a camera now seemed a potential accomplice in my media hazing .
tr	NNS	There was wetness on Diana 's cheeks , but now she looked taken aback .
tr	NN	Every bump and jostle , every quiver , set her teeth on edge , and she kept waiting for a huge CRACK .
tr	NNS	The next items in the bundle were letters .
tr	NNS	The ancestors surrounded them .
tr	NNS	Two actions from side to side as he lunged , followed by a thrust that would have gutted anyone in front of him .
tr	NN	The surrounding foliage and wild trees seemed to make it even darker .
tr	NN	" This old laptop cannot access the internet out here .
tr	NN	This gentleman is here to help us .
tr	NN	The accent was there but it wasn 't overwhelming .
tr	NN	The confirmation that life as she knew it was nothing but a memory stung her soul and she found herself sobbing harder at the truth he offered .
tr	NN	" Some jelly , it wobbles when I eat it . "
tr	NNS	Cars sped past me with their bass raised to ridiculous levels , pounding up my legs and into my heart .
tr	NNS	" Enough honeymoon shots , " Ruby said loudly .
tr	NN	The ROV cable trailed down it and vanished into the darkness .
tr	NNS	Delores pauses , then asks , " Are you okay ? "
tr	NN	A small storage cottage stood among a few tall trees , and Lia strode straight toward it , dragging Shane behind her .
tr	NN	It weeds out the anomalies , " the redhead told Roberta , who hurried to adjust the alchemy machine .
tr	NNS	His breeches were a pale fawn colour and his auburn hair was brushed until it gleamed , and hung loose around his head .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of who had given me this gift never entered my mind ; that part of my life was over .
tr	NN	Even now there was a vice sitting next to him , quite different in character , being lean and with hooked nose .
tr	NNS	The other members made no objections and it only made me angrier .
tr	NNS	Diggs sat down on the couch beside me .
tr	NNS	Despite his simplicity , his instincts are infallible and he is wily .
tr	NNS	The two idiots chuckled loudly .
tr	NN	Outside , dusk was fast approaching .
tr	NNS	My companions looked sick and strange in the primeval half-light .
tr	NN	All that mattered was the task at hand -- and only part of that task was building a fighting force .
tr	NN	Sweet Dove smoothed a hand over his breastplate .
tr	NNS	Starved of food for a week , the fleas had been desperate enough to do Superman leaps onto the bed to get at me .
tr	NNS	However , the chances of seeing him again were slim .
tr	NN	As I 'd hoped , the trailer nosed in to the hole and tipped up .
tr	NNS	Soldiers were heading somewhere .
tr	NN	This public transport was important , because he didn 't want his car to be noticed , consequently it had been garaged .
tr	NN	Shoving the cork back into the bottle , the colonel smiled .
tr	NNS	My defenses are down , and I 'm left hoping for affection , like some lost puppy that followed her home looking for a handout .
tr	NN	The chalice holds a piece of Abner 's light .
tr	NN	" Yes , he will , " Derek 's grandmother says without hesitation .
tr	NNS	Things had been so strange .
tr	NNS	From the crowd at the hedge there were shouts of ' Get out and milk it ! "
tr	NN	The rigid white strip hit it between the eyes .
tr	NN	At any rate , my reputation deteriorated as the years went by , and the other children were instructed to avoid me .
tr	NNS	The two carts sped off down the steeped path and whizzed by a few trees sporadically lining the descent here and there .
tr	NN	Terror spun around her .
tr	NNS	The kitchens were small and I wondered how they fed them all with such meager operations .
tr	NN	Your instinct is right .
tr	NN	" You are a fool , " the leader of the men from Berne said .
tr	NN	For a long moment the spider waited , ready to strike .
tr	NN	The second delivery , a dozen red roses , bore the get well wishes of Cecil and Gloria Habersham .
tr	NNS	" There are tests for that sort of thing . "
tr	NNS	The stores didn 't make a slip that short , he was almost positive .
tr	NNS	The butterflies in her stomach made it difficult to breathe .
tr	NN	" Your escort awaits . "
tr	NN	Then there was a different sounding click .
tr	NNS	From out of nowhere two teachers charged into the room .
tr	NN	A silver crown nestled inside the circle of flames .
tr	NNS	His hopes for protection , so strong just a minute ago , evaporated into a mist of comprehension .
tr	NNS	Their paws were huge compared to their little faces and Kristen could see in them that they were going to grow up to be incredibly large animals .
tr	NNS	And whatever resources you require , do not hesitate to ask . "
tr	NNS	The countess took me in after my parents ' house was bombed . "
tr	NNS	" What are our chances of booking a transport off this planet ? "
tr	NN	Every hunter knows that . "
tr	NNS	Its spikes grated against the stone as it moved , leaving tiny , razor-thin indentations in their wake .
tr	NNS	Behind those were long vials filled with liquid solutions .
tr	NNS	Our ages are similar . "
tr	NN	" We should talk to her , " said the widow , tugging on Raja 's arm .
tr	NNS	The lush figures of the murals came to life against their red backdrop , the color of dried blood .
tr	NN	The cove was empty .
tr	NN	" The young pup was always arguing with me about the utilities , too .
tr	NN	In the early hours of the following Sunday morning the hunt met beneath overcast skies and drizzle .
tr	NNS	Things started with the palace .
tr	NN	There 's a fifty in there too , but I thought this one might make us all a bit happier .
tr	NN	' One Line , ' by PJ Harvey ... never heard of her . "
tr	NNS	Maks moved straight to Anastasia .
tr	NN	Carson 's soft whistle broke through the silence .
tr	NNS	Eventually the twists and turns of the tunnel came to a larger chamber .
tr	NNS	Parts of this leather betray a subatomic structure of peculiar alignment . "
tr	NN	The safe zone was dead center of the desk and if she kept her eyes glued to it , she could avoid all peripheral views of Dario .
tr	NN	And now that option seems to have come true .
tr	NN	The rider pulls abreast of us , twenty feet away .
tr	NNS	Luckily the effects of the pill were starting to wear off , and he decided that he would soon head home .
tr	NNS	The footsteps continued across the room in deliberate , slow steps away from me .
tr	NNS	Maybe the aliens would bring more carrots once they were gone .
tr	NN	Her eyes blink like mad at the word destiny .
tr	NNS	There are some businessmen who need wives .
tr	NNS	Several angry snarls are now surrounding us as quickening , heavy footsteps approach us from behind .
tr	NN	Jazz said sharply , standing up , as well .
tr	NN	" A fighter pilot ? "
tr	NNS	Fourteen graduating classes had produced sixty-one graduates , 100 % of which attended college , 98 % on full scholarship .
tr	NNS	The runes carved into the stone overlapped one another like shingled sand on a beach .
tr	NN	And there was a shelf of power tools and appliances .
tr	NNS	Random images swirled around in chaos .
tr	NNS	Worlds meet and flow apart -- the timeless fertilization of the universe between dimensions ... but an imbalance has occurred .
tr	NNS	Her murmurs filled his ears , making him even harder for her .
tr	NN	As soon as he recovered , the warrior pushed him again .
tr	NN	The last big operation shut down about eight big dealers .
tr	NNS	The blasts knocked the soldiers back , and they all tumbled away .
tr	NNS	7 Myles knew he shouldn 't push it with Vivian .
tr	NNS	With the help of the right beast , good warriors became great , and great warriors became legends .
tr	NN	A dim lamp sat on a bedside table .
tr	NN	A plush Persian rug covered the wide pine floorboards .
tr	NNS	torches , lit in the mists .
tr	NNS	Within those million galaxies only from one to five planets will support life . "
tr	NNS	The pilgrims went into the dining room .
tr	NN	Selene 's French accent was thick , but it only added to her beauty .
tr	NNS	Flames poured out of the shattered window just above them .
tr	NN	The young Prince moved into the chamber and sat on a chair with a soft cushion .
tr	NN	A slight rustling from below his bunk set his heart to racing .
tr	NN	" Your leader told you to come and fetch me , correct ? "
tr	NN	Truthfully , the concept of loving myself seemed ... foreign .
tr	NNS	Things just take on the appearance of a self-cleaning lab .
tr	NNS	Cassius squeezed my hand and led me toward the awaiting bench .
tr	NNS	All the other gang members laughed at me ... but ... but not Anita .
tr	NNS	The pools are just ahead . "
tr	NN	My sister 's birth must have still been on my mind so much that it was now playing tricks on me .
tr	NN	The quaint disorder of Hearken both disturbed and intrigued him .
tr	NN	" The map , " he replies .
tr	NN	Now , if the they stop printing , the government will collapse .
tr	NNS	Mantis warriors screamed in agony and died in dozens as they were engulfed in the flames .
tr	NN	The top slice that surrounded the sun slid down to lay flat on the roof .
tr	NNS	The winds are strong , for a summer day .
tr	NN	Nearby , an owl hooted .
tr	NN	Your arrival adds another layer to the mystery .
tr	NN	" That fellow who started to make a speech will fix it .
tr	NN	Just hanging out , and in no way showing the magnitude of what waited for them once they landed .
tr	NNS	Will 's letters tremble and slant backward confusedly .
tr	NN	Her mother-in-law placed both hands in her lap .
tr	NN	Their favor did not waver nor wander .
tr	NN	The barber managed a final word before he fell in a pile of meat and skin . "
tr	NNS	The secondary Reyes stretched out on her left , the primary on her right .
tr	NNS	Future generations depend on this moment .
tr	NNS	The wolves had caught him , and now they were making him pay .
tr	NNS	But there were no footsteps , no madman rushing toward her , no more movement .
tr	NNS	* * * * * Under the bright light of day , arcs of silver cut into the giant lake that swept away to the far-off horizon .
tr	NN	How 's that compare to three ? "
tr	NNS	Her defenses were weak around Cade Beauregard .
tr	NN	Longbow 's assessment of the two previous wars strongly suggested that the forts were only for show .
tr	NN	A popping sound fol owed the movement , and the flames vanished as fast as they appeared .
tr	NNS	" I wouldn 't waste time on him , " said red cords .
tr	NN	The werewolf flew back several feet and landed on the floor .
tr	NN	" The coast is clear . "
tr	NNS	Looks like you 'd have to pass a credit check just to get through the door .
tr	NN	There wasn 't a huge support network for threesomes , after all .
tr	NN	Perhaps ' t was a McCabe thing .
tr	NN	The maid set down the silver tray beautifully laid with tiny jugs and a sugar bowl with tongs .
tr	NN	The dart hurtled past Alexia 's ear .
tr	NNS	Others begin shuffling through the waiting citizens .
tr	NN	Did he remember the heat of those afternoons , their canoe slipping through riffles , the pastures gold in the sunlight , another summer grew old .
tr	NNS	Inside the room , many screens scatter up along the walls , in the most ridiculous of patterns .
tr	NN	His specialty is wolves but Snowball is a dog , not a wolf . "
tr	NNS	Aurelius attempted the turn and like a miracle , it worked .
tr	NNS	Almost magically the colors of the Kundalini showed brilliantly behind him .
tr	NNS	Looks like somebody has a fire over near the settlers ' ruins . "
tr	NNS	The hounds slammed into the door from behind , each time jolting them out of place for a brief moment .
tr	NNS	But such psychic efforts take a tremendous amount of energy , and it is best if I can set aside time and resources .
tr	NNS	The jaws of the first dog narrowly missed my neck by an inch .
tr	NNS	Looks like we 've adapted ourselves right out of existence .
tr	NNS	Our first time travelers , whom we sent a day forward into the future , bridged the void easily enough .
tr	NN	Finally Storm stops asking me questions .
tr	NN	Her polite reserve had all but vanished and the bewitching smiles she sent his way were making his blood boil .
tr	NNS	Reyes accepted more congratulations on his winning bid , just as Angelica received the once-over again and again .
tr	NNS	The surroundings moved by , and the car forged onwards quickly over rough terrain and rocks like a boat treading water .
tr	NNS	Doug 's explanations of his own actions seemed plausible enough .
tr	NN	" Our unit began following the other and it attacked our unit .
tr	NN	" Simple , " Shelly answered before Emma could respond , " Finish what that other lady started . "
tr	NN	After another ten minutes of hiking , a pearly sheen of ice began to coat the walls , reflecting the beam of Painter 's flashlight .
tr	NNS	Two narrow spikes stuck out of its elbows while six long , slimy blue tentacles slithered from its back .
tr	NN	Her bravado made me smile .
tr	NNS	" The duchess is there with her advisors and they are no doubt forming a plan even as we speak . "
tr	NNS	The game grew more intense as it went on , the statements cruder .
tr	NN	The conflict divides us just as the county is unable to decide .
tr	NN	The gentle rustle split the page in two , and she realised that there was another sheet behind it .
tr	NNS	At the foot of the bed , a trunk sat on its side , flung open , the contents spilled and scattered over the floor .
tr	NN	His secretary has been working for him for years and does her job well .
tr	NN	The rope dropped to the ground and Declan grabbed one of her hands in his and squeezed tightly .
tr	NNS	Three bulbs on their stalks hung from the starboard stay rope .
tr	NN	But there was one angel that thought all of that praising and honoring was useless and was not needed .
tr	NN	" Your uncle runs the mortuary ?
tr	NN	Our brave commander , after releasing the beasts and leaving me down in Section Six , proceeded to the dock and stole the Nyx . '
tr	NNS	The painful experiences of the day before seemed like nothing more than a bad nightmare , one he hoped was really over .
tr	NNS	Reyes reached out to trace a fingertip over the winged man 's face , realized the paint was still wet and dropped his arm .
tr	NNS	Apparently her siblings had already arrived .
tr	NN	A sob broke deep in my chest .
tr	NN	" Shut up or you 'll die , " the other werewolf snapped at Marco .
tr	NN	There was an inch or two of water left on Pearl Street .
tr	NN	A map showing a path through the city immediately formed on the glass door .
tr	NN	A startled shriek escaped me .
tr	NNS	The cats would have torn him apart if they could .
tr	NNS	There are thousands of similar villages throughout the world , all populated by the poorer half of the planet 's citizens .
tr	NN	" Ms. Cavanaugh , " the sheriff said , ducking his head and removing his hat .
tr	NN	The chief healer was just arriving as they entered , and he moved immediately through the reception room and into the adjoining bedroom .
tr	NNS	In order to see it to perfection , some elves spent their lives on a single piece of work -- nearly a millennium .
tr	NNS	Her movements quicken , and I slow my speed as we approach her apartment complex .
tr	NN	A smooth , sinewy , and apparently entirely human limb lay exposed .
tr	NN	The lance of flame missed him by a foot and momentarily smashed the curtain of falling water behind the white throne into steam .
tr	NN	Late in the afternoon four days later a small air transport arrived at the farm with the new Neil on board .
tr	NNS	Those vamps don 't mess around when they kill somebody . "
tr	NNS	The specifics didn 't matter .
tr	NNS	Luckily the sunglasses would cut the glare of the gym while I pranced around in my stupid costume .
tr	NNS	Her skin-tight breeches left little to the imagination , and I felt frozen , sitting there like some damn idiot , completely under her control .
tr	NN	The tip of her white braid brushed against her hip .
tr	NNS	Round after round , the zombies were falling to the blacktop , never to get up again .
tr	NNS	Here and there special offers show up .
tr	NNS	The letters never arrive together , though they 're nearly always sent on the same day .
tr	NNS	Myles was just about to leave the safety of his car to help the man to his truck when the radio sparked to life .
tr	NN	Not that your current personality is that different from your old one .
tr	NN	The dimple she noticed before in his cheek now teased her .
tr	NNS	Her large tits were on display for him to see .
tr	NNS	Chills shoot down my arm and my nipple puckers , a silent vote on behalf of my body .
tr	NN	As Melody began making her way toward the elevators , her math teacher , Ms. Olson , and the principal , Mr. West , joined her .
tr	NNS	Barnabas lurched forward to catch me .
tr	NNS	The roads used to be full of them running their set routes around the city .
tr	NNS	Hands made of flame and a face that was all fire and fury rose up .
tr	NNS	The mercenaries shared a look .
tr	NNS	Smells of cooking wafted past them as they followed Paulin when he continued down the cobblestone street , eating his fruit and glancing about .
tr	NNS	Families inherited the property where they resided while collective farm workers gained shares in their businesses after the government had converted them into corporations .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of seduction faded .
tr	NNS	Screams filled the air .
tr	NNS	Nerves trembled my bones .
tr	NN	The district attorney will draw his own conclusions .
tr	NN	Her first inclination to pull away from him , she laid her head on his muscular arm instead .
tr	NNS	Their kisses grew deeper and deeper still , as if they could breathe each other , consume each other , devour each other whole .
tr	NN	The notion of an arranged marriage is just a little humiliating . '
tr	NNS	Flames still rose from it .
tr	NNS	There are no guarantees that these tests are safe , and they may not even work . "
tr	NN	Superstitious The village mayor was very superstitious .
tr	NNS	Those aristocratic types make a woman do what she never dreamed of doing . "
tr	NNS	There were drops of blood by the sign .
tr	NNS	Ellen 's sobs tore at Anne Marie 's heart and soon her own face was streaked with tears .
tr	NNS	" Paranormal royal siblings meet for the first time . "
tr	NN	Under the tangle was a coin -- a shiny and barely worn gold coin .
tr	NN	The airport loomed ahead .
tr	NNS	Flowers everywhere , everywhere I step .
tr	NNS	The other patrols hadn 't been fruitless .
tr	NN	A serpentine tail curled behind it , while in front a regal mane encircled an eerily human face with one long horn protruding from the crown .
tr	NNS	Hands reached over the side of the raft .
tr	NN	" Good , " said the dragon .
tr	NN	Their terrified sobs echo in the cement chamber a hundred times , the shrieks of the demons with glowing eyes .
tr	NN	As I said , there is no explanation for us .
tr	NN	The lightning ceased and as the perfect dark sank around me I could feel death approaching .
tr	NNS	Glass sculptures dangled from the tall ceilings , floating in a nonexistent breeze .
tr	NN	The dragon groaned , the sound of it rippling through her .
tr	NN	Her sensitivity returned to the physical .
tr	NNS	But then her actions had proved Mel right .
tr	NNS	There were other changes in Helen as well .
tr	NN	The operator nodded his head and the sheriff returned to his post alongside the sinkhole .
tr	NN	A round pendant on a silver chain hung around her neck .
tr	NN	The sequence was pure coincidence , but the beauty of it made him smile inside .
tr	NNS	" Where 's the pills you had outside ? "
tr	NN	That stack of papers still sitting on the kitchen table over there declared it , and they 'd both signed .
tr	NN	The roar of the water was a never ending crescendo of sound .
tr	NNS	The footsteps were feminine , not masculine .
tr	NN	At the far end of the vale stood the anomaly .
tr	NNS	The gills were still there and his eyes seemed entirely black with huge irises .
tr	NN	The leap propelled her farther than she could have hoped .
tr	NN	The soft whistle vibrates for the end of the learning session at the EDU center four .
tr	NN	Their only option at that point was to flee .
tr	NN	The absence of the connection left an aching maw inside his soul .
tr	NNS	Things that happen stay happened .
tr	NNS	Moses followed and asked " But how are we gon na do that ? "
tr	NN	Nicole 's southern accent was strong .
tr	NN	A few patrons surveyed the offerings , though none were the young girl .
tr	NN	A parade of county vehicles closed in on them .
tr	NN	My birthday 's two weeks before Halloween . "
tr	NN	Once she learnt to grab hold of the words with her mind the difficulty changed .
tr	NNS	Reyes once again punched the wall , grunting from the force .
tr	NN	The captain of the mercenaries nodded his head .
tr	NNS	Lots of dark wood , flags of Ireland all over the place and even a bronze leprechaun crouched on the bar .
tr	NN	A great hairstyle picked up .
tr	NN	The hatch on the fifth missile silo burst open and a plume of flame , smoke and steam shot forth .
tr	NN	Another sweep of the room told Kylie that Derek hadn 't arrived yet , either .
tr	NN	There was a roar that shook everyone to their bones .
tr	NNS	The butterflies swirling through my stomach were a mixture of anticipation and fear .
tr	NN	" But my Serena pulled through .
tr	NNS	And there are always rivals . '
tr	NNS	Some ancient creatures of Earth did it .
tr	NN	The leader smirked as he walked in , and Altair regarded him for a moment , seeing him shrink a little under his gaze .
tr	NNS	The companions hurried into the building , stepping over debris that had fallen from upper stories and the ceiling .
tr	NNS	Few werewolves had this ability to shapeshift .
tr	NNS	There were no more floors but just the sky .
tr	NNS	More witnesses kept against their will ?
tr	NN	Considering Pearl 's reputation for friendliness and her tendency to welcome people with open arms , this secrecy cemented Sloane 's certainty .
tr	NNS	" All the base apartments are that different .
tr	NN	" The fear must have scrambled her mind , " the commander suggested .
tr	NNS	The images were so slow he could see every bit of movement , every bit of detail .
tr	NNS	Things had definitely changed over the past eight weeks .
tr	NN	Each thrust sent shock waves though my body , amplifying everything until I screamed with pleasure .
tr	NNS	The images from my nightmare linger , haunting me .
tr	NN	" I 've a favor to ask , my lord , " Remington said .
tr	NNS	Her long fingernails glittered with minute inset emeralds .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of night ghosts haunted his mind .
tr	NNS	The nurses all had the same look about them .
tr	NNS	As he held her waist and kissed her bottom the chains at his neck vibrated , telling him that she liked what he was doing .
tr	NNS	Most supernaturals would never have wanted to deal with the dead , not even for the love of history .
tr	NN	" A reputation as what , for God 's sake ? "
tr	NNS	" Fashion items don 't kill people . "
tr	NN	A sob that had been hiding somewhere deep within me found its way to the surface .
tr	NN	His head was turned sharply , his panicked gaze fixed on the burning fuse .
tr	NN	Peter 's speech function had a way to go , but it was definitely improving .
tr	NN	My night attire was cuter .
tr	NN	Link could almost swear Boo sitting there , waiting .
tr	NNS	But Twenty Questions is now officially over . "
tr	NNS	Others drew lots and gambled away what small amounts of steel coin they had .
tr	NNS	With the fighting stopped , the pirates run over to the railing to see why the ship is moving so strangely .
tr	NNS	My nostrils filled with water .
tr	NN	" How the devil can an idiot be useful ? "
tr	NN	A kerosene lamp stood on a small table in the corner , along with some dirty glasses and wadded newspaper .
tr	NN	I meant only that your photographs don , t do you justice .
tr	NN	The pond was home to a pair of 6-foot alligators that all too often had feasted on errant tee shots .
tr	NN	" Where 's the sheriff ? "
tr	NNS	The hard planes of his face had softened ; the lines at the corners of his mouth and between his eyes eased into youthful evenness .
tr	NNS	To the tune of some chant unknown to Ambrose , the warriors stroked rhythmically .
tr	NN	The bullet bit into his chest , and he fell backward , blood immediately pouring from the wound .
tr	NNS	" Those chains are for precaution sake .
tr	NNS	The butterflies in my stomach flooded my throat .
tr	NNS	The black dwarves fired heedless of the risk of stray bolts .
tr	NN	Altair very deliberately fixed his gaze on a guard directly in front of him ... Don 't ignore the others but home in on one .
tr	NNS	The areas of this planet that were destroyed in their war continue to recover , but as of yet are not at a point of habitability .
tr	NNS	" My sincerest apologies for lingering and making you run into me . "
tr	NN	The anonymity was a refreshing change of pace .
tr	NN	A cascade of water shot upwards and outwards like a steaming jet from an erupting geyser .
tr	NNS	" Things didn 't go well on your little to-do list ? "
tr	NN	Sure enough , the rainbow was back .
tr	NNS	" In our world , facts are very hard to determine .
tr	NN	There was a wrenching , snapping roar and the rushing sound of water .
tr	NNS	The safe downstairs was a room that easily rivaled the size of any of the stores on Rodeo Drive .
tr	NNS	All his parent 's hopes become dust .
tr	NN	He hadn , t really feasted on those men last night .
tr	NNS	" These wolves are wonderful . "
tr	NNS	Images of cutting them both down where they stood , something he could do in his sleep , deluged his mind .
tr	NN	The fur was mostly gray with just the smallest trace of brown .
tr	NNS	Suddenly , car doors slammed , footsteps echoed .
tr	NNS	These living quarters were small compared to others that I 'd seen in the building , but all the Elder cared about was its location .
tr	NN	The next rank was Magician , and you would have had to take a test to progress from one to the other .
tr	NNS	" Perhaps Her Highness would tell us what that dream is ? "
tr	NN	The thief handed over the bread .
tr	NNS	Others call it intuition . "
tr	NN	" We 'll give your client fifteen minutes to show up , " said the mayor .
tr	NN	There 's a security van parked at the gate .
tr	NNS	One mutant was still loose .
tr	NN	The Master licked his lips , a nervous movement .
tr	NNS	And suddenly , when I was almost on the point of new despair , his eyelids flickered , lifted .
tr	NN	Part of me even liked the destruction ... destruction that I now wielded control over .
tr	NN	The foliage of the tree was so dense , they couldn 't see the trap , even after they had touched down .
tr	NNS	Romulus must have had some idea , because his eyes danced with wild delight .
tr	NN	And instinct told him to hide his bitter feelings , but it was hard .
tr	NNS	His pupils dilated and his nostrils flared .
tr	NN	The troll cried out and cranked its stocky neck over its slumping shoulder to see what was causing it so much pain .
tr	NNS	Just then , Janie 's chili arrived , finally .
tr	NN	Through his slumped shoulders , his embarrassment was already clear .
tr	NNS	Even among the elite hunters , those who chased down rogue packs , the members rarely were without their companions .
tr	NN	" What is a clown ? "
tr	NNS	The edges of his mouth softened .
tr	NNS	Hands gripped , jostled and guided me across the crowd .
tr	NNS	There were accommodations for men such as himself in London , but it had been many years since he 'd had recourse to such a place .
tr	NNS	All the myths said vampires couldn 't see their reflections , and yet that obviously wasn 't true .
tr	NNS	Were there helpers just behind to make sure they made it over the edge and down upon the bone mountain below ?
tr	NN	The racket startled a couple of birds and they quickly flew away from the area squawking loudly .
tr	NN	The misses is on her way to your shop with her sister . "
tr	NNS	Some Girl Scout cookies would be way better than a hysterical , sobbing female .
tr	NN	On the other hand , this notion appeared rather implausible to him , because the scientist found cramming to be absolutely undesirable and counter effective .
tr	NN	" What is your reasoning ? "
tr	NN	Her wig had come off and she left it in her lap .
tr	NNS	Things had gone so well .
tr	NN	But the gloom in the clouds looked less than normal and mostly like a bruise .
tr	NNS	The men 's shouts had woken Rosco , Jo-Jo 's tubby basset hound , who eyed them with lazy disinterest from his wicker basket in the corner .
tr	NNS	The images of what her father did to her danced through her head .
tr	NNS	His hands and feet were not tied too hard , the leather strips did not constrict circulation .
tr	NNS	Communications networks are failing .
tr	NN	That indirect praise showed me the trait of arrogance was still present , only thinly veiled .
tr	NN	" Earthly immortality would be a burden , not a satisfaction . "
tr	NN	Then there was a bark , and Moist 's face broke into a smile .
tr	NNS	Before long , though , the boards dried , and my work went smoothly .
tr	NN	Part of me was afraid that if I let it go it would fade away and once again be lost .
tr	NN	The Master never spoke -- rarely thought .
tr	NN	Big folded sheets , meticulously drawn , government sponsored .
tr	NNS	Looks like there was or is a network of tunnels under this castle .
tr	NNS	The gates were at least twenty feet tall -- big enough for a giant to enter .
tr	NNS	Luckily , better solutions to the problem may have come along .
tr	NNS	Various signs warned against blocking the ramp .
tr	NNS	Questions asked too early usually received only a grunting response and a dismissive wave .
tr	NN	By the way , " Jones 's pen hovered over his notepad .
tr	NNS	Their kisses were hard , their tongues tasting .
tr	NN	Instead of relief , the moment he disappeared from her field of vision , chaos rushed in to fill the vacuum he 'd left behind .
tr	NN	His grandmother simply shrugged .
tr	NN	" The majority of you are . "
tr	NNS	Thoughts of her plagued him constantly .
tr	NN	Destiny returned the favor , losing herself in the beauty of his masculine body .
tr	NN	" The best defense is a structured site .
tr	NN	Least of all , not a punk like you . "
tr	NN	The young elf slid the spellbook to the side , revealing his true project .
tr	NNS	Probably drugs , but not the kind Nick usually saw at murder scenes .
tr	NN	The muffled slur of his words makes them even more ominous .
tr	NNS	Screams echoed down the hallway as soldiers writhed on the ground .
tr	NN	' All that bravado , ' Finn would think , ' but who are you trying to convince ?
tr	NNS	He knew she liked kissing him , liked the smoothness of his lips , the taste of his tongue .
tr	NN	A snake coiled round the gargoyles ' feet .
tr	NN	Then Song placed her other hand on Echo 's shoulder .
tr	NN	" Yes , " the oracle whispered , and raised a withered hand , pointing at me .
tr	NNS	The prevailing winds of this latitude are from the west to the north and east .
tr	NN	The crash of splintering glass became the sound of a rushing wind , and the world went very dark .
tr	NNS	Cadmus studied me for a moment , his dark eyes thoughtful .
tr	NN	A surprisingly simple panel of gray circular readouts greeted me .
tr	NN	Every creak of the giant building made me feel sure that something terrible was about to happen .
tr	NNS	Ashe 's sneakers squeaked on the tiled kitchen floor as he sailed into the kitchen .
tr	NNS	Here and there bushes or taller grasses made holes of blackness they walked around .
tr	NNS	' But his colleagues , ' she concluded , ' say he seemed less stressed yesterday , and confirm he left normally around five . '
tr	NN	Part of me wants to shut down and push him out .
tr	NNS	The gentle whispers in his mind increased , and when the blood had cleared from his eyes , he saw at last : he was alone .
tr	NNS	Flames licked at even the tallest buildings around the spire , and several homes were only blackened skeletons , crumbling relics of what they once were .
tr	NN	The latest development was the stream of Ranger vehicles converging on the Residence .
tr	NNS	Her temples throbbed with the weight of a thousand denials .
tr	NN	When droplets hit the floor , the linoleum made a horrible sizzling sound .
tr	NNS	That the choking sobs torn from my chest were really mine .
tr	NN	The exterior sweep of the Zurich Circle was desolate at that hour .
tr	NNS	Werewolves don 't belong in cities .
tr	NNS	All those meetings with the president and heads of state were paying off for him big time .
tr	NN	The slight slur in his voice led me to believe he was on his way to being drunk if he wasn 't already .
tr	NNS	Looks like we both got lucky . "
tr	NNS	There are only so many insults in any language .
tr	NNS	" Pity werewolves heal so fast . "
tr	NNS	The new creatures stepped back as Kate and Jason approached .
tr	NN	The hatch is part of something bigger , an ancient and enormous alien spacecraft .
tr	NN	The harbour was now well behind and the tall sheer cliffs were approaching .
tr	NN	Her core would quiver in anticipation and her breath would come short .
tr	NNS	Lights flashed and fans whirred softly as the machine sprang into life .
tr	NNS	The heavy blades pulled them off balance , even causing some of them to trip up .
tr	NN	Alex shoots her a deadpan gaze as if to say , " Come on .
tr	NNS	The ruins themselves were vast in size .
tr	NN	Another bullet ricocheted off a pile of rocks at the base of the mountain .
tr	NN	The exercise was more to renew acquaintance .
tr	NN	His accent was extremely think and intimidating as well and I couldn 't quite make out where he was from .
tr	NNS	Images of the intimacy she and Tony had shared just a short while ago rushed back to taunt her .
tr	NNS	Two Freaks rushed me .
tr	NN	Instead , with nothing to detract from his handsomeness , the blank canvas just made Jackson look all the more gorgeous .
tr	NN	The sweater is okay , but it 's not going to work .
tr	NN	The aircraft climbed , the fuselage rattling .
tr	NN	My own orgasm heightened , and I felt my muscles draw him in deeper .
tr	NN	Another pulse of light , and then Andrew ... Oh God ... Ash 's scream confirmed what I suspected .
tr	NNS	Soldiers moved in a bustle through the spacious room .
tr	NNS	The possibilities of Drake 's premonition jag in my brain like an out of control train .
tr	NNS	The images are more crisp .
tr	NNS	The pirates brought in our meals and placed them on the metal table .
tr	NNS	The ancestors lifted their hands , and the fire roared twice as high as before .
tr	NNS	When the first horse penetrated the clearing , the hounds burst in their direction .
tr	NNS	Graham 's fears roared to the surface .
tr	NN	The tapestry was barely blowing outward , not to the side .
tr	NNS	My recollections and assessments may not be entirely accurate any longer . "
tr	NNS	The violent winds die .
tr	NN	The clown leaned forward in his chair and glared at us .
tr	NNS	My instincts screamed for me to turn him down , but I don 't want to risk a lawsuit . "
tr	NNS	Different species instinctively fought each other , but Collars , Shifters had found , let them live side by side in some kind of peace .
tr	NNS	A few attendants have remained loyal to us from the early days . "
tr	NN	When his hand slid up her side , molded to her breast , a sob of pure pleasure burst from her throat .
tr	NNS	Summers are short in Southern Ontario .
tr	NN	As soon as he told Serenity , a flutter of nervous butterflies stirred in her stomach .
tr	NN	As I drove past them , her round belly registered in my brain , and I was suddenly overcome by a firestorm of jealousy .
tr	NN	Across from me , a large poster showed a group of young men and women in business wear jumping .
tr	NN	There was madness in what was happening , but it no longer mattered to her .
tr	NN	" They can 't have gone too far , " the silver blond said .
tr	NN	The sentry 's backup stepped into view ( not too close ! )
tr	NNS	Marius pulled him out of the truck and sat him against the dune .
tr	NNS	" What are the four ideas Chris ? "
tr	NNS	By now , several such strands of hair had escaped and blew freely about her face .
tr	NN	" How did the mayor know that Meg looked like the woman on the wanted poster ?
tr	NN	The stench from their sulphurous content tingled in her nostrils and seared her throat .
tr	NNS	" Or Your Highness , as I suppose we must address you now , ha ha ! "
tr	NN	Her entire defense would have to change now and she wasn 't clear what direction it would take .
tr	NNS	A smiling hairless face beamed at Jack .
tr	NN	Perhaps the pucker would smooth out once the stitches were out .
tr	NNS	Five inches of brilliant snow had carpeted the grounds before they had left .
tr	NN	The Academy 's press wing was just that .
tr	NN	The dwarf grunted her agreement , put down her boxes , and started unpacking them .
tr	NNS	The high cheekbones and sensuously carved lips .
tr	NN	The majority revel in bloodshed .
tr	NNS	And the professors , well , they just wanted to feel young again by sleeping with a coed .
tr	NNS	The ticket agent looks to her computer screen , types quickly on the keys , then looks up at me .
tr	NN	His pulse beat under her fingertips , its pace matching her own .
tr	NNS	The winds were high and the waves hit the boat , throwing a rush of water from the bow over all of us .
tr	NN	So you ' l real y need to - " " I 'm not hungry ! "
tr	NN	Your teacher would be proud of you .
tr	NNS	The countess paused in her embroidery , taking a moment to insert her needle into the fabric so she would not lose her place .
tr	NN	asked little Mira , who stood nearby with Gideon 's mate , Savannah .
tr	NN	Beneath her , the Triton sub fell away fast , its dome hanging loose .
tr	NN	The pilot and his partner had said they 'd found them just when they were about to turn back .
tr	NNS	Strangers who travel without a guide stand a very real chance of being maimed or killed .
tr	NN	The training yard had fallen silent except for the odd noises coming from Ulf .
tr	NNS	Elias got to his feet and shrugged his jacket off .
tr	NN	our creator asked , shaken .
tr	NN	" Love shouldn 't be a battle . "
tr	NN	The distant glaze that had coated his eyes fell away , his words fighting through defiance to be heard .
tr	NNS	Huntress trained her arrow at Jack Frost 's face , " Stand down or I will kill you . "
tr	NN	Her eyes flutter closed .
tr	NNS	The shots having done their job .
tr	NNS	The captain 's quarters were as cramped as any other room she 'd seen , if not more so .
tr	NN	But actually my good buddy Edie never locks hers , anyway .
tr	NN	Such affinity transcends species . "
tr	NN	" Reading the bottom , " the pilot said .
tr	NNS	At the Hall , those differences seemed so subtle .
tr	NN	The gentleman behind the wheel of the rusty truck had a greasy face and wore a baseball cap tilted low over his forehead .
tr	NNS	Out in the corridor , the six creatures laid down together like a pack of lethal puppy dogs .
tr	NNS	Six years later , Azalea sails to England herself and learns that her husband is alive but has no memory of her or their marriage .
tr	NNS	Meanwhile laser blasts were criss-crossing each other .
tr	NNS	Maris blinked at him in total bewilderment , as if he 'd said something in a foreign language .
tr	NN	For all it was green and well washed by constant rains the soil was light and stony and would blow away in dry weather .
tr	NNS	Floral paintings hung on the walls , and elaborate plants spilled out of vases .
tr	NNS	Others will come to you in time .
tr	NN	" The milkshake of madness is a yummy and delicious treat that contains twenty unique ingredients . "
tr	NN	Before Natalie could turn it off , there was a spark and a slight internal explosion .
tr	NNS	The colors didn 't go away .
tr	NNS	Families with strollers and tourists with fancy cameras wandered along the pedestrian paths , going about their business of shopping and sightseeing .
tr	NNS	But dwarves have little to lose if they take ridiculous risks for a slim chance on a slight reward . "
tr	NN	The turbulence had settled and Amelia let go of my arm .
tr	NN	The magnitude of this find is well beyond anything NASA has ever announced .
tr	NN	The leader slipped in , softly closing and locking it behind him .
tr	NNS	Words were already forming in his mind .
tr	NNS	And so her cousins came and took her and so she went away , and you knew nothing of it . "
tr	NN	The teacher appeared at the front of the room .
tr	NNS	There were tiny , ornate golden scrolls and Florentine patterns surrounding the blue background that created a classic , sophisticated look .
tr	NN	Then there was a crash and several female screams .
tr	NNS	The hills were still several days ride away , and shimmered in the midday sun , seeming to move farther away as they rode toward them .
tr	NN	The redhead glances up from the screen at last .
tr	NNS	The Officials attack first .
tr	NN	The word ' officially ' was disturbing .
tr	NN	The outline of the other hospital bed clearly showed someone occupied it .
tr	NNS	Wooden spikes stuck out of the ground like porcupine quills surrounding the outer perimeter of the prison .
tr	NN	A small dome-shaped mountain surrounded by lush green jungle came into view as the canoe approached the island 's northern shore .
tr	NN	But the downfall of it all was the hurt that would come with the loss of one of them .
tr	NN	To the right is a grove of trees wearing their pale green spring outfits .
tr	NN	In the centre of it , a deeper square of blackness showed .
tr	NNS	" Do all digital cameras do this ?
tr	NN	Love is deceitful and sublime .
tr	NNS	My vision tunnels and I gasp .
tr	NN	" Uh huh , but things happen at the front lines , you know , breakdowns and suchlike , " the captain said vaguely .
tr	NNS	Kris seemed to notice her double-take .
tr	NNS	And the drapes were a soft peach velvet .
tr	NNS	Phillip curses viciously before swinging the car off the road violently enough to knock me back again .
tr	NNS	Things had been getting better with Jason 's mom , but I could feel the wall building between us again .
tr	NNS	Two teachers were helping Beth up from the ground .
tr	NN	And her grandmother hadn 't given up information easily and couldn 't say when Barbara would be back .
tr	NNS	Now the monitors betrayed my moods .
tr	NNS	Twelve petty and five violent . "
tr	NN	This mausoleum didn 't look any different from the other two , except there was a smaller one built close to the fence separating the two structures .
tr	NNS	Their stomachs were various sizes , and he couldn 't help but wonder what Lissa would look like in the months to come .
tr	NNS	Things hadn 't worked that way , not for him .
tr	NN	A flutter of movement caught his attention .
tr	NNS	Her name fit her , but Torr was sure that her naturally swift , graceful movements were not the product of long hours of dance class .
tr	NN	Though the dock and the asphalt were used almost the same amount the dock always felt greater .
tr	NN	His pulse felt high .
tr	NN	The combined appeal to his prurient interest and his scientific curiosity is too much to endure .
tr	NNS	Things should be almost the same as I left them . "
tr	NNS	The twins looked at her .
tr	NN	The duke 's castle was a great gray lump , rising up on a hill beyond the far side of the square .
tr	NN	Death when it comes will be quick . "
tr	NN	She was sitting , her combat trousers down past her knees .
tr	NN	The damn bitch would not shut her goddamned mouth . "
tr	NN	The doorknob began to turn .
tr	NNS	When his blood reached her stomach , the fireworks began , little sparks dancing everywhere , even in her veins .
tr	NNS	How did the Others do laundry ?
tr	NN	In so quiet a manner is a new emotion born .
tr	NNS	Cars and buses passed at a dizzying pace .
tr	NNS	Newer movies meant lots of violence , and sometimes even ... boobies !
tr	NNS	His whispers in my ear drawing me out of my introspection and despite the mask , his features appear stunned .
tr	NNS	The young ladies , they find him handsome . "
tr	NN	A tremor coursed through her and she had to re mind herself that lusting after the man was not conducive to getting her life back under control .
tr	NN	A roar of outrage ignited other angry voices churning in the water .
tr	NNS	Her nostrils flared nostrils .
tr	NNS	" The eggs are white . "
tr	NN	Only there was no divorce for them .
tr	NN	Even the most powerful glamour has the tendency to unravel if surrounded by steel and iron .
tr	NN	My grandmother will rise again , and when she does , then it will be enough .
tr	NN	" How is your golf , Señor Sanchez ?
tr	NN	CHAPTER SIXTEEN Sidney Clare 's studio was downtown New York .
tr	NNS	The figures in the puzzle picture seemed truly animated and they seemed to be enjoying what they were doing .
tr	NNS	My eyelids are like blinds on broken rollers .
tr	NNS	The winds had cleansed him of the dried blood that had clung to his face and shoulder-length hair .
tr	NNS	NSA , in turn , contacts DeWitt and alerts the other agencies .
tr	NNS	Primitive instincts kicked in .
tr	NN	A few more kicks and I would be free .
tr	NN	A sob escaped her lips .
tr	NNS	Thankfully , the freaks have carried Jase 's -- I still find it hard not to think of him as Jase -- grisly costume away .
tr	NN	Charging between decimated homes , Link makes his way past the steady trickle of tumbling pebbles and into the graveyard .
tr	NNS	" There were a few tests that they performed that confirmed in their minds that I was a witch . "
tr	NNS	Her eyelids felt raw from lack of sleep and crying , and she felt empty .
tr	NN	There was a military ban on alcohol for much of the time I 'd spent in Afghanistan , but it happened anyway .
tr	NN	The cramp in her side nearly doubled her over .
tr	NNS	Rufus leaned back in his leather chair , satisfaction smoothing out the anger .
tr	NNS	If our men are capable of the things they 're doing , the species shouldn 't survive . "
tr	NNS	The horns look slightly different , and the ears are smaller . "
tr	NN	Apparently her twin had come to terms with who and what the Costas family was .
tr	NNS	The currents shifted under the boat , dragging the craft strongly to port .
tr	NNS	The chains vibrated heavily .
tr	NN	Their key player , though , was not an American .
tr	NNS	The critters scattered and started to look around .
tr	NNS	There were books , movies , court fights .
tr	NNS	The nurses at the nurse 's station look at me in alarm but I don 't stop , even when they call for me to .
tr	NNS	" Most actors have so many auditions they show up without a clue , anyway .
tr	NN	A red Jeep wheeled wildly through the parking lot of the complex , shearing the bumpers of three vehicles before plowing into a Ford truck .
tr	NNS	Sadness poured from him .
tr	NNS	" Lissa , the authorities don 't have any leads .
tr	NN	His lust for gold had overcome what little remained of his sanity , eroded as it was by years of constant drink .
tr	NNS	Things like that really annoy me .
tr	NN	An immense cackle rolled down the street .
tr	NNS	Small minds , unable to envision a vast network of nationalists that spread across the globe , united in a desire to free Ireland at any cost .
tr	NN	The other knight turned to face him again , calling him out as he panted from his run .
tr	NNS	The two nuns left the Church after their convent went into receivership and photographs of them sleeping in the nude mysteriously appeared on the Internet .
tr	NN	The scales tip , the wheel must turn , and the balance of power must shift from time to time .
tr	NNS	But these particular consequences seemed the least of my worries .
tr	NNS	The spikes of crystal around her had edges like swords .
tr	NNS	Reyes exchanged a glance with Lucien .
tr	NN	A pack relationship was something rarely seen these days , there was honor , trust , loyalty , a respect that was almost unfathomable .
tr	NNS	" Things in my life have changed .
tr	NNS	Ice-cream sales would decrease in winter , but she hoped the pizza part of the business would continue to flourish .
tr	NN	There was that appeal for information .
tr	NNS	Their expressions said my idea of courteous didn 't match theirs .
tr	NNS	His puny efforts at population control only operated in a puny area , and would have little effect in the whole environmental setting .
tr	NN	The stimulation provided by the walk through the Mist always set the stage for Marcie showing up later .
tr	NN	The elliptical beeped to let me know I was at the two minute mark .
tr	NNS	His last statements , he called them .
tr	NN	Tommy 's brash London accent sounded so alien after a weekend spent with the higher echelons of society .
tr	NN	By now , Violet 's pulse was raging faster and hotter than a nuclear warhead .
tr	NN	There was no astonishment in his face .
tr	NN	The thick liquid gushed out and into my cup .
tr	NNS	The unfinished sentences before he asked it didn 't exactly make it any clearer , either .
tr	NNS	" No buts , Ivan , my word is final .
tr	NN	" The panel with a lock on it : Is that the door to get in ? "
tr	NNS	Others who were bored with a particular century went to ground until it was over .
tr	NNS	The drugs they injected into your system would have killed you shortly after you arrived here . "
tr	NNS	Makes good service-oriented minds , but the individuals end up a bit slow and ... lacking .
tr	NNS	As one , the recruits turned and started scrambling up the net .
tr	NN	Not even , Song forbid it , should you meet the Emperor . "
tr	NNS	The colors blended well , and the bright red tablecloth enhanced the less colorful streamers .
tr	NN	The sergeant quickly smashes his fist into the glass panel that is imbedded in column next to the vault door .
tr	NN	But Chance pushed , asking , " The man you ... what ? "
tr	NNS	There were no signs of any human activity .
tr	NNS	My instincts feel better about that than letting them have us . "
tr	NNS	Simultaneously , Benson 's pupils dilated .
tr	NN	" Just fucking shoot me , if you want .
tr	NNS	" So the servants took it on themselves to take care of me . "
tr	NNS	There were two separate weapon racks , one it seemed for spears and the other for swords .
tr	NNS	" Let me see you , " Monroe whispers , his hand sliding along the waist of her black coat , drawing her closer .
tr	NNS	The rollers were coasting to a stop .
tr	NNS	Agents use untraceable email accounts once .
tr	NNS	All signs pointed to her jumping from the chair and rushing out his door .
tr	NNS	There were many ads in it and she began to read them .
tr	NNS	- Light footsteps behind him caused Mike to leap to his feet , mace in hand .
tr	NNS	Then I remembered mom would be eighty-one soon and heard her words in my head , " Olivia , e-mails are cold .
tr	NN	The Maya had invented chocolate drinks .
tr	NNS	The ages he said seemed off to me .
tr	NNS	The usual suspects pour from the gates .
tr	NNS	Girls that know , they know just how to tease .
tr	NN	" The Book is probably just bait to him .
tr	NNS	The complete emptiness saw a small light begin to shine .
tr	NN	" Stockton , your vocabulary and ideas increase in leaps and bounds .
tr	NNS	The three hundred tickets sold quickly .
tr	NNS	Shimmering blues and pinks slid in a slow dance around plumes of lavender and darker purples .
tr	NN	The video disappeared , but my dread didn 't .
tr	NNS	" Anyway , no worries on my end , " Jonah concluded .
tr	NNS	Lights pulse for all three of them . "
tr	NN	Just as the last word hit my lips , the captain opened the door to the ballroom .
tr	NNS	Sadness crept into her voice .
tr	NN	When he drove out again , the gauge still showed half full .
tr	NNS	But the nurses quickly evaluated me .
tr	NNS	As they neared , the approaching footsteps slipped out of time with the clock and the heavy flat-footed stride of its owner drowned out the timepiece .
tr	NNS	Once I 'd gotten past my initial rage , my homicidal instincts had cooled .
tr	NN	The map had several blue and red lines on it , each one marking a trail that was in this part of the mountains .
tr	NNS	Others came in as she ate and stomped their feet of snow .
tr	NN	The absolute conviction in his words took her back for a second or two .
tr	NNS	Looks like he 's gon na be with us for a little while .
tr	NNS	Now the suns seemed intent upon delving into each and every small crevice , blasting every living thing , until even the shadows were destroyed .
tr	NN	The catalogue fell into the right hands ... just about five minutes before it fell into the wrong hands .
tr	NN	After a while , there wasn 't a weed left or bark on the trees .
tr	NNS	Marius shook his head .
tr	NN	What species would benefit her most ?
tr	NNS	Hendricks went last , shutting the door behind him .
tr	NN	Giving him my virginity was stupid .
tr	NNS	The colors glossed and glazed into something bold and bright .
tr	NN	The bullet passed through the flesh of my arm , that 's all . "
tr	NN	With no interest in learning battle techniques right now , Link immediately turns to leave .
tr	NNS	Delores thought it would be a great idea for her and Kate to share the two bedroom suite for the night .
tr	NN	My exploration of his body had left me aching for him .
tr	NNS	Slowly , their tongues explored and mated while at the same time he dug his fingers into her thick silky hair .
tr	NN	" Hum , " the Regal Copper said .
tr	NNS	The apples of his cheeks liven with color .
tr	NN	" Right , some barbarian just ripped it from my cold body . "
tr	NN	I 'm on swim team , play basketball , softball , volleyball , and tennis , anything I can .
tr	NNS	The creatures were all around .
tr	NN	The terminal clicked for a second as it processed a reply .
tr	NN	More proof why I got selected to come down here .
tr	NN	Step dismounted , tied his horse to the porch then held , uncertainty scrawled over him .
tr	NN	The porter never dropped his smile while he recited the hotel 's negative policy regarding pets on the loose .
tr	NNS	Looks like I wasn 't wrong .
tr	NNS	Before I could even react , two more wolves followed , lined up in a V , like geese flying south .
tr	NN	A head injury like that could be fatal . "
tr	NNS	There are separate bathroom facilities at the end of the marble hallway .
tr	NNS	" But the creatures you showed me in the lab look so different from the common life forms on Lovelady .
tr	NN	" There is a princess out there waiting for you , gallant knight . "
tr	NN	The aural eruption was enough to alert Steve and Harvey to what they had done .
tr	NNS	He chuckles , chills run down my body .
tr	NNS	The cameras attached to his optic nerves ceased to function , suddenly . "
tr	NNS	The cellar wasn 't like a dungeon with dripping water , barred gates and thick , stone walls .
tr	NN	Her staunch , unforgiving posture slumped as she started to give in .
tr	NNS	Several computer screens were integrated within the ship 's walls , each of them seeming a bit milky as bright led light flashed across in vivid coloring .
tr	NNS	The images hit me the second my fingers touched the red cover .
tr	NNS	Elias rounded on her .
tr	NN	The dwarf hurried in .
tr	NN	All that mattered were the terms .
tr	NN	Derek 's loud bark of laughter erupts from the backseat .
tr	NN	" What 's the damage ? "
tr	NNS	Words weren 't necessary .
tr	NN	Just like Aly knew all along .
tr	NNS	Metal rods secured the cuffs , disappearing into the concrete .
tr	NN	The huge tentacle picked up the smaller version , and lifted it to the ceiling .
tr	NN	" And then our life raft deflated . "
tr	NN	His final dart missed the center circle by a finger width .
tr	NN	The flinch really makes me feel good .
tr	NN	The writing is illegible .
tr	NNS	Things she 'd always wanted to know .
tr	NNS	The strings howled as he gripped the guitar 's neck and flung it into the darkness .
tr	NN	The newcomer was a powerful African-American man .
tr	NNS	His belt buckle and pants soon followed .
tr	NNS	The servants nervously watched him come closer and it seemed as if the fire of the torches dimmed as he passed by .
tr	NN	" So why was a federal special agent mucking out my stables ? "
tr	NN	The excellent writing in this fantastic novel pulls you in and makes you care deeply about the characters you meet and come to know .
tr	NN	' I wish I had a knife , ' Megan absently mumbled .
tr	NNS	Our tongues twisted so fiercely together , so deeply into the each other 's mouths , I had trouble knowing where one stopped and the other began .
tr	NNS	Valerius rose to his feet , raising a hand .
tr	NNS	Now images of her murder came flashing into his mind .
tr	NN	And then there was another tip .
tr	NNS	After a moment , the movements felt absolutely natural and fun .
tr	NNS	Romulus pointed to an overhanging tree .
tr	NNS	Others were on their way .
tr	NN	The most applicable precedent is Wilson , and that case took three and a half years .
tr	NN	And each discovery we make about him makes him more vulnerable .
tr	NN	There was an H in thick black felt tip on one , an E on the other .
tr	NN	The subtle but accurate adaptable subconscious with us figuring out things faster than a computer about situations and people is just part of it . "
tr	NN	There was science and mathematics to the work , a precision .
tr	NN	Anger and frustration swirled around him , filling his lungs , rising to his throat .
tr	NNS	The twins faded into the background a bit .
tr	NN	A large log lay beside the fire ring .
tr	NNS	Rawlings lifted a brow .
tr	NNS	There are no curses .
tr	NN	Personal injury was one thing , but an invasion of his principality was quite another .
tr	NN	A fresh blush crept up the back of my neck and into my scalp .
tr	NNS	" More flashlights , " Nell reminded .
tr	NNS	There were no murmurs to be quieted - everyone was tired , though only the Cane didn 't look it .
tr	NN	My partner , Mike , tried a dozen police cars last night and all were useless .
tr	NN	On its own , her art was beautiful , but she wouldn 't stop insisting that it was static .
tr	NN	Why he didn 't mention the wolves at their door , no pun intended . "
tr	NNS	Things happen there that are too hideous to describe . "
tr	NN	Her normal pager was in her office , as she was off duty .
tr	NN	Their precision and efficiency in their experiments is remarkable .
tr	NN	A gruff , young 's man 's voice cuts through the blustery wind .
tr	NNS	" If we separate , chances are better that at least one of us will get away and can get help .
tr	NN	The wet square was a joke .
tr	NNS	Words didn 't seem to cover it .
tr	NN	Before I knew it , dusk had overtaken Main Street .
tr	NN	I don , t have any work . "
tr	NN	There 's a low range of hills a league or so farther on where we can take shelter until night . "
tr	NNS	In the few minutes it took to arrive , all signs of light had almost disappeared .
tr	NNS	Things that affected how I treated you , and how I treated myself .
tr	NN	The guilt would kill her .
tr	NN	The agent said , " I know it 's insane .
tr	NN	The agent says calmly , " Let 's go . "
tr	NNS	" And who were the fathers of these children ? "
tr	NN	There was a small kerosene lamp resembling a jug ; it set off low sparks .
tr	NN	Part of him sounded a bit surprised .
tr	NNS	His actions spoke loudly about the only thing on his mind .
tr	NNS	Others took up the song and it rolled loud and high over the lake .
tr	NN	Both Jase and I said .
tr	NNS	Reyes gave his dagger a final toss , end over end , and the tip embedded just above Maddox 's shoulder .
tr	NNS	" Where are the servants ?
tr	NN	The dragon points to my family 's bloodline , one of the Seven .
tr	NN	His cord wiggles out of control , taking him with it , as they both crash to the ground .
tr	NN	" Why does being bound upset you so ?
tr	NN	The hesitation almost cost me my life .
tr	NN	The supervisor was worried .
tr	NNS	" Dogs , " she said seriously .
tr	NN	Her ball gown was shredded and completely stained with blood as was her face .
tr	NNS	Six drill sergeants were there , roaming from recruit to recruit , checking posture and uniforms .
tr	NNS	There was nothing there but him and the alley cats .
tr	NN	Finally , her warrior pulled the bow around his body to lie diagonally across his back .
tr	NNS	The members of the circle broke formation and moved away .
tr	NN	" We 'd appreciate it , " the investigator said .
tr	NNS	All the regrets and sadness I held in my heart kept it from being summoned out of me .
tr	NNS	After all , rats didn 't live very long in any case , even if they had wobbly noses - They are close , CAT .
tr	NNS	The white dolphins merely swayed on its shoulders , gliding over the spongy reef , truly going with the flow .
tr	NNS	Thomas had to admit , the servants had done a convincing job , but could he really pull this off ?
tr	NN	Had loyalty to Steve pushed her into casting Jake Carter as some kind of devil 's advocate who could shake the foundations of a life she valued ?
tr	NN	Your partner contacted us on your behalf . "
tr	NN	A master would , after keeping the conch safe through his days , hand it down to his student .
tr	NNS	Marius reached back and tried the handle -- locked .
tr	NNS	The wolves stopped , their spines stiffening , their hair standing on end .
tr	NN	Their fur burst into flames , and they screamed , leaping back into their own numbers .
tr	NN	Their medical presentation is not natural . "
tr	NN	A vintage Mustang convertible rumbled toward them , but not the beloved kind of vehicle kept in pristine condition and housed in a garage .
tr	NNS	Alexis walked back to the clerk .
tr	NNS	Bugs shook his head , trying to knock away his surprise at being so abruptly corrected by a man who was hoping to land a job .
tr	NNS	Others had not been so fortunate .
tr	NNS	Yet a few drinks that night to dull the pain seemed the right play to make .
tr	NN	But the clothing had been decaying and out in the woods for many , many years .
tr	NNS	The two warriors with the lamps led the party along the cave , turning a corner not so far up and leading them to two chariots waiting .
tr	NNS	No point in trying to paint so late in the afternoon , the colours are all wrong as the sun descends .
tr	NN	The slave backed out of the cage with quick steps .
tr	NN	Seth was notoriously awful at offering opinions , and he 'd seemed particularly non-committal about this wedding stuff , no pun intended .
tr	NNS	Huge paws replaced little ones .
tr	NNS	There are holographic screens above the pretty good sized pool of water .
tr	NNS	Her actions belied the emotional tumult that he so effortlessly engendered in her .
tr	NN	" A robbery , you say ?
tr	NN	The roar of laughter that erupted from Mortimer shook the glass in the balcony doors .
tr	NN	Work for film people was scarce in those days and Stoney Winston just barely scraped by .
tr	NN	A maw had opened through the center of the ruined building and the light flickered up from it , unholy and terrifying .
tr	NNS	Even the minions , copying the bodyguard , knelt to her .
tr	NNS	" Tim and Twitch , " Bugs answered .
tr	NN	Loose dollar bills when I knew he 'd been drinking .
tr	NN	The Facebook page loaded , and Emma gasped .
tr	NNS	Things would change sometimes that is altogether the right coincidence but not always how he wished . "
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared and he would have chastised her for speaking to the king and his brother thusly , but something in her gaze held him back .
tr	NNS	Valerius was far too polished to show any reaction to the laughter .
tr	NN	The glint of the star reflected off the silver nose of the shuttle .
tr	NNS	The strips adhered to the walls and ceiling , clutching the cat like the wrappings of a mummy .
tr	NN	The Queen 's ritual had begun and he had to do his duty as head of security for the castle .
tr	NN	The bearded hunter turned his focus to the wall .
tr	NN	After a moment , the leader of the brotherhood made a hand gesture , and the monk stopped talking immediately , and stepped back .
tr	NNS	The other goblins crowded around him , their dusky skin paling from fright .
tr	NNS	Looks to be passing about 2,400 yards off our stern .
tr	NN	Our seating arrangement presented a fierce showing of where we stood in Pack .
tr	NN	The matching vanity and wardrobe were on the windowed wall to the left of it .
tr	NNS	The movements of his men were in slow motion .
tr	NNS	There were nurses and doctors hovering over me , speaking in foreign medical terms .
tr	NN	An aura of gold lay casted on the city , giving the day 's last few moments of shine before taking its leave .
tr	NN	His being gay didn 't have anything to do with his death . "
tr	NN	Death or tragedy is something we can attach to .
tr	NNS	But there were also those two breaks in the fence where someone could sneak in .
tr	NN	The cramping isn 't nearly so bad . "
tr	NN	The large canine was sitting at his feet , waiting expectantly .
tr	NNS	Others grew at a great pace only to shrink to practically nothing within seconds , while some built steadily .
tr	NN	A pleased gleam flashed in them then he winked at me .
tr	NNS	The colors were so vivid , the detail so violent .
tr	NNS	And suddenly two human figures stood before him on the opposite side of the lake .
tr	NN	Then ... a click , a low , long groan , and the brick wall parted .
tr	NNS	The footsteps weren 't heavy anymore .
tr	NNS	Things that would haunt her for the rest of her life .
tr	NN	My boot scrapes the floor and it raises its head , staring at me with pale eyes .
tr	NN	There was determination and anger in the tumult .
tr	NNS	Witches are dangerous to us .
tr	NNS	Thoughts for I have such a boyfriend who takes care of me !
tr	NN	The restaurant valet pulled open the door for me .
tr	NN	But the tribe was small , and the harbor was rich in fish .
tr	NNS	Screams came from every direction , from young and old , male and female .
tr	NN	And a fat golden book .
tr	NN	My grandma was no longer with us and yet her home felt as though she still lived there .
tr	NN	As Simon Bolivar threw out the Spanish , each country adopted , almost word-for-word , our Constitution as their own , " Paul said .
tr	NNS	Others charged , too .
tr	NN	Same valuable debt 's ?
tr	NNS	5 Nicolas sat planted as a seed or sapling .
tr	NNS	Then suddenly goblins came running up yelling .
tr	NN	She was out and running toward the lighthouse , her progress hindered when she reached the dryer sand .
tr	NN	There was a rustle and then Stephan said , " I had to get something to pry it with , but I opened it .
tr	NN	Seldom was there a rebel or a visionary , until the human blood became mixed with ours .
tr	NN	The announcement was still coming , but no one leaving would be interested in it or even know it was on its way .
tr	NNS	But there are always strings attached .
tr	NN	All my sperm are champions . "
tr	NNS	All your protocols are still active . "
tr	NNS	These days , her work associates filled that role .
tr	NN	The master inspected him thoughtfully .
tr	NN	There was so much raw lust in his gaze .
tr	NNS	Two wet suits spilled out of an open box .
tr	NNS	The two captains moved cautiously through .
tr	NNS	Others didn 't mind sharing .
tr	NN	This senator could lead me to him . "
tr	NNS	Things have gotten so ... complicated . "
tr	NNS	Thin trails of smoke started to rise from the seat of the armchair , and Dennis felt a moment of concern .
tr	NNS	Around him , the signs of a changing government were already evident .
tr	NN	" And remember , " Alexander finished , " the death stroke must be mine . "
tr	NN	Row after row of beaming crafts sat in perfect lines .
tr	NNS	Some professors called the trance a state of higher consciousness , but when I was younger my father used to call it going into a daze .
tr	NNS	Delicately painted screens separated sections of the room .
tr	NNS	The elves , who apparently never slept , played softly on lutes and harps as the dwarves began to fall asleep .
tr	NN	This latest development seemed especially smart .
tr	NNS	In this case , their actions were not having equal and opposite reactions .
tr	NN	His h * ps lifted , pressing his length against the vee of my sex .
tr	NN	The pain cocktail knocks me out but it 's not the same as a good night 's sleep . "
tr	NNS	" The wolves took their fill .
tr	NNS	Eat your heart out , her actions said .
tr	NN	The captain spread his hands .
tr	NN	The slide was something Katie had always wanted to try out .
tr	NNS	Two pairs of blue eyes turned to Hart , one dark blue , Eleanor 's cornflower .
tr	NN	" They 're actually headed back out at first sunlight , " the mayor said .
tr	NNS	Six jumps away from me like she 's been scalded .
tr	NN	Now that the perforated door was open , his conviction wavered .
tr	NN	The hound in me stirred .
tr	NN	the teacher asked , gripping the cabinet as if expecting another blast .
tr	NNS	The villagers came around and talked about what happened , murmured among themselves .
tr	NN	" My escort , " Rachel whispered back .
tr	NNS	Moses just listened , bug-eyed .
tr	NN	The ever present guilt reared its ugly head .
tr	NNS	Looks like the same design as the ordnance that took down your jet yesterday , the work of Mitchell Waldorf . "
tr	NN	The division is purely on lines of wealth ; the Hutu being the peasant farmers , the Tutsi the dominant land owners . "
tr	NNS	Gray areas in his business or his personal life were quite simply nonexistent .
tr	NNS	All at once , the villagers started talking amongst themselves .
tr	NN	The chef 's helper added that , as he was leaving , the intruder began turning on all the gas appliances .
tr	NN	See you around , " I said and quickly left , hearing the swish , swish resume as I gently closed the door behind me .
tr	NNS	There are thousands of homeless people in New York .
tr	NN	A thin shield of blame flames covered the opening , preventing the deadly external environment from entering the Sanctuary .
tr	NNS	" These wolves will make my career . "
tr	NNS	Abruptly , the strains of " Serenade in G Minor " stopped .
tr	NNS	Romulus narrowed his eyes .
tr	NN	Thick , brown leather couches and pub chairs .
tr	NN	Part of me thinks I deserve to be .
tr	NNS	The mech wolves gave no sign that they had detected anything , so Winston initiated a dual conversation .
tr	NNS	Then the invaders arrived and could not be stopped .
tr	NNS	Such ideas as are mixed straight away with all the other elements of life are powerful along with 'em .
tr	NNS	Looks like I finally got her attention .
tr	NNS	" What are my chances ? "
tr	NN	The captain turned to Sandra and Thomas .
tr	NNS	" Others have been covering your case load since you 've been out of commission .
tr	NN	My torso slipped beneath the stone and my arms followed .
tr	NN	The Master entered the room , flanked by several other Warlords .
tr	NNS	Five more members of the King 's Guard walk by .
tr	NN	The addition of whiskers brought the cat 's appearance to life .
tr	NNS	Class differences had vanished .
tr	NN	" There 's no lore after 1956 .
tr	NNS	The dowager duchess seemed to be waiting for him , an odd smile on her lips .
tr	NNS	Bugs chugged the last remnants of his mug while Timmy gathered up his papers .
tr	NNS	Marius pulled off his left glove and stuck his hand on the keypad .
tr	NN	The redhead took a step back , my body involuntarily braced and Jordan 's gaze swung to Lucien .
tr	NN	Nathan 's hatred for the fallen was nearly an obsession .
tr	NN	My instinct is to try and move myself in the opposite direction to which I was being dragged , before it is resumed .
tr	NNS	Kris had gone out to shop vegetables and onions and tomatoes and the like when I arrived home .
tr	NN	The undead mass shuffled closer , then one by one began to rush toward the group .
tr	NNS	And once you do , all your fellow traders will follow too . "
tr	NN	' The Master put this in your hands , Pol , so you 're the one who 's running things this time .
tr	NN	There 's a soft click when it reaches the end of its track .
tr	NN	The airport looked ghostly and abandoned but intact .
tr	NNS	When these businesses went , most recently British American Tobacco , these industrial areas became empty and desolate .
tr	NN	His career also meant he was gone a lot , so he didn 't have to be constantly reminded ... ? .
tr	NN	The steam quit coming .
tr	NNS	Grabbing a water from the outside desk , as the Board members disburse they eye me and turn .
tr	NN	The past freaking terrified her .
tr	NN	The damage to my car wasn 't as bad so I was given a rental until it 's repaired .
tr	NN	Ten when the museum is open .
tr	NNS	" I 've missed you , princess , " Cameron whispers against my ear then nibbles on my earlobe .
tr	NN	Then that familiar veil dropped over Maximus 's eyes , and my politely formal bodyguard was back .
tr	NN	The confirmation from their own minds before the execution was only a formality .
tr	NN	" The limping gave you away . "
tr	NN	There 's a connecting cable from a socket in the wall . "
tr	NN	As they reach the elevator , the security agent guarding it grips his weapon a little tighter .
tr	NN	The same dread that washed over Nick in the hospital came over him again .
tr	NN	The DVD he 'd handed to her lay on the ground , and she stooped to pick it up .
tr	NN	" Any cute boys ? "
tr	NN	And then , and then , even gin wouldn 't do it .
tr	NNS	" Well the masks don 't help either .
tr	NNS	Cars drove by , people on their way home after a long , normal day at work .
tr	NNS	It seems to me bees would be a useful thing on a dairy farm .
tr	NNS	" The man downstairs done said that the Simi can 't charge nothing else until I 'm not over my limit no more .
tr	NN	But hey : that 's why I run my games , keep my nose clean . "
tr	NN	In the middle was a geometric design , maybe the Star of David or the Legs of Man .
tr	NNS	There were no free seats .
tr	NN	His fondness for women was legendary : if this one dressed more like one of his soldiers than the girls he chased , he readily discounted that .
tr	NNS	The servants filed out of the room , leaving only Lora and Myra .
tr	NNS	Several images of the past flashed before me , Greg at school , the crying girl in the toilet who we never saw again .
tr	NN	The physical therapist still moved his legs manually .
tr	NNS	Why would the rats allow this ? "
tr	NN	The camp was destroyed : tents crushed and torn , supply tarp pulled away , equipment scattered in the mud .
tr	NNS	Things got out of hand . '
tr	NN	Vane 's mate was in the living room , standing by the couch where their son was napping .
tr	NN	Reality hit Morgan squarely in the gut as she climbed into Tara 's Subaru .
tr	NNS	The immortals she knew of were evil , but were not specifically sent by him .
tr	NNS	His movements became frantic as his need for her couldn 't get any greater .
tr	NN	His goal was to fertilize it , but not with spermatozoa as the Maker intended .
tr	NN	The mayor felt his approach and twitched , thinking his end had come .
tr	NNS	' So , no signs of him falling apart ? '
tr	NNS	There weren 't digital effects to render .
tr	NNS	His thumbs rubbed across her nipples , making them tighten .
tr	NNS	" Noah said when he asked you to take him school shopping , your suggestions were terrible .
tr	NN	The troll reaches down for me , but its large hand never makes it .
tr	NN	The chaplain stepped into the room .
tr	NNS	Loud gun shots rang , ear piercing .
tr	NN	The snake doesn 't move .
tr	NNS	Others held breath ; only the chopping sound of vegetables filled the air .
tr	NN	The prey and another man rush past him , blind to him .
tr	NNS	Like all higher primates , gorillas were social animals .
tr	NN	A sob escaped her .
tr	NN	The sergeant looked slightly chagrined .
tr	NN	He 's still out there , " the supervisor asked .
tr	NNS	" Our chances look really bad .
tr	NNS	For now the coming letters would have to be carved with his left , and his left hand knew nothing of the alphabet .
tr	NN	This operation had required the use of both hands to control the cord .
tr	NN	An announcement came over the intercom .
tr	NNS	Monster Maya is Werewolf Maya .
tr	NNS	Things had to be done .
tr	NNS	Delores asked , finishing her ham and cheese .
tr	NNS	As always , their inhibitions fled beneath the covers , but this time their union meant so much more .
tr	NN	A loud crash and tearing sound filled her ears and she gave a start when Hiro suddenly turned and ran .
tr	NNS	But the lasting legends and stories and myths keep these humans wondering .
tr	NN	The dragon flew out of the opening .
tr	NN	Now , that design paid off .
tr	NNS	Only the servants of Fair Lady are truly proficient in that language .
tr	NN	The roar of the train would cover the muffled boom .
tr	NNS	" Our backpacks are basically useless now because of the fire damage .
tr	NNS	Like all my troubles , all my worries , just faded away under the warm security of his touch .
tr	NNS	The seats were wide and comfortable and nobody was crowded .
tr	NN	The museum 's air-conditioning did not extend here .
tr	NN	His briefcase lay open on the table with the lid propped up and his right hand hidden behind the top of the case .
tr	NN	Her clothing was expensive , but not flamboyant and the skirt hugged the finest set of legs I 've seen in a long time .
tr	NNS	All around us the jagged peaks of the Rockies were potentially hiding places for terrorists .
tr	NNS	The grandparents split off between either side of Timothy , slamming productively into the first few wolves , denting their scooters and some wolf skulls .
tr	NNS	When they were disbanded by King Phillip IV due to alleged heresy , tortured members gave up the information that they worshiped a bearded head .
tr	NNS	The drums took the live room .
tr	NNS	As he spooned me , his fingernails drifted down my side , ending up at my hip .
tr	NN	There was a brief hesitation , and then Beth stepped through quickly : " Ladies first . "
tr	NN	The old bastard had me trapped in my own foolish lie .
tr	NNS	" How are the twins ? "
tr	NN	Her maid , Anna , answered , her hands reddened with cold .
tr	NN	At that moment , a neon yellow eel jumped out of the water and snatched an owl that was flying low in the sky above it .
tr	NNS	Looks like it 's sunk into the ground . "
tr	NNS	The two ladies looked at each other and then at the gentlemen .
tr	NNS	His cheekbones were sharp outcrops on his face ; his hair was long , his beard overgrown .
tr	NNS	Lights flashed behind Grace 's eyes , but she still gave the fight everything she had , biting , kicking and slugging for all she was worth .
tr	NN	The airport was relatively quiet at this time of the morning as he sat back and gazed out the windows .
tr	NN	The old slide sat next to the peeling monkey bars , bent and unremarkable .
tr	NN	The small , thin transparent plastic chip he always placed on top of the door when they left fell exactly where it should have .
tr	NN	Unexpected adrenaline flowed through her system .
tr	NNS	Looks like his appetite has returned , if his tray was anything to judge by . "
tr	NN	Love moved a fraction closer .
tr	NN	The warm cushion of his arm under her head felt like the best pillow in the world .
tr	NN	Once within their realm your grandmother will be just fine . "
tr	NNS	If you walk away from this grant , chances are you won 't find another position anytime soon .
tr	NN	What progress have your people made ? "
tr	NNS	Only a few floors to go .
tr	NNS	Others , like Duncan , thought I was on the verge of making a huge mistake , but none of them would intervene .
tr	NNS	12 ONCE EACH SEPTEMBER , the teachers had a training day , and we got the day off .
tr	NNS	The screens scrolled too fast to follow , the images flickering .
tr	NNS	Things that could tear him from me .
tr	NN	The stylist made a few unnecessary adjustments to her hair as she slid her feet into a pair of Italian sandals .
tr	NNS	Marius walked behind them and had been slowing down over time .
tr	NN	A long blue carpet edged in silver led across the polished stone floor toward the dais , where the regent sat upon a great ivory chair .
tr	NN	Last year , the fiend impersonating Him sneaked off to gratify an idle whim with some young neophyte .
tr	NNS	Romulus grabbed his shoulder with a very solid hand .
tr	NN	Kelsey stroked Gabby 's hair , her other hand holding Gabby 's tight .
tr	NNS	Hephaestus will watch over him .
tr	NNS	Waves of pleasure tingled down her arm .
tr	NN	Lust surged through her when the tip of her tongue met his .
tr	NNS	The shouts slowly grew more distant behind her .
tr	NNS	The striking planes of his face looked almost eerily beautiful against the backdrop of that endless indigo canvas , the underwater currents gently rustling his hair .
tr	NNS	The figures were closer .
tr	NNS	While it seemed rude to talk about a massacre , travel restrictions were fair game .
tr	NN	" But the sheriff 's department is in Fel 's Church .
tr	NNS	The fallen dwarf 's sunglasses had fallen to the pavement .
tr	NN	Our software wasn 't expecting us to have an engine there .
tr	NN	A plastic doll would show more emotion than his tight , sandblasted features .
tr	NN	A tremor moved through her .
tr	NNS	Myles ran a hand through his hair .
tr	NN	I real y wasn 't sure about that .
tr	NNS	Many beggars scurried about .
tr	NNS	Alexis stared at the note and smiled .
tr	NNS	The symptoms disappear when a person is asleep . "
tr	NNS	Thoughts of her dressing him slid right through that Demerol haze .
tr	NNS	Her sobs were so loud , so heartbreaking , that he felt a heavy guilt only the man who put her in this position could feel .
tr	NN	At that very moment , a slender wisp of a man in his mid-thirties arrived , dressed in a shiny black tuxedo with even shinier shoes .
tr	NN	Brand new black leather seating welcomed us in the front of the bus , along with a flat screen television against the wall .
tr	NN	The low priest consulted a scrap of paper .
tr	NN	This stop and go technique made for a very slow progress .
tr	NN	" But the theory is there , right ? "
tr	NNS	The footsteps slowed behind him then stopped .
tr	NN	With so many members the chase would not last long and would only serve to increase the appetite of the hunting party .
tr	NN	Not hunger , though the fresh scent of blood made my own fangs spring out .
tr	NNS	The pupils were weirdly rectangle shaped , like some animal that did not belong in the mortal world .
tr	NN	Then a third werewolf comes out of nowhere , nails slicing into the side of the brown werewolf in front of me .
tr	NN	My cable knit sweater would do the trick .
tr	NN	The sheriff and his deputies came in here for lunch not long ago .
tr	NNS	The werewolves moved out of her way .
tr	NNS	Guns are messy , unpredictable , and they make too much noise .
tr	NNS	" The scales are spreading . "
tr	NN	The makeshift rope came flying over the wall , and landed in Felix 's hand .
tr	NNS	Both ladies , their hair back in ponytails , stood in front of the long building with small windows .
tr	NNS	That night , as if I 'd summoned them , the ghosts returned .
tr	NN	There was a stirring in his jeans as he waited for her to reply to a question he no longer remembered asking .
tr	NN	Its goal was to feed , pure and simple .
tr	NNS	Rags to Riches , one news site proclaimed in enormous type , and underneath : Emma Paxton lived in squalor and dreamed of escape .
tr	NNS	These magnificent creatures who belonged to not one of the elements , but to all of them , sent to us to protect us from the invaders .
tr	NNS	" But my attempts were no match for Levi 's persistence .
tr	NN	" But restoration is not possible .
tr	NNS	" Those idiots are simply trying to justify their drug abuse with pagan mumbo-jumbo .
tr	NNS	At least three inches taller than Josh 's six foot one and tipping the scale at over three fifty .
tr	NNS	Lots of Khloe 's questions needed no more than a yes or no .
tr	NNS	Before it can strike , all three werewolves pounce .
tr	NNS	Fresh passengers entered and tired commuters exited .
tr	NN	My lack of sleep over the last few days had caught up with me .
tr	NNS	Waves of nausea swept through her .
tr	NN	There was a gentle melding with each other that had never happened before .
tr	NN	Cross reference vehicle description with accident reports or mechanic shop submissions on or around that day .
tr	NN	The bullet struck the front edge of the passenger 's side door .
tr	NN	When he did , the bike skidded to a stop and he stared between the castle and me with a wild look in his eyes .
tr	NN	The white stag leaped .
tr	NN	The healer looked miserable but didn 't say anything .
tr	NN	" A dragon emissary for a human ? "
tr	NNS	Lucan 's actions impact the entire Breed nation now .
tr	NN	" True , " the author said , " Sorry Jack , but you 've still got nearly 11000 words to go before this is over .
tr	NNS	Souls and demons would be able to leave at will .
tr	NN	Instantly there was a clamor .
tr	NN	" Oh , just the fake press conference for your pretend kidnapping , where I made a very real speech about how I feel . "
tr	NN	A charm , me lord .
tr	NNS	Classes were easy as Chris 's mom had predicted .
tr	NN	Not even a single hanger remained .
tr	NN	" Nothin ' , " Mill said .
tr	NNS	The recollections became little duels of cleverness and improvisation .
tr	NNS	His horns , jutting from holes cut in his interlocking helmet , were about as long as my arm .
tr	NN	After a short break , the lead singer took the microphone and joked around with the audience .
tr	NN	As I got to the house , every bad scenario ran through my head .
tr	NNS	New marble floors shone under the light of a dozen Baccarat crystal chandeliers , a charitable donation by the company for this event .
tr	NNS	The images kept flashing .
tr	NN	" I can have three arrows in the air at the same time , " the fellow shrugged .
tr	NN	The long-suffering forensics squad entered , beckoned by Cartwright .
tr	NNS	From the other side , quick footsteps moved toward the door .
tr	NN	In the story , the teacher on lunchroom duty seems oblivious to the fact that Cassie is being bullied .
tr	NN	Except I am the leader . "
tr	NN	His agility amazed me .
tr	NN	The pale imprint of her fingers nearly circled his wrist .
tr	NNS	My body stiffens , goes cold .
tr	NNS	Because in bed , with Sean , her defenses had a way of imploding .
tr	NNS	Aye , there are ghosts here but there is also a darker evil .
tr	NN	The cold liquid felt good going down my throat .
tr	NN	Probably the sheriff was trying to sound neutral , but Bobo caught a hint of incredulity .
tr	NNS	Hands tied and mouth gagged , it 's the only way she can communicate with me .
tr	NN	The Dwarf nodded in his turn .
tr	NNS	The fleas haven 't invaded it yet . "
tr	NNS	" But , forgive me ; I do not mean to be ungrateful , " Laurence said , " - the mushrooms ?
tr	NNS	There are thousands of us throughout the world . "
tr	NN	Only the faintest tremor suggested that the statement was a question .
tr	NN	Slowly , the hunter peeked his head out and saw a group of villagers nearby gathered next to a small stable .
tr	NNS	The screens began to change .
tr	NN	The seer opened her eyes .
tr	NNS	Things were safe here , at least for now , he thought .
tr	NNS	" Of course , cookies aren 't the only incentive I can offer . "
tr	NN	His partner doubled over , trying to catch his breath .
tr	NN	Then there was his apparent inability to grow fatigued , which was probably the biggest difference of all from real life .
tr	NNS	Words banged into each other as they tried to get out of his mouth . "
tr	NNS	To make matters worse , the remaining five werewolves charged at once .
tr	NNS	Hands reach out towards her ; she begins to run , dodging hands and eager fingers .
tr	NN	" A bit longer , sweetheart , " he groaned around her nipple .
tr	NNS	Immortals were hard to kill , but cutting off their heads usually worked .
tr	NN	The dart took him high on the left shoulder .
tr	NN	My pulse quickened in response , and I was suddenly quite grateful that it was the weekend .
tr	NNS	The goons wrapped their arms around the left and right arms of the clerk .
tr	NNS	" There be degrees of opposite ?
tr	NNS	Three inches of new snow covered the ground and the air felt crisp and cold .
tr	NNS	Animals with fast hearts always lived shorter lives .
tr	NNS	Things went exactly the way she wanted them to go .
tr	NNS	" Invisible mines , " Sky said , realizing what his attack was .
tr	NNS	His instincts had been right .
tr	NNS	Plus , there were no limits here .
tr	NNS	Some vamps could go for days without feeding , no problem .
tr	NNS	Nerves weren 't the only thing haunting me as we stood by the finely carved altar in the ancient grove .
tr	NNS	A stiffness raced through his shoulders with the realization that this would be the first of a string of lies .
tr	NN	the managing partner asked .
tr	NNS	Things are sometimes hard for you , but at least you 're independent and , well , normal .
tr	NN	By some sixth sense the agent moved , as if like lightening .
tr	NNS	Words of apology filled her mouth but refused to be spoken , in case they broke her resolve .
tr	NN	" Your uncle , Bill , was a clever man .
tr	NN	Another trickle , just as continuous , worked inward from the other side , across the accelerating strips and onto the expressway .
tr	NNS	The exchanges made me wonder just how " friendly " the two men were .
tr	NN	The map showed two ridges with a second hut a day 's tramp away .
tr	NN	The painful pinch of fear rose in his stomach , as he began to collect unfriendly glances from the men standing around .
tr	NN	In this case , the model is the one that would cause the problem .
tr	NNS	Not only was her body moving efficiently , but her sense of smell had also become acute , and she could see despite the darkness .
tr	NN	" Who 's attacking ? "
tr	NN	How can an entire tribe not have a single warrior in it ?
tr	NN	The growl from Missy made me want to crawl under the desk .
tr	NN	The passion built inside her to a fever pitch .
tr	NN	The manager 's cottage is plenty big enough for us to raise a family . '
tr	NN	His gran died when he was four and I was stuck in a loop of grief . "
tr	NN	In the dormer a watery visage of Rachel cowered before him .
tr	NNS	The authorities were fairly successful at capturing many of these home-grown terrorist at the beginning .
tr	NNS	Marius stood over him and grabbed the back of his belt .
tr	NN	At the beginning of the swim , the adrenaline of the escape propelled her forward .
tr	NNS	Still , he thought , of all the things that might cause alienation among family members , smarts wasn 't a very bright one .
tr	NN	" Who ... " A red butterfly drifted into his line of sight , then settled onto the bedding that lay twisted in front of him .
tr	NN	The leader smirked , showing off her chipped front tooth .
tr	NN	" Enough , " said their leader .
tr	NN	Seeing Seth , the sheriff bowed his head and said , " How may I serve you father ? "
tr	NN	The suitcase held clothes for both of them .
tr	NNS	The screens flashed red with the excess concentrations of methane and other gases .
tr	NNS	Bugs trilled and birds rustled through the trees .
tr	NNS	The gates squealed , metal on metal , and began to open .
tr	NNS	Young immortals whispered about such things while growing up , wondering what it would be like , and just how good it might be .
tr	NNS	The lady downstairs kept crying out for her daughter , Tessa .
tr	NNS	Spirit users like Adrian are really good at it .
tr	NN	There were sudden yelling and man running toward her ; few bullets zoomed past her .
tr	NN	Her goal was to help the girl understand the concept so she 'd be able to solve algebra problems logically .
tr	NN	But the dragon was busy helping others .
tr	NNS	And then there are these cliffs , and they go down into nothing .
tr	NN	Before the year ends , the crown will be mine , and you shall have your powers and wealth .
tr	NNS	Magnetic locks released and the heavy door clicked open .
tr	NNS	All three hundred acres , and we give Joshua a thousand bucks a month to run it .
tr	NN	The protruding vortex started to recede , sinking back to its original position on his chest .
tr	NN	The rock slide had stirred grit and sand , and she coughed before she could cry , " Oh , gods , this isn 't happening . "
tr	NN	A rug sat in the middle of the room with a group of men sitting on it .
tr	NNS	The warriors had grown increasingly more vocal in their displeasure and more defiant with each day .
tr	NN	Her first instinct was to run , to get out and as far away as she could , but what lay outside the courtyard door was worse .
tr	NN	" A forensic profiler . "
tr	NN	The solicitor adjusted his glasses .
tr	NNS	As she made her way to the only empty chair , four pairs of blue eyes watched her progress with an air of condemnation .
tr	NNS	" What are the chances ? "
tr	NNS	Reyes took Angelica 's hand and shook his head .
tr	NNS	His fingernails dug into my ass as he slammed into me one more final time before erupting his load inside of me .
tr	NN	The Other Side of the Door He was rough .
tr	NNS	Once they had retreated , the footsteps approached rapidly , halting excruciatingly close to the group 's hiding spot .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared and his jaw went tight as if he were fighting to maintain his control and composure .
tr	NN	His deep chuckle sounded in her ear as his teeth nibbled on her ear lobe .
tr	NN	The teacher walked by in astonishment at his work .
tr	NNS	There are also bars attached to the ceiling in some places , but I can 't imagine what those are for .
tr	NNS	Dogs know the scent of fear , don , t they ?
tr	NNS	Fritz whipped the banner erect , the mech wolves snapped their heads back up .
tr	NNS	Things are different now . "
tr	NN	There were books in every category of non-fiction imaginable , all meticulously arranged on rows of bookshelves that lined the center of the room .
tr	NN	A bum in a wool knit cap walked toward the gate of the Square , a half-dozen plastic grocery bags dangling from his arms .
tr	NNS	Cars and trucks passed them headed the opposite direction on I-40 .
tr	NNS	Two shots rang out .
tr	NNS	But even the newspapers had nothing of interest in them as of late .
tr	NNS	" But all your ancestors have left of him is that book .
tr	NN	' Will you reach now for , , the fulfillment of your own curse ?
tr	NN	There was a senior Keeper in residence there .
tr	NNS	Her long blond locks sway as she tips her head back to laugh , my surprise apparently amusing .
tr	NNS	" Witness statements and traces of blood and skin on the talons of the bird lead detectives to believe the suspect has multiple lacerations across his face .
tr	NN	The liquid burned as it went down his throat and seemed to steady his nerves some .
tr	NN	" So about the workout tomorrow .
tr	NN	My grandmother was back from Europe , she was ill , and she wanted to see us .
tr	NN	This email interested me the most .
tr	NN	A twig snapped , and I was on my feet in an instant .
tr	NN	Will this young and inexperienced elf ever find his true calling ?
tr	NN	" Your career isn 't over , Mia . "
tr	NNS	The villagers would be less deferential if they knew of my current position at court -- or rather , lack of one .
tr	NNS	There are also wolf prints near the south tower . "
tr	NNS	Sadness flickered over Adam 's face as he nodded .
tr	NN	Gone was the usual pink tinge from her hair , replaced by an even shade of deep chestnut .
tr	NNS	Byzantine Templars may be bad hosts , but they are decent tenants .
tr	NN	There was a booth inside the lobby of the building .
tr	NN	The angel sounded haggard , giving away the first hint of defeat .
tr	NNS	After breakfast the pilgrims walked into the morning .
tr	NNS	The boards are too long to go across the door . "
tr	NN	That bastard is the reason I 'm rotting away in this damned stone block .
tr	NN	There was a loud crash from the other side .
tr	NN	Her pulse thundered in her ears and her mouth went dry .
tr	NN	The word infection popped up in his mind , then stayed there .
tr	NN	A slim blonde with her hair delicately braided down her face , in an elegant dress of crimson tapestry , moved up to the bar .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , mothers are women , and nobody has found a better bar by which to measure ourselves than our fellow women .
tr	NN	About this living beauty science has little to say .
tr	NNS	All generations of humans live beneath the ocean .
tr	NN	A sculpture studio can be a dangerous place and Richard was not inclined to be cautious .
tr	NNS	In the lobby , several white clad attendants are pushing people in wheelchairs toward a room marked " Christmas Eve Brunch . "
tr	NN	A flat screen television sits on a stylish teak armoire .
tr	NN	" I have to respond , sir , " the pilot said .
tr	NNS	But very rarely , if ever , did he say no to my mother .
tr	NNS	The authorities will assume that I died of natural causes . "
tr	NN	My specialty is stripping wallpaper . "
tr	NN	" Who is that gentleman ? "
tr	NNS	Reyes frowned , pushing the thoughts from his mind .
tr	NN	The government hasn 't paid its people in decades .
tr	NN	Arun the helper turned to Arun , " Do you mean that ? "
tr	NN	The mortal is hiding among you .
tr	NN	The bastard had taken a photograph of me .
tr	NN	The bard chuckled and turned back to retrieve his first dagger .
tr	NNS	Any second the symptoms of the poison will start . "
tr	NN	However , the technique has never failed .
tr	NNS	The currents were moving them slowly southward .
tr	NN	Her slowing pulse accelerated again , however , when she recalled once more her escapade with Schuyler Kimball .
tr	NN	That election remains the smallest margin of victory in all our history .
tr	NN	And there was the damage the propellers below the surface could do .
tr	NN	Two young men with light hair and dark eyes stood side by side , sporting carefree smiles I envied .
tr	NN	There was honesty , and then there was stupidity .
tr	NN	A growl built in his throat .
tr	NNS	The butter cookies on the shelves added a floury , comforting scent , and the lollipops , a riot of fruit scents too concentrated to be real .
tr	NN	Our escort starts to glide back down the slope .
tr	NNS	Once again , unexpected instincts warned him not to reveal what he 'd discovered .
tr	NN	Now , full-fledged dread settled deep in his gut .
tr	NN	The smells of life were everywhere .
tr	NNS	The fans understood it .
tr	NNS	Others had slowly grown ambitious , seeing themselves as demi-gods that might overthrow the Elders and take their place .
tr	NN	Beneath Victor 's polished charm was a dangerous edge that warned he would not leave until he was satisfied .
tr	NNS	The day the sirens sing a victory fanfare for us .
tr	NN	Pink frosting coated his thick , cop mustache .
tr	NN	The knight removed his helm and rested it upon the pommel of his saddle , revealing the glossy black hair that flowed part way down his back .
tr	NNS	To be fair , the images still didn 't look like much to me .
tr	NN	The abuse of steroids ... " Link stopped listening and started wondering if the serious abuse of your son 's privacy would show up in the container .
tr	NNS	Words swam round and round , slicing his mind , slicing his soul .
tr	NN	There was a soft thud and a light tapping at the glass .
tr	NN	A tinge of guilt washed over me .
tr	NN	The acid quickly backed up .
tr	NN	A ruby would be perfect for Janie .
tr	NNS	Your ruthlessness excites me . "
tr	NN	The brazen robbery of building materials from the lobster dock and the lumberyard was heinous enough , and they went there first to take their reports .
tr	NNS	" Not so the countess and myself . "
tr	NN	The lack of sales had not stopped a few desperate homeowners from listing their properties with Spaulding Properties .
tr	NN	My contract was coming to an end , anyway , and I just couldn 't stand stuff anymore .
tr	NN	" Your uncle who specializes in antique furniture here in town ?
tr	NNS	Things were so regimented in re-education that it would take something extraordinary to really throw them off ... and Adrian was the most extraordinary person I knew .
tr	NN	Every unit that enters and is non responsive have multiple units restrain it . "
tr	NN	The captain had a beer and a few laughs with the triumphant warriors before they pushed the shark back into the sea .
tr	NN	The captain stopped and frowned at the vampire .
tr	NN	Cold folk have hunger .
tr	NN	" Sometimes a teenager 's perception is skewed by something they 're experiencing in their lives .
tr	NNS	There were some surprising murmurs of agreement , and some nodding .
tr	NNS	To my right were several rows of seats in a blue and white checkerboard pattern .
tr	NNS	Conan halted suddenly , his warriors freezing into basaltic statues .
tr	NN	" Where 's our defense ? "
tr	NNS	The items in English are long and descriptive .
tr	NNS	Her screaming sobs continued as she rocked back and forth in helpless misery .
tr	NN	Love glanced once more at her photograph reached into his jacket and flipped open his notepad .
tr	NNS	Things didn 't add up .
tr	NN	The magnitude of energy shook his conviction of being in the right .
tr	NNS	Plans for the Estate Tuesday 11th September 1990 Max returned to the family room to find Caroline seated on the floor surrounded by batches and folders .
tr	NN	The gleam in his eyes bespoke retribution .
tr	NNS	Doors opened and closed .
tr	NNS	" What are your ideas ? "
tr	NNS	For every time slot , there were three to four classes being offered .
tr	NNS	The four council members remained , each with two guards .
tr	NNS	Night insects seemed to be in great abundance , stinging bugs that dived and darted .
tr	NN	" But where does the soil come from ? "
tr	NN	The mob seemed a peaceable sort , he determined after a moment , and Lord knew they were common enough nowadays .
tr	NN	Morning came quickly and Dylan still wasn 't in his bed .
tr	NN	My neighbor sells 'em and I have to place an order .
tr	NNS	The dragon towered over the hunters , its jaws could easily snap any of them up .
tr	NN	A whistle in the distance made Asha stop and turn her head .
tr	NN	In the center of this room , there was a pond of water the size of a swimming pool .
tr	NNS	Only their passions stem from the same well .
tr	NN	Love turned his head to look over his shoulder .
tr	NN	The notion of a man who commanded an army struck her as most unusual , but there he stood , not ten paces away .
tr	NNS	In the distance , multiple sirens wailed in response to the fire alarm .
tr	NNS	More wolves than I could count .
tr	NN	Her snort of laughter seemed forced .
tr	NNS	If you let her live , the chances are strong that she 'll change into a beast like Fintan .
tr	NN	With practiced grace he landed on his feet , and he stood tall to confront his enemies , cold determination etched on his face .
tr	NN	The mayor motioned to the audience .
tr	NNS	The cousins soon informed the others about their plan of action .
tr	NN	The description is vague to us sire which makes it hard to find what we are looking for . "
tr	NN	The success of this long-shot mission could well depend on alcohol .
tr	NNS	All the dancers had their share of overzealous fans .
tr	NN	But right now all that mattered was making her his .
tr	NN	The adult gryphon who had grabbed Logan was there , standing next to a series of shallow pools .
tr	NN	The lieutenant gave them their instructions and his team headed into the side of the building .
tr	NNS	The creatures are very long-lived , but they do eventually die of old age .
tr	NNS	Things were moving so fast .
tr	NNS	All of us former members of Real Murders had a favorite or two .
tr	NNS	" Well , ladies , thank you for keeping my date company today .
tr	NNS	The slow footsteps continued .
tr	NNS	As I watched , the first drops of rain splattered across the glass .
tr	NN	The night porter swore blind that he knew nothing about the girl .
tr	NNS	" The gang members were not so stupid as to do anything to Gary in front of witnesses .
tr	NN	' Your uncle is a brave man , Anna .
tr	NN	The chuckle sounded low , pricked over her skin like the legs of a spider .
tr	NNS	Things he wouldn 't have left even if he had a temporary place to stay .
tr	NN	The pulse of truth reverberated in the words .
tr	NN	The chit has gone too far , now !
tr	NN	Before I can answer , the pipe extends into a full-length staff .
tr	NN	A part time pastry chef and a full time food prep worker would begin work on Monday so she was the only one doing any baking .
tr	NNS	Things aren 't sounding good .
tr	NNS	The dock rats went hurriedly back to their tasks .
tr	NN	My belly -- or something lower -- dove when I let myself imagine the dusting of dark blond hair that was sprinkled across that forearm .
tr	NN	The entryway was clear .
tr	NNS	Things in my life are always complicated .
tr	NN	One firefighter with a clipboard asked Mae an endless stream of questions while another began yanking furniture out of the way .
tr	NNS	Lights from the local shops and streets were bouncing off the wet pavement as we passed through downtown .
tr	NN	The spout was alive and began moving towards him .
tr	NNS	Things like only having one classroom were on the list of reasons her parents told her not to waste her time at Harvest .
tr	NNS	Chapter Fifteen The inside of the shop was neat , its wares arranged under glass , along the counter , and on the walls with military precision .
tr	NNS	Those deaths had been bloody , too ; I smelled the blood before we ever got to the room where they 'd been killed .
tr	NN	Perhaps the melody is not as beautiful as you had initially thought or the creature not as ghastly . "
tr	NN	A shriek from the back of the building told Helen she 'd been seen .
tr	NN	When he stepped into a large and brilliantly lit room after ten minutes , the guide rod 's tip was almost hot .
tr	NN	A leader should be present . "
tr	NNS	And in the shadows lurked the desperate prostitutes , pickpockets and drunkards that clung to a meager existence .
tr	NNS	Their preparations were nothing short of brilliant .
tr	NNS	Lights were on , illuminating nothing that could suggest anything was wrong .
tr	NNS	Two direct hits , right between the eyes , a dead-on shot into the bastard 's skull .
tr	NNS	Shoe prints stood out as if embossed on the desert floor .
tr	NNS	" I have to warn you , though , " Paolo said , " Things are very different .
tr	NNS	Sadness entered me at how little of that person was left .
tr	NN	After more than five minutes there was consensus and Gunther spoke again .
tr	NN	Neither option sounded all that sane to her though .
tr	NN	There was no carpet .
tr	NNS	There were always cousins , and it seemed like new ones appeared randomly .
tr	NNS	" Great minds , " Jessie agreed , and glanced at the bloody grass .
tr	NN	A quiet sob escaped from Ruby and she bit down on her bottom lip .
tr	NN	The second buggy launched into the air just as the old woman and a young girl jumped to the ground .
tr	NNS	Mountain peaks showed as magnificent backdrops .
tr	NNS	The main elevators don 't go up to the higher floors for security reasons . "
tr	NN	They don , t have any samples from the Man Wolf .
tr	NN	Yes , ' t is true .
tr	NNS	And some very impressive electrical gadgets that block any and all electronic frequencies from penetrating our air space .
tr	NN	Thus the adrenaline , racing heart , cold sweat -- and becoming aware of these physical reactions can only make them more intense . "
tr	NN	The valve that allows water to the hot water heater is closed .
tr	NN	Love at first sight is something for fairy tales .
tr	NN	That video was still out floating around in cyberspace somewhere .
tr	NNS	Things I wanted to happen .
tr	NN	All around them , the lightning continued to fall like arrows of white fire .
tr	NNS	His thumbs stroked over her knuckles , and he searched her eyes , only hoping she would understand .
tr	NN	" Something 's fishy about this , " Mai absently responds .
tr	NN	' The Master has forced the people to clear the land .
tr	NN	The general secretary supported the Owl : " I know Dr. Liang well from my time in Shanghai .
tr	NNS	The remaining ten clan leaders and their parties followed the newly crowned Emperor into the grand ballroom where a celebration was already underway .
tr	NNS	The cabinets underneath the counter held most of their paper supplies .
tr	NNS	In Indian spiritual philosophy , the ancestors prescribed a mechanism to be in exalted state of this super consciousness .
tr	NN	" The last I saw of him , " Shane said softly , " a fully shifted werewolf was going for his throat . "
tr	NNS	So , are you ladies the new owners , finally ? "
tr	NN	Her greeting wasn 't exactly cordial .
tr	NN	" The endless parade of fashion can become a bit dull . "
tr	NN	The buck continues along the surf 's edge , oblivious to the tiger 's presence .
tr	NNS	But the necklaces hadn 't been on it , so I 'd figured that someone had swiped them in the confusion and chaos .
tr	NNS	Looks to me like your search will be short and sweet . "
tr	NNS	Flames of that elusive expression flared , raged higher .
tr	NN	A final shimmy brought a smile to Brick 's face as the sock disappeared down the side of his body .
tr	NN	A gray haze rolled into my head and suddenly I felt stricken with unexplainable fear .
tr	NN	The last sliver of sun disappears .
tr	NN	His briefcase held everything a person would need to start a new life , or to steal one from someone else .
tr	NN	Perhaps the " venom " would have killed him .
tr	NNS	Small rolling hills , none higher than fifty feet , lined the landscape .
tr	NN	The pipe became the defining aspect of her role !
tr	NNS	The drums were already rehearsing .
tr	NN	A frantic sob escaped him , and Elijah hurried to check for a pulse .
tr	NN	Jazz tosses my purse to Chad , who pulls out my license and studies it intently .
tr	NN	The mayor arranged the microphone .
tr	NNS	The colors calmed my mind .
tr	NN	The bard looked from side to side cautiously , shrugging his shoulders with a tiny grin .
tr	NN	I 'm not sure how long she will be awake for , so you had better go in now , " answered the healer .
tr	NN	The musk of the forest was thick in the warm spring air and it surprised her by making her mouth water .
tr	NN	The holographic map and tracks vanished .
tr	NN	Except now there was a tray of gorgeous smelling food on the table by the sofa .
tr	NN	" I 'm telling you , man , particle theory burns my brain .
tr	NNS	" Your mothers are all looking for you . "
tr	NN	When I wanted to go to him the captain refused my request .
tr	NNS	At the very center , the petals suddenly turned bright purple , forming a thin round border around five stamens tipped with yellow .
tr	NNS	Snowflakes appeared through from the dark sky , appeared briefly around the gas streetlights then disappeared into the fog .
tr	NN	The leopard inched forward once again without even a whisper of movement to betray him .
tr	NN	The reptile jerked twice .
tr	NNS	" It 's not that at all , " Emma objects .
tr	NN	The remembered routine occupied his awareness , keeping his mind off the space beyond that hatch .
tr	NNS	The moment the door clicked shut , shudders overtook her .
tr	NN	That vow , like every other one she 'd made through the years , had turned out to be meaningless .
tr	NNS	Bonnie 's eyelids drooped to half mast .
tr	NNS	The surroundings , everything around us fell away and there was just him .
tr	NN	" Then the map is just a hobby ? "
tr	NN	Meantime he reminded himself that it hadn , t happened until midnight the night before .
tr	NNS	With the pictures were the three letters that had first enabled Theresa and Garrett to come together .
tr	NN	Precarious balance disrupted , his foot slipped , his bum knee collapsed , and he pitched forward .
tr	NNS	His eyelids felt heavy but still he attempted to open them .
tr	NNS	Romulus took the torch from Viktor .
tr	NNS	The moss proved quite slippery and she fell .
tr	NNS	The professors accept this as fact .
tr	NNS	Heavier losses than they were looking for .
tr	NN	How much does the gardener earn ? "
tr	NN	There was a polite cough from the door .
tr	NN	The core has been inactive for as long as I have , blocking the flow of the raw elements .
tr	NN	There 's probably some explanation .
tr	NN	" People will see that supporting such regimes causes people like me to occur , causes the hatred that spawns our activities .
tr	NN	The shelf was splitting and cracking underfoot .
tr	NNS	Her movements were angular and sharp under the impeccable cut of her evening jacket .
tr	NN	Thinking of his nephews made Beth Ann 's suggestion more tempting than he 'd ever imagined it would be -- almost worth the trade-off .
tr	NNS	The whores would swarm and stay .
tr	NNS	" The leaders , yes , " Lilly confirmed .
tr	NNS	" All the drapes are closed and I can 't see inside .
tr	NNS	Jewels shone upon fields of precious metal bright as stars , black as onyx .
tr	NN	My libido , however , still hasn 't gotten the message because there 's some serious sizzle and pop going on .
tr	NN	The Professor wearily climbed them and was immediately confronted by a hung gray blast door .
tr	NN	While Louis ' report was now available to the leaders of France , Marquette 's log was about to be lost to the Jesuits .
tr	NN	There is a hinge on the back with a pin that fits through a corresponding cylinder to keep the thing in place .
tr	NNS	Even with the patina coating them , the images and writing were as crisp , clear , and precise as those on a modern coin .
tr	NNS	Overseas sales are down again .
tr	NN	A complex pattern of dark , crisscrossing spirals wove through the wood .
tr	NN	The rope snaked upwards .
tr	NN	The healer is on his way , and my brother is determined to keep the cities free of vampires .
tr	NNS	The authorities are on their way . "
tr	NN	Each young brave went on his own conviction , running through the cane line .
tr	NNS	Heat monitors are all yellow and ammo counts have gone to critical .
tr	NN	The route to the Mississippi is now clear , and it turns out to be amazingly easy .
tr	NN	A tiny beacon of hope warmed her insides .
tr	NN	The gas would only be effective during the time it was in my bedroom , ensuring anyone who went back into my bedroom afterward would be unharmed .
tr	NNS	My footsteps were hollow and tinny against the cold linoleum floor , echoing the beats of my plunging heart .
tr	NN	The wailing over the dead still filled my ears .
tr	NN	In the small inn next to the town green the local blacksmith and ferryman huddled in a far corner as they enjoyed a pint of ale .
tr	NNS	The wineglass started to slip from his hand and he barely managed to hold onto it .
tr	NNS	" Zen 's employers were desperate before ; they 'll be rabid once this hits . "
tr	NNS	In addition , sports is now an adjective .
tr	NNS	Lives are at stake . "
tr	NN	His bike was nowhere in sight .
tr	NN	At the top of all things that mattered was the fact that Rush was my brother .
tr	NNS	With weapons raised , the gunmen scanned the area then heard a squirrel 's chatter from a nearby tree .
tr	NNS	Fat silk pillows of every color enveloped him .
tr	NNS	The faint , pleasant aromas of tobacco and coffee greeted me .
tr	NNS	Words came at Jude , words that had had no meaning before .
tr	NNS	Things started to go black and I faded from the scene .
tr	NNS	The fans don 't appreciate that kind of thing and to be honest , I really don 't either .
tr	NNS	According to this -- " " No hypothesis , " Tibor said .
tr	NNS	Behind the walls of these long , carpeted hallways lay offices and consulting rooms where patients were given good news .
tr	NN	The gravel was damp as if there had been rain but the late afternoon sun was now on her as she made her way easily .
tr	NNS	The stakes were too high .
tr	NNS	" Three eggs , " he said , hazel eyes fixed on what he could see of mine .
tr	NNS	Her footsteps quickened , and she didn 't stop her backward progress until reaching the far cavern wall .
tr	NN	His orgasm was close .
tr	NNS	There were other visits in other summers , but Hal never made her smile , no matter what he brought her .
tr	NNS	But in the end , the cookies won .
tr	NNS	The three Hammers supporters walked away chanting at the tops of their voices , restoring their bravado .
tr	NN	What government wouldn 't give their right arm to have her ?
tr	NNS	" Those drinks were expensive . "
tr	NNS	True warriors didn 't need all that armor to cover their body .
tr	NN	Part of me was so happy to hear that he didn 't share his bed with just any woman .
tr	NN	' Father , ' my Master replied , politely inclining his head .
tr	NNS	Doors lined each side , and paintings bedecked the walls .
tr	NNS	Folks like to hang them in the house as decoration .
tr	NN	The leader and two captains dismounted and made their way toward Ahmet , still writhing on the ground .
tr	NNS	Fine red scales covered its surface , shining bright as jewels by the light of lamps and candles .
tr	NNS	The green cronies pounded on the table and laughed while Andrew slid his hand onto Emily 's knee and squeezed .
tr	NNS	Both boxers started slow , sliding cautiously to the middle of the ring .
tr	NNS	Then , before I knew , the credits rolled and they turned on the lights .
tr	NN	Love punched it in .
tr	NNS	Others fixed on the anarchy out the windows , watching Gehenna and its citizens burn .
tr	NNS	Any lies and he 'd detect them easily .
tr	NN	The other tender just arrived and looked toward the field of battle .
tr	NN	The slow glide of her tongue over her rosy flesh made him pulse with need .
tr	NN	The inspector appeared on the caster 's little vid screen in his fedora and trench coat .
tr	NNS	The silver hoops flirted with her hair , and the silver cuff bracelet gleamed .
tr	NN	And what good is a bot that cannot fulfill its programing ?
tr	NNS	If he could disclose that Skully was murdered and who did the deed and why , the news media would sensationalize the story big time .
tr	NNS	The drinks arrive , umbrellas galore .
tr	NNS	Her ministrations ceased , and he could feel her gaze boring into him .
tr	NN	" What 's the battle status ? "
tr	NN	" But there 's no lava .
tr	NNS	Our supplies and life support can handle several people for months . "
tr	NNS	Girls are all about best friends , even when you hate each other . '
tr	NNS	When Ash stretched his neck , the rusted chains clicked and rubbed into his fur .
tr	NNS	Looking at her now , her face so serene , one curl snaking across her cheek , Hart knew he 'd found peace .
tr	NNS	The differences were painfully apparent .
tr	NNS	" The roads are icy . "
tr	NN	Before Eli could reply , the second gong sounded and Spike charged , scaled feet kicking up puffs of dust .
tr	NN	The chandelier flickers , and the spot where it hooks into the ceiling is cracked .
tr	NN	The butterfly made me curious .
tr	NNS	There were many different types of cells in the lower level of the Manor , all for different types of prisoners and interrogation techniques .
tr	NNS	Girls put all sorts of weird things on their skin and in their hair .
tr	NN	By last reports , the gold reserve was still intact .
tr	NN	A few bullet holes and crumpled bumpers , but he decided it could still run .
tr	NN	And the neighbor 's family .
tr	NN	Yet his determination to exact retribution from those he held responsible for Whitney 's death banished such thoughts from his consciousness .
tr	NNS	His instincts , too , were sharpening , allowing him to anticipate the reversals and pitches .
tr	NNS	Chess was putting an arm around her , steering skillfully with the other .
tr	NN	" The carving was amazing .
tr	NNS	Why should aliens have airplane doors ?
tr	NN	Without hesitation , the canine bounded inside and moved over respectfully into the passenger seat .
tr	NN	A man obsessed is a man alive .
tr	NN	For whatever reason , the werewolf took off , running in the opposite direction .
tr	NN	As Colin emptied the ladle into the bowls , steam rose off of the top .
tr	NN	" In all likelihood , Tony , the design will need a bit more tweaking before you can fire up the cutters . "
tr	NNS	I had to admit , the chances of Hank taking that kind of precaution over Toyota inventory was pretty low .
tr	NN	The bastard looked resigned , knowing he would not be picked .
tr	NN	The ease of use of the device and its vast usefulness in daily life overshadowed worries about how the data would be used .
tr	NNS	At least these meetings with officers from other forces reassured the Inspector that his own team were not alone in the struggle .
tr	NNS	" So will these grade five cards enhance our lives ?
tr	NNS	I would remind you that we are only on this planet to retrieve two lost Stuff It cards .
tr	NNS	Vast squares of concrete mark the foundation of old houses .
tr	NNS	The cards seemed to jump out of my hands and their meaning was clear to me as I wove the narrative from the reading .
tr	NN	Our leader has married a beautiful , intelligent woman .
tr	NN	How much of it was pretense ?
tr	NN	A grunt left my lips .
tr	NN	This sentiment of walking alone while immersed in a crowd was what gave birth to the third and final play in this collection .
tr	NN	The common treatment for this condition is simply to stick a catheter into the uterus and draw off the excess fluid .
tr	NN	My reflection from the previous day didn 't hold a candle to what I was looking at now .
tr	NNS	The emptiness they feel is hard to come to grips with .
tr	NN	The soft rustling of fabric being teased by the breeze , accompanied by the precise click of approaching footsteps , caught his attention .
tr	NN	And there 's always a troublemaker or two , wallowing in the mud and teasing the fillies .
tr	NNS	My actions had put myself , and consequently , Finn , in danger .
tr	NN	His defense of me softens my heart , and even if Ryan and I will never see each other after tonight , I will remember him always .
tr	NNS	Adonis stumbled , but he managed to right himself , and at last he let go of my hand .
tr	NNS	" Unlike boys , cats have eight more lives after curiosity kills them .
tr	NN	" No , his attorney wrote Mom a letter . "
tr	NNS	" The industrial sculptures and the textured abstracts ?
tr	NNS	Her bursts of violence were even more savage than Chairman Z 's .
tr	NN	There was an appeal to that , to have the sturdy walls around , the presence of others to share the risk of dangers .
tr	NNS	As if in response , the more meaty areas of the slime twitched .
tr	NN	Her reputation was one for being sharp-eyed , distant , and coy .
tr	NNS	Things are more dangerous , more desperate .
tr	NN	The man holding Adel releases his grip from his arm .
tr	NN	" There 's wisdom , Shotgun .
tr	NNS	Her social skills were progressing nicely .
tr	NNS	The serotonin levels had dropped to a dangerous level .
tr	NNS	Things would never be simple with Maddy and me because neither one of us would ever fully forgive ourselves .
tr	NN	The only explanation was that she meant to kill him .
tr	NNS	After all , there were millions of stars in the sky , plus all the comets and asteroids .
tr	NN	Then a bullet had proven the old man right .
tr	NNS	The media has a sick obsession with both of us .
tr	NN	Her sudden entry and red distraught face with make-up smears must have been a frightening sight .
tr	NNS	No spices to go with it , but hunger more than made up for this .
tr	NN	" Does the blush go all the way down ? "
tr	NN	Finally locating the boy , Link begins to charge but quickly reconsiders when he sees Mai awaiting her chosen 's embrace .
tr	NN	Sometimes , for some people , uncertainty was easier to live with than a difficult truth .
tr	NNS	No cameras watched the sides or the back of the hospital .
tr	NN	The absence of her weight left him craving it again .
tr	NN	The saliva dried in Bond 's mouth as if he had swallowed alum .
tr	NNS	The hills were rocky , a tortuous up and down .
tr	NNS	Things like that don 't take long to happen as you should know . "
tr	NN	the commander asked as if the offer was ridiculous .
tr	NN	She gave the engaged couple seated near her an indulgent smile .
tr	NN	Their young Wolf cub had to find her own way .
tr	NN	With a comforting pat on her head , Link breathes a chuckle and steers his horse toward the farm .
tr	NNS	The cliffs were to the north .
tr	NNS	Those fireworks scared me , too . "
tr	NN	And then after the Great Patriotic War had been won , his nightmare progress through the Gulag had begun .
tr	NN	My master would 've been able to find another way , but so much of what he knew was lost .
tr	NN	Besides , what if the principal actually was in ?
tr	NN	" Her f lowers are exceptional . "
tr	NN	True , his schedule was full for the week , but he was up and running efficiently once more .
tr	NNS	" Don 't get any ideas , Pirate , but oh my gods that feels amazing . "
tr	NN	The software was actually older than he thought it would be .
tr	NN	But success is slipping away , even for me . "
tr	NNS	She was silent a moment , and then she signed , Things come .
tr	NN	Meanwhile , the castle was beginning to wake for the tournament in the rooms all around them .
tr	NN	Any assault you make doesn 't have a chance of reaching the domes , never mind destroying the beasts inside here ! '
tr	NN	Y goal for the night was having a fight with everybody on the swim our team ? "
tr	NNS	The countess grinned suddenly .
tr	NN	And corrupt Brand 's morals they did .
tr	NNS	The winds rose to a thunderous pitch , a whirling gale of debris above their heads like the funnel cloud of a tornado .
tr	NN	Our offense now would easily put up 45 points on any team that we faced , and our defense was holding teams to seven points or less .
tr	NN	A splinter hit my heart , and then another .
tr	NNS	The time differences were maddening .
tr	NNS	Polished wood floors stretched seemingly everywhere .
tr	NN	Who could the intruder have been ?
tr	NNS	When the other EOD agents were murdered , the cases didn 't go public .
tr	NN	" No , sir , " the operator said , once more on his screen .
tr	NNS	These ladies knew Jesus Christ before you knew him , " said Benedict and looked angrily at the accuser .
tr	NN	The healer probed her injured ribs delicately , but thoroughly , saying nothing .
tr	NNS	Several strands popped free , and I watched through cracked lids as the man stealthily slipped them inside his pocket .
tr	NNS	The factions take care of everything . "
tr	NNS	Words had abandoned her .
tr	NN	Angling his wings , the hawk entered into a steep dive .
tr	NN	The tail ends of his long hair flapped in Sonia 's face and she spluttered , giggling .
tr	NN	Ok , here 's the deal , Ben .
tr	NN	A metal creak echoed through the cabin .
tr	NNS	There were also frequent rest breaks outside .
tr	NNS	The edges of the hole glowed with white plasma .
tr	NN	' Please , ' Love said .
tr	NNS	Things often happened very fast but for sound reasons : don 't overthink them .
tr	NNS	The petals had begun to sprout small thorny vines , roses growing in the winter cold .
tr	NNS	The rolling hills of vivid green grass and multi-coloured wildflowers where the sheep grazed had no power to abate the worries that continued to accumulate .
tr	NN	A big flat panel TV hung from the wall .
tr	NNS	Things are going far too well to take that kind of a risk now .
tr	NN	Sure , a phoenix was powerful , but he 'd take - Her palm flattened on his chest .
tr	NN	There was a muffled ' hey ! '
tr	NN	Meanwhile , the elf was about to pull down my pants .
tr	NNS	Cassius was easy to love .
tr	NN	A crash because of mechanical failure would be a guilt he couldn 't live with .
tr	NNS	Other creatures screeched and howled .
tr	NNS	Two whole pigs roasted on spits in the middle of the square , attended by a squad of local lads taking turns at the cranks .
tr	NNS	Myles was waiting patiently in the car , doing a crossword puzzle in the newspaper , when Faye came out .
tr	NN	The hunt for the truth , he said , continued .
tr	NN	" The only possible proof would be a genuine vampire , and that will never happen .
tr	NNS	Words couldn 't have helped them communicate more clearly as they touched and stroked and petted each other .
tr	NNS	Unknown travelers rarely cross the threshold .
tr	NN	The parade of colorful costumes pauses , and the scene changes from one of merry chaos to one of hushed anticipation .
tr	NNS	Nothing darker than my imagination is hiding in that closet .
tr	NN	City folk didn 't , men most of all .
tr	NN	By the record player would make sense .
tr	NN	As she passed over her full breasts , the unexpected stimulation caused her to emit a gasp .
tr	NN	His old Giants T-shirt stretched tight across his chest .
tr	NN	Perhaps determination had prompted her to state her position a little too bluntly .
tr	NNS	But the servants of the Crown are the only family I know .
tr	NN	This celebration is a combination of devotion , misdirection , administration , and self-indulgence .
tr	NN	Your delivery and electrical problems are your concern , not mine . "
tr	NN	" A software glitch ?
tr	NN	If the angle doesn 't work , and Revolution kicks our ass this month , the guys backstage will understand .
tr	NNS	The chairs were gilded with gold , their cushions made of the finest red silk .
tr	NN	With that came endless passion and intimate moments that rocked both their worlds , leaving them breathless and so happy .
tr	NN	The duke stayed on the floor .
tr	NN	The guilt in Kylie 's chest doubled , but this time she couldn 't stop herself from looking over the woman 's shoulder at Derek .
tr	NN	The glee had gone .
tr	NN	" How does your own medicine taste ? "
tr	NNS	" Wait a while longer , " Reeve whispers , still holding me .
tr	NN	The landlord bustled towards them .
tr	NNS	The firm 's security specialists were already working on it , but they apparently didn 't have high hopes of finding any answers soon .
tr	NNS	The three wolves looked at each other and back at her .
tr	NNS	The sirens grew louder .
tr	NN	A paralysis so strong grips me I have to remind myself to breathe .
tr	NN	" What 's the prognosis ? "
tr	NNS	His wrists he set early .
tr	NN	The thick haze that blurred my days now was sometimes confusing .
tr	NN	Besides , her grandmother was a retired teacher and she 'd see that Shannon wouldn 't be missing out on any learning whilst she was away .
tr	NNS	Diggs didn 't look convinced , but he didn 't argue .
tr	NN	You ' l find out . "
tr	NN	The baron tucked his bread into the stew .
tr	NNS	Words can 't explain how much I adore it .
tr	NNS	But would the drunks even notice ?
tr	NN	A deep roar filled her ears as the rail plummeted .
tr	NN	The map had drawings of where certain things could be found .
tr	NNS	No signs were there .
tr	NN	Shaking his head , his uncle stepped back .
tr	NNS	All the youth leaders give their home numbers to the parents of the youth , in case they need help .
tr	NN	A hearing aid protruded from one ear and age spots dotted hands intertwined in prayer .
tr	NN	" Your agent emailed to say your latest book just hit the New York Times list !
tr	NNS	The mounted warriors nodded in affirmation .
tr	NNS	" The texts are just a lot of symbols that look very convincingly like letters . "
tr	NNS	The wolves did not taste very nice , but it was the only time he did not feel hungry in several years .
tr	NN	" A Painted House " But , like most farmers , Pappy and my father carried debt from the previous year .
tr	NN	" Author author , " he said , " you did a damn fine job . "
tr	NN	Beyond the terrace , the gravel cut her feet .
tr	NNS	' How 's about fair shares then ?
tr	NN	The footman could use your healing touch .
tr	NN	Its hot radiance brought tears to my eyes , accustomed as they were to the dim crimson light of the temple .
tr	NNS	The new ads went out in newspapers and magazines and billboards all over the country .
tr	NNS	Your grandparents have much to share with you .
tr	NNS	The signs of a recent battle are all too apparent as the hero dismounts his horse and scans the area .
tr	NN	A scowl creased Ethan 's forehead .
tr	NNS	Things were improving for him , along with the other people still aboard The Owner .
tr	NNS	As much as she wanted to believe that he was committed , his actions spoke against him .
tr	NNS	Our expressions mirror images of one another 's fear .
tr	NN	Unless Bax could be convinced that there wasn 't any immediate danger , the cowboy was going to send him back to the hotel for the night .
tr	NNS	The drugs and alcohol mixed with the bristles and cold paint had pushed her carnal senses to ecstatic heights .
tr	NN	No weed marred the stone walkway .
tr	NN	When had marital vows ever prevented anyone from straying , if they were so inclined ?
tr	NN	The legend that vampires had been chased out of London sixty years ago could be merely that , and nothing more .
tr	NN	Part of it is meeting someone who has all these expectations of me , but who feels like a total stranger to me .
tr	NN	The agent steps out from behind his protective wall and moves toward the concourse .
tr	NN	A little spark ran through me at her touch , reminding me that I needed to talk to her about her gift .
tr	NNS	A.J. 's temples began to throb .
tr	NN	Fear that he could achieve his goal , make her his mate , control her life .
tr	NNS	The messengers , all bearing bad news , almost had to line up outside the iron pavilion at that point .
tr	NN	' All of these men - leaders of cities - commanders of armies ... ' ' All pledge allegiance to his cause . '
tr	NNS	Besides , at this point the chances of me completing the project to buyer 's specifications on time are slim to none . "
tr	NN	Call me an idiot , but I melted a little over that .
tr	NN	And the collateral damage could be substantial .
tr	NN	Perhaps a gentle scrubbing with cold water and salt would remove the stain .
tr	NNS	The members of the Senate rose and cheered .
tr	NNS	The opening strains to Beethoven 's Fifth played , then all was quiet .
tr	NNS	Ah , and Rahmat 's spaghetti was too bland .
tr	NNS	The burns on both their faces had become scars and were slowly disappearing .
tr	NN	Part two to free , respond with me " What is that supposed to mean ? "
tr	NNS	My vital signs had stabilized and my bodily functions were normal .
tr	NNS	' There are two versions , only subtly different .
tr	NN	A soft click like a latch unhooking .
tr	NNS	There were other changes .
tr	NNS	Six pairs were sparring against each other .
tr	NNS	All types were getting involved in it .
tr	NNS	Words fell out but he lost track of them .
tr	NN	The castle cast off a new silence with dream-like whimpers of whippet hounds , doors creaking , reopening , one after another .
tr	NNS	Several drips of water fell to the floor .
tr	NN	A balcony from the second floor overlooked the kitchen and dining area , bringing in even more natural light from the surrounding windows .
tr	NNS	And not just ghosts , " she added , " but those who have passed on . "
tr	NNS	The crew members lay on the floor .
tr	NN	There was a click , and then the main one opened a crack .
tr	NNS	Some stalls sold food and snacks , others trinkets and jewellery , from the very cheap to the obscenely expensive .
tr	NNS	" Oh my God , there 's homemade cookies in it . "
tr	NN	Between sounds sinister , the ferry swayed left and right while the means brake in his belly and were insured by huge steel hooks .
tr	NNS	Sadness threaded through the joy .
tr	NNS	Things happened exactly as they did the night before .
tr	NN	There was another bump , this time from underneath .
tr	NN	The audience exploded into cheers .
tr	NNS	As Luis went down to his knees , Jase 's sweatpants went down with him .
tr	NN	A thin blonde with green eye shadow and exaggerated cherry red lipstick put her arms around his neck .
tr	NN	And believe me , this habitat 's a lot nicer than the decompression chamber .
tr	NNS	Some areas are overrun with it . "
tr	NNS	Romulus shook his head .
tr	NNS	His laboured footsteps led him deeper into the Shades .
tr	NNS	When Beth gripped Ella 's hand with all her strength , both couples came to a halt .
tr	NNS	The other ladies murmured condolences .
tr	NN	" The décor 's better than last year 's . "
tr	NNS	Contrary to the ways of their ancestors , these young elves preferred weapons of steel to wood .
tr	NNS	Wonder glows around him and mystery swirls behind his eyes .
tr	NN	The rustle of sheets preceded Will 's voice .
tr	NN	Anyone who serves needs to go through the course , " Storm explains .
tr	NNS	Those types of kids always do . "
tr	NNS	Again and again his best efforts produced only the dry taste of dust .
tr	NNS	After all , thousands of years were a mere pittance of time to the gods .
tr	NNS	" So are you , " I cooed , seeing his palms on his thighs , fingernails digging into the skin in resistance .
tr	NN	His operation here had given him confidence and a taste for something bigger .
tr	NN	However , I found we could help you better in a hospital , " the medic reasoned .
tr	NNS	Visualizing scenes to paint is impossible .
tr	NNS	The chances were too slim that it was all an accident , especially in conjunction with the rumors circulating .
tr	NNS	Why did the pills stop working ?
tr	NNS	Doug 's journalistic instincts kicked in , telling him he was seconds away from the truth .
tr	NNS	Bugs then pulled the plate in question from his satchel .
tr	NN	His chuckle was soft and stirring .
tr	NN	The medic took his signs and scanned his head for any sign of a concussion .
tr	NNS	Alexis took a deep breath to enjoy the sights .
tr	NN	The senator stepped up to a podium .
tr	NN	Chewie 's growl echoed lowly in the distance , but for some reason her dog didn 't lend a helping paw .
tr	NNS	Screams rose up on every side as she thrust it over her head .
tr	NN	The tentacle shoots out in front of her , bends to the floor , and loops back at her .
tr	NNS	Things had been amazing since our waterfall picnic .
tr	NN	The murderer of Pete Turner is dead .
tr	NNS	Hands set behind his lower back , wearing his red robe .
tr	NN	The tentacle tried to lift him skyward , but his hands reached desperately for the trees .
tr	NNS	There were some taller grasses and some trees spread sporadically across the area .
tr	NNS	Things grew complex from there .
tr	NNS	Once they reached the outskirts of Zurich , the rolling hills became ever larger and seemed to glow green .
tr	NNS	My team members got irritated with me and started shouting at me .
tr	NNS	The floors are of shiny light hardwood .
tr	NN	The compulsion returned briefly but then he began to think as the intruder .
tr	NNS	Sadness bled through me like I 'd been fatally wounded .
tr	NNS	In general , in the north uniforms stayed out of sight .
tr	NNS	The chains trailed behind him .
tr	NNS	Elias looked at her , sunglasses glinting in the hot light .
tr	NNS	Things were different this time because a child was involved .
tr	NN	Now environment and tradition can interact to form a new middle way , distinct from either old Earth or the Outer Worlds .
tr	NNS	The warriors trooped past .
tr	NNS	Marius looked up and saw the twins .
tr	NN	" His resolve went beyond my grandfathers , but he now admits he was right . "
tr	NN	Living in harm 's way all the time , terminal is death .
tr	NN	The candlelight reflected from the windows , from the gold sunburst reliefs , from the gold leaf of the wall carvings and the inlays on the furniture .
tr	NN	" A gentleman who lives in number 22 , Hanover Square , " I answered .
tr	NN	Soon , every inch of my skin was flushed and tingling .
tr	NNS	Eight shots rang out and Rifleman Woodbridge 's body jerked and his head slumped forward .
tr	NNS	The rats spent a lot of time worrying about why they were suddenly so clever .
tr	NNS	Vital signs are unstable .
tr	NNS	Elias broke off and focused his attention on the cave entrance .
tr	NN	The teacher smiled wryly .
tr	NN	George 's angel had some good advice .
tr	NN	The contraption flung itself open with frightening speed , suddenly becoming an elegant bow ; hiding its folded origins well .
tr	NN	Oh there was an old coin too with some kind of strange marking on . '
tr	NNS	Gramps insists she suffered from post-partum depression , but she didn 't care .
tr	NNS	These instinctual movements were slow and deliberate at first .
tr	NN	The racket of wheels clacking on the rails lifted , leaving only the low hum of the police car underneath .
tr	NN	The patrons of Club 19 , though , were the forgotten men of the underworld .
tr	NNS	" The ghosts and I can try and find out what we can in the building .
tr	NNS	There were bigger drops ahead ?
tr	NNS	The creatures didn 't drop as easily as humans would have , but the attack got their attention .
tr	NNS	Things inside his body were not functioning as they should .
tr	NNS	On the way back out , Carmine 's footsteps faltered when his eyes fell upon the crinkled paper taped to the glass near the exit .
tr	NNS	Sirens sounded down the hill .
tr	NNS	Things did not go according to plan . "
tr	NN	But , leader or not , Jeremy is often too stubborn to argue with , especially when it comes to settling a score .
tr	NNS	" Things didn 't go well with Sean ? "
tr	NNS	" Because we 've still got five sectors and eight patches to cover , and my completion rate is faster than yours . "
tr	NN	In another minute his spine would crack .
tr	NNS	" These websites could aid terrorists .
tr	NN	" Let 's get these lanterns lit , " the sheriff said producing a flip top lighter .
tr	NN	A loud clattering caused me to spin around .
tr	NN	" What 's the status ? "
tr	NNS	There were no prayers in me .
tr	NN	A torrent of spikes erupts from their left like a rain storm , impaling one of the warriors countless times .
tr	NN	Happy birthday to dear Su ... . '
tr	NNS	Police and firetrucks and ambulances would be blocking the roads of the residential neighborhood in minutes .
tr	NN	That would be followed by a plea agreement to driving while intoxicated or some other lame charge , " the colonel said .
tr	NNS	Soldiers were milling about the green , looking concerned , as if expecting a battle .
tr	NN	The lamp made an audible thud as she plunked it back into its rightful place .
tr	NN	I was only joking , ' the little fellow grinned .
tr	NN	The Russian government never got around to paving these streets . "
tr	NN	There was a miniature voice-activated recorder lying against the wall .
tr	NNS	The sirens eased off , but the thick , unnatural tension hanging in the air like heavy clouds told me that whatever had happened hadn 't ended .
tr	NNS	But her explanations clearly weren 't doing it for her sister , who was making little worried sounds into the phone .
tr	NN	My uncle will understand . "
tr	NNS	Older couples and small clusters of women who spoke solemnly to each other .
tr	NN	Its tip was slightly bent , the result of its contact with the stone wall .
tr	NN	The umbilical cord spat and sizzled and shriveled in the cleansing flames .
tr	NNS	The media can be helpful . '
tr	NN	Our leader evidently wasn 't awed .
tr	NN	Even the language of these people could well need a translator just to be understood .
tr	NN	" Why does the medical wing have to be locked ? "
tr	NN	A soft click sounded .
tr	NN	That lack of response was wrong .
tr	NN	The celebration of marriage may be a social thing .
tr	NNS	Things go bad , and people are moved to write on the walls ... " Commander ! "
tr	NN	Inside the wreck the squad of men were stirring feebly , beginning to creep painfully through the tangle of steel and plastic out into the cold rain .
tr	NN	The commander broke into a smile .
tr	NN	Love spread his hands open .
tr	NNS	Things may look pretty bad right now , but we 're no dinosaurs .
tr	NNS	Samuels didn 't look as though he had aged a day since this old picture had been taken .
tr	NNS	For a mile around black crows rose noisily into the air .
tr	NNS	There are collateral relatives descended from my great-aunt , but they don 't count .
tr	NN	Your grandmother told you most of the story , or at least the story she knows .
tr	NNS	The ruckus made always awoke his prisoners and let them know that he was coming up to see them .
tr	NN	" A canoe ride ? "
tr	NN	His left hand is bandaged , the gauze wrapped several times around the palm of his hand .
tr	NNS	Rufus stood up on the porch and turned his lips down into a frown .
tr	NN	Besides , the paint stunk enough to get his head to swimming .
tr	NN	His hesitation clenched her stomach .
tr	NNS	" Mrs. Chamberlain 's dresses are very ... interesting . "
tr	NNS	Looks like the director of that region personally recommended Murdock for transfer and promotion to his position up here . "
tr	NN	" Did the dusting hit you , sweetheart ? "
tr	NN	What would your Mummy say if you fell and hurt yourself ?
tr	NN	Brand 's insulting challenge enraged him , and he shattered a dozen or so large boulders with the sword before he got control of himself .
tr	NN	There was no announcement over the intercom system ; they had expected none , especially after the two days of silence .
tr	NN	The static water tank would have been too small to discern were it not for the sunlight reflecting off it .
tr	NNS	Chills create little bumps on my arms .
tr	NNS	Elias caught the bullet in the middle of his chest and fell backwards .
tr	NN	My grandmother glanced at me .
tr	NN	Two days later a sedan barreled into him .
tr	NN	the Silver snapped at the females .
tr	NN	The townsfolk stirred and slipped from warm beds , their weary hands groping for lamps in the predawn dark .
tr	NN	What a specimen she thought .
tr	NN	There was applause again and Zeus turned to look across the dais .
tr	NNS	" Your Highness , " she murmured .
tr	NN	And yet their armored leader stood unscathed .
tr	NNS	Howling winds tore at her , ripped her hand from Luke 's and the scream from her mouth .
tr	NN	For some reason his indifference hurt worse than his anger .
tr	NN	There was agony and disillusion and despair .
tr	NNS	Ah , the joys of speaker phone function .
tr	NNS	Flickering torches lit the way through dark and empty corridors .
tr	NNS	The other passengers had also joined them to see their Pirate 's Island .
tr	NN	He was interested , his melancholy suddenly disappeared .
tr	NNS	Five figures per show to start . "
tr	NNS	Myles had all but forgotten it .
tr	NNS	The winds had died down but the rain hadn 't slowed , flooding the landing 's dirt parking lot .
tr	NN	His partner probably was , but his weapon wasn 't drawn .
tr	NNS	Further shouts and calls came from the belts of fog below .
tr	NNS	The ' leaders ' themselves did what soft , weak things always do under pressure : melt away and disappear .
tr	NNS	The two teachers from the university were quite impressed with the backwater sheriff 's scientific curiosity and judgment .
tr	NNS	His instincts kicked into gear .
tr	NNS	When it finally came free , lazy streams of blood coursed down from the holes in the corpse 's belly .
tr	NNS	Some spaces were busier than others but the thing that amazed me the most was that people were actually flying in and out of clusters .
tr	NN	A pigeon landed on the top of the playground .
tr	NN	The one bonus of her coming to get me , I suppose , was that I didn 't have to face the wrath of her father .
tr	NN	How many ways can a cowboy say " I don 't care about other people ? "
tr	NNS	If that was true , then the chances were good that Barton was still failing .
tr	NNS	No matter the security level , fire codes would ensure there was another exit .
tr	NN	A missing agent linked to missing jewels ?
tr	NNS	Delores just made up this shit up to make me miserable . "
tr	NN	Now every illusion of happiness she had dreamed up came crashing down on her .
tr	NNS	Others had tried this before him and given up .
tr	NNS	A species comes up with the way to survive the most horrific conditions a planet can throw at them and all you can say is yuck ? "
tr	NNS	The EMT sirens came to a stop outside and within seconds the medics burst through the door .
tr	NNS	Their kisses were primitive and wild , a raging storm of need , too long repressed .
tr	NNS	Our dinners tend to be tasty .
tr	NNS	His thumbs caressed her delicate jaw .
tr	NN	Before she knew it , the real estate agent was out on the porch .
tr	NN	Part of me wanted Ethan to beat Greg to a pulp , but that was wrong .
tr	NN	" Your grandmother tried .
tr	NNS	Sarah 's clients were losing money .
tr	NNS	The ladies of the church had done an amazing job .
tr	NN	" Yes ... and a werewolf bite .
tr	NN	" Happy birthday , Angela , " William said with an insincere smile , reaching the present out to me .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of my youth , my mother before her passing , those memories pained me -- but it made me listen more intently .
tr	NNS	Inside the bags were backpacks , each one name tagged and stuffed full of kit .
tr	NNS	Looks like an uneventful night , he thought and began to yawn .
tr	NN	Only his remarkable balance averted a plunge into the waters .
tr	NN	The theory is that a strong marriage means a happy lawyer , and a happy lawyer is a productive lawyer , so the bottom line is profits .
tr	NNS	A black Mercedes pulled in next to the jeep .
tr	NNS	Other functions and roles you would not .
tr	NNS	The helpers looked at each other , at their Lama , at the two fugitives .
tr	NNS	The mansions all shared one thing .
tr	NN	Maybe because of the way her daddy treated her .
tr	NNS	The other members started to murmur .
tr	NN	A siren echoed outside .
tr	NNS	The Prime candidates are playing the Tag .
tr	NNS	The passengers pushed their way into the lane and circled around the guards until the green coated men gave up and stood back out of the way .
tr	NN	His secretary had already departed .
tr	NNS	The colors and shapes and words and pictures are so garish , so abundant , that they are mesmerizing .
tr	NN	" The vote is close , too close for us to afford this kind of snafu .
tr	NNS	The landscapes on her own cabin wall they were hers .
tr	NNS	Of course there are two immediate consequences for my tirades .
tr	NNS	Our blades clashed again and again , sparks rising from the gleaming steel edges .
tr	NN	But unlike destruction of hardware , that internal damage would only betray itself by position errors .
tr	NNS	" No worries , Caveman , you 'll be okay .
tr	NNS	The funeral attendants lifted the coffin from the trolley to carry it down the steps to the waiting hearse .
tr	NNS	Piper Morning classes seemed to drag by , like this entire week .
tr	NN	Got that info on King Bobby , but I seem to keep missin ' you .
tr	NNS	All my credit cards and cash were still there , but my license was gone .
tr	NN	Love doesn 't last .
tr	NN	' You 'll know when to stop , ' the goddess reassured her .
tr	NNS	There were couples as well as many who traveled alone .
tr	NNS	Valerius had blinked back his tears before they betrayed him .
tr	NN	A strange tremor vibrates through my belly that has nothing to do with hunger .
tr	NNS	Others are pointing at it , gasping , murmuring , " What the hell is that ? "
tr	NNS	Jessie 's sobs got louder as Jackson led both her and the horse the rest of the way to Luci 's house .
tr	NN	Using the Force , Padme 's aura became immediately clear .
tr	NNS	Others before you have tried that route . "
tr	NNS	I had my arms wrapped around my shoulders , the reins resting in my lap .
tr	NNS	Canvas cushions on the chairs and lounges smelled and looked new .
tr	NNS	Her summers were never happy because she had to spend them with her father , who had divorced her mother when she was just four .
tr	NN	The Bull followed him , knowing he had the Assassin worried .
tr	NNS	Things were easier then .
tr	NN	The conflict had presently cooled off for a respite .
tr	NN	" My secretary said you wanted to see me . "
tr	NNS	The evil creatures used their beauty as a lethal weapon .
tr	NNS	For the warm earth spawns ghosts and those ghosts accompanied Sara everywhere ever after .
tr	NNS	Several footsteps and a cockney accent echoed on the other side of the door .
tr	NNS	* There are also scarves , purses and soft leather slippers in the window .
tr	NN	Voice recognition software went to work with the president 's security clearance credentials .
tr	NNS	Romulus cut in to help .
tr	NN	" Please , " I gasped , every nerve on fire with want .
tr	NN	You are lucky I do not claim yours as well for hindering me , " scoffed the knight .
tr	NN	" Hey , little ninja , it 's good to see you home , " Rick said , picking her up and swinging her around in circles .
tr	NN	The arms master surrendered .
tr	NN	The lightning from earlier is definitely not a coincidence .
tr	NN	What good would her company 's reputation be if it fell apart because she was working for him and not herself ?
tr	NNS	Nicodemus lit the pipe with a match and puffed on it a few times , watching my face with a little smile on his lips .
tr	NN	" A blond man , " the footman offered , obviously wishing to be of assistance in an effort to dispel Max 's obvious anger .
tr	NN	And pretend there 's a cord lengthening your spine upwards , pulling you . "
tr	NN	The next ball bearing strikes me a few inches to the left of the first , bruising my ribs .
tr	NN	The newcomer must catch on quickly .
tr	NNS	Of course , the servants were distraught , but again , there was nothing to be done .
tr	NNS	Soldiers are at work too , tackling the demonic invaders , showering them with bullets .
tr	NNS	By the time that was accomplished the shudders had subsided a bit , though occasionally a violent shiver would rattle his bones and teeth .
tr	NNS	Even the teachers know him as Ketchup .
tr	NN	At the farmer 's market by Nana and Papa 's house . "
tr	NNS	" There were real zombies here last night .
tr	NN	The shrine of Mary marked the end of the pilgrimage .
tr	NN	The captive was struggling .
tr	NN	" No offense meant to any of you . "
tr	NN	" What does that bitch have to do with anything ? "
tr	NNS	Looks can be deceiving and the brain does not always register the truth . "
tr	NN	Maybe the castle would have someplace to bathe .
tr	NNS	By the way , are any of you ladies hungry ? "
tr	NN	Or vice versa . "
tr	NNS	His breeches hugged his derriere and powerful thighs and his morning coat displayed his broad shoulders rather nicely .
tr	NNS	And of course , the education centers have been studying the territory across the Federation planets ever since the explorers returned .
tr	NNS	The videos he had seen in New Orleans didn 't do justice to the real thing .
tr	NNS	Shops lined the square , many of them displayed bright pink signs , some with pictures of hearts other with images of women .
tr	NNS	And vamps can always do what vamps do best - manipulate . "
tr	NNS	' The courts can infer guilt from your lack of comment , Mr Murphy . ' '
tr	NN	Right now the dominant personality is Jude Cole , and his only purpose is to protect Lukas Clay .
tr	NN	She brewed the tea and took sips of it from one of Dustin 's coffee mugs , her hands fitting around the thick handle naturally .
tr	NN	The polish on her fingernails sparkled like crimson diamond dust , and Dean found himself transfixed .
tr	NN	The operator held up the small blue flower and Jake nodded .
tr	NNS	Sometimes relatives can 't spare a nickel or two or even a loaf and carton of eggs .
tr	NNS	She looked down and watched as the purplish mist like before hung below the gap under the door , her eyelids felt heavy .
tr	NNS	Aurelius came and took my girls out for ice cream many times and didn 't bother to stop in to talk to me .
tr	NNS	The zombies followed , and as they began to climb the short one tripped a wire which sent a band saw swinging down from the ceiling .
tr	NNS	My skates slice across the ice , and both teams race and weave to gain control of the puck and the game .
tr	NN	The thrill nudged closer , his elusive edge slipping back into reach .
tr	NN	" Clearly the coroner made a mistake . "
tr	NN	The whole tomb was strange , actually .
tr	NNS	The supplies we salvage are keeping us alive . '
tr	NNS	All characters appearing in this work are fictitious .
tr	NN	" How could my uncle help you ? "
tr	NNS	" Certain substances hold certain kinds of magic better than others .
tr	NNS	Myles allowed himself to be led away with tears of despair running down his face .
tr	NNS	Both suspects were staying quiet .
tr	NN	The dwarf turned and opened a door behind him , stepping into a small square room .
tr	NNS	The shouts and calls became a wordless blur .
tr	NN	The stable master was not an amorous interest to the girl he was sure .
tr	NN	The whole ledge felt unstable .
tr	NN	" Yeah , " the rogue said , " but you see , I don 't like questions .
tr	NNS	Occasionally the currents picked up and they would quickly dive into nearby caves until the winds died down enough for safe flying .
tr	NN	The little county courthouse was quaint and ' the oldest West of the Mississippi , ' or so the paper claimed .
tr	NNS	To his surprise , among the foreign shapes and squiggles , he found one concise message in English , the familiar letters etched neatly .
tr	NN	Meagan 's harshness confused her .
tr	NN	Her practical wisdom had opened Jacqueline 's eyes to what she was doing to Reese and to herself .
tr	NNS	Fucking antibiotics saved him .
tr	NN	The redhead turned and fled into the depths of the hotel .
tr	NN	The giggle turned to a laugh .
tr	NN	A warrior woman who had seen better days ... or years .
tr	NNS	Their uniforms made her feel secure and nervous at the same time .
tr	NN	The senatorial committee has been collecting documentation for months now .
tr	NN	" Has the coroner come up with anything ? "
tr	NNS	The myths that are trying to make sense of an unbelievable reality that took place all those thousands of years ago .
tr	NN	Our business agent took care of closing up the apartment .
tr	NNS	Supposedly the legends had said it was a gift given freely from a Unicorn to a repay an act of kindness made by a benevolent traveler .
tr	NNS	Curious , he replayed the words , listened to the voice .
tr	NN	The idiot must be the jealous sort who could did not want Faith to have contact with any other man .
tr	NNS	The cousins cried eagerly .
tr	NNS	That she was dreaming of him , a strange dream , the jumbled images switching quickly from one scene to another .
tr	NN	The thief spun and sprinted away down the walkway .
tr	NNS	White drapes hung at the window .
tr	NN	A police captain dressed in uniform .
tr	NNS	" Other bits of the ground are flying through the air .
tr	NNS	Things were going as planned .
tr	NN	His tail swished impatiently .
tr	NN	Around her the hustle of passengers and crew flowed unheeded , not touching her either physically or emotionally .
tr	NN	Ye see , it 's against our Code of Conduct , " the pirate captain sighed .
tr	NN	There was a slight hesitation , then he said , " Sorry , Mike .
tr	NN	There was a feral gleam in his eyes that wasn 't quite sane as he put himself between her and the others .
tr	NN	In this moment , on this bed , the dragon had complete control of her .
tr	NN	The brunette nodded as she planted her hands on her hips and took several deep breaths .
tr	NN	" Your partner is so dead . "
tr	NNS	Things will get worse before I can do anything about this . "
tr	NN	Her red eyes glinted with old malice , her hatred of him undiminished across the past century .
tr	NNS	Preserving fluids and caked blood stained the canvas .
tr	NNS	The closing credits read , Wings of Fate .
tr	NN	A bonus chance to drop off their weight of passengers as well .
tr	NN	There was no briefcase at the scene , which was in a derelict former mental health hospital .
tr	NNS	" Then your negotiating skills are fraying , because that certainly didn 't seem to be what you 're offering . "
tr	NN	At every step of the mission the abduction had been exceptionally well coordinated , expensive , and perfectly executed .
tr	NN	There , the Prophet could rebuild .
tr	NN	First , there is a pendant that your father wore that I need .
tr	NN	" So vampires real y aren 't a threat to humans ? "
tr	NN	The chase began again .
tr	NNS	Things happened quickly then .
tr	NN	A sob lodged in her throat as she hefted her burden back on her shoulder .
tr	NN	Why hadn 't my sweetie come to check on me ?
tr	NNS	All that aside , there were other signs .
tr	NNS	Seeing the dark underbelly of life makes for some interesting fictional characters , the kind you either want to incarcerate , or run home and write about .
tr	NN	The agent comes back down .
tr	NNS	On the front lawn , just as I remembered , tacky little garden gnomes peeped out mischievously from behind miniature plastic windmills placed strategically along the walkway .
tr	NN	" Undead don 't like garlic . "
tr	NN	Further north , where the homes and shops grew less shoddy , Amira came to a low brick wall , barely taller than her .
tr	NNS	Your spies in the palace have been good in the past , but this time they are too slow . "
tr	NNS	" What are the chances that I would be lured to a demonic building at the same time I was marked ? "
tr	NN	Duct tape sealed his mouth .
tr	NNS	The menu items blurred as I blinked away a sudden rush of tears .
tr	NN	The pilot poked his head back in the cabin and spoke to Leon .
tr	NN	The notion just popped into my head , but then again , I felt as if I had done that before .
tr	NN	A squirrel was about the only source of meet they would find .
tr	NN	Love was forever , but not everything else could be .
tr	NN	" These are unusual times , as well you know " replies the stranger cryptically .
tr	NNS	Americus coughed loudly and cleared his throat , bringing them back to the moment .
tr	NNS	Werewolves didn 't scar unless the injury was quite severe .
tr	NN	Casting around for a safe topic , he smiled whimsically and said , " The blue butterfly has been keeping me company .
tr	NNS	Only in our lifetimes had the cycle changed and our parents did not know how to cope .
tr	NN	He had explained it to her , had tried to spare her the misery he knew she would be going through .
tr	NNS	Then a hundred shadow images shot from his body .
tr	NN	My goal is to learn enough from them to be able to construct modern versions that will work even better than the originals .
tr	NN	Her instinct to flee kicked in .
tr	NNS	Thick drops of sweat poured down his cheeks by the time they reached it .
tr	NN	The sudden absence of noise and motion roused Kay from a horrible dream .
tr	NNS	There were wolves of all different colors ; red , white , black , brown .
tr	NN	" Sir , it 's for you , " the aid said as he handed the unit to the Admiral .
tr	NNS	Shadowhunters must judge whether a mundane can be given sanctuary without compromising the larger secrecy , and therefore safety , of the Shadow World .
tr	NN	His tail soon twitched as he watched something outside .
tr	NN	A large horned owl circled the ruined building , then settled on the crumpled wall .
tr	NN	Her long , black , venomous tail cracked behind her dripping with black liquid .
tr	NN	Her Grandmother never told her . "
tr	NN	The rumbling happened again , causing more rocks to tumble down the side of the cliff .
tr	NNS	The darker spaces on the burgundy wall showed traces of paintings taken down , whilst dust sheets covered the chairs .
tr	NN	There was no other fragrance in the world like it , the sensual fragrance of cherries , sweet and ripe .
tr	NNS	My Sentinel leathers were a kind of costume for me - an ensemble that let me feel a little more kick-ass and bluff a little more easily .
tr	NNS	Ten evil warriors were on gigantic black beasts .
tr	NNS	Reyes turned in the direction of the auctioneer .
tr	NNS	These shackles , I can get out of them anytime I want , they really have no idea . "
tr	NN	And my inability to understand what was going through that twisted mind of hers was an endless cause of aggravation .
tr	NN	Figured , my delivery was at the very top of the building .
tr	NNS	However , the zombies must have got him before he got the chance .
tr	NNS	Her fans love her and would line up for blocks to see her . "
tr	NN	My grandmother was the cook for the camp , while my grandfather handled maintenance and heavier tasks .
tr	NN	An unbearably loud roar explodes right over my head , like that of a lion or a bear .
tr	NNS	Looks like he could have busted some ribs . "
tr	NNS	School uniforms , striped ties , and scarves .
tr	NN	Crazy pastry chef collects prisoners like keepsakes and tortures them with the smell of chicken poop .
tr	NNS	His footsteps didn 't falter in the extreme wind .
tr	NN	" All right , " the inspector said .
tr	NN	Then the stench struck again .
tr	NN	If the sheriff came to their door , he had to be ready ... ? .
tr	NN	' Your silent partner has a voice .
tr	NN	" The contract is magically binding . "
tr	NN	The attorney stopped on the other side of the glass .
tr	NN	The priest stepped forward , passing the confused general .
tr	NNS	The closed slats of the old-fashioned blinds drew him .
tr	NNS	Girls liked artists just as much as bad boys , right ?
tr	NNS	Girls love them . "
tr	NN	Her instinct was right ; without a trace of hesitation the woman gave her a hurried series of directions .
tr	NN	The hulking black mass of his parents ' 4x4 gleamed beneath the clinical fluorescent tubes .
tr	NN	Luckily no-one heard her in the din of full-blown weekend shopping .
tr	NN	" It 's a test crew , " the commander continued .
tr	NNS	Things are about to change drastically for me .
tr	NN	The moon goddess wouldn 't have kept her alive and shown her the way to the valley if she wanted Luna to perish the next day .
tr	NN	There was a huge earthenware jar in the corner , and she lifted the lid to peer inside .
tr	NN	Then the cameraman closes the door and tiptoes back down the steps .
tr	NNS	When my eyes close , the chaotic images come .
tr	NN	" My master bequeathed the name ' Darth Sidious ' to me upon completion of my training .
tr	NNS	Sexy novels only mentioned teeth , so would lips be cheating ?
tr	NNS	Cadmus shook his head .
tr	NN	There 's great profit in it for you .
tr	NNS	Your chances of success are small and your chances of dying are great . "
tr	NNS	Three dark figures are staring at her under a street lamp , a hundred meters away .
tr	NN	The new Sookie , the rebound Sookie , wasn 't going to make the same mistake twice in a row .
tr	NNS	The insects tried to enter his every orifice and suffocate him .
tr	NN	A redheaded teacher stepped out of her classroom , " Get out of the halls , gentlemen .
tr	NNS	There were eight hidden cameras in various locations , focusing on the first shop from the Gateway .
tr	NN	This lingerie certainly doesn 't leave much to the imagination .
tr	NN	Gabriel 's first inclination was to put distance between them .
tr	NN	The one weakness he had .
tr	NNS	His movements were slow as he inched around the bar and into the kitchen .
tr	NN	An ancient little nun was sitting beside her .
tr	NNS	His footsteps stopped right behind us .
tr	NN	Lea 's reputation seemed to go up faster with every KO victory , which was what most of the audience liked to see .
tr	NNS	There are also several programs you might find useful .
tr	NNS	Witches were igniting into flame all around her as Hekate threw fire at them , and it was clear that Hekate was winning .
tr	NNS	Sally ports were visible in the bottom of the main gates , though everything was closed .
tr	NNS	" All the ladies do . "
tr	NNS	Chapter 20 The designs that had been produced by the facility seemed difficult to imagine .
tr	NN	A T-shirt came from Dori and Wynn .
tr	NN	" My Master demanded I date him for the benefit of the House . "
tr	NNS	And when he returns to set things in motion , my spies will alert us . "
tr	NN	The ranger smiled and nodded .
tr	NN	There was only a madman 's revenge .
tr	NNS	There are spies and mercenaries .
tr	NN	One player tossed Dario the ball and he threw it to players running various patterns .
tr	NN	Her pulse quickened when she saw the spot where they had kissed last night in front of Sugars .
tr	NN	" The Empire has done horrible things .
tr	NN	The Shifters ' unease didn 't lessen , Deni saw , and the smell of fear was high .
tr	NNS	Alexis put restrictions on Anthony 's appointed position .
tr	NNS	" Well - " " You spent all that time studying history and missed the one thing all great leaders have had in common ?
tr	NN	The lack of pain and agony was a definite plus .
tr	NN	Okay , so maybe her revenge was a tad childish , but Rush deserved everything he got - in triplicate .
tr	NNS	Things were heating up .
tr	NNS	Any outright demands for attention , Talbott deflected .
tr	NN	Perhaps there was a third option , though .
tr	NN	The caller on the other end said something , earning a few laughs from Jude .
tr	NNS	Flames and some jagged pieces of glass clung to the frame , making it look like the mouth to hell .
tr	NN	There was a small puff of black feathers quickly followed by a black mass spiraling to the ground .
tr	NNS	Others defied the wilderness in bright colours .
tr	NNS	Questions popped into his mind like bubbles to the surface of lemonade .
tr	NNS	Too many changes will cause questions and you will constantly be worried about whether leaving them here was the right decision .
tr	NN	A little pep in her step propelled Caroline 's return to Eddie 's truck so she could get away from the cemetery before dark .
tr	NN	How could the singer of such an up-beat song possibly write convincingly about the anguished soul of Vincent Van Gogh ?
tr	NNS	The fathers and husbands of the women were nervous , but the women were enjoying the attention while pretending to be indifferent to it .
tr	NNS	The villagers stared or snarled at me because I wasn 't praying and bowing my head when required .
tr	NNS	" My actions were not in hopes of recognition .
tr	NN	A bouquet of white flowers with faint red and blue accents rested in the center of each of the tables .
tr	NN	Every sob feels as though it 's torn from me , ripped viciously from a place that should never be touched so cruelly .
tr	NNS	With a thought the cells in his body activated .
tr	NN	Now that you mention it , my parent 's yard isn 't that green either . "
tr	NNS	At that moment , both boxers were moving closer to each other at a slow pace , which made many in the audience hold their breath .
tr	NN	Part of me really didn 't want to know .
tr	NN	So rehabilitation was going to happen even if the report favored me . "
tr	NNS	The goblins rushed like madmen back toward their camp .
tr	NN	The birth of their daughter a few weeks ago had solidified an already strong marriage .
tr	NNS	' Sure , zombies are the most obvious threat .
tr	NN	But good folk live for each other too .
tr	NN	The younger deputy appeared and told them he had called in the model and plate number of Sam 's car .
tr	NN	The steam around him dispersed as he stood there in a pair of cream sleeping pants .
tr	NN	And wouldn 't you know it , the miracle of all miracles happened : She made it down to the bottom in one piece .
tr	NN	' I get the feeling she didn 't have much of a social life what with work and Timmy , ' Love said .
tr	NNS	The church ladies loved matchmaking .
tr	NN	There wasn 't a single scar .
tr	NNS	Looks Victorian , like mine . "
tr	NNS	Rags accepted them , but he wouldn 't move from his spot on the porch .
tr	NNS	The crows surrounded the house each afternoon in summer , eating the elderberries that grew like weeds up against the windows even against the loft .
tr	NNS	His pupils spread , pushing darkness across his eyes .
tr	NNS	Thanks to my long stint in the hospital I was already a week behind and hey , my paintings were selling like hot cakes .
tr	NNS	Alexis dips her chin in a quick nod of reply .
tr	NNS	And the media loved to follow me around when they couldn 't get to Jax .
tr	NNS	Metal cabinets were missing their doors .
tr	NNS	Chills ran up and down my spine at that , and I shivered .
tr	NN	The old habit of lying died hard .
tr	NN	The enlightenment shared between two fathers .
tr	NNS	There were footsteps in the hallway .
tr	NNS	There were footsteps behind me suddenly .
tr	NNS	Others died as monsters .
tr	NN	One bundle flew from a pair of pants so hard it thumped into the wall , and loose bills rained down on her .
tr	NN	That description fit Lauren not her .
tr	NNS	The other members of the press all stood and clapped at the President 's remarks .
tr	NNS	Overall , the former captives did well , even the children .
tr	NNS	With difficulty , the cousins made out some sort of enormous structure in front of them .
tr	NNS	-- from their attentions to his friend ... -- Wait .
tr	NNS	Thon ideas were many upon reaching thy abode .
tr	NNS	' But rats can - ' Keith began .
tr	NN	The ad was catnip to me .
tr	NN	The archer sighs and puts down their belongings .
tr	NN	Moving again , a breaking dawn begins to color the sky offering us hope that the children are slowing down in preparation for their conversion back .
tr	NNS	His footprints were plainly visible in the new snow .
tr	NN	This time the television went off and Brianna came running , clutching Elizabeth , her stuffed rabbit , in one arm .
tr	NNS	Words that so few would ever hear .
tr	NN	There is some writing on the paper , a few words there , but I can 't concentrate on them because I 'm staring at the picture .
tr	NNS	The roads dried out , and she reckoned that the wagon could make it to Gonzales .
tr	NN	" Watch yourself , " the young lieutenant said , giving Razia one final , authoritative glance .
tr	NNS	Childs sports top No need at present .
tr	NN	For their behaviour to each other scandalized no observer : the staff and crew regarded them as a model couple in high life .
tr	NNS	These hand movements seemed to complement or add to the sighing vocalizations .
tr	NNS	The cloth 's metallic qualities were so strong that even high winds would not be able to disengage it from the framework .
tr	NNS	Small creatures of lesser status tend to him , stripping the armour and sealing the wound .
tr	NN	My medicine helps keep the highs and lows normal .
tr	NNS	Eighties music hums from inside , and a woman 's voice screeches .
tr	NNS	Myles had heard about an uncle Virgil .
tr	NN	As he rounded the back side of the hill , the castle came into view , constructed atop a shallower hill behind the first .
tr	NNS	The stakes are higher and the goals are different . "
tr	NNS	Things were different now .
tr	NNS	" But our tickets are non-refundable .
tr	NN	A moment later , the 911 operator came on the line .
tr	NN	The long clump of trash to my right was probably a couch .
tr	NNS	" Your Imperial Highness , it is an honor to serve you and your guest today . "
tr	NNS	Her servants burst into frantic motion , gathering up furniture and foods , following behind Siri .
tr	NN	Love didn 't say anything he simply stared out the window .
tr	NN	His next sentence kind of did .
tr	NN	Do me one favor , promise me you will live . "
tr	NNS	Further , trails from the Far East brought laden caravans to the river bank .
tr	NN	The concept was nothing new .
tr	NN	The clang of the latch was ominous to my ears , and I turned away to find the secretaries staring at me .
tr	NN	Was this eternity for me , then ?
tr	NN	A shriek of rage came from halfway down the staircase .
tr	NNS	The screens blink once and fill the room with a brilliant blue light .
tr	NNS	Even large grocery stores would be among those shops closed .
tr	NN	Fire and smoke , screams and the pound of footsteps erupted .
tr	NNS	The visitors had biscuits which they shared with Alex and Jackie and there followed a light-hearted party .
tr	NNS	The cousins gingerly stepped out on to this doubtful looking surface .
tr	NN	Just do me a favor , keep doing whatever it is you do with her .
tr	NNS	His contacts would do their work and he would soon know about any flight booking under their name .
tr	NNS	Six computer terminals arranged in a semicircle faced him in front of the book stacks .
tr	NNS	" Folks call me Mad Dog . "
tr	NN	Not that the general lack of male attention bothered her .
tr	NNS	Her dilated pupils stared at the ceiling , unfocused .
tr	NNS	My body instinctively presses against the wall as I try to meld into it , to get away from this guy and whatever lewd intentions he has .
tr	NNS	The calculations involved in planning the scenario were highly detailed .
tr	NN	The elf who had spoken had one normal hand and one hand like a cow 's split hoof .
tr	NN	Neither commander needed to say more .
tr	NN	His fake American accent had disappeared .
tr	NN	That chickenshit pilot says he is worried .
tr	NN	A steady , soothing progression of colors met and swirled on the ceiling .
tr	NN	The illicit thrill is almost too much , which makes it just enough to drive me absolutely crazy .
tr	NNS	The other two squad leaders , whenever they were away from their men , would bitch and moan about having ' shitty Marines ' in their squads .
tr	NN	This education initiative would affect millions if it passed .
tr	NN	His posture radiates a tension that runs through him like a poison , which can only be purged through confession .
tr	NNS	Bring the coffees let 's go . "
tr	NN	The ploy worked magnificently .
tr	NN	The soft cotton quickly dried her skin .
tr	NN	Part of the awfulness of all of this is that I really can 't let anyone know how I feel ; they wouldn 't understand .
tr	NNS	Waves of pain almost brought him to his knees .
tr	NNS	Marius said something in Russian and there was a crack of knuckles against bone , followed by a heavy thud .
tr	NN	My first instinct was to panic , and I felt a scream building up inside my chest , pushing its way up my throat .
tr	NN	The sheriff narrowed his eyes .
tr	NN	The gel becomes slightly thicker as I cross the living room .
tr	NN	There 's a dimple in his chin .
tr	NN	Thomas was actually in agony , but didn 't comment , his concentration was on staying on his feet as they moved to the stairs .
tr	NN	The bearded hunter didn 't let his axe rest .
tr	NNS	In the level below the cargo bay there were engineering spaces , long and empty passages separated by bulkheads every thirty yards .
tr	NN	" What a harrowing ordeal !
tr	NNS	Her lush , layered brunette locks had swept to one side , the ends brushing gracefully against her breast .
tr	NN	The knight appeared disappointed at the news .
tr	NNS	Marius whistled as the truck soared higher , spinning end over end until it landed on its roof with a violent crash .
tr	NNS	Our cells heal faster than we can deprive them of oxygen .
tr	NNS	Ambient temperatures peaked , and the planet was swept clear of its life .
tr	NN	The courtroom was respectfully quiet except for my sister , Margaret , who sat in the front row and wept like a baby .
tr	NNS	The temple ruins stood at the top on the edge of the banks .
tr	NN	His twin couldn 't be dead .
tr	NNS	In the same second loud footsteps came rushing their way .
tr	NN	Exam session was already over , and the building was almost empty .
tr	NN	" Maybe the trick is to not pay attention .
tr	NN	The stupid bitch was willing to take another beating .
tr	NNS	The governments took charge of organizing the development of the sector .
tr	NN	For a long time , mortality simply did not seem real -- until he drank Anon 's blood .
tr	NNS	Canadian authorities were frantically trying to set up refugee camps to contain them .
tr	NN	The captain stops at Heraklion only to take on water and supplies . "
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , the governments we elected were always in the employ of the same men who had destroyed us , who had enslaved us .
tr	NN	" Now Blossom Street , " her grandmother said as Courtney carried the groceries out to the car .
tr	NN	Part of the difficulty in understanding what she wrote was knowing what went with what .
tr	NNS	Rufus said aimlessly maneuvering through cow patty cakes .
tr	NN	His papa insisted he stand for that last one , and Master Jordan was mad as fire about it . "
tr	NNS	As the craft descends into the territory of a particular House , the air defenses challenge it in turn .
tr	NNS	The twins were asleep .
tr	NNS	Questions and doubts were raging through her as she walked into the bathroom to get her purse and make sure she wasn 't leaving anything behind .
tr	NNS	There were no signs of life there .
tr	NN	Her crop of wet white hair framed the green flash of her eyes .
tr	NNS	Lights pinpointed that darkness like stars in the night sky .
tr	NNS	It didn 't matter how he did it , his primal instincts were simply telling him to break the stare .
tr	NN	The itch between my shoulder blades got annoying . "
tr	NN	In other words , manly stuff that was far removed from Geoff 's usual interests in computer gadgets , video games and Facebook posts .
tr	NN	Our great leader , the famous Tobias , has a great weakness for ice cream .
tr	NNS	By his side lay the coils of thread , the pin hook attached to them , and the long , shiny pin spear .
tr	NNS	The winds pitched even higher , so much it was hard for Nadia to remain upright .
tr	NNS	Things I wish I never knew .
tr	NNS	The fire trails were at the base of the craft , one east of the mist , the rest inside the mist .
tr	NNS	A thick tightness gripped his throat as words escaped him .
tr	NN	Well , as a spy , needless to say , my first instinct was to lie .
tr	NN	With a silent groan , the chasm between us rips further open until I can barely see him .
tr	NN	The cart came to a halt .
tr	NN	" Don 't talk to anyone , " my team leader ordered while wiping my slobber off onto his shirt .
tr	NNS	There were only two doorways along this route .
tr	NNS	What were the chances they had two criminals on one plane ?
tr	NNS	Tiny lightning worms gnawed at my nerves , writhing in devilish sparks all the way up to the pain centers in my brain .
tr	NN	The video of it was all over the Internet .
tr	NN	Another commander leaned over and warned , " More dragons , sir . "
tr	NN	The plated armour responded to counter strikes as steadfastly as anything made of bronze or steel .
tr	NN	My belly starts talking to me , and I realize that it 's lunch time .
tr	NNS	" All the tests we have run on the air samples indicate no harmful organisms at all . "
tr	NNS	His kisses culminated back to her forehead and then he hugged her , resting his chin on the top of her head .
tr	NN	The first page rustled as the book trembled in my hand .
tr	NN	That , s why I don , t like to talk of it .
tr	NN	There wasn 't another option because his was a studio apartment .
tr	NN	My appetite had vanished with the onset of my headache so I regretfully left the food untouched .
tr	NN	" No grandma , we aren 't going anywhere . "
tr	NNS	But now the studios have all moved to Burbank , San Fernando , Glendale and even farther away .
tr	NNS	Two-thirds of the way down the aisle in which she was standing , taillights flashed in response .
tr	NNS	The items she had set aside would be enough .
tr	NNS	The aliens had come in here and ruthlessly hunted and destroyed any person they 'd found , frozen or moving .
tr	NNS	Looks like you 've got yourself a candidate . "
tr	NN	Your grandmother experienced the same symptoms with your grandfather , and so on , dating back for generations .
tr	NNS	* * * Things were looking up .
tr	NN	' The dragon is ... ' He paused for a moment , Kumiko 's name precious on his tongue .
tr	NNS	In a snap , the smugness gave way to fury .
tr	NNS	Strange creatures watched us from the shadows , mostly unseen , just their eyes glowing in the dark .
tr	NN	Garlic powder was not necessary and in this case would repel instead of attract the objects of my investigation .
tr	NNS	Beneath the top sheet , their bellies rose in tell-tale mounds .
tr	NNS	" Folks around here think those recipes went with her to the grave . "
tr	NNS	Sadness leaked through her .
tr	NNS	The contents of the box are not what I imagine .
tr	NNS	Their saddles were large and heavy ; the horses upon which they sat were large and heavy .
tr	NNS	Words cannot express my deep sorrow for not sharing the truth with you while I still drew breath .
tr	NN	" Our music master has attempted to teach us some dances , but these men are more comfortable learning steps with a weapon in hand . "
tr	NN	The dean sighed and held out the nameplate that had come from his office .
tr	NN	His only option was to rise and dash , but knew that they would catch him in a breath , and bring him back .
tr	NN	Every nerve coursing through her body froze as the icy water drew her inward .
tr	NNS	Dark tunnels stretch out toward mysterious places , and black and white tiles make bland patterns on dirty walls .
tr	NNS	There are many objections he could give .
tr	NN	Classical science delivered just that and in the classical period science and art were most apart .
tr	NN	As he turned towards the rear exit , the principal called out to him in Malay .
tr	NNS	Looks like they 'll be in the same boat as you . "
tr	NNS	Nerves looked strange on Kathleen .
tr	NNS	" Those crazy Americans -- coming to the remotest point on the globe so they can give up electronics and live the simple life . "
tr	NN	The main castle is circular but the other annexed buildings and towers are quadrangular , with all rooms opening onto inner courts . "
tr	NNS	Samuels pointed to the top of the paper with the knife and said , " Start here .
tr	NN	Part of me was all for walking away , but another knew how vulnerable Trent was .
tr	NNS	" Fifty degrees , no wonder , " she said softly .
tr	NN	The legendary hunter , the watcher of the horizons , guardian against all beasts , was sending his warning .
tr	NNS	A dozen explanations might account for the light and the radio .
tr	NNS	There were a hundred local legends connected to the caves .
tr	NN	But secrecy wasn 't his only concern ... " We 've promised the people a Vessel .
tr	NN	A large growl was mixed with a deep gurgle .
tr	NN	Her theory earned a chuckle from him .
tr	NNS	His movements had the grace of someone who could move quickly when he wanted to .
tr	NNS	The first few theory classes they didn 't learn very much , they were all too busy being amazed by the Screen .
tr	NN	" What 's the next settlement ? "
tr	NNS	Others think it 's inside us but insubstantial .
tr	NNS	Your clients are corrupt .
tr	NN	The very first passenger was the inventor 's own wife , and no , Mr. Ferris wasn 't seeking to get rid of his good lady . "
tr	NN	As is usual when power rests in the hands of one supreme ruler , intrigue became commonplace .
tr	NNS	At this , Rachel 's fingernails curved into her palms .
tr	NNS	The other teachers probably just thought I was sick .
tr	NNS	The ducks were the same as Sam and I had left them .
tr	NNS	He was glad he was safe and clinically noted the familiar pangs of survivor 's guilt starting up .
tr	NNS	Are the ladies here immune to your charms , Nicky ?
tr	NN	Somehow , Victoria 's personality got to him .
tr	NNS	A few petals still whirled in the air .
tr	NN	" Listen , Edmund , " I hissed , " ' Hello ' is just not good enough .
tr	NNS	He took a few steps in their direction , his movements rigid like he could no longer bend his left knee .
tr	NN	the student who had just entered the room called out .
tr	NNS	Images of old movies with tearful endings came to mind as he pulled me to him .
tr	NN	The priest from my birth village suggested a pilgrimage ... a pilgrimage to Saint James .
tr	NNS	" What , that our ancestors were crazy people trying to blow up the planet and now we live in caves ?
tr	NN	The towering mountain was blasted out on one side , making a jagged hole down the slope .
tr	NN	Again , the stench of unwashed men assaulted his nostrils as he stepped into the crowded room .
tr	NN	The term is almost over , so your paper should be almost done .
tr	NNS	His fears mounted as he spoke .
tr	NN	An immense , serpentine form arose , its hood spread , its tongue flicking into the air .
tr	NNS	His khakis were soft , his body already hard .
tr	NN	The cart still moved , but did not jostle as much .
tr	NNS	Waves hit the rocks hundreds of feet below .
tr	NN	o -- o -- o That afternoon , as it chanced , was showering day .
tr	NNS	The media drew an unexpected conclusion .
tr	NN	I the environment was reverent and quiet .
tr	NN	A small chuckle escaped my lips , hearing him harp on me for yelling .
tr	NN	Under their reign the modern era will begin , and the threat of war will cease . "
tr	NN	The redhead gave a weary chuckle .
tr	NN	Apparently functional plumbing wasn 't in the budget and neither was Lysol .
tr	NN	The trick is , just don 't go overboard with it .
tr	NN	A trim blonde appeared a moment later , announcing his guests .
tr	NN	The notion of someone bringing another back from the dead was not one that meshed well with my religious beliefs .
tr	NN	The captain signaled for Cole to come aboard .
tr	NN	That last idiot was so all over the place nobody noticed you were too . '
tr	NN	The fellow on the other side of the counter started to ask for money , then changed his mind .
tr	NNS	Things immediately began to whirr .
tr	NNS	And the empty spaces in me were suddenly full of the words I regretted and the shame I felt and the absence of him .
tr	NN	" That 's my whole plan , " the sergeant replied .
tr	NN	Some passion there ; not what you " d expect around dwarfs .
tr	NNS	There were figures moving up and down the rows , apparently cleaning , but I couldn 't make out what they were doing .
tr	NN	Each dragon is distinctively different , having different shaped and colored scales with longer or thinner bodies ; each dragon is an individual .
tr	NNS	Even our associates in fucking Guatemala were laughing about it .
tr	NN	The passenger side windows shattered and I ducked as shards of glass and sparks flew into the cabin .
tr	NNS	Building roads from all directions to it would be the answer .
tr	NN	" What is the difficulty ? "
tr	NNS	Many possibilities marched through my mind some as wild as a hidden motor bike or race horse along the trail .
tr	NNS	The smaller creatures , pairs of sleek red foxes and coyotes , ran quickly for the shelter of the woods .
tr	NNS	" The roads are shitty already and every idiot driver is out there . "
tr	NN	Her progress was slow , and he knew she was uncomfortable , especially in the heat .
tr	NN	Link burst through the door , brandishing his shears just as Hunting flashed him a bloody , satisfied smile .
tr	NNS	Nine unknown Dead are with us under this overpass , miles from the airport and the hissing commands of the skeletons , standing here awaiting ... something .
tr	NNS	Their own fears did all the rest .
tr	NNS	The small splashes of her paddle and the rasping of water plants against the hull were all the noise in her world .
tr	NNS	His movements were stiff as he leaned forward to read the form .
tr	NN	The guilt that hung over this box could finally leave because for the first time , it would get put to good use .
tr	NNS	These creatures knew no fear or remorse , only incessant hunger .
tr	NNS	Parts of my body that have been in suspended animation since I dated Steve spring to life .
tr	NN	Chance took Gwen 's hand and shouldered past the guy .
tr	NN	Obviously your madness runs deeper than .
tr	NN	The Elder in the middle shook his head .
tr	NNS	" There 're bits of wood floating over there !
tr	NNS	My heart races as I think hard about what I 'm going to say to the man who raised me .
tr	NNS	His footsteps approached the door .
tr	NNS	Sometimes bad consequences come from poor choices and sometimes bad things happen to make us work at becoming a better person . "
tr	NN	Into the swirl of violent emotions came the healer 's voice .
tr	NN	My resolve wavered at the questioning tone in his voice .
tr	NN	There is no greater sin , my friend , than to eat a full meal when your neighbor has none . "
tr	NN	Then another realization belatedly struck .
tr	NN	" The bitch has gone to ground again ? "
tr	NN	His tuxedo stretched across broad shoulders and his elegant white shirt collar framed the sturdy neck of an athlete .
tr	NNS	" Soldiers are like angels if they fight for the right cause .
tr	NN	" No ... " The hesitant note in Dale 's voice said he didn 't want to have the conversation he knew was forthcoming .
tr	NNS	Moses cleared his throat .
tr	NN	The stack of cans leaned worse than the Eiffel Tower .
tr	NNS	The wipers dragged across the windowpane .
tr	NN	Their stamina was amazing .
tr	NNS	Another two shots finished them .
tr	NN	A low growl of warning emanated from his throat .
tr	NN	Your poor grandmother is lying in bed , sick , worrying over her granddaughter and her daughter , and what 's your mother doing ?
tr	NNS	Others were new , and still others were similar to older hymns but had altered lyrics .
tr	NNS	The windy mountain roads were easy to navigate in the summer , and I rolled down my windows to enjoy the breeze .
tr	NNS	All the cards worked off a personal area network .
tr	NNS	' Things should work out very well , then .
tr	NNS	Parts of his face were swollen and one of his hands was scraped up and raw .
tr	NNS	Alexis shuddered , as the metal gates slammed shut behind them .
tr	NN	A little restoration would do wonders , just like the mansion .
tr	NN	Jazz reached up and wiped some away , managed a fast smile , and pushed her gently out the door .
tr	NN	The captain shook his head .
tr	NN	Then her belly flipped .
tr	NN	His hesitation took her by surprise .
tr	NN	" How did this affect your family , Tom , " the leader asked softly in the silent room .
tr	NNS	Suddenly there was a ruckus from behind him .
tr	NN	The living legend shrugged off doubt and followed up his pointless speech with further instruction .
tr	NNS	" But when it comes to your kind of serious , there are nuances . "
tr	NNS	Some ancient scholars attributed ninety-five plays to him but according to the Suda it was ninety-two at most .
tr	NNS	Looks can be deceiving . "
tr	NNS	Other apples are too sweet ; they turn to bland mush when cooked .
tr	NN	Any Light that wants to be here can unless they do something against the Lights as a whole .
tr	NNS	Even from three stories up , the old suits they were wearing looked filthy .
tr	NNS	" In a place with two suns like some science fiction movie ?
tr	NNS	In return , was Muhammad to accept , these leaders pledged to accept Muhammad as a prophet and would thus support the new religion of Islam .
tr	NN	The sheriff looked like he wanted to say more .
tr	NNS	Oddly , chills went down my spine after hearing it .
tr	NN	However , there is some language that would suggest the money be made available to you immediately if the court ruled you were in danger . "
tr	NNS	Her facial expressions and body movement seemed stiff at times .
tr	NN	His partner then handed him a clear glass bottle from a wooden crate .
tr	NNS	And the cameras will prove it . "
tr	NNS	The congratulations and slaps on the back began all over again .
tr	NN	Part of me was still in shock , as stupid as that was .
tr	NN	The siren sounded the last cry .
tr	NNS	The next , I was opening and closing my mouth like a fish , my vocal cords apparently nonexistent .
tr	NNS	But the drugs he 'd have to take would compromise his ability to work at his current pace .
tr	NNS	My companions here will start to care for the vessels . "
tr	NN	The attorney pulled out a legal size pad and said , " You just answer a few questions and I do the rest . "
tr	NNS	The sea pirates were again free of the land .
tr	NN	Just a sec , " John said .
tr	NNS	Under orders of the high commander these gates will remain closed till morning . "
tr	NNS	But there are limits .
tr	NNS	The inner curses became progressively more colourful as that conversation was concluded .
tr	NNS	Principal Costas gestured to the remaining vacant chair in his dated , but well-maintained office .
tr	NN	His scowl outlined the planes of his cheeks .
tr	NNS	Others were trying to run by not wanting to have anything to do with the whole affair .
tr	NN	And a tin roof .
tr	NNS	As evening rolled around , however , those clandestine searches proved as fruitless as the easier ones .
tr	NN	His master could not be dead , he who had always been so full of life and wisdom and good advice .
tr	NNS	Our mothers are very beautiful .
tr	NN	The square instantly turned green , signalling a goal .
tr	NN	The peasant howling and crawling wasn 't bad either .
tr	NN	In one of the castle 's halls a chandelier threw its play of light across the walls and floorboards .
tr	NNS	Bugs pulled out an old pocket watch , and noting the time , said , " Elvin , head off to your post at the spotlight .
tr	NNS	His pupils grew to enormous size as his fear became tangible .
tr	NN	Just her Book of Shadows nearly killed me when I went into her house to look for you .
tr	NNS	The other candidates had sampled the Nectar already .
tr	NNS	Nothing much changes as the hours go by .
tr	NN	He couldn , t put all his thoughts into words .
tr	NN	The video shifted to some old fight footage of Billy .
tr	NN	Fortunately , the bastard only liked to hurt .
tr	NN	Gary 's birthmark popped up in her mind again .
tr	NNS	The wood floors were cool on my bare feet .
tr	NN	A big , big leap , he admitted .
tr	NNS	Some people 's hobo costumes were incredibly creative .
tr	NN	Some gauze and an antibiotic was all she needed .
tr	NN	With both of the boys so near to me , my tether almost disappeared completely , absorbed by them .
tr	NN	The lust was as real as it was powerful .
tr	NN	The bullet must 've gone into a wall or the bed .
tr	NNS	" Bueno pues , aren 't they boxers too or what ?
tr	NNS	As the saying goes , some apples don 't fall far from the tree .
tr	NNS	The cliffs behind them seem to grow larger , looming over the diminishing Undine population .
tr	NNS	The properties of the journal had planted seeds of doubt in his heart .
tr	NN	A murderer -- the bad kind , the kind who actually killed people -- was loose out there somewhere , and she was being blamed .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids were heavy but her soul was light as gossamer , a spiders web in a wind , anchored only by a single thread .
tr	NN	But the damage he 'd seen to those corpses ... No , Celaena had to be alive .
tr	NNS	Others , like Yank , were downright proud of Luther .
tr	NN	With each pulse of the clutch and vroom of the gas , a zing of excitement shot up Melinda 's spine .
tr	NNS	Starbucks is right ; I can 't run forever .
tr	NN	Her nightgown trailed off her shoulder where Todd sent a blaze of heat in the wake of his tongue .
tr	NNS	Both explanations are singularly poor in evidence .
tr	NNS	The hell hounds seemed to make some kind of communication with each other as they formed a battle sequence around me .
tr	NN	His tie fell to the floor and Samantha leaned forward and licked and nibbled her way over his chin and neck .
tr	NNS	Their beautiful , alluring ghosts remain in the forest , waiting to tempt and wreak revenge on the male sex .
tr	NN	His ultimate goal was clearly to secure his freedom , which I could not allow .
tr	NN	Love is a powerful thing . "
tr	NN	Nate 's reasoning squashed down the fear that he 'd come back too late and reestablished his resolve .
tr	NN	The weather unit and radio worked perfectly .
tr	NNS	" Things are running pretty smoothly . "
tr	NN	Part of her also hoped the Nix had left something identifiable behind , like fingerprints .
tr	NN	My grandma and I always get each other something with snowflakes on it for Christmas .
tr	NNS	A few seconds later , the opening bars of an Elliott Smith song blared .
tr	NN	" Come on , angel , " he coaxed .
tr	NNS	How many more generations before they spoke and thought as well as we could ?
tr	NNS	During spring , visitors seemed to have the island all to themselves .
tr	NN	All the same , the Cat went tumbling when Lord Joffrey 's coronal chanced to whack his shoulder .
tr	NN	The map worked perfectly at any height .
tr	NNS	" Yes yes , congratulations , you told me that dozens of times already . "
tr	NN	This vista was one of Wil 's highlights to Bagan and found by a bicycle prepared to leave the bitumen !
tr	NN	' There is nothing down there , captain ! '
tr	NNS	Similar paintings , only smaller in size , hung in the hall .
tr	NN	The whole scenario was just so wild .
tr	NNS	" Things will go as they will .
tr	NN	" My name 's Rob , " the newcomer said .
tr	NN	A super pissed-off pitch coated my words .
tr	NNS	" No more chances , " Jack replied nastily .
tr	NNS	The flakes of snow kept pouring down , and clouds of frost fil ed the air between us , our breaths kissing back and forth .
tr	NNS	The streetlights on Pearl silhouetted the men , so he couldn 't make out their faces .
tr	NNS	Screams go off like a demonic choir from every direction , and I can 't help but think of what might be happening out there .
tr	NNS	Those drones who wished to ally with a new queen and relocate were to pack and meet at the departure dock for the steamer the next morning .
tr	NN	The leopard remained unaware as it feasted on the Israeli .
tr	NNS	Any signs that they 're hostiles , we 'll use the darkness to wage a guerrilla war on the ground .
tr	NN	The half-smile that curved the stern lines of his mouth made the concession worth it .
tr	NN	My robe reshaped itself again .
tr	NNS	Your skills and knowledge will be vital .
tr	NNS	The countess set her spoon aside and held up her empty wine glass .
tr	NN	My Lina was truly an angel .
tr	NNS	" The only colors you should be thinking about are the ones on your outfits . "
tr	NN	The drawn-out , picture-perfect clarity of moments like those were what kept a man company on long , lonely nights .
tr	NNS	The spires of the coil seemed to attract each other like magnets and then suddenly change polarity and hurl forward at great speed .
tr	NN	Their unit was one of thirty in a two-story red-brick rectangle .
tr	NN	The dock grew smaller as the boat turned towards the exit .
tr	NN	The unicorn bounded through the chaos , dodging weapons , leaping over obstacles , moving with terrifying speed .
tr	NNS	During the shift , the werewolves lost control of themselves .
tr	NN	There was no milk in the icebox , and I wasn 't pouring Coke onto breakfast cereal .
tr	NNS	The morning was clear and bright , the roads empty of traffic this early on Sunday .
tr	NNS	Already my talons have begun to tear . "
tr	NNS	The guys ' speeches were no better than the girls ' .
tr	NN	Even as he debated with himself what to do next , the slight tapping as of footsteps reverberated across the platform .
tr	NN	His protective urges surged forth .
tr	NNS	His endless kisses continued , one leading into the next , every embrace more sensual .
tr	NN	The day 's weariness was taking its toll , and I couldn 't muster any more encouraging words .
tr	NNS	There were pre-Christmas functions on and people wanted corsages .
tr	NN	Chuck 's description of his two comrades conflicted so deeply with her impressions of them that Violet wondered if he might be mistaken .
tr	NNS	And little ' Nicole ' needed people to love and care for her .
tr	NN	His sympathy made her feel guilty for shading the truth , but she had to do what she could to make this go away .
tr	NN	That bitch better hope I never run into her or she will fear for her safety . "
tr	NN	An ornate silver crucifix hung from a thick chain around her neck .
tr	NNS	All facts , the good and the bad , were dead accurate and I didn 't have any doubt about any of them .
tr	NN	A great religious leader sees many things .
tr	NNS	The huts looked like overgrown seed pods !
tr	NN	" I didn 't do anything , " said an indignant little Alicia , " it wasn 't me !
tr	NNS	All eight banks were firing almost constantly , the radar screen a confusion of the blue and black dots of friendly and Tren missiles .
tr	NNS	His mirrored sunglasses reflect the ocean , and he lifts a bottle of water to take a slow sip .
tr	NN	The casual audience had gone home by then .
tr	NNS	There were a few more tours of the casino floor , the lock room , and a few sections of the basement .
tr	NN	All the elation , all the excitement had drained out of Bonnie .
tr	NN	A crimson trickle came from the corner of his mouth .
tr	NNS	Two servants brought their lunch .
tr	NNS	The first drops began to fall as he was driven away .
tr	NN	" The highway is much too dangerous . "
tr	NN	My only option was to jump into the river and swim to the other side .
tr	NNS	His own losses had made him angry as well , but he hadn 't given up on others .
tr	NN	Not usually do you have a threatening plant horde behind you to drive home its implication .
tr	NNS	The cats could tear through the door or claw through the roof in seconds .
tr	NNS	Mom deals with the rest of the pack problems while he makes sure no one threatens the pack . "
tr	NN	A dreadful bore , but what can you do ? "
tr	NNS	The Circle members must have been peers of the Whitelaw cousins , brought up together in Idris .
tr	NNS	The bars were just a bit bigger on top .
tr	NN	" So some maniac has been watching you for months , making sure you kept fooling everyone into thinking you were Sutton ? "
tr	NNS	If he doesn 't , the shapeshifters will never join with the witches .
tr	NN	This " fireball " technique was going to be his missile launched at the enemy village .
tr	NN	Not the easiest crowd Jennifer had ever tried to blend in with .
tr	NNS	Hands went out ; stomachs went up .
tr	NNS	There are ruins on that moon ? "
tr	NN	Was there any other explanation ?
tr	NN	' Not nice hobbit , not sensible , ' said Gollum , giving Sam an angry glance and turning to Frodo .
tr	NN	The chairman said , " Miss Cameron , some rather disturbing allegations have been made concerning the licensing of your casino . "
tr	NNS	Both planes tried to follow , but then fell back .
tr	NNS	Its actions may determine the future of this city . "
tr	NN	The sergeant demurred , but thanked him .
tr	NNS	The warriors , Militia or otherwise , called any cut a skin burn , unless it incapacitated movement .
tr	NNS	The military goons raised their guns and yelled , " Hands in the air .
tr	NN	The lettering was old and wearing .
tr	NN	The last laboratory held the biggest animals .
tr	NNS	" Yes , ladies and gentlemen , this Bronze Age battle is a unique moment in history .
tr	NNS	Things were about to change .
tr	NNS	Lights were on in the rehearsal room , and chairs were distributed in a neat circle .
tr	NN	A bitter dread settled in the pit of his stomach .
tr	NNS	The kitchens were empty at this time of night .
tr	NN	Her grandmother looked up at her in surprise , freezing in the act of beating some scrambled eggs .
tr	NN	The priest willed himself to forget the unforgivable .
tr	NNS	Maybe their royal seats are just for show .
tr	NNS	The traitors will do whatever they must to gain command of the Medallion . "
tr	NN	Death creeping in , just like always .
tr	NN	Instantly , the auditorium erupted into thunderous applause .
tr	NN	The sergeant turned to Coniston and KC for confirmation as he spoke they nodded .
tr	NNS	Because as far as I knew , swarms killed their prey on contact .
tr	NN	There 's no video in the back of the House . "
tr	NNS	" Things are fine .
tr	NNS	My inquiries are of a simple , humanitarian nature .
tr	NN	Nausea swelled in his throat .
tr	NNS	There are always ghosts .
tr	NN	A forearm clasped on her throat and something sharp jabbed into her back .
tr	NNS	Red spots were blocking my vision .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of a long , cool shower filled her head .
tr	NNS	The highway exits all followed the same coherent grammar .
tr	NN	A panel in the floor not slide back .
tr	NN	The dwarf frowned , like he recognized the name but couldn 't quite place it , so I decided to help him out .
tr	NNS	Looks like the universe decided to give the starving man a meal only to kill him off before he can take a solid bite .
tr	NN	" In some ways it is my lord , " a female knight with short black hair answered .
tr	NN	She seated herself at the table , calmly picked up her glass of juice , and looked up at him steadily .
tr	NN	The tank is full .
tr	NNS	The only similar traits they did share : dazzling blue eyes and a killer smile that knocked any girl 's socks off .
tr	NN	" Early edition of Sports Center , " she whispered .
tr	NN	The roar of the collapse faded slowly , like smoke dissipating into the air .
tr	NN	" There 's fresh milk in the kitchen .
tr	NN	Louis ' charm and the warmth of the wine receded before an onslaught of questions from Misha .
tr	NNS	A vampire 's instincts were normally much sharper .
tr	NN	The air vent was an addition , and a round , metal air tube went through the wall into the other room .
tr	NNS	As usual , her efforts were in vain .
tr	NN	And as you said , a slave owns nothing .
tr	NNS	The two goons grabbed me again , and pulled me out the door as Dragon followed , closing it behind him .
tr	NNS	There are too many schemes , plots , enemies , or simply people who want to use me .
tr	NN	The drag of his weight meant that instead of shooting right up to the roof , he swung in an arc .
tr	NNS	So preparations for the wedding party got under way .
tr	NN	The tip of his tongue flicks as he moves , adding extra pleasure , and my hips move with him .
tr	NNS	Though she didn 't know why they bothered to stay behind their hands , their whispers were as loud as gunshots to her .
tr	NNS	And these restrictions become part of the self-regulating feedback in society 's governing systems .
tr	NNS	The warriors still kept a keen eye out for trouble and held their axes tightly .
tr	NN	At ground level , a pretty brunette with a torn dress as one of many who had been blown off their feet .
tr	NNS	At one time the rags had been a clean white in color .
tr	NNS	Shotgun blasts reverberate through the air .
tr	NNS	He sat on the forest floor , absently ripping apart leaves from a nearby bush , surrounded by darkness and cool air .
tr	NNS	Things were moving too fast here .
tr	NN	A wee bit shorter 's all . "
tr	NN	The trailer wasn 't much , but I had a month and a half of high school left , and nowhere else to go .
tr	NN	" Its goal is to protect me from the serial killer .
tr	NNS	Wet cotton dresses clinging to the two adult women emphasised a problem .
tr	NNS	The warriors all fell to one knee before me .
tr	NNS	There 's casual girlfriends , and then there 's the girl you bring home .
tr	NN	My pulse jumped with rage , and I had to bite back the angry words flying to my tongue .
tr	NN	The area is empty , no prying eyes .
tr	NNS	My pulse races wildly .
tr	NNS	Muscles rippled with tension as they began stomping and pawing at the ground with their hooked claws , clearly torn between holding their positions and springing .
tr	NNS	And from what I 've learned so far , no stakes are too high . "
tr	NNS	" Shirley 's wolves picked them up , too . "
tr	NNS	Signed uniform jerseys framed under glass , football helmets displayed on shelves , hockey sticks , basketballs , baseballs , old game-day programs .
tr	NNS	The fire truck 's sirens were growing louder and he could see the lights from the truck in the distance .
tr	NN	Silver -- no longer floating -- walked over and offered his hand .
tr	NNS	Then other rats poured out of the walls , running madly across the floor .
tr	NNS	The footsteps had fallen silent .
tr	NNS	Apparently , our uniforms were not complete .
tr	NN	This shield is a seal that was placed on Dallas and his entire family , which prevented the Devil and his demons from killing the Taylor family .
tr	NNS	Looks like that 's fundamentally wrong . "
tr	NN	" Tie up the prisoners , " ordered the Hun leader , taking a swig from a small leather bag of local brew .
tr	NN	" I 'm not a believer in tests or quizzes or any of that bullshit , " our teacher said .
tr	NNS	The bars of the railing ended in finials shaped like sharpened fleur-de-lis .
tr	NN	Maintenance exchange confuses ? "
tr	NN	" And a diving board . "
tr	NN	His partner dove out the window after the fleeing exorcist , shouting for him to stop .
tr	NNS	As the car screeches to a halt in the driveway , there are no telltale signs of visitors .
tr	NN	In fact , my braid had strands of hair dangling from it .
tr	NNS	His species certainly treasured their women and children .
tr	NN	The shooter could come for her .
tr	NNS	My investments will do the rest .
tr	NNS	Compounding the issue , pheromone cues were beginning their work on him .
tr	NN	" Come in puppy , " the captain said .
tr	NNS	In the distance the sirens as the London Police blocked off the side street .
tr	NNS	The breakers for this entire hallway must have popped .
tr	NNS	Alphas only come from alphas . "
tr	NN	" The next hop was the longest .
tr	NN	" Reality " KT said , " is that why I had to rescue you from the Scavengers ? "
tr	NNS	Doors lined the hall .
tr	NN	" This detective fellow said the chap in question looked like Mr Cloud ? "
tr	NNS	Misty 's instincts were telling her to , but she 'd seen things in the last year to make her doubt her instincts .
tr	NNS	Things would have gone differently if she didn 't have to fight the cat woman for control .
tr	NNS	Rawlings seemed to be purposefully making a point by using her first name .
tr	NN	Her own reasoning made this possible .
tr	NN	A few of them were openly scenting me , their horrid snouts in the air .
tr	NN	Overhead a massive crystal chandelier hung from a domed ceiling , featuring a painting of lush fern fronds on a pale blue background .
tr	NN	The white kitten rubbed against my side , staring up at me with slanted blue eyes .
tr	NN	" That photograph could have ruined me , Selene .
tr	NN	The hunger that gnawed away at my stomach gradually increased as I trudged along .
tr	NNS	" Well , I mean , teachers had been telling me since sixth grade that I was going to college .
tr	NNS	Our kisses were always short .
tr	NN	Joe 's entire race looks exactly like him .
tr	NN	The email had an attachment for each of their seven hotels plus a consolidated statement .
tr	NN	Perhaps her ease of manner was due to something more than the simplicity of her nature .
tr	NNS	After all , theater tickets , deeds , programs , and the like do not prove the existence of bloodsucking immortals .
tr	NNS	The twins always throw open their windows when the weather 's nice , and I 'd seen swallows flying in and out of their towers many times .
tr	NN	The crown isn 't a symbol of your wealth , but of your authority .
tr	NN	A rumbling growl bubbled in my throat .
tr	NN	A petty thief on the other hand , " he shook his head and grimaced .
tr	NN	The bumper of Trey 's car was just visible beyond the hedge .
tr	NN	The elf 's cape suffered one serious blow after another , but the One Elf was always one step ahead of him .
tr	NN	After Mary Ellen applied a discrete amount of cosmetics , the maid helped her into the gown before dressing her hair .
tr	NN	The new lamp cast a soft light and the big log in the centre of the grate spluttered .
tr	NN	You could 've dropped me in the next town over and my father would 've called it good , your life debt paid in full . "
tr	NN	Was the idiot actually going to try and make a run for it ?
tr	NNS	No signs of resistance met me ; instead , her legs opened slightly .
tr	NN	Really , how awesome is my contribution to the Jedi Order ? "
tr	NN	" A little lance pops up and scans the blood .
tr	NN	A beautiful arrangement of yellow roses sat on the dining table .
tr	NNS	Back on their home planet gimmick bars had replaced all their decent haunts .
tr	NNS	Her little foolish hopes and dreams had long turned to dust .
tr	NNS	The butterflies in my stomach are now fluttering and taking flight as if to escape , but I continue .
tr	NNS	Haven 's eyelids fluttered and closed .
tr	NNS	Others of the Forest would occasionally appear and change places with but few words spoken .
tr	NNS	The media had practically attempted to break in during intermission , all too desperate to get shots of Liam again .
tr	NNS	The servants were everywhere working in kitchen , it was a busy day and all I was doing was getting in their way .
tr	NNS	Any attempts to attack us will automatically render this offer null and void and will be met with the immediate annihilation of your planet .
tr	NN	" A hunter , " Austin nodded .
tr	NN	The fellow in the front left the group to find the torches , and went about lighting them one by one .
tr	NN	Her coughing brought him back to the present .
tr	NN	" There 's the priest arriving now , with his assistant .
tr	NN	There was a rap at the door .
tr	NNS	Your checks will get direct deposited in there .
tr	NN	Gypsy tucked his shirt in and sat down .
tr	NNS	A few family members were at the bed side .
tr	NNS	The tightness in his chest threatened to explode .
tr	NN	" The Maya were our ancestors .
tr	NN	The spiked tip of a slat bit into her hand , slashed into her palm .
tr	NNS	A few long strands of gray hair tufted from his bald head .
tr	NN	This lane was ancient and must have been laid when horses and carts were the biggest things on the road .
tr	NN	The Master looked meaningfully at the crumpled pages the apprentice now held in his hand .
tr	NNS	But the signs were clear .
tr	NNS	His footsteps bounded around , over , faster than the hungry Freaks slavering in his wake .
tr	NN	Soaring Dove is a steady girl when it comes to flying . "
tr	NNS	Sensation abounded , so full , so abundant , her inhibitions toppled over one another like tumbling dominos .
tr	NN	All that mattered was the chemistry between us , the way my hips pressed to his , the feel of his arms around me .
tr	NN	" How 's your partner , Zane ? "
tr	NN	" He was trying to be everywhere at once , " the redhead told the human .
tr	NNS	As she crossed the yard , there were some brave members of her clan who dared to stare at the mess on her frock .
tr	NNS	The natural resources of our nation are dwindling drastically .
tr	NN	With a longing glance toward the fiercely handsome gentleman the maid gave a swift curtsy .
tr	NNS	The guardians are arriving , and I need my full staff . "
tr	NN	" When Advent came ... there was a firestorm .
tr	NNS	The nurses are helping him around , but he tires easily , and has to sit and rest often .
tr	NNS	Heavy , cold drops of rain fell upon stone .
tr	NNS	But better than that , these users would remain under his control , as would any subsequent copies of their user code .
tr	NN	The first law of thermodynamics : there is neither creation nor destruction , only transformation . "
tr	NN	Love hadn 't liked her husband but he had nothing to pin on him .
tr	NNS	Smoke effects forced shadows all around while casting a gray blanket across the circular tables .
tr	NN	a sickly smile spread .
tr	NN	" Love makes liars of us all ? "
tr	NNS	The garden gnomes are merely middle men .
tr	NN	Myra 's theory of the man being a part of some ancient ploy to take her virginity was only conceivable if he believed her story .
tr	NNS	Remember , changes in speed take forever up here .
tr	NNS	If Ashlyn had escaped , had brought Hunters into their midst , the warriors would demand her head .
tr	NN	The arrangement equally allowed social interaction should the occupants wish for a night of light chatter .
tr	NNS	Reyes appeared in the doorway , thunder on his brow as he slammed the door shut .
tr	NNS	The taillights were still lit .
tr	NNS	Lots of boys are alone but girls never are .
tr	NN	But the sheriff wouldn 't let it go .
tr	NN	An entire race would vie for her companionship without knowing anything about her .
tr	NN	Just in front of the table was a larger square , made of black marble and embossed with a parabolic design of silver stars .
tr	NN	So the bastard got the jitters and decided to get rid of me . "
tr	NN	The medicine flooded through her body , and her first tentative breath was quickly followed by several more , each becoming easier .
tr	NN	After an hour , Song squealed with excitement .
tr	NN	A television mumbled in the corner , but Ashe and Ren ignored it while they waited and talked .
tr	NNS	" There are a few preparations that might sting you a little , but you 'll be just fine .
tr	NN	" Love is blind .
tr	NNS	Are the scrolls a warning ?
tr	NNS	The mantis warriors landed and rushed about in short , darting motions for a moment , clearly disoriented .
tr	NN	The disgust in her voice bit into Medusa .
tr	NNS	But when they reared their colossal city , man 's primal ancestors had not yet risen from the slime of the primordial seas .
tr	NN	The tablet trembled in his hands .
tr	NNS	Alexis answered , as if she was afraid her mother might not be able to form the words quickly enough .
tr	NNS	But neither the horns nor the officers ' presence made Dickens stop fighting .
tr	NNS	If the couches sat just as I 'd last seen them , the paintings on the walls worse still , the piano on its low platform ?
tr	NN	There was no milk to spill out .
tr	NN	The sympathy conjured up by her presence vanished at her words .
tr	NN	" This entry is the day it all began , our secret was about to be exposed by the others and our ancestors had to act quickly .
tr	NN	You ' l see . "
tr	NN	Your uncle has told me so much about you .
tr	NNS	Thoughts peeled back and vanished in the gale .
tr	NNS	The red wolves are in danger of extinction .
tr	NNS	Looks like my luck is finally changing , after all ... " Razia 's mouth dropped and all she could do was sputter .
tr	NN	A gray cotton which was neither fog nor cloud suddenly covered my eyes .
tr	NN	There wasn 't much on the computer , the chemist either was using another machine or hadn 't been doing much lately online .
tr	NN	This crazy notion of a continuous spacetime with both space and time symmetric is all rubbish .
tr	NNS	So many dwarves are missing .
tr	NN	I take a deep breath , deciding to move past this heavy stuff , the prickle guiding me to my decision .
tr	NNS	No tightness , no pain , just Hart gliding his way in .
tr	NN	A little giggle escaped my lips and I cut it off , hoping he didn 't hear my epic display of girly giddiness .
tr	NNS	To all intents and purposes , the twins have a single mind , don 't they ? ' '
tr	NNS	Chartres , on horseback , accompanied by Duke Charles , met Lotte and escorted her through the gates toward the central octagonal dome .
tr	NNS	The roads did not hold out .
tr	NN	The callous disregard in his tone fired me up again .
tr	NNS	Behind the wooden counter was a white-haired man wearing bifocals , and behind him were about a dozen rows of shelves stuffed with papers .
tr	NN	There was immediately a metallic ping !
tr	NN	Again , the sage hummed .
tr	NN	The idle chit chat the concepts had been sharing ceased .
tr	NNS	Her instincts were to run forward and comfort the ghost but she couldn 't do that in front of everyone , they would think she was mad .
tr	NN	A smooth-talking , thorough special agent had interviewed him after the second incident , and Ram became hooked on all things Bureau .
tr	NN	The tip of Lloyd 's gun briefly swung in my direction .
tr	NNS	The potential ramifications of such a find were truly staggering : whoever owned the rights to the discovery would be raking in billions every year .
tr	NN	The Master has placed you in the penthouse , " she went on , as if my question hadn 't been asked .
tr	NNS	Perhaps the responsibilities of leadership are more than he can handle .
tr	NNS	" Where 's the credits , lady ? "
tr	NNS	Both suns were up now .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids snapped open and she sat up quickly .
tr	NNS	There were three rows of three buttons , but the buttons didn 't have numbers inscribed on them .
tr	NNS	A few tiny items of jewellery languished at the bottom of the box , along with a large quantity of copper coins , with the odd silver .
tr	NNS	Nostalgia billowed through Karen , her movements saturated with it as she carefully set the picture back on the mantel .
tr	NN	The captain took the shawl from Cole , shook it out , and held it up .
tr	NNS	Moses isn 't interested in talking .
tr	NNS	The mothers waved them away .
tr	NN	While you may rightfully see him as intruding upon the business of others , his intent is good .
tr	NN	Sweat and dirt everywhere . "
tr	NNS	Council members nod in agreement .
tr	NN	The coughing starts , then the sobbing .
tr	NN	The landing had been surprisingly soft and squishy -- not to mention the fall hadn 't even been that long .
tr	NNS	Romulus kept moving down the wall , picking away ice with his nose close to the bricks .
tr	NNS	The edges of her green eyes have a lot of smile lines .
tr	NNS	The healers said complete bed rest .
tr	NN	" Your mum says you 've finally come of age , " said gran , sitting back and crossing her hands on her lap .
tr	NN	Any injury you suffer in your dreams will appear as the remnants of an old injury in the morning .
tr	NNS	The ruins were immense .
tr	NNS	Only the loyal goons would dare to show up here . "
tr	NN	A buttercup yellow creation with more ribbons , bows and sequined rose appliques than anyone should wear in an entire lifetime .
tr	NNS	Shrewd wrestling fans , used to being played , immediately suspected that the whole thing was fishy .
tr	NN	The gap between the little boy and the car had closed .
tr	NN	A thrill went through Spencer .
tr	NN	Presently the landlord was describing the kitchen as " cosy and convenient for modern living " .
tr	NNS	Jumping the small gap , the last two gang members grabbed the gangway 's hand rail and ran up the steps .
tr	NNS	Alexis ruled that Victoria could remain in the mansion under their protection , but Xavier was solely responsible for her .
tr	NNS	Exhibiting their wealth convinced others of his success , which helped build his credibility and bring him new investors , which in turn brought him more success .
tr	NN	The dock was crazy .
tr	NN	A snout tip , no bigger than a pencil eraser , surfaced and sucked the unfortunate bug inwards .
tr	NNS	My grandparents started to say goodbye , so I moved to the side .
tr	NN	" Tell me how you feel , " the therapist says .
tr	NNS	Her movements were perfect , having grace and technique , dancing with both male and female partners .
tr	NNS	The ladies in each case were pleasant enough , but there 'd been no spark .
tr	NN	The silk robe sways teasingly , revealing the barest glimpse of her sumptuous ass .
tr	NNS	There are handlers in their stiff white coats , but they 're not alone .
tr	NN	As men came running out of the burning warehouse , another observer hid in the shadows and watched the chaos .
tr	NNS	There were no footprints , the leaves were still again , but I walked forward without thinking .
tr	NNS	His instincts wouldn 't allow him to settle , focusing instead on the person who was continuing to follow him .
tr	NN	His rebuke silenced me , mostly from surprise .
tr	NNS	The fellow travelers headed towards the car parked by the entrance , two pairs of alert eyes watching their every move .
tr	NNS	RG members , I thought , trying to keep the city 's supernaturals safe .
tr	NN	The black tuxedo -- one of Ferrero 's own , if I had to guess -- fit his frame perfectly .
tr	NN	The screechy plant wiggled and bobbed .
tr	NN	A petite redhead interrupted the awkward moment as she joined them in the kitchen .
tr	NNS	Why did teachers have to do this ?
tr	NNS	There was nothing menacing about Melanie 's aura .
tr	NN	This diary had led her to William .
tr	NNS	The sheer strangeness of it catches me off-guard .
tr	NN	" Fifty years ago , no American high school teacher would have mentioned the taxes .
tr	NN	" Perhaps not , " the inspector said .
tr	NNS	His creature comforts were minimal as he spent most of his time on the road recapturing convicts from Colorado to Idaho .
tr	NN	His first loyalty is to my uncle .
tr	NN	The dragon held up his hands .
tr	NNS	It was why , I became convinced , the artists responded so strongly to her .
tr	NNS	Despite the anger in his voice , his directness is like a cool , sweet breeze after all these months of calculated political talk .
tr	NNS	Sadness haunted his eyes like it had when I first came back .
tr	NNS	In this case , tickets issued to Ray wouldn 't mention Kathleen , so I did this search on the last name alone .
tr	NN	The tail would skewer him .
tr	NNS	" Dogs ! " )
tr	NNS	" The Jets didn 't beat you four by much .
tr	NN	Undead were swarming the parking lot , filtering through abandoned cars by the dozens .
tr	NNS	Rush 's letters had been her lifeline to sanity .
tr	NNS	Closer and closer his pursuers sounded .
tr	NNS	Others will assist the civilians within our base through our tunnels and into the free lands .
tr	NNS	There 're trains everywhere , and a few people loading luggage or refueling or just walking around checking on things .
tr	NNS	Shooting wary glances at the pistol , the pirates departed the room with haste , and Maggie shut the door behind them .
tr	NN	A thin curl of smoke rose lazily upwards , disappearing into the midday sky .
tr	NN	If you return you may end up in debtor jail from what I hear , " the captain countered .
tr	NN	The phoenix wasn 't exactly subtle .
tr	NNS	Things like marriage ... He grunted softly .
tr	NN	In terms of its architecture the museum reminded the boys of the ancient Chinese Imperial palaces .
tr	NN	Love stepped out of the lift , took a few steps , and through the door leading into the underground car park .
tr	NN	The flowers ' fragrance set an irresistible ambiance for a romantic southern evening .
tr	NNS	Bold letters read , " A New World Just for You !
tr	NN	The mass of long black hair fell to either side of her .
tr	NN	No unit ever offers up their top performers .
tr	NNS	Folks around here know my connection to you . "
tr	NNS	The servants were happy .
tr	NN	The bullet had made a clean entry and exit .
tr	NNS	" This species came from an entirely different environment . "
tr	NNS	But Danika 's living arrangements weren 't the only unusual thing about her .
tr	NN	Love cannot be blind ... being blind is never ideal ... humans cannot be akin to puppy love .
tr	NNS	The movements outside were so familiar , men running in formation and soldiers sparring .
tr	NN	Their late arrival disturbed the contemplative mindset sisters aspired to achieve during service ; sister Joseph didn 't say anything but frowned , displeased .
tr	NNS	The cousins knew exactly what the sign meant !
tr	NNS	As soon as the people saw Thomas healthy and walking about , the rumours would die .
tr	NN	But his portfolio wasn 't his main concern at the moment .
tr	NNS	Images shifted in my brain .
tr	NNS	Things had changed between us in a matter of hours .
tr	NNS	Like those of my cooks , her skills were often underutilized .
tr	NNS	Her Black Jewels looked as if she 'd drained most of the reserve power in them .
tr	NN	The back yard is about the size of Gramps ' house .
tr	NN	A blush stained Dad 's cheeks .
tr	NN	The werewolf slammed me to the ground , knocking my head against the cement .
tr	NN	Love continued to eat his lunch .
tr	NN	Just then , Lori 's twin came over to save him .
tr	NNS	Air users helped freeze water summoned by water users .
tr	NN	That bastard was going to rip Warrior 's wings off like she was a fly . "
tr	NNS	" Things have been great for three years now .
tr	NNS	The diverse effects that could flow from this are difficult to anticipate .
tr	NNS	His suits lined one side .
tr	NN	The captain pulled a pocket watch from his vest pocket .
tr	NN	" Hey , Colt , your mic 's not on , " the lead singer said to the guitarist .
tr	NNS	And her instincts , although they always strove to do the right thing , had often led her into trouble .
tr	NN	The warrior pitched forward and lay immobile on the floor , but Rafe did not need to wait to see the outcome .
tr	NNS	The flight attendants float down the aisle like guardian angels .
tr	NN	There was a cream colored house directly across the street that looked similar .
tr	NN	The young commander shrugged .
tr	NNS	More new creatures to contend with .
tr	NN	The cottage was alone in the woods .
tr	NN	Well ... reddish brown . "
tr	NN	Her guilt was vanishing .
tr	NNS	Have you any other suspects than myself ? "
tr	NNS	Two immediate possibilities sprang to mind .
tr	NN	The electricity pulsed between my skin and his fingers wildly .
tr	NNS	Girls flutter their eyelashes , flick their hair , and skim their eyes through the people to find a guy to take home .
tr	NN	Once he was finished , the footman put the salt cellar back in the middle of the table and then returned to his post beside the wall .
tr	NNS	The passengers were in awe of the beauty of this spot .
tr	NN	My dread of failing notwithstanding , the thought of letting Carlos down I feared would crush me .
tr	NNS	Only the attendants were present it seems . '
tr	NNS	The blood drinkers were in flames , dying , caught in a hideous dance with twisted arms and legs .
tr	NN	He bent , nipped the tip of her shoulder blade .
tr	NN	Death , at least , was a concept ; it was a part of life , however strangely unknown .
tr	NN	A jealous leader of another tribe , might try to kill her , then their Holy Woman would have the most power .
tr	NNS	There were Halloween costumes and wizard hats .
tr	NNS	Moses agreed , and proceeded to read the script , although he kept getting distracted and had to be directed back to the paper .
tr	NNS	" But the creatures that attacked our soldiers were Persian bogey beasts .
tr	NN	A sob rose , and she sank back in her chair .
tr	NNS	Flowers were beginning to bloom .
tr	NN	There were also a more elves to be seen in this region .
tr	NNS	Things have changed over the years and she will need training to survive the matches .
tr	NN	The second agent walked to the table and sat down across from Carlos , Kendall and Logan .
tr	NNS	Gorgeous , heavy , warm .
tr	NNS	The gangs were brutally efficient as Brazen expected .
tr	NN	The policeman grunted and poked at the surgeon 's handiwork for a moment , then looked back at the priest with a concerned frown .
tr	NN	Their leader , Tonya Welton , had taken an interest in New Law robots .
tr	NN	The dwarf 's tunic flared and the dwarf dropped in his tracks .
tr	NN	An enclosed golf cart waited below .
tr	NN	The real agony is a hundred times stronger than that whisper .
tr	NN	The tip of his nose brushes up my neck followed by soft , sweet kisses until his lips linger just below my ear .
tr	NNS	The only signs that Avery had been there were the slight indent on the pillow beside him and the lingering scent of her perfume .
tr	NN	But hey , coming from Singapore , do you speak Melayu ? "
tr	NN	The endless sweep of the desert clashed with the sealed space of the underground .
tr	NN	After the funeral , the tribe considered the sick individual to be spiritually dead .
tr	NN	Suddenly the shoreline fell away to the west .
tr	NNS	Ari bent forwards , too , his forearms resting on his knees , his gaze locked on the amber eyes shining up at him .
tr	NNS	Fat raindrops began to fall on the hot tub , first slowly , and then fast and steady .
tr	NN	The intent was clear in Coral 's face .
tr	NN	The sergeant had already drawn his gun when two sheriff 's deputies ' cars arrived on the scene and parked nearby .
tr	NN	An old crystal chandelier hung above , covered in dust .
tr	NNS	The republican institutions of our country have produced simpler and happier manners than those which prevail in the great monarchies that surround it .
tr	NNS	" GPR scans show this is the closest access point to the plug blocking the geothermal vent below .
tr	NNS	More loud thumps and a few more shattering sounds echoed ; then everything fell quiet once more .
tr	NNS	Those satellites control the most deadly defence system ever devised ; it makes all conventional warfare obsolete .
tr	NNS	And vamps were always about power .
tr	NN	" Dreams can be real scary sometimes , " her grandmother said gently , continuing to stroke Karen 's brow .
tr	NN	His concept of love will never be clear .
tr	NNS	Lives are enlarged in different ways .
tr	NN	" The sheriff at that time demanded they did not go but couldn 't lock them all up .
tr	NNS	Elias smiled at Connor .
tr	NN	The roar was deafening , even inside the bridge , as one plane after another roared down the deck .
tr	NN	There was hesitation and then one of the onlookers tossed his own knife underhanded .
tr	NN	" It 's Bob , " whispered Susan placing her slender , blue veined palm over her heart .
tr	NNS	The elves made not a single sound .
tr	NNS	A crashing sound downstairs announced the arrival of the rest of The Band .
tr	NN	" Why would this senator and his wife invite me out for a drink ? "
tr	NN	There was never a lack for food and there was never a lack of appetite .
tr	NN	Fighting nausea , no doubt from the grease I 'd consumed , I took deep breaths and swallowed almost non-stop .
tr	NNS	The back seats in the extended cab were also full of suitcases and crates .
tr	NN	The policeman was clawing at her and trying to pin her down .
tr	NNS	" What are your objections to moving in ? "
tr	NN	The sheriff aimed again .
tr	NNS	The two remaining wolves opened fire , shooting off round after round in all directions , desperate to kill their attackers .
tr	NNS	Others , like Hewitt , hunt us . "
tr	NNS	Very few aliens linked to violent crimes ever lived long enough to gloat .
tr	NN	Not only was the ruling unjust , but it seemed suicidal .
tr	NN	The second ( and final ) confirmation was the failed mission to investigate the Gate in the planet below .
tr	NN	Once more her peer 's assessment of the situation impressed her .
tr	NN	Her robe ended below her knees , revealing toned calves and long legs .
tr	NNS	There were several letters , texts and phone calls with Lillian .
tr	NN	Against the rear wall , there was an altar , a simple table with a picture mounted above it .
tr	NN	My priest only looks like Padre Pio .
tr	NN	There was no mistaking the smell of gunpowder as pandemonium erupted and more shots rang out .
tr	NN	Side by side , holding hands , they bent their knees and jumped , effortlessly coordinated , almost a single creature .
tr	NN	But her specialty was Bronze Age Greece which had been ancient history even in Julian 's time .
tr	NN	' Rachel , what the f - ? '
tr	NNS	But these creatures were eaters of meat ; they did not forage for food from forest plants .
tr	NN	Suffice to say , my intent was no more pure than smoke .
tr	NNS	The pupils smiled apologetically , covering their lips to suppress laughter .
tr	NNS	The villagers just watched him go , speechless .
tr	NNS	Television is powerful and the pictures would have left an indelible image for many : hazard , reeds , touch = 2 shot penalty .
tr	NNS	My movements felt forced and unnatural as I walked to my stool .
tr	NNS	These differences proved to have a profound impact upon the opinions of those around them , manifesting themselves in the form of many inequities .
tr	NN	When it comes to human creation , science pulls us in the Darwin direction while creationism pulls us in the God direction .
tr	NN	The radiation didn 't seem to affect Walker , either .
tr	NN	The stench of rotten blood and musky Cane flooded his nostrils .
tr	NNS	Other than our Miss Kate , there are hardly any virgins left in New York anyway . "
tr	NN	The United Nations ' lack of action is what prompts countries like North Korea to brag about a nuclear warhead that can reach New York City .
tr	NN	The golden aura of the ancient fae grew brighter as the battle raged .
tr	NN	Phase One , which is just being completed , is in the center of the complex .
tr	NN	The policeman was on the pavement , a large pool of blood forming around him .
tr	NN	Your goddess is much older and though not of this land , you could ask her for help but you do not , why ? "
tr	NN	Sleep and dream of a new future , because tomorrow night it begins .
tr	NNS	" Sir , those surroundings will almost certainly mark your return from your last exit of the contest .
tr	NNS	There were chains bolted to the wall .
tr	NN	There was a hover and two air barges , which the inhabitants must 've used to transport goods and passengers .
tr	NN	The small brunette was nearly skipping , shopping bags twirling in each hand .
tr	NN	" Because it swivels , " he was saying , " there 's an assembly of about seventeen pieces under the hood holding it on .
tr	NN	The author also serves as co-editor at Kind of a Hurricane Press .
tr	NNS	The buyers insisted on keeping the location secret until the trucks reached Tampa , which opened up the possibility of a double-cross .
tr	NN	There was a TV with satellite channels , there was a well-stocked kitchen , and there was the biggest bed Taro had seen outside a love hotel .
tr	NN	The glide of him in and out as they moved in tandem felt too good , even more than before against the door or the tile wall .
tr	NNS	Computer terminals are sparking and smoking .
tr	NN	The Zen master tells us that an omnipresent idea can be hidden by its own omnipresence - the forest lost among the trees .
tr	NN	The blue liquid stopped writhing and became clear .
tr	NN	The hospital aid leads the doctor to the young man 's friends in the overcrowded emergency room lobby , which has reached a state of chaos .
tr	NNS	There are creatures of all kinds that live in the tunnel .
tr	NN	The wolf 's tail hung flat behind him , the way it did when he was anxious .
tr	NNS	The tests went well that day , which was a good thing , because Caroline was in a daze .
tr	NNS	And sure , another few inches of height meant Kylie would look thinner .
tr	NN	The pilot tried to resist a smile .
tr	NNS	More rumbling and a moment later he said , " No , no shots were tired , by anyone .
tr	NNS	His old clients were quite loyal and as long as cost effectiveness was guaranteed , the clients were satisfied and loyal .
tr	NN	" The monsters are gathering , " the werewolf continued , as if I hadn 't even spoken .
tr	NNS	Maris and him on the day they made the tryouts .
tr	NNS	But virgins were pretty much the least sexy things ever .
tr	NNS	Things seemed so simple when he was sparring .
tr	NNS	" The suites will be perfect .
tr	NN	" My uncle runs a campground that has vacancies right now .
tr	NNS	Aurelius seemed to be my only champion in this cause and he was waging a hopeless war .
tr	NN	The Amazon warrior grabbed Monika and she barely struggled as the woman dragged her back .
tr	NN	The sergeant 's voice beginning to fill with anger .
tr	NNS	Things have happened too fast for her , when I should have taken it slow , but my feelings are real .
tr	NNS	The footprints were everywhere .
tr	NN	His conflicted persona definitely made him popular with women .
tr	NN	On it was projected a map of the world with little multi-colored dots freckled everywhere .
tr	NN	The tip scraped across the armor , failing to penetrate .
tr	NN	" The captain tells me you haven 't been able to eat anything . "
tr	NNS	The goons led me to a bench and cuffed me to the backrest facing center court .
tr	NNS	Their work schedules played hell with their social calendar .
tr	NNS	The wolves walked through a veil of snowy black pines , and entered an ice cave .
tr	NN	The stench of death hung in the air like a fog .
tr	NNS	Things went a lot smoother when I didn 't have to picture all the ways the plane could fall out of the sky .
tr	NN	" Love ... being ... inside ... you ... " He plunged into her body with each word and pulled out between each breath .
tr	NN	The entire concept of war boggled her mind .
tr	NN	The dizziness of the spinning sky changed , as the Glimpse took hold .
tr	NNS	" Folks back in Eclipse Bay always said that you were a different kind of Madison . "
tr	NNS	The joys of being able to see the future of thousands of creatures I guess .
tr	NNS	" No apologies necessary when a lady looks this beautiful at two in the afternoon . "
tr	NNS	A few strands fluttered around her face and Nick resisted the urge to catch them and tuck them behind her ear .
tr	NNS	" Special fluids for replacing electrolyte loss .
tr	NNS	Her movements were jerky , almost robotic , as she finally pushed away from the barre and put her hand in his .
tr	NN	But that stroke of luck did not repeat .
tr	NNS	" The Others are a more violent , more barbarous race .
tr	NNS	Cars are flying by us now .
tr	NNS	His pupils dilated and Willow felt an overwhelming urge to kiss him .
tr	NN	The opening routine was always the same .
tr	NN	Love was love ; there was no spell to cure a broken heart that did not also destroy that heart 's capacity for love forever .
tr	NNS	On the ground floor there were rows of matching glass doors that surely flooded the rooms behind them with sunlight .
tr	NN	There is a gentleman for you .
tr	NN	There was the passion he wanted to see .
tr	NNS	The wolves call to one another in joy .
tr	NN	Her bike was also black , waiting on a new paint job .
tr	NNS	The designs were typical of the flash found on the walls of tattoo parlors all over the city .
tr	NN	" My reputation doesn 't need saving . "
tr	NN	Lie to her face again and again and again .
tr	NN	More momentum ... just ... try faster .
tr	NNS	Her tits were just fine for her body .
tr	NNS	Lots of people talked about forgiveness , but Daddy lived it every day of his life .
tr	NN	" Yes , yes , of course , " the fellow said , then pulled a small device from his pocket and whispered into it .
tr	NN	In the summertime a full flowering of day lilies surrounded it , but now the dark green foliage was low and flat .
tr	NN	" I 'm sure she doesn 't , " her tutor said warmly .
tr	NN	She reached out and touched her sister 's hand , a tender gesture she hadn 't made in years .
tr	NN	Part of me never wanted this day to come .
tr	NN	The cow is agitated , constantly bumping her hind against the wood guard across her enclosure .
tr	NN	Carter 's wife Marie , who sat beside him , smiled , doing her best to contain her joy .
tr	NN	" There 's no wine cellar , Cathy .
tr	NNS	The lotus flowers float limply as the water level sinks , their pale pink petals stained brown from mud .
tr	NNS	Wendell wheeled himself toward the elevator as fast as he could , his nurses trailing .
tr	NN	Its tail hisses derision , a soft wet sound of rotten meat parting .
tr	NNS	The nurses had them dried for you . "
tr	NNS	Your actions have not . "
tr	NNS	And his little cronies make sure he doesn 't work .
tr	NNS	The dollar signs she 'd seen from the first mention of his name started to float out to sea .
tr	NN	My book tour lasted nearly three months .
tr	NNS	Pastries stuffed with cream , cookies dusted with sugar , and chocolate , chocolate , chocolate beckoning to her everywhere .
tr	NNS	Eventually those pirates were going to completely drive us away from this water source .
tr	NNS	Her pancakes just smell incredible . "
tr	NNS	All these new ideas can only give you brain damage .
tr	NNS	Things you definitely can 't learn through reading email or spying in coffee shops .
tr	NNS	But that night , the cards didn 't seem to soothe Julia 's mind .
tr	NN	A livestock smell that Altair thought was more human than animal .
tr	NN	A chorus joined in , followed by , " High Priestess Brin !
tr	NN	" We can only attempt , " the captain suggested .
tr	NN	With that , the hatch hissed shut and she was alone .
tr	NN	The dispirited droop of his shoulders eloquently foreshadowed his answer .
tr	NNS	The marble floors glisten mutely in the sunlight and are covered with woven rugs .
tr	NNS	Wish lists for research projects change daily at the whim of the head researcher depending on what they decide to do in the labs .
tr	NN	Greg 's uncle was nowhere to be found , but his horses were .
tr	NNS	My defenses were down ; I didn 't even try to blend into my surroundings .
tr	NNS	But there are other factors that need to be considered .
tr	NNS	" Things belong in their proper place . "
tr	NN	Their friend Bobcat was dragging sacks of coins out of the tent .
tr	NNS	Flames shot around the glass .
tr	NN	The government 's still talking to itself about whether to do a full scale vaccination program .
tr	NNS	al ' Thor asked .
tr	NNS	The floors rang with a hollow sound as they walked .
tr	NN	My pulse spiked from the way his sexy Southern accent emphasized my name , caressing my nerve endings .
tr	NNS	Maybe some aliens landed in our bathroom to take a shit and then asked us : " Hey guys !
tr	NN	Major Bill Clayton and his wife Catherine watched in disbelief as Britain 's most senior civil servant squeezed himself into the battered and ancient Citroën 2CV van .
tr	NN	The heap lunged at the hat .
tr	NN	Notify my secretary of your address and I 'll have your belongings delivered . "
tr	NN	Her hair had lost its shine and it was cut short , hacked was a better description .
tr	NNS	" There are two empty seats over there .
tr	NN	My stomach snarled , the hunger ascended to the point where every thought was diverted to putting food in my mouth .
tr	NN	The dreadful tournament was over at last .
tr	NN	His reputation in Idris wasn 't exaggerated .
tr	NN	The lead guitarist was shorter , more muscular , with a girlfriend whose cooking skills were top-notch .
tr	NN	A secretary came scuttling past .
tr	NN	The master has no desire to be disturbed this afternoon by anyone . "
tr	NNS	A few containers of garlicky hummus and pillowy pita completed the nosh .
tr	NN	A crate of computers didn 't whisper for a bathroom , after all .
tr	NNS	Names , characters , businesses , places , events and incidents are either the product of the author 's imagination or used in a fictitious manner .
tr	NN	Reality came sharply back into focus .
tr	NNS	And one more thing Billy , you really need to do a better job of appreciating those who care !
tr	NN	The institution was interesting , and he liked to study the general notion of fidelity from afar .
tr	NN	Just the yard guy here with his snowplow . "
tr	NNS	" And the consequences are ? "
tr	NNS	There were nods , murmurs of confusion , and just plain blank faces in the audience .
tr	NNS	Odysseus couldn 't rid himself of the fear that it would be needed .
tr	NN	The art festival . "
tr	NNS	The garage apartments and pool house survived and Billy 's been living on the boat since this all happened . "
tr	NNS	The chopper blades were spinning , but the whole world was standing still as I told her , " I just did . "
tr	NN	Oh my God , the same freaking cuff Vulcan had in the class !
tr	NNS	The images were of exceptional quality -- yet another prototype they were testing .
tr	NNS	Flowers will come late Friday and the caterers will be there on Saturday .
tr	NN	" No more marathon metaphors . "
tr	NN	But now , the balance of power is completely off because I want this with a desperation that puts too much out of my control .
tr	NN	The official announcement here is it was an alien attack .
tr	NN	" My attorney says I don 't have to let you into my private appointments .
tr	NN	There was only one option for Jedi Master Obi-Wan Kenobi to take .
tr	NN	His annoyance and impatience were evident as he stared hard at her , hoping that his military cold look would cause her to cave .
tr	NN	There was still poverty , but people weren 't starving to death on the streets .
tr	NN	The bearded hunter would try to pick out which rocks were actually rocks and which ones were monsters .
tr	NNS	Some chips of the remaining paint dangled in the webs , wrapped in cocoons as though they were prey .
tr	NNS	" Or maybe aliens abducted her . "
tr	NN	The accent intrigued Caroline and she wanted to hear more .
tr	NNS	Looks like we got us a cluster blooming here .
tr	NNS	Their ancestors were the founding fathers of the town actually .
tr	NNS	In fact , Chrissie 's accusations were an eerie echo of the things she 'd said to her own father .
tr	NNS	What are the facts ? '
tr	NN	According to her , poker was fun , exciting , and of course , profitable .
tr	NN	" Yesterday the racquet slipped out of your hand once , Scott .
tr	NNS	The effects were clear to see in the way she moved .
tr	NNS	Six deaths , all women , and they all cut their wrists in the bath . '
tr	NN	A small spark remained in its head , but it did not move further .
tr	NN	The newbie is actually breaking a rule ? "
tr	NN	" There just isn 't any other explanation of the facts . "
tr	NN	Suddenly a spotlight shone on her seat in the back of the auditorium and two burly security guards appeared just behind her .
tr	NNS	Her wrists tingled from being tied , but that wasn 't the only part of her that was tingling .
tr	NNS	The images of the murder itself were very detailed , unlike anything her imagination could conjure up .
tr	NN	A teacher came and to explain about the " shuffling . "
tr	NN	Part of him had even recognized the man .
tr	NNS	The floors appeared to give an extra squeak when I ran over them , as if the uneven boards were greeting my stay .
tr	NNS	The creatures that had been unconscious slowly came to .
tr	NNS	His hopes faded a bit when he found the power was just as slippery as before .
tr	NNS	The effects will vanish over time on their own . "
tr	NN	The next sequence they had played at least ten times as it happened so quickly .
tr	NNS	" Lots of corn grown here for the poultry business .
tr	NN	The arrival of the Cajun instantly dissipated the conversation .
tr	NN	A passenger was missing .
tr	NNS	His actions caused one of the Protector 's arms to stretch out to one side .
tr	NNS	' There are no cameras or anything . '
tr	NNS	Lights on upstairs , well , that was a relief .
tr	NNS	Four figures were crossing the open field to the house .
tr	NNS	These scraps of paper had small details of his family 's life scribbled on them .
tr	NN	As the last word left his lips , the catapulted crate crashed to the floor behind him .
tr	NN	The dwarf cleared the table and scurried off to the kitchen .
tr	NNS	" Things didn 't end well for them . "
tr	NN	The loyalty of a demon is uncertain at best .
tr	NN	The keg , of course , bobbed and dunked him into the water with a delightful splash .
tr	NNS	' Where you 're concerned , lady , all my techniques go right out of the window . '
tr	NNS	Images of Marshall walking out to greet me just yesterday with that towel wrapped loosely around his waist flooded my thoughts .
tr	NN	" No wonder they invited you , " his uncle said at his side as he read over Jake 's shoulder .
tr	NNS	His actions tonight proved it .
tr	NNS	The ladies and Jason were fine , but Bruce ... oy vey .
tr	NNS	And five frogs in the shape of a pentagram spat water at him .
tr	NNS	At many points , other actors would bumble their way onto the stage .
tr	NN	" And my lone , solitary little demand is - " " Demand ? "
tr	NNS	At my center , the teachers say just about everything in the world is okay in moderation and just about everything is dangerous in excess . "
tr	NNS	With his brothers in arms , he walked , talked , and breathed their motto , " That Others May Live . "
tr	NN	All my instincts about hiding the supernatural world kicked in .
tr	NNS	" The goblins don 't keep dogs .
tr	NN	Her condition might have been an indicator that the opponent was going to be dangerous .
tr	NN	But her ploy hadn 't worked .
tr	NN	" The surgery went well .
tr	NNS	" No abilities you can control .
tr	NN	The radio operator shook his head .
tr	NN	The fully stocked pantry contained all the missing ingredients that had made my college meals seem half-baked , pun intended .
tr	NNS	The metallic creatures came at me in the air , with a wild slash aimed at my midsection .
tr	NNS	Pistol shots came from both the bedroom and Rachel 's office ; then all hell broke loose again .
tr	NN	A trio of rotating circle lights stared at them .
tr	NNS	Returning trains would take part of his force east to Spokane where it would find transportation west toward Seattle .
tr	NNS	The young lovers were together again .
tr	NN	Painless lightning coursed through his body , and he wondered at it .
tr	NN	The bitch had tried to cut his dick off .
tr	NN	The transition to a new campaign manger has to be made without delay .
tr	NN	There was barely an inch separating us , and I had trouble focusing my thoughts .
tr	NNS	Regularly the resulting images don 't live up to her expectations .
tr	NNS	Big heavy sails held taut on enormous sailboats .
tr	NN	The inability to correct it instantaneously is what drives one almost insane .
tr	NN	Your uncle is still working on it .
tr	NNS	Cryptic graffiti decorated the walls .
tr	NNS	Except the cameras weren 't working for 20 minutes .
tr	NNS	The minds there are sick . "
tr	NN	But was her debt large enough to do what these people wanted and give up her life ?
tr	NN	" Gosh , I actual y sounded smart right then .
tr	NN	" And port is which side ? "
tr	NNS	Flames of hell will kill your target and anyone standing next to it . "
tr	NN	The flutter morphed into a flapping monsoon as I watched his smile fade from broad to slight and his gaze darken , intensify , and scorch .
tr	NN	Love , in it 's purest form is eternal and cannot be diluted of adjusted .
tr	NNS	She clung to his shoulders , her fingernails biting into his flesh as she matched his heat , her tongue duelling with his .
tr	NNS	Images of Italy flashed before her , all those places she had long wanted to visit .
tr	NN	A footman opened the carriage door .
tr	NNS	Those visitors are nobles .
tr	NNS	But , the other mothers and I have been preparing for this day .
tr	NNS	Any remaining reservations he 'd entertained since her mother 's retirement party disappeared .
tr	NNS	Others were around them , making the same dash for the safety of the ship .
tr	NNS	The images of the dying woman and the resounding echoes of his nightmares recurred .
tr	NNS	There are a great many preparations to be made for my wedding . "
tr	NN	The medic carefully pulled her toward the door .
tr	NN	My grandmother knocked on the door .
tr	NNS	Instead of heading out of the main exit , staff members walked towards openings on either side in , to Michaels 's eye , no particular arrangement .
tr	NN	A shuddering sob escaped me .
tr	NNS	Their tongues explored each other 's like a new world that had just been revealed to them .
tr	NN	Out of the tornado a red dragon attacked the mage .
tr	NNS	The lies were piling on top of her , and not for the first or last time , she regretted her decision .
tr	NN	" It doesn 't matter how hungry I might have been , my appetite simply disappeared the moment you entered the room .
tr	NN	Love rubbed his forehead .
tr	NN	" If he fails , and the Germans win , the government could fall .
tr	NNS	Mech wolves howled with glee .
tr	NN	Finished with the bandage , the medic collected her tools and moved to the next dwarf .
tr	NN	The soil was dark with nutrients , and a good size pile of rocks was off to the side .
tr	NNS	Maybe the cushions looked a bit off ?
tr	NN	The bullet ricocheted from the elevator doors with a metallic clang .
tr	NNS	But the tunnels crisscrossing under Delphic Amusement Park , echoing with rustling , whispered sounds , made him rethink .
tr	NNS	The creatures they 'd been fighting looked around in shock , growling and spitting .
tr	NN	' Oh , wonderful , ' Love said .
tr	NNS	Two and a half inches of sharp steel protruded from both sides .
tr	NN	" Not exactly true , " the seer responded .
tr	NNS	The twins didn 't get to see Mac or his mom often , although they had come to the U.S. to visit a couple of times .
tr	NN	Storm doubles over , laughing .
tr	NNS	The rows of shells were standing upright in the flatter and drier sections .
tr	NNS	The best lies always had a hint of truth .
tr	NN	But the illusion only worked on her outward appearance .
tr	NN	Each brush stroke seemed to strengthen his hope and desire to survive the suffering around him .
tr	NN	There is even a huge cable , with blinking lights , attached to a place between her horns .
tr	NNS	Dark spots began to blob in her vision , making it hard to see .
tr	NNS	The concepts stood quietly .
tr	NNS	Three drops of water landed in quick succession on my nose , then the rain began to fall .
tr	NNS	At least my cousins didn 't treat him any differently even though he was in a wheelchair .
tr	NN	But football and swimming dress out at the same time .
tr	NN	The African warrior was right .
tr	NN	their commander reminds them .
tr	NN	Then there 's a crash .
tr	NNS	His nurses greeted him .
tr	NNS	My dad 's antics were all that was needed to convince me that the Martian story was true .
tr	NNS	All the beautiful ladies , they call me Gio .
tr	NNS	" What the hell are summer Fridays ? "
tr	NNS	Most notable was the hammer and hand saw .
tr	NNS	Their hideous images were on countless structures .
tr	NNS	The dwarves ate and ate , and talked and talked , and time got on .
tr	NN	A soft blush tinged her cheeks .
tr	NNS	Strangers were on-site , prying into the latest killing , so lock the doors and say nothing .
tr	NN	The mayor finished quickly .
tr	NNS	His servants quickly loaded the airship and climbed into the forward cab .
tr	NNS	' The members of his own family support him , of course , and there are a few nobles who 've been profiting from his misrule .
tr	NNS	Things she knows ' bout .
tr	NN	A deep rumbling far beneath the ground shook them where they stood .
tr	NNS	The footsteps followed him for what felt like an age , but he just did not have it in him to turn .
tr	NN	" Yes , sure , for coyote , " agreed the hunter , his voice rough .
tr	NN	But just as we were about to start , there was a tap on my shoulder .
tr	NNS	Six generations had waged war against the immortals who had recently taken his wife and eldest son .
tr	NNS	" Most rats read .
tr	NN	The cleric took a few minutes to introduce Hal to the Council and bring them back to the topic at hand .
tr	NNS	Questions were hurling at us , but the cop started the car and drove away .
tr	NNS	Behind those rigid lists and schedules lurked a woman brimming with passion and fire .
tr	NNS	The quilted moss hugged the rock tightly , foolishly trying to avoid getting wet .
tr	NN	The teacher looked up , and so did everyone else in the room -- all of them zeroed in on her .
tr	NNS	Hands tightened around her arms , and she could not wrench herself free .
tr	NNS	" What of my family 's jewels ?
tr	NN	" Your absence will go undetected .
tr	NN	Tessa 's silverware clattered to her plate .
tr	NNS	Then his pupils dilated and he was dead .
tr	NN	If he hurried ahead , the scanner could lose its link , and he 'd have to search for it again .
tr	NNS	On their heads , black helmets sprouted black hair from the top .
tr	NN	An ornate wooden staircase promised to lead somewhere even more interesting .
tr	NN	What if his goal was to kill her , and he succeeded ?
tr	NN	Some idiot blindsided me . "
tr	NNS	Also the edges were still sharp and there was not the discoloration you get with very old bronzes .
tr	NN	" My grandmother was very proud of me , for everything that I did .
tr	NNS	The elevators were halfway down the hall .
tr	NN	Thinking of Tim in that way was the very last thing she would 've expected .
tr	NN	The investigator discovered there was no child and no medical record of there ever being a pregnancy let alone a birth .
tr	NN	Well , Chance did .
tr	NN	The fallen government kept most of the vampire locked up .
tr	NNS	Both experiences had left her ill-prepared to handle the sub-zero temperatures of a New England winter .
tr	NN	Her entire aura made men move toward her .
tr	NNS	The risks didn 't matter ; the consequences would be worth it .
tr	NNS	The images rushed him at once .
tr	NN	The roar she 'd heard , it had been her name .
tr	NNS	The movies she 'd seen since coming to the States were beginning to run together .
tr	NN	The leader took a pan flute from a pocket and played a song .
tr	NNS	How much farther is it to your sister 's country ? "
tr	NNS	Things got better financially .
tr	NNS	" All those meetings and such . "
tr	NNS	The travelers could do this indefinitely without any bad side effects .
tr	NNS	These visitors were free to walk the islands with no one bothering them or taking pictures .
tr	NNS	And the next three seats were empty , as was the seat meant for Shane .
tr	NN	The vicar dispatched one of his servants for the local doctor and another to carry William back to the cottage .
tr	NN	There was a slight hesitation .
tr	NN	Maybe never smiling is the trick to smooth skin .
tr	NN	The lane they moved down bustled with unsavoury figures .
tr	NN	The poker was bent at right angles .
tr	NN	Family loyalty came first , and loyalty to the Empire , which was the source of all good in the land of Lucia .
tr	NNS	The shouts behind her grew ; people were calling her name .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids opened more sluggishly with each blink .
tr	NNS	" Over 600 acres filled with people wandering off by themselves .
tr	NNS	But the other members in the unit had some blame to share as well .
tr	NNS	" And headaches , and aching muscles ... Sounds like we had it about the same .
tr	NN	If it makes you feel better the basic design evolved on its own .
tr	NNS	The gay couples in Luis 's circle never lasted longer than a few months .
tr	NN	Love was soft and cuddly like a cozy fleece blanket .
tr	NN	His beak and claws flew everywhere .
tr	NNS	The women were on the bow , watching dolphins swim alongside Teleport .
tr	NN	One time Caitlin was standing outside the window when Jonas tried to slip away .
tr	NN	This grievous hallucination , is my one desire .
tr	NN	The contract is for a year . "
tr	NN	" Move out , " the archer ordered .
tr	NN	" The route is clear for at least the next three days ' travel .
tr	NN	The design was flawless .
tr	NN	" It does not change anything I had told you , " the hermit spoke .
tr	NNS	Her aunts and uncles were nowhere to be seen , but the majority of her cousins , mostly the females , were in attendance .
tr	NNS	And now , all the wolves were intently focused on Bane , giving her no notice as they watched her captor with careful eyes .
tr	NNS	Finally , green hills appeared ahead , softened by the morning light .
tr	NN	The footmen , all vampires , helped him from his carriage , and Henri greeted him by the door .
tr	NNS	Nevertheless , there were a few villages where their appearance caused fear rather than joy .
tr	NN	The doorknob turned as if by some supernatural force .
tr	NN	The sergeant adopted his barking voice again , " Right !
tr	NN	When he gripped the loose end of the tablecloth and stood up , the wrapped toaster had become a rock in a makeshift sling .
tr	NN	Scotty deserved to celebrate his achievement , no matter how Alex felt about his own playing .
tr	NN	The sentence shakes me , jars me .
tr	NNS	Things like give me a nudge to notice something I should have seen .
tr	NN	How could a simple maid conduct espionage and rebellion ? "
tr	NNS	The drugs weren 't his .
tr	NN	Had the goblin pricked her with a poisonous needle ?
tr	NN	Until then , your grandmother was kind enough to say that we can stay with her . "
tr	NN	Lucian 's announcement brought a sudden clamor of speech from the crowd .
tr	NN	The Volvo 's bumper caught the immortal across the legs .
tr	NNS	Things had moved fast .
tr	NN	My adrenaline was now racing through my entire body .
tr	NNS	" Blood oaths are serious stuff . "
tr	NN	The new tenant says , " Sure , some help would be great .
tr	NNS	Here the drapes are farther apart , leaving a wide expanse of black wall .
tr	NN	The dragon was sitting in a large clearing .
tr	NNS	" Yes , the tentacles hardly spoiled it at all ! "
tr	NNS	Flames licked toward the sky .
tr	NNS	Some art galleries and private collectors will pay huge sums for a painting like this and don 't care how it is procured .
tr	NNS	Smells like a basement . "
tr	NN	The stench of burning fur drifted to me across the room , and Kenzie made a tiny gagging noise .
tr	NNS	Others are actively competing for the prize we are chasing .
tr	NNS	The abyss said so .
tr	NN	His absence each Tuesday night told her all she needed to know .
tr	NN	Then their downward momentum stopped , and she was flying sideways through the depths .
tr	NN	The clown raised the corners of his mouth in a mock smile .
tr	NN	Even the gas was a mystery .
tr	NNS	But explanations would be even more convoluted , so she decided to stop there .
tr	NN	" The pattern 's perfect . "
tr	NNS	Everywhere he touched , kissed , and nipped , thousands of tiny sparks burst under her skin , creating a terrible fire that refused to be quenched .
tr	NNS	Images of both my parents hovered in my mind .
tr	NN	When I shook my head , brushing his question off , a playful spark danced in his eyes .
tr	NNS	Besides rats deprived of food live longer than those who are overfed . "
tr	NN	A very strange , enchanted boy ... " Joshua joined in , his toddler voice faltering , then recovering .
tr	NNS	The sirens grew louder and several police cars and an ambulance skidded to a stop on the highway .
tr	NN	My unit charged them and the rest of Rupert 's horsemen rode back to the battle to help what remained of the King 's infantry .
tr	NN	The robe covered everything , but it was still weird for this guy I barely knew to be seeing me so casual .
tr	NNS	" You know , the insults are really only funny when they 're in text form . "
tr	NNS	Only a few modern hotels marred the quaint charm of the beautiful , historical city .
tr	NN	Lily was still running her bath , her velvet cloak thrown carelessly over the back of the stuffed armchair .
tr	NN	The elderly tourist angled forward with avid eyes while his wife clicked cell phone pictures of Area 51 memorabilia on the wall .
tr	NN	Jazz watched the numbers flash on the floor counter overhead .
tr	NN	How 's the young captain of yours ? '
tr	NNS	Three pairs of cat 's eyes glowed back at her , staring with a predator 's intense focus .
tr	NN	" Our House has been through hell recently , and the future isn 't looking much brighter .
tr	NN	The Black Gorilla Monster ain 't real and even if it was those men were looking to kill Carlton .
tr	NN	The maid dropped a ready curtsy .
tr	NNS	Her nostrils flared in rage and she grabbed his shirt in her fist .
tr	NN	That assessment seemed fair .
tr	NNS	Pack dynamics were fluid and only one constant remained : the weak fell below and the strong rose above .
tr	NN	The ploy to get them to shoot at each other had not worked .
tr	NNS	Large wooden signs warned of land mines in the soil between the two fences .
tr	NNS	Her sobs echoed in the forest .
tr	NN	Another roar of laughter died down , and Karen sighed , sipping from a mug of hot tea Aly had made her .
tr	NN	There was a certain payoff , a reward , when you felt like you were finally beginning to understand a complex and complicated idea .
tr	NNS	Things could be worse .
tr	NN	Caleb sucked his lower lip in , a nervous habit carried over from childhood .
tr	NN	" Brooke , there 's definitely a spark here .
tr	NN	Gone were the days of looting a dragon 's dungeon , as were the days of rushing to mine gold in the craziest of fashions .
tr	NN	The next exercise was a reverse of the cat routine .
tr	NNS	Apparently sports are a really big thing around here .
tr	NN	His funny little bike was still chained to the rack so he had to be around here somewhere .
tr	NNS	Those two abilities enable me to see many things .
tr	NNS	Her skills would help secure more thorough information than Quinn or Farley could get on their own .
tr	NNS	Three bronze bins in front of the perforated wall contained spherical white stones , each decorated with a small picture .
tr	NN	The duke turned to her , his eyes as black as his ring .
tr	NN	A derogatory whistle was about as much as she had received , but in the end it was all harmless and no-one got hurt .
tr	NN	" I have no intention of doing that , " Obi-Wan calmly explained .
tr	NN	The bitch picked the wrong person .
tr	NNS	Curious passersby peered in the window as renovations progressed .
tr	NN	She slowly sat up and hugged her knees , ducking her head and swiping her hands under her eyes , feeling mascara crusted around her lashes .
tr	NNS	African masks hung on the walls and beautiful rugs of intense red covered the shiny wood floor .
tr	NN	Vin 's own Push suddenly threw her backward , and she tumbled across the stones , skidding and sliding .
tr	NNS	There were a few texts discussing travel plans to Nisha 's party the week before , though nothing about a fake kidnapping .
tr	NNS	And fathers do not have sex with their daughters . "
tr	NNS	Believe me , there are millions of women who are that selfish . "
tr	NN	' They won 't come this way , ' the sergeant said .
tr	NN	A little trick I learned from a voodoo priestess in Africa . "
tr	NNS	Things were going ... well .
tr	NN	Her appeal , over that of the youngsters , was presumably an ability to buy dinner .
tr	NN	Here is my guess : as mankind was still recovering from the Great Dying , all continents were sparsely populated .
tr	NN	But my humble abode is at your service .
tr	NNS	His politeness and fluency continue to astound me .
tr	NNS	The enemy 's targeted movements across the grounds suggested they had had access to detailed maps of the complex .
tr	NNS	There were some shouts of approval , but most were silent , watching .
tr	NNS	Her creatures stepped back when she came toward me .
tr	NNS	His kisses were urgent , desperate .
tr	NN	" The prophecy was specific about one thing .
tr	NN	The staff briefing had been one of the liveliest since the police strike three years ago .
tr	NNS	His footsteps echoed in the silence and , startled , the girl raised her head , her eyes searching the gloom and struggling to focus .
tr	NNS	Words were tough to find .
tr	NN	A blush warmed her cheeks .
tr	NNS	The footsteps stopped right next to me , and I peered up into the shining sun that turned the person into a dark shadow .
tr	NNS	Led by Commander Wallace , the Day Soldiers have a plan in place to take the world back from the dead .
tr	NN	The rope snapped and Colton fell the last few feet to the ground .
tr	NN	The wicked gleam in his eye made me laugh too .
tr	NN	The condition was something Seven One had never exhibited before .
tr	NN	The second thug , Gino 's nephew Frankie , came out of the room behind them .
tr	NN	The Master has forbidden it from the first . "
tr	NN	" What is the general guidance on such matters ? "
tr	NN	the man chirped back at them , a panicked look beginning to appear on his face .
tr	NN	The trusting look she wore all afternoon fades and the brown flecks in her eyes darken .
tr	NNS	Too far from the river to return in the dark , the invaders set up a defensive perimeter using several buildings to wait out the night .
tr	NNS	So rats see them as stones .
tr	NN	The Master reached down and the soldier took something from his hand .
tr	NN	The magnitude of it left him feeling weak and humble .
tr	NNS	The mysteries of radio propagation within the concrete and metal of the silo gave her voice a better path to Graham 's radio somehow .
tr	NN	His spark dimmed alarmingly .
tr	NN	The magnitude of the words hung heavy in the air .
tr	NNS	In the halo around Kaleb more images precipitated out of the light .
tr	NNS	The cords in his neck stood out .
tr	NNS	The cage bars glowed blue and yellow as Haven and Bastian used their energies to heat the metal .
tr	NN	An occasional click and buzz of servos modulating the environment were the only intrusions .
tr	NNS	Many new possibilities will open up for us in twenty years . "
tr	NN	The captain was quick to answer , " An Arab was captured while fleeing from a destroyed American vehicle .
tr	NN	" Hey , " she final y said , unable to hold it back any longer .
tr	NNS	Images of his chiseled body urged her to glide her hands up his arms and around his broad shoulders .
tr	NNS	Cassius feels it , too .
tr	NNS	Questions raced through his mind about the American Dream .
tr	NN	The metal railing was hanging loose halfway down the steps and didn 't look safe .
tr	NNS	" Then when me and my parents were about to fly to Malta for our holidays these creatures attacked me .
tr	NN	Our convict thought that this sounded simple enough , so he got the book and read it .
tr	NN	A demon master worked a charm on her .
tr	NNS	But facts had always been her mainstay and her armor .
tr	NNS	All the expectant mothers in the birthing class were using it .
tr	NNS	Maybe my instincts were wrong -- which would be great .
tr	NNS	There , streetlights blaze all through the night .
tr	NNS	The mattress shifts as Mason 's weight distorts the surface .
tr	NNS	The ancestors would never think to search for the book at Max 's house .
tr	NN	' And the winner is ... ... ' paused .
tr	NNS	Tate 's antics did nothing to improve the humans ' esteem ; nor has the new mayor offered any help . "
tr	NN	There was another giggle , and a figure stepped forth from the darkness .
tr	NN	Courtney followed her grandmother , Leta and the others .
tr	NNS	The long rows of ancient books , scrolls , and parchments were hauntingly familiar .
tr	NN	One whirlwind almost catches him but thanks goodness he plays football and as well as he does .
tr	NNS	Her hands lay in her lap , wrists still bandaged .
tr	NN	She had always just assumed it was a European thing , the design meant nothing to her .
tr	NN	" Sometimes fiction is the best instructor for reality .
tr	NN	When guilt got too big to bear , oblivion looked like a good solution .
tr	NNS	" Rival claims to the Crown have caused wars before , Tavi .
tr	NNS	Squires took the next ten minutes and then Catfish for a nervy five .
tr	NNS	Small red triangles flashed onto their chests .
tr	NNS	The trusting creatures look to you !
tr	NNS	Those inches certainly added up .
tr	NN	The entry was slow and inexorable , a fine tremor spreading across her limbs .
tr	NN	Your grandma will be happy .
tr	NNS	Ric , " she said to her son , " there are platters of fruit and pastries inside .
tr	NNS	There are only a few creatures of Argus ' left but they are already rallying together to finish them off .
tr	NN	The dragon may have been waiting for them on the other side .
tr	NNS	While the human zombies ignored Ted 's presence entirely , the canine members of the zombie fraternity afforded him no such courtesy .
tr	NNS	Survival instincts shoved her mind past the pain in her head .
tr	NNS	Normally there were no parking spots and he ended up blocks away , but today Jeff pulled into the small parking lot near the renovated storefront .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids pried apart as a warrior she didn 't recognize stepped inside the bedroom .
tr	NNS	Her five pursuers were not far behind .
tr	NN	The drawbridge boomed down , and they clattered on across it into the castle 's main court .
tr	NNS	Jude and Sawyer 's sentences overlapped each other as they both turned to each other .
tr	NNS	Then began their trials and their tribulations , their real suffering , and their first concept of valor and sacrifice .
tr	NNS	Questions swirled in his mind that he had no answers for .
tr	NN	Yes , yes , master : give it back , eh ?
tr	NNS	Others are more emotionally agile and will hold out a little longer .
tr	NN	The shield was there , braided by the strength of two .
tr	NN	The measuring tape dangled just to his feet , where it stopped with his shoes .
tr	NN	Then he heard thunder rend the air and seconds later , lightning flashed through the room .
tr	NN	The sheriff informed Kathy that she would have to surrender Vivian 's jewelry , so that the judge could decide ownership .
tr	NN	My frustrated growl makes her jump back .
tr	NNS	" The meetings seem to chart arguments over the allocation of resources for a scientific project called " Adam " .
tr	NNS	The old wood floors creaked with every step , and I hoped Josie was right about her dad sleeping heavily .
tr	NN	The same blonde woman Luis had been with the night before .
tr	NN	A tremble passed through its small body , scattering dust from its dull green scales .
tr	NN	His growls rumbled hideous and loud , so that the forest creatures went silent , cowering in dens .
tr	NN	A Bastian tech gave Victor a handful of pictures .
tr	NNS	It had been opened , the locks scattered on the gravel , chains piled in what looked like a mass of frozen mercury .
tr	NNS	Five letters that could mean the death of someone I can 't possibly let go of -- dead or alive .
tr	NN	The government had made sure of that .
tr	NNS	However , a few snoring beggars littered the platform .
tr	NN	The hunger made it right .
tr	NN	His equipment will begin to arrive in a couple of days . "
tr	NN	The pen cracked in my hand .
tr	NN	Her first instinct was to sit up and cover herself , but only after slapping him .
tr	NNS	" There are wolves ? "
tr	NNS	The Phase Two trials had already started and were going excellently .
tr	NN	Finally , in front of us , through the warrior guards I saw a wall of people , shoulder to shoulder .
tr	NNS	Reyes was suddenly there , his arm around her waist keeping her upright .
tr	NNS	The countess failed the attempt , but it was fascinating , from a scientific standpoint .
tr	NN	The sedan swayed as Nadine accelerated through a right turn onto Hawthorn , followed by another right onto Pearl , in front of the hotel .
tr	NN	And then we ' l live forever . "
tr	NN	The elder stood up from his seat and walked down the pair of stairs that guided him down .
tr	NNS	The mounted animal masks on the walls vibrated .
tr	NN	Reality was much sweeter .
tr	NN	The mayor nodded and waved at my purse .
tr	NNS	Folks black and white have always suspected that our friend , the Pastor here , organized the drivers .
tr	NN	" I must ask you to leave now , " the captain insisted .
tr	NNS	The splashes of blue and white soothed me , and I realized that I was safe at Jo-Jo 's .
tr	NN	At the end of the year their unit was on top of the leader board by a good number of points .
tr	NNS	A few loud shouts rang out in the clearing , and Alejo muttered a very bad word .
tr	NNS	Yet , as he 'd begun to talk , Matisse 's instincts had proven correct .
tr	NN	A single bullet could make or break this battle .
tr	NN	His lazy Southern drawl was almost as deceptive as his stance was casual .
tr	NN	" The captain said not to touch anything and we didn 't . "
tr	NNS	My hackles went up .
tr	NNS	Those scenes were so elaborate and well-conceived that they seemed to be alive .
tr	NNS	The chants from the crowd won 't stop rattling around in my head .
tr	NN	The hook and shiv get sterilized in the fire , and I am ready .
tr	NN	How 's your appetite ?
tr	NNS	While many had been spared through evacuations and bomb shelters , hundreds of thousands of people died .
tr	NNS	Even two different trains on two different tracks could reach the same destination , as long as they kept moving .
tr	NNS	My in-laws weren 't big on news , not when a hockey game was on .
tr	NN	Each dwarf carried a large black pack on his back and held a lance in front of him .
tr	NN	The steak of light hits my heart when I see colors of yellow , orange , and then pink .
tr	NNS	Names , characters , places , and events are the product of the authors imagination .
tr	NN	The phantom concert venue disappeared and was replaced by a throne room .
tr	NNS	The earl stood at the head of a phalanx of knights , their helmets pulled low , their horses stamping the ground and their lances upright .
tr	NNS	Probably just some traders or travelers passing through .
tr	NNS	The flags flutter in the wind and spook the wolves , so they stay away .
tr	NN	The vendor was squealing like a pig .
tr	NN	Right before her shift one day , a DEA agent busted a customer for cramming pot into a box of cookies and sweatshirts .
tr	NN	So the consensus was that I was just supposed to forget that a deranged vampire was stalking me , intent on my death .
tr	NN	Because suddenly , the loud shriek of a car horn blasted into my ears .
tr	NN	Her decline tried Conway 's new resolve more than any argument .
tr	NNS	The servants were no better .
tr	NN	There 's a predator out there , and we need to find it .
tr	NN	Her personality started to strip a few gears , dragging her down a dangerous slope .
tr	NN	When the light disappeared , a leopard remained .
tr	NN	His chief secretary had left a scrap of paper listing the day 's schedule .
tr	NN	" Last year 's winner sold her fellowship project for one million dollars .
tr	NNS	Both concepts looked at each other before saying the same thing : " Karma . "
tr	NN	" Julie is with a client , " the receptionist said .
tr	NNS	Somehow , the drops disappeared before they reached him .
tr	NN	A large panel in the floor of the cabin slid away , revealing the ocean beneath them .
tr	NN	The bullet had only grazed him , enough to draw blood and hurt like hell .
tr	NNS	Because of us , millions will live their lives before the Ice Lord returns .
tr	NNS	Things have not been great with Herr 'D on .
tr	NN	" There was a pigeon that got up too early this morning . "
tr	NNS	Magic flares interfere exactly when Ganymede makes another attack and their intensity is just the one needed to neutralize them !
tr	NN	Or if you do the cooking thing , there 's a market just east of where you turned off to find the lodge . "
tr	NN	The surgeon found his landmark points on the surface itself , and then placed his electrodes in the substance of the brain .
tr	NN	The trick was to know when to stop ... to pull back .
tr	NN	Who is this idiot , Jess ?
tr	NNS	More supplies than Dan ' r could remember having in years .
tr	NNS	Dire wolves are more intelligent than normal wolves , but these seemed even more intelligent than the average dire wolf .
tr	NNS	" But the media 's always going on about deforestation .
tr	NN	My mistress would not be happy if she didn 't get the soul .
tr	NNS	Cassius leaned back , as though Sanya 's hand might burn him , and hissed , " I will eat your eyes . "
tr	NN	He didn , t quite understand .
tr	NNS	Even before the echoes of breaking glass had died , figures in black uniforms were swarming through the window .
tr	NN	Holy fucking Christ this is going from bad to worse .
tr	NN	That notion made Logan 's chest tighten .
tr	NNS	Words are harder to find and the sweat breaks out all over .
tr	NN	Love watched as Stuart replaced his phone in his back pocket .
tr	NNS	The satellites on Little Boy allowed me to strengthen your lab 's signals to run DNA searches in space .
tr	NNS	My efforts could easily pass for an ant colony after rocket missile attack .
tr	NN	The sergeant made no comment as he scanned the papers .
tr	NNS	Wires are hanging haphazardly , chandeliers look hauntingly gaunt and skeletal as they hang limply in the air .
tr	NNS	But these typically exciting rites of passage meant shit to me .
tr	NN	One braided rope , tinged with yellow , swings out .
tr	NN	Still , a prison was a prison no matter how we pretended otherwise .
tr	NNS	Hands that are so much more steady than mine are on any given day of the week .
tr	NN	Hanging in silence , the captured ninja cannot decide what to say .
tr	NNS	Girls milled around , the hallways filled with giggling and the scent of perfume .
tr	NN	The captain of the vessel would have helped her unless something spooked her .
tr	NN	" It 's gettin ' so there 's almost no open territory between here and Leavenworth , " the trail master was saying .
tr	NNS	With that , he led her over to the glider , showed her the basics , then they walked to the edge of the cliff .
tr	NN	My first instinct is to rush to my bike and peel out of here , but I want that Dilly Bar .
tr	NN	There was a stab in his intestines , and a heat rising in him threatening to be pain .
tr	NNS	And her cousins pulled up in Connor 's truck , spewing dirt and gravel with the slam of brakes .
tr	NNS	The items were just too powerful .
tr	NNS	Mothers grabbed and held their sons , fathers hugged their daughters .
tr	NN	A giggle started in his belly , a low and subdued rumble before it burst from his mouth .
tr	NNS	Admiral Perry 's actions influenced much more than the colony you see around you .
tr	NN	No contract that we can sign in blood that will make you do the right thing .
tr	NNS	Things were fine before and as soon as I can figure this out , they 'll be fine once again . "
tr	NN	That much chaos will cover a lot of tracks . "
tr	NN	Riordan 's harsh command was sharp .
tr	NN	A thick silken cord , knotted at intervals , dropped past her shoulder .
tr	NNS	Things didn 't change once we got seated and started looking at our menus .
tr	NN	" Ok , " I said , " But make sure he knows just how fabulous I am .
tr	NNS	McBride looked towards the drilling site across the field , and the track was one long convoy , the rig site gates open to welcome the reinforcements .
tr	NNS	" Maybe once classes start tomorrow things will feel more normal . "
tr	NN	This Bill Decker fellow was the same motherfucker he and Russell had caught trying to break into the backyard shed !
tr	NNS	Old neon bar signs glowed from the walls , and hardwood planks covered the grimy floors .
tr	NNS	These skills will be essential in the coming days . "
tr	NNS	Images of some poor man slowly bleeding to death , scared and alone , haunted her .
tr	NN	According to my aunt 's letters , her condition isn 't improving . "
tr	NN	" The honour 's all mine . "
tr	NNS	His preparations had gone swimmingly .
tr	NNS	Things had only gone downhill from there .
tr	NNS	The other Alchemist leaders have agreed to leave you alone .
tr	NNS	The footsteps outside her window seemed to be receding .
tr	NN	Every picnic had potato salad , and every chef had a different recipe .
tr	NNS	Things are already going back to normal .
tr	NN	The slug put a clean one-inch hole through the paper .
tr	NN	Some semblance of normalcy returned to his face .
tr	NN	Her intent , though , he understood .
tr	NN	The stench overwhelmed her .
tr	NNS	The warriors began to realize that the wolf was no ordinary animal , that there was a spirit influencing it .
tr	NNS	There were footsteps and a muffled laugh .
tr	NN	A curl of smoke wound to the trees , as eerie as a witch 's bent finger .
tr	NN	The growl that escaped from me surprised both me and her , and she jumped down from the window .
tr	NN	The ape got up , and stood awhile in thought .
tr	NNS	Others required attention , and as I strode toward the back wall , Tegan went back to work .
tr	NNS	Unknown to both of them , Alma 's prayers were about to be answered .
tr	NN	" I daresay ; but I am bound here till midnight , " grumbled the fat dwarf .
tr	NN	Down the page were recent photos from the day after the incident .
tr	NN	Love turned on his heel and walked out .
tr	NNS	His instincts were telling him that she 'd hate all of it , but it had to be her choice .
tr	NNS	Things were so weird , suddenly .
tr	NN	The command is cool and strong like steel , dangerously calm , effortlessly powerful .
tr	NN	It ' l look suspicious if we head right back where we came from . "
tr	NN	Light and sound rippled through the sky again , only this time I was paying attention .
tr	NNS	The terrible emptiness in Karen 's stomach gave birth to a flock of fluttering butterflies .
tr	NNS	The winds have risen to a shriek , and the windows of the car are thick with snow .
tr	NNS	The emotional effects rarely kept her awake for any real length of time though .
tr	NN	A private 's official manner gave away to friendliness once they mentioned their assignment from Lieutenant Jones .
tr	NN	The success of his mission depended on his ability to move anonymously though the sprawling streets .
tr	NN	A new batch of visitors , awed and deferential , tiptoed in behind him and began to ask questions in hushed , respectful voices .
tr	NN	A golden idol , shaped into the likeness of a hideous hag , sat on a table .
tr	NNS	The mountain lion 's hackles rose , and it backed away .
tr	NNS	A few quick bursts were all I got off before a small yellow flare streaked up into the sky .
tr	NNS	But their facial expressions showed their concern , with each displaying a sudden loss of composure .
tr	NN	Now the great warrior rested dead on icy ground .
tr	NN	If you want training that 's on your own buck , the government doesn 't cover it . "
tr	NNS	Girls , guys , girls , guys , in flocks until the house looked like some frat party I should be enjoying much more than I was .
tr	NNS	Doors slammed shut and someone fired up an engine .
tr	NN	My escort pushed me toward the open patio doors .
tr	NNS	There are different types of LCA , but your specific genetic mutation looks like it might respond well to our therapy . "
tr	NNS	Plain leather sandals had covered her feet , their thongs wrapping up around her calves .
tr	NN	At last the momentum ran out , and Claire ended in a crumpled heap , sobbing with adrenalin and relief .
tr	NN	There was a low grunt beside me .
tr	NN	The lead singer hollered into the microphone as the band broke into a new song .
tr	NNS	Perhaps the worms knew how much time had passed , and at some level the knowledge was transferrable .
tr	NNS	Oddly , the thigh-high stockings helped her to feel more covered up than she really was .
tr	NN	That maniac was the last person he 'd wanted to run into .
tr	NNS	His bodily processes slowed down enough for him to be rescued after sixty-four days .
tr	NNS	Things get pretty ugly when there is a strike in the prison .
tr	NN	A tremor rippled up Mathieu 's slight frame .
tr	NN	His assessment proved to be true to the bone , as Haley and Jim Morton were engaged even before Dave coached his first game .
tr	NN	Then his psychiatrist released him into the custody of his parents .
tr	NN	' My my , ' the very grandiose Simone said .
tr	NNS	" Why , for biology alone , the possibilities are staggering - everything we know about life comes from studying life on our own planet .
tr	NN	The upper tray , designed to hold the doll , was empty .
tr	NNS	Blueberry pancakes with sausage for Sarah and supreme waffle stack with strawberries and extra whip for Jeremy .
tr	NN	A six year stint in the U.S. Navy followed by 24 years working for the U.S. Army distracted him from any thought of writing .
tr	NNS	Things which are parts of a single organism may be very different from one another : things which are not , may be very alike .
tr	NN	There was a golden plaque .
tr	NN	The elemental nearly killed us .
tr	NN	In Bari 's world , giant squid were water dwellers .
tr	NNS	But from what I heard today , there are some great ideas from the workers .
tr	NNS	Soon the roads widen and the spaces between buildings open as I leave the city behind .
tr	NN	Their weeping , cries , and sorrow followed rage and violence .
tr	NN	His resolve became even deeper , and he was more committed to settling with the evil men who had done this great wrong .
tr	NN	In fact , there was even a small TV off to the side and fish tank by the window .
tr	NN	There was the click of the solenoid .
tr	NNS	Angry shouts volleyed back and forth .
tr	NN	A brave warrior and great hunter , may she live long and bare many strong children . "
tr	NN	The leopard finally abandoned stealth and burst from the bush .
tr	NNS	Your aquatic abilities may still play a role in upcoming challenges , but alas , those talents will be wielded by others . "
tr	NN	The agent gave her a sympathetic smile .
tr	NNS	The graffiti artists had been at work in here , too .
tr	NN	Vulnerability is a weakness , one she detests in herself .
tr	NNS	The high vaulted ceilings added an element of enchantment to the room .
tr	NN	Where were her reporter instincts ?
tr	NNS	On the ground , two rows of soldiers pointed their guns skyward and shots rang out .
tr	NN	But another great tremor rippled the ground , then another .
tr	NN	The young warrior looked puzzled , " What do you mean ?
tr	NNS	There are signs leading the way .
tr	NN	Slowly turning to face him , the ninja begins walking toward the hero , his swords dangling at his sides in a signature fashion .
tr	NNS	" Folks are saying I killed him !
tr	NN	The technical interview panel was in a cabin , next to the reception area .
tr	NNS	To them , the stakes were higher , the prize of the high-paying job sweeter .
tr	NN	So that electricity seemed to arc between them , crackling and snapping with a life of its own .
tr	NNS	Four dead zombies lay at their feet .
tr	NN	The TV blared gaudy music while a penguin and hippo sang on a pirate boat .
tr	NNS	Nicodemus had looked bored when Anna Valmont emptied her gun into him .
tr	NNS	" Folks , my companions and I have travelled all the way from Tennessee to join up and fight for Texas !
tr	NN	The pilot didn 't miss a beat .
tr	NNS	The cameras all go off .
tr	NNS	The flying pink pigs on her flannel bottoms were so happy and carefree and so incredibly out of place on the woman wearing them .
tr	NNS	Chess would eat and kill me .
tr	NN	There was a rustle and a creak from Dad 's study .
tr	NNS	Small hotels are nice that way .
tr	NNS	His hands dropped to her hips , thumbs hooked in the strings of her panties , and pulled them over her hips .
tr	NN	Jake 's respectable scenario was reaping what it had sown .
tr	NN	There 's a new sheriff in town Not anymore .
tr	NN	But as they drew closer , the stir grew to a flutter .
tr	NNS	Ashley left police headquarters , giddy with relief .
tr	NNS	His suggestions worked , which increased the fragile trust that was building between them .
tr	NNS	The only explanations we shall be hearing are yours . "
tr	NNS	Clinging to one another for guidance , the five explorers zigzagged insanely through the dark .
tr	NN	" The prescription for your bi-polar meds ? "
tr	NNS	But when we finished dinner , all such worries fled .
tr	NN	The mayor looked miserable .
tr	NNS	Waves lapped up against jagged rocks hundreds of feet below .
tr	NNS	Hands that once held the world , now looked frail , aged .
tr	NNS	When they got to Shaw 's apartment , the two detectives began looking around .
tr	NNS	Things will go more smoothly once you 've grown accustomed to my little quirks .
tr	NNS	And these attempts had always led to tragedy and disaster .
tr	NNS	When I am inside her , my properties will heal her . "
tr	NNS	The drugs were having a startling effect in calming her .
tr	NN	" Yes , Grampa , " the term of endearment came naturally off of my tongue and I watched Amory beam in reply .
tr	NNS	Lights burned from only a few windows in Babel Tower .
tr	NNS	The sisters ' dinner table companions invited them on to the dance floor .
tr	NNS	' No worries , eh ?
tr	NN	God , the milk was good .
tr	NNS	Cadmus grabbed my arm and pulled me backward and we stood together and watched it in amazement .
tr	NN	" Yes , sir , " the lieutenant said .
tr	NN	The arrival of wealthy , well-connected Miranda , whose kiss he can 't forget , presents a lawful opportunity to increase his coffers .
tr	NN	Coarse black-and-white fur raised along his spine .
tr	NN	The mob roared with approval .
tr	NNS	His jaws danced under his skin , and he looked down .
tr	NNS	Many funding sources like the NIH are giving financial incentives to move graduate students along after about four years .
tr	NN	That bastard was everywhere .
tr	NN	The wide concrete gutter was bone dry , the pavement smooth after so much time in the desert " Not on the map ... " He shrugged .
tr	NNS	Others wanted her to follow them down to the safety of the dungeon where the art was to be hidden .
tr	NN	the redhead said to his friends , mocking Emma 's British accent .
tr	NN	The redwoods are glorious but you don , t have to drive four hours from San Francisco to reach glorious redwoods in California .
tr	NN	Hope 's core clenched hard , as though it begged for his possession .
tr	NN	Sphinx jumped down , coughing after being squeezed between the two .
tr	NN	" By the way , Folklore 's secretary was looking for you . "
tr	NN	Constitutional theory was all very well , but the cold hard reality of it was that the state could not long survive if it were leaderless .
tr	NN	A blush rises on my cheeks .
tr	NNS	The pursuers overshot and had to turn back : a clear gain of a minute , worth more than gold at present .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids fluttered closed .
tr	NN	A tiny shriek ripped from her lips as she whipped round to see the tall , lean form of a man in the shadows .
tr	NN	The tape I was holding snaps down on Mason 's hand painfully .
tr	NNS	The nurses had no way of knowing that their handsome passenger had never fought in a war per se .
tr	NN	" No offense , Wes , but I really don 't want to talk right now . "
tr	NNS	Six targets , attack them .
tr	NNS	There were several locations mentioned in the broadcast where these dingoes were sighted -- all within 100 kilometers of the facility .
tr	NNS	There are deep prints of hoofs all about this spot , and signs that a heavy thing was dragged away .
tr	NN	As is known , lack of facts results in people repairing the gap by making up stories and legends .
tr	NN	A small drawbridge crossed a hidden river .
tr	NNS	Things were already complicated enough , but this latest development could put a severe hiccup in the king 's plans .
tr	NN	My belly was full .
tr	NNS	A few long greasy strands of matted hair draped down to his shoulder from what was an oversized bald head .
tr	NNS	Since most of my classes were introductory art ones , my professors were usually good about giving credit as long as you turned something in .
tr	NNS	Our kisses were gentle and sweet , but I longed for more passion .
tr	NN	Instantly , tear gas started seeping out into the stairwell .
tr	NN	And then a spider emerged from under the washer and began creeping over toward Eddie .
tr	NNS	The eggs were delicious .
tr	NN	But the unease that had gnawed at him all day remained .
tr	NN	But , frankly , open association with the Settlers could be a dangerous thing .
tr	NNS	8,000 cells ... even if we can open one a minute ... We can 't get them all .
tr	NNS	" Your Highness , " I greeted her as she came in .
tr	NNS	Things are about to get bad for you .
tr	NN	His briefcase contained several falsified pieces of American identification and plane tickets that would carry him here . "
tr	NNS	The rats , too , seemed impervious to the pain that should have repelled them .
tr	NNS	Our coaches were looking frustrated and the team was down on itself , the crowd out of the game as well .
tr	NNS	All the servants had learned painful lessons of their own as well as from watching what happened to the others who didn 't .
tr	NNS	Then heavy footsteps brought another figure into Ellie 's line of vision and it crossed to the table .
tr	NNS	Things had only gone downhill from there .
tr	NNS	The fans were back in bleachers beside the tracks .
tr	NNS	The butterflies tickling my stomach were doing somersaults now .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of abandoning his search for Garcia invaded his resolve .
tr	NN	The dizziness came back and he vomited into the dirt .
tr	NN	The salmon was underdone , the bisque overdone , and the lamb ... he didn 't even want to think about the lamb .
tr	NN	The passion of the music was a pounding in his head , in his body .
tr	NNS	Never had she seen such colors , such radiance , never had she heard the pure music that she was hearing now .
tr	NN	The route he had been using to move refugees out of France has become too dangerous .
tr	NN	There was a little queue waiting at the far end of the cavern and the children were no longer hushed .
tr	NN	The design itself was nothing special .
tr	NNS	There weren 't any specifics , just a lot of conjecture . "
tr	NN	But hey , when life gives you lemons ... " In here , " Chloe called to me from one of the makeshift rooms .
tr	NNS	These lands are dangerous : full of foul rebels and brigands . '
tr	NNS	Many immortals had tried to finish her off over the years , but none had succeeded .
tr	NN	" Yes , " said Chaste absently , shoving her tiny amount of lunch around the plate , " I am . "
tr	NNS	Wings turned to hands , talons into feet .
tr	NNS	Abby 's sneakers squeak when she kicks at a nonexistent spot on the floor .
tr	NNS	Things were a little crowded to suit my tastes , but we all got along quite well , so there was a minimum of friction .
tr	NNS	Hopefully the incoming generations would do just as well , and hopefully Riddick would be among them .
tr	NN	The challenge is finding it . "
tr	NN	The dark halo around him was bigger than ever .
tr	NNS	" My apologies , " said a tall man with silvery blonde hair and blue eyes .
tr	NNS	" Things a school bully would do , not an axe murderer , calm down . "
tr	NN	The whole concept of having a baby growing inside me had set in .
tr	NNS	Demetrius stumbles backward at the moment of impact .
tr	NNS	As if reading her thoughts , the golden-haired Adonis smiled , making Sara immediately close her eyes and shake her head .
tr	NN	Love stepped forward , leant over the desk , scribbled his signature and took his copy .
tr	NNS	Cigarette ads are no different from others .
tr	NN	A half-smile crossed her full lips .
tr	NN	My libido has scoured away my troubles - at least momentarily .
tr	NNS	The hills are lit only by moonlight , no sign of distant settlements or anyway of ones with lights still burning .
tr	NNS	The media may have ' persuaded ' someone to talk .
tr	NNS	The captains relaxed , breathing heavily , though Anna 's heart continued to thump in her throat .
tr	NN	" Where is your staff escort ? "
tr	NNS	There are thousands of us and that 's just in this time period . "
tr	NN	A neighbor saw her , put her into the car , took her to the hospital and called the law .
tr	NNS	Girls was always after him .
tr	NN	" Come into m ' cabin John , thar 's some business we need to discuss , " the captain said .
tr	NN	The Cheshire Cat giggled .
tr	NN	My grandmother said it was nice to meet someone who didn 't live in the building .
tr	NN	" I can see why you wouldn 't want to follow that , " said the vodka and orange to Fat Charlie .
tr	NNS	Things I still can 't believe I ever did .
tr	NN	Savannah 's posture was stiff , her arms crossed over her chest , and her expression was pinched .
tr	NNS	Looks here like a call to your office found you were ... camping ? "
tr	NNS	There are several terminals available in the reception hall for your immediate use tonight .
tr	NN	That she 'd spent a summer modeling for teen book covers .
tr	NNS	Where thick brown hair had once fallen into his eyes with a roguish flare , white wisps hung flat against his head .
tr	NN	The illness got to him .
tr	NNS	The television monitors went ballistic .
tr	NNS	Our species does not exist other than in myths and legends .
tr	NNS	Looks like I showed up just in time . "
tr	NNS	The council members rose , as did the Carpathians .
tr	NNS	Strange lands caught my ear , but not enough to pull me into the discussion .
tr	NNS	Hands scooped beneath his arms from behind , and suddenly he had an extra boost .
tr	NNS	The edges of her heavy black sequined dress abraded her skin .
tr	NN	A tank rolled in , fast-moving infantry in the rear .
tr	NNS	They were too far away for him to tell if they were human or orc screams , chances were they were both .
tr	NN	my Uncle yelled running up to the commotion that had let lose in area 5 of the ballpark .
tr	NN	The square had not been busy before , but now it was deserted .
tr	NN	The gargoyle delicately inched his way forward .
tr	NNS	Strangers would not know this by looking at me .
tr	NN	Only a master could create a weave so intricate ... especially for a single toned weaver .
tr	NNS	The companions hid and waited whenever their scout made to clear their way .
tr	NNS	Metal signs hung outside .
tr	NN	The career policeman was on the hunt .
tr	NNS	The rising strings , mournful , weaving back and forth and into , the ebb and flow as if waves of sorrow washed into me .
tr	NN	His pal got the uninhibited sex goddess , and he was left with the scraps .
tr	NN	The challenge would be in accomplishing his goal without hurting this incredible woman in the process .
tr	NNS	Our differences struck some of our neighbors as odd , which made sense , I suppose , considering that he 'd raised me by himself .
tr	NNS	With the engine still running , the three passengers started piling out .
tr	NN	The rocking continued , but everything seemed quieter .
tr	NN	My momentum carried us toward the rear of the ambulance , where he finally went down , his head falling back over the edge .
tr	NNS	The legends had to come from somewhere .
tr	NN	Cassie 's boredom beat against him ; he took that as his leave to rescue her .
tr	NNS	I 'd noticed a glimmer off Red 's scope through the window , something Cal had evidently missed .
tr	NN	" Ok , let 's get down to business . "
tr	NN	" Okay , " the redhead said slowly .
tr	NN	Part of me wonders why Sean has a gun and why his brother doesn 't just get another one .
tr	NN	" That scar will never leave you . "
tr	NN	The bullet ripped uselessly out into the rain forest .
tr	NNS	Flames sparked to sudden life .
tr	NN	" The secretary says he hasn 't showed up yet . "
tr	NN	Soft , green foliage lay trampled under a sea of Marsh creatures .
tr	NN	My therapist reiterated , " Denying you are a spiritual being is like denying you have a left arm . "
tr	NN	The goddess had frowned .
tr	NNS	The pirates behaved decently towards us -- apart from leering at Julianna when they brought us food .
tr	NNS	Their contacts wanted ten thousand pounds , not five thousand as previously agreed .
tr	NNS	Things were going to be much different around here .
tr	NNS	The zombies still came .
tr	NN	The harmless shimmy , caused by a minor fuel mixture imbalance , rattled the payload .
tr	NN	" Pass " " Pass it " " Here !
tr	NNS	Elias shrugged his shoulders in a helpless display as though he had no choice in his decision .
tr	NN	The Program takes patients between the ages of thirteen and seventeen , but most appear to be on the older side .
tr	NN	To my left the ravine opens hungrily .
tr	NNS	The objects are inside , in two collections , surrounded by some magic I can 't really figure out .
tr	NNS	Her social skills were sadly lacking from years of neglect , her only practice her customers at the restaurant and very young college classmates .
tr	NNS	The creatures took to the air , wheeling and fluttering , thousands of them , filling the spaces around her .
tr	NNS	The villagers let her and Tommy Collins through .
tr	NNS	My instincts told me that there was danger , that the angel had meant it when she spoke of killing , but my judgment overruled my instincts .
tr	NNS	How can the swarms be hunting ? "
tr	NN	With another shrug he said , " Mad genius 's are like that . "
tr	NNS	" Lights in there don 't work , either .
tr	NNS	My companions were still human weaklings underneath it all , but at least they wouldn 't stick out like ticks on an albino .
tr	NNS	His hits came at a blistering speed , as if his hands were a machine and moved faster than Brian could blink .
tr	NN	The inspector drove directly to the back of the plane and stopped a few centimetres from the ramp .
tr	NN	" Nay , ' t is Tara .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids fluttered closed .
tr	NNS	She kissed his mouth , the kisses clumsy with passion .
tr	NNS	Too bad his instincts wouldn 't shut off that infernal blaring .
tr	NN	This routine carried on until an interruption .
tr	NN	A tremor touched her lips .
tr	NN	The lantern stood at the very front , like there was a little bench or something especially for it .
tr	NN	His laptop was in the safe where he 'd placed it the day after the press had gone knocking at his door .
tr	NNS	" Do healers come here to buy their stuff instead of foraging for them ? "
tr	NN	The long-sleeved T-shirt he was wearing molded to his body , almost like it suffered from static cling .
tr	NNS	But now , her fans were growing tired of the little girl begging for attention .
tr	NNS	Delores pushed her chair back and stood -- everyone 's signal it was time to go .
tr	NN	His partner on the other hand was gorgeous .
tr	NNS	Guns didn 't say pew ; little boys did .
tr	NNS	But there were more than three flashlights on the stairs .
tr	NN	The bodice was tightly fitted from her breasts to her hips and intricately and beautifully beaded with tiny crystals creating the shape of a butterfly .
tr	NNS	Up ahead , the castle gates were open and the street was packed with civilians pouring into the castle 's courtyard .
tr	NN	Sure enough , there was a rope dangling from what could only be the hotel 's roof .
tr	NNS	The other three pairs of eyes swung to look at me .
tr	NN	Terror filled me , paralyzing me as he held me to the mattress .
tr	NNS	The coaches watch them close when they do so no one gets hurt .
tr	NN	The despondent tender began to understand .
tr	NNS	I glance at the people around me , their faces upturned , their expressions joyous .
tr	NN	His dimple threw me for a loop .
tr	NNS	Three security cameras looked down at them as they stood outside , waiting .
tr	NN	But this icon didn 't look like him .
tr	NN	Love turned on his wipers .
tr	NN	His momentum propelled them both to the floor with her sprawled on top .
tr	NN	The young knight on the offensive , attacked again , pushed Ormond backwards as they fought .
tr	NN	Love meant giving everything and holding nothing back , as her grandfather had said .
tr	NNS	But there were no sudden , wholesale changes to the family home .
tr	NNS	There were numerous gaps in the wall to allow people to walk through and go different directions .
tr	NN	A new hairstyle , makeup , and a radiance Renton had never observed before .
tr	NN	The pavement just outside Adam 's circle had turned dark and soft .
tr	NN	The cancer had metastasized .
tr	NNS	The other student nurses had described the symptoms of this particular malady .
tr	NNS	Images began to race before my eyes .
tr	NNS	Things are going along , and I think I 've heard everything there is to hear , and then there 'll be something else .
tr	NN	A desperate resignation had come over the two young women .
tr	NN	Each frog had one of the oversize lily pads strapped to its back , and Liza found herself pushed , headfirst , into one of them .
tr	NNS	Images , thoughts and sensations reproduced in real time by their neural chips .
tr	NN	The oak double door opened silently , and he slipped inside .
tr	NNS	These negotiations are over ! "
tr	NN	And the teacher still wants her even though she 's wearing that hideous sombrero . "
tr	NN	The squid appeared to hesitate .
tr	NN	Her T-shirt is so tight I can make out the lace pattern of her bra .
tr	NNS	Curious what he was thinking , she reached out , trying to feel him through their connection the way Helen had talked about .
tr	NN	My carpet would never be the same .
tr	NN	And , the Foundation 's headquarters are also in Wilmington , Delaware .
tr	NNS	My surroundings had turned to black and white , and I walked around unfeeling , with only one goal in my mind .
tr	NN	Her initial instinct was retreat , but at the last second she brought her feet together , folded her arms and glared up at him .
tr	NNS	Behind us , the battered old Mercedes waits patiently , whispering to us in sizzles and pings as its engine cools .
tr	NN	The bearded hunter did not come to his decision lightly .
tr	NNS	There were thousands of them , all racing against each other but Rose was searching for one in particular .
tr	NNS	Over three quarters of the delegates showed approval for the measure .
tr	NNS	" So the society members from Florida were different from the rest of you .
tr	NN	The cabbage vendor used it as a belt .
tr	NNS	There were three main docking areas and one that could be used if necessary .
tr	NNS	Glowing ripples marked her path .
tr	NNS	The murmurs come regularly while I 'm concentrating , not as strongly as at the hospital , but distracting nonetheless .
tr	NNS	Its nostrils flared and its eyes rolled toward me .
tr	NNS	" Things have been so bad for so long .
tr	NN	A little pub called The Holy Carousel was the regular watering hole for Whisperer employees .
tr	NN	Eventually the valet jumped in to help Blake and then the concierge .
tr	NN	The lack of sleep suddenly hit him as he tried to maneuver for the small riffle they had to negotiate .
tr	NNS	Their footsteps sounded unnaturally loud , as did her car when she cranked it .
tr	NNS	The two would-be nuns , totally dressed the part , keep me company while I bake .
tr	NN	But in the end our studying did pay off .
tr	NN	The red sweater taunts me .
tr	NNS	And may the crows feast on the unjust ! "
tr	NN	" The marina has security .
tr	NN	Lust gleams in his eyes before he slides over and grazes her cheek with the back of his hand .
tr	NN	The reference to that incredible night had been no accident .
tr	NNS	Moses wore special paper glasses to get the effect .
tr	NNS	The hallways were empty , except for me running frantically through the school with goggles and chalk .
tr	NNS	The new recruits were young detective constables , which suited Adams .
tr	NN	Her early intervention might have saved these people a lot of suffering .
tr	NN	" I 'll let you in , " the watchman grunted .
tr	NN	The scalpel touched her neck .
tr	NN	Minus the two inch , black heels she wore , Eva was a 5 foot 5 brunette with hair that was thin , straight and long .
tr	NNS	The ski slopes brought them in the winter , while art shows drew them in the summer .
tr	NN	The hatch opened out onto a ledge of a heavily wooded slope , thick with birches and alders .
tr	NNS	Things were still fuzzy in my head , but I did remember the blood , the liquid fire , I had been forced to drink .
tr	NN	Their entire goal revolves around her . "
tr	NNS	Almost instantly , fresh trumpets sounded , silvery notes that seemed to float down from overhead .
tr	NNS	All the other helpers started liking me .
tr	NNS	Chief attributes include a snake around his neck , a third eye ... A third eye !
tr	NN	Then another musk came with it .
tr	NNS	Your grandparents had a beautiful garden that we ate from all summer long , that we appreciated and we used it all .
tr	NNS	There are far more possibilities in the real world . "
tr	NN	He led Chloe up the stairs to his big front porch as she clutched onto him , his T-shirt balled in her fist .
tr	NN	The snake shot at him like a bullet heading straight for the head .
tr	NN	Link grabbed John 's arm and yanked him to his feet .
tr	NNS	Dare 's nostrils flared , but he knew the same thing she did .
tr	NN	The embarrassment quickly went away as a thought came to her mind .
tr	NN	His growl did delightful things to me .
tr	NNS	When she reached the other side , footsteps charged the fire escape .
tr	NN	The lamp flew across the room , hit the wall and shattered .
tr	NN	The headmaster turned and scowled at Tom .
tr	NNS	The triangles were moving around , changing positions randomly .
tr	NNS	Our ancestors did not make mountains masculine because they projected male characteristics into them .
tr	NNS	Words spoken in a crisp , clear voice .
tr	NN	Besides his face and hands , not an inch of skin was visible .
tr	NNS	Myles had tossed out a few questions in the past , but they 'd met with monosyllabic answers , or shrugs where monosyllabic answers weren 't possible .
tr	NN	The ship 's captain howled in fear .
tr	NNS	There are volatile areas where the ground becomes wafer thin above boiling lakes or where scant layers of sand disguise wells of searing mud . "
tr	NNS	The main view screens on either side of the room came to life with a silent portrait of violence .
tr	NN	A troll - because we " re stupid and drag our clubs , as everyone knows - can move only one square in any direction .
tr	NN	His passion has become my passion .
tr	NN	Hopefully the cycle 's roar had covered most of the gunplay , but they had to be away from here as quickly as possible .
tr	NNS	In the booths along the opposite wall , couples and foursomes sipped wine and waited for their jambalaya or gumbo or one of Mack 's dinner specials .
tr	NN	The sheriff quieted the crowd , and I swore , losing my cover .
tr	NN	Having a missing family member probably took away her appetite .
tr	NNS	Usually blues will bring me out of blues , but it didn 't work .
tr	NNS	Others act from their belief system .
tr	NN	There was hunger in his eyes .
tr	NN	A squad of uniformed guards blockaded the gate .
tr	NN	A brown haze hovered over the city , the child of chimneys and furnaces .
tr	NNS	" Our actions only enabled you and the other men here to perform your duty , Lars . "
tr	NNS	Others in the room joined in .
tr	NNS	There are no rats the next day .
tr	NN	Thinking fame is something important .
tr	NN	" My friend Soleil and I were at the beach one day , and Ezra hit me with a Frisbee . "
tr	NNS	But these domestic trials were not why I asked you to tea . "
tr	NN	The rustle of leaves high in the trees stopped .
tr	NN	Author has a nice way with descriptive words which makes one feel nearly in the room .
tr	NN	There was another exchange of glances , but the men followed the tree line around the meadow .
tr	NN	The flickering firelight cast weird shadows on his face .
tr	NNS	THE END THE silent witnesses lie everywhere , passing from one form of matter to another , gradually becoming unrecognizable to their nearest and dearest .
tr	NNS	After he was struck by the first bullet , the idiots had come out of hiding .
tr	NN	The alligator just turned into me .
tr	NN	The scar on his cheek had gone white with rage .
tr	NNS	Myles was running towards the main factory entrance .
tr	NNS	Things taste so much better when they are killed in a good mood .
tr	NN	" My therapist helped me create a psychic filter .
tr	NNS	Soldiers get redeployed every few years and romances tend to be short lived : especially with civilians whose jobs aren 't portable .
tr	NN	The handsome fourteen-year-old looked at him , swallowed , and nodded .
tr	NN	The commander took a step back and peered at the android .
tr	NNS	The solemn witnesses elected by a mash of obligation , familial guilt and simple rote chance .
tr	NNS	The hallways were empty and smelled like sweat and sex .
tr	NN	The leader took the purse and started patting the saddlebags of the horses for the tell-tale jangle of coin .
tr	NN	" Does my cursing bother you ? "
tr	NNS	Others simply appeared and disappeared , leaving nothing behind but a moment of awe and brilliance .
tr	NN	Reality finally dawned on me when I realized how much harder it would be now to leave Charlotte when I went away to college .
tr	NN	Their absence had always been a constant , empty pain .
tr	NNS	Looks like the scene you all caused earlier didn 't make anyone happy . "
tr	NN	The uncertainty in his voice surprises me .
tr	NNS	The amber streetlights illuminated his shirtless form .
tr	NNS	The kisses were less patient this time .
tr	NN	" Where in the hell is your trident ? "
tr	NN	' Fitch , ' Love said .
tr	NNS	The frantic raindrops were attacking the bus window .
tr	NN	The troll led her into one of the bedrooms .
tr	NN	" Your master is the Goddess ? "
tr	NNS	" My apologies , sire , " Gorgon said , sounding both frustrated and contrite .
tr	NNS	The Parkside supporters went wild .
tr	NN	When he does , ketchup drips from the end of the bun .
tr	NNS	Still , there were limits to what curiosity could bear .
tr	NNS	Jeremiah 's nostrils flared .
tr	NN	The vows are the words I speak , and the laws the ones I choose . "
tr	NNS	Things were fine again .
tr	NN	" What 's plasma ? "
tr	NNS	His instincts shouldn 't be telling him those things , but he could feel himself preparing for a fight .
tr	NNS	The Seven Kingdoms , after squandering all their food during the Civil War , slowly starve .
tr	NNS	Gorgeous paintings hung one after another , illuminated with precision .
tr	NNS	Delores found her voice first .
tr	NNS	My nostrils catch that light musky cologne of his .
tr	NNS	There were also several boards attached to the wall with some writing , but she couldn 't read them .
tr	NNS	Lots of soap opera and internet addiction . "
tr	NN	The blacksmith was a bald-headed man with hugely muscular arms , which strained and bulged as he hammered a rod of steel .
tr	NNS	Because it was early evening , the sun lovers had headed inside , but there were still large groups of people hanging out by the water .
tr	NN	Your principal , Brian Newcastle , had heard of me .
tr	NN	A growl vibrated soft and low in his throat as he reluctantly dragged his lips away from mine .
tr	NNS	Where had the missing items disappeared to ?
tr	NNS	The high-heeled sandals with their wraparound laces made a sharp sound on the marble .
tr	NNS	The slopes are fairly gentle , and I didn 't come up against anything that I 'd call rugged .
tr	NN	A spark of anger shoots through me .
tr	NN	Her resolve , quick thinking , and forceful personality all spoke to that .
tr	NNS	Little bright pink spots glowed on her cheeks .
tr	NN	My grandmother subtly elbows me and busts out a fake laugh .
tr	NN	The key prosecution witness was dead .
tr	NN	Tension and anger rolled off of Clare in waves as we entered the elevator .
tr	NN	The one lamp in the room flickered and went out .
tr	NNS	My siblings and I looked at each other .
tr	NNS	Cyn 's footsteps sounded on the wood stairs .
tr	NN	The headset crackled . "
tr	NN	There was no pattern ; five were dead , and they had no connection to each other , aside from the competition .
tr	NNS	Things would not always be easy with him .
tr	NNS	But cats are good at steering people .
tr	NN	Nora 's nausea had finally subsided and she was feeling like a whole person , to the great joy of her husband .
tr	NNS	His instincts were raging now , his body moving hard and fast in response .
tr	NNS	The wolves began barking and growling , looking back and forth from the boys to the demon .
tr	NN	Plush , burgundy carpet held the restless feet of cultivated soldiers , waiting for battle .
tr	NN	The mayor insisted on his cooperation in order to renew goodwill between the two super cities .
tr	NNS	Those attributes don 't hold a candle to a girl who knows how to get down and dirty on the field and in a tent .
tr	NNS	Classes only started on Thursday but they 're good so far . "
tr	NN	Cassidy 's libido told her .
tr	NN	One doll and one stuffed bear still wait on the pillow for their owner to return .
tr	NN	Have BT email or fax the record of all calls made between twelve and three for a start .
tr	NN	His h * ps rocked against hers , and he reached back up to hook strong fingers under her bra strap .
tr	NNS	Soldiers directed Margaret to the pit 's edge .
tr	NN	Using an imager , the medic carefully inserted a thin catheter connected to a large syringe into her uterus .
tr	NN	His balance is off .
tr	NNS	" Slave traders took my friends .
tr	NNS	Two figures were on either side of me , dragging me into what seemed like oblivion .
tr	NN	" That singer of yours has to go .
tr	NNS	The twins and I cheated outrageously in the next several months , and we soon had the breakaway clans on the run .
tr	NNS	Romulus pulled up at the end of the gallery , where three more doors stood .
tr	NN	There was no hesitation .
tr	NN	No phone booth required .
tr	NNS	One by one , letters formed in the particulate .
tr	NNS	The suns are still there .
tr	NN	But his tail stayed down .
tr	NN	There was a stack of bicycles up ahead and I was either going to hit them , the bus , or the people on the dirt sidewalk .
tr	NN	And all he had to show for his hard work and countless amounts of money was one artifact , one measly little pocket watch .
tr	NNS	Yet , there were still changes .
tr	NN	Then , in that formless void , a soft rectangle of light opened .
tr	NNS	The other shifters he had brought dotted the crowd , all in their wolf forms .
tr	NN	" Well , the pendulum has fallen and I doubt they will be killed by those lame creatures .
tr	NN	There was no pulse .
tr	NN	The French police captain took advantage of powerless girls , yet let Rick shepherd them to freedom .
tr	NN	The pendant activates on its own when there is another one nearby .
tr	NN	" No kidding , " Dave said .
tr	NNS	Soon our letters of marque will be irrefutable and all will be right with our world again .
tr	NNS	Visible paw prints of Vancouver Island wolves lined the pathway in the crumbly brown soil , showing the strategies of how the wolves hunted the night before .
tr	NN	My Masters would punish me .
tr	NNS	On the planked boardwalk , couples and families passed by holding ice-cream cones or bags filled with tourist mementos .
tr	NN	Is everything Ok there ?
tr	NN	My eyeball catches the dull light .
tr	NNS	Those creatures destroyed everything we had . "
tr	NN	" I think we 'd better go warn Ben , " Jazz said .
tr	NN	However , there is a complication that you ought to know about . "
tr	NN	Her sleeping schedule was precious .
tr	NN	Part of his lawyer act .
tr	NN	' Part of the bait , ' the voice was bored again .
tr	NN	Suddenly , a siren wailed behind her .
tr	NNS	His eyelids drift down as if my touch offers some unfamiliar benediction .
tr	NNS	Now two ladies were missing !
tr	NNS	And the gunmen knocked on doors .
tr	NN	Should the youth fail to return within this set period , the escort would return to their home village .
tr	NNS	For as far as she could see , black hills spread outward , and a perfect stillness blanketed the area .
tr	NNS	All great leaders share the same similar path of isolation and loneliness .
tr	NN	A thank-you note from a family after she 'd located their toddler son in the woods .
tr	NNS	There were grave consequences for the State .
tr	NNS	Sea creatures here , murky , inchoate , that altered as one 's gaze changed , inseparable from one 's gaze .
tr	NNS	These two innate facilities made our ancestors decipher so many patterns in the nature and in their lives .
tr	NN	To his dismay , the plant was now in the trash bin next to the file cabinet .
tr	NNS	" The twins are turning six .
tr	NN	With employees dropping like flies , the environment had suddenly become very unstable . )
tr	NNS	There were other members of Perla 's crew , but she kept her various cells separate , as far as Maxwell knew .
tr	NN	The lantern was bright enough , but this was country dark , pitch black .
tr	NN	My belly was rumbling with fear , and I was trembling all over .
tr	NNS	Sadness clutched her heart .
tr	NNS	All the stores and butchers within two hundred miles carried Waterloo County sausages and sliced meats .
tr	NN	The skeleton in the case wasn 't exactly fresh .
tr	NN	Sweet Dove had never intended to let him go .
tr	NNS	" There are two possibilities , and both of them are awful .
tr	NN	The old stairs creaked as I climbed slowly up , the carpet long ago worn away .
tr	NN	A curved tiger oak staircase led to the second floor .
tr	NN	There 's a stack of old boards near the slave cabins .
tr	NNS	Her ideas really were going to get her in trouble someday , if they hadn 't already .
tr	NN	The timbre of his voice altered in a way that meant he wouldn 't discuss it further .
tr	NN	Thanks to the unexplainable security vibe he emitted , her unease had fizzled some and at least she wasn 't so spooked anymore .
tr	NN	Her employer isn 't expecting her back for a few days .
tr	NN	The marina divided the park , which continued to the lake 's small end .
tr	NNS	The footsteps came right up to the teepee .
tr	NNS	The first colors of evening streaked across the sky ; deep orange mixed with faint purple .
tr	NNS	The emptiness in her stomach refused to be ignored .
tr	NN	The laptop clattered as he set it down on the table .
tr	NNS	Others were ornate statues .
tr	NN	The explanation did not seem to explain .
tr	NN	Each stroke of his tongue was like I was waking up .
tr	NNS	However , the leaders of the robots have paid a high price for this violation of the higher laws .
tr	NNS	Things had changed between Christopher and me as well .
tr	NN	His loyalty to the Church was one thing - a commandment from God .
tr	NNS	The tunnels had several branches , and the life he sensed was straight ahead .
tr	NNS	The colors and texture did not quite match , but it was passable .
tr	NN	The pretty lingerie fell to the floor in a small heap .
tr	NNS	Fully mutated zombies are , initially , quite energetic .
tr	NNS	His companions were no solace , the fallen angels reduced to finishing each other 's sentences and fighting over credit for the same sins .
tr	NNS	My first few attempts were pretty bad , but I soon understood the weight of the club and how the angles on each course could be maneuvered .
tr	NNS	There were lush landscapes , courtyards with waterfalls , wrap around porches , and expensive cars in the driveways .
tr	NNS	But changes need to be made .
tr	NN	His raggedy fur hid scars and marks from countless fights .
tr	NN	The assessment was a big deal .
tr	NNS	The classmates were excited to help .
tr	NNS	Holding my breath , my body shudders as someone streaks toward the forest .
tr	NN	Part of me still wanted you to keep you to myself .
tr	NNS	Others might not agree , but I for one believe that you 're meant to drink .
tr	NN	When he murders his latest victim , our heroine sees him and makes a wax model of him .
tr	NN	A receptionist at a desk blocked me from going in .
tr	NNS	" What are the items in demand , these days ? "
tr	NNS	Three figures run down the alley .
tr	NN	My loyalty is one hundred percent with my patient . "
tr	NN	The pup landed on its side crying out when it hit the ground .
tr	NNS	" Most businessmen don 't create their own army . "
tr	NN	The supervisor persuaded me not to attempt to drive .
tr	NN	The landlord , with a little tremor of fear in his voice , told them the rent was paid .
tr	NNS	The specifics aren 't going to come back to me .
tr	NNS	" Things will seem much clearer in the morning . "
tr	NN	He would take her there , again and again , until she was desperate with longing , all resistance lost , all hesitation erased .
tr	NNS	As far as she was concerned , weekly visits were far too frequent .
tr	NN	Thankfully , the captain had subtly moved her away before she had to interact with him .
tr	NNS	Things were different now .
tr	NN	His pulse pounded , making it difficult to think .
tr	NNS	The possibilities were endless , and as I stared at her , I gave her a grin .
tr	NN	The sub was already five feet underwater , and Tolland could barely touch it with his feet .
tr	NNS	" Others have been here for five years or less . "
tr	NNS	The edges of his body blurred .
tr	NN	Collective bargaining is a nightmare for the oligarchy .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids closed , ecstasy coating her expression .
tr	NNS	Because , over the weekend , I had noticed a rather disturbing trend : butterflies would appear in my stomach whenever I now talked to him .
tr	NN	Not that the celestial spotlight shinning down on him would ever permit it .
tr	NN	" The hunter fashioned her horns into a chair . "
tr	NN	" It 's all right , " the surgeon said .
tr	NNS	His explanations were always of just a few words with long pauses to maintain his breathing .
tr	NN	The pilot typed the coordinates into his navigation system .
tr	NN	He looked away , stared hard at the glittering golden square of the window .
tr	NN	The trio walked back into the arena where the game had already gotten underway .
tr	NNS	The nuns seem quite nice and told me I could visit . "
tr	NN	The bard clenched his fists angrily .
tr	NN	And yet , keeping promises was never our specialty was it ?
tr	NN	The cottage came into sight through the pines : a handsome little structure with three rooms and a stone hearth .
tr	NN	His lips crash down on mine and the world disappears .
tr	NN	The instinct of inquisitiveness is a must .
tr	NNS	The suggestions went on for a few minutes and then began to taper off .
tr	NNS	Therefore our efforts will focus on avoidance and stealth to prevent detection by them .
tr	NN	When Bill was in trouble she would always let him sneak a little TV , skip a chore , etc. .
tr	NN	There had been several disputes fought out in space , rarely did a major dispute reach the soil of any of the populated planets .
tr	NN	In answer , Chance pulled it from his jacket pocket .
tr	NN	The stench of his prey was overpowering , and he followed unerringly .
tr	NN	The tap closed suddenly .
tr	NN	( My stroke had been lucky enough .
tr	NNS	The effects of chloroform usually last an hour or so .
tr	NNS	Numerous pairs of eyes followed her as she ran toward one of the smaller tents .
tr	NNS	Others she 'd helped avoid dangers creeping toward them from the past .
tr	NNS	Echoing from the hall , shouts and footsteps saved Kelly from answering .
tr	NNS	Flowers to make the lower level female staff feel valued and important , after a major box office success .
tr	NN	The Flame 's description had been accurate : not much larger than a war horse , with a cat-like face .
tr	NN	The melody changed haphazardly from one song to the next , mimicking my thoughts .
tr	NN	As his window came down , the air conditioning of his Lexus kicked in harder as it fought the sweltering humidity .
tr	NN	Another sob escaped and I saw Kaspar glaring into the rear-view mirror .
tr	NN	There was no hesitation as I rushed to her .
tr	NNS	The man 's actions were strange , but they did not appear as threatening as they had originally .
tr	NN	His left hip and shoulder were screaming with pain and his left leg sat at an odd angle .
tr	NNS	Your next shot lands on the green and promptly rolls off the back .
tr	NNS	The planes get louder as they come closer .
tr	NN	His aura is a rush of rusted oranges , browns and reds .
tr	NN	" When was the last entry ? "
tr	NNS	The duchess pinned the gentleman in question with a dangerous stare .
tr	NN	Her hatred ran too hot , had scarred her too deeply .
tr	NN	But the gag was firmly in place .
tr	NN	The simple yet romantic gown was fetching .
tr	NN	The chaos went on .
tr	NN	" I 'll be moving along , then , " said the sergeant .
tr	NN	The command to charge sounds .
tr	NNS	Atop the sand bank , a dozen black slugs rummaged through their clothes and equipment .
tr	NN	Then , in a soft , melodic voice , the caller asked , " Is this Theresa Osborne ? "
tr	NNS	Normal dimensions of space dissolved before Ship .
tr	NN	The busty blonde smiled at him and winked .
tr	NN	The leader and the girl began freeing the straps that bound his limbs .
tr	NNS	The whispers of shuffling feet and rustling packs against clothes told him that the others were following .
tr	NNS	And anyway , two schemes are better than one . "
tr	NN	Maybe the Seminole tribe had some ideas of how to deal with this crap .
tr	NN	The American arrival had helped put some hope into the situation .
tr	NN	The cowboy was doing us a favor , and a long one , so I decided to make conversation , be polite .
tr	NNS	" What will tests on the three of us show ? "
tr	NNS	Suddenly , two shots exploded into the limo .
tr	NNS	The colors bubble back .
tr	NNS	Some areas of the caves had so many rugs , tapestries , and furnishings that Cole could almost forget he was underground .
tr	NNS	The other passengers shuffled over , filling the aisles between the seats .
tr	NN	" You are nothing like us , " the golden knight said , sliding open his visor .
tr	NN	But all he said was , " I was never a mean drunk , Faith .
tr	NN	The celebration was going full swing in Rio .
tr	NNS	Its petals , wide and smooth , were completely open and welcoming .
tr	NNS	The higher levels of command dealt with all manner of shipping routes , passenger ships , public ships , and fleet distribution and usage .
tr	NNS	A few sources suggest the stars were gods .
tr	NNS	The vamps did most of the work .
tr	NN	There 's also a quick set option that allows you to set a specified amount of time to jump , such as an hour or a minute .
tr	NN	My hip hit the side of one of the study tables , and I growled with pain .
tr	NN	But , hey , if you ever feel like a chat , just come and find me .
tr	NNS	Several items already had red dots beside them , indicating a sale .
tr	NN	No wonder Edwina , who thought of her girls as good girls , didn 't want them to come here .
tr	NN	A tremor maybe . "
tr	NNS	Two more granola bars and another thirty minutes later Alec still hasn 't returned .
tr	NNS	The chains on my body shake as he thrusts harder and harder .
tr	NNS	Things hadn 't looked so good , but they had won it , all the same .
tr	NNS	The council members always make up the jury , and they are never divided in their decisions .
tr	NN	Love was what made it good and beautiful and ephemeral .
tr	NNS	In war this movements are critical to the defense of the country .
tr	NNS	Witches are like that .
tr	NN	So the first layer of attendees was people who had been in government when he had been president .
tr	NNS	But the pirates weren 't having it all their own way .
tr	NN	That terrible agony ripped through me .
tr	NN	A foot passenger could board at Dover , Portsmouth or Southampton and be in France in less than five hours .
tr	NN	A dull shard of dread hit her in the chest , but she ignored it .
tr	NNS	The characters , names , incidents , places , and dialogue are products of the author 's imagination and are not to be construed as real .
tr	NNS	There were rumours coming out of the Hittite kingdom these days , whispers of woe and looming disaster .
tr	NNS	The warriors wanted to see that their ways were not being forgotten , and I showed them I had not forgotten .
tr	NN	The iron discipline of the legions wavered , and they all took an involuntary step forward .
tr	NNS	Those qualities were basic to a lifetime relationship , and they 'd both suffered for not cultivating them .
tr	NNS	Our sneakers squished and squashed as we started up the hill on the other side , one of the ski trails near the top of the mountain .
tr	NNS	There are limits ... even to that ! '
tr	NN	Her instinct for privacy made the denial instant .
tr	NN	There was a stern , warning tone in his words , that anger I rarely ever heard from him .
tr	NNS	Her movements were awkward .
tr	NN	The captain had asked his son to drive the boat for a while .
tr	NN	The whole race has damn near everything it needs in infinite supply and still we go on fighting .
tr	NNS	There 's some quiet murmurs , then he leans forward , and she kisses him .
tr	NN	The tip buried at least three feet into the ground , effectively pinning the angry knight .
tr	NN	Even if Jack clears his name , which would be a miracle , his reputation will remain damaged .
tr	NNS	The rats rushed past her .
tr	NN	Jazz dropped folder and mail onto her desk , and sank down in her chair .
tr	NNS	There were chains on my hands and legs , binding me to a wall .
tr	NNS	Two rows of shelves separated her from him .
tr	NN	The more he talked , the more Dwayne liked him and his ideas .
tr	NNS	Images of those half-dozen things they could do to each other somewhere remote had her blood running even hotter than it already was .
tr	NN	Sebastian 's brows lifted , an amused smile on his lips .
tr	NN	How did football become enmeshed with gratitude ?
tr	NNS	Kris leaned his body against her , still whispering in her ear .
tr	NN	Your uncle told me that it isn 't decided for us ; it 's our choice , light or darkness ... .
tr	NNS	There were no rats in the cellar then .
tr	NN	There was sympathy in her green eyes .
tr	NN	" She 's somewhere outside , " the hunter said .
tr	NNS	" What are my chances ? "
tr	NNS	The gates of Hades will not prevail .
tr	NN	Her badge identified her as Officer Granger , but that name didn 't seem any more natural than her recently enhanced curves .
tr	NN	" I heard that the crystal assisted in helping to reveal Shimmer 's wings , " Song said .
tr	NNS	Perpetual fretting at length threw Moritz into a decline , which at first increased his irritability , but he is now at peace for ever .
tr	NN	They did help smooth out the rough edges , cast a haze over the excruciating debilitation seizing her body .
tr	NNS	" No squares nor open courts .
tr	NNS	Its little ruffles , layer upon layer of them , spilled across her copious flesh like collected scum on a pond .
tr	NN	The healer within her couldn 't resist this wounded man any more now than that night in the Academy barracks .
tr	NNS	" Eighty paintings , John , " Ian smiled .
tr	NN	Her grandmother had always told her she was a steward of great powers and that she should take care to nurture and grow her gifts .
tr	NNS	The warriors began to pour from the room .
tr	NN	Surprisingly , the priest smiled at that .
tr	NNS	Others along the street rush past in a blur of motion .
tr	NN	" My uncle 's not doing well -- I came back to try and give him a hand . "
tr	NN	At least there was some semblance of sanity to it .
tr	NN	' You 're going about this completely the wrong way , ' Prophet said .
tr	NN	The jaguar snarled and leapt at one of the smaller ones in the lower branches .
tr	NNS	How obsessed were his fans getting , for people to just think he was another guy in a Powerhouse costume ?
tr	NN	Then Joey 's aura did that flickering to black thing .
tr	NN	Somehow , a video of it got put on YouTube .
tr	NN	The solicitor took the paper and frowned at the signature .
tr	NNS	The teachers usually asked her only a few questions , rather a formal procedure than a necessity .
tr	NN	And in war , unlucky is the last thing you want to be . "
tr	NN	There was zero resolve in my quivering voice .
tr	NN	Between them was a giant red football .
tr	NN	Part of him wanted to kill the Caesar now .
tr	NN	Its long tail , which had already scored a hit against her leg , knocking her aside earlier , was swinging ominously .
tr	NNS	But there are blues , greens and yellows too .
tr	NN	What a cocky , arrogant , playboy jerk .
tr	NN	The lens readjusted to the light and I could see that the stone had rolled away from the front of the tomb .
tr	NN	There really is no mistaking what they are .
tr	NN	The cellar where the female had been kept was his chosen objective after checking into the hotel .
tr	NNS	Looks like that wound is healing okay . "
tr	NN	He didn 't smile , didn 't return my greeting .
tr	NN	Yet a dragon protected her .
tr	NN	Her daddy nods and miles .
tr	NNS	It was a real knack , something Margie had learned that she seemed to lack .
tr	NN	Her halo flared even brighter .
tr	NNS	Dogs don 't fight . "
tr	NN	Ok , so welcome and all that ... yeah , whatever .
tr	NN	The ghoul landed in a splatter of gore and fury .
tr	NNS	Haven 's eyelids fluttered and closed .
tr	NN	Lea 's tail felt better that day , barely feeling any pain in it , but would prefer not to push it .
tr	NN	My bastard of a father made it his goal to terrorize her .
tr	NNS	Alexis asks as she continues to help Emma off of the table .
tr	NN	But there was no burial , since they never found his body . "
tr	NNS	Immortals were impervious to any weapon created by humans .
tr	NN	For instance , with a cord length of twenty-two inches a pendulum circled a silver object twenty two times .
tr	NN	" The new batch of puppies looks very promising , Father .
tr	NN	A lab tech monitoring the screens rises when he sees us , then ushers us over .
tr	NNS	There are consequences for your actions , little girl .
tr	NNS	The colors around him dimmed significantly and the noise of the rain forest disappeared until silence surrounded him .
tr	NNS	Waves of energy cast gently off him like ripples caused by a stone dropped in a pool of water .
tr	NNS	Tris shakes her head like she 's trying to shake the dust out of it .
tr	NN	An old kerosene lantern hanging from a post lit up most of the barn 's inside revealing bales of hay and animal stalls .
tr	NNS	Ghostly rims of haze circled the orbs , droplets of late-summer mist .
tr	NN	" Nothin ' , " he answered .
tr	NNS	Things he couldn 't tell anyone , not even me .
tr	NN	The clash of swords echoed from an open doorway , and he paused .
tr	NN	Sure enough , a squirrel scampered along one of the high branches .
tr	NN	Lust and love flared hot in my core .
tr	NNS	The chains were heavy , weighing down my wrists and ankles .
tr	NN	" Part of this bargain relies on you giving me useful information . "
tr	NNS	The ominous strains of " Finlandia " seemed to grow louder with every labored step .
tr	NN	" Love is simply the fear of loss . "
tr	NN	The attorney quietly left and shut the door behind him .
tr	NNS	The trains made the platforms vibrate , and you could even feel them above-ground .
tr	NNS	Marius whooped loudly from the first buggy as the vehicle slammed down and regained traction .
tr	NNS	Brian shudders slightly and then shakes his head .
tr	NN	What if the spider were to appear at the top of the ladder now ?
tr	NN	' Good advice , ' Love replied .
tr	NNS	After a moment , the letters faded ; I touched the desk again , with the exact same result , the exact same words .
tr	NN	The receptionist stepped in front of Josh and the girls and said , " I 'm sorry , but you should wait out here .
tr	NN	The sheriff put a hand to his mouth .
tr	NNS	The signs may be different . "
tr	NNS	Moses shook his head again and stood up to walk outside .
tr	NNS	There are creatures that lurk here in the shadows .
tr	NN	" If she doesn 't require as much sustenance , perhaps her hunger is more controllable . "
tr	NN	The warrior carried her through an obsidian tunnel .
tr	NN	Just do me a favor , okay ?
tr	NN	Her accent was much more pronounced than Ula 's was .
tr	NN	A masculine chuckle flowed through the room .
tr	NNS	The rebel defenders lining the walls stared back .
tr	NNS	With the power out , the tower levels had stopped rotating and settled into a haphazard corkscrew .
tr	NNS	Crime scenes apparently involve a lot of waiting and standing around .
tr	NN	My theory is that whatever the werewolves were up to in Fairhaven , they 're done and they 've moved on . "
tr	NNS	The ... containment he now lived in had better be obscuring his condition .
tr	NNS	Things were so different than I thought they 'd be , and it was wonderful .
tr	NNS	Others would come looking for this tunnel when he didn 't come back , and there was already someone guarding the entrance .
tr	NN	A knee injury in the minor league ended the baseball and Skinner returned to Marsh Harbor .
tr	NN	This identical scenario played out at the next three farmhouses .
tr	NNS	Not once had Scorch showed his true colors .
tr	NNS	My grandparents took me in until high school was over , and then I moved to the city to study at The New School with Riley .
tr	NN	The caller who was so interested in talking to Peterson was not a reporter .
tr	NN	A moth fluttered in one corner .
tr	NNS	The weekend warriors aren 't aware they will soon be fighting an elusive army .
tr	NNS	The builders had sealed the chimney with a screened vent to allow smoke out but to prevent any squirrels or men from getting in accidentally .
tr	NN	' But my lord , how do we find him when we do not know what it is he wants ? '
tr	NNS	Things got a little screwed up . "
tr	NNS	My recommendations involve moving Aquarius to shallow water just off the North American tectonic plate .
tr	NN	Warmth and cautious optimism trickled through her .
tr	NN	At this point our network had grown so large this was a complete change of pace to our journey out to Arizona almost a year ago .
tr	NNS	Things with Alex were more complicated than ever .
tr	NNS	His instincts , of course , were to find Rhona and protect her .
tr	NNS	Elias nodded as Aidan noticed that Necrosis was headed straight for Bailey , Leah and Ticker .
tr	NNS	Rawlings leaned down to whisper in her ear , " I will always love you , dear Emma .
tr	NN	Cool white marble spread out in both directions .
tr	NN	A giant chandelier hangs from the roof .
tr	NNS	All you creatures have is time . "
tr	NNS	But their actions are greater than ours .
tr	NNS	Things haven 't gone well without you ; the camp needs leadership .
tr	NNS	Cars in other lanes continue to speed past .
tr	NNS	Two more Sentinels rushed the room .
tr	NN	A cowardly , shameless , useless plea .
tr	NNS	Looks like someone else 's powers are on top . "
tr	NN	This poor fellow doesn 't have a mind .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared as he brushed hair away from his face .
tr	NNS	The dwarves were inclined to grumble at this , but the wizard told them they were fools .
tr	NN	This imperial outpost far from the battlefields rarely got a performance this good .
tr	NNS	" The servants speak of a colorful envelope carried by the general when he entered .
tr	NN	The shield wasn 't under pressure , and I was so dizzy and tired that I couldn 't string two thoughts together .
tr	NN	That trickle has slowed and finally stopped as the number of undead outside grew .
tr	NNS	The sirens came long before he reached the burning wreck .
tr	NNS	" Things like what ? "
tr	NNS	Nice hobbits mustn 't go to C sss C those places . '
tr	NNS	Questions Curios grabbing onto Kol 's feet so he lifts up with him dangling in the air .
tr	NNS	and twin glares from the captain and corporal momentarily deflated him .
tr	NN	" Maybe there 's a horse cart of some kind . "
tr	NNS	Flowers of different colors were growing and the grass was reaching for the sky .
tr	NNS	As he revved it , the gears crunched and the wheels started spinning .
tr	NNS	On one side of the top landing strip there were many airplanes docked , awaiting orders to depart at some future time .
tr	NN	The doorknob started to turn again and she grabbed it .
tr	NN	The peasant searched my stern expression .
tr	NN	" There 's a ledge , a large one , just behind us .
tr	NNS	Bottles covered in fake cobwebs were on wooden racks .
tr	NN	But the Master scowled at his back as he went , and remained sitting on the ground .
tr	NN	And , hey , who better to steal money from than an ex-lover who may have spurned her ?
tr	NNS	Others like him out there , thinking , feeling , sending a warning ?
tr	NNS	That earlier fierceness returned .
tr	NN	A roar burst from the shed .
tr	NN	The taint settled in the bones with the ache of a cold , hopeless fate .
tr	NN	But after a thorough search , the diary was nowhere to be found .
tr	NNS	There are no no-go areas in this city .
tr	NNS	" The authorities are checking with other hotels nearby for footage from that night , yes ? "
tr	NNS	Others were like cranky teenagers , still in the throes of sleep and rather unwilling to be woken up .
tr	NNS	Once outside , fumes belched from the metal cars , assaulting his nose .
tr	NN	a senator asks Uriel .
tr	NNS	Her worries were for nothing .
tr	NN	There is no honour amongst thieves , it is said , but there is a code amongst brothers of the Silent Knife . "
tr	NN	He was never fully asleep , only half asleep , and he overheard things he didn , t understand .
tr	NN	" If you have any questions , there is a manual inside the top left drawer of your desk .
tr	NNS	His tender kisses consumed me , overwhelming me with desire .
tr	NNS	Flames erupted all around .
tr	NN	the brunette asked , grinning at Jax .
tr	NN	My agent telephoned me from Hollywood .
tr	NNS	Her mother 's eyelids slid closed .
tr	NN	Another ping sounded as a new message arrived on Aria 's phone .
tr	NNS	There 's a few posters on the wall space between the large windows .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of Brent King and random roses vanished in an instant .
tr	NN	The dark-haired gentleman in the driver 's seat did not smile .
tr	NN	The roar echoed through the canyon , announcing the presence of the waterfall .
tr	NN	His dark scowl would have terrified a lesser woman along with most men .
tr	NN	And if he wasn 't happy about the babe , ' t was his own fault .
tr	NNS	The slate tiles on the sloping roof were just visible between the apple trees .
tr	NN	All was not lost , however , as Arjuna had brought back with him one nugget of advice .
tr	NNS	The brown strands fell around my shoulders in unruly waves .
tr	NNS	Fourteen more floors to go .
tr	NN	Not that Hazel would be any more gentle if he got the chance , but he 'd be more respectful .
tr	NN	The chip was from about 40 feet , and relatively easy .
tr	NN	I ' l tel him what I planned to tel him .
tr	NN	Neither player wanted to go to a sudden death playoff .
tr	NN	A hideous stench filled the air .
tr	NNS	Folks in town were already suspicious enough .
tr	NN	A large boot , this one belonging to Sergeant Pierce , landed on the man 's chest .
tr	NN	Jane 's first instinct was to snap at Frazier for wasting time about such an unimportant detail , but she kept her cool .
tr	NNS	The leaders have a meeting beforehand to officiate it .
tr	NN	The lack of sound suddenly seemed menacing .
tr	NNS	" Our true warriors are coming .
tr	NNS	" Because it doesn 't matter what our differences are .
tr	NN	The adrenaline surging through me makes my voice uneven .
tr	NNS	The confines of the car suddenly felt stuffy .
tr	NNS	There were no Sunday School classes during the summer months , which meant Cody had to sit with Brad and me .
tr	NNS	Million dollar deals that involved the exchange of numerous vices , the worst being narcotics , took place all over the city each month .
tr	NNS	The edges of my vision blacked out and I realized I was only a little push away from fainting .
tr	NN	Sporadic gunfire would erupt whenever one side would catch glimpses of the other .
tr	NN	The audience was silent .
tr	NNS	Their classes are keeping them apart this year , more so than before , and he 's not dealing with it well . "
tr	NNS	The joining wolves rumbled and a few howled as Lina turned to Will and Jaime .
tr	NNS	The fairies soared in the air with a loud screeching noise like a high pitched siren and came at them like a bomb raid .
tr	NNS	Things got better for him once he was sent to the Covenant in England , and then to the one in Nashville .
tr	NN	The warrior signaled me to take the door on the left as he slowly opened the door to the right .
tr	NN	Now the steam began escaping around the edge of the cannonball but nothing more happened .
tr	NN	His fur is dark gray with black spots , his nose is pink with black spots and his eyes are almost blue .
tr	NN	" There is no honor in surrender ! "
tr	NNS	Plans changed after they spotted the police car trailing behind the silver Porsche .
tr	NNS	Stumbling footsteps came closer , and the middle-aged man lit a tobacco pipe .
tr	NNS	The locations varied , but the topic was the same -- peace .
tr	NN	Her front bumper had dented , but the impact hadn 't been enough to pop her trunk .
tr	NNS	If he got out of the house ... My fingernails dug into the stake .
tr	NN	The arrangement he 'd made with Sherman seemed obsolete now .
tr	NN	Her h * ps circled , grinding her trembling flesh against his firm lips .
tr	NNS	Things are going pretty well . "
tr	NN	The only explanation I can come up with is that they knew we were coming and that the bastard used his Illusion Talent to trick us .
tr	NN	The kitten , during meal times , would sit near , watching intently .
tr	NNS	Both computer monitors are on .
tr	NNS	The pupils were huge .
tr	NN	Once there , the trio becomes the target of a seductive spirit .
tr	NN	Finally , Ghost broke the silence .
tr	NNS	But there were some indications that Savannah had been right about my father .
tr	NN	The priest continued on with the wedding .
tr	NNS	Drugs the rumor was , somehow drugs were to blame .
tr	NN	She closed her eyes for a moment before responding , a trick her therapist had taught her .
tr	NNS	Long blades of field grasses and vegetation swayed with the wind .
tr	NNS	Romulus pulled his own pair of sap molds from his pocket .
tr	NNS	Words flew like arrows to find idle ears .
tr	NNS	There were bras and underwear on the list .
tr	NNS	Soldiers and servants hurried around us , and we fell in step with some down a random hall .
tr	NNS	The visitors laughed and applauded .
tr	NN	There was an answering bark .
tr	NNS	" Things aren 't really working out for Chase and me .
tr	NNS	Our fathers were friends , and Christine and I had been introduced years ago at a reception for a private school my father wanted me to attend .
tr	NN	A beautiful angel hovered over him , slowly flapping her wings and telling him to wake up .
tr	NNS	Outside the theater showing this particular movie , there were rows of stroll ers in uniform formation against the wall .
tr	NN	The video was silent ; maybe they 'd heard something in the alley we couldn 't pick up .
tr	NNS	The gears in my brain turned slowly , incorporating his age into what I knew .
tr	NN	Her future mother-in-law hadn 't said or done anything overt , but Alix wasn 't stupid .
tr	NNS	Several zombies had , in the past , employed the Guild to settle scores with their murderers .
tr	NNS	The media was already making their usual conjectures , since no interviews had been granted and there 'd been no sightings .
tr	NNS	The drums took up the dancing beat , and the pipes fell into a dancing rhythm .
tr	NNS	" My motives shouldn 't matter to you .
tr	NNS	And there were paw prints in the supermarket .
tr	NN	Since she 'd been bitten , the sexual urges within her had grown strong .
tr	NNS	Behind us , the speeding hover bikes give chase , and I hear the hum of the Neville I hovercraft hurtling toward the hideout entrance .
tr	NN	Down the corridor the mellow jazz of the Oscar Peterson Trio filled Brady 's office .
tr	NNS	The characters and situations in this book are entirely imaginary and bear no relation to any real person or actual happening .
tr	NN	All their correspondence had been by letter or email .
tr	NNS	Kellen 's hopes were high .
tr	NN	Just remember , if this is a rave , our goal isn 't to close them down tonight .
tr	NNS	Its scales were a deep , royal purple , creating a frightening contrast with the stomach .
tr	NN	... The concept of casual Fridays , " the clone at the microphone concluded .
tr	NNS	Rats , she supposed , died when they should .
tr	NN	" My last master enjoyed their company . "
tr	NNS	Muscled forearms flexed , a dusting of dark hair along tanned skin showing beneath his rolled and cuffed shirt .
tr	NN	An idiot could figure it out .
tr	NNS	Flames with no seeming source burned erratically , but Sebastian couldn 't see the blade .
tr	NNS	My hopes disappeared when I heard voices , distantly , and saw two faeries approaching me on the sidewalk .
tr	NN	Jazz knew she was going pale , but she didn 't look away from his stare .
tr	NN	For some of us , loyalty happens to be an important virtue . "
tr	NNS	The human butterflies had started chanting at the side of the road .
tr	NN	The pilot announced they 'd be receiving permission to take off soon .
tr	NNS	Neutral colors , with navy blue accents , including a navy blue sofa and matching visitor chairs situated on one side of his massive desk .
tr	NNS	Looks like I 'm going to see Gio .
tr	NNS	Dragons did do that sort of thing on occasion .
tr	NNS	The shouts and laughter fly fast and thick .
tr	NN	This whole exercise will take about five minutes and then we can put this horrible ordeal behind us . "
tr	NNS	Still the hallways went downward .
tr	NNS	Nerves withdraw my hand .
tr	NN	sister Joseph 's commentary surfaced immediately , harsh as sandpaper .
tr	NN	But the burly knight noticed immediately that there was a purpose in his master 's manner which had been missing for the past month .
tr	NNS	The dull colors seemed to bring out the green under tone of his pale skin .
tr	NN	In war , a brave , if it were necessary , would put himself in an imperiled position for the good of his people .
tr	NNS	Guns couldn 't physically injure angels , but oh , they could hurt me .
tr	NN	The maid dropped into an exaggerated curtsy and hurried back to a small knot of servants .
tr	NN	The dark haze vanished , taking with it the ocean and the ice formations .
tr	NNS	By the end of the 19th century , scholars were making religion an object of systematic inquiry .
tr	NNS	The neat rows of concrete classrooms looked dull and uninviting like the rest of the town .
tr	NNS	Year after year , the house 's inhospitable ghosts have either driven everyone away or , worse , driven them to suicide .
tr	NNS	" Things have changed .
tr	NN	The tomb exploded with atomic force - even the great foundation stones erupted into the sky - leaving nothing but a gaping crater behind .
tr	NN	The contraption he was riding in , the speed at which it rushed through the streets , made him sick and dizzy .
tr	NNS	If we 're lucky , our organs fail quickly and we die .
tr	NN	My great grandmother , my mom 's grandmother , had been a combat soldier in Mexico 's revolution of 1910 .
tr	NNS	" The supplies , " he said .
tr	NNS	Girls like you keep boys at arm 's length .
tr	NNS	" My supplies are back in El Mirador . "
tr	NNS	The antibiotics failed to control the disease and he slipped into a coma .
tr	NNS	After about an hour the shouts died down , and the noises drifted away .
tr	NNS	The countess commanded attention .
tr	NNS	Others fight against them C there are many in both clans who do not wish for peace C but the voices of reason are winning out . "
tr	NNS	But as Emerson kisses away the worried crease between my eyebrows , all those unknown factors fade away .
tr	NNS	Then beloved ideas came to me , because I was a Jew .
tr	NNS	" My apologies , High Lord , " she said quietly .
tr	NNS	" Why are these origins different ? "
tr	NNS	From across the way , torches burned brightly as the knights prepared to ride from the castle compound .
tr	NNS	The images that filled his head were relentlessly dark .
tr	NNS	And the lands here do not yield many crops .
tr	NN	The chaplain looked surprised .
tr	NN	The photograph of the little swimming critters then morphed into a really realistic drawing , which turned into a cartoon .
tr	NN	The spider moved , showing itself briefly before she turned again to give him a full frontal view .
tr	NNS	" Orders are orders , Ancient One . "
tr	NNS	On the horizon , what once was a field of jagged mountain peaks was now but a towering mound of polished stone .
tr	NN	Then the aura of my distress enveloped her , cutting short whatever cleverness she had planned .
tr	NNS	Chess , who was the nearer , vaulted on top of me .
tr	NNS	Cars hurtled by , but none stopped or even slowed down .
tr	NN	" I don 't have the patience today , guy , so spare me the Vaudeville routine .
tr	NNS	However , Pearl 's eyelids grew heavier with each passing hour and she eventually found herself rolling in and out of sleep .
tr	NNS	My instincts were howling like a group of banshees .
tr	NNS	There are some freaks out there if you catch my drift . "
tr	NN	A quarter of an hour later , when the ferry was well in the distance , the crowd parted and their group returned home .
tr	NNS	In the corners of the room , ladies sip tea from china cups .
tr	NNS	Around us , harried servants were trying to organize the assembled throng into some type of order .
tr	NNS	Such a ruckus there was next door .
tr	NN	He placed one palm against the wall , effectively caging her in , his body language blatant , possessive , deliberately easy to read .
tr	NN	Even one sentence will help .
tr	NN	Every self-protective instinct screamed alarm in his presence and today the scream was louder than ever .
tr	NNS	Looks like the television station ´ s trying to regain control as it finally does .
tr	NNS	A few more inches and her latest wound would have killed her .
tr	NNS	Your actions will be with you every day of your life .
tr	NNS	The duchess paused , waiting for an argument from her grandson , but Tony merely regarded her in noncommittal silence .
tr	NN	His shoulder ached and his hip felt as if someone had slugged him with a baseball bat there .
tr	NNS	Some legends , a demon had once jeered at him , proclaimed him to be a three-headed centaur .
tr	NN	There was a long hesitation before she responded .
tr	NN	The Gunner from the Albatross was screaming now , and striving to wrestle himself free of the grip of the Captain , but to no avail .
tr	NNS	Romulus knew Viktor was right , but that did not lessen his frustration as he unfolded his map to continue scouring the edge of the western forest .
tr	NNS	" There are no stakes . "
tr	NNS	Parts of it would seem to come into focus ... and then drop back again just before identification was possible .
tr	NN	A very wicked gleam brightened his gaze .
tr	NNS	A thousand chills shot through him as she slid his coat over his shoulders and dropped it to the floor .
tr	NN	Markus ' identification badge felt heavy in his shirt pocket .
tr	NNS	The colors and shapes and even the wallpaper flowed to soothe , to relax .
tr	NN	The shove caused a shock wave of pain behind my eyes .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids were dark as well and her eyelashes had grown back long and thick .
tr	NNS	There aren 't any other white wolves in the pack . "
tr	NN	" There was a complication there . "
tr	NNS	His eyelids dropped for a second as if he , too , were overwhelmed by what he did .
tr	NNS	Others were snatched and drank dry of blood .
tr	NNS	The first isolated Scots were now almost across the ford , but their ranks have been heavily decimated and they are near breaking point .
tr	NN	As I cry out , doubling over in anguish , the rope around my wrists finally gives way .
tr	NNS	Its strange actions worried Gray .
tr	NN	The 24th Division had been part of the one hundred thousand Allied troops in Afghanistan when ' the Pulse ' hit .
tr	NN	The baron laughed heartily again .
tr	NN	Started a second lieutenant , finished a full colonel . "
tr	NN	An instant later , the doorknob wriggled as if someone were trying to open it .
tr	NN	My guardian angel had been neither a guardian nor an angel .
tr	NNS	How are your letters coming along ? "
tr	NNS	Others have furniture and potted trees .
tr	NN	He had bruises on his face , clothing shredded in several places .
tr	NNS	The abilities could be getting better as they evolve . "
tr	NN	" Kiss me or let me go , " I final y said in a miserable voice , hot tears stinging my eyes .
tr	NN	The concept danced around my brain .
tr	NN	The concept was a strange one to kobolds .
tr	NN	Now his core threatened to dry out but still his beating heart refused to silence .
tr	NN	Part of accomplishing my goals meant that I needed to become a valuable employee at Hunter Corp. .
tr	NN	Clyde 's astonishment had been so great that his wide eyes had said everything that he had wanted to convey .
tr	NN	My grandma could do it , if she were still alive . "
tr	NN	A low growl then sounded from above and he looked up toward the steel beams of the overpass .
tr	NN	" From the TV show ? "
tr	NN	The white fox grunted then shot a bullet of blue flames from its mouth .
tr	NNS	Loud shouts and yelling filled the room while the four judges tried to get the room under control .
tr	NN	By the end of our venture , Palgrave and I were deep in debt with nothing to show fer it , " the captain explained .
tr	NNS	Things were going good so far .
tr	NNS	Their faces were feral , hateful masks stretched over bone , wanting to tear their enemies into bloody bits and pieces .
tr	NN	My donor blinked and nodded when I whispered the instructions to forget about me .
tr	NN	A deep growl rumbles from its chest and its thin , black lips snarl back and reveal oversized , pointed teeth .
tr	NN	The tattooed hunter tossed the keys to me and pointed toward the direction of the highway .
tr	NN	Soon the campfire was lit and the evening meal was being prepared .
tr	NNS	Words drifted back to her .
tr	NN	Part of me felt offended .
tr	NNS	Its paws pranced up in the air in a very familiar and very cute feline kind of way .
tr	NN	What was the reward ?
tr	NNS	Beautiful oak bookshelves circled the entire room , filled with books of all sorts of shapes , colors and sizes .
tr	NNS	Questions burned through her : What revelations could be hidden within the pages of this lost Gospel ?
tr	NN	There was some scattered applause and some words of approval .
tr	NN	But your guilt was already strong .
tr	NN	Despite the dire situation , his posture was loose and limber .
tr	NNS	Animals didn 't amount to the same thrill as a human , or another vampire .
tr	NNS	The new arrivals washed into the courtyard , and soon the fight became more fierce and violent .
tr	NNS	Samuels forcefully expelled his breath .
tr	NN	His arrival in a heap was swift .
tr	NN	The flashlight revealed a group of at least ten infected , all rearing to attack .
tr	NNS	Our roads go together C to Isengard ! '
tr	NN	The angel that was arguing with Raphael sighed .
tr	NNS	His last figures had been from too far back .
tr	NNS	Others might be much more difficult and time consuming , but she was learning .
tr	NN	Her embarrassment had turned instantly to anger .
tr	NNS	The aliens were crafty .
tr	NN	The bastard had tracked Olivia to the mainland .
tr	NNS	Acid drips from his mouth causing smoke to rise where it falls .
tr	NNS	There were no signs of the demons he thought he had seen .
tr	NNS	" The duchess saw me , indeed . "
tr	NNS	Your prayers are the light in the darkness and will show us the way .
tr	NN	What 's the latest status of the fleet ? "
tr	NN	" Maybe there was some familial loyalty left in his cold dead heart . "
tr	NN	A crash came to his ears , but he could not tell if it was from the downstairs hallway .
tr	NNS	As distant as she kept people , chances were no one would even know she 'd died .
tr	NN	Maybe she 'll calm down if I leave you two alone for a minute , " said the old medic , turning away .
tr	NNS	His movements were slow and deliberate as he took his time , savoring every moment .
tr	NNS	There are no directions for us .
tr	NN	What is your status ? "
tr	NN	Lie low , make sure she 's feeling better . "
tr	NN	A sob broke free from me and that seemed to firm up Denny 's mind .
tr	NN	" But his grandmother is dying ! "
tr	NN	The Master stood over his apprentice as he finished the last page of the massive book .
tr	NNS	Things are ... better now , aren 't they ? "
tr	NNS	The cameras panned back over the mountainside , attempting to spot the two children .
tr	NN	There was a large walk-in pantry .
tr	NN	Maybe slender was quite the in thing during the sixteenth century .
tr	NN	The Governor 's Compound had a full staff of service robots , of course .
tr	NN	The sensitive gargoyle was instantly contrite .
tr	NN	And standby camera one . "
tr	NNS	Sirens screamed in the night .
tr	NNS	Valerius stared at his opponent for a long , silent moment .
tr	NNS	Her footprints are shallow in the snow .
tr	NN	" We ' l have a visitor soon , my lady . "
tr	NNS	Rolling hills loomed in the distance , and she could see a river snaking through acres of swamp .
tr	NN	An owl hooted , fluttering from the branches of an oak to a maple .
tr	NN	She real y did . "
tr	NNS	The Day Soldiers drove them out .
tr	NNS	Glass cases held the day 's food assortment .
tr	NN	There 's a big race coming up at school .
tr	NN	A leopard , fur burning on its hindquarters , ran past them at noon .
tr	NNS	Both siblings started and looked behind them to their mother .
tr	NN	The pattern was arresting , though Norman could not immediately say why .
tr	NNS	Each Christmas and several other times during the year , the members of St. Mark 's Church donated food to be distributed to the needy .
tr	NN	The stuffed kitten and bear flew by my ear and landed on the grass in front of me .
tr	NN	" That was just in case things got bad before they arrived , " her former partner told us .
tr	NN	Despair fills me , and I scramble to think of some way to turn his own desire against him , but I cannot .
tr	NNS	Two members of the GP are dead . "
tr	NN	A jukebox was in the rear corner of the restaurant with loud , blaring music that did little to sooth his frayed nerves .
tr	NNS	The previous letters have disappeared and new ones replace it .
tr	NN	Her stubborn ear infection would be a thing of the past then .
tr	NNS	" Dogs can be a real problem . "
tr	NNS	Others had fangs or were of Venetian design , decorated with leaves and feathers .
tr	NN	Her pencil stilled for an instant .
tr	NN	As soon as she had reached , the aged healer standing by her had provided an instant remedy for the boy 's wounds .
tr	NN	His breath fell fast and shallow , his flank pressed firm against the pillar shielding him as the footsteps moved closer .
tr	NNS	Both halves were dark and full of equipment and cobwebs .
tr	NNS	The creatures could bleed , but how do you kill something that is formed of pure magic ?
tr	NNS	Its attempts were short-lived .
tr	NNS	" Things at home are really that bad , huh ? "
tr	NN	' There 's a photograph in my bag of the man who has been hired to kill you . '
tr	NNS	Others might hold the color of her skin against her , and still others might not like her personally .
tr	NNS	His chains trailed behind him .
tr	NNS	The chances of us succeeding in apprehending Adam Pierce were already close to zero .
tr	NN	The probe passed slowly , but he remained deep within the eagle , holding himself still .
tr	NN	The final photograph , dated June 12 , 1986 , showed the same woman , now quite old , standing between a smiling young couple .
tr	NNS	My teachers certainly knew but I had made it very clear that I wanted no one else to know .
tr	NNS	Waves of heat radiated off him , carrying the smell of soap toward her .
tr	NNS	Silver blades of moonlight divided the angles and planes of his face .
tr	NNS	Over the route there were six other attempts and all were thwarted .
tr	NNS	Her defenses were finally falling away , and if I was going to get a chance to get into her life , this would be it .
tr	NN	" They weren 't singled out for special judgment like we were , " said the gym teacher .
tr	NNS	Several more rows of black curtains hung behind the stage concealing the cinder block wall at the back .
tr	NN	There was a crash and water arced all around .
tr	NNS	The nurses didn 't even ask to see his citizenship card , not in a place like this .
tr	NNS	Julia 's face paled and Douglas nearly laughed at her horrified expression .
tr	NN	That innocence , she thought , remains in children as a reminder of mankind 's original perfection .
tr	NNS	Words could barely express what she was feeling .
tr	NNS	Those thousands of souls extinguished .
tr	NN	Thinking of hazards and security in general led my thoughts in another direction .
tr	NNS	Anthony removes the amulet from his neck , pulls out a knife and his blood drips first onto the crystal white stone .
tr	NNS	Words would surely flow forth at any moment .
tr	NN	Under Tam 's bed there is a small and very , very faint blob of blue light .
tr	NN	Part of her wanted to bolt , right there .
tr	NN	" Ok then Jessica ?
tr	NNS	Words escaped her mouth .
tr	NN	Every commander needed a little luck , and the best seemed to create it .
tr	NNS	Everywhere I look , there are other creatures .
tr	NNS	... and levers and wheels , and ... greasy ... there 's someone caught in the gears ! "
tr	NN	" My uncle said Wesley had a house near here .
tr	NN	A sliver , no more than a shard , broke away ; a miniscule crack in Lionel 's otherwise solid psychic defenses .
tr	NN	In my other world , the garage had always been Dad 's domain , so I figured that was true here too .
tr	NNS	Other rats just ran around squeaking and messing up things , and that was quite good enough to convince humans there was a plague .
tr	NN	The ledge was very wide where they currently stood , and ran more or less level before it tapered to nothing in front of them .
tr	NN	An altar covered in blood .
tr	NN	The little replica of Henrietta was eerie in the half-light , the die-cast cars parked on the streets appearing as though they had just paused .
tr	NNS	The creatures rushed forward and leaped at their prey .
tr	NN	The cord buzzed along , a constant open connection .
tr	NNS	Things had been so awkward since that afternoon on my front porch a few days before .
tr	NNS	Words and arrogance poured out of his mouth .
tr	NNS	Usually the pills made her slightly nauseous at worst .
tr	NNS	Things were about to change .
tr	NNS	Carven figures of beasts and birds there ran upon the walls , or climbed upon the pillars , or peered among the branches entwined with many flowers .
tr	NNS	All immortals were " frozen " into their immortality when they reached the peak of their strength and were best able to survive .
tr	NNS	Bugs was already at the Rat 's Tail , sitting at a table while the tavern staff readied the place for operation later that day .
tr	NNS	The tunnels were easy to follow for a Ground Squirrel , even in the absolute blackness of that world .
tr	NN	My lack of oxygen had nothing to do with how good he looked in his tight T-shirt .
tr	NN	Survival instinct kicked in , forcing me to mechanically climb through the window on to the roughly eighteen inch stone ledge outside .
tr	NNS	Maybe the cliffs block the view - and thinking about what they would say .
tr	NN	The referee quickly stepped between Lea and Valeria .
tr	NN	" My wonderful darling little girl ?
tr	NNS	Following football camp , practices had begun a few weeks earlier , and Andrew was busy most days .
tr	NN	Perhaps medical aid is here .
tr	NN	Every instinct in my body told me an army waited over the crest , just waiting for the signal to attack us .
tr	NN	The storage unit would yield only the scraps from the storage area above the garage or drawers Malcolm 's family had overlooked .
tr	NNS	And if Ella was here , chances were good that Beth was alone .
tr	NN	Like it was an annoyance to be doing this .
tr	NN	A brief scuffle ensued , during which the door did open , allowing Jane and her posse to breeze in .
tr	NN	The tiny Death of Fleas stood up , looking embarrassed but hopeful .
tr	NN	You know , drummers never get any respect , " the brunette replied .
tr	NNS	There were thousands of other fish in the sea .
tr	NN	The dragon will miss the man child , when we part ways . "
tr	NN	Did the medic get to her in time ? "
tr	NNS	There are squares on the ground drawn in chalk where you 're supposed to stand .
tr	NNS	And with his words came images , ones I made up in my own mind .
tr	NNS	" There are rats though . "
tr	NN	As fortune would have it , another cow gave birth prematurely to a dead calf that same evening .
tr	NNS	Small changes in my body chemistry allowed them to determine , without delay , the exact moment I began to use my abilities .
tr	NNS	The villagers stared at them the same way when they got to what looked like the main street .
tr	NN	The snake 's dead , and while she got bitten , there 's a blessing in it all , since you heard the gunfire . "
tr	NNS	Looks like she 's going to the party after all .
tr	NNS	The whispers begin soon enough behind me , commenting on every single inch of me .
tr	NN	The determination on Jorge 's face left no doubt what he had in mind .
tr	NN	Love means never having to say you 're sorry . "
tr	NNS	His actions startled her .
tr	NNS	Curious , she opened the door to the left of the bed and stepped inside , surprised to find a small bathroom .
tr	NNS	The mountain roads were quite narrow , and it was actually easier to get around on horseback , which pleased Takeshi to no end .
tr	NNS	Things always felt better after a bath .
tr	NN	Liz 's spine shivered .
tr	NN	Or was isolation driving me to madness ?
tr	NNS	" All tests confirm the diagnosis .
tr	NNS	Marius keyed the ignition again and the chugs came slower and weaker : wuh ... wuh ... wuh .
tr	NNS	His siblings expressed worry about their brother 's sadness .
tr	NN	The hound screamed in fury and lunged .
tr	NN	The government was strangely silent on the subject .
tr	NN	Ten dragon scales . "
tr	NN	Their combined momentum , however , pushed him back into the door , slamming it closed on Beth .
tr	NN	" What 's the dragon for ? "
tr	NNS	In his old neighborhood , prostitutes openly walked the streets and meth labs occupied every other house .
tr	NNS	There were realities , as well .
tr	NN	" A prophecy of Troy 's defeat .
tr	NNS	His thumbs moved on my shoulders .
tr	NNS	Others splashed harmlessly into the water .
tr	NN	There is a tour , following Jonathan Harker 's route to Transylvania .
tr	NNS	A dozen or so technicians on the deck all look at each then turn and run toward the nearest exit .
tr	NNS	Two mercenaries found their way past Riad and she missed the one she fired at with her arrow .
tr	NN	" Oh , yes , I ... " She looked at him then , her eyes unblinking and her lips slightly parted to form a startled expression .
tr	NNS	The green banks of trees were thinning out and now she could see a sweep of marbled countryside to either side .
tr	NNS	My spies told me that years ago . "
tr	NNS	The few drops of her blood he had tasted had already begun to change him .
tr	NN	The Assembly was a better way .
tr	NN	The colonel had actually been planning to follow on the sergeant 's recommendation to remove her .
tr	NN	" The senator 's dead . "
tr	NNS	The fears I had just felt , the apprehension that made me careful before , melted away and I let his energy consume me .
tr	NN	Love stared hard at the wall on the other side of the room as though the answer was written there .
tr	NN	Seconds later , their employer was in kitchen .
tr	NN	The helper , startled , swiveled to face them .
tr	NNS	A great cheer arose from the warriors , the drums of the Great Hall beat loudly and more barrels of Po were opened .
tr	NNS	" Those pricks will pay .
tr	NN	American football , on the other hand , is quite painful . "
tr	NNS	The eggs rode in the cab .
tr	NN	A mob of people made their way onto the boardwalk at the far end , led by a Seminole Indian and men in khaki shorts .
tr	NNS	Chills coursed through my body as realization set in .
tr	NNS	Things get lost . "
tr	NNS	However , all these factors have affected his character and made him perfect .
tr	NNS	" Others , " Donovan continued , " have a much more difficult time of it . "
tr	NN	The DNA scanner was practically useless out here .
tr	NNS	Most members tread softly around the issue to avoid losing the one treasury that had been so often nearly lost to humanity over the centuries .
tr	NNS	He flattened against Aeron 's chest , his green scales fading slightly .
tr	NN	" Perhaps those guards we saw just before were his , " a warrior from behind added .
tr	NN	What 's one o ' them things ? '
tr	NN	There 's a pinch and a deep burn as he injects me , and I cry out .
tr	NNS	The assembled members began eagerly shouting questions all at once , wishing to know what was ahead of them .
tr	NN	Dirt and straw cover the stable floor , and there are five stalls on either side of the hallway .
tr	NNS	" The rods are causing heat .
tr	NNS	All the skills you learned are still there and they 'll listen to your suspicions . "
tr	NNS	Their kisses were passionate , luxurious .
tr	NN	I considered pinching him so that he would make a movement , any flinch would do .
tr	NNS	Things just didn 't feel right .
tr	NN	The tightness and size of his muscles always takes me aback .
tr	NN	My goal is to forget the unspeakable events of these past eleven days .
tr	NN	167 , 166 , 165 ... The unit smelled like a distillery .
tr	NN	" The notebook was never here was it ? "
tr	NNS	Americus asked as Bax picked it up .
tr	NN	There was a shriek from below .
tr	NNS	Lauren 's sobs grew louder .
tr	NN	An empty belly paid no heed to time .
tr	NNS	" A few kisses , a few shots of tequila , and there I was with my dress up around my waist .
tr	NNS	Looks like metal but feels like something else .
tr	NN	I find Melina seated at her dining room table , an elegant shawl wrapped around her thin shoulders .
tr	NN	The fresh scar and stitches are neat , but more sizable then what city doctors and their technology can accomplish .
tr	NNS	My blood races furiously through every loft of my body .
tr	NN	What did our friend Jimmy have to say about me ? "
tr	NN	A blush started at my neck and worked its way up .
tr	NNS	The motorcycles roared away .
tr	NNS	Soulless creatures have no place here and I don 't want her near Pagan . "
tr	NNS	The sea lay below him down a rugged path , the cliffs soared high behind .
tr	NN	As she turned to leave , a perky blonde shoved a microphone at her .
tr	NN	" What is this diversion you mentioned , Domi ? "
tr	NN	The secure compartment under the cabin 's floor could provide a perfect place .
tr	NNS	The creaks suggested it may have been better to stay on the ground .
tr	NNS	Soldiers were still leaving bases east of Biloxi .
tr	NN	There was an intersection just ahead , and torchlight flickered from the rightmost tunnel .
tr	NNS	Images of Oscar flooded my mind .
tr	NNS	Elias was holding Malcolm hostage and as long as Michael played along , he would live .
tr	NN	A chuckle escaped her .
tr	NN	His art teacher showed him a great deal of appreciation for listening to her five minute lecture about color mixing .
tr	NNS	Perhaps there are occasional spontaneous leaks . "
tr	NNS	Reyes gave her some much-needed space , leaving the room to take care of other business .
tr	NN	Grandfather and grandson stood side by side , watching the cake come to a halt .
tr	NNS	Delores suggested my theory was something Detective Thurman was considering .
tr	NNS	All the other couples were leaving the dance floor .
tr	NN	What an idiot I was .
tr	NN	And there was the leader .
tr	NN	Apparently the drugs squad in Nottingham wanted us to trace a call made from the hotel two days ago to a suspect they are tailing . '
tr	NN	" But glamour doesn 't make zombies of anyone .
tr	NN	The writing , as one would expect , was irregular , messy , and heavy .
tr	NNS	" Precious metals of course , rare woods and fruits , but the cities are always eager for new technology . "
tr	NNS	The rats stop tumbling around each other and looked at the bird .
tr	NNS	Doors opened at the other end of the room , a woman & a couple others walked in with her .
tr	NN	The next page bore a picture of a very pregnant Rachel .
tr	NN	The dark caller sneered , " the time has come for the beast to appear .
tr	NNS	Thankfully , his cousins had arrived last evening and Anthony and his mother had been able to depart .
tr	NN	The vortex faded and there was now no evidence of her dive .
tr	NNS	Elias lost the smile .
tr	NNS	The harsh winds pushed against its rusted side and made the metal creak and moan .
tr	NNS	The dinosaurs stared after it .
tr	NNS	Of course , there weren 't any fairies .
tr	NNS	There were signs pointing to hospitals and streets dotted with chain stores that they were likely to encounter again and again during the tip .
tr	NNS	Things like the shire raising funds to return some capital to the family .
tr	NN	The small stroke across her nub made her cry out and slam down on his cock .
tr	NNS	The artists who end up practicing art as a hobby are usually happier but far poorer .
tr	NN	Once they passed out of the dangers of early infancy , gentry were remarkably hardy .
tr	NNS	" The contents of Altair 's library . "
tr	NN	' The pit 's under the beam over there .
tr	NNS	The gunslinger 's nostrils flared like those of an ape .
tr	NNS	Pia 's eyelids drooped , and she gripped his arm hard .
tr	NN	The studio 's empty for the next few days .
tr	NNS	" But there are other possibilities , right ? "
tr	NN	Part of his mind tried to balk at what it tried to declare treasonous behavior .
tr	NN	" My , your daddy must be a shrewd businessman . "
tr	NN	The dark illness that plagued his master .
tr	NN	But that real y didn 't matter right now .
tr	NN	In some places , a short staircase enabled us to step over the lowest arms .
tr	NN	The bastard was in the adjoining room , gun aimed at the door .
tr	NNS	Rawlings appeared out of nowhere like most rakes and degenerates and grabbed Emma 's hand before Sebastian could protest .
tr	NNS	" The flags were still flying four days later , as I was taken away in the back of an SS truck .
tr	NNS	Doors on both sides allowed for easy entry and exit from any seat .
tr	NN	" How intense is this rivalry ? "
tr	NNS	Her cheekbones were sallow and thin .
tr	NNS	Odysseus hadn 't heard what it was .
tr	NNS	" My apologies , " Grayling said stiffly , also rising as excited voices approached .
tr	NNS	Questions Curios eyeing everyone .
tr	NNS	The creature 's footsteps indicated it was close , now .
tr	NN	The captain tapped his headset .
tr	NN	The honeymoon was my gift to you .
tr	NN	Sure enough , the majority of ladies headed for the washrooms and the gentlemen toward the bar .
tr	NN	Love had always been so disappointing .
tr	NNS	If anything , her efforts only made her cry more .
tr	NNS	Romulus took the opportunity to get Viktor 's attention .
tr	NNS	My employers are quite well off and have a fine house in another part of the town . '
tr	NN	Her inability to see anything heightened her other senses .
tr	NN	The surgeon walked over to them as a nurse and two surgical techs followed .
tr	NNS	These sectors of the Tower were populated enough that lamps burned on the walls , trimmed low , giving an orange light .
tr	NNS	There were enough colors along to street to be welcoming , but the buildings were small and held a number of families each .
tr	NNS	But , creatures from the spiritual realms that bled over into the physical world were an eye opening experience .
tr	NN	A real footman would keep his eyes in his head instead of ogling the lady , hoping to see a slender wrist or a neatly turned ankle .
tr	NN	' Right , ' Love said , thrusting his hands deep into his trouser pockets .
tr	NN	There was no rope hanging from the beam and no discarded noose .
tr	NNS	Words that begged , promised , cajoled , and pleaded .
tr	NN	The dark elf smiled slightly .
tr	NNS	The coyotes have been . '
tr	NNS	' Things are warming up .
tr	NN	His African accent had a deep timbre that commanded respect .
tr	NNS	Moses remembered the girl .
tr	NN	Every nerve fired , every inch of me alive .
tr	NN	After working on the dislocated hip , the orthopedic surgeon inserted a metal rod into his broken femur and secured it with metal screws .
tr	NN	The leader looked over his shoulder and bared his teeth in a grin .
tr	NN	A derisive snort escaped me but I followed it with a nod .
tr	NNS	The Portals movies had been so profitable because they had been relatively inexpensive to make , considering the spectacular special effects they contained .
tr	NN	The slug just went in and bounced around once or twice and that was all she wrote .
tr	NNS	Things weren 't going so well for Lea .
tr	NN	" Ok , let me call her and see how busy she is . "
tr	NN	The captain curses under his breath .
tr	NNS	Looks like a lot of guns hanging off , and the exterior looks well shielded . "
tr	NN	Clear brown liquid sloshed within .
tr	NNS	Dragons were not beasts of burden and Izzy , of all humans , knew this .
tr	NN	" And there 's milk too .
tr	NN	Jazz set the box down on the corner of her desk .
tr	NN	A trumpet player stood underneath the famous lamppost in Pirate 's Alley serenading a handful of tourists .
tr	NNS	The two warring nations dissolved into a thousand highly personal fights .
tr	NN	" What did ma and you have to discuss all afternoon ? "
tr	NNS	Ninety levels and nearly 4000 feet and she did it in an hour .
tr	NNS	And my shyness keeps me from opening up too much about it .
tr	NN	Ice melting made it slightly slippery .
tr	NNS	Things just built from there .
tr	NN	Even though night had fallen , the van was too warm with the air conditioner off .
tr	NN	Jazz hung up without a response .
tr	NN	The nagging that said maybe this had all been for nothing .
tr	NNS	Questions filled my mind , but I had no answers .
tr	NNS	Gramps says , looking at me and smiling .
tr	NNS	There were rope burns and dried blood on her ankles and wrists .
tr	NNS	Too many ladies had a weakness for a pretty face , and he had a face prettier than most .
tr	NN	The greatest damage was that the smell of the sweet , herbal liquor permeated him .
tr	NN	The strange euphoria was still bubbling in her blood .
tr	NNS	Such devoted attentions and such a wealth of consideration after so little are an unbridled pleasure .
tr	NNS	We walked on the beach , went to restaurants , a normal life .
tr	NNS	The one Casey had admired .
tr	NNS	My instincts scream at me to finish the fight but I disregard them and slowly lower my knife to the ground .
tr	NN	It showed a flying tiger swooping over a pond near a fanciful castle , its reflection somewhat blurred in the rippling water .
tr	NN	How could the Lycan council sentence Dimitri to such a torturous death and then go to a meeting with the Carpathians discussing becoming allies with them ?
tr	NNS	Girls don 't like shooting books . "
tr	NNS	Others had stopped to watch .
tr	NN	The chaos above continued .
tr	NN	An audio recording played as the man sat with a grim seriousness . "
tr	NN	The melody was different , the few words she might recognize not there .
tr	NN	The steady pulse from the EKG begins to increase again .
tr	NNS	Filing cabinets stretched along one wall , and potted plants seemed to cover every available horizontal plane .
tr	NNS	Here and there ferns gathered amongst the great trunks of old trees .
tr	NNS	His pupils are so large that his eyes look nearly black .
tr	NN	" There 's no explanation for it .
tr	NN	Nearly fifteen feet up , a wide gap in the chimney wall was an easy exit point .
tr	NN	The policeman will be in for each of you in a minute .
tr	NNS	Lives depended on the success of tonight 's mission .
tr	NNS	The boards moved beneath my feet , the hollow sound carrying to her .
tr	NN	The mermaid with blue hair laughed .
tr	NNS	There were prints on the wall by American artists , a TV ten years out of date , which Kat guessed was never used .
tr	NNS	" His instincts as a driver probably saved them .
tr	NN	" Yeah , but every page just says ' Tim . " '
tr	NNS	The winnings aren 't make or break for me . "
tr	NNS	The Outcast warriors had risen well before dawn and prepared themselves for battle .
tr	NNS	These alien types don 't mix well with Lady Justice . "
tr	NN	After we left , his promised reward did not make him forget .
tr	NN	Even the colonel knew there would be no legal recourse in the new world rising from the ashes of the old .
tr	NNS	For the most part , the cousins let Kevin do as he wished with Neil and pretended there was nothing wrong with it .
tr	NN	The chaos made her feel utterly hopeless .
tr	NNS	' Things are tight for me too , with the baby coming .
tr	NN	The matron , Mary , rang up Salisbury Infirmary and spoke to Ruth .
tr	NNS	The fish warriors wore heavy metal necklaces .
tr	NN	Your basic love story .
tr	NNS	Our ancestors were too grateful just to get any kind of wine .
tr	NNS	Eddie ducks and the fry goes over her head .
tr	NNS	" Many old European churches keep artifacts in their churches as shrines .
tr	NN	The carpet was soft and the color of cream , and the walls were painted the same rich red as the entrance hall .
tr	NNS	The demands of her classes and her team became a bit of a grind , but it always was a grind .
tr	NN	" A serial killer . "
tr	NNS	Many generations went by and so far and there is no sign indicating to us that things will change . "
tr	NNS	His eyelids flickered , eyes roaming around the circle of beings that surrounded him .
tr	NN	the gruff looking woman behind the counter assumed .
tr	NN	the captain called back .
tr	NN	The warrior gave us a weary smile and stated , " I think we 've done a good job .
tr	NNS	The twists and turns here were mindboggling .
tr	NNS	The chances of you finding your soul mate before transformation are ... Well , it 's never happened before .
tr	NN	The pun drew little laughter .
tr	NN	A tiny feather fell on his nose and his eyes crossed to look at it .
tr	NN	" Your widow , you mean . "
tr	NNS	The villagers disappeared again and the children were quietly absorbed by the forest .
tr	NNS	Our kisses were hungry .
tr	NN	" A little liar like you needs to be disciplined . "
tr	NNS	Hospital staff members are passing out blankets to the wet , panicked masses crowding every inch of the hallways and waiting rooms .
tr	NNS	The two characters , Lisa and Todd , seemed to be involved in some kind of amateur sleuthing while falling in love .
tr	NN	The mountain was nearer .
tr	NNS	The murders , " Nick said , his voice hard .
tr	NNS	Looks to me like you gave up before you even started . "
tr	NNS	The villagers told him that he is having a meeting with the hunters regarding the defense .
tr	NN	The glamour he wore was impressive .
tr	NN	What 's your benefit from this ? "
tr	NN	Jazz stood and held up two fingers .
tr	NNS	Now , his instincts as a gentleman had him reaching for her backpack .
tr	NNS	Other carved figures in various niches stretched around the stone crescent .
tr	NN	" Ham , " the newcomer said , stepping through the gate .
tr	NN	" My Aunt Maya gave it to me .
tr	NN	Jerome 's aura washed over us as he materialized by the kitchen table .
tr	NN	His praise brought a smile to her face .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids remained closed and her chest beat in a steady rhythm .
tr	NN	The recruiting sergeant stood rigidly to attention outside his domain .
tr	NNS	" Others know about this ? "
tr	NN	My determination to see this through intensified .
tr	NNS	The ceilings are just as high up here , but there aren 't any inner walls .
tr	NN	" Welcome , everyone , " the mayor started .
tr	NN	the shuttle 's pilot said .
tr	NNS	Four trillion , seven billion , thirty-six million , nine thousand , seven hundred , and fifty-eight matches . "
tr	NNS	My forced cheerfulness was clearly throwing him off a little bit , but he smiled back and went along with it .
tr	NN	Even dating may end in heartbreak .
tr	NNS	There are other dimensions with similar beings .
tr	NN	With that pronouncement , the priest left the chamber .
tr	NN	Using sign language the elf then indicates that Jake should grasp the knob and turn it .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of the necklace faded .
tr	NN	Jazz stuck with her pistol .
tr	NN	This weekend vacation was heading in a completely new direction .
tr	NNS	Even her delightful , swaying hip movement made him burp .
tr	NNS	All characters and their portrayal are fictitious , with no intentional resemblance to anyone dead or alive .
tr	NN	The bullet tore through Romulus ' shoulder .
tr	NNS	" No buts , Dreamer Black - go and make me some coffee . "
tr	NNS	Once ashore , the three companions wandered around the massive temporary encampment that had grown all around the small town .
tr	NN	" There is no trespassing nowadays . "
tr	NNS	Their tongues danced , long , open-mouthed kisses she drowned in .
tr	NNS	Things are starting to come back into focus now , but ... why am I crying ?
tr	NNS	There were paintings on the wall of previous leaders of Ironside and the air dragon god .
tr	NNS	" Take it slow driving home -- the roads are bad .
tr	NN	Sherry steam rose and disappeared into the night .
tr	NNS	Some supernaturals lie ... " Kylie nodded , only half listening , and that 's when it hit .
tr	NNS	Hephaestus smiled and held up a metal tube .
tr	NN	The buggy drifted to the side to avoid a large rock .
tr	NNS	Luckily , my directness didn 't seem to irritate him .
tr	NNS	Lights splashed along the kitchen window and I looked up from the table to see Sawyer 's car in the drive .
tr	NN	" Walk and bring the shovel , " the intruder said , motioning to the trees .
tr	NNS	As the lights descended , the warriors stepped into them , glowing for a moment .
tr	NNS	There are many signs of this sort , all of which would be beneficial for Kane to know .
tr	NN	" The one Louisa handed to the bishop . "
tr	NNS	Will wonders never cease ?
tr	NNS	Things that can have happy endings .
tr	NN	His low chuckle floated up for a sneak attack on her senses .
tr	NNS	Several couples were dancing to an old country song .
tr	NN	Her Red Cross badge floated to the ground .
tr	NNS	All fictional characters are adults at least twenty one years of age .
tr	NN	There was no physical proof you 'd actually become a wolf . "
tr	NNS	The gusts of wind are so strong that they push us back from time to time .
tr	NN	No combat unit would do this .
tr	NN	There was only one option .
tr	NN	" So where 's the diary ? "
tr	NN	History was so messy , like some endless equation where every step only led to another batch of variables .
tr	NNS	Believing lies was easy when the truth was too painful to accept .
tr	NNS	No shots rang out .
tr	NN	Back where I come from , there is an age limit on who can drink it .
tr	NN	His rough manner didn 't exactly soothe my nerves , and I immediately wondered if I 'd made the right choice .
tr	NNS	The small animal 's instincts went from fight to flight after it hit a tree , and it scrambled away .
tr	NNS	Low green hills rose on either side .
tr	NN	Somewhere between the remembrance of Alistair 's story and hint of a possible journey , he drifted to sleep , a cushion squeezed tightly between his arms .
tr	NNS	Axes appeared in their hands , blades sharpened into deadly edges .
tr	NN	" Lock in coordinates and load in the time routine , " the captain ordered .
tr	NN	" But my government still didn 't trust you . "
tr	NNS	The drinks arrived and Fitch gulped his tea .
tr	NN	An announcement comes through the speakers from above the door , " Please turn on your televisions for the mourning announcements . "
tr	NN	" Okay , so there 's the dessert I was talking about .
tr	NNS	Things that could threaten to reveal my past and jeopardize a lot of innocent lives .
tr	NNS	I 'm sorry , my insecurities got the better of me . "
tr	NNS	Multiple shots of sleepy people , cranky to have been so rudely awakened .
tr	NNS	Several warriors immediately ran to Phillip 's horse and helped him dismount .
tr	NN	A shiny , dark liquid pooled at his feet .
tr	NN	The knight escaped with only the clothes on his back . "
tr	NN	Heavy hail thrashed the rocks as they huddled together inside the cave .
tr	NN	A seed of annoyance burst into life as she avoided his expectant gaze .
tr	NN	They literally dissolved , " explains the captain .
tr	NN	The blush on her face was magnificent .
tr	NN	The Book was resisting .
tr	NNS	Things will change when we open ourselves to the public .
tr	NN	" Where 's the team captain , the one with the knife ? "
tr	NN	A trio of stone torches with azure flames stood on either side of the pool .
tr	NN	No more Miriam , no more the spirits of the twilight realm , caught between life and death .
tr	NN	A braided rug lay in front of a stone fireplace , the charred remnants of several logs resting in gray ash .
tr	NN	His passion is addictive .
tr	NNS	His wrists were white , the skin straining against the cord .
tr	NNS	The teachers seem to treat him better than the rest of us too ; like he 's special or something .
tr	NNS	The passing streetlights drew closer and closer together as we entered Brampton .
tr	NN	The heavy musk of her scent hovered in the air after she had gone , making Amelia 's salivary glands squirt with bitterness and her nostrils flare .
tr	NNS	Where the old one had been tired looking and slightly dingy , the new fixtures , appliances and finishings were sparkling clean , gorgeous .
tr	NN	The commander shrugged , " It will have to be . "
tr	NN	" What self-respecting runner would drive to the track ?
tr	NN	My loyalty , my devotion to you has been total .
tr	NN	On this coffin were two figures , a man and a woman , lovingly huddled together .
tr	NN	His squat torso was bulky , yet reasonably well defined and easier to carry around than a stone or two of fat .
tr	NNS	Eventually , her sobs stopped , and she rested her head against my chest , content to simply be loved and rocked .
tr	NNS	To greater and lesser degrees , these gangs are willing to do what it takes to make better lives for themselves .
tr	NNS	The rainbow colours grew fainter and more transparent and the golden sky first showed timidly through them and then established itself again from horizon to horizon .
tr	NN	A fierce scowl and sense of protectiveness filled me as I read the thing .
tr	NN	The contract he signed required all equipment to remain at our laboratories .
tr	NNS	The beggars and widows in the streets became different , more important .
tr	NN	His knuckles cracked loudly amidst the bustle of the docks , sounding like large tree limbs being snapped in two .
tr	NNS	Such travels are perilous , even for one of my powers .
tr	NN	His only consolation was that she wanted him , too .
tr	NN	Oddly enough , the bigger coin disappeared fastest .
tr	NNS	Also , shattered bits of timber and board seemed to be littering the area .
tr	NNS	My arm shackles break .
tr	NN	Especial y since the one who left is probably off having kinky sex with his she-wolf .
tr	NN	The thief slid off the rock and began striding down the hill .
tr	NN	The Lazy Song , " he said .
tr	NNS	The two halves of the giant beak chattered .
tr	NN	On the eleventh night , however , as the girl sat in her tiny cage , a raven appeared at the window .
tr	NNS	" The recruits , I mean .
tr	NN	Or would the correct term be " watered ? "
tr	NN	But on the ninth time that the fleet set sail , a whale appeared amongst them .
tr	NNS	Moreover , given the planet 's rotation about the sun , calculations for spatial displacement had to be applied as well .
tr	NNS	Officials were able to quarantine the entire region .
tr	NN	The raised ranch was dark .
tr	NN	My h * ps lifted to meet his fingers , begging him for more .
tr	NN	The satisfied growl of an American mountain lion sounded nearby , and I turned to see Dean lurking in his feline form watching from the trees .
tr	NN	" And what is your condition ? "
tr	NNS	Words stuck in her throat .
tr	NNS	Elias turned back to the window .
tr	NN	The fireball flared , fluctuating wildly , searing the skin around his groin , but he felt no pain .
tr	NNS	" My apologies , your majesty , but let me handle this .
tr	NNS	His thumbs caressed my face as he studied me before turning away .
tr	NN	The master of the games had crossed him up , but why ?
tr	NNS	Full hazel pupils connected with Pearl 's own stormy ones .
tr	NN	Several minutes later , the ferry sounded a final blast and pulled away from the wharf .
tr	NNS	The mercenaries remained where they were , lounging on the floor .
tr	NNS	Things will turn out alright . "
tr	NNS	With the temperature dropping quickly , the winds had picked up dangerously .
tr	NN	I tried your office , your secretary said you were home . "
tr	NNS	Five cells and they 're all empty .
tr	NN	The trident in her right arm was glowing with vibrant blue energy .
tr	NN	" He said someone tried to kill him , " another medic said .
tr	NN	Eventual y , the administrators wil figure out what happened , but I 'm making it look like a computer error .
tr	NN	And so impolite of me to forget the fact !
tr	NN	Which the laboratory had just brought out .
tr	NN	There is some rustling and then a snap , " Damn kid you stink . "
tr	NNS	As I watched , the edges of the wounds slowly pulled together and then seamlessly healed .
tr	NN	" A flaming cat ? "
tr	NN	The dragon and the crane , danger and serenity , staring him down .
tr	NNS	As you know , the recommendations from zoning and planning are merely advisory .
tr	NNS	" There are vacant spaces on every plane - " Something large dropped from the top of one of the buildings .
tr	NN	The government has assured the people that the ' decommissioning ' of a bionic enhancement is humane .
tr	NNS	The monitors switched to a view from the dock camera .
tr	NN	The lieutenant turned his stare on the soldier .
tr	NN	' What was that other recording ?
tr	NNS	Even though this transport had left from Earth , not all the passengers had departed from there .
tr	NN	" With a weakness for potatoes . "
tr	NN	The stench burned my nose and I quickly set it back down .
tr	NNS	Others have found ' Grail quests ' unrewarding ( at least , according to the public record ) .
tr	NNS	The wolves on the beach are busy scanning the breakers for the threat , whining and anxious over an enemy they cannot see .
tr	NNS	The effects of three months of steady dissipation showed on his face when they woke him .
tr	NN	There was no compromise in the eyes the precise shade of honey .
tr	NNS	But millions of dollars worth of gems and a ballroom full of people saved .
tr	NN	So , presumably , only another ranger would know where the safe was , or that a cellar even existed .
tr	NN	The ramp at the back of the Comet drops open and Small Talk leads me up into a small , cramped space behind the pilots ' cabin .
tr	NN	Then ... then a blue , scaly tip appeared above the cliff .
tr	NNS	There were other crystals that made plants to grow , even deep within the city , there were several large levels , used only for growing food .
tr	NNS	The two immortals left the manor a short time later .
tr	NNS	Able to stomp it underfoot , the former captives break into tears of joy .
tr	NNS	They had died of grief , the other villagers had claimed .
tr	NNS	In the next instant , four pairs of hands were securing her .
tr	NNS	The aisles were empty , the desks unoccupied , all the seats pushed in .
tr	NN	A coppery stench rose from the gaping wounds .
tr	NNS	" How have sales been at the bookstore ? "
tr	NNS	Where the blazes was Pix ?
tr	NN	Even though I knew he had cheated on me with Claire , the confirmation on his face killed me .
tr	NN	The grappler hook plunked firmly into the desktop and Deckard launched himself backwards out of the broken window .
tr	NNS	Suspected drugs deaths had to be referred to the City of London Coroner 's Office as ' violent or unnatural ' .
tr	NN	Part of this was due to the fact that Alcide had a hold on the scruff of his neck .
tr	NN	There was no manner in which he could have known what she had dreamed .
tr	NNS	The letters from Oswald Alexander Humphries are my own .
tr	NN	" There 's gas in this tank ! "
tr	NN	The panicked shouts and roars rang across the district and the enemy ranks broke up , stumbling around in darkness and disarray .
tr	NNS	These teachers were seriously impeding my thought process .
tr	NN	Jon 's laptop was on and displaying a message .
tr	NN	The majority of the Seekers had left a week ago , the stragglers within the last four days .
tr	NNS	Then other creatures did the same , darting out from behind at least a dozen other trees that lined the boundary between the field and the forest .
tr	NNS	At least the images had finally stopped shifting through his head and he had some clarity of thought .
tr	NN	' Let us in , then , the dew 's soaking through me boots . '
tr	NN	The teacher quickly approached the young boy and overshadowed his desk .
tr	NN	Our goal was not to make the people afraid of us but to make the government and their army shake in their boots .
tr	NNS	As she spoke , more figures began to materialize behind the man .
tr	NN	" Simple , the answer is this . "
tr	NN	" The beacon , " Shapiro said .
tr	NN	To my left , a mob of soldiers came out of hiding and ambushed us blindly .
tr	NNS	The grains were still hot from the midday zenith and burned his hands as he tried to scramble up the slope .
tr	NNS	The ceilings up here are twelve feet tall at least , and enormous windows cover most of the walls , though they 're barred .
tr	NN	The sergeant didn 't look happy about letting the old detective continue tracking without him , but he didn 't argue .
tr	NN	Charlie 's hesitation was answer enough , and Radcliffe got to his feet .
tr	NNS	His minions ride wherever they will and do as they please , causing much grief amongst innocent folk .
tr	NN	The new arrival was Eric , in my old car .
tr	NNS	The gates were open and Grace walked through trying to look more confident than she felt .
tr	NNS	Maryse 's incredulous gaze swept from Alec to Jace , passed over Clary , and returned to her daughter .
tr	NNS	Both action figures fell off the building .
tr	NNS	My instincts drive me to stack our dirty dishes and bring them to the sink , which I start to do .
tr	NN	There was only an insignificant , inch long , slightly glistening , pinkish scar .
tr	NNS	But these changes for the better hadn 't come from within .
tr	NNS	Makes sense now . "
tr	NNS	So the warriors had rallied together , confident in their success .
tr	NN	The concentration required to follow Hal 's instructions also precluded more disturbing thoughts .
tr	NNS	With black scales , twelve horns on his massive head , and long black hair streaked with every color in the dragon pantheon .
tr	NNS	Things look one way , but they turn out to be totally different when you look closer .
tr	NNS	And then finally ... the footsteps catch up to me .
tr	NN	See , an addict couldn 't do that .
tr	NN	" First whistle " meant game had been spotted and to be quiet and alert until further notice .
tr	NN	The delicately pointed ears .
tr	NN	' Her language seemed to be quite archaic - almost as if she were speaking to me from the past . '
tr	NNS	Doors started slamming open .
tr	NNS	" My apologies , " he corrected quickly .
tr	NNS	Soft drinks did not exist .
tr	NN	The courtroom cleared out and John looked into Alexis ' eyes .
tr	NNS	The girls ' dresses had to be dress code appropriate and neither too short nor too low in the front .
tr	NN	An ugly scowl immediately replaced the seductive look of a moment ago .
tr	NN	The look Sheridan gave me spoke legions about what I could expect in the future .
tr	NNS	As did the blue silk butterflies adorning the hair of the bridesmaids .
tr	NNS	Their movements were slow , precise .
tr	NNS	" Like to-do lists and grocery lists ?
tr	NN	And finally , there was another gryphon , one who looked larger , stronger , and fiercer than all the others .
tr	NN	His casual , almost lyrical drawl seemed to have a slight French flavor .
tr	NN	" What 's that big bump on the seafloor ? "
tr	NNS	Classes started the next morning Chris and Duff disco they had a number of classes in common .
tr	NN	From the High Sage 's perspective , the emerald lens displayed a white glowing aura around Cadmus .
tr	NNS	The peaks and the dips are nothing that would scare a ten-year-old .
tr	NN	The tribe is already big enough !
tr	NNS	My priorities were pretty messed up , but I couldn 't help it .
tr	NNS	If I am at last able to kill him , the duchess and kingdom will be safe from his grasping ambition and brutal ways .
tr	NNS	There 's no point in driving , the roads will be impassable but you might get further on a bike . "
tr	NNS	Aiden , e-mails are going out with the SOS logo on them .
tr	NNS	Her relatives were sitting with her and she would be allowed out of hospital tomorrow .
tr	NNS	Things will seem strange , and sometimes what seems true is not .
tr	NN	The rope moves again , pulling both of them up .
tr	NN	However , this rumbling was too grating , too regular .
tr	NN	The ferry chugged away from the dock , and the clouds overhead erupted with a full fury .
tr	NNS	These abnormal activities include many mythological beast , folk lore creatures and magic interfering with ordinary people 's sedimentary lives .
tr	NNS	" Her cats , " a young woman finally says .
tr	NN	The nausea seemed to have gone away almost entirely , so I decided I 'd still go to work .
tr	NN	But then after a moment , there was a hollow thud .
tr	NN	Just a natural clown who fell in love with my grandmother the first minute he saw her .
tr	NN	" Okay , " Rift apprehensively nods , only now wondering what he 's gotten himself into .
tr	NN	Her thrust to accept more of him had to be some autopilot , set on Farooq .
tr	NNS	Between two screens were lines marking out a faint rectangle .
tr	NNS	Maybe your grandparents can help . "
tr	NN	" What 's the status of safe progression ? "
tr	NNS	Otherwise the fairies will curse you - lots of bad luck .
tr	NNS	So the chances of Ronan spending time in Jackie 's mind were slim .
tr	NNS	There were couples and families , friends and business associates .
tr	NNS	And when it 'd been , those sessions had been nothing but a sham .
tr	NN	Thinking about the Prince being intimate was more than a little disconcerting .
tr	NN	A single harsh bark rang out as the trackers found their trail again .
tr	NNS	Those realities were hard enough , but the fears he had been referring to had nothing to do with his past or his career .
tr	NNS	Things were starting to click and Cory could feel the momentum building all the way back to goal .
tr	NN	And the compensation cannot be beat .
tr	NN	Part of her hoped it took a long time to find the pup 's family so she wouldn 't have to go back to being alone .
tr	NN	" Because there is no credibility to this paper ! "
tr	NNS	" The streetlights aren 't there ! "
tr	NN	" Air pressure inflates the dome , " said an adult , who from his bulk , and his uniform , was some sort of soldier .
tr	NNS	The instant he passed through the arch , the torches winked out , and he was left in darkness .
tr	NNS	Marius had made her .
tr	NNS	Moses asked , raising his left hand toward the stewardess .
tr	NN	That melting sensation I got whenever he looked at me the way he was now started to spread from my stomach .
tr	NNS	Looks like he was wrong , but why would I have taken them ?
tr	NNS	These mushrooms must have escaped from the mushroom farm .
tr	NNS	" The villagers live in terror of you . "
tr	NN	A long white fracture ran down the black plastic casing .
tr	NNS	His pupils dilated with unmistakable arousal , an arousal echoed by the increasing need pressed into her belly .
tr	NNS	Marius took a step back and shrugged .
tr	NNS	Things had been fine before - well , maybe not fine , but stable .
tr	NNS	The other actors were giggling and ducking .
tr	NNS	Delores pushed away from her desk and grabbed her old down vest off the back of her chair .
tr	NN	A light tap sounded on his open door .
tr	NN	Tessa 's pulse started to act erratically .
tr	NN	It had come through the letterbox , landing with a little fluttering crash on the sanded floorboards I had once been proud of .
tr	NNS	The Youth League members cried in unison .
tr	NNS	The three faint figures on the porch head inside and in a few minutes come out with one flashlight , calling , " Laura .
tr	NN	For some reason , Noah 's lack of experience walking around with shorter people was kind of pleasant .
tr	NNS	More sectors of the paranormal spiderweb shivered with light .
tr	NNS	" The Council members didn 't .
tr	NN	The next morning the contract arrived via Federal Express around ten .
tr	NNS	Restless murmurs rose from the Bastian Council members .
tr	NNS	" About a thousand acres from where we 're standing , " May said with pride .
tr	NNS	There were another seven rows of seats in the ceiling .
tr	NN	A hop took her over to the bathtub where she gingerly lowered herself down to sit on the rim .
tr	NNS	' Two nuns ... suddenly dead ... found by Doctor Mitchell . '
tr	NN	A mortal bumped into me , but instead of knocking me to the side , they went through me .
tr	NN	A named bullet will always find its target .
tr	NNS	The dampness was beginning to rise , and I hoped Trent would finish up soon .
tr	NNS	Like Lukas and the other vamps used to be able to . "
tr	NN	Your grandmother and I , just the way she taught me .
tr	NNS	Over a dozen attendants and lesser priests followed ; the patriarch liked to be well cared for .
tr	NNS	There were no outsiders in those towns .
tr	NNS	After Cameron retrieved the blasted letters .
tr	NNS	Things were as they were supposed to be .
tr	NN	The sheriff were holding Ravenna still , but then her shoulders drew up like she were trying to push him off .
tr	NN	Like a mini Walmart , there was clothing for the whole family in a few aisles and groceries in the other .
tr	NN	The chase had just heated up and fresh blood began to course through his veins .
tr	NN	Your duke is gravely ill , and this heartless attempt on his life has exacerbated his condition . '
tr	NNS	Odysseus pretended to roll his eyes .
tr	NNS	Upstairs was a conference room and some office space that looked like it was rarely used .
tr	NNS	Staccato bursts of gunfire rang out as the soldiers , Russian , Amanda realized , mopped up the Chechens on the factory floor .
tr	NN	Her habit slipped down on her forehead and she gave it a quick shove back .
tr	NN	Within seconds , my partner was striding toward me .
tr	NNS	Folks say she 's the best . "
tr	NNS	Soldiers instantly surrounded her and she put up her hands , opening her bag so they could see that it was only filled with medical supplies .
tr	NNS	The companions soon found themselves passing through an area of fine houses .
tr	NNS	The ladies were all doing some sewing .
tr	NNS	The grim expressions communicated more than anything .
tr	NNS	When in doubt , politeness always took precedence .
tr	NN	The flashlight caught Jonas on his jaw .
tr	NN	A cheaply framed landscape poster labeled Mount Rainier hung over the mantel .
tr	NN	The mall concept never really took off .
tr	NNS	Families moving here for the school and somewhat country bumpkin lifestyle have brought other family members who then brought even more family members .
tr	NNS	After a few moments , quickening footsteps are once again approaching and a man 's pleading voice is near the window .
tr	NNS	The creatures were evil , but with them lay salvation .
tr	NNS	Animals had a way of breaching people 's defenses , allowing them to connect .
tr	NNS	The paintings and carvings on the domed ceiling showed clouds at sunset , birds , and a variety of fanciful winged creatures .
tr	NN	The ' intuitive ' operation , however , lives mainly in the right hemisphere .
tr	NNS	His cheeks were flushed , his pupils dilated .
tr	NNS	" Two tickets please , and my name is supposedly on a list to let us backstage . "
tr	NN	The deputy opened his eyes and lifted his head .
tr	NNS	Reyes must have dragged him home .
tr	NN	The divorce was final a year later . "
tr	NN	Overhead the crescent moon was bright in the cloudless sky .
tr	NNS	The actors are not without aptitude , and the accompanying band if strident manages to spin noise into poetry .
tr	NN	Suddenly there was a massive thud against the rocks .
tr	NNS	Maya flings her arms about her mother 's neck and they both happily embrace .
tr	NN	There was stone décor on the apartments that gave a cabin type feel .
tr	NNS	Thin chills of excitement were running through her .
tr	NN	Distant shrieking comes over the line .
tr	NN	Part of me thinks he 'll stop , but the more feral part of me senses that he 'll never stop .
tr	NN	Like I was a genius .
tr	NNS	Despite the rest of the room disappearing from view , relief washes over me as the song remains unchanged .
tr	NNS	" My patrols are combing the city looking for the young emperor before he skips town .
tr	NN	" Ok so start with explaining why you painted the field of flowers ? "
tr	NNS	Flames licked at the scales on its chest , inducing a loud roar of painful protest .
tr	NN	The government wouldn 't be spending that much on it otherwise .
tr	NNS	The whispers began in his head .
tr	NN	The powers that be will not be very happy , " says one justice .
tr	NN	Most recently the science has moved into the study of wormholes , or passages through the fabric of space and time .
tr	NN	Only the praise of the storm brings comfort .
tr	NNS	The authorities did not have the heart to tell your parents the truth .
tr	NNS	Ronan 's blackened scales represent long days that grew into years and then decades working over the fire .
tr	NN	Sometimes the survivor 's guilt was more than we could bear , a secret between us that we never let show .
tr	NNS	" Your Highness , " he corrected her gently .
tr	NN	The bike is too big for your trunk .
tr	NNS	" And how are your dwarves ? "
tr	NNS	Our minds seek to merge , just as our bodies cry out for each other . "
tr	NNS	Wavy , ghost-like strands of energy floated up from his body like the tentacles of an upside-down jellyfish .
tr	NN	Cold , steely determination settled over me , and I stopped thinking .
tr	NNS	Things were behind schedule enough without a parental confrontation .
tr	NN	' Three years ago the harbour had a hundred anchored ships in it .
tr	NN	Within two months , the measure of my love for Godwin was perfectly plain to me and I had to tell my father .
tr	NNS	His thumbs brushed against her soft skin as he stared down into her eyes .
tr	NN	His accent had faded , his words more precise and clipped now .
tr	NNS	His sandals flopped his way towards me .
tr	NNS	Lights appeared on the horizon , bouncing up and down as they raced over debris .
tr	NN	Left gunpowder burns on his skin because he was so close .
tr	NN	On the front page was a photograph of a pile of smoking ruins .
tr	NN	The gunfire that broke out above was part of the nightmare , no more real than her pain .
tr	NN	The frat doesn 't have to be as impartial as university officials do . "
tr	NN	And any good software has a back door , right ?
tr	NNS	Things that defined her .
tr	NNS	Her footsteps whispered as she walked across the beautiful plush rugs .
tr	NNS	No warriors or diggers though .
tr	NNS	Dark spots float before my eyes and I tear my lips from his , gasping for air .
tr	NN	Her accent seemed to be stronger , which was probably for Cora 's benefit .
tr	NN	Sara 's career required her presence in DC at least as long as David Healy remained in office .
tr	NN	" An arrest might be enough .
tr	NNS	Approaching footsteps reached her ears , and she wiped her eyes to look up .
tr	NN	The tribe would journey beyond the mountains bordering their homeland and take a new name .
tr	NN	The tail was a definite problem at first .
tr	NNS	Images flashed through my mind ; me , not a few days ago , turning on Clinton and knocking him over a table .
tr	NNS	" What are the chances we get a question in ? "
tr	NN	I could take another route , get there without having to keep too close a tail on the Master vampire in front of me .
tr	NNS	The ladies looked at me together , and I felt caught in a crossfire .
tr	NNS	The two short straws get to yell at you . "
tr	NNS	Looks like they were caught by surprise . "
tr	NN	Part of him knew that that future was no longer possible for him .
tr	NNS	Those rusty instincts screamed at her to get out of the house .
tr	NN	Dropping from the saddle , Link gives his horse an encouraging pat as she excitedly gallops into the dark field of yellow grass beyond the barn .
tr	NNS	There weren 't anymore child murders after his disappearance .
tr	NN	I know what it means for me to meet the Maker , my suffering will be beyond imagination , and shall last eternal .
tr	NNS	Hands grabbing , pulling .
tr	NNS	The two bloodlines coexist in her , just as it does in Fen and Dimitri . "
tr	NNS	Since I turned sixteen , my birthdays had come with destruction .
tr	NN	Intellectual challenge was what kept him from going completely mad .
tr	NN	Their grandmother , Lydia , had been such a hard woman in a lot of ways .
tr	NNS	" Your government 's explanations were a little weak for that one , yes ? "
tr	NNS	His fears poured out .
tr	NNS	The two ladies made a quick exit , but not before telling Caroline they expected to see her at the kissing booth later in the day .
tr	NN	Like everything else , the rope called to her .
tr	NN	The notion of needles injecting ink under the skin and the confidence of making permanent imprints of words and symbols was foreign to me .
tr	NNS	Myles was staring into space as he contemplated this question when the doorbell rang .
tr	NN	The music master kept with her perfectly , and sure enough the second violinist was soon chipping in with the harmony .
tr	NNS	Three werewolves had escaped .
tr	NNS	Mostly it was young girls , ages nine to seventeen , but occasional boys would disappear , ages twelve to twenty .
tr	NNS	So many zombies that the guys in the truck ahead had to join in on the rain of fire , with Assault Rifles out the windows .
tr	NN	Instead , the mortal stepped forward and unlocked the chain from the bolt in the wall .
tr	NN	" And this announcement we just watched , my God , it was genius !
tr	NN	Nothing could hold the girls ' attention long , something prettier , shinier , weirder kept beckoning them from somewhere else .
tr	NN	The tip of the wand glowed white and he muttered .
tr	NNS	' These nuns died five days ago .
tr	NN	That bald mountain was now to my right and behind me as we continued and I soon spotted the river .
tr	NN	The robbery involved the death of four people , two in the blowing up of the security van as it was en route to Northern Bullion .
tr	NNS	Nerves ... and hot desire .
tr	NNS	Bugs droned in response along with the low hum of the idling plane engines .
tr	NN	The clearing seemed like a great idea so they could move faster , but a horrible one in the name of too much exposure .
tr	NNS	" Orders , " Llama told him .
tr	NN	The video speaks for them all . "
tr	NNS	Reyes studied his newest guests .
tr	NNS	Reyes would never be able to stand against her unless he , too , embraced his Ancestral abilities .
tr	NNS	Many sectors fell into a dark ages , severe depression , and took a thousand years to recover .
tr	NN	" Okay , our intern , Elliot , will be able to answer your questions .
tr	NNS	These openings on the side of the tower were going to be another doorway for Chase .
tr	NN	The murderer must have quickly gone through our headquarters , and when he didn 't find what he wanted , decided to search here .
tr	NN	Part of him wanted to call her out and demand to see her medical records .
tr	NN	Even though it hasn 't been implemented yet , the government paid him handsomely . "
tr	NN	She wore her favorite gown today , a worn russet velvet cut to show off her generous bosom .
tr	NNS	The restrictions on his gifts chafed deeper every day .
tr	NN	Each amino acid added , would continue building the blocks until eventually the final , perfect cell was created .
tr	NN	Rick 's career , if you could call it that , was over .
tr	NNS	Folks had suddenly become more terrified of the river than they were of the Mexican Army .
tr	NNS	" The Tanks will have a tough time getting there .
tr	NN	A sharp whistle suddenly pierced the air and he gripped his sword more tightly and looked around and nodded at his men .
tr	NN	The bastard could still be in here . "
tr	NNS	The paintings from the LeMans family , very expensive paintings of antebellum pets , were still leaning against the wall , wrapped in paper .
tr	NN	" Does newbie want to stay here with the second wave ?
tr	NN	The raving maniac on the table had torn his shoulder out of joint completely in his attempt to free himself .
tr	NN	The Jeep came to a stop in front of the house , and Charles ' huge body appeared from inside .
tr	NNS	The handlers took her through the Red sector of the Tower , the tiles on the floor shifting to a pattern of red and charcoal .
tr	NNS	Her tits were not only on the generous side , but they were soft .
tr	NN	My vision begins to narrow , a lens zeroing in until everything else disappears but the boy being loaded into the ambulance .
tr	NNS	Looks like Lily 's got you trained .
tr	NN	No normal warrior could ever do that . "
tr	NN	the desk sergeant snarled .
tr	NNS	Her two aims were to get the gag off and somehow dislodge the keys from her pocket .
tr	NNS	It began to rain harder then , the drops pinging loudly on the hood .
tr	NNS	Other team members ran wires between the dishes and connected them to the explosives .
tr	NNS	But there were differences too .
tr	NNS	What are your recommendations militarily ? "
tr	NN	A low growl erupted from his throat .
tr	NN	" ' The gates have fallen .
tr	NN	Each blood exchange will bring you a step further into our world .
tr	NN	Their glares , in fact , were downright unfriendly .
tr	NNS	" The most powerful punches , start from the legs , or tail in your case . "
tr	NNS	Some clients was a bit rough too .
tr	NNS	" Why is that humorous ? "
tr	NN	Either the cellar was soundproof , or the manor was abandoned .
tr	NNS	The creatures holding the ropes untie the last of them as he approaches .
tr	NN	But though the camera usually adored him , at the present moment even the most doting lens might turn aside .
tr	NN	A pinch of pain overrode the pleasure as he rocked his hips , pushing himself fully inside .
tr	NN	His birth seems to have mellowed her a bit . "
tr	NN	A low growl rumbled deep in his throat , and he leaned over her silky hair , intending to whisper a command to her .
tr	NNS	Black spots began to wink through her vision .
tr	NN	The unicorn , reaching the same conclusion , was staring back .
tr	NN	Almost simultaneously , a second tank began to fire from farther downstream , striking the bridge from a more direct angle .
tr	NN	But the crash happened every time .
tr	NNS	Romulus seemed to be thinking along the same lines , because deep lines of worry were written on his face .
tr	NN	" That little nap helped more than I expected .
tr	NN	The hook lands just above the snickering adolescent , and Link soars across the green landscape to claim his property .
tr	NNS	The gates wouldn 't work any longer .
tr	NN	Not a single shelf or hook adorned its walls or rafters .
tr	NNS	The faint sirens are coming closer as the driver holds me steady .
tr	NN	JJ asks , looking under the table , as if I 'd actual y put a baby down there .
tr	NN	There was a crescent-shaped scar on her temple , white and thin .
tr	NNS	Although I had not been quick enough to totally avoid contact , my colleagues unexpected offering had been forceful enough to draw blood .
tr	NN	Pig 's ' bout done .
tr	NN	Enough thinking to be able to handle the simple situations a receptionist needs to deal with .
tr	NNS	French explorers were deeply interested in establishing roots in the fertile lands of the lower Mississippi for purposes of trade and settlement .
tr	NNS	The drums pounded a grim cadence .
tr	NN	" Who 's the pretty feline with you ? "
tr	NNS	" Questions , comments , concerns ?
tr	NNS	The grains were so fine that small clouds lifted up from their shoes whenever they took a step .
tr	NN	" The Book of the White , " Jessamine gasped .
tr	NN	At the end of the hallway , there was a staircase .
tr	NN	Determined to enjoy the comfort I usual y enjoyed when we made love , I focused on undressing him .
tr	NN	The rider took flight , landing violently .
tr	NN	" His birthday is coming up .
tr	NNS	No more worries flitted through her brain as his mouth and hands stoked the fire building up within her .
tr	NNS	Alexis enjoyed a happy love affair and marriage to a high ranking soldier in the military .
tr	NN	" What 's the status of the production facility itself ? "
tr	NN	The earlier bustle of students was no longer in the room as there were only two of them remaining .
tr	NN	" A retired policeman , all alone among the people he used to watch , means there 's a sense of boredom .
tr	NNS	Then they , the seven werewolves and the Star Cove teens disappeared .
tr	NN	" Okay , " the medic said .
tr	NN	That crust might have been hard enough to do some damage .
tr	NN	The clothing was classic golden age of Hollywood , and far too pricey for simple costume wear .
tr	NNS	The movies made it look so much more glamorous .
tr	NNS	Others , I didn 't .
tr	NNS	The emails can put me in charge .
tr	NNS	Images of the murdered marshal in Colorado loomed , but Vivian shoved them away .
tr	NN	Bit early , isn 't it ? "
tr	NN	The legend of the glen , of the tall people who gave birth to children who could walk and speak at birth , began to spread .
tr	NN	" How 'd the initiation go ?
tr	NN	Last time I 'd heard , the pot was more than a million bucks . "
tr	NN	Your grandmother is exceedingly proud of you , though I can 't see the many reasons why .
tr	NNS	Lots of girls out there would die to grind up against them .
tr	NNS	Reyes felt the woman slump in his grasp .
tr	NNS	Others held shields and maces or makeshift axes and swords , there were bowmen and spear bearers , all wore battle dress .
tr	NN	" The captain said to let you know we have company .
tr	NNS	Linda 's relatives thought I had all the emotion of a warthog .
tr	NNS	Others began to step forward .
tr	NN	The hawk snapped it deftly from between his fingers and made it disappear .
tr	NN	Love was simply an emotion that people professed to feel in order to get something from someone else .
tr	NN	The human boomerang Dexter came back .
tr	NNS	" How many clasps remain ? "
tr	NN	' The more inflammable cow , ' said Ponder .
tr	NNS	The critters must ' a ' been jumpin ' thirty feet !
tr	NNS	Things started out fine .
tr	NN	" Your ma doesn 't like asking folks for shit .
tr	NNS	There are side roads we can take , but they 're farther down this road . "
tr	NNS	There are spies among us , a noble or two , my theory .
tr	NNS	The man 's footsteps echoed as he walked towards me , then suddenly the lights flickered on .
tr	NNS	His wrists also had light scars all the way around each of them .
tr	NNS	All different types of complications could arise while he was induced in a deep sleep .
tr	NN	A crash of thunder fractured the sudden silence .
tr	NNS	Things like that will shake up a woman . "
tr	NNS	New mothers and older grandmothers received baskets of fruit .
tr	NN	Your written exam proved that .
tr	NN	However much he might have with otherwise , there was no option but to continue through it .
tr	NNS	Choking sobs clogged up her throat .
tr	NN	My brother Devon keeps dropping by my room to taunt me .
tr	NNS	The butterflies in Thomas stomach were quickly becoming jack hammers .
tr	NNS	All those tulip tongues waved in the air , trying to catch a taste .
tr	NN	Is there a social bound I pass in asking ?
tr	NN	" I can imagine , " said the woman calmly .
tr	NNS	Her nostrils flared , and I could tell she was picking scents out of the air .
tr	NNS	Two warriors managed to climb through the open aft cargo door .
tr	NN	The carpet is a mystery under ancient strata of wrinkled clothes .
tr	NN	How is my granddaughter ?
tr	NNS	Hands and shoulders pushed against me , prodding for a way through .
tr	NN	' Your uncle didn 't have any heart condition .
tr	NNS	Red lotus filled the fountain base .
tr	NNS	A few pitiful drops of blood joined the water , swirling down the drain .
tr	NNS	Several elves nodded to her as they passed .
tr	NN	Ahead of me a gap had opened and the traffic started to move .
tr	NN	A thin layer of vampire ash rose from them .
tr	NNS	There were no other temples in Jerusalem but the Temple .
tr	NN	His pestering of the prior increased , ( Past ) " I have a daughter and family my studies keep me from .
tr	NNS	The joys of the movie party were over , but the cookies were warm , fresh , and delicious .
tr	NNS	What are my chances ? "
tr	NN	The priest turned around and looked him in the eye .
tr	NNS	The blades clashed furiously .
tr	NNS	Moreover , sixty classmates came to Jesus that night !
tr	NNS	Their clothing designs are different and their code numbers are different , as well . "
tr	NN	" Nice pit , Henderson , " Dane raves , as he starts to stack the wood inside the pit to be burned .
tr	NN	There was another loud boom from behind the house .
tr	NN	The first goon discretely pulled out a gun .
tr	NNS	His windshield wipers couldn 't keep up with the fast pace raindrops .
tr	NN	" Who is the Other Power in Fell 's Church ? "
tr	NN	That explanation made everything a lot clearer for Mike .
tr	NN	The young warrior lopped off one guard 's ears and then sliced into the hamstrings of the other .
tr	NNS	Sometimes there are shots outside at night .
tr	NN	The mass of fog had come out to meet them now .
tr	NNS	As you know , the currents are very strong there .
tr	NNS	The chandeliers dripped with opulence and shimmered over the crowd as they fought their way down the elaborate staircase .
tr	NNS	Things that happen in my dreams have the power to hurt you . "
tr	NN	The fearless determination of a soul so pure it doesn 't know to be afraid .
tr	NNS	" Sometimes , movies mirror real life .
tr	NNS	" The murders , " he said , " what about the murders ? "
tr	NN	At the end of the day , the final vote falls to you guys . "
tr	NNS	Instead of being stuffed tight , the edges now hang loosely around the contents .
tr	NNS	Video cameras angled in his direction .
tr	NN	The plant grew to height of half a metre and had ovoid spore cases on top of the stems .
tr	NNS	" There 's cover about two hundred paces up ahead .
tr	NN	The only other crusty aboard the bus was Solstice .
tr	NNS	When he tried to open his eyes his eyelids fluttered feebly against something sticky and thick .
tr	NN	" The circular riposte you showed us last month .
tr	NN	The clatter of pans and sounds of chatter greeted her as she put the key in the lock and stepped inside .
tr	NN	The chaos of a few days ago had shifted into a steady grind of tackling a cleanup that would easily take years .
tr	NN	The first edition of the Codex produced on a printing press is not nearly as mysterious .
tr	NN	Her clothing and overnight bag were not a concern either since they were in the next room , a closed door between here and there .
tr	NN	Any idiot can see it .
tr	NN	" This map shows why there are only waves coming from the right .
tr	NNS	Others must practice for leading men to battle .
tr	NN	" The festival is tonight ? "
tr	NN	Therefore , the angel who 'd done this deed had deliberately entered the mortal realm .
tr	NNS	The sobs returned to his throat like so many rising bubbles .
tr	NNS	The colors in the cabin are neutral , not too dark , and not too light .
tr	NNS	The authorities added nothing new to the case .
tr	NNS	Her fears could spread inside her anytime like a cancer , metastasizing inside her .
tr	NNS	What are my chances of being discovered way out here behind this ugly clump of dirt you call a mountain ? "
tr	NNS	Things would still unravel .
tr	NN	The cleaner could not keep up .
tr	NNS	The loud sirens gave her an epiphany of what she knew .
tr	NNS	The concepts stood around , intrigued at the live theatre being played out before them .
tr	NNS	There were racks of costumes on one side of the room and a props table covered in papers , guns and crockery on the other .
tr	NN	Even in her paint it black world , honesty of this sort gave her pause .
tr	NNS	Souls can 't return . "
tr	NN	His amused twinkle didn 't retreat .
tr	NNS	The chances of me crossing safely were very slim and the chances of me getting eaten by the dogs or piranhas were very high .
tr	NNS	The goats and dogs remained on deck .
tr	NN	The goon turned around to his boss , a fat man in a business suit that smelled like wine and bad cheese -- mostly bad cheese .
tr	NN	Chance asked as he helped me climb out of the gully .
tr	NNS	Broke minds to set an example , for the hell of it , or just because I needed a quiet kill .
tr	NNS	I felt a moment of confusion , not knowing where I was , my surroundings unfamiliar .
tr	NN	" Love might not be the right word .
tr	NN	A neighbor flagged me down right after you left Aggie 's and told me she 'd seen him . "
tr	NN	Zack , winking at me , said , " What 's wrong , Katie ?
tr	NN	After two minutes , the greenish haze of lights bloomed on the far side .
tr	NNS	Nathan 's nostrils flared as he panted under Hunter 's hold , his face as untrusting as that of a trapped wild animal .
tr	NNS	Words flooded out of Selena .
tr	NNS	Eve 's nostrils flared .
tr	NN	As the murderer trained his gun on the remaining survivors , his partner kneeled beside Miguel 's body and rolled it over .
tr	NNS	Radial irrigation booms turned slowly .
tr	NNS	There were large estates in Portsmouth .
tr	NNS	Several butterflies , dark as velvet , flitted between the vines , causing the leaves to stir .
tr	NNS	The rags and the medicine really didn 't mean anything .
tr	NNS	Animals always did better in their native environment so it only stood to reason that a human might , as well .
tr	NN	From Rupert 's description , the pipe would be directly below me .
tr	NN	The hydrothermal plume elongated , and the towering whirlpool grew stronger with every passing second , its upper rim moving steadily toward the surface .
tr	NN	The guilt in his eyes threatened to brim over into tears .
tr	NN	Anger and frustration had lashed out of her , " What the hell do you mean you need to surf in order to be happy ? "
tr	NN	My sergeant will have more information if you need it , sir . "
tr	NNS	And the media had a field day with it .
tr	NNS	The approaching loud sirens also fell in distracted silence as well as the scrapping sound of the car 's bare rim .
tr	NN	Roy 's career had been with the Seattle police until he was forced into early retirement because of a back injury .
tr	NNS	Things are going so well for the boy right now .
tr	NN	Who was your idol growing up ?
tr	NNS	The two tentacles were swinging erratically around him .
tr	NNS	The mule 's reigns lay untouched across its saddle .
tr	NN	" Then we ' l do that . "
tr	NN	Loretta 's smirking face before she walked away stuck with him .
tr	NNS	The new members haven 't caused many problems . '
tr	NN	Despair tugged at her , sucking her i nto a black hole she 'd sworn she 'd never return to .
tr	NNS	" Four to five times more sales for facebook advertisers , " said Evans .
tr	NNS	Short bursts of energetic thrusting , then long , slow drags she could already practically feel igniting all the right spots inside her .
tr	NNS	Others believe they 're an omen of the future .
tr	NN	His white gown glowed brighter than before , like pure snow reflecting the sun 's light .
tr	NNS	What strange hopes are compelling her to take this chance ?
tr	NNS	There were no signs of life .
tr	NN	A few moments later the entire chimed mob swung forward , then back as the ship ran aground .
tr	NNS	" The death rites are quite complex . "
tr	NN	Her announcement grabbed Buck 's attention and wiped a budding smirk off his face , to be quickly replaced by a blank expression .
tr	NN	A rap on my window stopped me .
tr	NNS	The letters seemed to give her peace , and I think this is why much later , she decided to write to me .
tr	NN	A huge spotlight swept back and forth until it stopped on me .
tr	NN	For some , honour lay in maintaining a fierce determination to survive at all costs .
tr	NNS	The one McCall had taken the axe to hung at the elbow .
tr	NN	The fellow seemed to understand his duties well enough but he and I had little to do with each other .
tr	NN	A multitude of warm coloured rays fought to remain above the jagged horizon before him and the faint appearance of stars began to illuminate the sky .
tr	NN	" And the mob is passing .
tr	NNS	Things came together when Salvatore gave us direction .
tr	NNS	Very tall with golden hair , like old coins . '
tr	NN	The little weasel kept slipping through my fingers while I was fighting him , just enough time to make me lose track of Shane and Lina .
tr	NN	Nausea bubbles up inside me .
tr	NNS	Slick tentacles rasped against her skin .
tr	NN	Megan 's giggle transformed into an outright laugh , loud and uncontrolled , and she listed to the side as she clutched her stomach .
tr	NN	" This lens is very important .
tr	NN	My release from earlier was on her inner thighs .
tr	NN	A portable TV set .
tr	NN	" What a scary woman . "
tr	NN	A pink silk ball gown of beautiful satin hung snug around her middle .
tr	NNS	The locks were undamaged .
tr	NNS	The three exotic dancers were no longer animatedly bopping around .
tr	NNS	Animals and plants are his thing .
tr	NNS	The other werewolves tensed further , warily eyeing them .
tr	NN	There was no compromise in his tone .
tr	NNS	Her boobs were so close to my face that I was starting to get aroused .
tr	NN	At the sound of his name , dread tightened his chest .
tr	NNS	You yourselves , each one of you , will be nobles and lords , and given lands wherever you choose .
tr	NNS	" My Lord Reyes says he will send the girl back a piece at a time until you surrender , or she dies . "
tr	NN	But the notion that Jeff 's time travel was responsible for her very existence was overbearing .
tr	NN	Between the gutters and the buildings was a strip of dirt wide enough for two people to walk abreast .
tr	NNS	And the cold worms said " This will never be yours , " But I was Hopeless , Fearless , Laughing .
tr	NNS	Grey puffs released into the dark night air , away from the cabins .
tr	NNS	Lots of women had probably fallen prey to his easy charm .
tr	NNS	Marius pulled him out and set him on the ground next the others .
tr	NNS	The gears in my head clicked forward again and I remembered Oasis , breakfast , the residents .
tr	NNS	The early descriptions of the Africans brought to this country as slaves contain drawings of their coarse facial features and descriptions of their slow mental status .
tr	NN	" Keeley , ' t is me , Ewan .
tr	NNS	Folks ' round here got no respect for poseurs , no matter how fine they look . "
tr	NNS	Bugs could add to that case , as he noticed the mayor taking note of several lovely ladies throughout the tavern that night .
tr	NN	" As for your unique plan , only the Creator knows .
tr	NN	The tunnel Moon escaped through must lead back here and he slipped by Lieutenant Mack 's sweep to avoid detection .
tr	NN	She focused on the exhibit in front of them , a photograph of a black hole surrounded by a navy sky spotted with blazing stars .
tr	NN	Racer broke , diving into the tangled vines and leaves to his right .
tr	NNS	Alexis and the entire family were present and they were as angry as any humans could possibly be .
tr	NN	A red carpet welcome ?
tr	NNS	There are more varieties of kisses than colors of jelly beans .
tr	NNS	Hands grab her by the shoulders .
tr	NNS	But , sooner or later , all good and evil deals came to an end .
tr	NN	My only goal was safety .
tr	NNS	Then there were the wolves .
tr	NNS	Our drinks came , although I was using the word " drink " loosely in his case .
tr	NN	My great-grandmother is one of the few people buried between the encircling driveway and the fence .
tr	NN	My final creation was perfect and I knew my class would just love it . )
tr	NN	My uncle told me all about what my mom had been like growing up .
tr	NN	A small black panel on the wall blinked with red numbers .
tr	NN	" Bit moldy , don 't you think ? "
tr	NNS	Others flew straight at Winston , pincers snapping , making no attempt at evasion .
tr	NNS	Myles had to drag his tired ass out of bed .
tr	NN	" So what happened , angel face ? "
tr	NNS	Looks back at James .
tr	NNS	Two further shots , coming close together , showed that there was more than one .
tr	NNS	" The strings are beautiful tonight . "
tr	NNS	The twins exchanged a glance and it was Neil who said , " Why don 't we just wait and see what happens ?
tr	NN	" The shield is at one hundred percent .
tr	NN	There is much reflection of the flames in your eyes , Rohm .
tr	NNS	The most fragile items were the hand blown glass cake stands that had to be wrapped in bubble wrap and blankets and boxed separately .
tr	NNS	As I hurried out , rifle shots rang out , one after another .
tr	NN	On one particular day when I was fifteen , the spotlight fell on my orange shirt .
tr	NNS	Her nostrils flared , and suddenly she could smell the scent of a dozen other wolves lurking through the forest .
tr	NNS	When I clicked it thousands of websites filled the page .
tr	NNS	Makes sense to buy the stores that sell ' em .
tr	NNS	Things seem to be looking up ! "
tr	NN	The sentence came out harsher than she intends .
tr	NN	The commander said , his eyes looking towards the blue orb that rose like the moon each night .
tr	NN	The author writes part-time while working as a computer programmer .
tr	NNS	Dogs don 't judge .
tr	NNS	Soil levels have increased to more than 100 times background .
tr	NNS	Things will come to you .
tr	NN	Her posture bolted more upright and her gorgeous eyes focused immediately .
tr	NN	Soon the maid brought the turkey back .
tr	NN	His wristwatch glinted in the light from the high windows of the entrance hall where we waited .
tr	NN	" Not every wraith can come here . "
tr	NN	Reality would take over soon enough .
tr	NNS	She took her time , her movements unhurried and thorough .
tr	NN	" My mascara is probably all over the place . "
tr	NNS	Something darker flashed in his green eyes and I wanted to take a step back .
tr	NNS	Your promises are worth shit , Cain .
tr	NN	The race had to be protected .
tr	NNS	Looks like you didn 't let that cold well water warm up enough ! "
tr	NNS	But my instincts tell me you 're in trouble , and I think you need a friend , someone to trust .
tr	NN	His headset crackled with the response from the ground .
tr	NN	Sheer habit made him extract a pair of tweezers from his pouch in order to pick it up .
tr	NNS	Things like how his shoulders looked like a soft place to rest her head .
tr	NNS	Two familiar figures were approaching and it was obvious that they recognised me too .
tr	NN	" The notebook is in Betsy 's possession . "
tr	NNS	Car horns behind him blared .
tr	NN	My pencil stopped jerking and was still .
tr	NN	As he said this another lightning strike started .
tr	NNS	Orders are shoot to kill , except for Black Mist 's leader .
tr	NNS	Other rats , if they knew how to read , could see in their heads what the writer had seen .
tr	NNS	Things that my Seth had whispered and things I 'd told him I wanted to do .
tr	NNS	Love potions are tricky and unreliable . "
tr	NN	There was railing on the right , preventing anyone from driving off-road .
tr	NN	Part of that anticipated claim we must honorably accept ; another part we will dispute .
tr	NN	" If I 'm not mistaken , ' t is you who have suffered serious injury . "
tr	NN	Love , peace , wonder : gone .
tr	NNS	My colleagues say it 's the worst and strangest case of narcissism they 've ever come across . '
tr	NN	The captain slammed in another button and the treads began to move backward up the gangplank .
tr	NNS	Still , the kisses are warm and wet , almost as if on my bare skin .
tr	NN	The raw passion in his eyes torched her body like dry kindling .
tr	NNS	" Things will get messy for you . "
tr	NNS	Her companions joined her , each on one side as she began .
tr	NN	The hatred ran deep , was embedded in his heart and soul .
tr	NN	The physical therapist is a sweet woman in her mid -- thirties .
tr	NN	The trio of boats faced the entrance .
tr	NNS	Trenton 's jaws worked under his skin .
tr	NNS	Marius had been her oldest son .
tr	NN	The trick is to use a pan . "
tr	NN	Emma 's spine stiffened and she whipped around .
tr	NN	A sheen of sweat formed on his brow , the lights in the room feeling too bright and uncomfortable .
tr	NNS	Where are your pills ?
tr	NN	And though he kept this to himself , the ranger couldn 't say he was sorry to see it end this way .
tr	NN	The unexpected bonus of getting the shit beat out of me was that somewhere along the way , my whole face had gone numb .
tr	NN	" Don 't he though , " the cowboy said , laughing , too .
tr	NNS	The nurses said that you were just sleeping , but ... " he squeezed her hand .
tr	NN	The challenge she faced with such disadvantaged students only fired her enthusiasm .
tr	NNS	Looks like everybody around here is a slave except George and Mr. Mighty . "
tr	NNS	Others take up the cry , and the revelation rips through the audience .
tr	NNS	The inner workings of the house spread before me , the structural beams , the long stretches of pipe , and the spider work of wiring .
tr	NNS	His wrists bore wide metal cuffs ; she could see the bone handle of a knife protruding from the left one .
tr	NNS	Something strangely melancholy shot through her expression at her father 's words , but she recovered herself admirably .
tr	NNS	Some members wove toilet paper into the bushes as if they were decorating a Christmas tree .
tr	NNS	Images of him peeling off her clothes to find out overtook him .
tr	NNS	A few more shots went off and one by one the zombies collapsed after each receiving a headshot .
tr	NN	She didn 't rebuke him - every penny counts , every damn penny counts - but politely asked what he needed and tugged free .
tr	NNS	Things are not two certain ways .
tr	NNS	There were shady squares with orange trees , beautiful old buildings .
tr	NNS	But there were no signs of tracks .
tr	NNS	Things had indeed changed between us , in the best way possible .
tr	NNS	The other two security androids nodded and turned to lead the way out .
tr	NN	The candlelight threw huge shadows over the walls and ceiling .
tr	NNS	My grey paws were a blur , while my mousy heartbeat raced at 1,000 beats a minute .
tr	NNS	Things have changed . "
tr	NNS	A few small crafts floated in the calm harbor , rocking as fishermen slung nets .
tr	NN	Her concentration wavered and the knockout spell seeped past the cracks in the barricade surrounding the topaz ring .
tr	NN	There was a rough scar across his palm ; she could feel it against her skin .
tr	NN	The conflict between Boone and his wolf was tearing his heart in two .
tr	NN	Even though surrounded by trees , the clearing allowed cheerful shafts of sunlight to penetrate and warm the nearly ancient , ruin .
tr	NNS	There were no signs of smallpox in Ohio and that site was completely locked down so it posed no threat .
tr	NNS	There were items from all over the world .
tr	NN	Love failed in me . "
tr	NNS	Nerves had stolen my appetite but I dug in with feigned gusto , wondering when Vlad would reveal the true purpose behind this occasion .
tr	NN	To this day lemonade and tea are my favorite beverages .
tr	NN	The Program is hunting us ; we 're an infection they intend to cure .
tr	NNS	There were tiny figures on the ground of people running in terror .
tr	NNS	Suddenly , the two mercenaries felt water drops on their faces .
tr	NNS	Others guarantee rebirth as a new being .
tr	NNS	Looks like some kind of tour group . "
tr	NN	" A fitting name . "
tr	NNS	" Things will change next year .
tr	NN	The mayor was pretty pissed .
tr	NN	Just as the rear tyres sank , the forward momentum and the pull of the front wheels allowed the jeep to grip .
tr	NN	Exit guilt , hello Melanie 's lips .
tr	NNS	The twins hid in the bathroom as she opened the door .
tr	NNS	The mattress was thin and hard .
tr	NN	What 's the latest Pam ? "
tr	NN	Antonia 's shawl fell off her shoulders , but there wasn 't anything Sal could do as she had her arm tucked into his .
tr	NNS	There were no more chances and nothing I could do to change the council 's mind .
tr	NN	If I lost you ... " He abruptly reached to grasp her hand in a near painful grip , a haunting fear briefly flaring through his eyes .
tr	NNS	His pupils bled into his irises , turning his eyes into shards of obsidian .
tr	NNS	There are several nuances to this scene designed to give it the proper flavor but they are not emphasized .
tr	NNS	" Things got worse immediately .
tr	NN	" Ok , hold tight . "
tr	NN	The next knight in shining armour is just around the next corner . "
tr	NN	A dull thud sounded .
tr	NN	The vicar held up the note for all to see , " twice . "
tr	NNS	Dragons are very busy higher beings . "
tr	NNS	Their suits are bright as the light from the moon bounces off of their bodies .
tr	NNS	The pupils of his eyes had grown to a huge , fragile size .
tr	NN	As always , the Master was right .
tr	NNS	Her sobs finally slowed .
tr	NN	Men throwing bricks collapsed , a goblin on top of a truck dropped out of sight .
tr	NNS	" But by then their governments will have collapsed and their cities will be in ruins .
tr	NN	His grandmother clapped her hands in growing excitement .
tr	NNS	There were no twists or side tunnels leading off it .
tr	NN	Big Blue ranch was his heart and soul .
tr	NNS	His defenses were firmly back in place .
tr	NNS	His thumbs knead my thighs .
tr	NN	' Time 's up , ' Prophet looked relieved but did find the grace to shrug an apology .
tr	NNS	The chandeliers were swaying dangerously , their crystals tinkling .
tr	NNS	Alexis begins to approach me and in reflex I back away , crawling to avoid her touch as though she is some kind of monster .
tr	NN	" Your h * ps are far too generous and shapely to be a boy 's .
tr	NNS	Chills ran down my spine as she straightened to her full height .
tr	NN	" No one 's talking to you , " the leader snapped .
tr	NN	The lieutenant turned to face him .
tr	NNS	Things appeared to be going well in that area , and she didn 't want to ruin the moment by distracting them .
tr	NNS	The gnomes pressed forward , sensing blood .
tr	NNS	Things got out of hand in the ring sometimes .
tr	NN	No other Shadowhunter would trust me .
tr	NNS	* * * Things stayed romantic all through dinner .
tr	NN	Mrs. Clark 's pinched scowl greeted him .
tr	NN	The soup smelled heavenly , and her stomach growled .
tr	NN	The email and text really are our best options , because they had to come from somewhere and should be traceable .
tr	NNS	There were other , physical changes as well .
tr	NN	The kindergarten seemed a long way away .
tr	NNS	Now the followers have gathered round the fugitive and are speaking in low voices .
tr	NNS	There were so few colors we could put her in that didn 't make her look sick . "
tr	NN	A maid stood in the shadows .
tr	NNS	Things get out of hand ? "
tr	NNS	All these videos show is her defending herself , or that she was scared . "
tr	NNS	Cassius opened the door and motioned for me to enter first .
tr	NN	Strangely the injury he knew had befallen him upon contact with the ground , carried with it little feeling .
tr	NNS	His dreams were dark and terrible , his deepest fears and griefs come to life .
tr	NNS	Even the jumps at the skate park didn 't help .
tr	NNS	Guns are allowed but highly rare , since companies have stopped manufacturing the deadly weapon .
tr	NNS	Words are powerful , but coin , in sufficient measure can bring the bard to song or influence political decisions .
tr	NN	Where had my new neighbor found a replacement ?
tr	NN	The unicorn looked even more confused .
tr	NNS	" Who were the other seals ?
tr	NN	And in the distance , a mountain stood , tall and lifeless with smoke billowing from its top and lava flowing down its side .
tr	NN	" The reunion , I take it . "
tr	NNS	As luck would have it , no gunmen hid in the crowds that day , and no innocent people were shot .
tr	NN	A tremor ran through her body as Dominic sucked at his fingers , his eyes dark and hot .
tr	NN	The elevator hatch slammed closed .
tr	NN	She rested her palm on his chest , then walked her fingers down his flat belly to his waist .
tr	NNS	" The Lights , " I whisper .
tr	NNS	Their minds were dull , confused , lost in shadows .
tr	NNS	Wes bows then stands .
tr	NNS	Most elevators stopped at the ground floor , but this one had buttons all the way to negative twelve .
tr	NN	A certain contract made long ago pleases her no more than it pleases you .
tr	NN	By the time of the Renaissance in the 14th century , deep seated mistrust pervaded national and ideological boundaries throughout Western Europe .
tr	NNS	The ride down was deeper than expected , possibly ten floors tracked by figures on an overhead display that Markman did not understand .
tr	NN	Rather the quantum theory , at best , gives a probabilistic view of the future , with no causal chain at all .
tr	NN	" Who is this employer ? "
tr	NN	The stag threw up his head , then turned and galloped off to join the grazing herd on the other side of the car park .
tr	NN	The commander was just summarizing his ineptitude as the final grains ran from the glass .
tr	NN	His audience was unchanged .
tr	NN	The goblin slumped in his chair .
tr	NN	But their stroke was too late .
tr	NN	" I am a simple man , " the baron told him .
tr	NN	The comforter was still in place , indicating no one had been in it .
tr	NN	The town was frightening enough , the lands beyond were overwhelming .
tr	NN	Each offense ground out a few first downs , but neither approached the red zone .
tr	NN	" I don 't mean to be rude , but I think we should head back , " the grandmother said in a stern tone .
tr	NN	" A goal , " Timberlake whispered .
tr	NN	The scuffle was beginning to spread , causing others to suddenly react to something Nate just couldn 't locate .
tr	NN	Instead of answering her strange question , he told her , " My ad wasn 't a joke . "
tr	NNS	Frank 's new accommodations suited him just fine .
tr	NNS	Things were not always so bad between humans and rats .
tr	NNS	The high from my game slams into me again , and with it comes the thought that he gets it .
tr	NNS	Bugs nudged Timmy , unsure he had heard the insulting comment .
tr	NN	The military unit had managed to advance as far as Canada Water interchange having waded through two areas of tunnel that was badly flooded .
tr	NNS	His movements had quickened , becoming urgent along with his fierce , deep kisses .
tr	NNS	The tightness in his face and posture made him appear ready to pounce .
tr	NN	A goddess can hope , at least . "
tr	NN	" This exercise will prove two things to us .
tr	NN	If you hold the trigger down , only one bullet will fire .
tr	NNS	But his actions almost turned me completely against him , attracted to him as I was .
tr	NNS	Other people 's sobs make me uncomfortable .
tr	NNS	Michelle lands hard on the floor just shy of my face and I pin down both her arms .
tr	NNS	Hope 's short fingernails dug into his shoulders as Jason dove into her wet heat and used his entire mouth to ravage her .
tr	NN	Here the radiation is coherent and valid but initially the translator misunderstood .
tr	NN	The siren shook her head .
tr	NN	Today we take it for ourselves , so don 't come around begging anymore . "
tr	NNS	My hackles rose and I growled without any aid from my wolf .
tr	NNS	Sometimes , my companions claim that I worry and question too much .
tr	NNS	There are many possibilities for expanding with additional herbs , vegetables and fruits . "
tr	NN	The term of endearment sent a rush of warmth skittering through me and a distinct pulsing between my thighs .
tr	NNS	Goss wanted to know .
tr	NN	The amber liquid in the glass wasn 't , I suspected , lemonade .
tr	NNS	Luckily , the twins are at a sleepover with a cousin , and I don 't have to contend with their snide remarks .
tr	NN	" This discovery , " the President said , " is ... shall we say ... nothing short of astounding in its ramifications . "
tr	NNS	Immortals could better bear more extremes of temperature , but it was damned cold out tonight .
tr	NNS	The three Welsh warriors all looked alarmingly strong .
tr	NNS	The saucer 's creatures found me there , so I planted the bomb and then used the last of my strength to draw them away .
tr	NNS	" So the other make-out artists can 't see you . "
tr	NNS	Cadmus had prevented the dragon from reaching me .
tr	NN	Hands slide into jacket pockets ready to draw weapons on the intruders , but the Jesters aren 't ruffled .
tr	NN	The deputy slapped on the handcuffs as another one opened the cell door .
tr	NN	The dart carved into his heart , and he held his face neutral , understanding now why the others deflected her .
tr	NNS	The suns have barely risen . "
tr	NNS	The few witnesses that there were had little compelling evidence to offer otherwise ; and it hadn 't been the first accident to occur there either .
tr	NN	Her resolve to leave wavered .
tr	NNS	But all those interesting planes and fascinating bulges were making her hands itch to explore .
tr	NNS	The corporal 's pupils fixed to her , agonized , knowing what she intended .
tr	NNS	Both boxers arrive at the ring and slide into it .
tr	NNS	Things had changed dramatically in the past few months .
tr	NN	Though bourbon was also on his mind .
tr	NN	When Mr. Conklin took the stand and testified that the knives were Cronin 's , Maggie 's quiet weeping was like a buzz in Dan 's ear .
tr	NN	There was layer upon layer of them stretching into the dark depths .
tr	NNS	" Welcome to the Milky Way Terminal , they have a news stand over there , there are also stores , and restaurants upstairs . "
tr	NNS	The roads are in real bad shape .
tr	NN	The bastard should have killed him .
tr	NNS	' Six members unaccounted for , sir .
tr	NNS	Of course not , healers don 't need rest .
tr	NNS	All the military Council members gathered at the Council Hall in the palace for the meeting .
tr	NNS	In my opinion , water sports are the ultimate freedom a human being can enjoy .
tr	NN	Phase is dangerous in the dark .
tr	NNS	Same ads directed at kids .
tr	NNS	The chains held her down .
tr	NNS	" Just the basics , " she said .
tr	NNS	Others went for the electronics department of the store .
tr	NN	" That ridiculous tip that your scientist provided us with turned out to be right on the money . "
tr	NN	The she-wolf 's growl deepened and then she charged .
tr	NN	After what he 'd just seen the little bitch was lucky not to be getting worse from him .
tr	NNS	Growing my abilities might have emotional and physical drawbacks , but they beat being helpless against another kidnapping attempt .
tr	NNS	Perhaps Kaleb 's bloodlines led to this moment .
tr	NN	The stingy bastard , Doggie , didn 't go more than 5,000 .
tr	NN	" Never shoot that close to my face again , " Nicolas panted , eyes still wide .
tr	NN	" The housing market burst .
tr	NNS	Words fell from her mouth in such a beautiful fashion .
tr	NN	A garage with a row of electric vehicles lined up along a wall , and the entry to a tunnel on the opposite side .
tr	NNS	Latham 's wolves attacked others , not him .
tr	NN	That layer of truth had returned to his voice .
tr	NN	What 's a oven ? "
tr	NNS	The gates usually close at night , but I bet we can sneak in and we 'll have the whole thing to ourselves .
tr	NN	The lamp burst and fell to the ground .
tr	NN	Clicking on the banner took her to a web page showing a diagram of the calendar and the video cameras placed around it .
tr	NN	Their courtship and subsequent wedding was as unexpected to these two as it will be to the world .
tr	NNS	Terrestrial colors sweep into view with each stride .
tr	NN	Genevieve 's birth brought Terry and me closer but every time you returned a wedge was shoved deeper between the two of us .
tr	NN	My pulse was all over the place , and I glanced at Daemon for help .
tr	NNS	Ahead of us , at the mouth of the lobby , two more dark figures appeared .
tr	NN	A messy , anguished sob came out of my mouth .
tr	NN	" The time will come when you are needed , " the chaplain promised .
tr	NN	A young agent patrolled the hallway .
tr	NNS	The dwarves collected an assortment of tools .
tr	NN	The oracle glimpsed a single unlikely chain of coincidences that could stop me amid countless ways to fail .
tr	NN	The lack of reaction bothered Hugh .
tr	NN	The thrill of victory was a strange high ; it made me feel powerful .
tr	NN	The disgust in Gage 's voice is palpable .
tr	NNS	But all indications point to the contrary , Dr. Talbot . "
tr	NN	The only consolation she found was him taking her baking into work .
tr	NNS	The Dark Shadowhunters , who had begun to surge forward , froze in confusion .
tr	NNS	Its flat , open nostrils leaked snot onto its lips and chin , which it licked away with a scaly , black tongue .
tr	NN	My birthday was always the one day my father said I could do or have anything I wanted . "
tr	NNS	Tan and ivory speckled granite squares made up the floor .
tr	NN	A campfire and a few torches gave more light now than the fading sky .
tr	NNS	Plush seats filled the wide hall and even more seats filled the balcony , which seemed to float above the floor .
tr	NN	His shapely , ripped body was so eye catching ; it was hard to look away .
tr	NN	Of course , a gentleman wouldn 't have come up here in the first place .
tr	NNS	The dwarves heard it too .
tr	NN	" A better fighter , " mumbled Haddington angrily to himself as he went down the corridor .
tr	NN	" Excuse me , bitch , she 's talking to you , " the brunette said , setting her beer on the table .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared with his every breath , and his muscles knotted , seeming to expand .
tr	NNS	Werewolves heal faster than humans , much faster .
tr	NNS	The edges of his body blurred into a faint whitish light .
tr	NN	Each plant was like an individual .
tr	NN	" How come I got ta see the doctor again ? "
tr	NNS	His fingernails lengthened , becoming razor-sharp claws .
tr	NN	" The best proof , " said Lamont , stiffly , " is to have the Sun explode .
tr	NNS	" There were no lies in those letters .
tr	NN	" Or the lord who ordered this made promises his men thought he could keep .
tr	NN	The fan was one-of-a-kind , like something straight out of a steampunk book , my latest craze .
tr	NNS	The sanctum 's myriad drips disappeared in a cavalcade of gut hysterics .
tr	NN	" There 's this vote , known as the sovereign vote .
tr	NN	The flour blinded both men who were probably expecting guns or something along those lines , but flour wasn 't really one of their anticipated weapons .
tr	NNS	Already there were some signs that the patients were beginning to respond , something which they had not anticipated so soon .
tr	NN	" Ok " said Alfie .
tr	NN	The venom from the stingers dispersed into his skin .
tr	NN	More proof of fate existing I suppose .
tr	NN	" A werewolf killed Amelia and bit Lucas so stop lying to me . "
tr	NNS	The signs had been there .
tr	NNS	His Royal Highness didn 't approve of me talking on the phone when I could be more usefully employed paying attention to him .
tr	NN	The entrance to the cave was as big as a grand hall , sloping steeply downwards a short distance after the entrance .
tr	NNS	The green hills rolled on like unfurled velvet for acres and acres on one side , while the sea churned against the craggy shore on the other .
tr	NNS	Others had already died bravely .
tr	NNS	Frustrated he didn 't believe The Edge 's sound lay solely in the effect pedals he used .
tr	NN	" Love is too hard . "
tr	NNS	These incredible chains of events happened to me every week so I was no more shaken than if I had cut myself shaving .
tr	NNS	The roads are busy of late .
tr	NNS	The wolves were not interested in expressions of gratitude , though .
tr	NN	So if these explosions were all aircraft , my theory is that every aircraft in the sky acted like my coffee machine .
tr	NN	In the meantime I took every precaution to defend my person in case the fiend should openly attack me .
tr	NNS	Seth jumped to his feet again suddenly , the hackles on the back of his neck standing up stiffly .
tr	NNS	" What are the chances of surviving a transplant ? "
tr	NN	The werewolf let me in through the gate , eyeing me with irritation .
tr	NNS	Two small pouches also hung from her waist .
tr	NNS	Your wife 's blood tests show that she is indeed pregnant , which could very well account for the fainting that caused her fall . "
tr	NN	" The television audience has voiced suspicions about Mr. Kenyon 's story .
tr	NN	Her southern Arkansas accent was beginning to grate on my nerves .
tr	NNS	All the potential solutions are far too unpredictable to be usable .
tr	NN	" I 'm Leon Boise , " my new partner tells me as we start to dance .
tr	NN	This damn pilot , I warn Captain Munro , this damn pilot lost . "
tr	NNS	The colors of their skin and eyes could make the most colorful rainbow .
tr	NNS	" Because if you don 't , your headaches will stop . "
tr	NN	The marble cracked , and half of the wall came down , burying the Titan .
tr	NNS	Things couldn 't be any better .
tr	NNS	According to the legend , only their strongest members might be able to convert a mortal .
tr	NN	Gypsy applauded sardonically ; Shaman 's was the gesture of a Shakespearean actor .
tr	NN	A bullet whistled past me .
tr	NN	There was a teeny , tiny creak .
tr	NN	There was a layer of leaves and dirt .
tr	NN	Then every pawn becomes precious .
tr	NNS	Her surroundings spun faster and faster .
tr	NN	Then the pup watched with great interest while George covered it up .
tr	NN	Quinn met my gaze , his own betraying stunned surprise .
tr	NN	The bastard should pay for what he did to you . "
tr	NNS	The fake fingernails could stay for now .
tr	NNS	While the policemen stowed the dragnet , the detectives discussed the information or obfuscation that Frank Woodruff provided .
tr	NN	There 's another policeman . "
tr	NN	A wooden drawbridge descended before them .
tr	NN	" Only her hairstyle is ... well , the pits . "
tr	NNS	" There were no signs of forced entry .
tr	NNS	Surely witnesses did not provide any security for such events , but would in fact do quite the opposite .
tr	NNS	Seraph blades burned so brightly that Will always expected them to give off heat , but their blades were ice cold to the touch .
tr	NN	The cancer metastasized , and the man died . "
tr	NN	Within minutes , a whirlwind began to form from the sky , forming a funnel whose end was about to suck Kiev in .
tr	NN	With the tiger dead , the adrenaline started to subside .
tr	NN	The Jacuzzi is bubbling and sweating into the night so we take our shoes off and roll up our jeans while sitting on the edge .
tr	NNS	The colors of the place were vibrant , but it was the group of people standing outside the doors that captured my attention and held it .
tr	NN	The maid looks at my hands and what I 'm holding .
tr	NNS	Ice crystal flakes begun to fall from the sky .
tr	NNS	The two rows of theatre ribbons looked colorful against the dark blue background .
tr	NNS	Mech wolves began herding the freedom fighters into a tight pack .
tr	NN	A Facebook page blinked on the screen .
tr	NN	Around her neck was an intricately wrought crucifix of silver .
tr	NNS	These factories in Thailand are automated and people only work eight hour shifts .
tr	NN	The sparkle of the diamond on her finger twinkled mockingly back at her .
tr	NNS	What do philosophers posit , only words and theory ?
tr	NN	His honesty surprised her .
tr	NNS	The heavy frames of the tinted glasses gave his face an expression that was alien to it .
tr	NNS	Marius was climbing up out of a bloodstained pit of broken ice with Pandora and Santino to aid him .
tr	NNS	You know , the networks keep playing it over and over .
tr	NNS	" At least a thousand millions , " replied the Secretary of the Treasury .
tr	NNS	" Ninety degrees isn 't all that hot . "
tr	NN	Light shone from the windows and several people stood outside , laughing .
tr	NNS	If there was a story behind those remains , the facts would come out eventually .
tr	NN	A tiny thrill dazzled Colleen before she remembered that Jenna was her friend .
tr	NN	A whistle draws my attention .
tr	NNS	Those electric blues slid back to Danika .
tr	NN	An unmistakable tremor shook her and his body tensed in response .
tr	NNS	To my horror , both dolphins were out of their harnesses .
tr	NNS	Maks had told them earlier that the two Romanov children were herded east , away from the Red Army .
tr	NNS	The gems shimmer as I stare down at the ring .
tr	NNS	The members would love her .
tr	NN	The only asset of value was the computer , and Nicholas was certain no one could breach its security system .
tr	NNS	His kisses started at my belly button and started trailing down one of my hips .
tr	NN	" That light shard will not save you .
tr	NNS	The new warriors He called gargoyles .
tr	NNS	On his arms were mostly designs and patterns , thin and black like wrought iron .
tr	NNS	Hephaestus chuckled and said , " I 've never had someone ask for an autograph before . "
tr	NNS	His eyelids fluttered , obstinate determination to not give in the only thing keeping him conscious .
tr	NN	" Look , this is a temple of God here , " the head cleric began .
tr	NN	His nausea had subsided .
tr	NNS	Our gates are tactical .
tr	NN	Leah and Taylor 's seemingly faster recovery from Maddie 's passing reminded me of when Dad left Mom .
tr	NN	A dragon like no other .
tr	NNS	Waves of disharmony overcame her .
tr	NNS	Several pairs of eyes are on us as we follow Baron into the very center of what appears to be a common hangout area .
tr	NNS	Their tongues slipped and slid together as he entered her , her slick flesh stretching , then tightening around him .
tr	NNS	Our contacts in Cairo saw them put it underground .
tr	NN	Lo and behold , a tray waited beside the door , with a carafe , a cup and biscotti .
tr	NNS	" The leaders of this era made modern gangsters look like truant children , they 're basically running a huge protection racket , only it 's legal .
tr	NN	Her political career had lots of credit to her fine oratory skills .
tr	NNS	The pearls won 't look right .
tr	NN	Without an edible morsel in sight , my food diary mocked me from the bottom of the bag .
tr	NNS	" So lasers positioned as if to strike a cube . .
tr	NN	Her grandmother had been devoutly Orthodox and tried to teach her to trust in heaven .
tr	NNS	At the corner , more shouts exploded and feet hammered , chasing them .
tr	NNS	No , the authorities were not willing to say that at all ; but the police said that it had .
tr	NN	Part of me thought it was the calm before the shit storm .
tr	NN	The bastard released his grip on her throat so he could take hold of her shoulders and hoist her onto the bed .
tr	NN	His command came out like slow fire , licking away at me and compelling me to melt at his will .
tr	NN	The ugly stepsisters ? "
tr	NNS	The different colors in her hair hardly showed when she wore it up .
tr	NN	A tall mountain pushed high out of the rain forest to the south .
tr	NNS	The other captains at the time had wanted to maintain the peace so they voted to let it go .
tr	NN	Our stroll is coming upon a huge fountain with floating candles and Knox halts me with an iron grip around my waist .
tr	NN	" My lord , " said the lead guard , and the others ushered me forward .
tr	NN	" I 'm very sorry to approach you like this , " the dean said , and our eyes connected .
tr	NNS	There were heavy iron gates on both ends of the hallway .
tr	NN	His route led them briefly into the shallowest levels of the Deeps , then crossed beneath the Citadel 's walls .
tr	NNS	Reaching up , the duchess put her arms around the weeping girl who was trying valiantly to comfort her , and drew Alexandra close .
tr	NNS	There were several beach shots of Damien and I , and I flushed at some of them .
tr	NNS	No other planes were visible .
tr	NNS	Things would seem easier in the daylight .
tr	NN	My neighbor , Mrs. Connelly , had one , and I used to walk it .
tr	NN	The pup even liked her .
tr	NN	That press release said very little but somehow satisfied everyone . "
tr	NN	The pilot banked it hard left , and they took off over the dark swamps .
tr	NN	The canned whipped cream sat on the counter .
tr	NNS	The dancing figures were barely turning .
tr	NN	' Sure , ' Love said , and walked out again .
tr	NNS	My curses only work on animals and people .
tr	NNS	" Damn night patrols , " one grumbled .
tr	NN	A lord has many lords beneath him , and they answer to him , and serve at his beckoning . "
tr	NNS	Heavy footsteps sounded in the hallway , and one of Ham 's guards entered a moment later .
tr	NNS	Names like ... what ? " "
tr	NN	This naked parade you 're so intent on being a mascot in is covering for a deficiency you don 't have .
tr	NNS	The characters again flowed out of her , disappearing into the air .
tr	NN	CHAPTER EIGHT Despite my best efforts to stay positive , Jennifer 's meddling sent my mood plummeting .
tr	NN	Our ransom money demand is actually , only , about a few dozens . "
tr	NNS	Things were falling into place .
tr	NN	A slave is one whose freedom has been taken away from him .
tr	NN	Her trident was ripping apart the wind in every direction like a tycoon .
tr	NN	" The term is hacker , and it 's ancient slang .
tr	NN	Every time Ship spoke he felt himself reduced to a mote .
tr	NN	A treat for us , " Iseo informed him .
tr	NNS	The members of the Council , dressed in ubiquitous black , sat like statues .
tr	NNS	Things that would make it more difficult to leave him when the time came .
tr	NN	The Southern drawl issued forth : " Hold it right there , pilgrim .
tr	NN	" Yeah , Willa will tell you about it later , " Jazz replied and nodded to her .
tr	NN	No one paid any attention to him , brooding in the back of a car , with his head down , his jacket hood draped over it .
tr	NN	" Love isn 't for me . "
tr	NN	Max 's pilot opened his mouth to ask something , but Max raised a hand to silence him .
tr	NN	Luke 's uncle seemed like a decent man .
tr	NNS	His thrusts were so deep .
tr	NNS	The back hallways of Keep Venture were tight , dark , stone constructions of labyrinthine complexity .
tr	NNS	Others must have felt the same , because the streets were crowded .
tr	NNS	Woven strips of linen bound their legs , torsos , and chests .
tr	NNS	The engineers ' calculations proved perfect .
tr	NNS	The flight attendants close around us in a protective barrier as we wait by the door .
tr	NN	The cellar was a frightening place when it was dark .
tr	NNS	All at once a shadow drapes over me like a dark blanket , blotting out all light , all hope .
tr	NNS	The doorways are old and people stare cruelly and I cannot stay here .
tr	NN	A challenge might not be the smartest way to start their conversation , but it told him she refused to be intimidated .
tr	NN	But his dying plea unmistakably got through .
tr	NNS	Folks in Whitley City had hung the name persimmons on the old lady since no one had ever seen her smile .
tr	NN	The Cat said sarcastically , " Well that was some alliteration . "
tr	NN	" ad ... Can you hear me ? "
tr	NNS	The masks rushed to meet them .
tr	NN	Your loyalty is with me tonight , where it belonged in the first place .
tr	NN	Not too long ago , downtown would have been teeming with traffic at that time of morning .
tr	NNS	The two shots missed .
tr	NN	White Eagle , always fair , ' lovingly ' scolded Golden Seagull and concluded : " You are not a bird but a bitch !
tr	NN	The dragon lifted his hand , stroked her cheek .
tr	NN	Their visibility degraded as less and less light filtered through the evergreens .
tr	NN	Half the clearing belonged to Earl 's ranch , the other half to the Volcanic National Forest .
tr	NN	" Chance of light snow tonight . "
tr	NNS	The werewolves will be breaking down your walls any minute now .
tr	NNS	Hephaestus sucked in a deep breath and brought both of his knees to his chest .
tr	NN	My birthday was last week .
tr	NN	" Yes , " Doyle said , " illusion used as a disguise . "
tr	NNS	Here there were small streams , patches of woodland and tiny clusters of building .
tr	NN	Love was standing right behind her .
tr	NN	The liquid was warm , and it emitted an odor that was new to her and she didn 't find pleasant .
tr	NNS	The chorus members rush out to take their bows .
tr	NNS	And your stores in particular have lots of growth opportunity .
tr	NN	Jane 's mask turned a darker shade of red , something Tick hadn 't thought possible .
tr	NN	" The boom , " McBride pointed , " is heavy .
tr	NN	The yield is only about three bushels of grain for one bushel of seed .
tr	NNS	Her own parents ' deaths in that car crash had been so long ago that she hardly even remembered them .
tr	NN	If he wasn 't trapped at his own dinner table , Link didn 't even pretend to move the food around anymore .
tr	NNS	Things between Chris and Erica had to get better with the simple passing of time right ? "
tr	NNS	Beyond the window overlooking the courtyard , creatures were scrambling for cover , but Victor merely continued to swirl his arm .
tr	NN	" ... The castle and land ... where would that be ? "
tr	NN	Perhaps her impulsive trick had not been wise .
tr	NN	The mayor , enraged to hear this , ordered that the barber be put in jail for one year .
tr	NN	A sob parted the woman 's lips , and she spun on her heel , her wings expanding in a burst of movement .
tr	NN	the deputy yelled back while turning around to face her .
tr	NNS	The chances of you surviving me are laudable . "
tr	NNS	Washington winter winds whipped sleet and snow sideways , the icy sheet parting before encircling a shivering woman .
tr	NNS	Like we 're buddies , so I might confide in you .
tr	NN	Ketchup 's answering scowl gets my brother 's hackles up , but I 'm sure Ketchup 's earlier words are still too fresh for him to argue .
tr	NNS	French warriors killed Fox warriors , and Fox warriors killed French .
tr	NNS	His siblings immediately surrounded him , asking if he was injured or depressed .
tr	NN	The TV was on mute while one of the students described what had happened in the cafeteria that morning .
tr	NN	The colonel was one of these .
tr	NN	His lordship had kindly offered me a place if I ever left Mr. Horne , and I came here to ask if he still wanted me .
tr	NNS	" My fans love Doctor Blood . "
tr	NNS	My girlfriends are on the dance floor . "
tr	NN	' Hah , only because he was worried the car crash wasn 't going to leave him anything salvageable !
tr	NN	While I cannot say for sure that I have mastered the concept , at least Rome , my heroine , seems to have done so .
tr	NNS	Those tentacles had to be dozens of kilometers long .
tr	NNS	There are five seats in your row .
tr	NNS	The offers and counter offers didn 't last long with only the four groups present .
tr	NNS	From this angle his nostrils appeared cavernous .
tr	NN	The flat screen TV was on , showing footage from what looked like the concert last night .
tr	NNS	Her Highness staggered back to the chair and collapsed into it .
tr	NN	The bullet set off a nasty infection in me , and I guess they felt pretty strongly that it wasn 't time for me to die . "
tr	NNS	Small dusty roads led from the wooden harbour into the bustling market place and town centre .
tr	NNS	The breaks in the security light created a composite 3-dimensional image of a person making their way down from the roof .
tr	NN	The unmistakable growl of a big dog came through the walkie-talkie .
tr	NNS	" My abilities have changed .
tr	NN	A perfect option , and Giancarlo sprinted for eleven yards .
tr	NN	Thirty pounds lighter and two or three inches shorter , the fourteen-year-old was a chip off the block .
tr	NNS	Goss asked as he carefully made his way back to the passenger door and got in .
tr	NN	That lack made it difficult to cook , but then I didn 't have much time for that anymore .
tr	NN	An odd blue beetle passes inches from my nose , oblivious .
tr	NNS	The lies stopped on her tongue .
tr	NNS	Her fears of him being an embarrassment were unfounded .
tr	NN	' Well this uncle has a house in Enfield ... ' Raphael cut short his chit-chat with Grace .
tr	NN	A wicked twinkle appeared in her eye as she studied Liz 's pale reflection .
tr	NNS	Ethan 's sizable apartments were also there , as were the suite of rooms next door that Luc referred to as the " boudoir . "
tr	NNS	The runes inscribed on the axe glowed red as Stave charged the nearest of the spiders .
tr	NN	Sabrina could make a man confess his every sin by batting her eyelashes over her emerald eyes .
tr	NNS	Her blades , shaped in homage to the sister moons , were at her sides .
tr	NN	" Of course not , its next orbit around the sun will be in the third millennium BC , then the 76th .
tr	NN	The tribe began to gather and load into their canoes .
tr	NN	As Tabitha approached Jake , blasting him with another ball of energy her paralysis broke and she yelled Tabitha 's name .
tr	NNS	The movie credits are scrolling up the screen and I watch them for a minute , before I realize she 's crying .
tr	NNS	Chills raced up my spine and my heart skipped a beat , right as Ray shouldered the door again .
tr	NN	" By God 's mother , this chariot is most fast ! "
tr	NN	There isn 't any operating theatre either .
tr	NN	One casualty of the move was William 's private library .
tr	NN	But copper isn 't so valuable , and only a bit of it 's brass .
tr	NN	The tail wasn 't the only thing that needed to get washed .
tr	NNS	The hobbits did not shut their eyes .
tr	NNS	These clips and this instruction booklet will show you how to do it .
tr	NN	The angel pulls him higher , wrapping a protective wing around him .
tr	NNS	The technological trappings of civilization began to fade in the scenes .
tr	NNS	The assassin 's movements did little to distract her from whatever thoughts wreaked havoc in her head .
tr	NNS	The squirrels don 't mind if your face is dirty . '
tr	NNS	Lights of various colors began to issue from the devices , overlapping and weaving .
tr	NN	The hunter examined the drink 's color and the foamy head for just a moment and , with a smile , took a long draught .
tr	NNS	The witnesses testify to the fact he seemed to have some superhuman powers .
tr	NN	The belt buckle is actually a throwing star , or , in a pinch , a grappling hook , reinforced titanium . "
tr	NNS	" There are some leftover pancakes in the fridge if you want them . "
tr	NNS	Silence please , " said the professor in a grave and somber voice to hush down the murmurs in his class .
tr	NNS	Sam demands and Tyson looks at me with panicked eyes .
tr	NNS	The spikes on his head swayed in agreement .
tr	NNS	Seamus can wait , sure he can . "
tr	NNS	A few punches might actually make for some stress relief right about now .
tr	NNS	And if I remember right , sprites are mean little buggers . "
tr	NN	Seconds later , the seemingly thick leader puts the pieces together .
tr	NNS	" Where are the tunnels ? "
tr	NNS	My clients pay a lot of money to have the best , so I need you to look like the best .
tr	NN	" Do as he says , damn you , " the captain shouted down the steps when his men hesitated , and they struggled to obey him .
tr	NNS	Her mattress lay halfway off the bed .
tr	NN	The butter sauce was creamy and divine , giving the little piece of meat more flavor than I had been expecting for something so small .
tr	NNS	Watching films has always been my specialty .
tr	NN	There was a mass of paperwork and dozens of photographs .
tr	NN	A dusting of stubble lines his jaw , dark like the sexy hair covering his head in thick waves .
tr	NNS	The dimness seemed comforting for some reason , almost as if it restored in some measure his anonymity .
tr	NN	With another swipe of his hand , his own clothing melted away .
tr	NNS	" But the berries are working for less and less time .
tr	NN	The steam rolls over the deck and from our bodies in waves as we slip below the water .
tr	NN	The bacon disappeared , too , I noticed .
tr	NNS	To her amazement the boar grunted , pranced on the lip of the precipice and scrambled away , the hounds floundering as they turned to follow .
tr	NN	" Her pulse is steady .
tr	NN	An agent would attack first , not scream .
tr	NN	A werewolf who 'd ripped the throats out of six homeless men in Seattle .
tr	NN	The perpetrator wasn 't a stranger .
tr	NNS	" Dead drones are so inconvenient .
tr	NN	A runner approaches . "
tr	NN	The daze I felt had cleared up , except for a headache and few muscle spasms , and my shoes were no longer on my feet .
tr	NN	The brown paint was chipping off here and there , and the windows were cracked at some places , the door barely hanging on its hinges .
tr	NN	Why did prejudice have to figure into it ?
tr	NNS	All the Fine Arts Division 's dirty linen would be on display before this was over .
tr	NN	Part of her hoped he 'd say no , that this was one little test she 'd fail .
tr	NNS	Things , at least for right now , felt right .
tr	NN	" I always thought his reputation was more farted air than truth , " the second Warlord said .
tr	NN	A magnificent black unicorn gazed at them .
tr	NN	The crunched bullet fell to the ground .
tr	NNS	Things will be very bad now . "
tr	NNS	And gun lovers had contacts regular people did not .
tr	NN	And wouldn 't the downfall be heavenly ?
tr	NN	" ' Ow come ' ow come you ain 't ashamed of what you done ? "
tr	NNS	Red and purple sparks crackled in the air every time our blades met .
tr	NN	" My birthday was last month ; I turned twelve .
tr	NN	And okay , wow , the workout had affected her more than she 'd realized .
tr	NNS	The consequences might be ... .
tr	NNS	Muscles strained on Blake 's arms as he held her close and moaned his release into her ear .
tr	NNS	The couples in the Carter family looked far too solid for her to make that sour comment .
tr	NN	Love opened the zip of the bag lying on top .
tr	NN	Another cascade of pain rippled through me as more bones set and the gashes healed .
tr	NNS	Things had exploded that morning .
tr	NN	The savage determination of the thought filled Cassie and she tasted bile at the back of her throat .
tr	NN	All her nerve ends were tingling in response to it , strung tight , waiting , wanting .
tr	NN	" A quick injection , Pleasure dies of cardiac arrest , and it looks like natural causes .
tr	NNS	Not his letters , or his emails , and not the phone calls .
tr	NNS	The members of it in turn directed me to the Dark Sisters .
tr	NNS	Behind the silhouette , two other figures appeared , shorter than the first .
tr	NNS	The one circled is the guy that 's going around bragging about shooting the peeping tom .
tr	NNS	At least the zombies hadn 't figured out how to get in .
tr	NNS	Frankie 's eyelids flutter .
tr	NN	The van turned right again , and was braking steadily , and came to a stop .
tr	NNS	Back at home , the cousins came up with a novel way to earn money .
tr	NN	" How did the thief get in ? "
tr	NN	The Jeep is mine now .
tr	NNS	Muscles roped and banded his shoulders and arms , bunching poetically as he settled his hands on his h * ps to observe her in return .
tr	NN	The corporal , in his harsh voice , repeated what he had told the sergeant , and I repeated my rather poor excuse .
tr	NNS	Quickly two wild shots clipped the tree branches above the two prone men .
tr	NNS	Things were definitely changing .
tr	NN	And just as she concentrated completely , the pager in her bag suddenly beeped and vibrated .
tr	NN	More damage , " Georgie confessed .
tr	NN	" We ended up close by accident , and this close relationship lasts to this day , " Gold unwittingly cringed .
tr	NNS	His curses turned to muffled sounds of protest .
tr	NN	There was a snort , a clattering sound , and the Librarian changed into something suitable for the beach .
tr	NNS	One quick toss and he 'd be on the ground .
tr	NN	When she woke up , her grandmother cooked her breakfast in the tiny , silent kitchen .
tr	NNS	There were four taps on the door .
tr	NNS	The servants at the town house he keeps here don 't know when he left or when he 'll be back .
tr	NNS	The fine ladies and gentlemen moved through the prescribed steps with grace and refinement .
tr	NNS	" What are the chances he 's a drug dealer ? "
tr	NN	That privilege belonged only to those of human origin .
tr	NNS	His next actions solidified my suspicions that his intentions toward me were less than noble .
tr	NNS	White fumes kicked backward .
tr	NNS	Chartres plucked at a bit of her lace , smiling , his wild eye giving him a rakish look .
tr	NNS	The cards will help spread the word . "
tr	NNS	" Two chances gone - one remains . "
tr	NN	His human reflection stared back at me .
tr	NNS	Not many changes save for technological ones in hundreds of years .
tr	NN	The robe she wore gapped open .
tr	NN	The silent efficiency was unsettling , to say the least .
tr	NN	Your challenge was remarkable . "
tr	NN	But the warrior in him knew better .
tr	NN	There was a roar in his ears and the room seemed to dim around him as he continued his erotic exploration of her silken skin .
tr	NN	" My master asked that you might come quickly , my lord . "
tr	NNS	Their skills as fighters were remarkable .
tr	NNS	" But now , the dynamics have changed . "
tr	NNS	Diggs was watching me from the passenger 's seat .
tr	NN	The formality was irritating .
tr	NNS	The edges of her mouth lifted up .
tr	NN	" My only goal was to get away from the Troika and find this place .
tr	NN	All the yelling gives me a headache . "
tr	NN	The guilt tore me in two .
tr	NN	Was my operation more successful ?
tr	NN	The monetary value of Jacob Wood 's life was , say , a million dollars .
tr	NNS	" Our chances of surviving greatly increased when you arrived , if nothing else .
tr	NN	Apparently his arrangement with Oliver had sparked an idea , and Walt was now willing to trade newspaper space for goods and services .
tr	NNS	The werewolves are a problem . "
tr	NN	The map was inside . "
tr	NN	Before nightfall , her reputation would be in shreds .
tr	NNS	The grocery aisles and the small fresh produce section occupied the left-hand side of the premises .
tr	NNS	" Well , the temples here are ah ... less than ideal in their facilities .
tr	NNS	The long leather jackets proved very efficient against the rain , though their lack of hoods had their heads wet within seconds .
tr	NN	The outdoor rug beneath our feet brought a cheerful tangerine splash of color to the gray concrete .
tr	NN	" Part of me died that day .
tr	NNS	Many otherwise great warriors have met their end for being of this unfortunate opinion .
tr	NN	Part of the problem , of course , was the sheer scale of the building .
tr	NNS	Dragons took their own lives ? "
tr	NN	The trickle and burble of the fountain was the only sound , despite all the people there .
tr	NNS	Still , like all places , drugs and death was present but the murder rate had always remained historically very low .
tr	NNS	There were no streetlights along the canal ; the main illumination here came from the windows of nearby houses .
tr	NNS	The Loire flowed at an easy pace , the banks of its brown waters crowded with trees in new leaf .
tr	NNS	The chances of him ever getting home were slim at best .
tr	NN	The constant wailing echoed around our farm .
tr	NNS	Dire wolves are larger , stronger , and more fiercely independent , and they hate the Anomalies who oppressed them in their infancy . "
tr	NN	" They ain 't right , " a teacher once told me when I asked why they shot the adults .
tr	NN	Even the sheriff and his deputy had moved their main offices to Level 5 .
tr	NN	There was no nausea , no distaste for the smells wafting in the air around him .
tr	NN	The animal was shaking , fur wet and dark as its sides heaved .
tr	NN	The studio 's near worthless .
tr	NNS	Muscles in his arms flexed as he tossed it to the floor .
tr	NNS	" Since when did past sexual experiences qualify as interesting ? "
tr	NN	Neither county investigator had bothered to try her , but she didn 't mention it .
tr	NNS	Their footprints from the den in the glade had diverged almost straight away ; those seeds of mistrust replaced the uprooted white moss in her mind .
tr	NN	" I got to thinkin ' ye should have at least a small weapon just in case ye need to defend yerself , " the captain said .
tr	NNS	The tentacles lifted us up closer towards the giant menacing creature .
tr	NN	Thick foliage and trees protected the entire side of the house .
tr	NN	" Morning lessons instead of our walk , then ? "
tr	NNS	But their losses reached the point where the missing cash began cutting into the hush money for the dishonest officials in their Claw fraternity network .
tr	NNS	Suspicious glanced at her , considering his options .
tr	NN	Down below us was the bay , the Fox River running through the heart of town , and the city of Green Bay .
tr	NN	A soft chuckle sounded from behind her , and she stopped breathing .
tr	NNS	Things had been moving so quickly I hadn 't even paused to consider my feelings .
tr	NN	" You probably have , " the bandit leader said .
tr	NNS	No matter why they fell a certain way , the runes always spoke to her .
tr	NN	He squeezes the spot above my knee , then slides up one heavenly inch .
tr	NNS	There were heavy drapes to either side of the window that we didn 't touch .
tr	NN	" Yeah , and right now my attitude is pretty poor , no pun intended .
tr	NN	His red-haired tyrant was angry .
tr	NNS	Since he had traveled alone there were no witnesses to his adventure , and he had gathered no evidence from tribes .
tr	NN	" No kidding , " I agreed , " Check out the fire pit ! "
tr	NN	The bra came next .
tr	NNS	There were even ancient scrolls that looked too delicate to properly handle , and a few wax tablets that Amelie had told her dated from Roman times .
tr	NN	Breedlove 's well-kept bronze , curly mane shimmered in the light , along with her delicate soft magnolia skin .
tr	NN	Again the policeman watched the interaction with a genuinely pleasant smile .
tr	NN	One house away , the dog stopped gnawing on the severed arm and looked up , his furry muzzle as red as his owner 's suit .
tr	NN	If you accept some passages of the Book literally , then there is an implication that some robots were in human shape . "
tr	NN	Love couldn 't come this way for her .
tr	NNS	Many images came to mind , but they were things she had imagined , and not true memories , perhaps .
tr	NNS	Luckily , the Police shared my suspicions .
tr	NN	The bot springs back to its firm stance .
tr	NN	One Way to Cope " People , we have a new member of our group , " the leader said .
tr	NNS	Officials running around like headless chooks .
tr	NNS	The hallways were numerous but there was a red arrow with " studio " painted on each wall , showing the direction .
tr	NN	" I imagine ' t is different for a Fae woman . "
tr	NNS	The sirens were getting louder .
tr	NN	Her writing was natural , flowing out of her like a river running downstream .
tr	NNS	There were further murmurs , this time of approval from the assembled councillors .
tr	NN	Any minute , midnight would arrive and he would die - but he was taking everyone here with him .
tr	NNS	Reyes moved quickly , then climbed up on the platform .
tr	NN	" No dragon can break past plastic .
tr	NNS	All the attendants had keys to the bathrooms in case of an emergency and Rashid considered his woman throwing up a definite emergency .
tr	NN	The slender straps on the gown glittered with gold crystals , while the deep V in the center plummeted down into the swelling valley of her breasts .
tr	NN	A staccato of bright red flashes burst from a recess in the top of the boulder .
tr	NN	a chorus of high schoolers all across the cafeteria shouted .
tr	NNS	Warning sirens screeched in his skull .
tr	NNS	Standing before me , thousands of miles from the spot of our last meeting , is the girl from alleyway , the girl from the mist .
tr	NNS	But visitors had to be buzzed in .
tr	NN	His animalistic growl leaves no question that he is angry .
tr	NNS	But the rumours had been true .
tr	NNS	As if reacting to this , something loudly bellowed , and a monster appeared over the roofs .
tr	NNS	Names , characters and situations are completely fictional and a work of the author 's imagination .
tr	NN	" The place stank of something demonic in origin .
tr	NN	Off in the distance , a rider was coming in on a horse , but no one was paying much attention .
tr	NN	" A slave and worse . "
tr	NN	His release came a moment later and he fell onto her , unable to move for a long time .
tr	NN	For him and for me , our writing was our lives .
tr	NN	If successful , their reward was a division of the spoils .
tr	NNS	Things just weren 't adding up .
tr	NNS	Others worked on painting the gate and replacing its rusted hinges .
tr	NN	However , your Grandfather was a very respected man .
tr	NNS	" Lives are long , in my world . "
tr	NN	Acute lust and desire swept through him as her lush body welcomed his .
tr	NNS	" To help our personnel inside , other troops stationed outside will serve as another form of diversion effect for our troops landing in .
tr	NNS	Looking up he saw the copper gears , the cogs endlessly turning .
tr	NNS	" Mr. Cruyff downstairs sent me up to talk to Mr. Aguinaldo . "
tr	NN	The growling grows louder .
tr	NN	The leader of the bandits immediately reached out behind Sally and grabbed her by the hair .
tr	NN	There was something unnatural about it , something that chilled Thomas inside and out .
tr	NN	A vicious gleam filled Surreal 's eyes .
tr	NN	The squad positions itself under Boggs 's direction , and then we have to wait for Cressida to get the cameramen in place as well .
tr	NN	The committee nodded their agreement .
tr	NN	" And sacrifice Bran ? "
tr	NN	The dragon had taken flight .
tr	NN	But before she could decide , there was a clatter , and the crash of breaking glass .
tr	NNS	Others wish they didn 't exist .
tr	NN	There is a buffet style setup to the cafeteria .
tr	NN	His beak opened , emitting a wild shriek into the night .
tr	NN	There was a click , and nothing .
tr	NN	Our forefather 's only goal was to stay alive for as long as possible .
tr	NN	Chapter Eight Lust and Things Brielle takes to me to the nearest ER , and I blatantly refuse to get out of the car .
tr	NNS	Those horns and the territorial look in the nearest beasts ' eyes were sufficient deterrent to keep her outside the barred gate .
tr	NN	The explorers had often used this ability to create tactics to fit any particular situation they came across .
tr	NN	" But this cover model " - I took the book from him and waved it around - " is a real person somewhere .
tr	NNS	" Inquiring minds want to know . "
tr	NNS	Psych tests , IQ tests , tests that screen for personality disorders .
tr	NNS	There were no other passengers in the car .
tr	NN	" The poet and Transcendental philosopher ?
tr	NNS	Americus sheathed the saber and changed the subject .
tr	NN	A freaking handsome one too .
tr	NNS	The servants distributed the mead and those who did not want mead had a never-ending supply of wine from the Duke 's own vineyards .
tr	NNS	What were the chances ?
tr	NNS	Others collapsed into the blackness along with the mighty Red Wall , which crumpled like a sandcastle caught in the waves of a high tide .
tr	NNS	Angelus had bet on the wrong team .
tr	NNS	Some scholars have suggested that these four categories of texts represent four different stages in the spiritual evolution of the Aryans , the peoples of the Vedas .
tr	NNS	Little white spots started to appear in my vision as the unbearable pain began to recede .
tr	NN	Against my skin , the pendant gave me goose bumps but warmed instantly .
tr	NN	Turning her attention upon herself she realized , just how see through , the gown had really become over the years .
tr	NNS	Our mothers were twin sisters ; good thing they 're gone now , because this would have killed them both . "
tr	NNS	Things often changed , but always due to Adam 's own behavior and decisions .
tr	NNS	Images of both Derek and Lucas filled her head .
tr	NN	Her lack of welcome apparently didn 't bother him .
tr	NNS	Two followers are holding him tightly by the arms .
tr	NNS	Others were approaching the group to welcome them .
tr	NNS	The symptoms were usually like a flu and lasted for about two weeks .
tr	NN	Their mutual release when it came was quick and powerful .
tr	NNS	His eyelids drooped sleepily .
tr	NNS	When he took his seat again , the dowager duchess rose from hers .
tr	NN	Chance kept one arm around Gwen while he pulled out his phone .
tr	NN	The reflection revealed a total of three men .
tr	NNS	Their deaths aren 't your fault , though .
tr	NN	' Yet , ' Love repeated .
tr	NNS	" The ladies working this morning , Evelyn ? "
tr	NN	The angel on my shoulder shouts .
tr	NNS	Looks like you and Dougal ripped them up pretty good .
tr	NNS	Our bodily functions were no secret , performed in full view with no shame .
tr	NN	" Without children and child support or a custody battle , the divorce should be smooth sailing . "
tr	NNS	Alarm horns were blaring into the night .
tr	NN	I ' l put him in the root cel ar . "
tr	NNS	There are council members in a safe location as well .
tr	NNS	The locks are tight anyway . "
tr	NN	While they made miserable attempts , the sergeant lectured the group .
tr	NN	" So the male Apollyon is babysitting me . "
tr	NNS	His fellow Commission members were to his left and right .
tr	NNS	Lights came on when she crossed the threshold .
tr	NNS	The beatings were easier to endure than the thought of her death .
tr	NNS	No footsteps resounded from the halls beyond his bedchamber door .
tr	NN	the guitarist shot back from behind his mask .
tr	NNS	Lord Avery 's nostrils flared .
tr	NN	A tremble rocked her , need dampening her panties .
tr	NN	A shiny red Mercedes convertible drove up to the garage door , almost hitting it .
tr	NNS	These two professors and their wives had been the most conservative of the bunch .
tr	NN	And the salmon puffs .
tr	NNS	Lots of them , going back a long time .
tr	NN	But there was some damage to your electronic devices .
tr	NN	" No offense , but your demons are really , really stupid .
tr	NN	A tremor of desire rolled through me .
tr	NN	There was a red haze of madness , a fire sweeping through her .
tr	NN	The medicine makes her tired , but she isn 't as anxious when she gets confused .
tr	NN	" Hey , " the policeman shook her awake .
tr	NNS	To her room , ' said Ani , emerging from the darkness breathlessly , pupils huge and black .
tr	NNS	On the left after coming through the jangling door were two long aisles stuffed with magazines .
tr	NN	The bitch can 't afford this property .
tr	NNS	Short of throwing myself on the ground and shrieking , my chances of turning him aside were zero .
tr	NNS	Rags fetched it and ran back to Michael .
tr	NN	With the suddenness of a windstorm a piercing shriek let loose from behind them , as horrible and terrifying a sound as any they had ever heard .
tr	NNS	In the end , the consequences are yours and yours alone to face .
tr	NNS	Marius rolled to him and sat up , then swung his leg over Bastian 's torso to straddle his chest .
tr	NNS	Red spots flashed across my vision .
tr	NN	The tip of his sword seemed to graze by Hastings 's ear , then plunge into a Viking 's chest .
tr	NN	A ram stood in the gap , shaking its head to dislodge bits of post from its horns .
tr	NNS	All kitchens have a second entrance -- it comes in handy when accepting food deliveries or throwing out trash .
tr	NN	' Or the mountain range in the north .
tr	NNS	But all the cells were empty now .
tr	NN	And there wasn 't any sympathy in his voice at all .
tr	NN	The explanation he 'd given her won her over all the time .
tr	NNS	My heart races knowing I will soon be seeing her .
tr	NNS	" Roll cameras , " said Ponytail when they were back with the others .
tr	NNS	The scenes on TV verified my guesses .
tr	NN	Even in the dream , my pulse was racing .
tr	NN	" Such a sweet little Healer , " Chase said and pulled her closer to him .
tr	NN	The trio swung into the corridor , striking Sandbag 's running knees and sending him hurtling through the air .
tr	NN	Once on the open road , the coast presented a beautiful vista .
tr	NNS	Eventually edges of light glimmered through patches of the loosely woven sack .
tr	NNS	Your cells will be functioning at their peak ability .
tr	NN	The school vacation gave business a shot in the arm .
tr	NN	And the arrogant bastard knew that .
tr	NN	The audience roared as Ash 's head hit the wall and he winced in pain .
tr	NN	The veteran administrator deep inside Beth began to assert itself over her fears .
tr	NN	She 's nothing but dirt underneath my fingernails , o nly good for one thing . "
tr	NNS	Cautious footsteps carry him through the overheated air by a huge window and deliver him into cooler shadows where his image is reflected on the glass .
tr	NN	The dart struck him in the chest .
tr	NN	But the clientele can be unruly , and lately they 've been more territorial than ever . "
tr	NNS	Granted , certain metal man designs were also very sophisticated and possessed high capacity brains , but none of them resembled the vanished rulers like he did .
tr	NN	Preparing for takeoff , the pilot says , " Next stop , Tiger Island . "
tr	NN	But the government didn 't want to give up on that important source of energy and societal control .
tr	NN	But Sophie 's brusque manner was back .
tr	NNS	Witches were famous for their trickery -- almost as much as the Sisters -- but the woman had piqued my curiosity .
tr	NN	" Ok , sweetheart , you 're going to be fine , ok .
tr	NN	Eventually , hunger drove her back into the kitchen .
tr	NN	The posse behind crept closer .
tr	NNS	The fireworks wouldn 't start until twilight deepened into darkness .
tr	NN	The click of his Adam 's apple seemed loud in that tense moment of silence .
tr	NN	" The committee knows the date a year in advance , so the caterer , the music , and decor person are all booked .
tr	NN	There were twenty-two of us , at last count , anyway .
tr	NN	The best value of the leader is to die as well as the followers .
tr	NN	The chest is broader , dusted with fine blond hairs that reappear low on a taut stomach .
tr	NNS	The grandparents had all offered to take her for a week , but this had originally been our vacation , until we switched into our wedding celebration .
tr	NNS	Even her eyelids felt heavy as she kept an eye on both the autopilot and the application , still showing green .
tr	NNS	All family functions included Amin 's jolly presence .
tr	NNS	Reyes could feel Sweet Dove 's preternatural power , the charge that flowed up both Angelica 's arms so that she screamed in pain .
tr	NNS	Alexis lit the six candles .
tr	NNS	These peaceful whispers tell me a truth I wish very much to believe .
tr	NN	The dumb little bitch had the hots for Quarrel , that much was obvious .
tr	NNS	Several gruesome scenes from the movie The Silence of the Lambs flashed into her head .
tr	NN	The lightning didn 't come anywhere near them . "
tr	NNS	Moses holds out his hand and Maury gives him a glass orb with something in it that looks like a flower but isn 't .
tr	NNS	Cars and trucks buzzed along the road .
tr	NN	The dye won 't adhere to that white lock .
tr	NNS	There were only five seats in that section so Enrico had to sit on an armchair in the lounge .
tr	NN	His lordship might come back at any moment . "
tr	NN	His uncle was , without a doubt , the patriarch of the family .
tr	NN	The new memorial downtown held hope , though , and soothed some of the emptiness and grief of New Yorkers .
tr	NN	Arun the helper could not make things fit .
tr	NNS	Looks like he brought the damned thing inside .
tr	NNS	His cheekbones appeared higher , sharper , and without his glasses , his lashes seemed ridiculously long .
tr	NN	A stab of pleasure curled the edges of Tristan 's lips .
tr	NN	Serenity might radiate from her every pore , yet I knew better ; I sensed her inner turmoil .
tr	NN	A sliver of dark skin not covered by the sheet .
tr	NNS	Besides , regular visits are necessary for her sanity -- shrub overgrowth or no .
tr	NN	A cascade of yellows and golds rushed out from her fingertips , flying along the smooth band .
tr	NNS	The young studs were starting to turn her on .
tr	NN	So the madness had manifested itself .
tr	NNS	" All your lies have finally caught up to you .
tr	NNS	Soldiers like Phillips and the men he had come with rarely disobeyed their orders .
tr	NN	Caroline 's actual expertise was with the laser itself , not with the triggering mechanism .
tr	NNS	What were his motives ?
tr	NNS	Long , stringy strands of hair lifted off her shoulders , spreading out around her like a modern-day Medusa .
tr	NN	The Death of Rats pointed urgently downward .
tr	NN	The gardener blushed , turned away , and carefully placed his scythe against a tree .
tr	NN	A leader makes sacrifices for the good of the many and I 'll sacrifice whomever gets in my way . "
tr	NNS	Drugs , gasses , provocation .
tr	NNS	The nuns had always run the ferry traffic on Summer Island , but it was still a shock to see that nothing had changed .
tr	NN	" Aly " whispered from my mouth .
tr	NN	a depressed Kaylie sulked .
tr	NN	His goal was to seek out the back rooms and find anyone still lingering inside .
tr	NN	" A blacksmith courted me Nine months and better He fairly won my heart Wrote me a letter .
tr	NNS	The streetlights were coming on section by section up and down Candle Street .
tr	NNS	" My lands are my own like they were my father 's before me and his before him . "
tr	NNS	Those green spaces were beautiful to the boy , still terrible but beautiful .
tr	NNS	" Your motives for discussing the destruction of Stonehaven are irrelevant .
tr	NNS	Thick locks of his long hair wove their way around her wrists , binding them together .
tr	NNS	" I have to admit , silly deaths are the only good part of my job .
tr	NNS	No interviews , you got me ? "
tr	NNS	There were empty car seats and discarded lunch pails and book bags , but no kids .
tr	NNS	There were faded drapes , three-quarters open .
tr	NN	There was that dizziness again .
tr	NN	A thud beat loud and hard in my ears .
tr	NNS	The Fey warriors disappeared right in front of Willow .
tr	NN	The deadpan look washes away and she laughs .
tr	NNS	So many species gone or nearly gone from the earth .
tr	NN	" My squad just returned from Dresden .
tr	NN	" Mint chocolate chip for me , " Aidan orders .
tr	NNS	Despite her efforts , dampness clung to her cheeks , and a stray hair caught in the moisture .
tr	NN	The warrior spoke up , " Okay , let 's get ready to make the climb down .
tr	NN	Gypsy was banging on the glass .
tr	NNS	Things like oil and water .
tr	NNS	Four to six T.V. screens dispersed throughout .
tr	NN	His tie was a bit wide for the current style .
tr	NN	The art of the Picts is the common name given to all of this .
tr	NN	The metal tip struck the curtain rod overhead .
tr	NNS	" Things are afoot ! "
tr	NN	The cougar recovered and got up .
tr	NNS	Girls wrote in adoration for Evan : I love him , I want him , marry me .
tr	NN	The pub was all right , did decent beer and we had a few bags of crisps to keep the blues away .
tr	NNS	The other council members agreed with nods or voices .
tr	NNS	The weeds were gone , the rows carefully tended .
tr	NNS	Fairy tales are important for any kid ... and I think we 've both lost sight of that . "
tr	NN	Beyond that today a rivalry of 100,000 hate filled years would come to an end .
tr	NNS	Pain flares afresh , but I use magic to fight it .
tr	NN	As if time , circumstance , and his fatal error in judgment had never happened .
tr	NNS	Even his siblings looked surprised by it .
tr	NN	At the same time , the mainsail boom moved from the port side to the starboard side of the ship .
tr	NN	If so , their predicament was bordering on ridiculous .
tr	NNS	But bits of bark and tinder they 'd collected off the earthen floor worked .
tr	NN	But almost immediately , the business landline had started ringing , and she 'd turned away to answer it .
tr	NN	There was a hunger in him that ignited a heat that spread within her .
tr	NNS	My grandparents and Mom had gone over to Lydia 's for brunch .
tr	NNS	The prints matched some found on the Leviathan .
tr	NN	Both the Jeep and the Impala are distinctive . "
tr	NN	The black robe stood near the wax figure of Katie Sung .
tr	NNS	Browning rows began to appear on the paper ; faintly at first , but then very distinctly .
tr	NN	The shoulder-length mass of her sunshine hair tumbled down , framing her face .
tr	NN	Directly behind the line a snatch squad would wait for the signal for the row of riot police to part , opening a gap in the file .
tr	NN	He wanted to stay in case there was any forensic optimism left behind .
tr	NN	The agony of emotion that had stabbed him when she 'd embraced Matt last night had been anything but funny .
tr	NN	Between the burning tent and the surviving members of the Cirque Du Freak stood a new addition C a hastily constructed gallows .
tr	NNS	There are only the statements of others , who were often his critics .
tr	NN	Universal compulsory education with emphasis on civics produced societies of civility and tolerance and innovation .
tr	NN	A large crash sent a wall of water over the boat and everyone was now saturated and miserable .
tr	NNS	Soft snores and skittering mice were the loudest exceptions to the silence .
tr	NN	Then , a tiny spark within me glimmered just a bit .
tr	NN	" Our success has inspired them . "
tr	NNS	If the gods would fight , then the losses on our side would be less .
tr	NNS	The villagers were in awe , murmuring amongst themselves , unsure of the validity of their words .
tr	NNS	There are always signs .
tr	NN	" There is a misunderstanding , Mr. Flowers , " The ticket agent said mechanically .
tr	NNS	Hands trembling I fed the crane .
tr	NN	The armour was large , chunky , yet looked distinctly fashionable .
tr	NNS	Several members of the High Council have offered their seals to Linus .
tr	NN	A bullet whizzed past his ear , coming from behind .
tr	NN	Despite the banter , the notion of getting past lust and digging deeper made him uncomfortable .
tr	NNS	Words continued to spill from the girl 's lips .
tr	NNS	Angelus had changed everything .
tr	NNS	The mech wolves broke their ranks and formed a swarming pack that filled the street curb to curb .
tr	NNS	For some reason , his actions made my stomach tighten .
tr	NN	" Your mount is ready , Sir Roger !
tr	NNS	Things that don 't look too far out of the ordinary can be some of the most dangerous .
tr	NNS	The pupils , which had been contracted to vicious dots , sprang open .
tr	NNS	After a few seconds the footsteps approached the door to the room in which Jake waited .
tr	NNS	Looks like I 'm back to step one .
tr	NNS	This year , there were no sweets or presents , no party .
tr	NN	A brick landing on your desk does that to you .
tr	NNS	Intermittent gusts swept the sea and went back shaking their hammocks .
tr	NN	But the television appeal hadn 't thrown anything up so far .
tr	NN	And there , at the back of the property , just barely visible , was a cottage where men and women could meet and mate .
tr	NN	" Where is the Healer and her sister ?
tr	NNS	Behind him Stu 's drums began their crescendo .
tr	NNS	Romulus isn 't dead .
tr	NN	The television blared , but the living room was empty .
tr	NN	There was no formality to his question .
tr	NNS	The motion picture studios obviously did not want me .
tr	NNS	Regardless of which spider it is , there are some mysteries to be solved . "
tr	NN	This poor captain 's always the one tasked with trying to get hold of me .
tr	NNS	Things were not working out the way she had planned .
tr	NNS	Suddenly , the images of Kate bullying her in high school came back to her in full force .
tr	NNS	Her headaches probably had more to do with that than anything .
tr	NN	That bitch , she nearly broke my arm .
tr	NN	With an effort , he forced his hunger into submission , felt his fangs retract , the red fade from his eyes .
tr	NNS	What changes are you about to rain down on their heads ? "
tr	NNS	Connect With The Gnomes The garden gnomes would sincerely like to connect with you at our social media outposts .
tr	NN	The beef soup was homemade and full of vegetables and pieces of seasoned meat .
tr	NNS	" My ancestors felt the same exact way , Emma .
tr	NN	There was a muffled clank of metal .
tr	NNS	Henrietta could see several fingers suddenly curl around it , long fingernails tapping against the metal as they did .
tr	NN	The chocolate pudding and graham cracker crust blended beautifully with the creamy vanilla ice cream .
tr	NN	The crash that occurred a couple of hours into the shift was all but inevitable .
tr	NN	" Savannah 's career demanded she appear - how should I put this ?
tr	NN	" They can be your most fervent allies in your missions to save souls , " finished the priest .
tr	NN	That whispering was no more than the hum of my own pulse .
tr	NNS	The costumes were too small and they had to keep all the other kids in line on stage .
tr	NN	The government buried her in Arlington cemetery with full honor .
tr	NNS	Animals are getting into it . "
tr	NN	' Prophet 's in some of the comics already . '
tr	NN	The coven was still living here most of the time .
tr	NN	The tip of her shoe caught on something small and pushed it under the couch .
tr	NN	An altar dominated the narrow neck .
tr	NN	" There 's an earthenware jar on the shelf just above the barrel .
tr	NN	My concentration wasn 't exactly on .
tr	NNS	Before he can finish speaking , the freaks suddenly begin rushing out of their secret cubby holes and rooms .
tr	NN	Twenty years back , when I joined my father in this business , profit was as unpredictable as monsoon but my father would sleep well .
tr	NNS	" And cats might grow wings and fly . "
tr	NNS	Just opposite and to his right , the cliffs rose , blotting out the view of the ocean and its winds , as they extended further north .
tr	NNS	Looks like he 's been living in a filing cabinet for a few years . "
tr	NNS	My eyelids felt heavy with the strangest sort of bliss , yet I refused to close them .
tr	NN	As the air filled with the Nomad 's cries of victory , the lightning suddenly stopped , the wind ceased and the ground was still .
tr	NN	The sheriff is thinking about it .
tr	NN	" Olivia , " the former senator brightened at the sound of her voice .
tr	NNS	No metal spikes shot out and towards the witch , but still the light of the spell and the symbol below her travelled up and around Henrietta .
tr	NNS	Several servants tending the horses stared at me .
tr	NNS	Their scarce supplies allowed one cart to be used for the gold , which was then covered by extra blankets .
tr	NN	The software in the device performed the magical exchange .
tr	NN	Wasn 't that proof that the Templars sought a united Holy Land ?
tr	NNS	Angelus reached for the page , shoving me in one direction while pulling my arm in another .
tr	NNS	The media had been inside the club .
tr	NNS	" The teachers here are excellent .
tr	NN	Now that she 'd reduced her work hours , her daughter-in-law had time to lavish on meals to please her husband .
tr	NN	A faint distaste colored Archer 's words .
tr	NNS	Neon signs announced their presence .
tr	NN	A sick , helpless dread washed over me and vomit rose in my throat .
tr	NN	" What is our long term political goal ? "
tr	NN	The ritual is just a week away now .
tr	NNS	Myles had already finished his omelet and pushed away his plate .
tr	NNS	Thick strands of viscous material were still oozing outward from the break and it was that , perhaps , which had triggered the arrival of the antibodies .
tr	NNS	All math classes are in the B wing .
tr	NNS	The bars of iron fell into place inside .
tr	NN	She looked at their faces , saw the hatred in their eyes .
tr	NN	The policeman was inside , waiting for me , and he was furious .
tr	NN	Hank grinned , replied succinctly , " In a pinch , right .
tr	NNS	Bottles and boxes lay in the aisles .
tr	NNS	Finally her eyelids flickered open and she squinted against the light .
tr	NNS	The next day , the whole media came in support of that reporter .
tr	NNS	Racing newspapers lay everywhere , as did books on all things equine .
tr	NNS	These collaged newspaper scraps are sort of the table top , or they might be the shadows of the objects . "
tr	NNS	Troop movements during the final days of World War I contributed to the influenza 's rapid spread .
tr	NNS	The rumours are already rife .
tr	NN	Because , for Eric and his crew , the beating is the payment .
tr	NNS	The mages , the vampires , even the jaguars never knew your true identity .
tr	NNS	Her actions from that point became as spontaneous as they were uncharacteristic .
tr	NN	Suddenly , a lightning flashed .
tr	NN	A fellow with a dazed look on his face and with his clothes hanging from his body in smoking tatters came staggering out through the smoke .
tr	NN	" There 's a tube embedded in that rock there . "
tr	NNS	These lands have broken apart into their own continents due to a war which separated them with an influx of magic and electricity .
tr	NNS	" The duchess is this way .
tr	NN	About this last fact , the mayor seemed duly impressed .
tr	NNS	The leukemia cells were infecting her blood again .
tr	NNS	Malaria symptoms , she believed , took about a week to show themselves .
tr	NNS	" Now my nurses are all huffy .
tr	NNS	The possibilities were numerous , every one of them driving into his gut like an iron stake .
tr	NNS	A few more shots rang out , and bullets whizzed by Bates as his men opened fire .
tr	NNS	The door slams shut , shaking the house and creating a small dust storm about the door .
tr	NN	The illusion was so strong she stared in horror before she realized it was illusion .
tr	NN	" If I can 't persuade you , she can , " hissed the Serpent behind her .
tr	NN	A premonition was happening .
tr	NN	His weariness was growing but his will hardened all the more .
tr	NN	The sheriff waved his hand and the crane operator gently set the truck down .
tr	NNS	" There 're a few bare facts .
tr	NN	The majority of the male archeologists preferred the digging , and the girls in the group didn 't want to be treated like girls and went along .
tr	NNS	Others stared in dazed wonder , as if they 'd dreamed my arrival .
tr	NN	" So what 's with the T-shirt , angel face ? "
tr	NN	A tremor washed through her as she stepped from the partition and approached the table , where Adriane was waiting to help her up .
tr	NNS	Though often sleeping late , like my mother , the other prostitutes in our district would wake up before too long -- needing water and food .
tr	NNS	And to the trio of Breed warriors who had long ago become more than simply comrades .
tr	NNS	Others sometimes became careless and left forensic clues that the police found but kept to themselves for fear of panicking the public .
tr	NNS	The heavy blue drapes were the same , although faded , and the lighter blue shag carpeting looked terribly dated now .
tr	NNS	Moses turned around to face his sister as he asked her quite earnestly " What does he say ? "
tr	NNS	Gorgeous wasn 't enough to describe him .
tr	NN	The redhead whispered that now the fight was no longer a regular match , with the contestant left standing after five minutes declared the winner .
tr	NNS	His thrusts were faster and harder now .
tr	NN	" You drop any of that on my carpet and you 're going into the dining room , " her grandmother scolded Chris .
tr	NN	That development was ... beyond worrisome .
tr	NNS	Muscles rippled under her fingertips as she caressed down his back and grasped his rock-hard ass , trying desperately to urge him closer to her throbbing pussy .
tr	NNS	Just then , there was two solid thumps at the front door of the cottage , shaking the entire view .
tr	NN	Not once did the fiend try and approach her again - even though murder gleamed in those beady eyes .
tr	NNS	The entire downstairs of the house was full of people talking and moving around .
tr	NN	" The sushi was good ; it just wasn 't ... " Annie stood up and stretched .
tr	NNS	The pools of sweat formed on her abdomen and the small of her back .
tr	NNS	The blades slid back and forth , clearing her view of the driveway and the house .
tr	NN	What was her other option ?
tr	NN	The tip of Amara 's blade barely sank in , not even to the full width of the sword .
tr	NNS	The nurses seem to think these wardens being here might embarrass me , but I 'm not at all .
tr	NN	The concept of soul mates is kind of cheesy when said aloud , but there 's no other word for the bond that exists between them . "
tr	NN	In these lands there was little government , and therefore even less peace .
tr	NNS	There were no English newspapers on the cruise ship , and Rosie did not miss them .
tr	NNS	There were at least fifty paintings on the walls , with small plaques bearing the title , artist 's name , and price .
tr	NN	The Jeep bounced over ruts and pits .
tr	NNS	Others are fine . "
tr	NN	The butcher spoke up .
tr	NNS	After a few minutes the werewolves fell to the ground on all fours like a dog and disappeared into the darkness .
tr	NN	There was a blue carpet on the ice , television cameras , media lights , a long table with several microphones .
tr	NNS	Things like getting shot didn 't happen in situations like that .
tr	NN	Underneath the other smells came the unmistakable odor of sewage , not unlike that of the Thames during a hot summer .
tr	NNS	Soldiers were crowding into the room and I heard the rasp of a sword being drawn .
tr	NN	Even the castle let Claire down .
tr	NN	The harsh weave scratched his skin , and he breathed in the smells , identifying them in his mind .
tr	NNS	Sirens filled the air , and the operative moved quickly toward her car , ready to grab her camera .
tr	NN	At least , however , the rental was hers alone .
tr	NNS	Just some idiots jealous of me being married to the hottest human around . "
tr	NN	This undertaking was of the highest risk .
tr	NNS	The beast 's jaws crunched into the bird 's frail bones and his hot spittle sprayed across my face .
tr	NN	The dwarf cried and bounced a little twisting in his bracelets .
tr	NN	The psychological damage visited upon families of incest and abuse runs deep and can often be permanently debilitating .
tr	NNS	Flames engulfed the upper level and black smoke billowed from broken windows and the rooftop .
tr	NN	The van lost traction for a moment , its tires spinning .
tr	NN	And in the center of his reference table , the ever-present remnant of his contract consulting days , his trusty leather attaché case stood open and ready .
tr	NN	Their audience shifted uncomfortably and Cade 's smile faded .
tr	NNS	The other competitors faded away into shadows and sunlight .
tr	NNS	Classic signs of equine colic , though with a bit of luck , he didn 't think it would require surgery .
tr	NN	The captain spoke , but I could not remember a word he said .
tr	NNS	The anatomy posters and charts would be the only witnesses to whatever salt he was about to pour in my wound .
tr	NNS	No worries , see ?
tr	NNS	Flames licked up the walls and smoke billowed from several places along the floor .
tr	NNS	In Los Angeles there are restaurants that served Mexican food , and Mexican restaurants .
tr	NNS	Cassius went rushing past me moving with the momentum of his powerful swing .
tr	NNS	More strands of energy grew from his skin and extended toward Haven and burrowed into her body .
tr	NN	' Good , ' Love said .
tr	NNS	" Such ruthlessness can be a great asset when it is wielded for one 's own side .
tr	NN	The van circled the parking lot , and she felt them descend the ramp into the parking structure .
tr	NNS	" What were his priorities ? "
tr	NN	The redhead left in a hurry , anticipating scolding commentary for her lack of discipline .
tr	NN	The popularity of the Convention soars throughout the country .
tr	NNS	The last experiments weren 't very successful , but you seem to be doing well . "
tr	NNS	Werewolves don 't have honor .
tr	NNS	His fingernails raked along a line of mortar between two stones just as a dark , tarnished blade was plunged into his back .
tr	NNS	After the shock had sunk in , the cousins sat down to lunch .
tr	NN	There was a big poster for an upcoming school play , A Midsummer Night 's Dream .
tr	NNS	There were many other blasts , too many to count .
tr	NNS	Alexis covered her eyes with her arm .
tr	NN	The privilege of his clientele often extended to their deaths .
tr	NN	The whistle was far off , but closer than before .
tr	NN	There was no pardon . "
tr	NN	And nausea , " said Maurice .
tr	NNS	Even heard we had the body of Jimmy Hoffa and the Roswell aliens in here .
tr	NN	There was a flutter of movement outside ; Jimmy had been standing outside the door .
tr	NNS	Moses had a big grin on his face .
tr	NN	What more appropriate reward was there than to feel five years younger and momentarily free from all the emotional baggage she 'd been carrying ?
tr	NN	The ongoing description of the river 's history echoed across the area as the tour guide recited the memorized speech through his bullhorn .
tr	NNS	Its talons scored the wolf 's flank , drawing blood as black as the hide before the hawk soared up again .
tr	NNS	" Little pigs , little pigs , let me come in . "
tr	NN	The captain had recovered from his wound well enough to call another war council .
tr	NNS	Things that people don 't want to be told are true but are true , are often referred to as sad truths .
tr	NNS	All the tales were clear on that .
tr	NNS	Her graceful movements reminded him of a cat .
tr	NNS	" Mexican sources , unlike Custer 's Indians , kept diaries .
tr	NN	The dragon 's tail wrapped around her waist , lifting her off the ground .
tr	NN	Poison walks out of the shot , and all that 's left is an empty metal chair .
tr	NN	" That 's it -- I want these anomalies closed now , " the captain said .
tr	NNS	Things in it suggest the boy might have been a runaway .
tr	NN	Oh , that stir over the suspicious undertaking was in no way accidental ... Chapter 12 .
tr	NNS	Just get me out of here , leave me some supplies , let me be .
tr	NNS	Images of Make Way for the Artists flash through my mind .
tr	NNS	" The floors are heat and weight sensitive ; they logged you into the database the moment you stepped upon them .
tr	NN	Every new discovery about her only fueled the flames .
tr	NNS	Things started innocently enough .
tr	NNS	What are the possibilities ? "
tr	NNS	All those digits gone .
tr	NNS	Things went still for a moment .
tr	NN	" My coven will track where I am ... and I 'd rather not see them tonight . "
tr	NN	There was a full page where Barker had written about Grace .
tr	NNS	Their companions laughed , but they applauded and nodded .
tr	NNS	Rats do this crazy thing called boggling where their eyeballs begin to pulse in and out of the socket .
tr	NN	Silver pipe , shower head .
tr	NN	Even in this world , the sharks ' instinct for blood proved to be too much , and their focus shifted from Terry to their fallen comrade .
tr	NNS	The roads weren 't getting better , and I wondered if the Red would be just as dead as Skin Deep .
tr	NN	The purge , my shoulder wound , overall exhaustion and the blood transfer had sapped me of most of my energy .
tr	NNS	Things have been moving pretty quickly with us .
tr	NN	The dessert disappeared in moments and the coffee was excellent .
tr	NN	the jungle fighter 's way .
tr	NNS	There were no visible signs of struggles on her , other than the fact that she was tired and he bet , hungry as well .
tr	NNS	Things had been okay for the first year or so , but then he 'd become increasingly paranoid about her work .
tr	NN	But if he touched her the mysterious veil between them would break .
tr	NNS	His eyelids were opening .
tr	NNS	Images of her brought a smile to his face .
tr	NN	Yet here , the chef offered to prepare something special in the event they didn 't find what they desired on the menu .
tr	NNS	Lights bolted to the jagged ceiling dimly lit the area .
tr	NNS	The dampness rose and spilled over .
tr	NNS	Luckily , his abilities had translated into a larger apartment , more food rations , and a better clothing allowance .
tr	NNS	( Just a few ideas to get you started . )
tr	NN	The outline made her swallow past the lump in her throat .
tr	NNS	The vibrant colours were fading .
tr	NN	A siren breaks the silence , a whirring , whining wail .
tr	NN	Lulu 's giggle floats on the air .
tr	NN	" The ranch can 't afford this kind of loss ! "
tr	NNS	" Our clients come to us for music and conversation , beauty and laughter and wit .
tr	NN	Part of me feared this Stargazer ; the other part desperately wanted to see him ... or her .
tr	NNS	Since the door was made for décor more than strength , chances were it wasn 't going to last long before the solid gold hinges broke off .
tr	NN	There was a pattern on the chair but Grace couldn 't see if fully .
tr	NNS	There are constant patrols on the roadways and canals , and you can hardly spend a day traveling without running into a village or plantation .
tr	NN	Cassidy 's eyes screwed shut , and Miguel grunted and dropped her .
tr	NNS	Our directions had been to proceed to the stream and then continue left , going upstream for another three hundred yards .
tr	NNS	He banks hard to the right and applies full throttle .
tr	NNS	A few pills rattled inside .
tr	NNS	With one leap , the two cats were at the full bowl that he placed on the floor .
tr	NNS	' What are your ideas ?
tr	NNS	Things like that , I mean , local true crime , you don 't like to think about it .
tr	NNS	The Lying Game members paused , looking a little caught off guard .
tr	NN	The private aircraft terminal looked worse .
tr	NN	The angel sighs as if both disappointed and wryly amused .
tr	NN	I follow her , the wool blanket that she can 't seem to part with tucked under my arm .
tr	NN	The assistance you 've given us so far has been invaluable , but we require no more from you . "
tr	NNS	Hands seized the rope and pulled it .
tr	NN	Where the scar is .
tr	NNS	Forcing specifics on her won 't help .
tr	NNS	Soon her squeals of delight mingled with theirs .
tr	NN	The goblin turned and waddled out of the tent .
tr	NNS	Like sorcerers , shifters had the gift of prophecy .
tr	NNS	Most dimensions exist only because of the unique way Earth spins on its axis .
tr	NNS	But my two companions looked as though they weren 't even listening .
tr	NN	Bastian 's eyes sparkle with joy and his scars seem to fade into the light .
tr	NNS	When they pulled up to Evergreen Square , the closest shopping plaza to their house , the emptiness got louder .
tr	NNS	Approaching sirens began to wail in the distance .
tr	NNS	As Gabriel says this , their images flash through my mind and he nods , probably seeing them as well .
tr	NNS	Aged fans turned slowly moving stale air .
tr	NNS	Otherwise there are no signs of life .
tr	NNS	His tickets were for regular seats fifty rows back .
tr	NN	Part of her itched to simply throw him in a dungeon .
tr	NNS	The hotels I own with my father are Heston International Hotels .
tr	NNS	The ogres now looked like figurines that a child might play with .
tr	NN	The old throw rug was missing , but I didn 't care .
tr	NN	" No more than a few a week , " the fellow replied .
tr	NNS	Their frantic efforts to get to Joe were no less energetic than they were when Ted had been on top of the bus .
tr	NN	The Assembly looked taken aback .
tr	NNS	Records and data banks seized .
tr	NN	The clearing seemed much more exposed , with the leaves gone and the cave yawning black behind the half circle of stones .
tr	NNS	She dashes down the stairs , flings open the steel door of the basement and jumps over the last steps .
tr	NNS	Reyes glanced at the long chandelier made of swords .
tr	NNS	Teague bit back an oath before storming out of the room , his footsteps pounding all the way down the hall .
tr	NN	" So why did Chance leave ? "
tr	NN	A cold acknowledgment frosted up my insides .
tr	NNS	The letters were always there .
tr	NNS	" My boobs are too big .
tr	NNS	The travelers set up camp about half hour out of the pueblo where neither they nor their animals would be cramped or crowded .
tr	NNS	Others are having a picnic .
tr	NN	The whistle blew , and the second half started .
tr	NN	By luck , the thief ran in Ezio 's direction , snaking his way through the mob with extraordinary agility .
tr	NN	What an idiot the landlord must have been !
tr	NNS	Looks can be deceiving , like yours . "
tr	NNS	The drops from her pale yellow jumper quickly formed a puddle at her feet .
tr	NNS	Their siblings were the last two people on earth that should have ended up blissfully happy together .
tr	NNS	The jewels in her eyes sparkled .
tr	NN	The committee had not found anything obviously dangerous in what they taught , and so they had not pursued the group further .
tr	NN	Terror coursed through his body , overtaking the dullness he had managed to shroud himself with .
tr	NNS	- but there 's a lady downstairs asking to speak with you .
tr	NNS	The wall paintings rose to heaven .
tr	NNS	Eventually her sobs quieted into little hiccups and Cole urged her from the crook of his neck that she 'd claimed as her own .
tr	NNS	Suddenly , our attempts at trying to make light of our misfortune lost their charm .
tr	NNS	" Well you should have written them in your favourite music list on your S.N. profile , tickets went to everyone who did that . "
tr	NNS	Several teachers came running in to see what the commotion was all about .
tr	NN	The goddess stopped and looked at me .
tr	NN	Love on the level of the Creator of Life had to be a step above that at least .
tr	NN	" Our foe is mighty but not invulnerable .
tr	NNS	The stores were indescribably beautiful .
tr	NN	The Last Battle would be a test unlike any her people had ever known .
tr	NN	The thief laughed and looked down .
tr	NNS	Hannah 's paintings would have been better .
tr	NNS	Using various devices and tools the technicians coat a layer of a black sticky substance onto each talon and smooth it into place .
tr	NN	Our prophecy tells us of the arrival of a beast , and a period of great destruction , unless we act quickly .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids fluttered closed and she tightened her arms around his neck more securely .
tr	NNS	Flames now filled every window of the Palace and rose higher on the tower .
tr	NNS	Others were fresh and pink , and those were the ones that were creating the illusion of the walls moving .
tr	NNS	The waterlogged boards sagged under his weight .
tr	NN	Isn 't surgery risky ? "
tr	NNS	The only creatures here are the ones we 've brought in .
tr	NNS	The villagers died and his buddies cried out as the timbers crushed them .
tr	NN	Her network of informants is ... impressive .
tr	NNS	Parts of the tumor had spread to areas deep within her brain and other parts were intertwined with areas of the brain that performed vital functions .
tr	NN	My daddy is mayor of Left Village .
tr	NN	The principal spoke last .
tr	NNS	My nostrils flared as I watched them .
tr	NN	" How is your brother faring ? "
tr	NN	Why let a shitty predicament kill that before it even gets started ? "
tr	NNS	Flames suddenly soared from the horse , and she backed away .
tr	NNS	Small gold hoops dangled from each ear , and Mike caught the slightest trace of perfume .
tr	NN	" And the second witness , the one at the country store near the cabin .
tr	NNS	The donor lists don 't work that way .
tr	NNS	For a moment colors seemed to burst around him .
tr	NN	A tapestry hung on the far wall , the words Perfect Love Casts Out Fear scripted in Greek in the center .
tr	NNS	The crew members each stepped forward to offer well-wishes .
tr	NN	Reality slammed back over Devon , crashing down with fierce brutality .
tr	NN	" I personal y think the gods did it just to piss us off . "
tr	NNS	Lots and lots of sprinkles , thought Sara .
tr	NN	KT began to look the heavy truck over " we need weapons of any type , this transport will do " .
tr	NN	You should have stayed with us , but instead you got curious and opened the Dungeon door , Poison said .
tr	NN	The commander took the glass panel from her and read out loud . "
tr	NNS	And , as I said , my efforts had actually been working .
tr	NN	Joey 's aura did that flickering thing when he saw her and I wondered what was going through his head .
tr	NNS	The winds rushed through the trees , twisting branches , making them writhe like the arms of monsters searching for prey .
tr	NNS	The twins ran out of the house screaming , " Momma , momma , we missed you , " at the top of their lungs .
tr	NNS	Doomed emotional scenes , resulting in missed opportunities and personal sadness to be taken away by the characters and brooded over .
tr	NN	For the last year his grandma had been slipping in and out of reality .
tr	NN	This core became solid when not in motion .
tr	NN	In his time in Iraq , the nightmare scenario was a sniper 's bullet or an IED .
tr	NNS	His eyes are like black pools , the pupils dilated so that the blue irises have all but vanished .
tr	NN	A courageous act . "
tr	NNS	" There were no witnesses .
tr	NN	" Okay , we ' l think about it as we go . "
tr	NNS	The chains nearly crushed his wrists as they took the brunt of his weight .
tr	NNS	Things were going so well .
tr	NN	This sexual ease wasn 't something I 'd picked up , and Dorian knew it .
tr	NN	" By kil ing the odd vampire or two . "
tr	NN	" Did your attorney put you up to this ? "
tr	NN	My own teacher hates me .
tr	NNS	And the hills of our children need their hag .
tr	NN	A sickening gush of warm air surrounded them .
tr	NNS	Proud cheekbones and a high arched brow frame eyes too obscured to make out a color .
tr	NNS	Her brother Nicodemus laughed and held both of his arms out to his sides .
tr	NN	At this rate the ferry would pass in front of it , not coming any closer than a hundred yards !
tr	NNS	There were signs of his body still alive but what was occurring in the brain seemed evil .
tr	NNS	Rufus had already paid for the beans .
tr	NN	But there was a resolve in them .
tr	NN	Filbert 's brief but eloquent description of a painfully thin Alexandra staring at his portrait at Hawthorne made his heart wrench .
tr	NNS	" Two steak dinners , make mine rare , his is ? "
tr	NN	Then there was the additional complication of the two hit men , and trying to figure out what they were up to .
tr	NNS	The constant lies to her friends and family was killing her .
tr	NNS	Soldiers are preparing with armor and weapons .
tr	NN	The psychiatrist stiffened in surprise .
tr	NN	the cafeteria as tears fil her eyes .
tr	NN	The shield blew out of the frame , and smashed on the deck below .
tr	NN	Careful , Jazz thought , wishing she was telepathic .
tr	NN	Dirt and mud caked my hair , too .
tr	NN	One coin in our lives is enough . "
tr	NNS	There were several members of the World Auto team scribbling hastily on the large sheets of paper , which were plastered around the room .
tr	NNS	Some sweat drops were appearing on her forehead and she wasn 't able to remain calm .
tr	NNS	The other ghosts are those of a seventeen-year-old girl who drowned , again under mysterious circumstances , when visiting for a weekend dance in 1929 .
tr	NN	The sage does not mask the reek of illness and brackish water .
tr	NN	Our escort moves to the next opening in the corridor and waits for us to examine the room .
tr	NN	That cow in the sky happens to be Skyla 's mother .
tr	NN	Every nerve in his body screamed for her .
tr	NNS	The possibilities and mysteries of it are endless . "
tr	NN	To Roman 's surprise Serena began to sob .
tr	NN	" Her momma 's .
tr	NN	The concept used in this book is that there may be a hive of bees , and they are like the cells in the body .
tr	NN	The difficulty of trying to form The 7 is that without a Keeper , the 4th is too hard to find .
tr	NNS	Two spheres hit the swinging door and pushed it open slowly , their orange strips of light glowing brightly as their tiny engines struggled with exertion .
tr	NNS	The three leaders nod their heads .
tr	NN	The smug bastard was trying to be clever , but all he really wanted to know was my progress .
tr	NNS	Aris kissed the top of Alex 's head , put his finger below his chin , bringing his gaze up to his .
tr	NN	Her thong literally sizzled when Gray was anywhere in the vicinity .
tr	NNS	Hopefully the consequences would not be as severe .
tr	NNS	" Questions both better left unanswered . "
tr	NN	A growl built in his throat .
tr	NN	That trick won 't work again . "
tr	NNS	Eventually the programs were gigantic , millions of lines of code , and they began to fail out of sheer complexity .
tr	NNS	Cars were merging in and out of lanes around them .
tr	NN	The lightning was too much and she was so tired she crawled back into bed .
tr	NN	At one and a half years old , her vocabulary isn 't immense .
tr	NN	" The specimen went on sale today ? "
tr	NN	There was an added benefit !
tr	NN	Memory tore through her .
tr	NNS	Immortals as ancient as we were didn 't bruise or cut without considerable force .
tr	NNS	Girls don 't wait forever . "
tr	NNS	And -- MW got the distinct impression -- the demands appeared to suggest that he didn 't trust his passenger !
tr	NNS	There weren 't any murmurs then .
tr	NNS	The cameras begin rolling and Chase says , " This is Chase Jordan , WBC News .
tr	NNS	" So the facts were overwhelming , as far as you were concerned ? "
tr	NN	This time Sal gave it to him without protest .
tr	NN	Once we have more information , then we can plan a course of action , " the principal said cheerfully , dispelling the gloom .
tr	NNS	He reached out , gently grasped the handle of the drawer and slip it open , bathing the contents in moonlight .
tr	NN	The sacrifice of the nickname simply underlined the severity of the situation .
tr	NNS	The coyotes started to snarl .
tr	NN	Suddenly , football had my attention in a way it never had before .
tr	NNS	There are legends of the falls that go back thousands of years .
tr	NN	There was a rustle of fabric as Magnus settled himself down next to Alec at the edge of the roof .
tr	NN	When the grandchildren started coming , the Keep was a volatile brewing pot of emotions and hormones .
tr	NNS	Then finally his footsteps sounded again , closer this time , before he came to stand just behind her .
tr	NNS	His instincts warned him to put as much distance as possible between him and these men .
tr	NN	Emmie glanced over , a sheepish look making her look adorable under her pixie cut .
tr	NN	The adrenaline that was coursing through my veins might have had something to do with that feeling .
tr	NN	" Of course not , the contract I signed was business .
tr	NNS	There are trials enough without that .
tr	NN	There was no loyalty .
tr	NN	A castle of webs , set amidst a cluster of extra thick strands .
tr	NN	" We could have a reader bring the book from the city collection , " the priest said , stepping forward smoothly .
tr	NN	By the time I 'm in the same square as the tower , a cold sheen of sweat has broken out on my brow .
tr	NNS	said the countess , " so it my ancestor ! "
tr	NNS	The blades stirred the grasses , revealing the glint of dead steel below .
tr	NN	His angel would transport him to heaven .
tr	NN	And the priest was good looking and in shape .
tr	NNS	The stakes have gone up .
tr	NNS	There were no other witnesses except them , and Tommy was in a coma . "
tr	NN	The majority of the emails were clothing stores asking for her business , and articles from the newspapers that she followed .
tr	NN	" The way I figure it , the majority of your teammates would much rather be off doing something else than hanging out after school .
tr	NN	Part of her dreaded it .
tr	NNS	There was quite a few twitchy characters at my interview .
tr	NNS	The sunglasses , and the strain in her voice , provided the only clues that today wasn 't a day like any other .
tr	NN	There was always an explanation .
tr	NN	I ' l make sure of it . "
tr	NN	" Actual y , they 're on top of your head , luv . "
tr	NN	The kindness of her face was unmistakable .
tr	NN	' The piper doesn 't accept challenges from - ' the old man on the cart began , but the rat piper waved him into silence .
tr	NNS	The footsteps were getting closer .
tr	NNS	The figures removed their masks and began celebrating their victory , groping and kissing one another ferociously .
tr	NNS	His surroundings warped and vibrated .
tr	NNS	If so , the two nearby villages would be the first places any search party would visit .
tr	NNS	The sensual dampness dazed him , almost overwhelming him with a sense of anticipation .
tr	NNS	" No , the signs were useful .
tr	NNS	His defenses were impenetrable .
tr	NNS	Canute 's hackles rose and he arched his back like a Halloween cat .
tr	NNS	" What did the tests say on you ? "
tr	NNS	Flames cast high into the darkness .
tr	NN	A single lamp hanged in the middle of the ceiling .
tr	NN	Modern art challenges the audience 's expectations .
tr	NNS	Questions shot through her as she fingered the envelope .
tr	NN	Around his throat was the gleam of a polished , metallic collar .
tr	NNS	The Garnier siblings should have had ample time to reach an agreement .
tr	NN	Part of me thinks I should be with her on this crazy chase she 's on , but I know I 'm not fit for it .
tr	NNS	Testosterone levels vary from man to man .
tr	NN	Though that was probably a pointless question .
tr	NN	What message does your master bring , Mr. Stephen ? "
tr	NNS	Green letters were flashing on the screen .
tr	NNS	His rough whispers in her ear only heightened her senses and nerve endings and increased her need of him .
tr	NNS	Others were of figures rising , as if they were just waking from a dream .
tr	NN	The dumpster represents death . "
tr	NNS	Girls always got that look on their faces when they thought someone was cute .
tr	NN	' My vanity has made a cosmetic surgeon very happy . '
tr	NNS	7 HE DIDN 'T CHECK his phone until he was on his way down the stairs .
tr	NN	A rap on the door led him away from admiring his own view .
tr	NN	Each faction lived on either side of the river and the Riverside Sector was on the north side .
tr	NNS	Silken strands of his hair stroked over her hypersensitive skin .
tr	NNS	" Things like that don 't just happen , Reece .
tr	NN	Her hair was everywhere , brushing over both of them , the silken strands unbearably erotic on their sensitized skin .
tr	NN	There was a distress beacon , but it couldn 't be activated until they were over the border anyway .
tr	NNS	Upstairs there were no footsteps .
tr	NNS	From this stream emerged two figures , gliding through the door and smiling towards him .
tr	NN	" My partner here knew of him as well -- I 've never had the pleasure of running into him . "
tr	NNS	Now the reeds whipped at my jeans and dandelions carpeted the grass .
tr	NN	His secretary , whose name he had never bothered to learn , jerked to a halt .
tr	NNS	The Others ate them too .
tr	NNS	But not too blurry to notice her pupils dilated before she blinked .
tr	NNS	Incredible possibilities fluttered out there , agitating her mind .
tr	NNS	With urban crime , factors unknown on the battlefield kick in fast .
tr	NN	History is what makes us stronger , keeps us grounded . "
tr	NNS	" There were two versions of every question .
tr	NNS	Seamus is like a head injury .
tr	NN	Even though her fragrance still lingered on the pillow beside his own .
tr	NNS	Marius didn 't answer right away .
tr	NN	The factory was the way it had been when he 'd first seen it .
tr	NN	As angry as she was , any thug would steer clear .
tr	NNS	And if she went with Wade back to the outside world , authorities could make the connection between her and her brother .
tr	NNS	The more " ancient " creatures were often a massive twelve feet in height , with stocky , powerful bodies .
tr	NNS	Roughly a dozen necklaces and pendants hung around her neck , and she held a coffee cup in her right hand .
tr	NN	" No offense , but when was the last time you even spoke to Logan , " I asked , knowing I was being kind of rude .
tr	NN	On Bond 's emphatic oath , the firing stopped abruptly and silence sang in the room .
tr	NN	Ancient language , as old as time , flooded the chamber .
tr	NN	There was no other explanation .
tr	NN	The trailer rocked and squeaked as someone approached .
tr	NN	The database was the only " cooperative endeavor " the major World Packs did together .
tr	NN	The helper , now done with his prayer , stooped to collect his amulets and trinkets , which he placed in his shoulder pouch .
tr	NN	My uncle took mother in and sent me off to school . "
tr	NNS	" How well do the swarms see ? "
tr	NNS	The monitors beeped steadily , the comatose girl never moving , never twitching .
tr	NN	The troll blinked a couple of times , shrugged , and grew .
tr	NN	Your equipment fails and that on you .
tr	NN	There was sympathy in Casper 's eyes as he regarded Anthony .
tr	NN	The poor snake was limp ; I thought he 'd fainted , too .
tr	NNS	Things have been quite cool of late , not too many problems with the ruddy Bugs .
tr	NNS	The bars blend to become the same solid wall as the floor and ceiling .
tr	NN	Storm has quite the collection . "
tr	NNS	My sobs that I tried to hide shattered my voice .
tr	NN	The infection rippled through the mob in a flash of blood and flailing limbs like some sort of perverse Mexican wave .
tr	NNS	The sources have also indicated that the Coalition forces have been creating teams of specially trained soldiers to capture tigers for the island .
tr	NNS	These tunnels are unaffected .
tr	NN	Obviously her personality had not changed as much as her hair .
tr	NNS	On either side of the lake , over a hundred hotels and gardens served the globe as one of the finest collection of resorts in the world .
tr	NNS	The dampness magnified the chill .
tr	NNS	As they noticed the presence of the Council members , their expressions were that of surprise .
tr	NN	The liquid trembles inside it , almost spilling over the lip .
tr	NNS	My instincts were still right about one thing .
tr	NNS	The silver chains around her wrists , ankles , and neck stopped her from doing anything .
tr	NNS	Two horns grew , much like the Hellion 's horns , but Zayne 's were black as night and beautiful in an odd way .
tr	NN	A silver dart stuck up out of the fur and Selena could see teeth marks around it from his efforts at prying it loose .
tr	NN	Their stench mingled with the smell of death .
tr	NNS	In horrified silence the other passengers watched one of the man 's gloved hands drop off and walk around on the seat .
tr	NN	A pulse of power spilled into her , an offering from Cain .
tr	NNS	The ferns and moss are lime green with new growth .
tr	NN	A television show she loved like no other .
tr	NN	The squad went to the entrance of the hall .
tr	NN	A fresh torrent of rage surged through him .
tr	NNS	The blank emptiness of my life before before Jacob brought some semblance of reason back into it reared up and confronted me .
tr	NNS	Foreign governments are helping , to some extent .
tr	NN	Love pushed his chair out from behind him and stood up .
tr	NNS	Other couples started to arrive , and the photographer came forward to snap their pictures .
tr	NN	The script need not be followed exactly however the speeches should feel almost too long and discuss the subjects of meat and manhood .
tr	NN	" Aw , can the flattery .
tr	NN	The sweet yellow pear was almost too ripe ; it gushed juice when she bit into it .
tr	NNS	The tightness in her chest eased .
tr	NN	" Aw , don 't look so glum , Ms. Blanco .
tr	NNS	Watching Julia walk and clamber , wolves had slipped Renzo 's mind .
tr	NN	" It is the law , " said Arun the helper .
tr	NNS	" Where the hell are the underground facilities ? "
tr	NNS	Several spots missing paint covered the metal body .
tr	NNS	My sneakers crunched over gravel and tiny broken branches as I headed toward the steps .
tr	NNS	So far , his efforts have met with failure , leading Desjardins to a state of frustration and aggravation that concerns me .
tr	NNS	Reyes was no longer in bed .
tr	NN	" Your uncle did train you to continue his work . "
tr	NNS	I see it there and here and there and here ... , " stumbles forwards , sniggering .
tr	NNS	" Things would be so much different now if I hadn 't . "
tr	NN	Sweet Dove in turn seemed to have gotten over her rage that Reyes had escaped her shackles and would never be returning to her as her slave .
tr	NNS	Heavy footsteps outside his cabin combined with shouted exchanges on deck had him rolling out of bed and tugging on his boots .
tr	NNS	The creatures were not stupid , but they were very superstitious .
tr	NNS	My subsequent visits were like the return of the prodigal son .
tr	NN	" Gaston , that sweater alone probably cost more than my rent .
tr	NNS	The members finished with their showers , changed into their street clothes , and said good-bye to Lea .
tr	NN	They real y had nothing to talk about .
tr	NN	My grandmother hadn 't said anything , nothing that stuck out in my memory anyway .
tr	NNS	Social Security payments alone will collapse .
tr	NNS	The conflict dragged on and on , and due to the size of both our empires , billions died in the process .
tr	NNS	Sadness darkened his eyes and it made her heart ache for his grief .
tr	NN	A vacation is what you need . "
tr	NNS	There are some movies that have survived digitally too , but I have to say there 's something fun about doing it the old fashioned way . "
tr	NN	All the shared passion of the night before linked her to him .
tr	NNS	Her mind swept her into the darkest part of her past , dredged up all the worst childhood images .
tr	NNS	Thin slivers of silver , tiny specks of humanity , peeked through the darkness of his soul , barely there .
tr	NN	A light compulsion takes care of that .
tr	NN	Just a standard personality inventory analysis program that I used together with a dose of common sense . "
tr	NN	For the moment their hunger had subsided .
tr	NN	But a committee of faceless bureaucrats back on Earth ?
tr	NNS	The angry shouts became louder .
tr	NN	Probably looking like a troll with all the makeup dripping down my face .
tr	NN	Grinder 's abode is a huge two-story red brick place with large windows and green shutters .
tr	NNS	" Things have changed . "
tr	NNS	Girls didn 't like him .
tr	NN	Natalie 's amber gaze narrowed .
tr	NNS	His own fears refused to be dismissed , their very reasonableness preserving them .
tr	NN	The original Vampire disappeared before Lexus could kill him , disbanding them all in the act .
tr	NNS	Lots of small snakes inside the hole , wriggling around , hissing and spitting .
tr	NNS	Odysseus lingered though , leaning down to murmur again into Nestor 's ear .
tr	NN	But the new Death has the power to harness souls .
tr	NNS	Thankfully , the battlements offered ample protection and he was now armed with the dead man 's gun .
tr	NNS	Increasingly , his actions had been without motive .
tr	NN	There was a chalk outline from the previous night 's shooting .
tr	NN	There 's a panel up front that shows the time and the date . "
tr	NN	" Mr. Anderson , " the dean said with a tight look on his face .
tr	NNS	The fireworks should be starting soon . '
tr	NN	Except for last year when I gave her the engagement ring , but that was different .
tr	NNS	Faint snores were coming from the volume entitled Ook .
tr	NNS	Looks like that didn 't fare too well for you . "
tr	NNS	The five figures there were moving up the side of the bridge , and in a few moments had reached the barricade .
tr	NNS	The subtle changes jerked her out of the meditative trance she had been using to calm her mind and body .
tr	NNS	There are always buyers for good businesses . "
tr	NN	The vast majority of the Elders have gathered at The Shade because that 's where most of the vessels and humans are . "
tr	NNS	My companions are ... ' He got no farther before Bry interrupted him .
tr	NN	A growl escaped him as he released my ankle and used his only hand to pull himself half out of the hole .
tr	NN	He ' l know everything in your head .
tr	NNS	The dragon 's scales dug like claws into his free hand as he tried to steady himself on the dragon 's back .
tr	NN	There was a sharp click and a prick and a drop of blood beaded on Eli 's skin .
tr	NN	A canvas , half painted , half sketched in pencil , showed a young man sitting by a fireplace and holding a guitar .
tr	NN	And his accent is back now .
tr	NNS	Maris said nothing either .
tr	NNS	Delores pulled out a chair and sat .
tr	NN	" My surgery went fine .
tr	NNS	Looks like they 're doing some maintenance work . "
tr	NN	Like this was a prison or an experiment .
tr	NN	The bump from his rear seemed to be getting more frequent and regular .
tr	NN	Part of me wants to believe that spending time with me and Dust has changed him .
tr	NNS	Looks like they made up because she came back with him . "
tr	NN	The lamp crashed to the floor with them .
tr	NNS	When the feathers were in full plumage and the winter solstice aligned , the gates between this world and others would open .
tr	NNS	The ladies who read this will understand , of course , but I don 't think the men will .
tr	NNS	There are communication facilities in place which will enable you to put together a team and a viable plan . '
tr	NNS	The colors and sounds of the Extravaganza swirled around me .
tr	NN	The smells of the house seemed even better than earlier today .
tr	NN	" A reef knot ? "
tr	NNS	Aris looked up at Selene , his heart barely pumping any blood , as if it was holding its breath like he was .
tr	NNS	Thoughts like that had no place in his mind right now .
tr	NNS	There was at least five inches of space to spare when I passed you .
tr	NNS	Things are going to happen rather quickly once I enter the room . '
tr	NN	When a prophecy isn 't spoken , isn 't shared , there is no euphoria .
tr	NN	As he watched the process , a captain with B Company came over .
tr	NNS	The origins of the disease are unknown and there seem to be no cure .
tr	NNS	From the stable area came the shouts of men hard at work .
tr	NN	Anger and embarrassment swelled inside of Sophie for a split second , but she mastered it and was calm when she spoke .
tr	NNS	Their footsteps and those of all the other people echoed gently through the floors and walls .
tr	NNS	" Bugs , could you please pick the first man to perform ? "
tr	NN	" What 's that tube ?
tr	NNS	The only pets he lives with are his peeves .
tr	NNS	The warriors began screaming insults and gripping their weapons ready to strike at any moment .
tr	NNS	The shifters moved around the circle , grabbing our hands and pulling us in , connecting us to the magic .
tr	NN	The mixing of too many Superiors ' blood allowed the Vampire to bear the child but it came out diluted itself . "
tr	NNS	" If what Cassandra said is true , there are cases where innocent souls are captured so that true demons can enter this plane .
tr	NN	" Only a genius like Andy could pull off something like that .
tr	NN	' I was going to offer you some tea , ' the matron said .
tr	NN	" Your momma 's going to be fine .
tr	NNS	There were no clear roads .
tr	NN	From what I can gather , the language is Esperanto .
tr	NN	The only consolation was that the storm would also slow the failing skimmer .
tr	NN	Hopefully , the garage we passed has a spot available . "
tr	NNS	Building roads from all directions to it would be the answer .
tr	NNS	Now thirty-seven , rapidly whitening strands salt and peppered his dark hair .
tr	NNS	The worms had knitted it neatly , but his enemies had hung him too high for anyone to notice .
tr	NN	" Well , the fiction is directly behind me and the non-fiction is just beyond that .
tr	NNS	Our classes and our lunch periods were different .
tr	NN	The murderer was no one to me .
tr	NNS	Things didn 't turn out that way . "
tr	NN	A computer science graduate student , Sam earned his PhD at the same time I received my undergraduate degree .
tr	NN	A dark mountain looms behind me .
tr	NN	The cottage is thatched , with whitewashed walls and a little plaque on the gate .
tr	NNS	" Also , when my body prepares to feed , the healing properties in my saliva release .
tr	NN	The realisation was like a hammer blow to Garnet .
tr	NN	A guy jealous over me was a feeling I wasn 't accustomed to .
tr	NNS	Those corded forearms dusted with black hair tapered to solid wrists .
tr	NN	The Sphinx stood up .
tr	NNS	Then the police sirens had pierced the air .
tr	NN	The executive nodded and stood in front of the shelf filled with plaques and trophies .
tr	NNS	Sean presses into me and my back slams into the wall .
tr	NNS	Sadness almost overwhelmed Emma .
tr	NNS	My actions on Saturday night might have implied a lot , but I needed her to know for certain .
tr	NN	The small courtyard between the keep and its wall contained a couple of guard posts and patrols , and Ham would visit each one in turn .
tr	NN	The most recent fold occurred on December 21 , 2012 and they have been traveling to Earth since then .
tr	NNS	Great female minds think alike .
tr	NNS	The daily journeys he had taken away from the library served their purpose .
tr	NNS	The fountains were off .
tr	NNS	Images flooded into his mind once more .
tr	NN	The way Monty said it made it clear that he felt distaste at saying the name .
tr	NN	What right does this psycho have to call me a slut ?
tr	NN	The fox fiend growled savagely aching to sink its teeth into raw flesh .
tr	NN	The sponge didn 't hold very well .
tr	NN	The young lord turned and entered his rooms at the far end of the corridor and slammed the door .
tr	NNS	The projected losses were depressing , especially so in a fleet that couldn 't hope to replenish its numbers .
tr	NN	" But we ' l play . "
tr	NNS	Or those racer 's gloves , wrists upturned ; also black .
tr	NN	Knowing about a male 's anatomy definitely didn 't help .
tr	NN	His passion was so all-consuming it had been a struggle to remain gentle and a constant battle to avoid touching any of her sore spots .
tr	NNS	Surely the creatures would follow .
tr	NNS	Things are bad though . "
tr	NNS	He bent to show his fangs and the dogs cringed , hackles raised but tails between legs .
tr	NN	Straight ahead , after entering the door , there was a huge staircase , a marble one with a golden railing .
tr	NNS	Sporadic bits of dark purple occasionally spill over edges , the recurring cycle of reversing gravity distributing sand anywhere and everywhere .
tr	NNS	The currents in the room shifted and began to concentrate over the bed .
tr	NN	The pulse of trance music was still coming from the kitchen .
tr	NN	That agony and guilt swirled around inside me , compounding my grief for a girl I 'd barely known two days .
tr	NN	A swirling vortex of white and silver light was all that was back here .
tr	NNS	The streams and ponds are freezing .
tr	NN	' Then the tribe dies out . '
tr	NN	Somewhat more relaxed , Nick took a step towards the table , but then he reconsidered and went back to check the small en-suite first .
tr	NN	Then lightning lit the sky as a mighty wind roared in from the sea .
tr	NN	His uncle was right on his heels , walking out behind him .
tr	NN	The large TV in front of us flashed the House Guests logo , and then cut to a screen .
tr	NN	I know the history of the current prisoner inside your Quiet Box , the Sphinx said .
tr	NNS	The drones close in , pursuing me .
tr	NNS	Two figures come into view , moving fast .
tr	NN	The colonel had assured them that most personnel on board had no idea she and her friends existed .
tr	NNS	" There were fireworks , but I don 't think it was the Fourth of July . "
tr	NN	A queue of some 30 bobs are already lining the walkway .
tr	NNS	Things are okay here .
tr	NNS	" The goblins are , in my opinion , too blood thirsty and too savage to be able to do any real battling .
tr	NN	A chorus of dogs howling and cats hissing would have sounded better .
tr	NNS	" Of course - " She cut him off as two more texts came in .
tr	NNS	Yet these images still occasionally mingled with crystalline spires and multiple suns .
tr	NN	My lady 's maid does not even pretend to answer my summons .
tr	NN	What does the little lord require ? "
tr	NN	A vicious cackle in my ear tensed my shoulders .
tr	NN	" So my sauce might burn ! "
tr	NNS	His face changes and his jaw gets tight .
tr	NN	And the photograph was right .
tr	NNS	But our scans may have been too superficial to make any conclusions . "
tr	NN	The hunger clawed at his vitals , yet he hesitated to leave the security of his lair .
tr	NNS	The nuns all smiled and nodded .
tr	NN	Faded light streaming through tall stained-glass windows provided the only illumination .
tr	NNS	The constant near-death experiences created tension that was best alleviated with extended hot sex .
tr	NN	His honesty had brought her back to him .
tr	NNS	The goblins may come back .
tr	NN	" What does this script mean ? "
tr	NN	The goal is to keep your pressure under control , not send it shooting through the roof . "
tr	NN	Why had Ferry ordered her to meet him here ?
tr	NN	To his horror the pond turned red and the trees charred to black .
tr	NN	A second year student at the Elsinore Academy , and our own Alexandra Frost had many more years of expectations to fulfill .
tr	NN	" And what does the winner get ? "
tr	NNS	The three minds came towards me , the way they moved was mesmerising .
tr	NNS	Old filing cabinets lined a few walls and there was an antique wooden desk .
tr	NN	Boom , boom , boom , boom .
tr	NN	" My medication cocktail must have been a little too strong today .
tr	NN	Part of me enjoys it .
tr	NNS	" The media wants a story .
tr	NN	Was my theory of some creature waiting for its next meal to arrive , correct ?
tr	NN	A snort escaped his mouth as he carried the phone and his coffee to the kitchen .
tr	NN	Apparently , there was a drawn-out , high-speed car chase and wreckage that finally enabled Braves to cuff Crewe and bring him in .
tr	NN	A short shooter , otherwise the downward angle would be more pronounced .
tr	NNS	" And yes , mothers are always monitoring what 's going on in their children 's lives .
tr	NNS	There were also a few letters , with Paris postmarks , that seemed innocent enough , although Annie 's grammar school French was very rusty .
tr	NN	A chorus of agreement broke out .
tr	NN	" The dawn is nearly here , Oren .
tr	NNS	Its thumbs stroked over my cheeks as its hands rested against the tender hollow of my throat .
tr	NN	The mass temporarily raised their heads to see and then they lowered them again , in observance .
tr	NNS	Marius cranked the wheel and sped out onto the road , back in the direction of The Dome .
tr	NN	The high pitch continued .
tr	NNS	" The rats died from something outside .
tr	NN	The winner 's looking at fifty grand and a share of the take . "
tr	NNS	Looks like his daddy . "
tr	NNS	Actually , there were some disappointed readers when she missed two weeks while she was playing with you and your friends at the farms .
tr	NN	The harbour is only half a day 's walk away and then we would be the merchant 's problem . "
tr	NNS	Modern bars lined the river 's concrete course with thick trees , rich shrubbery and old world styled bridges .
tr	NNS	Others might come along . "
tr	NN	A stir among the semicircle of men said that the shoe had been dropped .
tr	NN	My birth was a notable exception .
tr	NNS	" The servants , " Vin repeated , still speaking in a soft whisper .
tr	NN	Your guardian and this mysterious yet beautiful blonde await our arrival ?
tr	NNS	Through Vel , the council members say : " I am honored to meet you . "
tr	NN	The dog 's plumed tail wagged frantically as it trotted back to the little girl .
tr	NNS	Every species does it , only not in the same overt manner . "
tr	NNS	Orders were shouted , and men arrived with ten steel gas containers .
tr	NN	Violent lust burned in both sets of eyes for a second , and then she turned away .
tr	NNS	Jacob inches closer to me and places his hand on mine .
tr	NN	Our h * ps still pressed tightly together .
tr	NN	The gunfire had stopped , except for the occasional round as the stragglers were captured or killed .
tr	NN	" The Battle of the Somme , 1916 .
tr	NN	I was thinking , The mayor wouldn 't have Michele over at his house , not around his wife and kids . "
tr	NNS	" At first when I saw you last year the similar situations crossed my mind .
tr	NN	Part of her wanted to take anything he would give her .
tr	NNS	The wolves could very well intend to eat them , but the way the wolf had beckoned Brand to sit on him indicated otherwise .
tr	NN	On the bed lay a black hard sided suitcase .
tr	NN	" Love or obsession ... what is life about to you ? "
tr	NN	He didn 't even look up as I asked him direct questions , just gave brief answers , his bored gaze on the screen of his laptop .
tr	NNS	The creatures , even with their pincers , were harmless to Kate and Jason , but revealed a stunning animosity toward one another .
tr	NN	A pen and a small note pad appeared in her hand .
tr	NNS	Once the fog lifted , the gates would mean a little more dust .
tr	NNS	" These cards provide a record of the Princes genetic sequence -- two cards have been very roughly treated !
tr	NN	Still , the gunfire raged around them .
tr	NN	But humanity 's greatest weakness had destroyed that too .
tr	NNS	There were no prints on the way to the kitchen and no lights within .
tr	NNS	Three black Lincoln Town Cars had appeared along the curb at the front of the Center .
tr	NN	Away to the right was an arrangement of canvass sheets which seemed to house washing and toilet facilities .
tr	NN	The fire inspector wanted to close the site and Cash had to go to the hospital to get stitches . "
tr	NN	Outside , the pigeon had come back , and beyond it , heavy clouds shifted in the sky , transforming into images from other worlds .
tr	NNS	His protective instincts made that hard for him to accept , even though he knew Tynan was on their side .
tr	NN	At the moment , the Ambassador was not thinking at all .
tr	NNS	" Okay , Mr. Famous Last Words Boy .
tr	NN	And why was there a secret compartment in this house ?
tr	NN	The honesty of her words was unmistakable this time .
tr	NN	The agent says , " My sister could beat up those guys .
tr	NN	The bullet had shattered her upper arm .
tr	NNS	" The rats have begun to battle one another for their throne . "
tr	NN	Then a bright sliver of the sun 's disk slipped above the edge of the world .
tr	NNS	The hills resounded with the din of war .
tr	NNS	Beer signs offered a cold welcome .
tr	NNS	Lights and sirens wailed in the background as Richard rushed through the building with Matt and Mitch right behind him .
tr	NN	Would the beaded pond cure their thirst ?
tr	NN	Sure enough , the redhead came to my side and captured me in a long hug .
tr	NNS	Where she walks the tiles blister .
tr	NNS	Night creatures , gifted with large golden eyes , the night and darkness , was their true element .
tr	NNS	Their efforts had failed , and all that remained was ash , rot and hunger .
tr	NN	The medical examiner pulled on the handles and a covered corpse slid out of the ice-cold mist .
tr	NN	The soil all around it is so hard it can break a shovel , and Craft can 't touch it at all .
tr	NNS	Small gift cards were acceptable , anything under twenty dollars , and that was it , but rare gold coins worth hundreds of thousands were not .
tr	NNS	Images of the girls I noticed in class flashed through my mind .
tr	NN	Beneath the chairs was a crimson carpet , with faint designs along the edge .
tr	NN	Gradually his hatred subsided .
tr	NN	The priest went on .
tr	NNS	In the background , oddly shaped skyscrapers with wide reflecting windows soar into the sky .
tr	NN	The cheeseburger went down in a few deep breaths , more drinks to round off the meal .
tr	NNS	More tunnels led out from this central larder .
tr	NN	His body language was very clear that he was going to get his way .
tr	NN	The jaguar yawned lazily .
tr	NNS	Hands went inside my skirt from either side as soon as we cleared the front door .
tr	NN	A tap on my shoulder has me glancing back and I smell it again .
tr	NNS	There are a few containers ( a little taller than me ) that are placed in rows around the whole room , creating aisles .
tr	NNS	There are good trails in the park , and there is an inn nearby that caters to visitors who enjoy winter sports .
tr	NN	Ghost jumped off the bed and scampered over to him , all furry white body and big paws .
tr	NNS	On Gehenna , there are entire studios devoted to the beautification of the body via graphic art . "
tr	NN	The detention was brief and the questions were casual , but the guy got a good look at his face and was all over his passport .
tr	NNS	The punches instantly ceased .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of Peyton and prison time faded , and I curled his hair around my finger .
tr	NN	A huge cooking pot hung over a fire and long tables crowded the rest of the covered area .
tr	NN	The receptionist joined them and they made their way to the back , piling into the small storage room .
tr	NN	The studio was a giant room covered in photographs of all shapes and sizes .
tr	NN	His GPS transmitter was in one of the bags .
tr	NN	Zeke 's growl worried Peyton .
tr	NN	And when Jordan slowly lowered his sensual lips to hers and whispered , " Kiss me , darling , " it was all the invitation Alexandra needed .
tr	NN	" His uncle Jude and I got him a present . "
tr	NNS	There were significant risks .
tr	NN	There was a large hole in the center of the windshield and the front seats were covered in glass and eviscerated , foam padding spilling out .
tr	NNS	Her fans knew she 'd been divorced and that she had grown daughters .
tr	NN	Less fertile soil requires more time .
tr	NN	That small sentence did not seem to blend well and I don 't think I was the only one to think that way .
tr	NNS	Her fingernails raked the hard column of his thighs , light , erotic , sending fire leaping , coiling in his gut .
tr	NNS	What are your hobbies ?
tr	NNS	Hands grasped its edges so that it was a square with fingers of many colors around its borders .
tr	NNS	The horrible wriggling creatures massed as if eagerly awaiting the movement of blood .
tr	NNS	Beside her , strands of bioluminescence in the guards ' hair flickers to life , providing enough light to navigate the uneven ground .
tr	NNS	Things have just been moving really fast here .
tr	NNS	The teachers and researchers should be readying for their own evacuation .
tr	NNS	My actual war experiences began on October 2 , when we raided a submarine base in Emden .
tr	NN	" Pack leader of the Castellanos , " Alejandro answered quietly .
tr	NNS	The members acknowledged the message .
tr	NN	There was only a half inch left of the candle on her dresser , and she didn 't really want to be in total darkness just yet .
tr	NNS	What were the chances of that ?
tr	NN	Expecting the doors to give , the soldiers ' full momentum had mashed them against the heavy doors .
tr	NN	My racquet , which I hadn 't handled in months , looked the same as I remembered , with black tape coming loose from the grip .
tr	NN	" Morning , " she mumbled , immediately lost in the clear blue of his smiling eyes .
tr	NNS	" Sweetheart , the shape shifters are hardly an issue .
tr	NNS	Poker chips stood in neat towers at the center of the table .
tr	NN	After lowering her hips into the water , her fin slipped under the surface .
tr	NN	" No , " the Ambassador said , licking dry lips .
tr	NNS	Those abilities complement each other .
tr	NNS	Aris raised bemused eyes , searching out the instigator of all the reactions .
tr	NN	There was no rational explanation -- it was just a feeling .
tr	NNS	The attendants mumbled vaguely about the perceptiveness of the king .
tr	NN	A hunter , " she interpreted .
tr	NN	The local garrison will need every crafter they can get to make sure these creatures do not escape again . "
tr	NNS	The millions he makes per film is enough incentive for him to get married . "
tr	NNS	eight Grayson had lunch delivered to the hangar .
tr	NNS	Old Lady Haggard downstairs talked about them and a gentleman on the 8th floor said something about it , too . "
tr	NN	The Resistance was strong , but there were too many Titans .
tr	NNS	Stony jaws remained pried apart on springs , however .
tr	NNS	" Then why hide the bites with scarves ? "
tr	NN	A delegation of roaches appeared and bowed low .
tr	NNS	Bugs paid the kind , old woman for the items and even made an advance installment on future theater wicks once they became available .
tr	NN	But cutting didn 't hold the appeal it used to .
tr	NN	" I am Ezekiel , " stated the elderly gentleman .
tr	NNS	Instead of smoke little green frogs came floating out with every breath .
tr	NNS	His spikes are drooping from the heat .
tr	NN	Despair is among the many results of actions begun at the glorious height of revelation .
tr	NN	Each pilot leaned over and pushed the red button .
tr	NN	There 's a small scar below his right eye and I wonder if it 's from where his dad hit him that night .
tr	NN	3 January 15 , 1624 Today was an exceptionally cold day and we spent it indoors .
tr	NNS	The scales along her back and flanks turned from rusty brown to a dull lurid red .
tr	NNS	If she were to make a list of what she wanted in a man , those traits would be at the very top .
tr	NN	" I will , " Jazz said then cleared her throat .
tr	NN	His pulse kicked with a visceral awareness of Claire on the other side of that painted white door .
tr	NN	Just stupidity and more cowardice than brains .
tr	NNS	The images of the shattered portrait and the bloodied glass on the floor seemed to hit his mum like a thunderbolt .
tr	NNS	Avocado greens and puke yellows lined the walls .
tr	NN	Dee 's grandmother traveled a lot .
tr	NNS	When ghosts were able to walk .
tr	NNS	" Your twins will just have to settle for having Auntie Lissa , who sends them birthday and Christmas presents . "
tr	NNS	The tutors would drill you until you had everything , and I mean everything down to the last detail .
tr	NNS	There was a mattress on the floor in here too , but no box springs .
tr	NNS	The Queen 's companions tensed , and more than a few unsheathed bows from cases on their backs .
tr	NN	Her sanity relied on Sue living .
tr	NN	The thin slice of dark chocolate cake was extremely rich , so the berries and ice cream lightened it to just the right taste .
tr	NNS	" My apologies , Milady , " she whispered as she righted herself .
tr	NNS	Flames burst a few feet from me , but I didn 't flinch , and I didn 't move .
tr	NN	Her innocence was still intact .
tr	NNS	The drill sergeants weren 't above waking everyone in the middle of the night to check .
tr	NN	A grunt escaped him as her weight pulled against his wounded back .
tr	NN	" Morning gentlemen , or is it afternoon ?
tr	NNS	" But surely the Slav leaders know that by so doing they are sacrificing control of their own lands ?
tr	NNS	Lights flashed before her eyes .
tr	NNS	The warriors could see what the Oracle showed them and they hurried to meet it .
tr	NN	The young priest turned and fled at that point .
tr	NN	The supervisor put a pair of feathers into a bore hole , and then held the chisel in place between the feathers .
tr	NN	Alice 's charm had worked like a ... well , you get it .
tr	NNS	Freezing temperatures never bothered the Winter fey .
tr	NN	" Lead singer for a little local cover band . "
tr	NNS	The blades spun too fast , making a shot with her arrow nearly impossible .
tr	NNS	His sobs echoed off the wall of refrigerated compartments as Kourtney 's simple , " Yes .
tr	NNS	The letters in the book were Greek .
tr	NN	Some gauze would 've been nice .
tr	NNS	Others I know things about they 'd rather not see made public so they 'd be happy to grant me favors . "
tr	NNS	The goblins were our allies , but not our friends .
tr	NNS	" The aunts said the seed of the vampire was in the Carpathian male . "
tr	NNS	Looks like Woodie coming now . "
tr	NNS	My followers called to me .
tr	NNS	Apparently her boldness was the right tack .
tr	NN	" Your failed rebellion is not my concern .
tr	NN	A tarp flapped on top of it .
tr	NN	" The bullet barely grazed me . "
tr	NN	' Our star witness is a tramp ?
tr	NN	After a moment of scanning the ground , a glint caught my eye , and I crouched down .
tr	NN	A siren began to wail .
tr	NN	The familiar pinch came as his teeth broke through my skin .
tr	NN	And seating plans , and lists , so many lists .
tr	NNS	Its scales were a dusty brown , its yellow eyes vicious and stupid .
tr	NN	The big wig nonchalantly thumbed through the opening pages , stopped abruptly and in an irritated voice asked : " I don 't understand !
tr	NNS	" Dogs and pigs you are , my pets . "
tr	NNS	Curious to see if his touch elicited the same reaction as the night before , he took her hand in his .
tr	NNS	The twins had to go to college together ; any other outcome was unthinkable .
tr	NNS	Her possessed wolves waited restlessly in the courtyard and shifters of other kinds gathered .
tr	NNS	Two black figures who were somehow luminescent at the same time and had brilliant blue eyes .
tr	NN	At long last the hunter had found a tavern and charged through the doors .
tr	NNS	His scales flipped back over into human skin .
tr	NN	My suitcase was sadly light as the majority of my clothes were scrubs from work .
tr	NN	" That 's 'cause al you ever think about is your package , " JJ replies .
tr	NNS	Thoughts had begun forming in their minds , too , on the beautiful girl they had outnumbered and overpowered .
tr	NNS	There were two brighter , broader roads running from the top to the bottom of the city , and from one side to the other .
tr	NNS	Then the sink taps went on .
tr	NN	To her right , the young deputy was looking as if he 'd seen a few better days .
tr	NNS	Looks like she used a bottle of bleach on them . "
tr	NN	" Someone 's got ta do it . "
tr	NNS	" Not many villagers can afford the luxury of a mount .
tr	NN	His crown was in silver , with small roses made out of gold adding gorgeous taste here and there .
tr	NN	The blacksmith shook his head at her as she slammed the door after her , then he turned back to the companions .
tr	NNS	These four jewels do exist and so far , only one has been found with the Amaranth tribe .
tr	NN	Shooting for this one goal , to move beyond the store , take that next big step that I 've been living for nothing but this .
tr	NNS	Again his view screens flicker and die .
tr	NN	A spark lit in her eyes .
tr	NNS	Even the kitchens came into view .
tr	NNS	Others carried jars away .
tr	NNS	A few more scenes flashed across the wall and Shai watched the child grow before her eyes in a matter of seconds .
tr	NN	The mayor put his hands over his ears .
tr	NN	A rustle from behind the bushes caught Joey 's attention and he saw a young man running away .
tr	NNS	My pulse races , and anticipation curls through me .
tr	NNS	The healers took care of that , using a combination of mundane and magical techniques to prepare and preserve the corpse .
tr	NN	He did it to get rich , " said the sheriff in an obvious manner .
tr	NNS	Over two hundred years of being comatose , its effects weren 't cumulative .
tr	NNS	The lies end today .
tr	NN	Your only success has been in creating a meager play thing for you to waste countless valuable resources on for your own enjoyment . "
tr	NN	my uncle asks me .
tr	NNS	There were no hallways on the level ; the entire floor was taken up by people and devices and things and stuff .
tr	NNS	There were no guarantees in life .
tr	NN	A thick crust had already formed sealing the eye shut .
tr	NN	A surprised buffalo might slow them down if somebody got hurt , and neither the Gods nor the odds were on her side .
tr	NNS	All characters appearing in this work are fictitious .
tr	NNS	The grains of sand eternally changing and morphing .
tr	NN	The haze of hunger morphed into a clear chill of tension when she realized where he was headed .
tr	NNS	There are only three possible solutions , each more improbable than the last .
tr	NNS	Things were going so well that Elise gave herself two nights off .
tr	NN	" Yessir , " the admiral said .
tr	NNS	" Thankfully , all your scans are checking out and your verbal responses are typical . "
tr	NN	Jazz flipped through the rest of the paperwork .
tr	NNS	Looks like he 's been taken . '
tr	NN	The singular ruby in each of their rings marked the only visible light .
tr	NN	The wounded jaguar roared with rage , swiping at MaryAnn 's leg , and she gasped with pain .
tr	NN	Her first inclination was to refuse his request .
tr	NNS	Chills shot across my skin and raised the hairs at the nape of my neck , spreading down my back .
tr	NN	" There 's an old stone gardening shed . "
tr	NNS	Two rows of framed portraits hung on the wall above the mantel .
tr	NNS	Glass vials of powder and liquid , bunches of dried plants , sticks of some black substance like soft coal .
tr	NN	The absurdity of the challenge made her laugh .
tr	NNS	Makes you wonder what else you 've been told that were lies , doesn 't it ? "
tr	NNS	His servants greeted him and waited for his instructions .
tr	NNS	Looks like we 're going down farther than one level . "
tr	NNS	His reservations eased and he rang the bell .
tr	NN	" Yeah , but that 's the trick isn 't it ?
tr	NNS	The sirens in the distance were growing louder , closer .
tr	NN	The loft is the first door on the right . "
tr	NNS	Their first meetings were a bit stiff , but as they came to know each other better , they started to relax .
tr	NN	His sudden preoccupation would not go unnoticed , and most certainly not by Jackson .
tr	NN	The thin tail , the tip marked by a black tassel , snaked back and forth in rhythm to its imperial stride .
tr	NN	Unfortunately , my team leader was correct .
tr	NN	My pulse quickened as I thought he would finally see reason and give into the needs of his body .
tr	NN	As I watched , a dark sedan pulled in behind the other vehicles .
tr	NNS	Your banking activities are behind schedule .
tr	NN	the chaplain had asked him .
tr	NNS	Looks like I 'm not the only one who is off-the-grid .
tr	NN	His determination warned her that he was going to get his way , and yet she couldn 't find the room to rebel at the notion .
tr	NNS	In the bay 's light , silver designs glittered on the dwarf 's robe .
tr	NN	Under their open , inquisitive looks he mastered his temper a little and turned away before he could betray himself more thoroughly .
tr	NNS	Soft whispers of a woman 's voice vibrated through my head .
tr	NN	" What about the storefront that doesn 't have a sign ? "
tr	NNS	" Why should the fuel cells fail on his skimmer ? "
tr	NN	The orgasm screamed through her as loud and harsh as her words exploding in the air .
tr	NN	The shelf began to descend as the shield closed over her , encasing her and her love in light .
tr	NN	Up on the gutter of the house the raven still sat and warily looked down with his black eyes on those coming out of the house .
tr	NNS	" Where are your pillows ? "
tr	NNS	In here the nurses call me cutie and I 'm not just the guy with one arm . "
tr	NNS	When she opened her eyes , the colors in her hand glowed .
tr	NNS	" How would reading objects help ? "
tr	NN	Eight minutes after the bridge collapsed , a silver sedan quickly road up behind them as officers and the Hunters drew their weapons .
tr	NNS	Lights above the tanks changed colors every ten seconds .
tr	NNS	The art classes had been a big hit .
tr	NNS	When they pulled in at the Utilities entrance , the gates were open enough for the van to squeeze through .
tr	NN	The exercise then concentrated on the upper body and arms .
tr	NNS	Looking at the trail , the pursuers spotted their target , a small camouflaged figure , still on the cliff wall .
tr	NN	His only injury seemed to be some very severe anal tearing .
tr	NNS	" But all the shapeshifters weren 't like that , were they ? "
tr	NN	On-board guidance is handling it . "
tr	NNS	At least prostitutes suffer their degradations in private .
tr	NNS	Marble floors stretched in every direction and chandeliers hung from the ceilings .
tr	NNS	Sometimes the worms surface and you can watch them crawling inside the skin of your arm .
tr	NN	An hour later , as she wandered through the rose garden , her hysteria had cooled to a steely determination .
tr	NNS	The cousins had also witnessed it .
tr	NN	His supervisor turned over most of his barter slips without batting an eye .
tr	NN	The click of her heels on the hardwood preceded her .
tr	NN	Gabriel smiled , a predator 's baring of teeth .
tr	NNS	Their pursuers had broken through the shield after all .
tr	NNS	Her teachers didn 't want to teach someone associated with him , let alone on the verge of marrying him .
tr	NN	Sali 's werewolf had grown , though .
tr	NNS	' Where exactly were the jewels ? '
tr	NN	A sudden tap on my right shoulder made me jump .
tr	NNS	" My witnesses don 't speak our language . "
tr	NN	" A perk of being a fall en angel , " he said bitterly .
tr	NN	Such an upside-down process ?
tr	NNS	The gates closed behind us and I raced up the driveway , wanting all that bullshit with the paparazzi left back there in the past .
tr	NNS	Things are very different in other parts of the world .
tr	NN	An aura of red engulfs the man as his already intimidating stature begins to grow .
tr	NNS	said Calliope , all signs of her smugness gone .
tr	NNS	The pills work perfectly . "
tr	NNS	Now those small domestic activities were a source of pleasure and satisfaction .
tr	NN	The squad clambered into the vehicles , and making a U-turn , they raced back in the direction from which they had come .
tr	NN	A growl rose in his throat and through grinding teeth .
tr	NN	" Stop ... " Despite Elizabeth 's command , Emma does not stop .
tr	NNS	" Our spies confirm this regularly . "
tr	NN	A well-dressed student asked him for a moment of his time to answer a few questions .
tr	NNS	His fears of letting go of the past , his feelings about not seeing her as much as he wanted to .
tr	NNS	Then came the butterflies , with their exotic wing patterns and rhythmic delicate buzzing .
tr	NN	The sheriff will be home soon .
tr	NNS	Like wraiths , the other four members of the squad emerged from hiding .
tr	NNS	Things couldn 't have been easy growing up . "
tr	NNS	Words like TV and lightbulb .
tr	NN	A waving shard of bone protruded from its rump , all the skin and hair ripped free from some atrocity .
tr	NN	The tailor threw down his shears , whipped the fabric off the table , and smoothed a new piece of cloth in its place .
tr	NNS	The whispers in his mind grew stronger , tempting him with the things he had never known in his long life .
tr	NN	The Russian pilot looks in that direction to see dozens of U.S. Blackhawk helicopters streaming towards him .
tr	NNS	Her suggestions seemed to be neither wanted nor appreciated .
tr	NN	Almost every teacher had emailed her .
tr	NNS	Hearing the stories made her a little envious .
tr	NN	But a few moments later , the older envoy finally appeared over the side , dripping water from the sodden lower half of his robes .
tr	NNS	The chains just needed to be together .
tr	NN	The shriek they let loose was unbearable , the fury of their siege doubled and they moved towards me in a horrible relentless wave .
tr	NNS	Things were definitely going his way tonight .
tr	NN	" My career is over .
tr	NNS	For years their meetings had been innocent .
tr	NN	The general consensus after more than 20 minutes of debate had been Mexico .
tr	NNS	The suns of Gorn had not yet risen , when the city 's attack siren , began to blare .
tr	NN	The generous allowance her son gave her monthly ( and often augmented at her request ) was her only source of income .
tr	NNS	Her abilities were unlike any he 'd encountered .
tr	NNS	The alien domes called to her and she couldn 't wait to get indoors and see what the fuss was about .
tr	NNS	The night when my parents died there were fireworks being lit off and I thought the gunshots where firecrackers .
tr	NN	They stuck to my body like a plaster of paris mold , my lack of junk in the trunk comment aside .
tr	NN	Her pulse beat faster .
tr	NN	A chorus of " Yes , sir , " followed Santana 's statement .
tr	NN	Rarely had Simon felt so keenly the divide between Nephilim and those who were not Nephilim .
tr	NNS	Looks like I am going to Texas .
tr	NN	Every stroke over her cl * t had her cunt tightening around him like a fist .
tr	NN	Where is this factory ? "
tr	NN	His partner nodded and jogged back to the cruiser .
tr	NN	The fifty or so present stood in an arched group around him and listened intently .
tr	NNS	I grabbed it and ran to the living room , zombies were attacking .
tr	NNS	Politicians , poets , scholars and aristocrats mingled together in happy harmony .
tr	NN	" A gentleman never tells . "
tr	NN	The chant rose higher and higher , like the suns in the distant morning sky .
tr	NNS	" More importantly does it satisfy you ? "
tr	NNS	But its batteries were old , the length they held charge was short and the recharge time long .
tr	NN	The bullet struck him in the chest , but he recovered quickly .
tr	NN	" The majority did .
tr	NN	The fur on the back of his neck stood on end as he gave a growl that rattled Lucia 's bones .
tr	NN	The young medic climbed into the driver 's seat and the older one sat in the back with Eloise .
tr	NN	Chance didn 't go down , though .
tr	NNS	The twins , however , had the foresight to build closets and storerooms on the lower levels of their tower , so they can put things away .
tr	NN	Just an annoying call from my idiot brother , that 's all . "
tr	NNS	The other two members of Callum 's inner circle nodded their agreement .
tr	NNS	Maris had backed away , so angry she could barely contain herself .
tr	NNS	" Yes , Miss , " the pupils replied in chorus .
tr	NN	That bitch killed my brother , your husband .
tr	NNS	The main sirens went quiet before he 'd replaced the phone into his jacket but the thin , constant tone from the professor 's room took over .
tr	NN	Your partner is down in the basement with the guards . "
tr	NNS	They were both cold , tired , and with nightfall coming , the temperatures would soon plummet below zero .
tr	NNS	Demetrius was the one who wanted me dead , and the one who controlled the Death Walkers .
tr	NNS	The wide-open spaces looked better and safer all the time .
tr	NNS	" All the apartments are this size .
tr	NN	" Actually , your secretary stepped away from her desk right after letting it slip that you were meeting with Connor . "
tr	NN	The elegant white gown decorates ugly with the black weapon armaments , a fashionista .
tr	NN	" Yes , a physical and a prescription for vitamins . "
tr	NNS	The next sessions of hands became an unending nightmare .
tr	NN	A bullet missed my head by an inch .
tr	NNS	Your prayers are the rain growing your business .
tr	NN	The sub slipped between massive clumps of green weed which rocked to and fro as they passed .
tr	NN	Once they left the lake behind , the turbulence cleared up and the jet landed in Grand Rapids without further incident .
tr	NN	But with Cameron , the old reckless Ainsley reared up , wanting him to undo her bodice down to her waist and take what he pleased .
tr	NNS	Their visits have been too frequent for too long .
tr	NNS	The pearls fell from the necklace into the swirling snows below .
tr	NN	That lack has come close to destroying us , especially given that the WTR is light years ahead of us in this regard .
tr	NN	" But he hasn 't checked out , " his partner said .
tr	NNS	Things changed ; habitats evolved .
tr	NN	I thought that was dead and buried , no pun intended ? "
tr	NN	A choir of priestesses stepped off the platform .
tr	NNS	Nicodemus had the valet pour coffee for Deirdre , but he spooned sugar into it himself .
tr	NNS	To the wealthy and powerful men all over Paris , Alain 's ideas about flight smelled of anarchy .
tr	NN	The gap between them closed another inch .
tr	NNS	Her multi-lingual skills landed her a position with an international translation company .
tr	NN	The hunger that lurked so close to the surface of his consciousness came alive despite his best effort to tamp it down .
tr	NNS	The movies represent the ultimate in entertainment .
tr	NNS	and the wolves ran out to meet him , and some of them stopped with him for a considerable time .
tr	NNS	The spiralling winds rapidly formed into swirling columns , around which ever more detail swiftly gathered .
tr	NN	But dread slipped over me as I looked back at my house .
tr	NNS	Things just got serious .
tr	NN	" My melodious marigold , you look simply ravishing ! "
tr	NN	" There is a really big snake in my living room and he didn 't get here by himself . "
tr	NN	The U.S. government can 't let her fall into enemy hands .
tr	NNS	But these ideas were abstract and remote .
tr	NNS	State funerals , like all state functions , are long .
tr	NN	Her nonchalance disappeared when she sprang from the ground , charging once more .
tr	NNS	There are only two floors , and the entire area covered by the first floor was roughly the size of St. James ' garden .
tr	NN	A moment later , another contraction took over and she had to sit up to roll with the pain .
tr	NN	Tick and his friends coughed and sputtered , covering their noses .
tr	NN	" Like I said , Shirley , creation is a work in progress . "
tr	NN	Perhaps , we need to go about it in a different way , " the captain proposed .
tr	NN	From the gutters , a deafening roar .
tr	NN	" The landing struts of the MAV .
tr	NNS	Harbor seals entertained them , and walruses , a bane to the boat owners , basked lazily on the dock .
tr	NN	The demon master raises a hand to stop us about ten or twelve feet away from the throne .
tr	NNS	Reapers have broken the rules , though , and try to drive Grim Angels into insanity or to give into their evil blood .
tr	NNS	What were the rats doing to his dad , anyway ?
tr	NN	There was steam rolling out of the bathroom .
tr	NN	The landing up at the top was an opulent grand entrance with an open patio to one side .
tr	NNS	Their frequent suggestions that I was an uneducated ninny probably had a great deal to do with my offer .
tr	NNS	Thoughts gave birth to deeds .
tr	NN	I closed my eyes and tried to sleep , fireplace poker gripped tightly in my hands .
tr	NN	His roar reverberated off the vaulted ceiling .
tr	NNS	The images in my mind shift and churn till I see Stenger on the floor .
tr	NNS	The warriors all stopped and the Centaur tumbled for a moment on some loose rock when he tried to slow down .
tr	NN	The pink tip of her tongue swiped over her lips .
tr	NN	" The honor is mine . "
tr	NNS	The other teachers in the room sat transfixed by the scene playing out before them .
tr	NN	" A new storage unit , " he said , handing the paper to me .
tr	NNS	He was fighting the transformation , his whites now tinged with red , his pupils dilated , tiny veins beginning to grow and throb .
tr	NNS	The momentary stiffness melted .
tr	NN	There was a second 's hesitation as the doors continued closing and then came together .
tr	NNS	Lives in this ancient house outside of Escondido and hardly ever leaves . "
tr	NNS	Things were back on schedule .
tr	NNS	Bugs , insects - whatever we call them - don 't have noses like people or animals do .
tr	NN	The concept of it was too grand and terrifying to truly encompass , and besides ... it might not even be true .
tr	NN	Maybe Hinson is the fence , " the investigator with the billy goat whiskers decided .
tr	NNS	The possibilities were making her feel nauseous , so she kept her thoughts to herself .
tr	NNS	But that said , there are international consequences to consider .
tr	NNS	The elves broke partially with reality to flee from the humans after centuries of war .
tr	NNS	Muscles in her stomach clenched as he rolled one nipple between his thumb and forefinger , while working the other with his mouth .
tr	NN	Although not entirely true , the highway has the reputation of being a region with poor , if any , cell phone reception .
tr	NN	Inside , the convention is just getting underway .
tr	NNS	There 's something rotten in the state of Georgia , and it stinks like hell fire . "
tr	NNS	My instincts tell me the vibrations would probably return , but we could try anyway .
tr	NNS	Her pupils have taken over her eyes and the look on her face will haunt me for the rest of my life .
tr	NNS	Once again , trains were dictating movement since ' the Pulse ' had eliminated most vehicles .
tr	NN	My hunger rouses suddenly .
tr	NNS	There were many more shots from the forum , mostly boring .
tr	NN	That bad habit just made you the last person up and around out here !
tr	NN	Part of the pleasure she 'd gotten out of killing had been imagining what her victims were going through .
tr	NNS	Its distorted face inches from mine , the fury opened its mouth , revealing a row of serrated teeth , and laughed .
tr	NN	The assault stopped as every beast spawned stared at the drop in the sand .
tr	NN	What 's my explanation going to be ?
tr	NN	Is everything ok back home ? "
tr	NN	" You 're always a scotch drinker , " the brunette added pointedly , and there was something protective in Michele 's voice .
tr	NNS	Under the complaint , unresolved situations of his adolescence , seething .
tr	NN	But the roar of motors did wake me .
tr	NNS	According to recent rumors , experiments for the modification of the Martian atmosphere are about to start again .
tr	NN	The brightly glowing core flashed even brighter and the light within became a swirl .
tr	NNS	Only two patrons occupied a table and the bell above the door was silent .
tr	NNS	She watched his eyes darken , his mouth turn down , his nostrils flare .
tr	NN	" Bit of a waste of time , wasn 't it ?
tr	NNS	Timothy races through the door and down the basement stairs to check if he received an email from Amelia .
tr	NNS	The footsteps hit the landing , then disappeared down the hallway .
tr	NN	Every pound was crucial .
tr	NN	The best option was for me to go to the Greyhound station and retrieve whatever sat inside the locker .
tr	NNS	Orders for wedding flowers are starting to come in , too . "
tr	NNS	The scales of life tilted away from Mike .
tr	NNS	And then the expedition members were alone , staring at each other , shivering in the misty rain .
tr	NNS	With a flick of the wrist , the blades unfurled and cleaved flesh with more force than any standard sword .
tr	NNS	Dark spots winked over his vision .
tr	NN	The lieutenant scanned her identification and the smiled , curiously .
tr	NN	Where does your loyalty lie ?
tr	NNS	Witches hate that . "
tr	NN	A tube led from the bag hanging on the pole to a needle that disappeared into a vein in her right forearm .
tr	NN	The barricade seemed to hold despite being only a couple of desks and chairs .
tr	NNS	Our lands were barren , and our people were hungry .
tr	NNS	There were millions of dollars riding on this meeting .
tr	NN	And the sleeveless T-shirt felt great , keeping his arms free and showing off his drummer 's muscles to maximum effect .
tr	NN	My full rank takes to long too say when we 're under fire . "
tr	NN	The video ended , and the screen abruptly cut back to Richard Morgan and the news anchor .
tr	NN	There was a creak on the stairs , and Claire looked over to see Michael padding down to join them , barefoot as usual .
tr	NN	The vegetable tasted better than he expected , crisp and wholesome .
tr	NN	The hood partially covered its flaccid face .
tr	NN	" My coin purse !
tr	NN	Her shadowy reflection on the screen grinned back at her .
tr	NNS	Families are giving out gifts to their loved ones .
tr	NN	Did this mountain ever end ?
tr	NNS	" Our cameras are picking up more tanks patrolling the area than usual .
tr	NNS	Maybe the same qualities hadn 't stood out so much in David because one miserable person could be fairly comfortable with another one .
tr	NNS	When he walked around to the driver 's side , thousands of thoughts attacked his mind .
tr	NNS	Our ancestors were mortal enemies and it seemed that it was a feud that had also been passed down from generation to generation .
tr	NNS	Like when he was in those damned council meetings and his temper rose , and he felt the magic stirring in response .
tr	NN	The lieutenant tried and failed to feign ignorance .
tr	NNS	Transporting objects had proven quite successful .
tr	NN	The implication was obvious - and bad .
tr	NNS	A tightness gripped her chest , crushing her , the pressure so intense she could hardly breathe .
tr	NN	Then a young fellow came along the hallway from the other direction .
tr	NN	A second later , there was a deafening crash as we collided with something solid .
tr	NNS	Those deaths are not so easy to explain . "
tr	NNS	The captains fought among themselves with a rising intensity , one that was threatening the company 's existence .
tr	NN	What a liar he was .
tr	NNS	Faint white letters began to appear amidst the charcoal on the paper .
tr	NN	But , by far the most abundant crop was one of those that Dillon didn 't recognize and he asked Sam " what 's that ? "
tr	NNS	The two travelers looked up onto the path by which they would travel out of the valley .
tr	NNS	Others were hanging out at home .
tr	NN	There was a pulse , faint and light .
tr	NNS	Red spots formed before my eyes .
tr	NNS	The high school hallways were always strangely reflective .
tr	NN	" But that guilt won 't stop you from using her to spy on the aristocracy . "
tr	NN	His halo of dark hair was in spikes , as if he 'd tangled his fingers through it too many times to count .
tr	NN	His success today was but one step in the right direction .
tr	NNS	There were surveillance cameras .
tr	NN	But the illness was depression , so they call it , but the word doesn 't begin to do the thing justice . '
tr	NN	A roar tore from his throat as he reared up on his hind legs .
tr	NN	A pulse issued forth .
tr	NN	The abduction had robbed her of a sister she loved and split her family apart more ruthlessly than a hatchet .
tr	NN	" Morning , " she said , surprised by her scratchy voice .
tr	NNS	Her fingernails dug into his back as wave after wave rippled through her body .
tr	NNS	Your actions were unexplainable ?
tr	NN	The evening session was different than the afternoon , and seemed to have brought a younger crowd .
tr	NNS	Words popped into my thoughts - ' The demon thief will guide you .
tr	NNS	There weren 't any footsteps .
tr	NN	The momentum carries me up the next hill and down again , even faster this time .
tr	NN	" With an iron fist . "
tr	NN	But the faster he wrote , or the more agitated he grew , the more beautiful the scrawl became .
tr	NN	The captain with the jet-black hair raised a hand .
tr	NN	A shield is nearly useless .
tr	NN	The landlord wants your junk cleaned out of the apartment . "
tr	NNS	But other situations , like this one , had arisen to obliterate at least some of those preconceptions .
tr	NN	Pure chaos erupted in the cave .
tr	NN	" But my grandmother loved classical music .
tr	NN	A nerve in Alex 's jaw twitched as he shook Volkov 's outstretched hand and met his placid gaze .
tr	NNS	His pupils dilated , and he pul ed her closer .
tr	NNS	And then I awoke , racked with sobs , my hands still clutching the hilt of the naked dagger .
tr	NN	Her nipple tightened and he could feel it stabbing eagerly through the thin fabric of her bra , demanding the touch of skin on skin .
tr	NN	A slow beeping reached him , and Cale frowned .
tr	NN	The determination still burned brightly .
tr	NNS	The two elves walked a foot behind Teresa .
tr	NN	His implication that Perry had failed in some way .
tr	NNS	The two Scottish elves now moved closer and joined the conversation .
tr	NN	Her stiff spine eased .
tr	NN	Her prince charming snored softly and broke the spell .
tr	NN	Song pulled out her finger and smiled at Echo .
tr	NN	The misery had been there on his face .
tr	NNS	All three floors were burning , and he had no idea how he was supposed to go downstairs .
tr	NNS	Ice ladies don 't look so bad now , do they ? "
tr	NNS	The grandparents that lived in town were among those being forced to evacuate .
tr	NNS	Things were never the same after that incident .
tr	NNS	The emptiness closed around me like suffocating fumes .
tr	NN	A rustling of the foliage at their backs drew their attention .
tr	NNS	" Were you to join , there are certain educational sessions that are designed to help you understand these matters .
tr	NNS	And to make matters worse , their black , dead tongues flitted in and out intermittently as the gnashing went on .
tr	NN	Part of me wanted to escape to my tent , but the other part of me liked having someone to talk to again .
tr	NN	A sob rolled in her throat .
tr	NNS	All the major nations of the Earth are pretending to do something .
tr	NNS	Apparently the gunmen had heard the sirens , too , and hastily retreated .
tr	NNS	Words had been unnecessary .
tr	NNS	No traders traveled its length , and the road had never seen improvement at the hands of the Royal Engineers .
tr	NN	The postcard haunted her .
tr	NNS	Others , however , quite willingly took to their knees , removing their caps and placing them on their chests , with their heads bowed .
tr	NN	The width of water between the two islands was about thirty feet , and the creature was less than a hundred yards away from him .
tr	NN	" The sheriff tell you I was coming ? "
tr	NNS	Her paintings are absolutely fascinating , Jonas .
tr	NN	Their unswerving progress made it clear that they were made for the sea .
tr	NN	Then , " Gunner , listen , the ranch has just - " She broke off , inhaling sharply .
tr	NN	Another twig popped and I spun around , finding Lucan walking toward me .
tr	NNS	Bloody heaps piled up before us .
tr	NNS	Images of unwelcome sperm meeting gullible ova tortured her until a previously irrelevant memory blossomed .
tr	NNS	" There 's elves now ? "
tr	NN	" No ... Luka ... " The elf leaned close to Luka , letting his thick black hair fall over his pale face .
tr	NN	A charred throw rug flew out from beneath Emma and took her feet with it , sending her crashing to the floor .
tr	NNS	Beyond them , the assembled villagers stood mutely by .
tr	NN	Sometimes the medication that you receive can heighten them .
tr	NNS	Romulus paused in front of a door on the far right .
tr	NNS	Current explorative activities while commercially exploitative make it difficult to assess impacts on biodiversity and livelihood .
tr	NN	The government used to charge a lot of tax on diesel , but not on oil for heating houses .
tr	NN	Staggering behind , the slave gave a low grunt .
tr	NN	Searching for Zelda , Link soon spots her comforting young Luda who sits next to her father 's corpse .
tr	NN	Ronan 's snort barely made it through his headset , but Gansey had heard it often enough to know it was there .
tr	NNS	The silver twins headed back to the stables with the horse .
tr	NN	The term was definitely growing on me .
tr	NN	The creak it made wasn 't loud , but whenever it made that sound , he was sure someone had woken up in the room next door .
tr	NN	If you have the dream , we ' l know . "
tr	NN	A weird weakness invaded her arms and legs .
tr	NNS	There are half a dozen banks that will put up the thirty percent in commercial notes . "
tr	NNS	The teachers were a different story .
tr	NN	Her Honda was no match .
tr	NNS	Some ideas are : radar , heat seeking missiles , machine guns , invisible cars , nitro , seat ejectors .
tr	NN	Jazz and I were just hanging out .
tr	NNS	Multiple gates slammed down .
tr	NN	His kilt fluttered around his bony knees .
tr	NN	No healer will be able to remove all the parasites from my body .
tr	NNS	" Ladies and gentlemen of the jury , my name is Thomas Crawley .
tr	NNS	Other blues came to investigate and seemed to sense that these land dwellers were there to help .
tr	NN	And humankind , a painted puppet with overgrown masked face and shrunken heart , abuses her own children and stomps on the dying and the destitute .
tr	NN	An ugly bruise was behind his ear and a dried trickle of blood had wormed down his neck like a strange tattoo .
tr	NNS	" Those creatures aren 't hunting the other children from Cloud Chief .
tr	NNS	Further , couples always ' sampled the wares ' these days , I was told ... so Godiva and Archimedes lived together for months before the wedding .
tr	NNS	The shirtless invaders cut down the last of the defenders and looked for their next set of victims .
tr	NNS	Things are a little foggy . "
tr	NNS	Large , cumbersome , and three shots killed no enemy ... why , they are useless .
tr	NNS	Witches can take that energy from a person and combine it with their own to produce the right kind .
tr	NN	The carpet looked dark around her feet , which were wearing slippers that were dark and light pink .
tr	NN	Part of that hippie nonsense he 's always spouting .
tr	NN	" Fire away , " the intruder said , as he laid the handset on the reception desk and walked out of the building .
tr	NNS	Things have gone wrong , very , very wrong .
tr	NN	The loud metallic crash was very satisfying .
tr	NN	My core tightened about him and my sensitive nerve endings sprang back to carnal life .
tr	NN	Terror had done that .
tr	NNS	" The possibilities are endless really , but I want to make sure you 're prepared just in case something happens . "
tr	NN	Her favorite actor was Carey Grant ; her favorite movie was Roman Holiday .
tr	NNS	How ... err , how has it . . ? "
tr	NNS	My eyelids were getting heavy , but I knew I couldn 't sleep .
tr	NN	As he approached , the captain flicked an eyebrow , and the other two fell silent .
tr	NN	Jack 's pulse , racing at a million miles an hour , had gone into overdrive .
tr	NNS	Alexis could only recall her time in death as a state of deep physical unconsciousness , but full spiritual awareness .
tr	NN	' We 've got a couple more songs , ' the singer said .
tr	NN	There 's no air-conditioning and it 's like an oven .
tr	NNS	His instincts about this man had been right .
tr	NN	" You can go in , " the receptionist said .
tr	NN	His attendance was sporadic at best .
tr	NNS	Waves of pain coursed up through his leg then , complaining about the sudden jarring sensation .
tr	NN	" Hey doll face .
tr	NN	Idiot , idiot , idiot !
tr	NNS	" Yes , well these two fellas were walking towards me , but as I 'd knocked off my lights , they mustn 't have seen me .
tr	NN	Bonnie 's first instinct was to sneak away .
tr	NNS	" Some traders came west as well , up the Missouri , but they were few .
tr	NNS	The ghostly figures still milled about , walking or jogging or falling , everywhere I looked .
tr	NN	The liquid was at once both hard and smooth , and like the surface of a mirror reflected whatever gazed upon it .
tr	NNS	All the markings are consistent with your ' cleaning ' .
tr	NNS	These runes were not the runes of the Angel .
tr	NN	The brunette crossed her arms over her chest and stared at a spot over her shoulder .
tr	NN	My ire started to rise at her accusation , except ... I had a feeling she was right .
tr	NN	The warrior glanced round and his face transformed into a mask of utter fury .
tr	NN	Love punched the button for the ground floor .
tr	NNS	" These tickets are for tomorrow night . "
tr	NNS	In case you don 't realise it , your actions are very disturbing . "
tr	NN	There was no spark of recognition when I laid eyes on Gettysburg High .
tr	NN	The young passenger in the flying car looked in vain out the window from time to time .
tr	NN	The rectangle of light now flashed with red and blue lights .
tr	NN	The general consensus from the town for me being let go , without even a wrist slap , was my mother .
tr	NNS	Cassius waved at his friend and started opening the doors .
tr	NNS	According to Tony , the courts have just awarded her custody . "
tr	NN	The only glitch in his charade was the one time Douglas did come home in time for tea .
tr	NN	A chant began to come together , " Build an army , invade our oppressors ! "
tr	NNS	The rods we use will descend a mile into the ground beneath the cave .
tr	NN	My pulse slows while my breathing decreases , and for a moment , I think I 'm going to die again .
tr	NN	Arik closed his eyes as heat from her touch seared his every nerve .
tr	NNS	Words caught in his throat .
tr	NN	Not the fake , tight smiles she always gave me .
tr	NN	Her mascara and eye shadow made an irregular pattern of stripes on her cheeks .
tr	NNS	" Well , there are slight differences but I think we 're dealing with a serial killer . "
tr	NNS	The virgins were all jogging in place and reading Wittgenstein .
tr	NNS	Now , the twins were thinking it was time to implement the next stage of " Operation : Save Mac . "
tr	NNS	Core 's warrior instincts took over .
tr	NN	The bravado had faded .
tr	NN	" Gene replication , " the sergeant explained .
tr	NNS	Implementing travel restrictions and detentions centers in a few major cities .
tr	NN	Love nodded , and said quietly , ' Of course , mate , I can appreciate that .
tr	NN	Her best friend Tracey had helped her make the horrible elastic thing that flattened her figure .
tr	NN	The van inched along in the dark .
tr	NN	So , this odd trio entered Coe Kiki , walking purposefully towards the castle and to a renewed life of good .
tr	NN	The video continued as I put the van in gear and fled from the scene .
tr	NN	Every sleeper I checked was humming along nicely . "
tr	NNS	" However , prison supplies are currently negative .
tr	NN	Her concentration seemed shot to pieces .
tr	NNS	The ground seemed to shift beneath her , colors whirled and blended .
tr	NNS	The cameras recorded their progress up the stairs .
tr	NNS	The suspects were already in handcuffs , so I wasn 't in any danger . "
tr	NN	The release rocked them both ; they allowed it to slide away .
tr	NNS	What did those fairies do to me ?
tr	NNS	Reyes stomped over and grabbed the radio that was strapped to one of the corpses .
tr	NN	The senator smiled at Jan. " I 've just seen the latest polls .
tr	NNS	Things would only get more dangerous from here on out .
tr	NN	The pup was way too young to make a kill , but how could she say no ?
tr	NNS	Our supplies are not going to last more than a day . "
tr	NNS	The gorillas did not respond .
tr	NNS	For whatever reason , the members of Charlotte 's odd menagerie wanted him to know their secrets .
tr	NNS	Faint drops of rain began to seep through the thick of tree branches above the clearing where Esther stood alone with the stranger .
tr	NNS	Never any strings attached -- grants are generous and always tax-exempt -- but the Council has always had a good eye .
tr	NNS	Dangerous Beans was watching the newcomer .
tr	NNS	Agents from the criminal enforcement division who 'd descended one morning on Hale Enterprises .
tr	NN	" The degree of consciousness , " Prudence mused .
tr	NN	And even if he was sincere , the novelty of a woman like Catherine would wear off fast for a man with the name Montgomery .
tr	NN	" My attorney should be in court right about now , assigning my business .
tr	NNS	Intense butterflies escalated as they traveled throughout her body before curling her toes .
tr	NN	Judging by the projectile , the bullet must 've hit the creature 's muzzle , but it seemed to disappear .
tr	NN	" Where 's your partner ? "
tr	NN	Jack 's partner got up and they started out of the restaurant .
tr	NNS	Their comic antics always entertained Zoe .
tr	NN	Her hands gripped his forearm , her nails gouged furrows into his skin .
tr	NN	" I did , my brave Son .
tr	NN	His soft chuckle broke through the silence draping over the dark room .
tr	NN	Whatever Anita had done wrong , cancer was punishment enough .
tr	NN	But the illumination didn 't extend to the end stalls .
tr	NNS	Those chains are secure .
tr	NN	Then a hatch shut and ... As he slid down the sticky steep flume , a distinct blue light reflected back at him from the near surface .
tr	NNS	Things often seemed different in daylight than when lying alone in the darkness , but caution wasn 't what kept her in her own bed .
tr	NN	Another jam session crumbled .
tr	NN	Munro was stalking around the perimeter of the camp , his clothing soaked to the chest by the wet foliage .
tr	NNS	Questions raced through his head .
tr	NNS	" Your crazy texts aren 't helping him and they obviously aren 't helping you either . "
tr	NN	Every time traveler learns early on to avoid that scenario .
tr	NNS	The many couples talked quietly , too .
tr	NNS	But this incredible , painful tightness was too much .
tr	NNS	These values are what separate the Gods from the Devil himself . "
tr	NNS	Two tongues of witch fire popped into existence .
tr	NN	Lie to them , play with them , tell them what they want to hear .
tr	NNS	That man 's brain functions like a computer . "
tr	NN	Good luck , " said the sergeant .
tr	NNS	Its thick steel bars dripped with moisture and its door stood wide open .
tr	NNS	Families of some of the miners pooled their money to get Father a coffin and a burial at a cemetery not too far from here .
tr	NNS	Cassius led me around to the back door .
tr	NN	The guilt practically drenches me , soaking into my skin How would I feel if someone came between Arlo and me in that way ?
tr	NNS	These clients are the ones you hope to get .
tr	NNS	Flames flickered and men 's bodies were all around him .
tr	NNS	I stood up , said the morning prayers with my arms outstretched .
tr	NN	The coroner and his assistants arrived in a coroner 's wagon , with a body bag .
tr	NNS	Now two swarms were looking in at the same time .
tr	NNS	There were five texts and a few missed calls from Reid , all from the last hour .
tr	NNS	My eyelids feel heavy , and I think to myself ... Just a little nap .
tr	NN	Her division runs smoothly , and the people love her .
tr	NNS	Her insecurities felt even more ridiculous when she spoke them out loud , but Lukas did not laugh , as she had expected .
tr	NN	Her tableside manner would need to be impeccable for her to get this job .
tr	NNS	On the other there were various sports going on .
tr	NN	A thin trickle of sweat rolls down my back .
tr	NNS	Others seemed more reserved and exchanged uneasy glances .
tr	NNS	The twin suns were about to break over the horizon and they would give enough light , to attack if need be .
tr	NNS	Slick roads and dreary weather often slowed it to a crawl .
tr	NN	Part of him wanted to pick up the phone and call , but he never found the will to do so .
tr	NNS	The villagers screamed in terror of the giant fox fiend .
tr	NN	" The district attorney has requested all my files on Fernando , and the Hope and Gowan cases .
tr	NNS	Hands free now . "
tr	NNS	In this world , the traitors face their doom fast .
tr	NN	Suddenly there was another large boom !
tr	NN	The bastard deserved it .
tr	NN	Your uncle can tell you all about the bush around here when he takes you to work with him in the morning . "
tr	NN	Part of me knew that was a very bad sign , but the rest of me didn 't care .
tr	NNS	And apparently no FBI types heard , because this was going off without a hitch .
tr	NNS	The werewolves started shouting then .
tr	NNS	Emergency provisions , in case I can 't catch any fish , " he joked , trying to lighten the mood .
tr	NN	The new maid is out for the day , so you 'll just have to look around .
tr	NN	Bowman 's swift , covert capture by the Order had been welcome , timely news , particularly coming on the very day of the peace summit .
tr	NNS	Lots of angry phone calls to the paper and my advisor , though .
tr	NNS	My efforts , however , are weak at best .
tr	NN	The policeman sat down beside her .
tr	NN	" Just slide off , " the medic said .
tr	NN	First division examines outside threats to the Empire .
tr	NN	A moment 's reflection convinced Felix that the Bushman had been in chase of a pheasant .
tr	NNS	The streetlights illuminated nothing more than a row of dark houses and shiny black asphalt .
tr	NNS	The two werewolves who held him hauled him back as he lunged toward Marcus .
tr	NN	' Your observation is exactly what I would want , ' she went on , ' but it changes my work .
tr	NN	" Who 's the second candidate ? "
tr	NN	But then the pilot strode from the cockpit .
tr	NNS	" My first instincts were yes .
tr	NN	" The basketball phenom ? "
tr	NNS	My eyelids drifted closed , my body finally taking over my thoughts .
tr	NN	' Just a routine call .
tr	NNS	" And the uniforms have guarded it since we were called in .
tr	NN	Love gazed at the contents and then John .
tr	NNS	Where are the survival instincts ? "
tr	NNS	Patterned squares of mahogany covered the floor .
tr	NN	" I 'm Tommy , " responded the shooter sticking his right fist out for knuckle bumps from Lex and Ricky .
tr	NNS	Hands seized hold of me and pulled me out of the stairwell .
tr	NNS	" The facts of the place . "
tr	NN	My grandmother does , too . "
tr	NN	Part of her wanted to hide out in her dark but familiar motel room until she remembered .
tr	NN	" In addition , the Australian government has agreed to take the criminal gangs that were captured during the recent chaos . "
tr	NNS	All other races are dead to us . "
tr	NN	Next best option was Cathy , but where was she ?
tr	NNS	It was something so normal , something couples did every day .
tr	NN	Of course , my constant gasping and inability to breathe when I was around him might have been a bit of a giveaway .
tr	NNS	Therefore in a medal competition , for results purposes only , ladies add these 2 adjustments shots to their handicaps to lower their net score .
tr	NNS	There were two full stockings hanging from the mantelpiece .
tr	NNS	Her aspirations included marrying Eric and moving to San Francisco .
tr	NN	" Drinks are a cop-out , " the ex-girlfriend of my old friend said .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of Anna rushed through Steven 's mind , and he decided his brother might be right .
tr	NNS	Things couldn 't have gone any better .
tr	NNS	Even his cheekbones and jaw were sharp and definitive , giving him an older , commanding look .
tr	NN	Tell them you didn 't see the messages , your tablet was off , whatever you have to tell them .
tr	NN	Plastic surgery had changed her appearance , but her eyes were still the same .
tr	NNS	On the horizon beyond the town , the hills sat in a ring , like friendly trolls around a camp fire .
tr	NNS	So many trials endured .
tr	NN	After all these years , the lack of respect from the other Elder Gods still brought a smile to his face .
tr	NN	The vampire 's shriek of despair echoed through the cemetery so that the bats rose up into the air in great clouds .
tr	NNS	Others sound bigger , but they won 't close as long as we can find dry wood for a fire .
tr	NN	Opening the crate is simple as it 's only tied with two pieces of ancient string .
tr	NN	The mirror 's prognosis was not good ; I was a total mess .
tr	NN	The only limit to the propagation of new entities would be computing power .
tr	NN	The tall fish tank in the corner was bright with tropical fish .
tr	NN	The prow smashed nose first into the swell , and the main deck , moments ago a stately , horizontal surface , upended .
tr	NN	An exercise that helped me focus and it also strengthened my power and control .
tr	NN	A log gently crackled in the fireplace giving off a warm glow to the hand-carved furniture and rich silk tapestries .
tr	NN	His hip was still bloody although it did seem to have stopped bleeding .
tr	NN	His posture gave him an air of confidence when in truth he was fighting the urge to slug the man before him .
tr	NN	The lord twirled his fingers in a fluid motion and in a second there appeared a severed head hanging from his hair by the immortal 's hand .
tr	NN	In its hilt bloomed a fiery rose of light .
tr	NNS	Girls don 't like it when boys don 't want to have sex with them . "
tr	NNS	Animals that could turn human and back again , Oh what fun we can have with them !
tr	NN	The term was familiar but she had no memory of how to do it .
tr	NN	Coral 's mistress represented a considerable force .
tr	NNS	The specialists didn 't seem embarrassed having been unravelled nor did this make them reticent .
tr	NN	I ' l keep it casual , not like tonight .
tr	NNS	Unseen insects and doubtless other creatures clattered and scuttled away from him .
tr	NN	" Before we begin our welcome meal , the principal of the school would like to meet you .
tr	NNS	" What resources yeh talkin ' about ? "
tr	NNS	Doors lined the corridor on either side , and tubular chrome sconces lit the walls at intervals .
tr	NN	The lack of certainty was slowly killing him .
tr	NNS	Curious about the contents of the water , Ryan headed towards the point where the beach and the river met with the lowest reaches of the mountain .
tr	NN	The last idiot nearly cost his career chasing the target .
tr	NNS	Glass cases and shelves lined the walls , filled with hundreds of objects .
tr	NN	The spider didn 't answer .
tr	NN	His partner , Jobe , a damn good cop , had put his weapon on the balcony floor and raised his hands to save Diego 's life .
tr	NN	Somehow the machinery went wrong and a Rational mind got into an Emotional body .
tr	NN	A cart moved before the balcony , holding the shackled perpetrators of the attacks .
tr	NNS	Her other abilities were much the same as mine . "
tr	NN	Waiting in the sitting room , the captain came in to greet her .
tr	NN	My wing is ready to assist and defend . "
tr	NNS	The signs of his dissipated vivacity do creep through , in unexpected ways .
tr	NN	Otherwise the contract between the Wizard and the Apprentice is void .
tr	NNS	His family jewels tended to get threatened at least once a week it seemed .
tr	NN	" And quite frankly , your meddling is only hurting him more . "
tr	NNS	The drums appeared both snappy like Stewart Copeland 's yet huge like Jon Bonham 's .
tr	NN	My misery must have shown , because Sophia stopped chopping onions long enough to give me a tight hug .
tr	NNS	Kids ' paintings are all of this place ?
tr	NN	" And the winner of today 's Too Good To Be True contest is ... " " I 'm serious , Rory .
tr	NN	Kick boxing is not it .
tr	NN	" One attorney stole from his client .
tr	NNS	Their stomachs were full , but both agreed to the drink .
tr	NN	" I asked you a question , " said the policeman .
tr	NN	And now the surgeon fell silent .
tr	NN	There was no sympathy in her voice ; it was only an observation .
tr	NN	But his inability to speak Chinese gave him few options .
tr	NN	The pilot kept shambling .
tr	NN	The tickling made her wriggle her shoulders .
tr	NNS	" My apologies , " he said .
tr	NNS	The soft cushions enveloped me , reminding me of how little sleep I 'd had .
tr	NNS	Waves whipped high onto the beach across the bay as she scanned the scene .
tr	NNS	" Your designs are so extraordinary , whatever you already have planned for the show will outshine your competitors .
tr	NNS	The trials and tribulations , the feats and defeats of all humanity , would be as naught with the onset of oblivion .
tr	NN	The pepperoni and sausage glistened .
tr	NNS	A few band posters hung on the walls , which were painted a deep blue .
tr	NNS	One neat toss had the rope and hook over the balcony wall .
tr	NNS	The cliffs were too steep to beach the armada for the night .
tr	NNS	The crew members popped back in the tubes , materializing on demand .
tr	NN	There 's no way that Zeke will beat him , " another student shares .
tr	NNS	My survival instincts kicked in and I dug deep .
tr	NNS	Alas , my Fox Hill credentials weren 't likely to spark interest from the Landmark .
tr	NN	As he watched , an eyelid swished rapidly across the eyeball and back again .
tr	NN	In this case , getting them to buy seminars , open trading accounts etc. .
tr	NNS	There were no witnesses to see her taken .
tr	NNS	" You ladies look lovely tonight .
tr	NNS	His kisses had made her forget everything except his mouth , his hands , and his very large penis .
tr	NNS	" Your Highness , I do not believe you have ever met my wife .
tr	NN	A moment later his secretary came in .
tr	NN	Their clothing was rich and fine , their words were educated , but their skin did not glow .
tr	NN	A dart just went past me .
tr	NNS	There were numerous five-star restaurants around the hotel and the food was excellent .
tr	NNS	" There are two Guardians of the second order down there .
tr	NN	' I heard there were other kinds of mutations as well as their eyes and skin , ' another student added .
tr	NNS	Girls had started flocking to him from the time he was in junior high .
tr	NN	Not that whispering helped in this crowd .
tr	NNS	Aurelius pulled me against him and hugged me close .
tr	NNS	The builders were good enough to make this place with two bedrooms and Bo has moved right in , Boss . "
tr	NNS	Mr. Thomas 's pupils doubled in size .
tr	NN	There was even a log where his birth mother chronicled the miraculous way she met his father .
tr	NNS	Thursday 's classes sucked .
tr	NN	He could have been here an hour ago , " replied the former Air Force pilot not getting up .
tr	NNS	Some girlfriends suggested I tag along with them , but out of false pride I refused .
tr	NNS	There 's a lot more videos of a lot more than kittens and there are also games . "
tr	NNS	Her footprints vanished in the squishy grass as quickly as she made them .
tr	NNS	Thankfully the batteries still worked .
tr	NN	The duke , hearing of the warrant , sent to my lodgings that evening and summoned me to call upon him at his country home immediately .
tr	NN	But the discovery was unlike anything he expected .
tr	NN	That hatred will increase over the centuries , not diminish .
tr	NNS	No one shares my candy stash , least of all a Clone Wars reject sure to earn me a demotion .
tr	NNS	The cells on Sector 7 are very clean .
tr	NNS	Chartres threw himself onto a chair beside his sister .
tr	NN	She would be cast out of the heavens , her immortality stripped , her wings ripped from her back .
tr	NN	One highway split the town down the middle and then smaller streets connected Main Street to the quaint neighborhoods that branched out from the central hub .
tr	NN	His gawking was almost embarrassing .
tr	NNS	' The central safety protocols activated before I could stop him , or them .
tr	NNS	" Things might get a little heated . "
tr	NNS	Flynn fights with such ferocity , his opponents seem to cower before him .
tr	NNS	His warriors heard the commands , but they were not eager to expose themselves to a deadly arrow .
tr	NN	Thus felt a degree of gratitude .
tr	NNS	Images of heroic scenarios raced through my mind like scenes from an action movie .
tr	NN	The goblin leader grunted and drew the sword .
tr	NN	5 Mab paused , almost as if she were posing to let everyone in the room get a good look at her in all her glory .
tr	NN	On the side was a small swept back wing .
tr	NN	the captain of the Pearl asked in a desperate voice .
tr	NN	The spark showed in her eyes .
tr	NNS	And those wolves are about to find out why we were the top of the food chain for thousands of years . "
tr	NN	Still , revenge had been too sweet to ignore .
tr	NN	There was a clear and frozen dawn in Moscow and daylight across much of Russia .
tr	NN	Chance stepped closer to me , tugging lightly on one of my braids .
tr	NN	The hunger that he felt for her had only grown since he 'd escaped from his prison at Genesis .
tr	NNS	There were three rows of these uniformed personnel come to meet with us , security and some administrative personnel .
tr	NNS	" Where are the supplies you stole ? "
tr	NN	And the redhead who 'd taken Ryder 's blood - She managed to turn her head and lock her gaze on him .
tr	NN	The first challenge was the cold .
tr	NNS	Rags whined while I tried to soothe him .
tr	NN	" We checked , " the agent said .
tr	NNS	How can one Jewel act like it 's many Jewels ?
tr	NNS	My species expresses something more than emotional messages with physical contact .
tr	NN	" What does your master want with me ? "
tr	NN	In one motion the knight burst from the thicket hard upon them .
tr	NNS	Reapers like to do as much damage as possible at one time . "
tr	NN	" There is a pulse .
tr	NNS	And besides that my instincts burned inside me like road flares .
tr	NN	Ok , yeah , so I was playing this Elvis song for my friends and some teacher heard it and blew a gasket .
tr	NN	My explanation about why Rome was chosen to reanimate Rei holds up on many levels .
tr	NNS	The stakes weren 't in the front pocket .
tr	NNS	The colors are so bright and the environment so rich with stimulus that just having one 's eyes open is like exercise .
tr	NNS	The old mattress that had been her bed for as long as she could remember squeaked at the movement .
tr	NN	The aunts wil take care of them from there . "
tr	NNS	Folks say there 's creeks an ' streams crisscrossing that entire area all year round .
tr	NNS	There her wispy trails of smoke merged with a magical fog layered over the players .
tr	NN	My grandmother said it quietly , placing her arm around my mom 's shoulder .
tr	NN	" In fact , the chat is about her . "
tr	NN	" The pendant can 't come off Evangeline yet and I need the pendant to release Veronique . "
tr	NN	Tonight that partner happened to be Drew .
tr	NNS	I walked toward the door , my footsteps muffled by thick sculpted carpet .
tr	NN	Shredded and bloodied , my white tank hardly covered me .
tr	NNS	More blue arcs raced down the pole , met the map and created spectacular red sparks .
tr	NNS	Once we were off the main road , streetlights became scarce until it seemed like the darkness had swallowed us .
tr	NNS	Lights flickered and shadows moved .
tr	NNS	All the memory chips were turning to powder . "
tr	NNS	Courtney Cole 55 With My Last Breath , Book Three As I snuggled deeper into Lucan 's arms the strangeness of my current situation hit me .
tr	NN	A faint tremor raced through her at his touch , and his heart quickened as she reached out to tongue and moisten her lips .
tr	NNS	The Rus leaders were adamant about military training .
tr	NN	The sentence remained incomplete as a number of power tools fell from the top of the breeze blocks Brick stood beneath .
tr	NNS	But appearances no longer mattered and the opinions of others had become irrelevant .
tr	NNS	" Others are coming .
tr	NNS	The assembled pirates burst into hoards of laughter .
tr	NNS	On the other screens were images of the smaller room where they 'd found the robots .
tr	NN	The courtyard is empty .
tr	NNS	" Things didn 't work out between us . "
tr	NNS	In the wooded area nearby , colours flashed as birds swooped between branches , alighted , called , and flew again .
tr	NNS	According to most legitimate channels , gang fights , animal attacks , and natural disasters were occurring more frequently .
tr	NN	With the Need gone , her personality has shifted into something much darker .
tr	NNS	The detectives sat on the couch while I perched on the edge of the La-Z-Boy .
tr	NNS	From the earth came the few small movements of Loyalty , its seeds sprouting already .
tr	NN	His physical condition had deteriorated even further from the last time David had seen him .
tr	NN	She loved the St. Regis , a legendary landmark smack in the heart of Manhattan , a stone 's throw from Central Park .
tr	NNS	Some villagers recognized the description and pointed me in the right direction .
tr	NN	The weakness and hoarseness of her voice surprised her .
tr	NNS	Last night their kisses had been rough , caught up in the delirium of their passion .
tr	NN	The dragon had been odor-free , a condition made possible only by the mask .
tr	NN	My folk are quite terrified .
tr	NN	The sweater was too loose to offer much protection from the cool , evening air , but she couldn 't wear a Jennifer Marsh coat .
tr	NN	Celestino 's calm manner unnerved the demon .
tr	NN	The spotlight dims and focuses on a stool on the stage , just as I had instructed the lighting tech to do .
tr	NNS	There were seven pills missing from the Justice Rayburn 's bottle ; six pills were found in Hannah Sheraton 's room .
tr	NN	K was starting to sweat , the policeman now seemed to be nodding .
tr	NN	There 's no justice ! '
tr	NNS	Others were living their life while they could , never sure when or where they would be in days to come .
tr	NNS	Like I said , there are serious personality changes with the drug .
tr	NNS	The craggy peaks were the domain of demons , and were to be avoided lest one risk the corruption of his soul .
tr	NNS	Her fingers sifted through his hair , her blues eyes warm and appreciative .
tr	NN	A few cursing , groaning , moaning thrusts later , and I laid her back , pulling her h * ps forward .
tr	NN	The first email was from her bank .
tr	NNS	The Virgin Soldiers were swift and bustling but all of them amazingly calm .
tr	NNS	" The shots , of course , " He muttered to himself , shaking his head that he hadn 't thought of it sooner .
tr	NN	A crown of stars orbited about her head .
tr	NN	Besides being scorched by the flames , the skeleton of the chopper was still in relatively good shape .
tr	NNS	Things have gotten a lot worse .
tr	NNS	" All the visits to the hospital emergency service and all the broken bones are listed , likely with a few other notes and observations .
tr	NNS	The seats go back in a row instead of across .
tr	NN	" What 's the challenge ? "
tr	NN	So the outline of the plan became clear to all and accepted by all -- get the angry men out into the open .
tr	NN	" Ok " replied Steve frustrated .
tr	NNS	A little envious , Grace watched them walk off .
tr	NNS	" Hmmm , " Alec murmurs , his gaze searing me all the way to my soul .
tr	NN	The old priest shrugged .
tr	NN	Cargo bay 's full , so if you don 't mind , squeeze that baby of yours between the seats . "
tr	NNS	The creatures scattered in different directions .
tr	NN	Unfortunately , the worn , faded denim lovingly hugged Mike 's muscular thighs and tight ass .
tr	NNS	Looks like it 's a nice early morning walk for me .
tr	NN	This stone tablet could be even older .
tr	NN	Below the poster was a stack of brochures with the same caption and picture .
tr	NNS	The dwarves groaned , but still Bilbo stood almost without moving .
tr	NN	The sharp tap came again , and more annoyance filled me .
tr	NN	Mikhail 's soft growl of satisfaction rumbled in his throat , sent a thrill of excitement leaping in her blood .
tr	NN	Noel gripped the edge of the coffee table , his posture suddenly rigid .
tr	NNS	In the top left-hand space there were the letters 'S .
tr	NN	An amused snort sounded from the other side of the bed .
tr	NNS	Folks bent the rules for " Us " , but not for " Them " .
tr	NN	her uncle said behind her , unable to hide the nerves in his voice .
tr	NNS	" Others have not been so fortunate .
tr	NNS	The cameras would be able to see everything but record nothing .
tr	NN	" This angel may have the answers I need . "
tr	NNS	The posters are all the same .
tr	NNS	No designers would be asking her to make a guest appearance on their shows , but it worked for now .
tr	NN	' Can all the media turn against us ? '
tr	NN	" Yes , misery loves company . "
tr	NNS	" Where have the credits gone ? "
tr	NNS	The slivers of pale moonlight blazed much brighter ahead .
tr	NNS	Like diving too deep in water , the abyss pressed against him , pressed against his mind .
tr	NNS	The forests of Viper Country began to get thinner and thinner as we walked .
tr	NN	" Ok , if you 're satisfied , then I guess that is ok .
tr	NN	At the apex of the dome was a massive metal fan that spun slowly in its circular setting .
tr	NNS	When they reached the gangway , two more goons stepped out of The Owner and stood on the gangway .
tr	NNS	Flowers and fine food were the order of the day .
tr	NN	Like much of Germany , our soil can be fruitful and the forests are plentiful .
tr	NN	Just a few minutes quiet observation was all I needed . '
tr	NN	So grandma had me pack some bags and we took a carriage to where your dad was living .
tr	NN	There was an old cupboard in the kitchen and it would provide an ideal place to store it .
tr	NNS	" No buts , Mason , please .
tr	NNS	The drapes were tightly closed against the afternoon sun .
tr	NN	A certain gleam filled his eyes when I nodded .
tr	NN	This new and improved scenario was less satisfying .
tr	NN	The creep took it as encouragement and moved to reconnect his headset .
tr	NNS	Images vanished , but the smell didn 't go away .
tr	NN	The cart bearing her picked up speed .
tr	NN	A roar resounded from his lips as the white and purple haired man got covered in dung .
tr	NNS	Flames and sheets of lightning began to rain down at her , but she held her ground .
tr	NNS	Flames were dangerously close now , eating up part of the doorframe and the carpet below .
tr	NN	Possibly alone , a captive of a psycho freak like the Elder .
tr	NN	The gas would have to be absorbed into their bodies in a completely different way , perhaps through their skin .
tr	NN	" My true genius is chemistry .
tr	NN	" A casualty of battle . "
tr	NNS	Barnabas said before he took a long drink out of a jewel encrusted goblet .
tr	NN	A just leader would celebrate this , not seek to unravel it . "
tr	NN	Death and Darkness reigned . "
tr	NNS	Some pupils especially girls stopped to stare at her , wondering who she was .
tr	NN	A loud whistle drew our attention back up to the edge high above .
tr	NNS	The consequences I might face didn 't register as I walked away , not because they didn 't matter , but because I no longer cared .
tr	NN	I looked to Justin for his response and found him staring at me , a cocky smile on his face .
tr	NN	The first sergeant glared when there were snickers from the ranks , but finished his monologue as required .
tr	NN	" Arguing , " the witness corrected .
tr	NNS	These factors automatically bread jealousy and envy because their best years were behind them .
tr	NN	Smashed my bookcase , shattered the window in my room , pulverized the sliding glass door .
tr	NNS	But the seas are deep and I can 't swim over , And neither more have I wings to fly .
tr	NN	The senator pauses some seconds as he observes us .
tr	NN	Soon after , the chatter and data sharing died down as the auctioneer and her assistants entered and stepped behind the podium on the dais .
tr	NNS	Her footsteps faded on the stairs .
tr	NN	The referee ended the count and the bell ringed , announcing the end of the match .
tr	NNS	Others recognize that humans are greater than the sum of their parts .
tr	NNS	The edges of her vision blurred as fire raced down her spine and the muscles in her tight channel pulsed .
tr	NNS	My eyelids snapped open and I was being pulled up , a comforting hand in mine , a pair of blue eyes staring worriedly down at me .
tr	NN	At these moments a distinct unease always settles around me .
tr	NNS	When you 're scared like that , all the stores and all the turns begin to look the same .
tr	NNS	" You know , some creatures don 't care about this world of yours .
tr	NNS	When the teams finally lined up for the opening kick , both sidelines were hopping with nerves and the crowd was crazy .
tr	NN	A blush tinted my cheeks .
tr	NNS	The fumes of the oil were becoming stronger and the men passed out .
tr	NNS	The Officials aren 't the worst thing about Shepherd 's Bush , though .
tr	NN	Not mesh cages , but ones that looked like dog carriers , only much bigger . "
tr	NN	Thinking of Sidney again made me shiver .
tr	NNS	Things never really came back to normal .
tr	NNS	There were only five factories in the land , one for each Field .
tr	NNS	He hung his head , as if the words he wanted to say had not come and all he could offer were false comforts .
tr	NN	Every hardship I had to endure was worth it .
tr	NN	As Tom reached the door the first skeleton rose .
tr	NN	The Jeep then proceeded to drift another two feet to the left , pinning me underneath .
tr	NN	" Va bene , " said the captain .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of her mom and her dad and her sister flashed through her mind .
tr	NNS	My sharp , killer instincts sensed the gasping expressions on the twelve faces of the jurors .
tr	NNS	Flowers now bordered the sidewalk and Ava recalled Tessa talking about the new flowers .
tr	NNS	The hobbits sat down again , but they said nothing to one another of their thoughts and doubts .
tr	NNS	Bickel 's challenging ideas had goaded them to this effort and now all of them were poised , sprinters waiting for the gun .
tr	NNS	Female companions dotted the floor like colorful snowflakes , fallen onto darker ground .
tr	NN	" A broken hip 's a lot worse than the flu , Mitchell . "
tr	NNS	His breeches were also clean and the shoes on his feet lavishly polished .
tr	NNS	Looks like Bob didn 't have the heart to change it .
tr	NNS	Marius reached over and held the wheel as the woman nimbly climbed over the center console and into the passenger 's seat .
tr	NN	There was no community fanfare for the returning hero as in the past .
tr	NNS	The hexagonal tiles beneath the vessel were glowing in response to the radiation and the Proteus was itself ablaze from within and without .
tr	NNS	Plans were already in motion for Royce to visit Seattle the following month .
tr	NN	Without waiting for his answer , the girl pivoted and continued her trek , the spray tube clutched in her right hand like a grenade .
tr	NNS	Officials had effectively directed everything back on track .
tr	NN	" I know , " the sheriff said .
tr	NNS	Folks around here say I 'm a matchmaker , but that 's not really what I do .
tr	NNS	Alphas have been around like for a very long time .
tr	NN	The pilot wore the only set of earphones .
tr	NN	To her surprise , only a thin strip of sunlight gleamed through the trees .
tr	NNS	The duchess turned then , lifting her aristocratic brows , waiting .
tr	NNS	The chains groaned against their load , but for a few moments the cart continued to trundle along the ground .
tr	NNS	Two spaces away is a Chevy four-door truck .
tr	NNS	There were no specific religious trappings to the place .
tr	NNS	The creatures looked ready to come to blows .
tr	NN	There was also a tray of crackers and cheese waiting for her and hot cider steaming on the stove .
tr	NNS	Your exhaust trails should be now out of sight of the naked eye . "
tr	NN	The tail twitched between the sea monster 's lips .
tr	NN	I think we can dispense with all that , ' said the king briskly .
tr	NN	The hidden canoe would be all right as would the remaining plastic drums even if the river rose , which I figured it , would .
tr	NN	" Where 's the chip ? "
tr	NNS	" The facts are that we were put into cottages next door to each other .
tr	NNS	At only a few months of togetherness , the band members still had not meshed , totally .
tr	NN	The tip of the ship hung like a massive shadowy hatchet in the storm overhead , waiting to fall .
tr	NN	Chance moved , a ripple of menace .
tr	NN	There 's an up-and-coming heart surgeon working out of Portland University .
tr	NNS	Folks took up to a year deciding on a baby 's name to be sure they found one that matched the child 's personality .
tr	NN	My greeting to Mike proved it .
tr	NN	The young knight struggled to catch his breath .
tr	NNS	Diggs continued studying the photos , but my attention had shifted back to Hammond .
tr	NNS	There were murmurs of surprise .
tr	NN	Or lightning fast metabolism . "
tr	NN	Crouching , just in case , and keeping still as he instinctively checked his weapons , the traveler kept watching .
tr	NNS	Cars roared by on Main , indifferent to his internal anguish .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , the mountain dwarves are not very good at passing silently , especially when loaded down with weapons .
tr	NNS	Even the legends were growing vague .
tr	NNS	Looks like a cold .
tr	NNS	Some seats had opened up at the table , so we avoided that drama the second time around .
tr	NN	" Yes , partner Elijah . "
tr	NNS	" Fellow colleagues , the map you see before you and the dots reflected upon it represent the general locations and current status of the bunker systems .
tr	NN	" Then why does this entire rebellion revolve around playing cards ? "
tr	NN	" Oh ... " The ambassador 's voice was more like a whimper , and I hated myself for bringing my trouble to his doorway .
tr	NN	Another difficulty we get if we believe God to be in time is this .
tr	NN	A parked bus beeped and the driver hung out the window , and hollered something .
tr	NNS	Virtually all scholars of antiquity agree that Jesus existed .
tr	NN	The last sentence was a shout .
tr	NN	So the colonel is generous in times of need .
tr	NN	Helen 's giggle brought a lift to Selma 's lips .
tr	NNS	His fellow villagers did the same , driven by the belief that this was a safeguard for their stupid penny businesses .
tr	NNS	Elias emptied the clip and then flung the gun to the ground .
tr	NNS	Our pursuers kept passing in and out of earshot .
tr	NNS	Reyes ignored them all .
tr	NN	The dragon appeared to hear him .
tr	NNS	The wolves and their barbarian companions were all wearing some form of armor - what looked like aprons fitted with steel plates .
tr	NNS	Some few seals had failed , but only perhaps three of the lot , and two of these contained porcelain which was only dampened and not spoilt .
tr	NNS	Dogs were so damn smart , especially Cain 's dogs .
tr	NNS	If the universe is not governed by an absolute goodness , then all our efforts are in the long run hopeless .
tr	NN	The Polish lieutenant who approached the driver 's window asked for their papers .
tr	NNS	The streetlights did little to illuminate the attackers , and I felt the sting of a needle just before a bag was shoved over my head .
tr	NN	The inspector added another lump of sugar and stirred his tea .
tr	NN	It was , no pun intended , an extremely shitty day .
tr	NN	The captain let the silence hang in the air for an uncomfortably long time before he saw fit to break it .
tr	NNS	Without blood , vamps would turn to dust .
tr	NNS	Things had gone from worse to unimaginable .
tr	NNS	Dealing cards called to his soul , but a bunch of sore losers and drunks had remained at his table to torture him .
tr	NN	Throughout the night my earlier resolve ebbed and flowed .
tr	NNS	" My trusted servants have been keeping tabs on you since your very untimely birth . "
tr	NNS	There were four of them , standard store-bought items made of painted steel .
tr	NN	A choked chuckle came from the blond .
tr	NNS	There are areas of my life where you cannot intrude .
tr	NN	There was something nagging at me , though .
tr	NNS	The scales of calm had tipped to swirling chaos .
tr	NNS	And these black stockings topped with faux leopard are turning me on .
tr	NN	There was no hatch to the second room , so he returned to the hallway and floated into the second hatch farther down .
tr	NN	His absence had worried her more than she would have thought .
tr	NN	" Well kids , it is getting late , don 't forget that you have school tomorrow , " her grandma said gently .
tr	NN	" The old folk need their rest more then we do . "
tr	NN	My reflection was different .
tr	NNS	Within days of the last rain the edges of the burrow entrance holes hardened like clay brick .
tr	NN	The only consolation was that the gunman was getting equally wet .
tr	NNS	" Cars are picky sometimes . "
tr	NNS	Parts of the walls were eroding around them .
tr	NNS	Little sculptures of judges made of bronze and wood .
tr	NNS	Curious to see if I can manipulate them .
tr	NN	She could feel it , the hunger , the desire washing through her with a slow molten burn .
tr	NN	Sofie 's bewilderment seemed authentic .
tr	NN	The cocky politician continues his speech , " I think most of ya ´ ll know what I ´ m talking about . "
tr	NN	His suffering would be much worse if he were awake .
tr	NN	The spider quickly wrapped the insect in silk , broke it into pieces , and shot some kind of juice inside it .
tr	NNS	Her texts always brightened my day .
tr	NN	That sliver of love for David was part of her now .
tr	NN	The spider was completely out of the pit now , moving awkwardly toward him , the pin still in its body .
tr	NNS	In the distance , sirens descended toward this location .
tr	NN	From a distance the crate had appeared abandoned and he paid no attention to the busy Bees circling him when he sat upon it .
tr	NN	Every inch of her body screamed out in protest but nothing seemed to be broken .
tr	NNS	Chills shot up my spine .
tr	NNS	The other Shifter leaders had started forward , a few of them half shifting .
tr	NN	The majority of them she sent off to go and scrounge supplies for her .
tr	NNS	Rapid footsteps sounded above our heads and a shadow appeared against the patch of blue sky visible through the jagged hole in the roof .
tr	NNS	Things weren 't the greatest between him and Julie .
tr	NN	Her vacation had certainly become far more interesting since she had decided to go for a swim .
tr	NN	The smells of horses and mules reached her , and she wrinkled her nose .
tr	NN	His pulse was fascinating .
tr	NN	" Well , your candidate certainly is .
tr	NNS	The crashes in the sky were bombs thrown by a man that you must stay away from .
tr	NNS	Her foolish fears were running away from her .
tr	NN	The market sucks here right now .
tr	NN	From it spilled a silver liquid that made a narrow stream .
tr	NN	The mechanized infantry 's control sergeant shuffled along with the group of armed robots .
tr	NNS	I tiptoe forward , butterflies stirring awake in my stomach .
tr	NN	As the prickling spread over his body , a psychological assault began .
tr	NN	" If Jon 's gone or caught , the manifest is , too . "
tr	NNS	The suits , meetings , travel .
tr	NNS	Marius whooped loudly from the first buggy as the vehicle slammed down and regained traction .
tr	NNS	The chances of her choosing you ... Well , let 's just say they are remote . "
tr	NN	The realisation hits me with a dull thud .
tr	NNS	Lights from the highway come into view as Jonathan continues to call to me .
tr	NN	The melody was hypnotic and unlike anything he had heard before .
tr	NNS	The cosmos does not nurture life .
tr	NN	The tip of the mound collapsed as a granular river cascaded down the side .
tr	NN	The supreme has arrived .
tr	NN	There was a wicket twinkle playing in her eyes as she added walking out the door , " Dance with us for summer solstice .
tr	NN	The older blacksmith came around to face them , glaring irritably .
tr	NNS	Dogs growled over offal ; servants gutted the catch and loaded it onto carts .
tr	NN	" My loyalty and my sword arm on your side weren 't enough .
tr	NN	Inside she found a granite carving of a ram , attached to a thin iron chain .
tr	NNS	The fountains weren 't playing now , but she 'd liked the one of Apollo 's chariot and horses .
tr	NNS	There were footsteps and a figure in a hurry walking toward the cannons .
tr	NNS	There were sporadic blasts of puzzle gas to pacify her and hold her over until the next burst .
tr	NNS	The drapes were closed , as they were when Daniel visited the room earlier .
tr	NNS	" Your pupils seem even .
tr	NN	A whistle echoed back , and she faced upwards to see a tall man with long blond hair brushing his shoulders walking down smoothly .
tr	NNS	The footsteps start again .
tr	NNS	The signs of our ordeal were still visible on him .
tr	NN	The bitch was back in town , and she was not alone .
tr	NNS	Two rows of tractors stood out front .
tr	NNS	The colors were a little less subtle and the contours of the faces were a little plastic .
tr	NNS	Their tongues tangled together , breath mingled and her soft sighs gave him all the encouragement he could have wanted .
tr	NN	The first page inside the folder had four names of victims listed , along with the name of the bar where they 'd last been seen .
tr	NN	Part of me wondered , as I ducked beneath it , if he 'd drop it on me .
tr	NNS	Our brave warriors are depending upon us to take action on their behalf .
tr	NN	The pigeon guided us on down the track .
tr	NNS	Huge marble fountains sprayed sparkling water ; black rose petals drifted onto the surface .
tr	NNS	Sirens and flashing lights filled the air .
tr	NN	" Enjoy your rambling , Iona , and you and Boyle have a care as well .
tr	NNS	Other doorways led off to neighboring rooms , and a narrow staircase climbed up to a second level .
tr	NN	" Your bags should have arrived by now , " chimed the maid , Henrietta , in a musical British accent .
tr	NNS	There was so much to do and see , the museums and theatres always thrilled her with their variety .
tr	NNS	So letters and phone calls are not possible for us .
tr	NNS	There are many galaxies , some larger than Gerald , some smaller , none older .
tr	NN	There 's another factor we must address in conjunction with this one . "
tr	NNS	Things had just taken a massive twisted turn .
tr	NN	If my mama could see me now ... " and she chuckled , the captain grinned sheepishly .
tr	NN	His planned route had never considered a final destination , only the goal of escape .
tr	NNS	All the full-time servants are older .
tr	NNS	There were letters from Isaac , scribbles from Ruth and long epistles from Alexander .
tr	NN	" You are such fools , " continued the egomaniacal actor .
tr	NNS	Your sales are the only thing between us and bankruptcy .
tr	NNS	Reyes asked , probably unaware Legion was picturing him splayed on a silver platter , knife and fork optional .
tr	NNS	Looks can be deceiving .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared and his cheeks flushed , obvious signs he was angry at my lack of capitulation .
tr	NN	Her naked honesty was so unlike his normal , guarded speech .
tr	NNS	The locations are . . "
tr	NN	" Go is an ancient Japanese game , " the player said without looking up .
tr	NN	The gargantuan reptile flipped her away , sending her tumbling down the street .
tr	NN	An indecent thrill sent chill bumps racing across her belly as the gown inched higher .
tr	NNS	There were still fights to be had .
tr	NNS	After two more runs , the dolphins mingled freely with Kate and Jason , buffeting them about on the grass , nudging them impatiently along the channels .
tr	NN	Your aid is ours , to restore a new machine .
tr	NN	As usual , Nik 's reasoning made sense , but it didn 't stop Ice from waking up grumpy this morning .
tr	NN	A hawk whisked past her ear , so close that her skin tingled .
tr	NNS	The rats were watching him .
tr	NN	The suspect looked young , handsome but gaunt , with brown hair and just a patch of beard on his chin .
tr	NNS	" The bars are just for show . "
tr	NN	Then the operator intoned in , " I will put you through .
tr	NN	The back page of the booklet , however , was empty .
tr	NN	This receptionist wasn 't the same man but he wore the same dark business suit and could have been his brother .
tr	NNS	Things look much different than they are , and I don 't blame you for wanting to protect her .
tr	NN	The clothing on these legs was of much higher quality than the ones surrounding it .
tr	NNS	Moses laughs and keeps the gun steady .
tr	NN	George 's passion for gardening was evident even in the winter months .
tr	NNS	Words that will brush off his concern form on my lips , but I can 't say them .
tr	NNS	The entire bunker had been raked , no footprints , not a blemish in the sand other than the parallel marks made by the rake .
tr	NNS	What the heck is this ... a suspicious persons report .
tr	NN	Link grabbed her shoulders .
tr	NNS	She stirred , her eyelids fluttered open .
tr	NN	" And who was your previous employer ? "
tr	NNS	The countess removed her glasses and fogged the lenses before swiping an embroidered handkerchief over the glass .
tr	NN	" Your mommy posted bail .
tr	NNS	Sadness filled his eyes as he nodded .
tr	NNS	Sal 's aunts were the first to leave , then his brothers and eventually Victoria and Thomas with their boys left , leaving Laci alone with Sal .
tr	NN	Her lack of trust distressed him , and the situation no longer seemed amusing .
tr	NN	" A personal audience with the Five Mystics of Angels ? "
tr	NN	The missing factor from this healing was Sean .
tr	NNS	" There are mines ?
tr	NN	The black reflection in the store window told her that she hadn 't just been imagining the threat .
tr	NNS	There are ghosts here , can 't help but be .
tr	NNS	Things will sometimes fall through the cracks .
tr	NNS	And there were other dynamics .
tr	NN	His appetite had disappeared thirty seconds into the story anyway .
tr	NN	The same petty struggles of all life , everywhere .
tr	NN	The first female partner kneels . "
tr	NNS	Two screens showed views inside the grounds , including one of the in-ground pool , with its submerged blue light shining eerily up into the night .
tr	NNS	" My servants will convey you and your companions to safe quarters , and we shall consider this matter further on the morrow . "
tr	NNS	Janet 's skills rivaled those of Emeril , but she was also addicted to soap operas and had a flat screen in the kitchen .
tr	NNS	Chills ran along my spine , settling at the nape of my neck , as he began to circle me .
tr	NN	The ugly , yellow hound inched forward until he paused in front of her .
tr	NN	Like with the Word , the prophecy could be a distraction from better ways to reach our goal . "
tr	NNS	His thumbs dug in gently just above the eyes .
tr	NNS	The servants drifted away from Death , expectantly .
tr	NNS	" Your siblings are all Americans now . "
tr	NN	The forlorn figure facing me took the bottle .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids fluttered closed and he slanted his mouth across hers .
tr	NNS	Along the western banks of the Dnieper , the smaller villages lay burnt or smouldering .
tr	NNS	As a young man , those fights continued .
tr	NN	There , standing a few stalls away , was an open booth with plain walls set up with four tables and accompanying chairs .
tr	NNS	When no return fire came , the gunmen rushed from the shadows , running the hundred yards or so towards the tree line .
tr	NN	" The Master of the Manor has locked himself away for the past few weeks .
tr	NNS	I had always noticed grandpa and grams and momma looked younger than most people their ages .
tr	NN	Nodding , the maid hurried from the room .
tr	NNS	" Only a few supernaturals in the world could pull such a trick on me .
tr	NNS	" All these witnesses , " cries Anita .
tr	NNS	The media lurks around every corner .
tr	NNS	Things were changing and it struck me the way Southern California had grown in population .
tr	NNS	What would Ronan 's fans think if they discovered she was an imposter ?
tr	NNS	The idiots needed to learn that .
tr	NN	An angel had come to her and told of your birth , and here it had happened in a stable . "
tr	NN	Even so , the exchange only served to fuel his anger -- and therefore his power .
tr	NNS	Words hard as stone fell around her , some more uncomfortable than others .
tr	NN	The red carpet was there once more , along with the stairs into the plane , but I didn 't feel glamorous today .
tr	NN	The scenario reminded them of the early 50 's when the Nationalist was threatened by an all out invasion of the mainland Communist government .
tr	NN	Lucia Garza 's aura was more like a runway model 's .
tr	NNS	Our species is not without its anomalies , MaryAnn . "
tr	NN	The priest stepped back , beckoning him inside .
tr	NNS	Their fellow travelers brought their ship about , staying a good distance apart .
tr	NN	The attorney moved closer .
tr	NN	In short , the author is a confused and deeply troubled person .
tr	NN	The sergeant stared at the hole for some time , with water still dripping off his chin .
tr	NN	Instantly electricity crackled between them .
tr	NN	The sensuality of the low , deep tone was not an affectation ; it was inherent to the man .
tr	NNS	Things were shaping up .
tr	NN	A prestigious International organization , the Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry , sponsored this conference in 1976 .
tr	NN	" Love bears all things , believes all things , hopes all things , endures all things . "
tr	NNS	The twins , and his afflicted sovereign .
tr	NNS	The scales on his skin glinted sliver in the light .
tr	NNS	However , its origins dated back to 1996 .
tr	NNS	Whoever wins gets them along with my tickets .
tr	NN	The lightning traveled through her body , from her left arm , chest , and right arm and stopped at her sword .
tr	NN	Love leant towards the doctor .
tr	NN	" There 's a treatment for everything .
tr	NN	As Romeo stood naked at the edge of the bed , the mayor moaned and thrashed liked she 'd just entered the corridors of paradise .
tr	NNS	If she had walked into that room to set the fire her footprints would be on top of those indentations .
tr	NN	The click of a cocked gun echoed .
tr	NN	The whirlwind drove them down into the hold , and slammed them into the floor .
tr	NNS	Our kisses pick up pace as I reach down and guide myself to her .
tr	NN	Was being the Apollyon all about death and destruction instead of saving lives ?
tr	NN	There was no division , no crack , no void .
tr	NN	The passion with which she cares for her cattle is undeniable once a bottle of Lon Lon Milk is tasted .
tr	NNS	Two ducks waddle through the busy street .
tr	NNS	Hands entered his fat , pulling at guts and organs .
tr	NN	" The senator 's education initiative .
tr	NNS	However , senior civil servants do not generally experiment in dowsing , any more than detectives admit to visions . "
tr	NNS	Those shots had girls climbing on him , alcohol bottles next to him , and plenty of clubbers dancing all around him .
tr	NNS	The media would tear up her business if given a chance .
tr	NN	Naked , fresh from shifting , his long silver mane of hair stretched down his back and fell across his face and shoulder .
tr	NNS	The very passions you shun exist precisely so that men like you cannot thwart the work of the Almighty .
tr	NNS	Horrible possibilities leaped to mind .
tr	NN	Thinking of my mom brought a pang to my heart , but I couldn 't go to her .
tr	NN	Fierce dread gripped Madison .
tr	NNS	No sudden movements , " Beth said .
tr	NNS	Her tits bounced around as she maneuvered herself on top of my naked body .
tr	NNS	The sirens peaked and stopped .
tr	NN	The anonymous caller wasn 't surprised to learn they had a copy .
tr	NNS	For instance , her fingernails remained far harder than they should have been , less like any aspect of the flesh and more like steel .
tr	NN	The dragon shot through the air , toward the island , and I prayed Ana was okay , that nothing was wrong .
tr	NN	' Ok , now somebody please tell me which way this thing 's head is . '
tr	NNS	Things are finally going my way .
tr	NN	The tomb 's entryway was at least twelve feet above this chamber 's floor .
tr	NN	Normally The Manager of the Overseers did not come to these meetings .
tr	NN	Unfortunately , clarity only made the President 's claims seem more outlandish than before .
tr	NNS	" Three tickets to New York , " he said .
tr	NN	The hawk swoops down on its prey ; so does the Indian .
tr	NNS	The ruckus reached a climax as she washed over the brink and down the thunderous cascade .
tr	NNS	Yellow spots danced in front of her eyes .
tr	NN	Love nodded his head .
tr	NNS	Werewolves aren 't real . "
tr	NNS	His vegetables also needed to be cut into small bites .
tr	NNS	Were their minds still sound enough to do such a thing ?
tr	NN	The first jolting thought that hit him was that Fallon sounded worried and not because his agents had screwed up .
tr	NNS	The panel members kept interrupting one another with one-liners .
tr	NN	And then the boarding ramp on the ship begins to unfold .
tr	NNS	The fumes from the explosion made me sick .
tr	NNS	The floors are deep mahogany and have grooves scraped into them from sliding chairs .
tr	NNS	The stakes were high and as Penny said , winning was the only option .
tr	NN	The funnel of fire stilled for a moment .
tr	NN	The captain smiled , showing gleaming white teeth .
tr	NNS	Things had gone downhill for her after that .
tr	NN	The teacher finally walked in , a very petite woman with short black hair and narrow eyes .
tr	NNS	" What are these images ? "
tr	NN	The halo that 's burned into my retinas from editing images all day on the computer has started to dull and fade .
tr	NN	The steak arrived , and the salad was just right .
tr	NNS	There were half a dozen other passengers in first class .
tr	NNS	His braces displayed on his enormous goofy smile .
tr	NN	- A chorus of adulation , applauding bartenders , waitresses , and patrons surrounded Jack , who seemed to bask in the attention .
tr	NN	This confirmation prodded the women into new and incoherent exclamations .
tr	NNS	" And the elves kidnapped us , thinking we 'd hurt them .
tr	NN	The effective aiming range is a hundred yards .
tr	NN	The bearded hunter exhaled a deep breath and actually relished in the sensation .
tr	NNS	Lights from three police cars cast a red and blue glow over the ruined exterior of my former hotel room .
tr	NNS	" There are two types of electrochemical cells .
tr	NN	" The grandmother is healthy as a horse , only that his brain has come to an end . "
tr	NN	Marjory 's sentence faded away as Jane entered the kitchen .
tr	NNS	Two wolves are closing in on him .
tr	NNS	The pills and weed she has stashed all over her room .
tr	NN	My creativity was legendary .
tr	NNS	" Unfortunately , " Holiday said , ending the uncomfortable silence , " siblings are not always a help in this matter . "
tr	NN	A fellow can 't sleep with all this religion going on .
tr	NN	The other knight turned around .
tr	NNS	The villagers might panic , and that was the last thing we needed , two days before engaging the horde .
tr	NN	Lightning of unnatural color flickered within the cloud as it swelled over the city , brooding over the epicenter of the destruction .
tr	NNS	Slim silver studs ran in a line down the outer seam of the boots , glinting in the autumn half-light .
tr	NNS	Roughly three quarters of those among us became infected .
tr	NN	There was a college student standing in front of me with a pencil doing cartwheels on the side of his head .
tr	NNS	" The Godless Others use AIs . "
tr	NN	A street theatre distracted passersby on the Strand and game girls stood at the edges of the pavement .
tr	NN	The mayor stood up .
tr	NNS	The other monitors showed classrooms and halls , most of which were empty .
tr	NNS	Things will be better when I 'm in control . "
tr	NNS	His eyelids were heavy as he looked at me and his voice was rough .
tr	NNS	Muscles rippled over his chest and arms .
tr	NNS	Tree frogs dotted the trunks and branches while lizards used leaves for umbrellas .
tr	NNS	Ra Shawn 's background was hazy , but he 'd first been noticed in Haiti , Bill 's sources had told him .
tr	NN	" One slice , that 's all it will take .
tr	NN	She wore one on a cord around her neck , so incongruous a thing against her silk gown , her silken skin .
tr	NN	The remaining dwarf aimed again at Jack .
tr	NNS	Things would look bad enough when he got rid of her for good .
tr	NN	Their heads broke the surface together , both gasping for air as their lungs burned .
tr	NN	I know at once of course , my subconscious knew it from the moment he rang .
tr	NNS	There were some pupils running to their parents or guardians who came to pick them up .
tr	NNS	Looks like everything washed away .
tr	NNS	The maneuvers varied by the size of the band of marauders and whether they used swords or magic against us .
tr	NN	A haze of mist blanketed the ground .
tr	NN	" My nap seems to be creeping up on me from behind . "
tr	NNS	Some philosophers think that 's all part of His plan .
tr	NN	the author sang , " I can 't do that ! "
tr	NNS	Their blades clash with a ring of steel .
tr	NNS	The members of the group looked up as Gnat raced across the yard , and he stopped and bowed before them .
tr	NNS	Lights flashed out her front and back windows .
tr	NN	There was no passion in their learning .
tr	NN	What blood drinker would dream of acts of purity and courage ?
tr	NNS	His eyelids flared for the briefest moment before he got up and walked toward her .
tr	NN	Then he left , the door shushing closed behind him .
tr	NNS	Drugs were out of the question - which left only one thing .
tr	NNS	Others will have heard about Evernight Academy for years , perhaps from your families , and wondered if you would ever join our school .
tr	NNS	The few thin strands of his hair , delicate as spiderwebs , brushed across her knuckles .
tr	NNS	Devon 's nostrils flared , loathing poured through him .
tr	NNS	Regular readers will know that I am at my happiest when rallying against the rules of golf .
tr	NNS	Looks clean so far , Mr. Cavendish . "
tr	NNS	Things hadn 't exactly been rosy around the Kincaid house for the past week .
tr	NN	My pulse raced as sparks of static nipped at my skin .
tr	NNS	How insignificant our many worries really were , in the grand scheme of things .
tr	NNS	Things she wanted to do to Callum .
tr	NNS	" And the floors are slippery ? "
tr	NN	And this bitch wasn 't one of them .
tr	NNS	Things were going to be okay .
tr	NN	Her parting exchange with Sawyer came back to her .
tr	NNS	The tall ferns had infiltrated the meadow around the house , crowding against the trunks of the cedars , even the wide porch .
tr	NNS	The terrible emptiness crouched in her gut , in her mind , waiting to leap , to sink its teeth into her again .
tr	NN	Her IV flew across the room .
tr	NN	Gold flight badge attached to her lapel " EWA " the insignia for European and World Airways .
tr	NN	There was a yellow haze at the far end of the valley , and clouds between the peaks .
tr	NNS	The cats moved in the other direction , hugging the ground , readying themselves to spring .
tr	NNS	There weren 't many visitors or refugees , but I had to assume that a kid who was part fish wouldn 't be welcome .
tr	NNS	He was wearing a long black coat made of the tough , slightly shiny material Shadowhunters liked to use for their gear .
tr	NNS	His tracking skills will be a useful compliment to our own . "
tr	NN	Following suit , the remaining trio dashed for the border .
tr	NNS	His voice hugs the letters in my name so softly I die 5 times in that second .
tr	NN	There 's no third scenario . "
tr	NN	Since the fateful day she 'd met Mike on the street , a tiny seed of doubt had taken root .
tr	NNS	John 's other grandparents , however , had managed to get there before he was born , and he 'd already been in their arms .
tr	NNS	Desert elves were a race of elves that lived in the great northern desert that were wiped out during the War of Destruction .
tr	NN	Poison lets out a low laugh , shoves his hands in his pockets , and then walks away whistling .
tr	NNS	The colors and detail were amazing .
tr	NN	But the misery of his understanding is just as welcome . "
tr	NNS	A few spots of sky appeared in the cloud layer .
tr	NN	I don 't even care if you 're a little light in the loafers , this soup more than makes up for it .
tr	NNS	" So there were ghosts ? "
tr	NN	Despair settled on her shoulders like a shroud .
tr	NNS	In the park near the swings , two mothers looked up and saw a bright red balloon floating upward from the trees .
tr	NN	Another flashlight lit up in his hands .
tr	NN	A pretty brunette dressed in what looked like a Chanel suit , grasped Lacey 's hand .
tr	NNS	The two large screens on either side of the stage showed him her smile .
tr	NN	No mountain known of woman was that which loomed before them .
tr	NN	" The angel duke knows how to sneak , does he ? "
tr	NNS	The possibilities and combinations were endless .
tr	NNS	The newspapers told much of the story anyway .
tr	NNS	Hands traced the sides of her body , and lips captured her own in a searing kiss .
tr	NNS	Their activities will not be secret .
tr	NNS	" The mattress is still warm , which means that he 's probably on this floor somewhere .
tr	NNS	The changes had only begun .
tr	NNS	The giant wolves bounded happily after the fairy as if the world was a peaceful place .
tr	NN	She was mad at Darius for not getting her an engagement ring like he should have .
tr	NNS	Lots more tears and hugging ensued .
tr	NNS	Warrior sprites attempted to make their way , flying over the crowd in the direction of this sudden disturbance , even as others retreated .
tr	NN	Merchants watched him carefully , their disapproving glares feeling like needles along his spine .
tr	NNS	The siblings were calling on the gate master to help them realign the gates .
tr	NNS	The big , fat flakes seemed to float in the air as they fell to earth .
tr	NNS	Her sobs were quiet but seemed to come from a place very deep within her .
tr	NN	But the success had left her jaded , and restless .
tr	NNS	Soon after this the first Dragons came , with their beauty and their wisdom , and it was believed that they were the answer to our prayers .
tr	NNS	His actions only made me panic further .
tr	NNS	Will poor old Gramps face the same fate ? "
tr	NNS	" Then the matter is settled , " the duchess says .
tr	NNS	Some of the nobles glanced around the room , their expressions troubled .
tr	NN	The studio looked as if a tornado had been through it .
tr	NNS	Some clients are unhappy with the truth .
tr	NNS	Until it displayed its magic abilities .
tr	NN	Overhead , the stone dragon continued its silent vigil .
tr	NNS	There were just too many possibilities .
tr	NNS	Like a meteor Hephaestus lands between the fox and the boar causing them to jump backwards in fear .
tr	NN	But his balance held steady .
tr	NNS	Other metals - when formulated in the proper ways - achieved similar effects , but neither silver nor copper would bind the way gold could .
tr	NN	The rain had stopped , the pavement dried .
tr	NN	And all I saw was the suffering in her black eyes .
tr	NNS	Once her favorite stone , in fact , but her birthday had become synonymous with death and destruction and , well , she 'd decided emeralds sucked .
tr	NNS	His movements were just that little bit too slow .
tr	NNS	' There are several talented local artists whose work we have in the gallery . "
tr	NNS	Lots of hiking , fishing -- all that good stuff . "
tr	NNS	Even my mothers was quite evidently dead .
tr	NNS	Alexis turned around as anger filled her eyes .
tr	NNS	What is more adventurous than exploring the Rockies ? "
tr	NN	A flutter of wings in the window made me jump .
tr	NN	The priest paused for a long moment .
tr	NN	Quickly snatching his shield from his back , Link deflects several more arrows as he is nearly out of harm 's way .
tr	NNS	These abilities caught the attention of the Turks ' recruiting team , who then convinced Vincent that he would make an excellent Turk .
tr	NN	Link nuzzled her neck , and Rid swatted him .
tr	NN	The vine growing down her left leg showed animals .
tr	NNS	From bits she 'd heard , the Others didn 't always lock their doors .
tr	NN	At the same moment the stirring of the air became perceptible to them ; and it grew very cold .
tr	NNS	Hendricks let out another rumbling growl and put the gun away .
tr	NN	" Apparently , the snake and I can 't .
tr	NNS	" After I have inspected your bags to ensure there are no items which can be used for illicit purposes . "
tr	NNS	Whatever weapon they 'd chosen to launch , our chances of surviving it were zero .
tr	NNS	Mother fleas tell their babies , ' Go get her ; she 's yummy ! ' "
tr	NN	The governing factor is ability .
tr	NNS	Lots of people in town almost had their lives ruined by Mrs. White last year , and they had no idea .
tr	NNS	The black marble tiles on the floor glistened and as she looked down she saw herself reflected in their sheen .
tr	NN	The mass is 186 . "
tr	NN	This entire scenario was quickly getting out of hand .
tr	NNS	There , the local county governments had taken steps to harden the local electrical grid .
tr	NNS	The gates , however , were more recent .
tr	NNS	Cars are pulling out behind me and headlights shine at my back .
tr	NN	Each chip of paint and each scratch of wood whispered a secret and opened the gateway to a mystery needing to be solved .
tr	NNS	And there was plenty of dressed stone around now , millions of tons of the stuff .
tr	NNS	Sweet caresses smoked down to the filter .
tr	NNS	Pity the images only played like clips from a film reel instead of me being inside Adrian 's head when his murderer came calling .
tr	NN	A maid was clattering by the hearth , trying to light the fire .
tr	NN	The bandit leader lay still on the bed , drool seeping from his mouth , tears rolling from his eyes .
tr	NN	Connor 's body language tells me that he is very much not happy about this arrangement .
tr	NN	" Marcus , " the captain said .
tr	NNS	More tapping followed mine .
tr	NN	Inside the house , our creator and Riley were just as quiet .
tr	NNS	There are no chance meetings , no missed paths ; everything is perfect , absolutely perfect , just as it happens . "
tr	NN	Good thing Storm wasn 't here or his lie detector needle would be buried far in the red .
tr	NNS	" The nuns slapped me quite enough , Mademoiselle . "
tr	NN	Without me the voodoo spirit lord of the dead would be nothing .
tr	NN	The guy 's glaring distracted me , and I frowned at him .
tr	NNS	" Surely the negotiations will not go on as planned tomorrow morning ? "
tr	NNS	Concentrated fruit juices and fruit pulp , dried blueberries , and even dried beans , tomatoes , and broccoli .
tr	NNS	Cora 's cheap shots hurt worse than Patrick 's because I 'd always considered her my friend , whereas Patrick I 'd considered more as a fiend .
tr	NNS	The villagers that had jammed themselves in the hall were now pushing their way out .
tr	NNS	Things that were all so frighteningly far away .
tr	NN	Other than the hair and the cleaned up clothing , this man was one and the same .
tr	NN	Their long stems look almost like strands of hair caught in the mud .
tr	NN	" All species requiring ingestion of energy sources must reduce such sources to convenient form . "
tr	NNS	The soft taps came again through the door .
tr	NNS	Myles looked at the clock .
tr	NN	Or a magical force .
tr	NNS	" Al supernaturals have the ability to get a sneak peek into other minds .
tr	NN	Every inch of my body burned .
tr	NNS	His suits cost more than my car , and his exotic looks and lethal way of carrying himself made him intimidating and domineering without any effort .
tr	NNS	Maya demands with a scream , pushing herself up off the table but falling back down .
tr	NNS	That the werewolves are too close to losing their control .
tr	NN	Heading down the steps , her insane rant reminded him of Caleb 's stern warning .
tr	NNS	His gaze searches mine like he 's going to find the secrets to the universe there .
tr	NN	" My career has never been better .
tr	NN	" No accounting for your taste . "
tr	NN	Our core has an even bigger responsibility than the rest of the uniques .
tr	NNS	The mages said they still saw many silver flashes from the men following them .
tr	NNS	That there 's his granddaddy , several generations back . "
tr	NN	The deputy grunted softly and flicked on a switch ; fluorescents snapped on overhead , blindingly white .
tr	NN	But the football failed to hold his attention .
tr	NNS	Amusing images of stars set to rock music enticed us to move with them as they danced up and down the canopy .
tr	NNS	His kisses stole her words and the bed groaned slightly as he put his full weight on it .
tr	NN	The pilot handled the craft while speaking on the radio at the same time .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids were closed , lashes in wet spikes .
tr	NNS	As usual , Charlie 's instincts were correct , for as they swam closer it became clear that the diver was in serious trouble .
tr	NN	His black leather jacket is worn , a bright white T-shirt underneath .
tr	NN	My campfire had gone out , so I conjured it again .
tr	NNS	Things got better after that .
tr	NNS	The four seated vampires all nodded enthusiastically as the competition ran fierce between them .
tr	NN	Ashley finally got her brain off stun long enough to speak .
tr	NN	The midsection went down first , with both the bow and the stern twisting up to point to the sky .
tr	NN	A puff of powder rises up to tease my nose with the sweet scent of chocolate .
tr	NNS	Others were proud of their projects , and had circled the date on their calendar so they could show off their work and get good grades .
tr	NN	There is a single species of life .
tr	NNS	Animals need to live in what it is called their natural habitat .
tr	NNS	Others were leaving , the more able wielding canes , the wheelchair bound patiently waiting their turns for help .
tr	NNS	His first clients would be soon be arriving for their lessons .
tr	NN	The committee was ruthless .
tr	NN	The theory was that the more useless and hemmed in the wearer , the more genteel she must be .
tr	NN	The new tenant understands that the core group of people in Midnight is very small .
tr	NN	The nape of her neck was beautiful , a sliver of cream against the contrast of her hair .
tr	NNS	Tree frogs in the region were almost always poisonous .
tr	NNS	" How many cases you got ? "
tr	NN	Need a nap , Brandon ? "
tr	NN	The spotlight stayed on me .
tr	NNS	After Shimmer had had her fill , the companions walked side by side to continue their journey .
tr	NN	That fucker is dead .
tr	NNS	Toren 's carelessness hit him hard .
tr	NN	The honor is mine . "
tr	NNS	Words like " hope " , " believe " , and " faith " in various iterations painted the walls with encouragement .
tr	NNS	Three shots rang out in quick succession and John Judge emerged from the building grim faced .
tr	NNS	But probably these ideas correspond to nothing in the actual facts .
tr	NN	When we entered the first chamber of the dungeon , the stench made me recoil .
tr	NN	The only thing weirder than that was the way he was suddenly going all gooey over Kit .
tr	NNS	Reyes lay there , panting heavily , wondering why the other wolf had broken off the attack .
tr	NNS	When he had finished , the drinks arrived .
tr	NNS	All the other passengers were simply stepping off from the platform and taking the short and simple path across the tracks .
tr	NN	The female medic asked me , " What is your relationship to the patient ? "
tr	NNS	Words failed Theodosia for a moment , and she moved her mouth , looking rather like a fish .
tr	NN	The sergeant and I had drawn his fire .
tr	NN	" The balcony , " she explained .
tr	NN	I couldn , t quite get over those slippery rocks .
tr	NN	There was only one option for a place to have the wedding and that was Italy , and in specific , on the grounds of Benvenuto .
tr	NN	From the old dog 's throat a low growl still flowed .
tr	NN	The rear bumper was rusted and bent , holding onto its last rubber bungee cord ; she was positive this was the same vehicle .
tr	NNS	Romulus whined in response .
tr	NN	All around us , the woodland wakes .
tr	NN	The carpet was cold .
tr	NNS	Their movements become more involved , dozens of different species sweeping around one another , every blink of an eye or swish of a tail carefully choreographed .
tr	NNS	The prince 's heavy jaws set stubbornly .
tr	NN	Why couldn 't the ambassador of alien goodwill live closer to the airport ?
tr	NNS	Zack 's footsteps stop suddenly .
tr	NN	In its center was a small stone cottage .
tr	NNS	Wicked ideas crept into my mind .
tr	NNS	" His social media update . "
tr	NNS	" Things are heating up overseas , " he finally said , " and none of us will be back until late tomorrow . "
tr	NNS	Viktor 's eyelids fluttered open .
tr	NN	The werewolf was leaping forward to attack .
tr	NNS	A moment after , the grasses parted .
tr	NNS	Her elder siblings were glaring at her .
tr	NNS	Her movements were instinctive , as though she 'd been born for this moment .
tr	NNS	But the wide-eyed pigs and sheep were frightened and heartily announced that fact in the echoing confines of the hold .
tr	NN	The paint on the door , gate and windowsills needed to be refreshed .
tr	NNS	The candidates that the Corporations endorsed replaced them and began their work .
tr	NNS	Doors lined the hall at wide intervals .
tr	NN	" Well , like this morning , the angel broke the bed , but I told Granny that I broke it .
tr	NNS	And how her frightened sobs had turned to giggles at the punch line .
tr	NN	My h * ps lifted automatically , trying to get more contact .
tr	NN	The trio walked a little farther to find themselves at the mouth of a cave .
tr	NNS	Flames crawled up to the ceiling and burned down toward the floor .
tr	NNS	Flowers in full bloom now were few and far between .
tr	NN	The goal was to get on a television fight card .
tr	NN	" Her welfare is not your concern .
tr	NN	The roiling gas seemed to flow to the lowest point , always downhill , so I took the higher road .
tr	NN	" Another warrior came through the town where we were staying .
tr	NN	However , the tin also made her ears extremely acute .
tr	NNS	Those two bits of bone began to shift and twist .
tr	NN	The third lieutenant started , then said a little weakly , " Huzzah for Captain Riley . "
tr	NN	There was no pleading , just a very real threat in her sharp command .
tr	NN	Her nostrils flared , all wolf , smelling how much I wanted her .
tr	NNS	Two more thumps hit the roof , causing everyone to flinch in anticipatory response .
tr	NNS	" What classes are going on this term that Mr. Daniels isn 't teaching ? "
tr	NNS	" Two members of my Circle , " Cassie said .
tr	NNS	The guard designs were like a swirled ribbon of silvery mist suspended in time .
tr	NN	The canoe continued on down the river until the wind changed , and the general was getting the full force of the stench .
tr	NNS	Cassius and I both looked at each other , surprised the Prince would show up to help us .
tr	NN	The Jeep rattled as it took off .
tr	NNS	The ladies of Washington High were crazy about him .
tr	NNS	Your tests match those tests to a one hundred million to one degree of error . "
tr	NNS	One older gentleman looks out the window , but the rest are focused on their tablets .
tr	NN	The creator commands it .
tr	NNS	" Great minds think alike .
tr	NN	Our goal now is to make her comfortable . "
tr	NNS	Alexis focused the camera on his rear end .
tr	NN	Teagan 's laptop chimed and she grinned like a silly school girl when she saw Marlow 's handle pop up on her chat screen .
tr	NN	His honesty deserved her own .
tr	NN	A very large dowry for the insult was grave .
tr	NN	Previous analysis of the soil and geology coincides with the analysis we have done up until this point .
tr	NNS	Past the booths , the snow banks descended toward the theater .
tr	NN	Her braid brushed against the back of his hand .
tr	NN	The befuddled maid jumped to her feet as if someone had just jabbed her with a fireplace poker .
tr	NN	The student is checking his pulse .
tr	NN	Perhaps an exercise routine might be a good idea .
tr	NN	The sheriff found Nikolas and let out a derisive chuckle .
tr	NN	My uncle rose to his feet , his black hair messy and his green eyes glowing even brighter than before .
tr	NNS	" And if you think you 're perfectly safe , " he continued , " remember , the cameras aren 't working . "
tr	NN	There 's another horrible crash as the pirate gets another broadside into us .
tr	NNS	Their efforts yielded great effect , and soon , a renaissance of entrepreneurship and hope grew among the people .
tr	NNS	Their fellow pilgrims were the expected assortment .
tr	NNS	The bits and pieces he could recall began to filter through his mind .
tr	NNS	" Any ideas why ? "
tr	NN	There were a few scattered chuckles from the other students .
tr	NNS	Her e-mails from Africa were getting shorter and spaced farther apart .
tr	NNS	And the oranges seemed good size too .
tr	NN	The balance of those in attendance all strike hauntingly similar poses .
tr	NN	A shield of lightning erupted from her hands and surrounded her completely .
tr	NNS	The dark figures tore with amazing speed across the courtyard .
tr	NN	" Your supplier , " Girardi said .
tr	NN	Only an idiot wouldn 't want to date me .
tr	NN	The applause from the crowd was thunderous .
tr	NNS	The letters were like hieroglyphics , strange and illegible .
tr	NN	The creation of the group Order of the Holy Crusade of the Light occurred on 1st January XXXX , through the leadership and vision of The General .
tr	NNS	Numerous crisp packets and Coke bottles floated up against the thick clumps of reeds .
tr	NN	A tremor shook her .
tr	NN	" I know what I 'm doing , cara mia .
tr	NN	A dimple had appeared in her cheek when she grinned .
tr	NN	The Federal government had digested the total report and by 2007 had done nothing .
tr	NNS	Things can happen to a person . "
tr	NNS	Romulus lifted his head from between his paws and whined .
tr	NNS	Odysseus tried to catch Nestor 's eye and couldn 't .
tr	NNS	I reach out and clasp his hand , squeezing hard , our thumbs crossed the way men shake hands .
tr	NN	" A caravan master who plays favorites with his wagon owners risks breaking up the whole enterprise .
tr	NN	" Reality has a way of jump starting the brain , Cian .
tr	NNS	Animals don 't bleed .
tr	NN	" Interestingly enough , these urges happened right before long business trips or after she and Dad had some heavy argument . "
tr	NNS	" The twins talk to you ? "
tr	NN	" The surgeon did a good job with your legs .
tr	NNS	" One hundred members are at this club Woods .
tr	NNS	The footsteps began to climb the steps , and Rachel thought quickly .
tr	NN	The recording was in bad shape .
tr	NNS	Thoughts about meditation , preaching pointless platitudes , or seeking knowledge for knowledge 's sake were laughable .
tr	NNS	Hearing someone 's footsteps approaching , my eyes open and my body automatically thrusts itself forward , right into my father .
tr	NNS	There are always more rats .
tr	NN	But there is an explanation , if you want it .
tr	NNS	Two witnesses saw her mother on the mountain when Martha died .
tr	NNS	Its only contents besides the reception desk are two plush navy blue chairs and a large fake plant .
tr	NNS	" What the media are saying - he and his friends are the killers ? "
tr	NN	So the Master commands . '
tr	NN	Even Ship is no help .
tr	NNS	Three cats meowed as they entered .
tr	NNS	After a few centuries , new generations didn 't even know it . "
tr	NNS	Things run differently here .
tr	NNS	Girls are gon na melt under that attentive gaze of his . "
tr	NN	The static electricity moved wherever his hand moved .
tr	NN	A convict had but few pleasures in his life .
tr	NNS	" But the chips did not have any indication of literal fire or gunfire .
tr	NNS	The creatures were learning .
tr	NN	Simple , unmarked , painted black .
tr	NN	A warrior could channel its ferocity into a manifestation of form that leapt ahead of itself .
tr	NN	The operator had already checked , but she checked again .
tr	NN	His deep , shockingly sexy chuckle rumbled through me .
tr	NN	The halo of curly black hair around her head made her look younger than her twenty-two years .
tr	NN	His blood-soaked clothing offers camouflage as well .
tr	NNS	The tests and the procedure we did on you was almost a total success .
tr	NNS	Even her classes seemed a waste of her time these days .
tr	NN	The Prophet held up his hand and indicated a need to stop the discussion .
tr	NN	As much as it pains you to lie here and heal , ' t is what you must do . "
tr	NNS	The Council members applauded .
tr	NNS	The insects swung around him in a great , whirling sphere .
tr	NNS	The footsteps were right outside now .
tr	NN	The referee 's converged on Alex , waving their hands over their heads .
tr	NN	The canyon to the northwest ebbed away and in its place surfaced a long and high protuberance of black dunes .
tr	NN	His trick was simply to rationalize a way that what he said could be construed as the truth .
tr	NN	The three-mile stroll was good exercise and I get far less of that than I should .
tr	NNS	" Honey , " Mortimer said on a sigh , " the chances of Alex 's being a possible life mate for an immortal are pretty slim .
tr	NNS	" But my sources say that there is something between those two .
tr	NNS	Reading each other 's minds , no need for words .
tr	NN	Dante 's mate nodded , something wistful about her little smile as she stepped back to give Mira space to breathe .
tr	NN	Love shook his head and grinned .
tr	NNS	" My ads start tomorrow .
tr	NN	There was no hesitation in his movements at all .
tr	NN	The bitch told me where you were ! "
tr	NNS	Hands rolled me onto my side to make it easier for me to breathe .
tr	NNS	Things that came to him in the flow of time , in the moment , would tell him where to start .
tr	NNS	My actions horrified her , as they horrify you .
tr	NN	She was saying something but he didn , t hear her .
tr	NN	Would The Program get the police involved ?
tr	NNS	Our competitors are beating the shirts off our backs . "
tr	NN	Every instinct in her was to go to Raven , see if there was anything she could do .
tr	NN	A government must never consider itself to be a self-contained entity .
tr	NN	The lightning was still around .
tr	NNS	There were many footprints around the camp and there were signs of a scuffle near to the fire .
tr	NN	There 's a big airport not far over there .
tr	NN	My mother-in-law looked at me calmly before giving her son a pointed look .
tr	NNS	Those changes were to keep him from being overwhelmed .
tr	NNS	Lights were still on behind the ground floor windows when we pulled up some fifty yards from the property .
tr	NN	Or maybe ' t was what he wanted to see .
tr	NNS	" Her instincts should keep her safe through worse than this . "
tr	NN	Your innocence does not come with long shelf-life , quite like milk .
tr	NN	" We 'll wait until the press clears , " the agent in the front seat said .
tr	NN	The noose tightened a bit and she felt more of her life slip away while they continued to pile extra wood around the stake .
tr	NN	A loud rap on the door made her jump back against the fridge .
tr	NNS	There were no vibes coming off of Nana , and she 'd hugged me .
tr	NNS	Achilles scrambled out behind her and ran to greet the other dogs coming up with the rest of the men , led by Ian and Hart .
tr	NNS	See how realistic the images are ? "
tr	NNS	The practice sessions had started when he was still in elementary school , his father critiquing his every move .
tr	NNS	Probably , their mothers put them on the exercise machine and made them use it until they exhausted all their energy .
tr	NNS	Her fingernails dig into my back as she pushes in with great intensity .
tr	NNS	Thanks to the damn flu , he was stuck in bed , his hopes of pushing their relationship closer to an engagement put on hold .
tr	NNS	What are the risks ? "
tr	NN	" And the dollar signs , too . "
tr	NN	The young barkeep dried off his hands and chuckled .
tr	NNS	Things were about to get messy , and she had no idea if she 'd get the chance again .
tr	NNS	The street signs were names I recognized .
tr	NNS	His high cheekbones and full lips were exquisitely masculine , and his thick black brows only accentuated the man 's natural ferocity .
tr	NNS	Their cells regenerate at an incredible rate depending on the severity of their injuries .
tr	NNS	Maris gulped , opening her eyes and staring up at him .
tr	NNS	" Pretty much all the campers were dark . "
tr	NN	" So maybe the thief expected to find something else .
tr	NN	" Enter the vessel , " the dragon gestured to the black dwarf lying prone on the altar .
tr	NNS	The strange warriors killed with dispassion , cutting down man , woman .
tr	NNS	The ancestors eyed it all like vultures preparing for a feast .
tr	NN	There were no books askew , no empty glasses or cups on the coffee table , and not one stain on the deep colored wood floors .
tr	NNS	At last the equations had done what they always did , resolving into rules and patterns and meaning .
tr	NNS	Hands grip my wrist .
tr	NN	We had lost a lot of precious time , our only option was to charge head on .
tr	NNS	Things should be simpler .
tr	NN	Suddenly the thrashing stopped .
tr	NN	Did the robe make her look promiscuous ?
tr	NNS	Names , characters , places , and incidents are a product of the author 's imagination .
tr	NN	The hood pulled down over the piano keys appeared to bear a fine tatting of dust , as if no one had played it in years .
tr	NNS	Maks bent down and rolled Nicholas to one side .
tr	NNS	His caresses had very little effect on him -- nor did my hands help .
tr	NNS	Her predictions of death , betrayal , and clouded judgment stabbed him with doubt .
tr	NN	A stab of hurt penetrated through her .
tr	NN	The tender was incredulous .
tr	NN	No wonder Cora kept staring outside .
tr	NNS	Romulus whined and nuzzled her cheek .
tr	NNS	The cousins were also at a complete loss .
tr	NNS	Things never went well when I lost my temper .
tr	NN	The damn troll had expanded his living space .
tr	NNS	Credit cards were not yet in existence .
tr	NN	" Well , one good scanner can pick out the targets in , say , a three or four story building . "
tr	NNS	" The seats have not moved and yet it seems the problem is getting worse .
tr	NN	To the left and below was a small ship port .
tr	NN	Yes , this skinny fellow was in need of a good suit ( and business was a little slow , this week ) .
tr	NN	The captain asked ignoring Abdul 's remark .
tr	NNS	My own carelessness had brought this about .
tr	NN	It would have to do until morning , her flashlight was already flickering , causing shadows to jump and fall on the walls .
tr	NNS	Others waded out into the water alongside the boat .
tr	NNS	Both tests had been hard for her .
tr	NN	It was nothing more than a self defense mechanism , a hallucination brought on by the traumatic event .
tr	NN	" Last tenant left me without paying his rent .
tr	NN	Maybe science isn 't perfect , but there 's no question that science is the best tool we have available .
tr	NN	The soup still smelled enticing .
tr	NNS	Two drops of red fell warm against my forehead .
tr	NN	" Your yard is lovely . "
tr	NN	My grandmother had loved fishing , but I was only good for two hours , tops , and then I was ready to do something else .
tr	NN	( No pun intended . )
tr	NN	Another crash of light filled the night sky .
tr	NNS	The two species came from a similar ancestry , but due to evolution , eventually chose to trod different paths .
tr	NNS	" Animals can feel if you are tense or upset .
tr	NNS	However there were still all the lies she had told me .
tr	NN	The newbie didn 't argue , returning her nod with a nervous one .
tr	NN	The bearded hunter let the thoughts go and turned his attention back to cooking .
tr	NN	The healer finished with him , giving him a timid , slightly concerned smile .
tr	NN	Sadie 's description of Tessa 's father was apt .
tr	NN	The knight in the centre looked particularly rugged and fierce .
tr	NN	" At least your slate is clean .
tr	NNS	Looks can be deceiving .16 Talking to Strangers Kendra arrived at her homeroom several minutes early the next day .
tr	NNS	Waves of heat swept out of him , driving away the wind .
tr	NNS	No warrants outstanding , no judgments entered .
tr	NN	" The shooter was on the roof of the apartment next to mine .
tr	NNS	" Things are drawing towards the end now , unless I am mistaken .
tr	NNS	There were gears turning in his head .
tr	NNS	Dragons twisted around the posts that led up to a canopy .
tr	NN	One squirrel started chasing the second .
tr	NN	A low growl of satisfaction escaped his throat , and he grasped her elbow .
tr	NN	" There is no salad .
tr	NNS	Marius shook his head and looked down at his own feet as he walked .
tr	NN	The intruder crumpled , unmoving , to the carpet .
tr	NN	Terror flooded my senses , erasing the pain .
tr	NN	The captain smiled , " I thought as much . "
tr	NNS	Cardiac monitors showed that his heart was beating at a steady , healthy rhythm .
tr	NN	The pink tinge in her cheeks hinted at her vulnerability .
tr	NNS	Sirens wailed in the near distance .
tr	NNS	The mattress lowered beside him and a hand settled lightly upon his back .
tr	NN	" Don 't look at me like that , " the little blond angel snapped , hands balling at her sides .
tr	NN	" Elves do not leave the clan , " the elf insisted .
tr	NN	There was a heavy dew on the grass and my feet were soaked through at once .
tr	NN	Reality however was a rightful bitch , and he knew his fake marriage would need to look real in order to keep his father 's lawyers satisfied .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of sweet revenge kept me focused as I trudged out of the water and began exploring the small island for clues .
tr	NN	A bullet whizzed right past his head and salvos of shots started to tear through the walls .
tr	NNS	My goggles lit up with images that covered my view completely .
tr	NNS	Four At the sight of the Gods standing in the bar , the creatures of the Damned that remained instantly ran for the exits .
tr	NN	But at Nick 's glare the agent edged back again toward the door .
tr	NNS	" Maybe the drugs are messing up my ability to sense things . "
tr	NNS	The ground shudders beneath my feet , pitching me to the ground .
tr	NN	Now snow-white porcelain and lines of shining light conceal the spot where my eye used to be .
tr	NNS	Folks might be leaving , but there was no major exodus -- at least not one I could see .
tr	NNS	Things in my peripheral vision didn 't exist anymore .
tr	NNS	The constant shell bursts and noise of unseen vehicles drowned out normal conversation and added to the confusion .
tr	NN	The orgasm , I think , opened the floodgates .
tr	NNS	Two spots of color began to burn in Fiji 's cheeks .
tr	NN	" You know , the government is only doing it for their own good .
tr	NN	The warrior slammed his head against the wooden counter a few times , venting his frustration .
tr	NN	Unfortunately my stint in the circus didn 't last all that long .
tr	NNS	Their organs beat right under their hide .
tr	NN	" Who is this ' tribe ' ? "
tr	NNS	" Do other members of the Institute share your views on the robotic exploration of other worlds ?
tr	NNS	Things were dangerous there .
tr	NNS	to which my mom quickly replied , " Well , we 'd dress more for men if they 'd compliment us the way our girlfriends do . "
tr	NNS	When she held her hand up in front of her , her stifled sobs turned into wails .
tr	NNS	Iron chandeliers cast light and shadow throughout the main chamber in which she stood .
tr	NNS	" The ladies he was with were good-looking women , and I don 't know why he 'd be specially interested in me . "
tr	NNS	The images were very clear .
tr	NNS	Cassius had each of them playing tag team .
tr	NNS	" My targets supposed to be workin ' here . "
tr	NN	There was a loud shriek from Dianna as the bullet pierced her shoulder blade and the blood started to flow .
tr	NNS	Things were fine between them , after all .
tr	NNS	" Not necessarily , but even the gangs that aren 't completely unethical are generally into something illegal . "
tr	NNS	However , his eyelids refused to stay open .
tr	NN	The canister 's whistle sputters out , the hose hanging limp with the last of the air gone .
tr	NN	Within hours not one cottage stood .
tr	NNS	The floors were concrete , the tables and chairs basic metal restaurant furnishings , the booths not much better .
tr	NN	" Young adult , teen fiction , I don 't really care what you call it , this is one hell of a monster book . "
tr	NN	The stench alone deserved a dedicated anthropological report , but she was no academic .
tr	NN	The fold of the cocoon parted open and the bulging body expanded with the leeway .
tr	NN	And then ... her boom swung the other way , and wind again filled her sails .
tr	NNS	Things are just waiting out there and if you have a moment of courage , you put your fear aside and go for it . "
tr	NNS	His wrists weren 't the only parts of his body acutely aware of her .
tr	NNS	New experiences await on the horizon .
tr	NNS	Her temples began to pound .
tr	NNS	Her accusations about him and Amber had hurt .
tr	NNS	Therefore , one belle has to die .
tr	NN	The icing on the cake was when Ali arrived with Brent .
tr	NN	" Born , the release mechanism is malfunctioning .
tr	NN	Part of him knew it would kill him as he darted out onto the sunny balcony with its red geranium pots .
tr	NN	And the senator kept a gun at her head as the SUV hurtled down the street .
tr	NNS	Squires , not doing too well his own self , noted that Meadows had little trouble with the trail .
tr	NNS	The military leaders were doing all they could to prepare .
tr	NNS	Making a circle , the mothers begin talking amongst themselves .
tr	NNS	The images sped past him , as he slowed down .
tr	NN	Our bio sub is still hot .
tr	NNS	Things tend to implode rather quickly .
tr	NNS	A person could lose themselves in eyes like that , could fall forever into their starry violet depths .
tr	NN	Her grandmother didn 't have a digital clock in the whole house .
tr	NN	The car crash appeared to have been an accident at least .
tr	NNS	The Weaver 's World 's tunnels stretched for endless leagues if the histories wrote it true .
tr	NNS	' Things like noisy neighbours and dry rot . '
tr	NNS	Both candidates dropped to the ground , and the air around them began to shimmer and distort .
tr	NNS	Immortals had come in the night and set fire to it .
tr	NN	" I 'm telling you the truth , " the rogue growled .
tr	NN	The gap between the surface and the blue crystals held no terrors for me , having endured the searing light of day .
tr	NN	This bitch deserved to go down for all of this .
tr	NN	The sub was moving .
tr	NN	" Indeed , " the high priest said .
tr	NN	The blush makes its way to my cheeks again when I meet his green eyes .
tr	NNS	There were thousands of stars in the sky , and he chose the most brilliant .
tr	NN	Some human literature says I am an ancient deity of wine and beer .
tr	NNS	Kris glared at her , " You heard me . "
tr	NNS	His instincts made him second guess even himself this time though .
tr	NNS	The ceilings are barely tall enough for Hit to pass without stooping .
tr	NNS	Families had eaten one last meal out on the main drag and were packing into their cars to go home and prepare for work and school .
tr	NNS	The three riddles are : " What 's small , round , comes in a yellow box , and has a hole in it ? "
tr	NN	The bacon sizzled as she tapped her foot on the tile floor .
tr	NNS	Questions bounced fast on the sleepy faces of that Monday morning .
tr	NNS	Several nearby members of the throng lost interest in Harden and looked at her .
tr	NNS	" Your English skills are not perfect .
tr	NNS	" Great minds think alike . "
tr	NN	" There is a huge number of phobias in this world , " the psychiatrist started .
tr	NN	" And this technique is fool proof ? "
tr	NNS	JT paces to the window , then peers out .
tr	NN	Friday 's knitting session had been rather unsatisfactory without their teacher and friend , but no one complained openly .
tr	NNS	All the funds were kosher . "
tr	NNS	Questions started pouring in my head .
tr	NNS	Hands grabbed me from behind .
tr	NN	The leader came up closer and bared horrific yellow fangs that looked strong enough to tear off Winston 's limbs with a single bite .
tr	NNS	The twins laugh together , but do not look up .
tr	NNS	Settled at a table she learned as she 'd suspected the business account had hit a low now sales of GMD 's previous signings had inevitably slowed .
tr	NN	The spark in his words made her continue her line of questioning .
tr	NN	Sadly , the euphoria was short-lived , as Central steamrolled Bailey Woods in overtime and won by five points .
tr	NN	The tank continued to fire , and little by little , the street was brought under control .
tr	NNS	Two million years ago your hominid ancestors were eating each other .
tr	NNS	These movie sessions were the most fun she 'd had since before her mother died .
tr	NN	That honor fell to Malik , the vampire who 'd taken over during Ethan 's brief demise .
tr	NNS	Keep me in the loop , my instincts are telling me something is going down we need to know about .
tr	NNS	There were two items .
tr	NN	The werewolf grinned at me , his eyes full of wild .
tr	NN	Another trio dashed for me briefly after in the same predictable pattern , aiming for my neck .
tr	NNS	" Various sources , but it 's all official records or personal observation by Guardians over the centuries .
tr	NN	Truly , their chore in dressing their mistresses was atrocious .
tr	NN	His armour glimmered under the torches , and he held a mighty axe .
tr	NNS	Despite everything , she missed him , missed the demands and challenges of her position .
tr	NN	" Of course , " the colonel said , and I could read that he was glad to be getting me out of the way .
tr	NNS	" My knees are starting to hurt a little in this squat and all I had to eat for dinner were party appetizers .
tr	NN	* * * * Simon 's hunger drove them from their temporary haven .
tr	NNS	Hands clutched at her .
tr	NN	The vicious beating of my own heart drowned out the sound of my breathing .
tr	NN	Stuart held out his hand and Love passed him the bullet .
tr	NNS	Sometimes the beatings weren 't as bad as others .
tr	NNS	Flames hide them from curious eyes peering in from the entrance to the armory .
tr	NNS	Scorpion 's defenses were reeling , but not down and out .
tr	NN	The itch to charm her properly and win her regard was nearly overwhelming .
tr	NNS	Only by pulling strings did he manage to get approval for his mother 's eye surgery .
tr	NN	" Our first heartbreak is always the toughest . "
tr	NN	Her expertise lied in the realm of cloning and I anticipated that her skill could go no further than the duplication of a body . "
tr	NN	The newcomer stared calmly up at the ceiling .
tr	NN	Sliding the lid to the side an odour bubbled into the air , catching everyone 's nostrils .
tr	NNS	Chartres followed , stumbling slightly , not only from his lameness .
tr	NN	Her accent was distinctly British , as was her reserve as she slid a full foot away from him .
tr	NN	" Your grandmother found out about us , packed you up and sent you away .
tr	NN	However , with all this growth , our ranch remained the same , aging a bit , but the same .
tr	NNS	Other colors were filtering to the surface , and even as Severance watched , the shifting colors bled upward into the walls and ceiling .
tr	NN	The redhead sighs longingly .
tr	NNS	Myles fought his way to the cellar window and lay on the ground , pulling and pushing helplessly at the bars with his bare hands .
tr	NN	Every birthday and Christmas since I was twenty years old .
tr	NN	The young Happy Uncle was at most times surrounded by beautiful lady customers who came to the shop out of their fondness for the colorful bangles .
tr	NNS	For Sloane , crime scenes were data : angles to be examined , numbers to be crunched .
tr	NNS	All the shifters I know can trace their animal ancestry back centuries . "
tr	NNS	Screams of shock and bloody pain now joined the war cries echoing off the wall .
tr	NNS	The fumes from the chloroform rag hit the back of my nose , making me gag .
tr	NN	The courtyard had a number of natural chimneys , and moonlight flooded down .
tr	NN	Fate 's embarrassment turned quickly in to investigation .
tr	NNS	After he was turned his blue eyes turned black , the pupils fully dilated , like someone had used a black marker to shade his irises .
tr	NNS	Their movements divulged the fact that they were communicating .
tr	NN	Eighty six years gone , his eighty seventh so full of tears .
tr	NN	The market is worth about three billion a year , give or take .
tr	NNS	Things were starting to look up .
tr	NNS	The other wolves were shifting back into the forms of men .
tr	NN	Ghost was oblivious to our game and was taking a baby tiger nap with her head in my lap .
tr	NNS	His native species relies upon the acidic poisons housed inside the pretty pink swollen welts encircling his plump body .
tr	NN	The bitch was always after me for something and never got enough .
tr	NN	The muddy trickle he 'd flown over was now a deep , clear river .
tr	NNS	" Thank you , Lord West , " the sprites said .
tr	NNS	All the traits you would want in a lifelong friend and companion .
tr	NNS	Where the hell did the shyness come from ?
tr	NN	His carotid pulse was a weak flutter .
tr	NNS	Honestly on my part , my actions weren 't that of a brave and daring man , more along the lines of flukes .
tr	NNS	Maybe his favorite suspects , Caliban and Prospero , had done it after all .
tr	NN	the dragon rider asked politely with such a friendly smile .
tr	NN	That chick is crazy . "
tr	NN	Winston 's movements flowed easily , his once frozen hip now had complete positive function .
tr	NN	The first photograph was Clare with her arms wrapped around a man , who , I guessed , was her husband .
tr	NNS	Even her feet were shackled , the chains securely locked to the end board .
tr	NNS	The mattress on it was quite narrow , with room for only one person .
tr	NN	Ever so slowly , a golden coin appeared in his palm .
tr	NNS	Empathic healers were an uncommon breed of psychic but there were still plenty of them .
tr	NNS	With Madeline dead , her schemes against my friends all unraveled as well .
tr	NN	Aside from the scandal , a divorce could take years to obtain , and he wanted an heir .
tr	NNS	The changes I sensed in him weren 't external ( besides his size ) ; they were internal .
tr	NN	What exactly does this blood ritual do to Scarlett ? "
tr	NN	The flight from Vegas to a small landing strip outside the Pack 's compound had taken little more than an hour .
tr	NNS	Simple actions may greatly contribute to the development of our community such as following rules in school and listening to my teachers and to my parents . "
tr	NNS	Looks like I would be getting some practice I hadn 't bargained for .
tr	NN	But instead of his voice , his secretary answered .
tr	NN	The dizziness made everything go black for a moment .
tr	NNS	Her nostrils flared as she drew in a sharp breath .
tr	NN	Their uncertainty was good .
tr	NN	The paint had no markings save for a blocky number 13 painted in white on its side .
tr	NN	A spider descended from the rafters on a strand of silk .
tr	NNS	The fairies charged the walls of mist but were immobilized immediately and fell to the ground .
tr	NN	" Sometimes a good deed is payment enough . "
tr	NN	The craft 's side compartment opened and a wave of cold air poured into the space .
tr	NN	A notebook smacked my arm .
tr	NN	My buggy is right outside and I 'd be happy to run into Pendleton with you .
tr	NNS	All her masks were back in place .
tr	NN	Behind the city buildings , the castle had three towers connected to a center tower .
tr	NN	A high-pitched giggle assaulted her from the other end .
tr	NN	The tech turned to Brinkman looking for directions .
tr	NN	" You must be Miss Adler , " an older gentleman said , walking down the front deck to meet Olivia .
tr	NNS	Some other rats were standing around him now , picking him up .
tr	NNS	Romulus shoved the old man away .
tr	NN	" A Cobb salad , I think .
tr	NN	" What 's that beeping ? "
tr	NN	Her accent now dropped , her tone deadly serious .
tr	NN	A brown squirrel ran across the gray asphalt , stopping at the double yellow line .
tr	NN	There was a bitter undertone but he left the room before it could be addressed .
tr	NNS	Others contended sharply that one way was the right way .
tr	NN	and a nervous inquiry as to whether anybody had remembered to bring the stakes and hammers .
tr	NN	The sergeant walked across the room several times and picked his squad one by one .
tr	NNS	His eyelids drooped and he dozed .
tr	NNS	" Good morning , ladies and gentlemen ... " The Virgin America desk attendant 's voice pierced the airport din , and Lexi startled .
tr	NN	A particularly vicious scar ran down the left side of his face and crossed his left eye .
tr	NNS	Things are different with you people .
tr	NN	The evil relic could wear any expression , and the kindness at that moment was its best defense .
tr	NN	The platoon leader touched his headset and turned to glance at Chesney .
tr	NN	The creak drowned out the heartbeats , the breathing .
tr	NNS	Others weren 't so lucky .
tr	NNS	Myles , behind his desk , didn 't look much happier .
tr	NNS	Drugs equaled now money .
tr	NN	The stack rolled over the cruiser and down the trunk .
tr	NN	" Fawkes ' witness was a scullery maid who 's worked here off and on when we need her for the last year and a half .
tr	NNS	Some readers have gone through Rome 's Revolution and found Rei and Rome unrealistic characters .
tr	NN	The conflict was widespread , but we racked up victory after victory with fewer casualties on our end .
tr	NN	The oar looked like a sword .
tr	NNS	The consequences for disobeying him are always harsh . "
tr	NNS	A few minutes later , the doorbell downstairs rang .
tr	NN	The slave hurried after , occasionally bumping into walls .
tr	NNS	" When I was first brought here , there were a few other captives .
tr	NNS	Her pupils dilated and her gaze lowered to his mouth .
tr	NN	History claimed they were a lesser species we had conquered long ago .
tr	NNS	The goddamn zombies have been our best allies yet .
tr	NNS	The pastel greens and blues under the clouds suddenly reminded her of Earth .
tr	NNS	I turned to see Max facing my bedroom door , hackles raised .
tr	NNS	Your species will benefit .
tr	NN	His hood covered his head , but Joshua took in the round , freckled face .
tr	NN	His tip slid into her mouth and the masculine taste of him was all it took .
tr	NN	A blush burned her cheeks .
tr	NN	Mom 's clothing was much the same as it had always been : simple skirt , practical shoes , and a soft sweater .
tr	NN	Only a group lack of imagination could account for people not wondering what went on in the dark around them .
tr	NNS	When he said that , my origins seemed so ... affirmed , and my desperation grew .
tr	NNS	Reyes stopped thinking when Danika 's hands anchored on his chest , her nails digging , stinging .
tr	NN	The lady 's maid confirmed this story .
tr	NN	Who is the Sub Unit commander ? "
tr	NN	With a single tug , his robe fell away from his body , leaving him bare .
tr	NNS	" My apologies , sir , my tongue got away from me .
tr	NN	but the yells weren 't ones of anger or pain .
tr	NN	The other factor that may have intrigued the empress was Gwendolyn 's prodigy skill levels with energy manipulation .
tr	NNS	The younger Youth League members crawled out from under the platform now , but they did not join in the accolades .
tr	NN	A hunter was beside the fence , one hand on his spear .
tr	NNS	Four ladies from their church hauled in enough food for a week .
tr	NNS	Muscles rippled in her stomach , and her hips arched in desperation , striving for release he wouldn 't give her .
tr	NNS	fours on what had once been a gravel path .
tr	NNS	Lots of people showed up who weren 't friends with him or anyone else on the ski team .
tr	NN	Hungry the goat was dead , his coat scorched and burnt .
tr	NN	The audience broke out in another wave of laughter and applause .
tr	NN	Only by destroying his every last particle will our victory be complete .
tr	NN	Her eyelids flutter shut , making me want to kiss them .
tr	NNS	But the ancestors countered the Circle 's defense with an even stronger attack , breaking down their protective barrier .
tr	NN	Terror ran through all eight of Scarborough 's legs at once , about what she was going to do next .
tr	NNS	" Yes , sir , the elevators are not working sir . "
tr	NNS	A discarded suitcase is all that stops my entry , its spilt contents gathered beneath the door , shoes and clothes acting as a doorstop .
tr	NN	The intersection wasn 't a busy one , at least ; only the two cars were damaged , though both of them appeared to be nearly totaled .
tr	NN	A specimen of LUCA , sliced in half , lay on the tray under the lenses .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared at that .
tr	NNS	Then ... the creatures stopped advancing .
tr	NN	About her hair , the great mass of thin strands of curved lengths sprouting from her head made life easy for her to manage .
tr	NN	Your coin will do me little good in the past .
tr	NN	Love totally understood that right now Julie had to be tempted to eat and this was the best way to go .
tr	NN	A tasteless plastic angel stood next to the maple tree on our lawn .
tr	NN	The tapping grew closer .
tr	NNS	* Chapter 63 As a mass , the rats had been an easy target .
tr	NN	When he 'd been alive , medicine had been little more than guesswork ; anything approaching an actual drug had been condemned as witchcraft .
tr	NNS	Words found willing hosts once more as Brick had to ask something .
tr	NN	The trailer shuddered at the weight of her steps .
tr	NNS	Others I 'd never seen before .
tr	NN	The email is a different story .
tr	NN	A wisp of something brushes my face , like a spiderweb , but when I turn I can 't see anything .
tr	NNS	Henry 's footsteps stomped up the stairs .
tr	NNS	Others choked on whatever was in their mouths .
tr	NNS	There were only a few inches between us , and if I moved just a little bit more , our lips would touch .
tr	NNS	Diggs got up to find a vending machine while I tried to work up the courage to call Maya Pearce .
tr	NN	My mp3 player changes songs and suddenly I 'm running along with a song about losing yourself to the music blasting in my ears .
tr	NNS	* Greece * Classes resumed after the Easter break and May was a busy month in the department .
tr	NNS	Wood chips flew down the stairway and a black boot in the air .
tr	NNS	The headlines were useless , one article dealing with problems in the Senate , and another about asteroids passing near to earth .
tr	NN	Again , that rolling growl came out of him .
tr	NNS	His cognitive skills are working just fine .
tr	NNS	His eyelids recoiled from the same blinding light that had ushered him from one nightmare to the other .
tr	NN	Josh 's shield wouldn 't protect him from physical violence .
tr	NN	History has records thousands of failures .
tr	NNS	" The risks are too great . "
tr	NN	" This email indicates that General White doesn 't want the world to know about the conclusion of the task force .
tr	NN	" You might want to take care of that frostbite , though , " the other medic said indifferently , pointing at my feet .
tr	NNS	Her non-human instincts were in full force .
tr	NNS	A hollow emptiness filled her even as she struggled to hold on to her composure .
tr	NNS	The band members looked at each other .
tr	NNS	Things can quickly get out of hand in Scotland . "
tr	NNS	" Any desserts tonight ? "
tr	NN	the county attorney asked .
tr	NNS	Flowers had once bloomed in abundance there but in the turmoil of the last few months everything had been allowed to wilt .
tr	NNS	There 's thousands of Wolves and Vampires .
tr	NNS	The twins were walking away .
tr	NNS	If the couches sat just as I 'd last seen them , the paintings on the walls worse still , the piano on its low platform ?
tr	NNS	Hearing a clang behind me , suddenly the tentacles release and drop at my feet .
tr	NN	The maid was sitting at Rebecca 's bedside , eyes filled with concern .
tr	NN	While the Communist government would certainly not permit elaborate private electronic security that could keep their police out , manpower here was both cheap and plentiful .
tr	NN	" We don 't know " said his uncle .
tr	NNS	However , on a planet with diminished gravity , insects could evolve to much greater dimensions . "
tr	NNS	Parts of it turned to notice , so she cloaked herself in darkness and created an apparition of herself .
tr	NN	Would a long engagement change any of the above ?
tr	NNS	But cookies kept her mind occupied and her hands moving so she couldn 't think about Michael and his new love .
tr	NNS	Curious what level of threat it needs to become before the law takes it seriously .
tr	NN	Her awe inspiring agility saves her life for the second time as she springs into a graceful gainer just as the blade returns to its owner .
tr	NN	Their government treats them badly and every ten years a war kills a few million more and they just keep living .
tr	NN	A bullet grazed my shoulder as I knelt taking time to reach for the semiautomatic on the concrete .
tr	NN	Hart 's voice had gone quiet , his warm hand cradling hers .
tr	NNS	Others will discredit them .
tr	NN	The grand elder called for Auron 's aid .
tr	NN	The pilot dropped down toward them , and Rachel then realized what this place was .
tr	NN	A huge boom shook the room as the door was blown off the wall and into the next room .
tr	NN	Unfortunately , their last engagement was this afternoon .
tr	NN	Every day , her belly grows , and we get one day closer .
tr	NN	The hook she 'd felt so clearly didn 't exist .
tr	NN	The captain said no .
tr	NNS	Even vamps can 't come back if you stake their hearts .
tr	NNS	Things he had no right to want anymore .
tr	NN	Late start today my slave .
tr	NN	The leader , oh my goodness !
tr	NNS	Two figures flashed across the street too quickly for her to make a positive identification .
tr	NNS	Chess said , finally taking my cheek and hand in his own .
tr	NN	" A bullet that would 've surely smacked you in the back and done some damage . "
tr	NNS	But with active cases , the stakes were higher .
tr	NNS	The mysteries of my past were about to unravel full force and I was completely unprepared for it .
tr	NNS	Others beside him , around him , in front of him now , all running .
tr	NN	The mountain range gradually transformed into low , rolling hills , and the greenery came back like a welcome blanket .
tr	NN	" No offense , T , but I hope you 're wrong . "
tr	NN	The lord rode into the fort with old Marlo leading the horse 's reins , and both men felt tired indeed .
tr	NNS	But the sobs escaped me anyway .
tr	NNS	Romulus screamed for him to see reason .
tr	NN	The static has faded .
tr	NN	The presidential election is only about a year away , and time moves quickly .
tr	NNS	After a moment , letters appeared on it .
tr	NN	A tremor shook his body .
tr	NNS	His pupils contracted , turning into tiny pricks of black .
tr	NNS	There were coyotes in the woods , and wolves .
tr	NNS	The same watery properties that kept the patients in the tanks moist and free of bedsores offered her some meager insulation .
tr	NNS	The concepts looked at each other amazed that success had found its way through such chaos .
tr	NNS	The fireflies claimed they 'd flown for hours and had to be exempted from watch duty that night .
tr	NN	It was so fast I was reminded of the cartoons I 'd watched as a kid , only this whirling mass of limbs was frighteningly real .
tr	NNS	Strangely , there were no bursts of gas .
tr	NNS	The torches nearly die in the wind , then bloom again like ghastly flowers .
tr	NN	His great-grandmother was indeed powerful .
tr	NNS	Things didn 't go exactly as planned , but I 'm not dead , so it 's a win .
tr	NN	There is some sentiment - in short , " he said abruptly , " you would do very well to moderate your activity .
tr	NN	" Where 's your outline for your paper ? "
tr	NNS	The runes blended with the mirror .
tr	NN	The Master will reveal Scamp 's successor in due time . "
tr	NN	All those interested in flag football , line up behind Mr. Simms .
tr	NN	The captain gripped the other man 's arm , " We 'll just have to do our best to see that nothing does . "
tr	NNS	There were no expressions , no faces to be seen , or gestures to be interpreted .
tr	NN	the lieutenant demanded , his eyes narrowing and his hand tightening around the hilt of his gun .
tr	NN	Above and to her left the long waterfall filled the chamber with a deafening roar .
tr	NNS	More tentacles shot out and grabbed her in the air .
tr	NN	The priest had piled every blanket available over Raven 's ice-cold body , but he was certain she had died from loss of blood .
tr	NNS	The chances of anyone having that kind of skill are nearly impossible . "
tr	NNS	On the other were rolling hills of green , green grass that spanned to the horizon .
tr	NN	" 53,000 feet , 390 knots , release activated , " said Bob calmly five seconds later .
tr	NNS	Other deaths followed , too , at times feeding the blue kelp into an incredible spurt of growth .
tr	NN	The sheriff weren 't no man of the people .
tr	NN	There was obviously a design in the dark carved wood , with bits of white painted on carved shapes .
tr	NNS	But as I walked further underground , footsteps sounded behind me .
tr	NN	The air conditioning kicked in , sending a stream of cool air against his forehead .
tr	NNS	We should stick to the path , forks will confuse them . "
tr	NNS	Hephaestus hugged her and he put his chin on Aphrodite 's shoulder .
tr	NNS	Others were thinking about the amount of lives that may be lost .
tr	NNS	Sadly , there were no guarantees , and nobody ever gave you a do-over when it mattered .
tr	NN	This hobbit was a very well-to-do hobbit , and his name was Baggins .
tr	NN	My grandmother and her umbrella are behind her .
tr	NNS	Most teachers , and indeed parents , looked down on her students and couldn 't understand why she was so fiercely proud and protective of them .
tr	NNS	Soldiers moved about , shifted position into their formal units .
tr	NN	The stench of rotting trash filled the bathroom which caused Wayne to gag .
tr	NN	The cable then gently touched down on the surface .
tr	NNS	Folks on juries have always understood that you smoke at your own risk . "
tr	NNS	The media hadn 't changed since her father 's arrest .
tr	NN	The shorter thug snatched it away with one hand while simultaneously burying his other fist in his victim 's stomach .
tr	NNS	Hands gripped my waist and hauled me to my feet .
tr	NN	The balance is off . "
tr	NN	The adrenaline doesn 't fade . "
tr	NNS	Anthony types in ' white elves , ' but none of the results are of much significance .
tr	NNS	Although she stood in the midst of the moving masses , their footsteps avoided her , as if she were in a protective bubble .
tr	NNS	There were differences in the paths of their lives , but only in the most heartbreaking ways .
tr	NN	The sheriff would not admit to anyone that he felt somewhat revitalized professionally by having Ali in his lockup .
tr	NN	" Half the defense spending on that continent goes through her . "
tr	NN	No thief am I. " A wave of uneasiness washed over her .
tr	NN	For days he remained this way while he healed , his savior never fully revealing himself .
tr	NN	The contract from Barbara 's Bugs had seen to that .
tr	NNS	But his letters were never like this .
tr	NN	Taylor 's grandmother wasn 't present in the room , which meant that she was one of the dead , the turned , or the burned .
tr	NNS	Hands clamped down over her windpipe and she gasped for air .
tr	NNS	Cassius looked at ease .
tr	NNS	Two mech wolves glared at him from the courtyard periphery .
tr	NN	" At the grocery store ? "
tr	NN	A chip of this stuff makes nuclear waste look like secondhand smoke .
tr	NNS	The winds whirled and screamed around him .
tr	NNS	But there are so many competitors that you need to grow a trunk and get high and pretty soon you have a canopy .
tr	NNS	By a very sensational serial killer , some newspapers mused .
tr	NN	The mechanism for moving it looks different , as well . "
tr	NNS	For me , making apologies ranked up there with having a bull come down on my foot .
tr	NN	Each stroke made it more difficult to follow his orders .
tr	NNS	He cases my face in both of his hands and tilts my face up toward his .
tr	NN	" Oh , I think he saw it all long ago , " the old hermit nodded .
tr	NN	The vise appears to be in someone 's garage sometime in 1989 .
tr	NNS	A few master technicians taught the rest of the workers how to do the simpler repairs .
tr	NN	That hierarchy collapses when the lower ranks openly refuse to obey a superior 's orders .
tr	NN	" Who was that young gentleman ? "
tr	NNS	His thumbs moved over her cheeks , his hands strong yet tender as he held her right there , dipping his head to hers again .
tr	NN	A roar left him , his entire body bowing .
tr	NN	" No offense , but why would the Counts wait until those creatures got out of hand ?
tr	NNS	The drums and the dancing would begin .
tr	NN	The townsfolk also seemed to sense the terror and cowered where they stood , shrunk behind doorways and walls , or fled .
tr	NNS	The costumes they chose resembled ravens .
tr	NNS	A few more inches and she might have impaled herself on the beast 's antlers .
tr	NN	The oracle was creatively using her age-related infirmities as part of the act .
tr	NN	A young gentleman entered the room .
tr	NNS	The bridesmaids looked gorgeous in mauve dresses .
tr	NNS	" In hamlets that have less than a thousand people , the Others don 't have a Courtyard .
tr	NNS	In the back seats , attached around the driver 's and the front passenger 's seats are two small televisions .
tr	NN	" Ok , if we don 't have money for an expert , we use the experts we got .
tr	NNS	His instincts told him something was amiss and he trusted them implicitly .
tr	NN	Your fake Holey won 't work with me . "
tr	NNS	The colors , lime-green , orange and turquoise , immediately brought a smile to Carol 's face .
tr	NN	" What 's the status ? "
tr	NN	" Now there 's a mystical folk . "
tr	NNS	Gramps sits between me and Penny 's mom and points Penny out to me right before they toss the puck and all hell breaks loose .
tr	NN	A bump sounded behind him .
tr	NNS	The frames of the basement windows seemed quite ordinary and they were , but the panes of " glass " were actually quarter-inch thick pieces of polycarbonate .
tr	NN	The oracle acted alone .
tr	NNS	Her strongest attempts to make the world a better place had been her demise at her job .
tr	NNS	Nerves jumbled her system , leaving her jittery .
tr	NN	" No kidding , " she muttered under her breath .
tr	NN	His safety harness tightened as he leaned forward in reaction to the boat hitting the next wave .
tr	NN	" Mac , no slave likes to be a slave .
tr	NN	I mean , this belly is more like a. . . "
tr	NN	I ' l tel you when we 're done . "
tr	NN	The cart turned on two wheels and started tumbling down the hill alongside the horse .
tr	NNS	The chances of her injuring them was somewhat high , because they wouldn 't have wanted to injure my grandmother .
tr	NNS	Extensive ball preparations during the previous week meant that everyone was behind on their homework .
tr	NNS	Looks like sandbags to me . "
tr	NNS	The trousers and loafers worked well with the sweater .
tr	NN	" But a maid must accompany her and would - " " No . "
tr	NN	Her grandmother snapped the peas apart , her movements more frenetic than before .
tr	NN	Suddenly this college student who only signed his name as Xander was significant to the Vice President of the United States .
tr	NN	" The bastard thought I 'd be long dead by the time you were free .
tr	NNS	Her instincts told her to cool it down before Ryan tried to open it .
tr	NNS	The shouts were so sudden , so unexpected , that Matisse jumped .
tr	NN	The white-hot lust he felt , that stark awareness between them , could just wind up hurting them both .
tr	NN	Beyond her body , the drifting mass collided into the length of the emergency ladder .
tr	NN	Somehow the bay was still air locked , but his heart pounded as he strove to believe it .
tr	NN	The indents by his h * ps tensed , drawing my attention for far too long to be decent .
tr	NN	And their reputation and position as England 's premier pack was one that had to be defended constantly .
tr	NNS	Flowers covered the floor , springing up all over , lining a path that led from the bed through the archway to the chamber with the pool .
tr	NN	The posture was one of alert stillness .
tr	NN	With a stinging flash , the leopard became a tattoo .
tr	NNS	Giving her a sympathetic smile , the duchess nodded .
tr	NNS	Weapon supplies , fur , and pots in which she supposed foodstuffs were kept lined one side of the hut .
tr	NNS	" Just how bad were the cookies ? "
tr	NNS	The duchess looked slightly alarmed for the first time .
tr	NNS	Tris makes a face at me , then she and Christina cross the room to get their own weapons .
tr	NN	A massive rope crossed the atmospheres , tethering the two planets together .
tr	NNS	There are neon signs lighting up and exploding in my head , but I still can 't see the connection .
tr	NN	Her daddy sure thinks you did . "
tr	NN	The only difficulty had been staying away from the forest .
tr	NNS	The media had gone crazy with the story once it went live , and there was no way Mom could worry about what her friends said anymore .
tr	NNS	Verity stumbled along beside him , her footsteps made awkward by the combination of Jonas 's tight hold and by her own shimmering sense of anticipation .
tr	NNS	Things lit up in the sky around her , but she saw another flying streak hit Jonathan on his leg before bursting into flame .
tr	NN	There 's also brain damage . "
tr	NN	The tumble knocked the wind out of me as I exhaled with a painful , " Oof . "
tr	NNS	His captains cheered and his army followed their lead .
tr	NN	" You are his queen , " the oracle went on .
tr	NN	The value of real estate was slow coming back , but there was talk of a big food manufacturer wanting to build a plant in Fruit Ridge .
tr	NN	The storage compartment was in front of her .
tr	NNS	The classes were to occur in my office and you two are more than welcome to come and see for yourself that my intentions are to help .
tr	NN	My grandmother paid me a visit . "
tr	NN	The Silver had led the way , and Thor , Reece and the others followed .
tr	NNS	But as the weeks went by , turning into months , the e-mails and phone calls had lessened significantly .
tr	NNS	A few drops of it had poured on the bed , though it didn 't seem as though it had been done so deliberately .
tr	NNS	Two more kicks and she 'd be in .
tr	NN	That word chase , he had made clear before , was something he never did .
tr	NNS	My own instincts kicked in , protecting Ethan at the top of my list .
tr	NNS	Things are strange here , though I can 't put my finger squarely on the source .
tr	NN	Part of ruling is making hard choices to ensure prosperity .
tr	NNS	Suddenly the goons stopped moving , and the Haunter stood up .
tr	NNS	There are limited spaces with unlimited tests .
tr	NNS	Plus these desserts do come in generous helpings as you can see . "
tr	NNS	The hard hills and the mountains you have climbed , we have sung to you , Beloved .
tr	NNS	The mahogany bookshelves gleamed .
tr	NN	' Your personal laptop , Mr Murphy . '
tr	NNS	And the creatures footsteps hammering through the dark corridors grew louder .
tr	NN	Morning came early , still a bit dark outside , though there was a hint of the sun on the eastern horizon .
tr	NNS	If not , their search efforts were going to be hindered by the snowstorm .
tr	NN	The elegantly dressed woman held out a hand in greeting .
tr	NN	A thud on the foot of the bed made Martin jump .
tr	NNS	" How long are the ladies going to be gone ? "
tr	NNS	His footsteps were silent in buckskin slippers .
tr	NNS	And , because of that , the excess funds would result in bonus checks for a lot of people who had worked really hard , including Laura .
tr	NNS	Things would never be the same without him , but he couldn 't give in to him , not this time .
tr	NN	For some reason a chuckle burst out of Tick .
tr	NNS	" Your fans are idiots . "
tr	NNS	But the bigger a crowd I allowed myself to be in , the greater my chances of being recognized .
tr	NN	The government here guards its mineral reserves jealously .
tr	NNS	Looks like varying thread count to each weave .
tr	NN	No way my bike was causing all this bullshit .
tr	NN	As always with winking , there was no puff of smoke , no flash of light or sound .
tr	NN	A suspect with a motive may be just someone in the wrong place at the wrong time . "
tr	NNS	The chains began to shake against her body this time , responding to Adrien 's concentration .
tr	NN	How far will his loyalty go ?
tr	NN	In the blink of an eye , my clothing was off and the most comfy pajamas I could imagine were on .
tr	NNS	There are thousands of them ! "
tr	NNS	Tiny strips , over and over , I can 't keep still .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids flipped wide open .
tr	NNS	" Your Highness , " she said , trying to pull her hand from his .
tr	NNS	Receipts and business cards fluttered to the carpet .
tr	NNS	These lockers were very small and the numbers started in the 1000s so I knew immediately that this was not the place .
tr	NN	Then another thud and the doors began to open .
tr	NN	The high ceiling soared above them , exposed iron beams holding up the roof .
tr	NN	The tech took the tiny drive from his hand with the program that would allow Josef to take over the computers from a distance .
tr	NNS	" There are surveillance cameras all over the grocery store . "
tr	NNS	The possibilities seemed endless .
tr	NNS	But the clients think we must come here to do it .
tr	NNS	If it were a crime of passion , the preparations were remarkably elaborate .
tr	NNS	The negotiations will fall squarely into your lap ... where they belong . "
tr	NNS	The warriors came by sea , and descended upon us by night from the forests .
tr	NNS	These other dimensions are infinite , so there are a great deal of them for us to discover . '
tr	NN	" Why don 't you stop at my apartment later , " Ted 's grandmother said unexpectedly .
tr	NNS	Looks like it hurts . "
tr	NN	His nausea had won out over his morbid interest ; he again closed his eyes and settled back against the seat behind him .
tr	NN	" No offense , Kimbra , but you are out of your league with this situation . "
tr	NNS	Looks like someone is going to need to pay the taxman . "
tr	NN	What was it the madman had said ?
tr	NN	The lust he felt for her filled him .
tr	NN	A chasm circled the entire circumference .
tr	NN	The gentry lacked most of the technology of my own world .
tr	NN	The nimble thief took her chance , dropping under his guard .
tr	NNS	The spices filled her mouth at the same moment it dawned on her just how intimate a moment they were sharing .
tr	NNS	His echolocation skills were the most helpful while he was in bat form .
tr	NN	The defense secretary still stood beside Robert Gant with a hand on the man 's shoulder .
tr	NNS	Dragons imbued a certain kind of fear in most people , regardless of what world they came from .
tr	NN	A copper coin landed in the dust at Jain 's bare feet .
tr	NNS	The two werewolves he had were trying to do battle with older , stronger vampires .
tr	NNS	Maybe the pirates will give up .
tr	NNS	" Office romances never end right . "
tr	NNS	Others had their chest ripped open . "
tr	NN	The email disappeared in a flash .
tr	NN	President Shepherd 's press secretary , Evan Schultz , is getting ready to address the nation .
tr	NN	A white dragon swooped down and snapped up a carriage of soldiers , tossing them like toys .
tr	NNS	There were numerous exits from the EOD building .
tr	NN	If there was something out there in the night , something that knew more about him perhaps than anyone did , he couldn , t feel it .
tr	NNS	" Your lies and foolish attempts at deception just fell apart , and now you 're all alone .
tr	NN	The photograph showed the wear and tear of being handled daily for all those years , but he didn 't notice the difference .
tr	NNS	The two thermal images on the screen seemed to merge .
tr	NNS	There were a few dried flower petals beside one of them , but most looked largely abandoned .
tr	NN	Love is flesh and blood .
tr	NNS	" Well -- one employee 's claims have spiked .
tr	NNS	" No , the shapeshifters walk out , and any chance of an alliance is gone forever . "
tr	NNS	There was a fierceness in her look .
tr	NNS	" My apologies for the intrusion , " he said .
tr	NN	The honor went to ten of their eldest .
tr	NNS	Parts of them looked to be on fire in the same way that the fish were .
tr	NN	But the command guiding his actions is weak .
tr	NN	" The adrenaline was still pumping from the kill .
tr	NN	The audience was in shock .
tr	NNS	Eventually , the drops began to quiver , then roll down the glass like tears .
tr	NNS	" Then the shifters need a Council . "
tr	NN	I just wish I could have been there to see the expression on that punks face , " the admiral said .
tr	NNS	Ivan 's feeble attempts had been foolish .
tr	NNS	To either side , bookshelves rose to the rafters , crammed with dusty tomes and rolled parchments .
tr	NNS	The three nurses watched and blinked lights .
tr	NNS	Reyes towered in front of her , cut and bleeding .
tr	NN	The next page was a picture of her mom and dad together .
tr	NN	The chaos that was always hovering at the edge of his awareness crashed into his mind , unraveling it ... No .
tr	NN	" Don 't be , " the Ancient said , taking both Calypso and Alicia by surprise , hearing him speak for the first time .
tr	NN	A model of a clipper ship stretched across the length of the coffee table .
tr	NN	The inability of the male to see that he was causing Raven pain did not absolve his sin .
tr	NN	The particular model slithering over the surface of the water moon , was an ancient relic , felt underused by its designers .
tr	NN	" I , ah , ah , really don 't know .
tr	NN	The announcement gave us that reason , helped the public understand why they 'd joined the fight and why we weren 't arresting them on sight . "
tr	NN	The guilt at the truth of her statement helped him wrestle his temper back under control .
tr	NN	" No offense , " Zack said , " but why would anyone bother to kill the Sentinel ?
tr	NN	" The vote was fair , at the time .
tr	NN	Jason 's agitation seemed to gradually calm as he stared into the small campfire .
tr	NN	" A five year term in the State pen . "
tr	NNS	Here and there around the perimeter of the lake Jonas could see cabins hidden in the dark shelter of the trees .
tr	NN	The intruder brings his sword up showing that he is ready to counter her attack .
tr	NN	Their sweet fragrance wreathed his senses like a silken ribbon .
tr	NN	The porter had been helpful and kind , answering her many questions and making two rowdy salesmen intent on bothering her relocate to a different car .
tr	NN	The pit you feel in your belly 's just buyer 's remorse .
tr	NN	By now the exchange was drawing the gaze of others in the office .
tr	NN	The cocky little bastards .
tr	NN	Daemon 's scowl went up a notch , and I grinned .
tr	NN	There was a gleam to the man 's eyes as he smiled .
tr	NN	Either the lava started to get deeper or the boulder was beginning to turn molten from the intense heat .
tr	NN	The nap has made me feel worse not better . '
tr	NNS	Reyes moved in a state of shock .
tr	NN	The general store delivery arrived that afternoon , and Sheriff Lindsey accompanied the cart .
tr	NN	In most places , their cotton was almost as tall as I was .
tr	NN	Part of me hoped he would .
tr	NN	As it happens , my birthday got in the way .
tr	NN	" Your chip had a mike . "
tr	NN	" My warrior instinct is to protect the girl , but the magic of the Sorceress runs deep in my veins . "
tr	NNS	The servants had secured Christine by the arms by the time the boy had strode triumphantly out of the ocean , with the sopping scarf held high .
tr	NNS	Merely exotic beverages or unusual items , " he assured her with a laugh .
tr	NN	she thought will a grim chuckle .
tr	NN	The girl smiled at us , showing me my illusion was holding up .
tr	NN	This chandelier was damned near spectacular .
tr	NNS	The chills were worse now and he couldn 't control the awful shaking .
tr	NN	There was no other option .
tr	NN	the old knight implored of them .
tr	NN	The teacher looked relaxed and smiled as the students entered the room .
tr	NN	The gentleman in me forced me out of the car and had me holding the door for her , until she was safely inside and buckled up .
tr	NN	Remarkably , his robe was still sparkling white , while the clothing of all the others was filthy and worn .
tr	NNS	The sirens were very close now , winding down , someone spooling up that shimmering luminous ribbon and , once again , the sound of breaking glass .
tr	NN	'Cause Storm sure thinks you are .
tr	NNS	Above her , two thuds sounded .
tr	NNS	The offensive actions alerted his sensors to the immediately disclosed location of several other Greyhounds .
tr	NN	The first strike did not take his head , so she hacked and hacked until it fell off .
tr	NNS	Others have passed , from this side to your side and I am afraid their motives are not pure .
tr	NN	Never in his memory had he watched one player so completely engineer a defeat and lose a game that was so clearly won .
tr	NNS	Girls love this so much .
tr	NNS	Our so-called leaders in Washington D.C. were well on their way to driving this country into the ground before we were knocked flat by the sun .
tr	NN	" This staircase takes us to a new level of the cavern system . "
tr	NN	We ' l have to get Charlotte .
tr	NN	And her gown ... Ryan could scarcely breathe as he watched her approach .
tr	NNS	If alerted quickly , would the authorities be able to guess where these men might be headed ?
tr	NNS	You are so lucky , their expressions seemed to say when they caught my eyes .
tr	NN	The discomfort was starting to build far past the tolerance point .
tr	NN	The trio hung their heads , a unified image of sadness at their failure to save a life .
tr	NNS	His kisses trailed off to her ear , then her neck , all while his fingertips grazed the top of her private hair line .
tr	NNS	LLB funds , together with cash from untraceable sources , found its way into secret accounts intended to finance their long term goals .
tr	NN	The tray was there but there was something on the tray .
tr	NNS	Now , murmurs arose .
tr	NNS	Only , all the old lies he 'd always told himself weren 't working anymore .
tr	NNS	The images seemed to lurch into reverse suddenly , traveling backward through time .
tr	NNS	" Names and addresses of survivors ... " " What survivors ? "
tr	NN	The clang of free weights hitting supports .
tr	NN	" Ok , ok , stop making me guess , who is it ? "
tr	NN	The dragon moved backwards but was still alive .
tr	NNS	Others were standing in shock around him .
tr	NNS	" There 's med supplies in there . "
tr	NNS	About half past nine the last drinkers left and then it was just her tidying up .
tr	NN	The female suspect in custody was not the killer on the night in question .
tr	NNS	Images flashed in my mind .
tr	NN	" It 's time Diana found out what sort of people she has around her . "
tr	NNS	On the table were warm scones , butter and jam .
tr	NN	The pencil faded in slowly , looking like a ghost of itself at first , before finally becoming solid .
tr	NNS	Others around him slept without a qualm .
tr	NNS	The duchess finally conceded defeat with an imperceptible inclination of her immaculately coiffed head .
tr	NNS	They woke up Ada and Matilda , and by the time they gathered some of their possessions , the whole downstairs had filled with black smoke .
tr	NN	His reputation suffered . "
tr	NN	The home page dissolved , to be replaced with a couple of paragraphs superimposed over a photograph of the rainforest .
tr	NN	There was an itch on my neck .
tr	NNS	Wooden decks gleamed , and from what I could see of the interior , it was furnished as nicely as Owen 's house .
tr	NNS	Here Buddha images are still present , some carved into stone , and others mounted where they have rested since being placed there .
tr	NN	To make matters worse , dawn outlined the curtains , and his clothes were still in the washer .
tr	NN	Wait a little bit , I ' l look for right this on the internet .
tr	NNS	Upon the ceiling were paintings of glorious episodes depicted by a great artist .
tr	NNS	Don 't pirates ever take showers ?
tr	NN	Thunder and lightning echoed as Rain pulled her back into the hallway .
tr	NN	" Get them out , " my reflection said .
tr	NN	The yard was generally well-kept but had once known a more diligent hand ; he could tell that right away .
tr	NNS	" And my acting skills are also great .
tr	NNS	Beyond the neatly groomed and manicured gardens , rolling hills and pastures disappeared into a thick forest of tall trees .
tr	NNS	Looks like something 's wrong . "
tr	NNS	The countess removed her glasses and set them on the blotter .
tr	NNS	Panic blooms in her gut , twisting its way up her chest like a sharpened knife .
tr	NN	' The photograph ... it got to me somehow . '
tr	NN	A gangly goblin stumbled in through the doorway , a squealing horn bleating at his lips .
tr	NNS	Inside my dad hugs Laila .
tr	NNS	The poor victim 's actions caused Rita and Nellie to double up in hysterical laughter .
tr	NNS	" Yeah , don 't you ladies come in generations ?
tr	NN	The gym teacher , a thin , wispy woman known to Kenneth as Mrs. Wren , scowled at him .
tr	NNS	Others saw them and followed .
tr	NN	On her desk is a big colorful salad .
tr	NN	The audience slowly started to trickle out and my group gathered around me again .
tr	NNS	Suspicious , accusing looks .
tr	NN	I don , t know what happened to its trading outposts .
tr	NN	" Or email , or even just text . "
tr	NNS	Revealing regions that should never be left exposed .
tr	NNS	Alexis opened her eyes and stared at the building .
tr	NN	Scarlett 's grandmother put her hand on her hip as she stood in the entry to the kitchen and studied her granddaughter .
tr	NN	The roar of the engines had faded to a low drone .
tr	NN	The mournful hoot of an owl carried clearly in the still air .
tr	NNS	Words he hadn 't known were within him churned .
tr	NN	Headquarters was quick to answer .
tr	NN	And three half-full glasses .
tr	NNS	" The rats reached him before we did . "
tr	NN	Her mascara had run , ruining the impossible perfection of her face .
tr	NNS	Questions haunted her over the last two years .
tr	NN	The Folklore cocktail had been very short ( as he was driving ) and Mrs Folklore 's chattering very long .
tr	NNS	" Parts of legends disappear , son , don 't mean they 're any less true . "
tr	NNS	The three band members positively put their faith in the songs .
tr	NNS	Through the gray , billowing smoke , five figures rushed toward the kitchen door and out to safety .
tr	NNS	Only about six inches of it on the ground at the moment , which was as good as it got in upstate New York in early January .
tr	NN	The clearing reaches as far as the first gently sloping grassy hill that we need to climb as we inch closer to the mountain ahead .
tr	NN	Your loyalty and friendship to one another has moved me though , no other test of your character is needed .
tr	NNS	Disconnected images flicked past .
tr	NNS	Lights from the deck and the cabin cast a soft shine on the water .
tr	NN	She 'd spent more than an hour being grilled , the dull throbbing at her temples a testimony to the thoroughness of their questioning .
tr	NN	Quinn looked at me , then opened the blast shield .
tr	NNS	There were rumours he was out now , but had never dared return .
tr	NN	The knocker on the door announced another visitor .
tr	NN	However , when one lady asked him to recite a poem , the bard bowed and cleared his throat as they waited patiently .
tr	NNS	Things were slow today , and I quickly rectified the problem by making an online reservation on my phone .
tr	NN	Her grandmother couldn 't help her stop whatever this was .
tr	NN	His soft chuckle turned some of my fear to anger .
tr	NNS	Barker 's personal living quarters rivals the mayor 's own , yet Barker has no official job title or description .
tr	NNS	His night vision binoculars make it a lot easier to see every inch of the oval , silver colored ships darting about the underwater city .
tr	NN	Well , the crown was here , so the mice must be in trouble .
tr	NNS	Flames from a healthy fire licked at the undersides of the metal pot .
tr	NN	Perhaps a plummeting crash into the Gulf of Corinth was going to be the destiny he had been scanning philosophically only an hour before .
tr	NNS	More seats exploded , and fire swelled high into the aisles .
tr	NNS	Flames crawled up to the ceiling and burned down toward the floor .
tr	NN	Somewhere her tiger tail flicks with displeasure .
tr	NN	The gnome settlement had a name at last .
tr	NN	The unicorn leaped nimbly aside , lashing out with its hooves .
tr	NNS	Flowers began blooming all around us and the branches of the willow trees swayed back and forth even though the air was still .
tr	NN	Your Nicole took care of Maddy .
tr	NN	Fortunately the nightclub was nearly empty .
tr	NN	With each subsequent cold , dark , night , the death toll climbed , taking its victims from the most vulnerable .
tr	NNS	A few flakes of rust drifted to the ground .
tr	NNS	Earliest texts also contend that the true Grail contained Jesus ' sweat .
tr	NN	A twig snapped behind him in the profound silence , the vicar spun and held his breath .
tr	NNS	The youngest cousins were playing in the slowly forming puddles .
tr	NNS	Her expressions are different , and I can 't read her face anymore .
tr	NNS	Nerves strained universal y .
tr	NNS	Reyes hunched over , trying to catch his breath .
tr	NNS	Alexis told him that he could injure Dwayne , but not kill him .
tr	NN	After the Devil 's Handbag . "
tr	NNS	Sometimes , wherever the trees broke the wind , the roads were fine and I had no problem getting home from the wolf center .
tr	NNS	Hurling insults to my face must be far more fun . "
tr	NN	The pup ran behind the couch in the living area to hide .
tr	NN	Her coven is not the only coven out there .
tr	NNS	The Jets swooped down , arriving before all but the Racers .
tr	NNS	Things were looking up .
tr	NNS	' Your experiments end here .
tr	NNS	" Now , " said the woman , " Tell me , where are my Jewels ? "
tr	NNS	Her sandals snapped on the linoleum floor , sounding obscenely loud .
tr	NNS	Four rows of fangs gleamed inside .
tr	NN	chapter twenty-seven My brain is in overload .
tr	NN	" They want you gone from the country , " says the blond agent .
tr	NN	There is an avoidance in everything .
tr	NN	It ' ll get all over the trunk of the Cadillac when you shove me inside . "
tr	NN	The lad 's forearm had been badly broken , just below the elbow .
tr	NNS	His golden locks all lay in a ruffled mass at the side of his head .
tr	NN	In a roundabout manner , Star 's unease served to calm Winston 's own jitters .
tr	NN	" The embroidery on your jacket , " she points out .
tr	NN	DVD 's on one side , VCR tapes on the other .
tr	NNS	Finally the footsteps retreated , quick and determined now .
tr	NNS	" The films , the movie makers , you know ? "
tr	NNS	Screams and shouts caught his ears , a strangled chorus of the Mad and the dying .
tr	NN	A roar paused the fighting as Breathless appeared from over the tree line .
tr	NNS	Those two idiots don 't stand a chance .
tr	NN	Now his weariness had caught up with him .
tr	NNS	Two pirates crisscrossed down the ship towards me .
tr	NN	The peasant , only a few years older than himself , stood and spoke like a nobleman .
tr	NNS	There were many small factions of wolves scattered around the world , but they were not considered fully operating Packs .
tr	NNS	Since Jess had come to town , the midnight creatures were pushing their way in , a little closer every night .
tr	NNS	More serpentine figures formed around the original and converged upon it .
tr	NNS	Her instincts were primitive ; she wanted to barricade herself against him , wall him out .
tr	NN	" You see the problem now , " said the boy calmly .
tr	NN	A long gold runner stretched from one end of the hall to the other .
tr	NN	A hidden compartment opened , and she extracted a miniature camera and a pair of thin , latex gloves .
tr	NNS	The rumours are true ; the hand of evil reaches south .
tr	NNS	Images of it receded into the distance , in stately procession .
tr	NN	It was putty , ' Love said .
tr	NNS	There are so many paintings , all with the same plot .
tr	NNS	As the shadows lengthened and the dappled sunshine faded , the first pangs of hunger rumbled in my stomach .
tr	NN	" This uncle is the same one who gave you the knife after Milo Gervais 's murder ? "
tr	NNS	The sessions were a great relief at first .
tr	NNS	High tech gadgets surrounded her , lighting up in neon colors .
tr	NN	What if the teacher hated me ?
tr	NNS	Her cheekbones were making an appearance .
tr	NN	That snotty , little bitch can communicate without words to her father . "
tr	NNS	The Riverside bleachers , on the opposite side with even fewer spectators , were quiet with disappointment , their sidelines peppered with hanging heads .
tr	NNS	" Mia , you won 't be strong enough to contain them both on your own , werewolves are very powerful and very fast . "
tr	NN	In the alley outside the building , dusk was luring night into the city .
tr	NN	" How 's progress ? "
tr	NNS	What were the chances of his wife 's friendliness being benign , accidental ?
tr	NN	A bullet to the heart wasn 't normally an error .
tr	NNS	Trajan 's footsteps coming up the stairs make me edgy .
tr	NN	An unknown instinct propelled him forward , a whispering of ages before him .
tr	NN	One day , a barber was trimming the mayor 's beard at the village palace .
tr	NNS	The floors and walls begin to rattle then shake violently .
tr	NN	There was one poster in that showcase window where a woman had a large green Mohawk hair-do .
tr	NN	" Now , we take a little walk down toward the beach , " the intruder said .
tr	NNS	His movements were anxious .
tr	NNS	His business associates and male friends never talked about relationships .
tr	NNS	With smal swords in hand , the twins charged past them , shooting around the gate .
tr	NNS	There were probably servants lurking in the corridors .
tr	NNS	Inside the palace , drapes of gold and silver filled the throne room as well as subjects from each kingdom .
tr	NN	" Only a priest can consecrate wine . "
tr	NN	The pen squeaks as he scribbles something down .
tr	NN	" And y ' all are going ... " " To Chicago , " Mathew said .
tr	NN	A trickle of water ran down one crusted wall .
tr	NN	A single spotlight clicked on , bathing Chase .
tr	NN	The hermit bowed his head .
tr	NN	After climbing out of his own cruiser , the sheriff ambled over to the driver 's side of the first vehicle while Constance waited in the yard .
tr	NN	Again a sob was rising .
tr	NNS	These creatures were getting much too close to his nest .
tr	NN	Oh , my God ... Nausea rose sharply .
tr	NNS	Werewolves and shifters never wore silver jewelry .
tr	NN	Hale 's uncle stepped forward .
tr	NNS	" Why are seals winking at us ? "
tr	NN	My blush deepened , but I struck my best model pose , throwing one hand up in the air and thrusting out a hip .
tr	NN	A radiant bouquet of flowers in a pink , shimmering wrap sits there .
tr	NN	Just then , a young sergeant came into the room from a flight of stairs opposite the bar .
tr	NN	A large bump announced their arrival on the gray ship .
tr	NN	- The first option is that you will live with me .
tr	NNS	All his instincts told him that the ghoul was hiding something .
tr	NNS	Others looked at her as if they were looking at some dangerous lunatic .
tr	NNS	Discreet business cards next to each item gave the name and a brief description of the work , the year it was created , and the price .
tr	NN	There was a familiar glint in his eyes .
tr	NNS	His thrusts grew harder .
tr	NN	The light tap on the side door startled her .
tr	NNS	There are a few whispers but mostly , not many are aware of the situation .
tr	NN	The redhead smiled at her .
tr	NNS	His humorless laugh chilled her .
tr	NNS	If they break a window or push in a door , the sirens will blast us from all four corners of the house . "
tr	NN	An unexpected ( but enthusiastically welcomed ) benefit to leaving the full-time job grind was that I had already dropped seven pounds .
tr	NNS	Your scales are my armor .
tr	NNS	The sand warriors were manifesting out of the sand of the vast chamber , a growing , writhing cornfield of faceless warriors charging towards me .
tr	NN	Sometime during my nap , the pain medication wore off .
tr	NNS	Bottles fell forward onto the floor , striking his head on the baseboard .
tr	NNS	When the smoke clears , and I have won , the deaths will all be on you . "
tr	NNS	Ahead of Luc , the strands of wheat stirred .
tr	NN	' You ' l kil the ones you love ? '
tr	NNS	The possibilities are endless . "
tr	NN	A sparkle of bright light in the distance catches his attention .
tr	NN	The shrink tries again before turning to mom .
tr	NNS	Male and female figures mixed with others obtained with the computer , materialize over their heads .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of balls and parties fled her mind .
tr	NN	But ah don 't know .
tr	NN	A cascade of colors and threads leapt from his fingers .
tr	NNS	Why dash her hopes of ever becoming a grandma ?
tr	NNS	But public appearances weren 't an option , not unless we went for a night on the town with the Keepers .
tr	NNS	And the elves are alive and hunting us .
tr	NN	" What 's our status ? "
tr	NN	The automatic lamp flickered on , signaling nightfall .
tr	NN	There is a housing development in Leamington Spa , a small town in Warwickshire , where I spent my childhood .
tr	NN	And then , with a rush of air , the werewolf vanished .
tr	NN	Our tribe had around this many men . "
tr	NN	The Flame 's description had been accurate : not much larger than a war horse , with a cat-like face .
tr	NNS	If you put it on wrong , or it was defective or old , the chances of pregnancy increase , Kennedy . "
tr	NN	A large rectangular strip slowly dislodged from beneath the ship , landing on the ground below as a ramp .
tr	NN	" If that 's what our country is coming to , then my political career will be over .
tr	NNS	Waves churned up , wetting her thighs .
tr	NNS	There are always consequences .
tr	NN	The only strange addition to her lovely gown was a holster that was strapped to her back and housed an obscure , thin object inside it .
tr	NNS	The black creatures and their kind were much too close .
tr	NN	There 's a tight pinch in my left bicep .
tr	NNS	But what did the idiots expect if they hung out in a Shifter bar ?
tr	NN	But her mouth clamped closed .
tr	NN	Her spine arched of its own accord and goosebumps broke out along the backs of her arms .
tr	NN	They had set both feet in almost every city in the world , smelled the smells , drank the teas .
tr	NN	His jaw ticked and his angry frown deepened .
tr	NNS	The cats strolled around as if they owned the place and seemed quite contented .
tr	NNS	They circled the group , snorting and pawing the ground , their horns lowered for another charge .
tr	NNS	Other disgruntled murmurs followed .
tr	NN	The tail drew them both into its grasp and a deep abyss , until they disappeared in boiling rocks and smoke .
tr	NN	Part of him was hoping and praying that it was all just fooling around ; but part of him knew better .
tr	NN	A screw was just under his hand , digging into him .
tr	NNS	My footsteps are soundless on the olive green carpeting .
tr	NN	The City government , if not an actual partner in the endeavor , was benign enough to raise no obstacles .
tr	NN	Modern science has made some intriguing discoveries during the last century .
tr	NN	The ambassador 's secretary raised his eyes to the heavens .
tr	NN	The next bullet hit me in the right shoulder , the impact flinging my arm away .
tr	NN	The black jaguar looked hideous , all teeth , blood running down its neck to the broad chest .
tr	NNS	Its brilliant colors and alluring shape stood out among the various window displays .
tr	NN	The reunion , once all elements of danger had been removed , had been lengthy and exquisite .
tr	NN	Her pulse is barely there ! "
tr	NNS	Others of the flock began to flee out the tunnel , abandoning their leader .
tr	NN	The absence of any other family or personal snapshots attested to Cousin Jerry 's solitary existence .
tr	NNS	The edges of the clouds lit like a burning rim of fire before they were swallowed by the approaching night .
tr	NNS	Seamus was larger by half and he hadn 't had to fight every other McDonald warrior already .
tr	NNS	Its frenzy increased , its misshapen jaws snapped eagerly as it pulled her closer .
tr	NN	The precaution had been an afterthought when she moved to California .
tr	NN	A tattered football poster hangs from the wall next to Adam 's engineering degree and obviously loved books sit in piles atop one of the dressers .
tr	NNS	But no , the chances of someone seeing its light from the house and coming to investigate were too great .
tr	NN	The momentum flipped Fintan 's ship upwards and he lost his orientation for a moment .
tr	NNS	Things that boy at the Academy , all those years ago , would be horrified to know were in his future .
tr	NNS	The woodblock letters on the screen disappeared , replaced with more wooden letters .
tr	NNS	The companions sat at opposite sides of the table , next to the Berger 's chair at the head .
tr	NNS	All the possibilities came crashing down .
tr	NN	A spark of anger ignited within her .
tr	NNS	Over and over Devil struck out at Kenneth leaving a puddle of blood .
tr	NNS	" There are some more energy bars in my cooler .
tr	NNS	All grandparents have strong feelings about their grandchildren , but my motives went a little further than a simple desire to get all gooey inside .
tr	NNS	The other creatures were bandaging him .
tr	NNS	Several shots rang out as Harrison ducked for cover .
tr	NN	His mental clarity is surprisingly sharp , and I believe now that his memories are the only things keeping him from going completely mad .
tr	NN	" The landlord 's not here yet . "
tr	NN	Where is mommy ? "
tr	NNS	Dios took a step backward , aghast , his eyes two brief pools of pain .
tr	NN	My h * ps began to move on their own as he touched me , making me moan his name .
tr	NNS	The gray gorillas signed rapidly .
tr	NNS	Moses opened his eyes to get his bearings in the aquatic underworld and after a few moments he heard a dull concussion as Lee entered the water .
tr	NN	There is one larger scar running from your temple to the corner of your eye .
tr	NNS	A few more shots rang out , throwing dirt up into our faces .
tr	NNS	The warm colours , the soft furniture , and all her familiar objects gave her a sense of peace .
tr	NN	There 's no longer any justification for playing to this guy 's rules , or even communicating with him .
tr	NNS	Whatever happened , the sweets of victory had turned bitter in his mouth .
tr	NNS	Rock chips began to rain down from the roof of the tunnel .
tr	NN	The mayor needed to be respected and liked .
tr	NN	The fire roared and strange shadows danced in the hot and perfumed air .
tr	NN	A lightning flashed , and someone 's silhouette appeared on the ceiling for a brief moment .
tr	NN	The illness that ruined me for the rest of my life was chicken pox .
tr	NN	Silver serving dishes crowded the sideboard .
tr	NNS	How many pointless tears she 'd cried .
tr	NN	Such constant writing looks like a lot of work to me .
tr	NNS	Things generally had a way of working themselves out .
tr	NN	Lexi had to admit , the ease of it appealed to her .
tr	NN	Your trained fighting unit of eighty-seven men may be the largest , strongest military organization left in the world .
tr	NN	The hoof rose easily and he nestled it between his thighs .
tr	NN	A layer of pale clouds covers the sun , making the daylight hazy and dull .
tr	NN	" There 's a little cottage down there that Mom and Dad lived in when they first moved here .
tr	NN	That little steam 's seducing him for all it 's worth , and he 's not resisting very hard . '
tr	NN	My TV was off .
tr	NN	For some reason the notion left her feeling bitterly cold .
tr	NN	" Mapping now complete , " the pilot announced .
tr	NN	The notion still scared her to pieces , and she didn 't plan on thinking about anything that would stress her out .
tr	NNS	Both her kills came from open air .
tr	NN	The baron had remained , above all , inscrutable .
tr	NN	Her warm breath whispering over his neck and the feel of her cradled against him sent his hormones racing .
tr	NNS	Others had done it , changed things for the better , and had even named the process .
tr	NN	Nausea roiled in Sebastian 's stomach .
tr	NN	the attorney surmised with a sigh .
tr	NNS	What about when the fairies attacked Seth ?
tr	NNS	Looks like a tiger kill . "
tr	NNS	Soldiers in that day did not carry their weapons loaded .
tr	NNS	" Guns , " Rosemary said .
tr	NN	" How much was the debt ? "
tr	NN	Their long fur was standing on end and they were mad with hunger , but there was something so fierce and powerful about them .
tr	NN	Science fiction has played a major role in his literary work , spanning from snippets of notes to complete short stories .
tr	NNS	The cousins slipped two bundles next to her : one with food and the other with clothes .
tr	NNS	The technicians were checking through all film from the last three hours , finding the traces of his passage .
tr	NNS	Besides , the close quarters allowed him to cushion every part of her delicious body relaxed against him .
tr	NNS	Three little pigs paraded between Sarah and her pupils , dancing on their hind legs and playing an oboe , an accordion and a violin .
tr	NNS	" My apologies , it won 't happen again .
tr	NNS	Meanwhile , the interviews continued .
tr	NN	The senator gave him a small smile .
tr	NN	A thin layer of blue light shimmered across her skin .
tr	NNS	A few long strands of white hair were clinging to its scalp .
tr	NNS	Many scholars that did not believe the Bible , believed that Daniel was written somewhere around 150 B.C. and it was written after the fact .
tr	NN	Part of me actually felt bad for Ash .
tr	NN	The forest was deathly quiet , the absence of sound , movement , and generally any sign of life , was eerie .
tr	NNS	The footsteps halted and a grumpy voice said , " June , come on .
tr	NNS	Worse , the tigers were growling and hissing as they stalked down their landing toward the water that separated them from him .
tr	NN	The " wisdom " she thought she loved -- in Paolo , in Italy -- she started to see as form of passivity .
tr	NNS	The sirens sound as if they 're getting closer , but they might as well be a million miles away .
tr	NN	Then his wristwatch started to bleat .
tr	NNS	Two little thuds were his home-made sandals bouncing on the street .
tr	NNS	The familiar signs of panic rise up -- my breath quickens , my heart flutters like flapping wings -- and I quickly force them down .
tr	NNS	Questions were what haunted her the most now .
tr	NN	And a trickle of fresh water runs into that basin over there . "
tr	NNS	Those rods have been dead for decades , useless , drained of all energy .
tr	NNS	Our readers are considering holidays in hot countries and , as it is winter in New Zealand , it is unlikely to appeal to them .
tr	NNS	Fairy tales with endings she tweaked toward the positive .
tr	NN	The hatch opens , and Dina steps out .
tr	NN	The real estate agent was standing right underneath my win - dow .
tr	NNS	Screams and jeers echoed in the open air , a building excitement that sliced through her ears like jagged , shattered glass .
tr	NN	" What 's the balance for your other magic ? "
tr	NNS	Truthfully , all the parenting classes in the world aren 't going to help me .
tr	NN	" But what would trading himself to Lilith have to do with Giulia ? "
tr	NNS	Most troops have their leave chits already approved , plane tickets bought , the whole nine yards .
tr	NN	Again , that bewildered look .
tr	NNS	Things ' military ' had had a direct impact on her life ever since she was fifteen most of it not good .
tr	NNS	" My professors were still arguing about it when I was in grad school .
tr	NNS	My eyelids parted as I stared through cracked eyes .
tr	NNS	Much more than a couple car payments would add up to .
tr	NNS	What are the limits that should not be exceeded ?
tr	NNS	Your actions may have endangered us all .
tr	NNS	" Well , the sea traders , as I prefer to call them , were always a part of the tradition of the people of Song .
tr	NNS	The dark , familiar spaces enfolded him .
tr	NNS	" And now , ladies and gentlemen , demons and fairies , dead and undead ... it is time for our main attraction .
tr	NN	The first page contained only a single paragraph , written in Greek .
tr	NN	Each hunter also carried a tomahawk and a stone butcher knife .
tr	NNS	" Okay , on both sides , the deaths accounted for around two-thirds of both races . "
tr	NNS	My hostages could never escape .
tr	NNS	As they matured , the differences in size and shape became apparent .
tr	NNS	His trousers were not as tight as usual .
tr	NN	The sentence across the page reads , Never stop .
tr	NN	Among the laundry list of disabilities that came with being born without a soul , the inability to dream was one of them .
tr	NN	There was a tap on my bedroom door and Jo walked in , her face cold and nostrils flaring slightly .
tr	NN	Her aura glowed , and a fire spread over her skin .
tr	NNS	Gradually , their visits became shorter and more infrequent .
tr	NNS	Cars blew my clothes as if I were standing atop a mountain , but I was only interested in the man behind the wheel .
tr	NN	The warrior gave a slight nod and turned his attention back to his handheld computer .
tr	NN	When they returned after practice , the courtyard was again empty save for the usual denizens thereof busy about their errands at that particular time of day .
tr	NN	My belly will be full , and for the first time in as long as I can remember , I feel hope .
tr	NN	" But the scanner would be nice for when it 's something more than a missed oil change . "
tr	NN	Where had all that determination , all that cold steely strength disappeared to ?
tr	NN	Her pulse thundered in her ears , heart hammering so loud she could barely hear the water pouring from the wall .
tr	NN	As she did , the stench of rotting flesh swam into Tatiana 's nose and made her eyes water .
tr	NNS	The security cameras weren 't the only system they had breached .
tr	NN	" Part of the ocean , " I repeat , sitting astride the surfboard .
tr	NN	My favourite , I haven 't had them for years .
tr	NNS	Those diaries , they are the worst things I have ever read . "
tr	NNS	Words there were but in a language unknown , strange even in sound , as though not made for human lips and tongues .
tr	NN	The inspector tapped the ashes from his pipe onto the saucer on the table .
tr	NN	The captain was not in the mood to baby sit the guppies and a woman cadet .
tr	NN	There was a clamor from the warriors but Kadar spoke above the din .
tr	NNS	There were already cameras in most of the corridors of the building , just in case they were needed .
tr	NN	The entire audience was on their feet , watching me with smiles of encouragement , as I approached .
tr	NN	The old bitch probably knocked her right out of her chamber .
tr	NNS	The shifters will feel better if we make this work , and it 's no great loss to any of us . "
tr	NNS	And her instincts had been right .
tr	NN	The dark car hulk rolled past him .
tr	NNS	Others already studied other subjects , but Megan could not understand what they were .
tr	NNS	Our calculations show impact in approximately eight days .
tr	NN	The admiral stood , but he did not leave .
tr	NN	" The rogue has me .
tr	NN	a little spider 's web .
tr	NN	Even when told they were Angel Kisses by Zoey , her dad 's ex-girlfriend couldn 't convince her .
tr	NNS	Sadness filled her eyes .
tr	NNS	His cards certainly didn 't indicate any mechanism -- it was a poor hand at best .
tr	NNS	Looks like an enclosed big top tent , but it 's actually the NASA prototype for the portable habitat we hope to use on Mars someday .
tr	NN	Bad habit like an itch has its own inherent pleasure .
tr	NN	His primary instinct shouted at him to stop Sweet Dove from torturing Angelica .
tr	NNS	And the signs were not good .
tr	NN	The intruder would have needed to watch the house .
tr	NN	Part of him can 't even believe that Elijah is about to go to college , about to enter that world .
tr	NNS	Both species have similar sized brains and are known to fornicate for pleasure , as opposed to reproduction .
tr	NNS	The specialists went about patching up their brothers , while trying not to step on the dead as Beth returned to her TED 's .
tr	NNS	The countess shook her head and came to her , settling on the settee opposite the one Hester occupied .
tr	NN	The tank was indeed an attractive nuisance .
tr	NN	At least , the Empire wouldn 't waste money for their court trials .
tr	NN	Walter 's growl rose to such a pitch that Chris said , " What ?
tr	NN	His thick Southern drawl melted me like butter .
tr	NNS	Our passions seemed to feed off one another , and as his pleasure mounted , so did my own .
tr	NN	Rome asked , a bewildered look on her face .
tr	NNS	And chances were good Clay wouldn 't show up next week .
tr	NNS	Myles asked , suddenly far more interested than he 'd been before .
tr	NN	" The squad has been very popular over the last few years , bringing in tons of revenue from the games .
tr	NNS	Rufus said snapping his fingers together .
tr	NNS	The footsteps continued moving downhill at a stalking pace : step , pause ... step , pause .
tr	NN	As he continued to look at her without saying anything , the rambling got worse .
tr	NNS	Your efforts and the efforts of your family is what brought you home , not me .
tr	NNS	His UN responsibilities took him far and wide .
tr	NNS	instincts were going off , screaming at her to run .
tr	NNS	There were cold winds blowing in the church , and flames were flickering here and there .
tr	NNS	Things had stretched apart There was no glue at the center of things anymore .
tr	NN	Which planet is your refuge for cleansing your mind ? "
tr	NNS	But mothers sense when there 's something else at work .
tr	NNS	Some fellas didn 't handle aging well .
tr	NN	Or was his grandmother just mentally stuck in the 1800s and thought it should be a consideration for Lucas ?
tr	NN	The night the master died .
tr	NN	" Well , my uncle showed up a few days ago .
tr	NNS	Things aren 't clear when hormones are in the air . "
tr	NNS	Immortals had no idea that the Hunters were a form of mortals who were gifted with supernatural abilities .
tr	NN	The publisher set a rigid deadline on the book and Jess planned on delivering it earlier , wanting to make good with both agent and publisher .
tr	NNS	His pals in the criminal underworld would have helped him fence the thing .
tr	NNS	Agents continued to storm inside , but there was still something wrong about it all .
tr	NN	The dragon is still there staring me down .
tr	NN	A swirl of dragonflies blew up around them , like a living dust devil .
tr	NN	Their downfall only made the fight promoter laugh , " Ha !
tr	NNS	Images flashed into awareness , and faded quickly as he tried to remember anything but the horrible hours of pain that he could not escape .
tr	NNS	Fairy tales are for children .
tr	NNS	Her abilities seemed more intense around Henry .
tr	NN	The big convertible dwarfed the two sports cars and seeing the Rolls reminded her of the drive home from dinner less than a week ago .
tr	NNS	Shadowhunters like you ! "
tr	NNS	Several wells in the city have been poisoned . "
tr	NN	The steam obscured the glass , but I could still see enough of his body to make the small flame in my midsection dance and burn .
tr	NNS	But there were a few sentences I couldn 't get rid of in my head .
tr	NN	Though certainly the simplicity of Nate 's observation made it a likely candidate for success .
tr	NNS	Indeed many visitors to the Crows Nest found the view breathtaking .
tr	NNS	A tightness came to Lydia 's throat , seeing the blushed cheeks on this china head still trying to be cheerful .
tr	NN	History would later know it as the Bonfire of the Vanities .
tr	NNS	Soldiers hauled big guns right past me , but I was hibernating deep in the mud .
tr	NNS	But promises were fragile things , and the future even more so .
tr	NN	" My Maker is worthy of much praise . "
tr	NN	A moment later , a white robe draped her from shoulders to feet .
tr	NN	Chance tried to reach around her , probably aiming to turn off the speaker .
tr	NN	" For tax purposes . "
tr	NNS	" Your relatives on Lorien , as easy as they fell , at least they were fighters .
tr	NN	" Any more strangely ambiguous questions ? "
tr	NNS	Things , at first , seemed so odd , but we 've gotten used to it .
tr	NN	A low chuckle interrupts Flynn and the crowd of Murderers part at the sound revealing a tall man dressed entirely in black .
tr	NN	The mayor shook his head .
tr	NNS	" That pepperoni , ooh la la . "
tr	NNS	" 3 documents found . "
tr	NN	The agony was excruciating .
tr	NN	This deep , violent , intense rumbling that rippled through the whole mountain , the roar of it drowning out everything else .
tr	NN	But another larger wing of the heavenly army had already reached the launch sites .
tr	NNS	Things have changed and I didn 't know if you would stop like you did seven years ago .
tr	NN	" Harry - " There was a click , and then the buzz of a disconnection .
tr	NN	Bright white sunshine poured into the dimly lit cabin , making me blink .
tr	NNS	The opening credits for My Man Godfrey had just finished when there was a knock at Violet 's front door .
tr	NNS	16 Nicolas wore a deserted look .
tr	NN	The birth of Caliban would signal the beginning of the dark times .
tr	NNS	The currents held them aloft , swirling them around like leaves on a fall day .
tr	NN	The crimson colored curl shined as if it was cut this morning .
tr	NN	Part of her welcomed it , as if they had both known it was always destined to happen .
tr	NNS	The edges crumbled wider , only feet away .
tr	NNS	His goggles picked up the small specks of light from diodes on the conveyor 's control panel , but beyond the windows , the world remained dark .
tr	NN	Perhaps the knight 's armour wasn 't as robust as it first seemed .
tr	NN	There was a short bustle of conversation and then , as if it were waking from slumber , the sound of the city returned to the streets .
tr	NNS	The chances of the same mutation appearing at the same time are statistically impossible . "
tr	NN	One bookcase took up an entire wall from ceiling to floor .
tr	NNS	The four visitors bought their provisions and left town before anyone had a chance to accuse them of anything .
tr	NNS	Others , including this one , choose to keep those beings secret . "
tr	NN	Your angel will be ever close .
tr	NNS	Looks truly were deceiving ... CHAPTER 8 Sophia was running late .
tr	NN	" The despot lord won in a way .
tr	NN	Love pulled out a key and put it in the lock .
tr	NNS	Luckily , signs were beginning to indicate that Prudence felt similarly on the subject .
tr	NN	" Yeah , that would be cool , " Link admitted .
tr	NN	Storm would probably catch her snooping around in his mind if she were bold enough to try .
tr	NN	There was a faint whistle from Nick .
tr	NNS	Marius rested his head against the seat and nodded weakly .
tr	NNS	These stuffy types talk out of both sides , saying one thing but meaning another . "
tr	NN	The boom had been deafening , and I cried out as some sort of foam landed on the side of my face .
tr	NNS	The twins flanked my sides as I attempted to walk ahead and check on the others .
tr	NN	" No offense kid , but I don 't get it . "
tr	NN	The pilot was standing next to the shuttle door , his face curious .
tr	NNS	" And there are thousands of Merrow statues along its way .
tr	NNS	" My apologies , " Michael said .
tr	NN	Thankfully , the bullet had smashed through the fleshy section , not bone .
tr	NNS	Werewolves and vampires didn 't exist , and nor did mermaids or pixies .
tr	NN	" Where 's your daddy ? "
tr	NN	The rope was slippery and the trap was heavy , making it very slow going to get the trap up to the boat .
tr	NNS	Delores knew I 'd never sell him .
tr	NN	A plaque on the door reads : Authorized personnel only .
tr	NNS	Various visitors had kept the three acres around the ruins fairly clear of new growth over the years .
tr	NNS	" Besides , their offers to get through to you on the phone were all too low . "
tr	NN	Be smart , the leader within me implored , make the best of this .
tr	NNS	" Looks to be passable alright . "
tr	NNS	Other deaths are unjust .
tr	NNS	Moses pursed her mouth as she eyed the readouts .
tr	NNS	" How many members of the Syndicate boarded with their families on the same ticket ? "
tr	NNS	In one or two places there are actually water deposits , usually as ice near the surface in a mountain shadow .
tr	NNS	But there were no flags .
tr	NN	History was one of my favorite classes , and I was annoyed that Nell was ruining it for me .
tr	NNS	Cracked tiles healed themselves .
tr	NNS	That was how headquarters could inform us quickly about stolen vehicles , missing children and such . "
tr	NN	No author writes alone , and no author succeeds alone .
tr	NNS	Reyes stared at her and then the pieces of the puzzle fell suddenly into place .
tr	NNS	Shouts and the sounds of men running spurred Quinn forward .
tr	NN	A deep scowl etched lines in Romain 's face .
tr	NNS	Between rows of teeth pulsed a tubular , pink throat .
tr	NNS	Officials say the virus should be completely contained in just a few more days .
tr	NNS	The fans already at the bar , of course went nuts , and made their way over to him .
tr	NNS	" If Graham leaves me alone , the other wolves will kill me .
tr	NNS	The complicated inner workings of the door made an impressive display on the other side of the glass plate .
tr	NNS	Various stone spikes appeared from the ground .
tr	NN	The gown gave you away , despite the fact that you chose black instead of the common white .
tr	NNS	Quick bursts were all I could work up and they were anything but debilitating .
tr	NN	The clapboard siding hadn 't seen a fresh coat of paint in decades , and what remained of the peach color was blistered and peeling .
tr	NN	The medicine they got him on makes him talk out of his head .
tr	NNS	" Dogs need a leader to look up to .
tr	NN	" This is vengeance , " said a thin , dark-haired Shadowhunter whom Clary recognized as the head of the Budapest Institute .
tr	NNS	Animals had no mercy on anyone or anything .
tr	NNS	There were eye witnesses to an explosion , and the wreckage showed the clear signs of intense heat and flames .
tr	NN	The cart rattled towards the other side of the square .
tr	NN	And earlier that morning her solo presentation had gone off without a hitch .
tr	NN	The female tender alighted by his side .
tr	NNS	Black light posters hung on the walls , and lava lamps were on each dresser .
tr	NN	" The present charm represents all of the gifts that I should have bought you . "
tr	NN	The hunger inside her gnawed .
tr	NNS	Witches couldn 't light candles , Vampires couldn 't intimidate , Werewolves couldn 't transform and Ghosts couldn 't appear .
tr	NNS	His instincts told him to leave it well alone , but he couldn 't .
tr	NN	The old iron had a way of ruining the best of her silks .
tr	NNS	The images will be in your mind .
tr	NN	Besides , the admiral needed the rest , too .
tr	NNS	Different teachers use different approaches in teaching and in dealing with their students .
tr	NN	The unspoken cliché -- what exactly are your intentions with my daughter -- loomed in the air around them .
tr	NN	" Yes , fine , " the healer said .
tr	NN	The lace stretched over her creamy skin , enhancing his desire to see her without a stitch .
tr	NNS	The coaches always used to carry passengers too , right ?
tr	NN	So , if we bring down enough noble houses , the government may just collapse on its own .
tr	NN	The pitcher drew back and threw again .
tr	NN	The first committee showed decorations that they had stored away from previous weddings .
tr	NNS	The rosy peaks anticipated his touch and strained against the silkiness of my top .
tr	NN	But try as he might , the language they spoke meant nothing to him .
tr	NN	Jazz spoke as though she were the older sister .
tr	NNS	Their descriptions seem to match those of these three . "
tr	NNS	The road winds past Nathan 's and through some pastureland before passing another home , almost two miles farther into the country .
tr	NNS	Comparatively , only a few smaller villages reside outside the larger city walls .
tr	NNS	Others can protect me during the night , but you can protect me in the day , when most of our kind are helpless .
tr	NNS	The working classes , now , they tolerate me because I 'm such an honest bloke , and I don 't try to change them . "
tr	NN	The dwarf shook his head .
tr	NN	Somehow her subconscious recognized me , or perhaps it was her soul .
tr	NNS	But for now , dating and relationships were at the very bottom of Eve 's priorities .
tr	NNS	The green blades crept past his wrists , making its way to his elbow .
tr	NNS	Gramps blinks a few times , hopefully reading me well enough to change the subject .
tr	NN	His accent was thick , almost thicker than Alfonso 's .
tr	NNS	Cars crashed around them as horns began blaring .
tr	NN	My grandmother looks at me and shakes her head .
tr	NNS	Already , hundreds of thousands of applications are flooding the Convention Board and the Westinghouse Hill office .
tr	NNS	The villagers have very conservative values so after Amelia got pregnant , everyone found out and they scorned her .
tr	NN	Half the squad agreed with him , as we 'd seen nothing the following nights .
tr	NN	Among the luminaries present , a butterfly fluttered about .
tr	NNS	It shoots into the sky , banks steeply and disappears to the south .
tr	NN	A trickle of sweat fell down my spine .
tr	NNS	" So let it be recorded , " the Council members said .
tr	NNS	Curled strands draped over her shoulders , the ends teasing the top of her dress .
tr	NN	Lia had made a gorgeous dress for Sydney once , a red gown inspired by ancient Greek styles .
tr	NN	Beyond her , the horse pasture shimmers like a green ocean , and she passes through the gate that leads toward it .
tr	NNS	Reyes 's eyelids squeezed closed .
tr	NN	The trio walked toward the forest .
tr	NN	An uneasy prickle raced down Keeley 's nape .
tr	NNS	The runes had healed her bruises .
tr	NN	Ellery 's last treatment is in two days , and we 're leaving for California tomorrow .
tr	NN	The perky blonde begins to walk away .
tr	NN	The goddess sat on it casually , one arm resting on her raised knee .
tr	NN	The maid shook her head , frowned , and slammed the sitting room door shut in return .
tr	NNS	Two blurry figures are on me in seconds , pinning down my feeble arms and legs .
tr	NNS	Looks like they 've got a hell of a reach on them , too . "
tr	NNS	' Meanwhile , thousands from all religious persuasions -- or , perhaps , from none at all -- are protesting outside Parliament House in Canberra . '
tr	NN	Part of me wanted to be there more than anything .
tr	NN	That conviction broke her paralysis .
tr	NN	Did that agent of chaos agree to help ?
tr	NN	The twisted , ruined Mustang with the windshield shattered made her almost violently ill .
tr	NNS	Our classmates laugh with delight as that taboo word drifts through the air like some smoke from one of Emerson 's cigarettes .
tr	NNS	The chains appeared to be made from some sort of metal fiber , but were flexible as a thread , only slightly thicker .
tr	NN	The mayor walked back to his desk and braced his hands against the edge .
tr	NN	The cargo bay alone could have held the apartment building that I had lived in .
tr	NNS	What are the tests that prove multiple personality disorder isn 't one of those other conditions ? "
tr	NNS	" Four degrees Kelvin .
tr	NNS	Hands fell instinctively to weapons .
tr	NN	When Philip laughed aloud , the lieutenant left the room , only to come back almost immediately holding a small notebook out at arm 's length .
tr	NN	A deep boom shuddered throughout the ship .
tr	NN	The senator barely seemed to notice .
tr	NN	His tail began to sway in an intermittent kind of uncertain , cautious wag .
tr	NN	The wraith stared back at her .
tr	NNS	Now , does anyone know what actions you can take to support your partners ? "
tr	NN	There was a tinge of self-satisfaction to that .
tr	NNS	His actions confused me .
tr	NN	" Surely you don 't want these books , Vessel , " another priest said .
tr	NN	Whereas the magically created bolts the lich and I had wielded had been shaped and controlled , ball lightning was huge and radiating .
tr	NNS	" My apologies , " she said .
tr	NN	" Always the optimist , " Jack said dryly .
tr	NN	There was applause and Martie took his place .
tr	NNS	His thumbs rubbed over the silk against my clit and I moaned with my mounting appetite for his touch .
tr	NN	The captain went upstairs to relieve Dee momentarily , so she could clean up .
tr	NN	' Sweet look , ' Love said .
tr	NNS	Its jaws gaped wide , impossibly wide as if the top of its head was coming loose revealing fangs like icicles .
tr	NN	Part of me is higher than I 've ever felt in my life .
tr	NN	In his haste , a miniature recorder slipped out of his shirt pocket and rattled against the table .
tr	NNS	Looks like we 'll be seeing you in Seattle in a day or two . "
tr	NN	The teacher studied Janelle 's clothes .
tr	NN	All there was inside him was Maggie and a foreign , giddy joy the likes of which he 'd never known .
tr	NNS	But the funny actions only turned to licentious images in her head .
tr	NN	The page more than happily took his exit while Lancelot scowled .
tr	NN	Facing Hallow 's coven seemed like a snap compared to witnessing this episode .
tr	NNS	Things she should consider when she reevaluated her relationship with her dad .
tr	NNS	So many deaths , and Eveline had no idea what had started it all .
tr	NN	The disorientation was so fierce now that he had to clench his hand around the balcony railing to stay on his feet .
tr	NNS	The twins were walking in the desert ; the sun was high above .
tr	NN	Or maybe there 's a motion detector instead of a heat detector ?
tr	NN	A blue sedan screeched to a halt as a man in the passenger seat leaned out and shot her three times in the back .
tr	NNS	Things don 't change when she 's on vacation .
tr	NN	Without the warning signs the infection had advanced unchecked .
tr	NN	There was some reason , some gut instinct told him so , but what ?
tr	NNS	Rolling hills gave way to sharp drops and crevices .
tr	NN	" You need to read quickly , my weave won 't last long . "
tr	NN	The pattern covering the dress was the same as my coronation one .
tr	NNS	The markings , then , were fresh .
tr	NN	A psychic tap on the shoulder had him looking toward the house .
tr	NN	" That deed was a true find . "
tr	NNS	The innards of the gas station were just as bad as the exterior .
tr	NN	Love made a person do strange things , as Madrigal well knew .
tr	NNS	Things are different down here .
tr	NN	As his solitude grew , Sebastian 's resolve to stay away from Serenity weakened .
tr	NN	" Perfect , " Link snapped .
tr	NNS	My companions could make observations .
tr	NN	And there 's a certain innocence to you . "
tr	NNS	Needy mistresses didn 't fit into that world .
tr	NN	There was another low giggle behind me , and I scooted closer to Evan 's chair , leaning against the space next to his legs .
tr	NN	Some nut threw a pie at the missus a few years back .
tr	NN	The passion between us threatened to ignite , and I forced myself to remember he probably had a purpose in calling me in here .
tr	NN	No roar sounded after I was done speaking .
tr	NN	The market seemed to be more crowded than normal as she made her way to pay for the dress .
tr	NNS	Burning dampness flooded across her stomach in pulsing jets .
tr	NN	There was no " Love " or " Good luck " or even " Best " at the bottom of it .
tr	NN	The female ghoul wore a long , sheer white dress that did not hide her nakedness underneath .
tr	NN	The new agent hurried around to the front and jumped in the driver 's side .
tr	NNS	Her actions may have been reckless in D.C. , but it was hardly different from him bringing woman after woman to these events .
tr	NN	The captain looked ready to dismiss her .
tr	NN	My daddy said he loved me .
tr	NNS	Mase 's heavy footsteps broke into my thoughts and I turned to see him walking toward us .
tr	NNS	Seven stalls lined the walls as well as seven showerheads with poor plastic coverage .
tr	NNS	" The origins are the perfect species , but like with any race of being or creature , there are ... duds .
tr	NNS	Now , however , curling locks rioted about his temples .
tr	NN	In the meantime , my partner and I would like to have a word with Nicole alone . "
tr	NN	The ritual was complete .
tr	NN	The Hunter 's canoe looked tiny , and for a moment he thought he saw someone sitting in it .
tr	NNS	" So , the creatures weren 't the problem in the first place .
tr	NN	Your career is over . "
tr	NNS	A slight stiffness I 'm sure will go away in a minute . '
tr	NN	All the hustle and bustle that goes on is like ... " " A circus . "
tr	NNS	" Oh come on now , " Pike said with disdain , cinching up his baggy trousers .
tr	NN	The mayor laughed heartily at whatever she had said and patted her on the arm before turning back to the crowd .
tr	NN	In front of Cade freaking Wallace .
tr	NNS	The chances seem slim .
tr	NN	Once upon a time , turkey didn 't go in pie .
tr	NNS	Then repetitive shouts of command , noises of metal things falling and hitting other metal , more shouts ... " It sounds sinister , " said Mary .
tr	NNS	Names any Roman historian would recognize immediately .
tr	NNS	Alexis stomps her high-heeled foot dramatically down on the floorboards , decked out in Ava 's costume for our final dress rehearsal .
tr	NNS	His thrusts grew faster , creating a perfect rhythm .
tr	NNS	His pupils expanded as he stared into her green eyes - Dreamer was so beautiful .
tr	NNS	Nausea builds in my stomach and my own arms quiver heavily as I stand back from him , my hands lightly clinging to his trembling shoulders .
tr	NN	" You won 't need this anymore , " the captain assured him .
tr	NN	" About how long will the treatment last , Dr. Tucker ? "
tr	NN	Her pulse tripped over the raspy edge of his voice and her body heated at the memory of exactly what fulfilling his desires had entailed .
tr	NNS	That night the dwarves slept little .
tr	NNS	The two gunmen had seen what he did .
tr	NNS	Others voiced their disappointment for being there .
tr	NNS	My jaws hurt already .
tr	NN	Her spine snapped with indignation .
tr	NNS	The warriors laughed again and the King made another toast , " A drink to strong warriors . "
tr	NN	A sob erupted from my throat before I could stop it .
tr	NN	A hunt conducted under controlled conditions should suffice - " " Next week ?
tr	NN	As she 'd guessed , the announcement made the boys put aside their nervousness and barrage her with questions , starting with What ?
tr	NN	A partnership between equals . "
tr	NN	A tremor traveled up her spine before she straightened .
tr	NNS	Soldiers began to drop into the cavern , and several of Ham 's aides moved forward , helping the newcomers and directing them down a side tunnel .
tr	NN	In place of Mr. Cameron 's backyard is a residential neighborhood on a cul de sac .
tr	NNS	But Samuel 's instincts didn 't mesh right now with Vela 's .
tr	NN	A spotlight shone on the stage and the boy the family knew as Scooter .
tr	NN	Her pulse jumped wildly , and she tried to get ready to fight .
tr	NNS	Within these swirling galaxies , suns sparkled into life under its influence .
tr	NN	The teacher glares at me , but doesn 't seem at all surprised by the loss of everyone 's attention to me .
tr	NN	Now , there is a crucial distinction between Hindu dharma and Western sense of religion .
tr	NN	There 's a theatre less than ten minutes away . "
tr	NNS	" There are a few noble estates we could call at .
tr	NN	Link shoved his hand through his spiky hair .
tr	NN	" Your lack of Greek political etiquette is embarrassing .
tr	NN	The benefit of such a high profile job was in its openness .
tr	NNS	In any case , explanations and recriminations were all on the other side of midnight .
tr	NN	Lukas ' reasoning made the indignation about being watched fly out the window .
tr	NN	Hadley thought there was no way Devon was going to dial through to his line , no way Devon would actually do it .
tr	NNS	The countess reached for the tongs and moved a scone from the serving tray to a small plate .
tr	NN	The room design contained a taste of Spanish styled furniture mixed with the modern trappings of a large flat screen TV and fully stocked mini fridge .
tr	NNS	The villagers are already uncertain of us .
tr	NNS	The white cabinets and Wedgwood blue trim gave the illusion of a cheerful home .
tr	NN	There was writing but not a date .
tr	NN	His seed escaped , and he grabbed some tissues from his desk to clean most of the mess away .
tr	NNS	" And some vamps find there to be a ... sensual component in sharing . "
tr	NNS	Good nuns didn 't lie .
tr	NNS	The eggs disappeared inside , one by one .
tr	NNS	Heavens to Betsy cocks her head , listening but not understanding .
tr	NN	His master would not go to Mordor alone .
tr	NN	" But the senator might have .
tr	NN	Sutton 's murderer has been watching every move I make . "
tr	NNS	Empty bookshelves lined the walls , most likely used to hold the books the scholars weren 't currently using .
tr	NNS	So many regions have fallen into disarray since the fall of the last king .
tr	NN	The comforter was blood red and had the same golden rope my dress and hair was adorned with , at this very moment .
tr	NNS	Sadness darkened his eyes and he looked away .
tr	NN	There was also a reference to the Manhattan Project .
tr	NNS	Moses asked rhetorically as he rubbed his chin .
tr	NN	When I walked out into the hallway my mother was standing there , mascara streaked down her cheeks .
tr	NN	' Surely my lord does not wish to starve to death in this place ? '
tr	NNS	Shouts and curses and coughing filled the air , but over it all , she heard him call out her name .
tr	NNS	The lingering effects of their kisses were still visible .
tr	NN	A stab of pain cut across her ribs for several seconds before subsiding .
tr	NN	" Your grandmother isn 't an anybody . "
tr	NNS	My cards were stacking up nicely .
tr	NNS	So many factors contributed to this fateful night . '
tr	NN	My reflection had spoken back to me .
tr	NNS	Rufus shakes his head in disgust .
tr	NNS	Three little beeps surged through her brain as the answering machine kicked in .
tr	NN	The session started easy enough .
tr	NN	The third option was to split the two .
tr	NN	His tail wagged fiercely , striking Gray in the shoulder .
tr	NNS	Between the buttressed roots , white moss carpeted the ground .
tr	NNS	The leopard jumped , paws resting on Kane 's shoulders to lick his violet tattoo .
tr	NNS	Any further ministrations could wait until they reached the hotel .
tr	NNS	Their tongues danced and teased while his stroking became more intimate .
tr	NN	There was an ad for a part-time driving instructor and I took the job .
tr	NN	I stepped forward , my foot hanging over nothing , my pulse seeming to turn into ice .
tr	NNS	" Maybe these masks haven 't worked perfectly for years and years . "
tr	NNS	Looks like a foreclosure . "
tr	NNS	In a few days , two temples will suddenly rise from the sea .
tr	NNS	" Those creatures are part leopard , and eat meat . "
tr	NN	And the miracle of her pregnancy , a child created out of passion and love , made him realize how pointless those years had been .
tr	NNS	Their ages ranged from early thirties to early hundreds .
tr	NN	Each injection made him paler and more desperate . "
tr	NN	The drag down the mountain finished off my resistance . "
tr	NNS	Hands landed on me , but my skin felt detached .
tr	NN	His inability to understand the problem was as frustrating , in its own way , as his hunger for Evie .
tr	NN	The evening gown collapsed into a dark pool at her feet .
tr	NN	A polite rap on the elaborate wooden doors of the study drew their attention .
tr	NN	" Maybe the thief injured himself ? "
tr	NNS	Words are just coming out .
tr	NN	The velvet was warm , at least .
tr	NNS	Words flooded her mind as he said them in a tone that flowed , stopping only when a sentence called for it .
tr	NN	All at once , a hail of fire poured from the windows and rooftops above them and from behind the burned-out remains of automobiles in the streets .
tr	NN	A distant roar like clashing glaciers howled through the endless halls .
tr	NN	His treatment has been quite expensive but our doctor told us we couldn 't have made a better choice .
tr	NN	Finally the first beetle emerged from a mushroom , and Summer placed the fungus in a jar .
tr	NNS	Even causing what you think are insignificant or positive changes can have a dramatic impact on multitudes of people .
tr	NNS	The fiery letters rearranged themselves .
tr	NN	The pilot was apologizing and swearing .
tr	NN	" I 'm sorry , Your Majesty , " the plump healer said .
tr	NNS	" Contrary to what those boys in white think , the medicinal qualities of alcohol are highly underrated .
tr	NNS	Things had changed since then .
tr	NN	Just one momentary lapse and he 'd be lying on the floor with a split Adam 's apple - the thought was absolutely thrilling .
tr	NN	What 's al this sympathy ?
tr	NN	" You 'd be exposing your entire army to the unorganized , unseen quick strikes the Welsh favor .
tr	NNS	His companions will be with us any moment .
tr	NNS	To help satisfy their natural craving for words , the leaders created elegant stories , made up of few simple words .
tr	NNS	The swarms had no leader , and no central intelligence .
tr	NNS	As soon as the car stopped at the church , vampire escorts were at the doors to open them .
tr	NNS	Zen 's footsteps rounded the building , then she began working on the lock down into the cellar .
tr	NN	Stefan has business there , my book publisher is there .
tr	NNS	Things had changed in Shana 's life , too , although not in the same unalterable and tragic way .
tr	NN	Unless this budgetary impasse is resolved by close of session tomorrow , the Assembly will commence public hearings regarding the legality of your succession . "
tr	NN	The hatred was building up .
tr	NNS	His lies keep us small , and as long as we 're small he keeps control .
tr	NNS	The whispers started and chairs shifted .
tr	NN	" A diversion , " he said .
tr	NN	A tiny whirlwind rushed up to them and threw both arms around Garrett 's knees .
tr	NNS	" Their contents stand , whether you sanction them or not .
tr	NNS	Even if their motives were purely selfish .
tr	NN	There was no taint of drugs and alcohol , thank the gods , but the taste was flat on his tongue .
tr	NN	" Love isn 't a happy ideal in my family . "
tr	NN	> The pup didn 't answer him , but Vlad did .
tr	NNS	Rann bows to me then back steps into the hallway , staring at me .
tr	NN	That deafening roar pretty much terrified Olivia .
tr	NNS	right in this very pub , drugs , guns , girls , boys ... ... anything .
tr	NNS	Things often go swimmingly for the first week .
tr	NN	It is utterly useless , ' replied Felice ; ' we can never again inhabit your cottage .
tr	NNS	Their expressions were emotionless .
tr	NN	" I would very much like a scone , " said Arabella the mermaid .
tr	NNS	Her abilities had grown exponentially .
tr	NNS	There were no cubicles or walls for dividers .
tr	NNS	All deeper levels converged on him .
tr	NN	" Sometimes I swear , " she said as we left the dorm , " the creator forgot to install a fun button in you . "
tr	NN	The dragon turned toward its new enemy .
tr	NN	Her explanation permitted me to make the connection to kissing .
tr	NN	" The ranch must be self-sustaining .
tr	NNS	Now the individual thuds had merged into a steady hammering and from outside came the sound of wild cheering .
tr	NNS	The fountains were dry and the gardens full of weeds , but Elaina imagined that it had been lovely in its prime .
tr	NNS	Passing Seth on the mats , the two idiots exchanged smirks .
tr	NNS	Others were trying to figure out a way to fly the ship so they could take it to Earth .
tr	NN	That creak set her teeth on edge .
tr	NNS	Things were more complicated than she could 've possibly imagined .
tr	NN	His sash tore off on the paving stones .
tr	NNS	Reyes shifted his attention to her .
tr	NNS	Its eyelids burst open .
tr	NN	The doll wobbled in its plush armchair .
tr	NN	What if Morganville is a folly of arrogance ?
tr	NNS	" Since when do missing persons come under FBI jurisdiction ? "
tr	NNS	" But then there are documents and documents .
tr	NNS	Dreamer 's movements beneath her were graceful and fluid as he trotted , then ran , his golden mane flying in the wind .
tr	NN	The caller ID announces Nicole .
tr	NN	Her orgasm rolled through her , over her , releasing the relentless tension that had gripped her for over a week .
tr	NNS	Chills racked her body and trembling kicked in .
tr	NNS	The scientist 's actions were contemplated , rational and logical .
tr	NNS	My bare forearms are starting to burn .
tr	NNS	" Our cameras show that you and Brodie put good use to the Power room last night .
tr	NN	The majority of the docks were empty , save for the odd barge tied alongside .
tr	NN	How very nineteen fifties of you , and kind of sexist . '
tr	NNS	Words alone are not sufficient to express my gratitude .
tr	NN	" Your sensitivity slays me , Lilith . "
tr	NNS	Looks like a lot of people want to see you dead , sir . '
tr	NNS	Currently there were twenty-eight candidates on the approved list and almost all were more qualified than Susan .
tr	NN	The tip of his need pushed close to her wet core , hungry for her .
tr	NN	There was a nasty bruise on the side of his face , disappearing into his hairline .
tr	NN	Just their football weaknesses . "
tr	NN	Even tin and pewter weren 't enough to keep her mind clear as she rolled across the cobblestones , eventually coming to a dizzy rest .
tr	NNS	His wrists and ankles now bled in long red rivulets .
tr	NNS	The fairies accused the witches because they sometimes used tiger blood in some of their spel s .
tr	NNS	The authorities figured he 'd jumped from one of the ferries . "
tr	NNS	Romulus lifted his head and gave him a piercing stare .
tr	NN	The warrior exhaled a ripe curse .
tr	NN	" There 's a new release on at the cinema tonight , honey .
tr	NNS	Others would still likely disparage her when she spoke just because she sounded different .
tr	NN	My demand will not be possible .
tr	NNS	Warning horns blared through the launch bay .
tr	NNS	" Questions , " he repeated .
tr	NNS	But now the roads were busier .
tr	NN	My ingenious powder , when inhaled in the correct quantity , leaves the victim in a trance that lets them believe universal peace has been declared .
tr	NNS	Large lumbering woolly creatures dotted the land .
tr	NN	" He 'll see us , " Chance said , his voice strong and commanding .
tr	NN	A female deputy was working the console .
tr	NNS	" Of course , Your Highness , " Rema said .
tr	NN	Apparently , some other relative has taken advantage of his absence and seized power . "
tr	NNS	' There are two types of person in this society .
tr	NNS	Others stood gaping , unsure of what that exactly meant .
tr	NNS	Erebus waits for your move .
tr	NNS	" There are many hills around here .
tr	NNS	The classes are longer , but it 's a fair trade only having to go twice a week , rather than three times .
tr	NN	Author has a nice way with descriptive words which makes one feel nearly in the room .
tr	NN	A warrior and a magician , half related by distant blood .
tr	NN	Moments later , Love passed a pub on his right .
tr	NNS	" So , you ladies can plot away and I will waddle back to meet you on the patio . "
tr	NNS	His deliveries had stopped since the Italian 's visit and there were no phone or video occurrences to speak of .
tr	NN	The parapet overlooked the vast lobby .
tr	NNS	There were few candidates , as John 's existence was kept very quiet .
tr	NN	However , the captain was skeptical of the encounter until several more ships had arrived at the system and their force had grown to a formidable size .
tr	NN	Before anyone has a chance to draw breath , there 's a roar of rage and loss .
tr	NNS	These offers were legitimate , unlike Varia 's absurd " friendly " offer .
tr	NNS	What is more adventurous than curing a lunatic 's mad scheme or experiment ?
tr	NNS	There are a half-dozen nurses in the hallway , and a couple of doctors , all drawn to the commotion .
tr	NN	Love stepped inside and looked round .
tr	NNS	The accommodations seemed to have suffered a little since the occupation ; she sat on a hideous couch , fairly comfortable .
tr	NNS	Things come in visceral snippets now as I fly .
tr	NN	Then there was a short-lived and threatening growl .
tr	NN	The family reunion did not go quite as Bradley thought it would .
tr	NN	A guinea all that cost me !
tr	NNS	These men 's villages were to the north or east .
tr	NN	There was a soft sniffle .
tr	NNS	The bars slammed shut behind them and I struggled to a sitting position .
tr	NNS	Slow footsteps resonated in the corridor outside , echoing in the dark hall .
tr	NNS	' Any ideas ' ' Not yet love , I 'm looking , but if it 's here , it 's hidden in the text .
tr	NN	Even eternity was a human idea .
tr	NN	Mr Sugden 's baritone was far more serious .
tr	NN	The light shone in Michael 's eyes , blinding him .
tr	NN	" Where is the canvas ? "
tr	NNS	Lots of them , so many more than I 'd heard even that night in the woods .
tr	NNS	All the signs had been there , and I 'd ignored them .
tr	NNS	There were already discs of unused metal of the correct shape and thickness that needed only a small amount of work .
tr	NN	" Where did our fine sheriff dig you up ? "
tr	NN	A Guild of Assassins , " she explained simply .
tr	NN	A train whistle pierced through the night , catching all of them off guard .
tr	NNS	Our leaders assign roles with responsibilities according to the skills and strengths of individual members . '
tr	NNS	His funds didn 't amount to much ; he could stall only so long and then action was obligatory .
tr	NN	A tenant stopped in to chat . "
tr	NNS	CT scans had showed the drill had penetrated the superior sagittal sinus through the frontal bone , but the cerebral cortex remained untouched .
tr	NNS	Girls also had a weakness for his eyes and the way he laughed .
tr	NN	" Interesting , " the passenger replied .
tr	NN	JJ thinks for a moment .
tr	NN	" No kidding , " I said , still watching the moonlit landscape rush by .
tr	NNS	Bishop swallows , watching me with the same want in his eyes that he had while touching my leg .
tr	NNS	Quickly , from each dark corner , shadowy figures emerged and grabbed Hecate , wrapping dark arms around her and dragging her away .
tr	NNS	The two fairies relaxed and gave me some room .
tr	NN	My grandmother must have been pretty crazy , too .
tr	NN	In this condition , stellar mass engulfs and reduces all substances to other energy patterns .
tr	NN	The staircase ran down the middle of a large hall , a rotunda with a central location that was the size of a basketball court .
tr	NNS	Other items I locate in the wild .
tr	NN	The black aura was back , and Ellie shivered .
tr	NN	The environment you 're raised in is violent and aggressive .
tr	NNS	But first Raphael fancied attempting another conversation with Linda .
tr	NN	The page showed an old-fashioned English garden with formal raised beds bursting with perennials in full bloom .
tr	NN	A sharp slice of pain shot from behind my eyes and across my temples .
tr	NNS	All such teachings are popular , not because they are true , but because they are so appealing .
tr	NN	The medical examiner could never quite figure out exactly what was used .
tr	NN	Love poured out of her when they crested together .
tr	NN	The deputy squatted down behind the mother and grabbed her arms , pulling them back around her and cuffing them .
tr	NNS	The fathers ' runes identified the children at court .
tr	NN	" The senator 's wife ?
tr	NNS	Things to do tonight , you know . "
tr	NN	Love was about sacrifice and putting the wants and needs of the other person in front of your own .
tr	NNS	As he went further the tunnel dimensions were larger and he found he could stand without trouble .
tr	NN	The texture of his skin had changed .
tr	NNS	The peaks are white but the foothills are turning blue , even before his eyes , as the snow melts .
tr	NN	" But there 's not even any proof of that .
tr	NNS	Then both halves will sink .
tr	NNS	There were no sirens and no turbulence .
tr	NNS	Looks like it was abandoned a while ago . "
tr	NNS	There were no signs of anyone using ... . "
tr	NN	She shifted to meet him , then sighed with pure , unabashed pleasure as he cleaved into her in one long unhurried stroke , filling her completely .
tr	NNS	The vamps wouldn 't be so lucky .
tr	NN	The arrival at school was almost as spectacular with half a dozen or more classmates waiting by the drive .
tr	NNS	Acid greens mingled with impossible shades of paranormal blues , blacks and purples .
tr	NNS	Some aliens are and these were sent to Earth .
tr	NNS	Others looked at each other and did not understand why she was there .
tr	NN	' How was poker ? '
tr	NNS	The sales clerks all recognized her .
tr	NN	There was another splintering crash from behind them .
tr	NNS	Words failed the warrior , who planted his fist against his chest and bowed low .
tr	NN	" A superhero ... You know , cape , tights , super-powers . "
tr	NN	Terror filled me as a few drops of her blood splashed onto the floor just a couple of feet away from where I stood .
tr	NN	Still , the dwarf took it as a sign of encouragement that he 'd finally been able to hit me .
tr	NNS	There 're thousands of little peninsulas and things all over the coast , and no way to tell any of them apart . "
tr	NN	Chance , if the door happens to pop open while we 're gone , give us a holler . "
tr	NN	And the Sea , seeing a small gap appear where the great plates had been joined together , gleefully poured in .
tr	NN	The men 's elation of a few moments ago sank like a rock .
tr	NNS	Werewolves don 't need superhuman abilities when just being a wolf makes them more than a man , or in my case , a woman .
tr	NNS	The windshield wipers moved rhythmically as Gruber pulled into the street .
tr	NN	Our goal is one and the same . "
tr	NNS	The duchess now has a decent chance at victory .
tr	NNS	Many carts used to travel this way and the roads were carefully tended .
tr	NNS	Those werewolves fighting with Latham had picked the wrong side .
tr	NN	The final soft thud as the door sealed effectively removed the last sounds from IT and the rest of the silo .
tr	NNS	The thousands of occupants of high-rise buildings checked lights and heaters .
tr	NN	Instantly , the agony eased , as if he 'd been doused in cool water , washing it all away .
tr	NN	The blush he spoke of , now filled her cheeks .
tr	NNS	Things were already stirring on the continent ; unrest was brewing .
tr	NNS	Images burst like flashbulbs behind his lids when he closed his eyes .
tr	NN	The traitorous pilot toppled , a shot echoing , going wild as he flailed .
tr	NNS	I counted and reached almost thirty minutes when I heard those familiar slow , lazy footsteps echo far away .
tr	NNS	A place users and dealers meet .
tr	NNS	Decades old posters covered the walls of her classroom , many torn or falling , and all were yellowed and faded .
tr	NNS	" The lighter Jewels are for practice and everyday stuff until I 'm ready to set these . "
tr	NN	The sentence wasn 't a question but she answered with a nod .
tr	NNS	The four members of that team , along with basketball Bari , came together and embraced .
tr	NN	The silent clang of a warning bell went off in his mind .
tr	NNS	" That is what I assumed , " al ' Thor said in that terribly calm voice of his .
tr	NN	Part of her would have liked to lean back into his arms but another part wanted to rush away .
tr	NN	Raising her arms , her grandmother cupped Courtney 's face as she studied her .
tr	NNS	Before Thor could respond , suddenly , the three members of the King 's guard broke through the circle .
tr	NN	A shocking thrill spiraled down her spine at the thought .
tr	NN	The dragon whirled to face him .
tr	NNS	But your abilities cut a swath of darkness through all that youth and innocence , making you quite intriguing . "
tr	NN	" Part of me hopes that she 's stil in there somehow .
tr	NN	The rectangle of berms the men used for their overnight refuge had only one opening .
tr	NNS	His clientele all looked normal , some were families , some were all men , but all looked like normal tourists .
tr	NN	Then I can hunt her , the leopard in him said with glee .
tr	NNS	Lots of muted and gray auras in there made the atmosphere stifling and the vibe was one of hope and death at the same time .
tr	NN	This tribe of Witches have gone a long way to train people in the safe use of magic and safe interactions with nature and the supernatural .
tr	NN	The short chuckle that followed served to further infuriate Salem .
tr	NNS	Also , both attempts occurred in the middle of the day without an apparent getaway .
tr	NN	The spark started a small flame .
tr	NN	Part of the enemy fleet seemed to be preparing to move off , but it was hard to be sure .
tr	NN	Or a hooker 's g-string . "
tr	NNS	Our torches were beginning to flicker as they drained the mixed vegetable oil soaked into their rags .
tr	NNS	2 Selene 's quarters were small , of course , and compact ; but they were intricate .
tr	NN	Dove is utterly still .
tr	NN	There was a mountain of scrambled eggs , five pieces of bacon and four pieces of toast already buttered .
tr	NN	The pound of footsteps suddenly echoed and the flames several feet in front of her parted .
tr	NNS	There was something smug about him , now .
tr	NNS	Cars ringed the perimeter of a makeshift skating rink ; their golden headlights turned the place into an outdoor Madison Square Garden .
tr	NN	This route would also lead more directly to the most populous parts of Texas .
tr	NNS	Vehicle sales are almost always in the system ; there 's no reason not for them to be .
tr	NNS	There were five other cubicles similar to his own in the office .
tr	NN	An old , worn doll , probably from her mother 's own childhood .
tr	NN	The Castle of Triton rose in the distance -- a colossal fortress with many tall turrets , arched buttresses , and massive windows .
tr	NNS	The footsteps stopped and the room fell still .
tr	NN	The thrust carried both Seth and Riley into the trees , where the metallic screeching was matched by Riley 's screams .
tr	NNS	His relatives would honk and wave from their air-conditioned car , but would not take them that last mile home when they had blisters on their feet .
tr	NN	Dangerous , vengeful clarity cleared my mind and I let out a feral battle cry , announcing that I had arrived .
tr	NNS	The servants will help you .
tr	NN	A single lamp , in the far corner , was the only source of light .
tr	NNS	Things have a habit of finding me ! "
tr	NNS	But the authorities never presented any evidence .
tr	NN	" Hail fellow well met . "
tr	NNS	The police detectives , the private investigators Straker hired .
tr	NNS	Makes much more sense .
tr	NNS	Folks might have run to my room to see what was the matter , but they were screaming too .
tr	NN	My cable worked fine , but the alarms in my head were ringing loudly .
tr	NN	" The snake pit 's no big deal , all right ?
tr	NN	The robe is open , and she has let it gather at her elbows , a swoop of cloth low across her bare back .
tr	NN	Ultrasonic shrieking tore into his skull .
tr	NNS	" There 's rumours that he and Breedlove may be holed up somewhere trying to sell Foxton 's notebook to the highest bidder . "
tr	NN	" Not very good , " said the attorney , Joe , an hour later .
tr	NNS	The companions began glancing at each other 's faces in desperation now .
tr	NNS	His writings are from a book published almost a year after the fire .
tr	NN	The castle would have to wait .
tr	NNS	Anita 's actions hadn 't been entirely altruistic .
tr	NN	New York City 's streets shone black and wet , dotted with green leaves recently ripped from branches .
tr	NNS	The rats had found their group .
tr	NN	A huge mass of them stood between us and the main doors .
tr	NNS	By themselves , the receipts amounted to nothing more than very curious occurrences .
tr	NN	' But there was no reasoning with it , and I came to world .
tr	NN	' Yes , the coroner is sure of that . '
tr	NNS	There were other factors behind the company 's immediate end , political issues that were nothing a wise man would get involved in .
tr	NN	Another agent started the ambulance and set off , running dark , no flashing lights , no sirens .
tr	NN	The galley was not as large as the cargo bay had been , but it was infinitely more comfortable .
tr	NN	He was standing by the window and turned , his charming smile already in place .
tr	NN	His receptionist , Holly , sat at her desk , typing on her computer .
tr	NN	The smells of fabric softener and fried chicken threaten to make me sick .
tr	NN	" When I got home , the survival instinct was all I knew any more . "
tr	NN	Outside , the tiny metal prison they had sheltered themselves in a strange , hungry landscape waited to snatch and tear them up .
tr	NNS	How do Zeke 's drugs and land ownership relate ?
tr	NN	The chase was a short one .
tr	NN	The parade was halfway down Bourbon Street when Becca suddenly stopped waving and flinging beads .
tr	NN	And the priest came by ... " She winced again , her face contorting into a frown .
tr	NN	" Love is a fickle thing in this day , my ladies . "
tr	NNS	All in all , there were thousands of different kinds of glass that had been identified .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids felt heavy and it was an effort to open her eyes .
tr	NNS	The fabrics that had clothed them became torn and useless against the elements .
tr	NNS	Setting aside the possibility that he had been offered up as a sacrifice , there were still many possibilities in reserve .
tr	NNS	As Mike staggered ahead , his footsteps started to give off light -- lots of it .
tr	NNS	She stepped out of the restricting garment without a moment 's hesitation , her previous inhibitions erased by the excitement coursing through her .
tr	NNS	Lights flickered behind her eyelids .
tr	NN	A witness came to me for money .
tr	NN	The pilot started humming , drizzled the cocaine in his mouth , savoring it .
tr	NNS	There were night trains at odd intervals in this part of the country .
tr	NN	Soon bargaining would follow , and if that didn 't do the trick she 'd revert to good old blackmail .
tr	NN	" Of course there 's bar etiquette .
tr	NNS	Words failed her as he kept hold of her hand .
tr	NNS	The frames around his eyes glinted under a spotlight .
tr	NNS	With a touch of his trident gills form on Kol 's throat allowing him to breathe freely .
tr	NNS	Around the stone maze of the palace the servants of the kingdom began to wake up .
tr	NN	A neighbor who was walking his dog saw him as he was nearing home .
tr	NN	About twenty feet up , the squirrel turned around and swore loudly at George , its bushy tail flicking rapidly .
tr	NN	The most eligible bachelor in the city is staring at you !
tr	NNS	His contacts within the business community considered protection payments just another facet of company overhead , as necessary to survival as a good workforce and steady inventory .
tr	NNS	Things moved quickly that night .
tr	NNS	His actions were silky smooth , his gait changing almost instantaneously on command .
tr	NN	She found it easy to walk with Celt beside her , his body posture guiding her far better than even Justine had managed .
tr	NNS	Their instruction monitors mark them truant , and eventually it 's assumed they 've dropped out of school .
tr	NN	A midlife crisis is very common .
tr	NNS	There were small bits of truth in what she said , wrapped up in anger and pain , sugar coated razor blades .
tr	NN	My savior my first night in this world was in a good place and I was glad of it .
tr	NN	A lovely phoenix suddenly landed atop his shoulder .
tr	NN	' Yeah , supposedly , ' Love muttered and thrust a tea bag in to a mug .
tr	NN	There 's a reflection of pain in his eyes , and I glance away pretending not to have seen it .
tr	NNS	Not attending classes for a week won 't hurt my GPA . "
tr	NNS	chants echoed around us , roaring as loudly as the blood in my ears .
tr	NNS	At the sound , wetness pooled between her thighs .
tr	NN	" Done , " her Steward said .
tr	NN	Surrounded on all sides by encroaching foliage , the environment had an aura of significance .
tr	NN	" Her grandmother deserves most of the credit .
tr	NNS	Chartres favored her with his wild-eyed grin as if he had not offended her , as if she had never taken him to task .
tr	NN	A page on the left showed a drawn photo which had been painted in .
tr	NN	The colonel arrived to address them .
tr	NNS	My hopes of it being Amy were disappointing when I heard the slight Spanish accent .
tr	NNS	" Only goblins know where they are , and only goblins are allowed to see them and live .
tr	NN	There was another explanation .
tr	NNS	The quirky characters of the city were just annoying down here .
tr	NNS	The two wolves approached me cautiously .
tr	NN	" The pond turned from crystal clear to blood red . "
tr	NNS	To intensify these late night , private trials into anxiety ; the presence of a pick-up truck tailed Kelly some distance down the highway before turning right .
tr	NNS	Animals have instinct -- the instinct to survive , to keep on running .
tr	NNS	Others sent fruit baskets .
tr	NN	Seeing the boy hesitate , Pike did not , firing a shot that ricocheted off the rifle butt , knocking it to the floor .
tr	NNS	In fact so were grams and momma .
tr	NN	Gerard 's greeting flowed into the living room .
tr	NNS	Then the ruins ignited and began smoldering and burning .
tr	NN	" There is a vote this evening at the court .
tr	NN	But the pot matters to him .
tr	NN	The pup cried out and couldn 't walk for a long time .
tr	NN	As you can imagine , lava doesn 't do much damage to my kind .
tr	NN	Part of him wanted to divulge who he really was -- start off on the right foot with Melanie .
tr	NNS	Nerves snapped and crackled under her skin .
tr	NNS	Things swam sharply into focus .
tr	NNS	" Such cleverness all around , don 't you think ? "
tr	NNS	A few quick puffs and the joint was lit .
tr	NNS	Many curses are crap ?
tr	NN	which it was , and had rooms starting at more than 200 Australian dollars per night , beyond Wil 's wildest dreams .
tr	NNS	" Lilith 's minions are on the move .
tr	NN	The core absorbs the magick and then it filters it through the body .
tr	NN	The paint smeared under her , leaving impressions of her curves as she went .
tr	NNS	Private detectives and television journalists are exactly the kind of people who peddle ridiculous and alternative explanations for events like these .
tr	NNS	Lots and lots of cool morning air to dampen his ardor .
tr	NNS	The teachers had been against it .
tr	NNS	Serving all the happy , well-dressed couples on their Saturday night dates .
tr	NN	' As you can hear , your duke is a bit distraught just now . '
tr	NN	There was no hesitation from the Mercedes .
tr	NNS	The species possesses floppy small white ears lined in baby blue , big round amber eyes and two long red teeth called tusks .
tr	NN	" I saw those jogging shorts a mile away , so I said to myself , there 's a hooker with some style .
tr	NNS	But these hills were so remote and wide that the locals all had illegal mines running .
tr	NN	The miracle of that was almost too extraordinary to believe .
tr	NNS	But all the dark elves are that way .
tr	NNS	The double rows of bloodstained icicles were teeth .
tr	NNS	What would our fathers think ? "
tr	NNS	Words flood the head , all shouting one thing -- mistake .
tr	NN	The snake coiled itself around the reporter 's body , effectively tying him so that it was impossible to move .
tr	NN	The shooter remained a mystery , more fodder to add to the myriad conspiracies surrounding presidential assassinations .
tr	NN	The pigeon kept its head tucked and didn 't respond , so Miss Peregrine pecked it again , harder .
tr	NNS	Three tall cabinets dominated the wall that the door occupied .
tr	NN	There was no carpet on the floor .
tr	NN	My pa used to let us go with him once a month when I was little .
tr	NN	But when he looked up again , there was that same , familiar gleam in his eyes that the townspeople knew and feared so much .
tr	NNS	Witches and wizards abound and are still powerful .
tr	NN	The falcon wil watch over Meredith while we are away .
tr	NN	His bump and run shot from the back of the green flew past the pin and into the water .
tr	NN	Not even a little cancer can bring me down . "
tr	NN	My team leader threw both his hands up .
tr	NNS	Lots of scared executives worrying about what 's next .
tr	NN	In any case , the government , for all these reasons , carefully preserves the freedom of the universities .
tr	NNS	Sparkling crystal chandeliers reflecting light from the rich wood accents and golden gilded crown moldings bathed the room in an old , warm charm .
tr	NN	A brutal madness overtook him .
tr	NN	The priest would , even now , be continuing to console him as he approached the mob .
tr	NNS	The creatures covered the valley as a plague .
tr	NN	The other patrons would laugh at me and toss me nickels .
tr	NN	The new lounge was the one used for functions such as this , or discos .
tr	NNS	And then there were Mario 's exuberant hugs ... Mario was only four years old , but Charles didn 't have to know that , either .
tr	NNS	the duchess predicted , her eyes searching his grim face .
tr	NNS	" Cheap , untraceable materials , " agreed the technician .
tr	NN	the captain was not really trying anything ; he was just attempting to be a good host .
tr	NN	" The shuttle 's tail is four feet high , but I can retract it .
tr	NNS	His movements are quick and graceful , and his eyes are hidden behind shades .
tr	NNS	Other figures were in the car , but they were just indistinct blurs .
tr	NNS	The Prince 's pupils elongated and stayed that way .
tr	NNS	The warriors he 'd betrayed after his return from the demon dungeon .
tr	NN	The sweep of the bay was shallow , like a cupped hand turned sideways .
tr	NNS	Some had already spilled into the room , their expressions worried .
tr	NNS	" Strong images , madame , to inflict upon schoolgirls . "
tr	NNS	" Your instincts are never wrong so something has to be weird with this situation . "
tr	NN	And then her flashlight glowed over the larger duffel bag behind me .
tr	NN	' What 's the current status ? '
tr	NNS	Hendricks had shot Clay on his own , right ?
tr	NN	A thrill of surprise was visible in Gwendolen , but she did not feel any fear .
tr	NNS	Animals had obviously taken refuge inside .
tr	NNS	His forearms increased in size as he did .
tr	NN	His pulse was racing and he looked around desperately to try and work out what had caused the look of horror on Asha 's face .
va	NNS	Books were my greatest companion and stories my greatest distraction .
va	NN	Nick merely chased Kelly 's mouth with his own , kissing him fiercely , pul ing his hair as the kiss consumed them both .
va	NN	A soft whimper left her pretty lips and he had to press a kiss to them .
va	NNS	Tears stung his eyes again .
va	NNS	" The gods will reveal their plan shortly .
va	NN	There wasn 't a trace of compassion or sympathy on his face .
va	NNS	The numbing injections were still dulling the pain and the pain medicine was doing its job throughout my bloodstream .
va	NN	The local political representative asked some help from his constituency to help the family .
va	NNS	" Where are your manners ? "
va	NNS	" Your ashes are about to fall in the butter you know ! "
va	NN	The tobacco was rough on his throat as he inhaled but the taste was not unpleasant .
va	NNS	Heavyweight fists swung but Johnny parried and stepped dodging them .
va	NNS	" Only tracks are the victim 's and yours . "
va	NN	There , through the filmy glass of the car window , was the clinic .
va	NNS	" My wives are proud of my strength .
va	NN	A glimpse was enough to cause his gut to tie itself into knots .
va	NN	Caroline 's philosophy in life was to be comfortable , and she went to extraordinary lengths to accomplish it .
va	NNS	Notes sent electronically . "
va	NNS	Those trips had ceased after he was burned .
va	NNS	Then the unicorns shifted , making an opening in the circle .
va	NNS	Extreme circumstances during battle can bring out the truth in those involved .
va	NNS	The buttons were each an inch in diameter and had knurled or machined edges .
va	NNS	Her heavy lashes flew up to reveal bloodshot eyes .
va	NNS	Folklore was sipping lukewarm instant coffee , carried by hand the several hundred yards from the canteen and half slopped into the saucer .
va	NNS	The pleated curtains being ripped from the traverse rod , snapped Paul back into reality .
va	NNS	Several tendrils of mist twined around her fingers , but he knew she also encountered a solid wall .
va	NNS	With fuel efficiency refinements he added to the fuel portion of the hybrid drive liquid fuel costs had dropped by 10 % as well .
va	NNS	Elves have abilities way beyond anything any human can do .
va	NNS	Were his wounds healing ?
va	NNS	Tears thickened in Marian 's throat .
va	NNS	" What the - " I turned to see Beth running toward Micah , fists clenched .
va	NNS	But could our assumptions be all wrong .
va	NN	Her period was only a few days late .
va	NN	The gathering didn 't know what to do and murmured their confusion and shock .
va	NN	My mama likes the orange ones , three for her .
va	NNS	Once we arrived to the restaurant , the hostess directed us to our table .
va	NN	The tiny structure reminded me of my home in a strange way .
va	NN	Hart 's exasperation grew .
va	NN	The bucket slid an inch , then stopped .
va	NN	Closer examination of their vacant eyes reveals the girls are zombies , unable to resist her power and rise to do her bidding .
va	NN	The clear yellow flame was constant and bright , bathing him in a circle of light .
va	NN	Talk about mixed signals .
va	NN	Among the wreck of pots and dishes is a cut-up apple , with a bit of crumbs from the counter stuck to one of the cut edges .
va	NN	My only musical activity that gets his approval is backing up his loser impersonation job . "
va	NNS	But instead of something happening , the SS officers walked from the square leaving the men standing in the sun again .
va	NN	" Just how bad is this rash , Kirk ? "
va	NNS	My motivations were my own , the money had to sit there and I couldn 't wait to begin saving .
va	NNS	Men strutted by in perfectly tailored suits and women glowed in couture gowns .
va	NNS	No cubs ran in backyards , no parents moved between houses , no one worked in yards or sat on porches .
va	NNS	The dogs followed behind , eagerly chasing the ball as she threw it along the beach .
va	NNS	The dogs , I suppose .
va	NN	At the doorway to the study , the patter of small feet crowded in .
va	NN	The pod came to a smooth stop at the laboratory station .
va	NN	There was no resistance .
va	NN	A second later , the entire simulation exploded on the screen in a wave of particles .
va	NNS	The events of the previous night rushed into her mind and she couldn 't help but smile .
va	NN	All her enjoyment vanished in an instant .
va	NNS	Tears stung the back of her eyes .
va	NNS	Rhys said and poured a cup .
va	NN	Their eagerness to reach her was almost palpable .
va	NN	The aroma of her stayed with him .
va	NN	A crazy , scary shine in his eyes , like a silver film .
va	NN	My hair growth had slowed down , but it continued to thicken .
va	NN	" Yup , " said the 33rd President of the United States .
va	NNS	A few crumbs fell onto her lap , reminding her of gerbil poops .
va	NNS	The twenty-eight dollars is still there .
va	NN	Like driving was some weirdo religion .
va	NNS	As you probably know , farm prices are low and have been for years .
va	NNS	The lords who rode nearest me were very grave .
va	NN	" And an utter failure at personal relationships , much like his father .
va	NNS	The octopus moved out of the way and the gopher turned a knob on the front of what seemed to be some sort of yellow space suit .
va	NNS	A dim brightness was shining into the sewing room from the outside lighting .
va	NN	His anticipation for the night was palpable .
va	NNS	My foot catches on an errant branch and I land face first in the dirt .
va	NNS	The yards of fabric they called a nightgown covered her enough .
va	NN	The occasional colourful outfit stood out like a beacon in this conservative area where neon was rare and the colours used for shop fronts were subdued .
va	NNS	" So , I take it the doctors confirm my suspicions that I 'm going to live ? "
va	NN	Her new-found enthusiasm didn 't help .
va	NNS	The doctors said he might never walk without a limp again .
va	NNS	The threads whined as they drew taut .
va	NN	" Another program , " she whispered under her breath .
va	NN	A furrow appeared between Drew 's eyes .
va	NNS	Big chunks of glowing crystals adorned many of the surfaces in the room , some of them large enough to be freestanding on the floor .
va	NN	Anything else would only encourage him .
va	NN	His attitude infuriated Charlotte .
va	NN	A smirk flooded across Caroline 's face as she remembered she 'd seen him more than half-naked .
va	NNS	" There are pins as well , aren 't there ? "
va	NNS	Even though those jobs paid the most cash .
va	NN	All this nonsense about witchcraft isn 't really anything more than an excuse to eliminate competition .
va	NNS	Tears rushed to clog her throat and eyes .
va	NN	Maybe the fling with Ryan touched her more than I thought , and she couldn 't share my enthusiasm because she had lost faith in all men .
va	NN	But the she-wolf tightened her hold , her fingernails cutting into Kylie arms .
va	NNS	The gentle caress shot his already aroused body into the stratosphere .
va	NN	The remainder stayed behind .
va	NNS	Dozens of people slept in blankets under the open sky .
va	NN	The bath instantly began to fill with a thick brown substance , and I squealed as it covered my skin .
va	NN	This new pour was a two-step waterfall , though it dwarfed by a fathomless margin Kate 's memory of rafting down the big pour .
va	NN	" There 's a healthy supply of underground springs feeding the entire island , so each tiger territory has an ample supply of freshwater .
va	NN	The rib is killing him ; each breath stitches red through the murky blue .
va	NNS	The echoes built again , bouncing wildly , and Claire crouched down in place , hands firmly over her ears again .
va	NN	Another volunteer , a broad-shouldered man , was working the table with me , helping to hand out the bags of groceries .
va	NNS	" Elves and shifters mate for life .
va	NNS	Tiny diamonds dangled from her earlobes , and a silver pendant rested on her chest .
va	NN	The wall telephone rang , and she rushed over to answer it .
va	NNS	" Men rather quickly changed their minds .
va	NNS	Our laws draw a line between good and evil , the light and the dark .
va	NNS	There are only so many moves or breaks I can combine until I just move or putt on instinct .
va	NNS	" There are different kinds ? "
va	NNS	There are watch points along the way .
va	NNS	Nikolas looked to Captain Shaw .
va	NNS	The files deal with two construction projects financed by the corporation .
va	NNS	Tears streamed down Finn 's face .
va	NNS	$ 5 pitchers were a good way to get really , really wasted .
va	NNS	" Five thousand pounds , and that 's our final offer . "
va	NNS	" We can still talk , there are phones . "
va	NN	His mustache has a reddish cast ; otherwise , his hair is as black as mine .
va	NN	An assistant scurried off and returned shortly with a steaming cup of Starbucks .
va	NNS	The prisoners were an older woman with a stout look on her face and bulging white eyes .
va	NNS	" What 'll you folks have to drink ? "
va	NN	Not the happy anchor that keeps you safe and grounded , the one you get tattooed across your chest . )
va	NN	The lad squealed but , perhaps out of shock , fell silent when the man kicked the backs of his legs slamming his knees to the ground .
va	NNS	Her masters of personal and household security were good .
va	NN	A tiny hoop pierced one ear , and tattoos crawled across his wiry forearms .
va	NNS	Only her panting breaths echoed on the stones .
va	NN	This first encounter could be her treat , and if that made him uncomfortable , he could pay her back .
va	NNS	Its pages that are missing .
va	NN	A muscle in Shay 's jaw tensed .
va	NNS	Hours became days and days grew into weeks as vast numbers of mortal women pressed into the relentless fury of hideous monsters .
va	NNS	In order to keep the chalky substance in place when the cores were exposed , the wires had to be terminated with small aluminium pots .
va	NNS	Guys playing Taylor Swift and snagging hot dates would only work in the life of my brother .
va	NN	Fear coated her mouth , forming a knot in her throat , making it hard for her to breathe .
va	NNS	Or at least math tricks , " Jack said .
va	NN	" What pul ed you back ? "
va	NN	The style of her pants was classic and nondescript .
va	NNS	Agnes was looking slightly pale , and was holding onto Louisa 's arm for support .
va	NN	His apprehension went on a steady incline since the last communication with Alpha Base .
va	NN	All my childhood terror over the Puppet That Bites came flooding instantly back .
va	NN	" On ends of cycles , usually the Stalker Men are quiet , and Level Zero becomes this blank place . "
va	NNS	Apparently all the thugs were sleeping in .
va	NN	Any proximity to Celestino was better than never seeing him again .
va	NNS	Eyes closed , I recount the details as far as I can remember them and try not to fall asleep .
va	NNS	Beyond the wild gardens was the north woods .
va	NNS	Tears ran down her cheeks and she sniffled .
va	NNS	The archangels were the bail bondsmen , Reed was her dispatcher , and she was a bounty hunter .
va	NNS	These beings are extremely intelligent .
va	NN	* * * On Tuesday morning the telephone rang .
va	NNS	Men who are good with kids and animals are a rare find . "
va	NN	A patch of dirt in front of them vibrated and swirled .
va	NNS	Yours is one of science .
va	NNS	The monks called for order .
va	NNS	Enforcers often hunted down new changelings avidly , for they were easy prey .
va	NNS	The headlights from occasional passing cars lit his dark skin so that he looked like a ghost .
va	NNS	Matthias couldn 't see it from where he sat , but I felt her body next to mine , sensed her beyond her physical reaction .
va	NN	All his lean muscle and manly goodness were almost more than I could handle .
va	NNS	My chest pounds and the blood in my veins pumps vigorously through my body .
va	NN	The landscape sped past the open windows on the car .
va	NNS	Gloomy shapes started to take form as her vision slowly adjusted .
va	NN	Pride and greed had come to the fore , and honor had vanished .
va	NNS	At least one wounded and the cavalry ain 't coming .
va	NNS	Frothy relics escaped from the elastic of her lips but she swished some more and made raspberry sounds .
va	NNS	The dogs were the most dangerous hazard for people with a normal energy field .
va	NNS	There was a hiss of sound and the air around her changed .
va	NNS	His claws were out , but his hands were incredibly gentle as he pulled her away from Ryan .
va	NNS	But , gods , getting her to speak was like pulling teeth !
va	NNS	Our files on him are incomplete ; he should be another 15 years older !
va	NN	The Chinese calendar is a year earlier than the Gregorian calendar , so either of the men could have been the one we want .
va	NN	Another series of images exploded in my mind , colorless from age , but that wasn 't why I touched him .
va	NNS	There 's cartoons what are put up , too .
va	NN	The stream , never big to begin with , was level with its banks after the recent rainfall .
va	NN	A solution seemed unfeasible .
va	NNS	Although this thought runs through my mind , my doubts of his return plague me .
va	NNS	Tears were pouring uncontrollably down her cheeks as she pulled at tendrils of bush that had entangled her ankle - and a good thing , too .
va	NN	But some glimmer of him had stumbled into the present .
va	NNS	The maids do their jobs .
va	NN	# The preacher smelled the barn before he entered .
va	NNS	' The gardens are a much easier choice . '
va	NNS	Second , the politicians used the dirt to keep party members in line .
va	NNS	Dozens of buildings had come down or were now tilted crazily .
va	NN	Perhaps the best outcome would be if they never found the book .
va	NN	In addition , the oddity wasn 't just around her .
va	NNS	" The scouts you dispatched with a radio have returned . "
va	NN	The rescue would have to be called off and there was no chance that they could find the children now .
va	NN	A muscle ticked in his jaw .
va	NNS	My fists flailed at his face , his neck , the air , but the blows had no effect whatsoever .
va	NN	So government airship crossed out .
va	NN	This past winter she 'd added a " birthday party in a box " - more scaled-down , do-it-yourself versions of her trademarked theme parties .
va	NN	Her arrogance was apparent and unmistakable .
va	NNS	Tears pricked Harriet 's eyes as she nodded .
va	NNS	" Figures , " he replied .
va	NNS	" The phones are lighting up all over the place . "
va	NN	The stallion 's actions and her responses .
va	NN	The blast threw everyone to the ground .
va	NNS	The compliments made her glow inside .
va	NNS	A forensics tech ? "
va	NN	A muscle jerked in Poseidon 's jaw .
va	NNS	Then , the rebels launched their attack .
va	NN	But with heightened senses , the task proved easy .
va	NNS	From these ran several tubes , each of which flowed into a long black pillar raised in front of the row of bars .
va	NNS	The cupcakes were better than good , much better .
va	NN	And then the seismic jolt knocks me backwards , stumbling , and I feel the cold fingers of open air clawing at my back .
va	NNS	A great , unbearable sadness came over her .
va	NN	The green growth faded .
va	NN	The result of our love was a child that I have just found about . '
va	NN	A conveyor belt ran down the long side with an acrylic door at the beginning .
va	NN	There was no trace of emotion in his voice .
va	NN	The aroma of fresh pesto spreading over my tongue almost made me moan with pleasure .
va	NNS	Overhead , bald eagles soared .
va	NN	" Where 's your wallet then ? "
va	NNS	Abbas shouted in reply .
va	NN	Owner and art forever linked .
va	NNS	So parts of the conversation went like this : Tiffany said , ' I live down on the Chalk . '
va	NNS	The bands were like their customers , only more so , as they belted out lyrics of tragic death and love , spurned or otherwise .
va	NN	There was a soreness there which was becoming a familiar norm for Joseph .
va	NN	There 's camera footage at those stations and satellite photos .
va	NNS	Bigger pipes take waste out . "
va	NNS	Hundreds of tiny slits on its head opened , releasing a mass of red-eyed serpents .
va	NN	" Yes sir , " said the mech .
va	NNS	The barbarians nearest him followed suit and began to ignite their own torches .
va	NNS	The phones were in a dead-end lobby and he didn 't want to feel trapped .
va	NNS	Hospital 's patients were leisurely strolling outside .
va	NN	" Beyond your wildest dreams , " the imp replied .
va	NN	His reluctance to give me a yes or no answer makes doubt coil inside me , hard and cold and impossible to swallow .
va	NNS	Lycans climbed the trees surrounding the clearing and the strongest of them made large leaps in an effort to get over the shield .
va	NNS	The stage managers knew to keep something , a bucket , a bowl , a barf bag , in strategic places backstage .
va	NNS	Tears are kind of wet . "
va	NNS	Other wealth management firms could use that against them every time they make a pitch .
va	NN	The service at the hotel really was special .
va	NN	The surge of strength and power was incredible .
va	NNS	Stone gargoyles sitting upon the jagged wrought-iron gates seemed to smile at me as I approached .
va	NN	So , much adoration did finally touch the most capricious and obdurate of hearts .
va	NN	The black mare was a beautiful animal .
va	NNS	Not only the snowflakes stood motionless , but everything appeared to have stopped in mid motion .
va	NNS	Books , on the other hand , mean something .
va	NNS	There were no headlights behind her , thankfully .
va	NN	Finally , after a nearly audible internal struggle , the president nodded .
va	NN	My assistant was trying to protect you .
va	NN	# All day long the preacher had been talking to himself .
va	NNS	Tears filled Sasha 's eyes as Ammon smiled and looked at her with all the love in the world shining from his own glistening eyes .
va	NNS	Political discussions appeared in his thoughts , debates as to who would be the better candidate for a given office .
va	NN	" One more semester and I get my undergraduate . "
va	NNS	Guys felt that in another time and place , they might have been involved .
va	NN	The chicken was in the oven , and it would be about half an hour before the evening meal was ready .
va	NNS	Some cash bundles fell to the ground with a thump , and other loose bills fluttered down slowly .
va	NNS	The owners aren 't tearing it down after all .
va	NNS	The insufferable fools she had just left had pushed her too far , causing her to walk out of the meetings completely .
va	NN	" My resistance wasn 't pointless .
va	NNS	Simms nodded , a neat , economical motion .
va	NNS	" The most powerful bonds are the ones that grow slowly . "
va	NNS	His fists hammered home time after time until he 'd driven the wolf to his knees .
va	NN	My heel caught on the stairs and I would have fallen down the whole flight if Mr. Frost hadn 't caught me .
va	NNS	" The important parts still work . "
va	NNS	' Human beings are never black and white , Karen .
va	NNS	Hours slipped away as I lay there immersed in a time long gone .
va	NNS	The houses were asleep around them .
va	NNS	Apparently , inmates had been teasing Thomas about getting beat up by Stewart and he just snapped .
va	NNS	Tears glittered in her eyes .
va	NNS	Months would go by when layoffs were the norm and work the exception .
va	NN	When he persisted and then demanded the space , his manager made it clear that CNN was not interested and to not mention it again .
va	NN	For a few moments , the continually present ache faded into the background .
va	NNS	Suddenly , the sadness of that overwhelms me and I drop my eyes , collapsing onto one of the kitchen chairs .
va	NN	After only a few moments , the helicopter landed on the roof of a building .
va	NNS	Fergus and Tavis had paced about her room , sighing repeatedly and loudly as they 'd waited for her to finish with her hair .
va	NNS	What are your duties ? "
va	NNS	Men were dying and there was nothing she could do .
va	NN	So what 's the harm in trying to negotiate ?
va	NN	" Your dorky girlfriend needs to learn some respect .
va	NNS	Tears filled my eyes as I stared at the beauty of it .
va	NN	" They 're thinning , " the gunslinger said .
va	NN	" The god is coming into his house .
va	NNS	Lars and I have spent the weekend going over everything and I have the contract drawn up and ready to go . "
va	NNS	There were no remote controls that could do that .
va	NN	A punch was nothing , no more than a speeding ticket .
va	NNS	My headlights shone brightly onto her home and I watched as she locked her door .
va	NN	This new growth is aggressive .
va	NN	" A secret society from back in the day when Elena 's parents were here , " he said .
va	NNS	Everyone moves downstairs , stepping over the busted door .
va	NNS	Besides , your comrades are a lost cause if they 're in the arena . "
va	NNS	" The doctors said he should be cleared to go home tonight . "
va	NN	The structure itself was quite impressive .
va	NN	" Oh , no ... " " The doctors called Mother and me to the hospital . "
va	NN	The cracking continues , I get up from the dirt , brush off my hoodie , and look to see that everything looks normal .
va	NNS	Tears burned the backs of her eyes and dampened her cheeks .
va	NNS	' As long as you folks don 't mind listening .
va	NNS	All the Dauntless go quiet when I walk into the cafeteria that night .
va	NNS	" Prince , Galley slaves require extra food and water , and must be constantly watched to prevent rebellion .
va	NNS	There are a few other vehicles scattered around too , crashed into shop fronts or each other .
va	NNS	What would these faeries do if they knew how I felt ?
va	NN	The saloon was the only thing booming , and not with wedding business .
va	NNS	Chances are if they win we 'll never see them again !
va	NN	" What 's the significance of kneeling ?
va	NN	The bartender didn 't look sorry .
va	NN	For a fraction of an inch inward from this outline the landscape was just visible through them : beyond that they were opaque .
va	NN	Later in that day , that cook carried an extra bag .
va	NNS	We 've smuggled things before in them and you can trust me , cops just aren 't interested in that kind of vehicle . '
va	NNS	The complications started from then on .
va	NN	When I emerged into the lobby the doorman greeted me .
va	NNS	Paper lanterns were glowing near the pool .
va	NN	Because my version has us going to the place of no return . "
va	NNS	" Not all wives live in the kitchen .
va	NNS	My poor babies , " she said , navigating her way through broken glass .
va	NNS	" The chimneys , " he shouted .
va	NNS	There were often distinct advantages to being the most recognized man on the planet .
va	NNS	" When I lived in England our neighbors in St. Wenn had several packs of beagles .
va	NN	" The butter is from Wisconsin .
va	NN	The soft velvety feel of the sofa cushioned her back .
va	NN	The mule would make the drop , then turn around and drive back to south Florida .
va	NNS	" Aye indeed , sir , " the youth said , his gestures expansive .
va	NN	" Name was Bob .
va	NNS	There were more nail marks , four side-by-side punctures , rather than rakes , on the other side of his neck .
va	NN	But now , the surf is still wild and close , cramping me to the cliff walls .
va	NN	Another blast sent me dropping to my knees as it whizzed by right where I 'd been standing .
va	NN	The soft , silky fabric was cool on his hands as he unrolled Sandwich 's sword .
va	NN	But since the star moves with me , a messenger could follow us wherever we went .
va	NNS	Leaves and twigs scraped her bare flesh .
va	NN	Small Talk hands me a short sword .
va	NN	Her address was in the same building where M. V. Papillon lived . ]
va	NNS	According to this , all the launching controls are available at the Earth base .
va	NN	" An admirable trait in a counterintelligence officer , " Niu said .
va	NN	" But any nation that seeks peace with Troy on her terms may leave here unmolested and enjoy the fruits of our trade . "
va	NN	There is an offensive planned .
va	NN	The clerk sized him up and then shrugged .
va	NN	Her delay only whetted his curiosity .
va	NNS	As the wind died down , the lofty beings leaned forwards on their barbed legs , ready to strike .
va	NN	Simon looked up at her , a sardonic look on his face .
va	NNS	The dregs of years of disuse didn 't inspire confidence .
va	NN	Because that would be just ... total y and completely hypocritical . "
va	NNS	Beads of water were racing each other down his forehead collecting , in his thick eyebrows .
va	NNS	The heavy sadness that permeated those words stole Keith 's breath .
va	NNS	There were two long , slender mounds just where the woman had described them .
va	NN	Capital planet is Talon .
va	NNS	Tears glinted in the corners of his eyes .
va	NNS	The experts mulled this question as they watched him slowly bend and sit .
va	NNS	That some relationships could survive .
va	NN	His bloodied snout broke inward , a shard of bone lodging in his brain .
va	NNS	Sweat beads lined his forehead .
va	NNS	Seattle 's artistic creations of every kind were on display .
va	NNS	Its threads crisscrossed her body , the white strands already turning red as the acid coating sank into her .
va	NN	Small Talk flicks my helmet open and shoves a piece of rubber into my mouth .
va	NN	There was a ringed planet close enough that they could clearly see the rings shimmering in the night sky .
va	NN	The journey from Josh 's flat had been uncomfortable , or at least the part of it she could remember .
va	NN	Fear , cold and damp , settled between her shoulder blades at his tone .
va	NNS	His Hush puppies crunched brittle leaves beneath them .
va	NN	" Their girlfriend they wouldn 't do anything to mess this up ?
va	NN	" The fuck was that ? "
va	NNS	Books changed my academic life .
va	NNS	Twenty-five thousand dollars would go a really long way towards helping Mom .
va	NN	Even that bond became strained because of the looming " after " time , a free-fall into sadness because there was nothing else left between them .
va	NN	" The hangar has three balcony levels but there are split levels between .
va	NNS	Tears dampened her lashes , and she raised her hands to her mouth .
va	NN	His grace will stay true to his promise .
va	NN	The kelp pulled tighter and I felt my body growing limp .
va	NN	Her assistant sounded worried about something more than just interrupting her boss having sex in her office .
va	NN	The border was just past the camp .
va	NN	Then the buzzing in his ears receded and he became aware of a good bit of screaming and banging .
va	NN	The stream of people thickened up .
va	NNS	Four hundred pounds of predator landed on top of him , growling and snapping at his face .
va	NN	My handler takes the seat next to me in math class , blocking my view of James .
va	NNS	And some angels were , but so many were not .
va	NN	The item I want you to retrieve is a crystal . '
va	NNS	Their positions at opposite ends of the bus kept them out of view from one another .
va	NN	" What 's your fourth period ? "
va	NNS	The hairs on Emily 's arms stood on end .
va	NN	She waited , watched the surging swarm of cells bent on enveloping the essence of her life .
va	NNS	" Besides , the roofs would be hard to clamber over .
va	NN	The aloof , oh so superior Gideon , lusting after a disgusting human .
va	NNS	The implications were obvious .
va	NN	English version ( hybrid ) This is an integral Hybrid English translation .
va	NNS	" The scouts caught him walking into the sledding . "
va	NN	Raven drops down beside me and slips her foot out of her boot .
va	NN	The youth asked for a lager .
va	NNS	Tears spurt from his eyes .
va	NNS	Inside the dusk , the youngsters looked around .
va	NN	The entire populace was a provisional army in the making .
va	NN	The radio startled me awake .
va	NNS	Good dragon gods , give me more time .
va	NNS	Stones grated to her right , and a wall slid open .
va	NNS	The events of the previous evening and early morning sorted themselves out in my mind .
va	NN	There was a late fog moving in , blanketing the bay with gray clouds and shrouding the city entirely .
va	NN	" Under whose authority ?
va	NNS	Thankfully , with satisfied grins , the police officers turned to leave .
va	NNS	The hostess sat us at a table near the front of the restaurant where it felt like being seated in the dining room of a private home .
va	NN	" Anybody would have wanted to do that . "
va	NN	' Instead there is a harmonious flow , a union that does not break because of coming from different places .
va	NN	The foyer was still full of people , though not the crush that had filled it when she 'd entered the assembly rooms earlier tonight .
va	NN	A tiny gray hut sat in the middle of twenty cars .
va	NNS	Even the local farmers felt they were above such meager connections . "
va	NNS	The backyard 's remnants told them it once had a well-manicured garden .
va	NN	" Your next World Cup event is the Royal Easter Show in Sydney , isn 't it ? "
va	NN	Our last encounter had been a hard awakening for me , having to face Quinn 's desperation and emptiness .
va	NN	Confusion ... fear ... and attraction .
va	NNS	Other empty-handed raiders came racing from a couple of the buildings .
va	NN	The Queen burst out laughing , and immediately , the courtiers copied her mirth .
va	NNS	Gray stone chimneys bookended the place , seemed to hold it together .
va	NN	The same patient who was now fortified in his room with the doors nailed shut .
va	NN	" Oh goodness " said Trudy .
va	NNS	Their conversations had become stilted lately ; hope had worn thin .
va	NNS	My officers know that , though they choose to forget .
va	NN	" My skill is rapid calculation and derivative analysis .
va	NN	" I kinda am . "
va	NN	Her friend Lindsay released the beer and dragged Cassidy into a hug .
va	NN	The mole transformed into the tattoo .
va	NN	All total there were more than 60 children there seated for supper & still no one spoke .
va	NNS	Are souls like milky or do they look like orange juice ?
va	NNS	The tabloids seemed to be coming after you . "
va	NN	The possibility of a bubble bath popped cruelly out of her mind .
va	NN	A full-size male sea lion bucked against the walls of the extra-large dog kennel he 'd been herded into .
va	NNS	That two different beings could introduce her to such opposite emotions shocked her to her very core .
va	NN	Her muscles tightened around him , an untamed look in her eyes .
va	NN	Darkness split in a white beam that made it seem as though lightning had hit nearby .
va	NNS	Her daughters are the best helpers to her especially during the evening and late night baby patrol .
va	NN	A tower , it had to be Big Ben .
va	NN	The tingling already had begun to recede , dissipating to his fingertips .
va	NN	There was a very large , dark , ominous cloud that had formed it was darkest and most menacing over the barn .
va	NNS	Spirits of destruction rose in the minds of people and struck them down .
va	NN	The ambulance screeched to a stop .
va	NNS	There was hundreds couldn 't get into the Cavern . '
va	NN	The suspicion returned and his voice was hard when he spoke .
va	NNS	Ya ' know , appointments , pardons , you name it .
va	NN	Nosy old bat , Trip called her .
va	NN	' Somebody like him . '
va	NNS	Now down to eighteen men the plates had reduced to twelve .
va	NNS	Time zones just kind of faked it .
va	NN	His senior advisor says , " Bait and Switch story , Sir ? "
va	NNS	Women and men cried over the dead bodies , and Zoey felt a pain in her chest -- they had died because of her .
va	NNS	" Hey , Alex 's cartoons are blaring .
va	NNS	Five feet away , fangs flashed , white as piercing icicles glinting through the dusky evening sunset .
va	NNS	Her pink lips were parted slightly , her dark eyelashes fluttered every now and again .
va	NNS	It was never like that , the dogs always laid on it and messed it up .
va	NN	The she-wolf shot Kylie a slight smirk , as if wanting Kylie to know she was friends with Lucas 's dad .
va	NN	There 's no strain of narcissism inside me that requires high-end applause .
va	NNS	' Suman , come , come , ' Jyoti didi said .
va	NN	Where r u ? "
va	NNS	Her sleeves were long and she showed not a hint of bosom or even the shape of her figure .
va	NNS	There are games , dancing , entertainers and finally the Spring Procession -- and the bonfires , of course .
va	NN	As to this time-honored tradition , the ceremonial starter is a sweet touch .
va	NNS	" Thank you ... " The officers walked towards the freezer and opened the door , he stepped inside .
va	NN	Huw 's attitude softened slightly .
va	NNS	Rolling meadows , lined now in dying grasses , and woodlands beyond .
va	NN	Fury bared its teeth as froth dripped from its mouth .
va	NN	Another whack sent the mush splattering in all directions .
va	NNS	But her gifts , as you call them , were too many to count . "
va	NNS	There were no laws for giant flying monsters .
va	NN	The library had computers that could access information through the telephone lines .
va	NNS	Andris slammed the empty bottle on the counter .
va	NN	But a swarming blanket of reporters and cameras in the street , some encroaching onto the lawn .
va	NN	Still , this feud felt different .
va	NN	But a long way west , because the police station must be near .
va	NNS	The other whales were near her and had been periodically coming up to check on her .
va	NNS	The events of the last week had been exhausting and I was emotionally spent .
va	NNS	No caress could survive the cold .
va	NNS	Then yer c 'n git some rest til mornin ' , " and left them .
va	NNS	There , toward the back wall was a sarcophagus , the first she 'd seen .
va	NN	Fortunately the knob was unlocked and I let myself in .
va	NNS	Tears hovered in his eyes , but did not fall .
va	NNS	His breaths came rapidly .
va	NN	This intensity was terrifying me .
va	NNS	Young oaks threw their shadows over the grass and to the right a wooden playhouse crouched in the shadows .
va	NN	The moat wasn 't nearly as bad as some other waters he 'd been in before .
va	NNS	Guys don 't work like that .
va	NNS	The houses on this street were run-down , with bars on the windows .
va	NN	The bartender was right .
va	NN	The performance had stopped at last .
va	NNS	Weeks went by and everything went good for Lewis .
va	NNS	Wyatt 's lashes lifted .
va	NN	" Come on , honey , " his voice was so unexpectedly gentle she found herself blinking back burning tears .
va	NNS	Tears stung his eyes and a wonderful pain filled his chest .
va	NN	Lucy 's irreverent attitude was somehow reassuring .
va	NNS	These talks will join two powerful planets into the family of the Collective .
va	NN	Defiantly , the teen opened the door .
va	NN	We will check in with you tomorrow , " Dane replies .
va	NNS	The railway tracks east from Munich were in slightly better condition than those in the western part of the Occupied Zones of Germany .
va	NNS	Instead , large numbers of well armed and stubborn male defenders wait for them .
va	NN	Your arrogance surpasses all things but your vanity . "
va	NN	" Your statement is unsound emotionalism .
va	NNS	This paper points out this whole problem of sexual abuse of children is fully part of a much bigger picture of sexual stupidity in general .
va	NN	Another blizzard came along right on the heels of the first one , and I had to build us another shelter .
va	NN	For some reason my telepathy is as strong as ever .
va	NNS	All our meals , " he said .
va	NN	Her carriage left the city long before ours .
va	NN	The happiness that stole over her was complete .
va	NNS	I watched him , fists clenched , stil ful y aware of the indents on my neck where Damon had pinned me .
va	NNS	On one side , a massive bellows sat , while the pile of fuel lay on the other side .
va	NNS	And the close-fitting elbow length sleeves ended in a good three inches of frilled white lace .
va	NN	While not quite as grand , his parents ' estate , as well as his home , was gorgeous .
va	NN	The district is by far the largest part of the country , considerably larger than the remaining nine districts put together , but almost unpopulated .
va	NN	The god christened the ground with his black blood .
va	NNS	Shifters were masters of nonverbal communication .
va	NN	His skin is pockmarked and dry , a single purple vein throbs and bulges on this forehead .
va	NN	The desolation eased in her eyes .
va	NN	After a good ten or fifteen seconds of silence , the director nodded curtly .
va	NN	The defeatist attitude was back in James 's voice .
va	NNS	There were mostly files that had the line " Human Resources ' Limits " written on them .
va	NNS	" My charges have been raving about it ever since it became official and they stood behind her at the insistence of their queen .
va	NNS	His penis has done nothing wrong .
va	NNS	Matthias sat at a table in the corner of the bar as far from me as the small room would allow .
va	NN	The fence was so close I could see it clearly now .
va	NN	There were a bunch of tourists and locals loitering as well as several journalists and camera people .
va	NN	At the same time , if they lost , there was no greater shame .
va	NNS	Men want arm candy . "
va	NNS	There are some fabulous new shops down there . "
va	NN	Griff stared at him aghast , " you do not believe in the so-called Master do you ? "
va	NN	Through the windshield caught a glimpse of the constellations spinning .
va	NN	That pistol looked just like yours .
va	NNS	The bats would emit a sound that would echo off something solid and they 'd be able to tell where it was located .
va	NN	Henry says , careful y pul ing off my helmet .
va	NN	The impervious fabric hindered his movement .
va	NN	My wallet and whatever you found in it don 't make a bit of difference to me . "
va	NNS	Dark shapes sprang up , moving and darting , closer and closer .
va	NNS	The noises around him disappeared , leaving a ghostly rumbling silence , and he felt it grow cold around him .
va	NNS	The cops cheered him on .
va	NNS	Tears started to fill my eyes as I spoke to him .
va	NNS	As the bedlam reached its highest level , the riders in a boiling cloud of dust would appear .
va	NN	It 's a nasty affliction , " the cook explained .
va	NN	The chamber wasn 't a lab or training ground as Beth had expected , but more of a prison or detention centre .
va	NNS	Rhys tensed above me , and not in a sexual way , but as if he was thinking .
va	NN	Like she said , the price for us being left alone is a bit steep .
va	NNS	Mike 's brownies , however , did .
va	NN	A branch came dropping down to just miss him , " not yet , you clot . "
va	NN	The maddening activity soon trickled to a stop .
va	NN	To her mind , there was a trace of feeling in its voice that should not have come from a machine .
va	NNS	Tears stung his eyes .
va	NN	" So she paid you back the same way , " the foreman said .
va	NNS	Gold pans hung next to fishing lures , which hung next to bags of marshmallows , which sat next to gigantic bags of charcoal briquettes .
va	NNS	The diamonds that made up the six rays of the delicate snowflake glinted in the winter sun .
va	NN	Its only saving grace was a beautiful fireplace adorned with an elaborately carved mantelpiece .
va	NNS	Men are so easy .
va	NNS	But the islands are different .
va	NNS	The man 's injuries are inflamed and he himself is feverish .
va	NN	Its proximity to popular under-age drinking spot The White Hart added to its popularity .
va	NN	The envelope I 'd taken from home held exactly six thousand dollars in cash .
va	NNS	Seconds had passed , yet it felt like much longer .
va	NNS	Major Cable news outlets wanted our stories .
va	NN	The owner was an icon , a rich industrialist type who 'd gone into retail and never left .
va	NN	Your apology means the worlds to me .
va	NNS	Two more threats stood inside , similar to the first pair .
va	NN	There was a link between these two cases .
va	NNS	Heavy treads sounded from the stairwell just before the lobby door opened .
va	NNS	The paramedics placed their bags on the bed , opened them , and began checking my mom 's vitals .
va	NNS	" No options but death .
va	NN	The scotch and water sat on the wicker table between them , and she smiled at it .
va	NN	The black eye patch he wore gave him a dashing look .
va	NN	The already warm chopper lifted off the deck and swung out over the ocean .
va	NNS	Tears overflow her lashes and slide down her cheeks .
va	NNS	And when the rains cooperated and the crops were huge , the prices went down because the traders in Memphis had too much cotton .
va	NN	A series of satellite tracking images flashed up .
va	NNS	The senator 's guests will be arriving in precisely one hour . "
va	NN	But there was longing .
va	NN	The billionaire looked unimpressed .
va	NN	The witch responded with a guttural curse .
va	NN	" How does Moore 's Law relate to nanotechnology ? "
va	NN	There is a blue globe over our heads .
va	NN	How dare that asshole take away his gun and badge !
va	NNS	Rhys performed the same spell on her , his hands growing hot and choking her on the ground , the smell of burning flesh filling the corridor .
va	NN	What would a terminal access protocol do with freedom ? "
va	NNS	The lass had been a complete and utter surprise and he still had no idea what on earth to make of her .
va	NN	The gleaming orb above , was finally continuing its descent towards Sydney .
va	NN	The terrain is becoming more demanding as we travel farther across the island .
va	NN	The butler looked at both of them in bewilderment , licking his lips .
va	NNS	" Have as many damn kittens as you like .
va	NN	My gut explodes in a ball of heat just thinking of sharing one last kiss with Coop .
va	NNS	Wolf Eyes , Wounded Eagle and Red Talon strutted , showing off their collected scalps .
va	NNS	The tracking devices that Liz had spent hours perfecting last spring were all back at school .
va	NN	" Your suggestion about reading is a good one .
va	NNS	Deep breaths calmed Viktor , but then his stare shifted from House 12 to 13 .
va	NNS	The data is still pretty raw . "
va	NNS	" Those bastards would just as soon see us all put in cages .
va	NN	The president sat back , his mouth a thin line of disgust .
va	NNS	Her captors could 've stashed her somewhere dark , musty , and uncomfortable .
va	NNS	Janelle 's palms tingled with nerves .
va	NN	The warlock cocked his head , still smiling , but with a little surprise .
va	NN	Her suspicion had been correct .
va	NN	Maybe the real stalker was the one who 'd been sitting , all nice and safe , in that driver 's seat .
va	NNS	All around them the clones of Lucian began to laugh softly .
va	NNS	In Nichiren Buddhism , however ; the ' gods , ' or the universal forces exist to serve man in his aspiration for enlightenment .
va	NNS	There were no survivors .
va	NNS	Three wagons glittered and sparkled and chimed with a trio of crystal chandeliers , which the King presented to the Queen of Nubia .
va	NN	A calculated conquest because now , in addition to getting exactly what he wanted from you at the cabin , you 're going to help him . "
va	NNS	" What were the charges ? "
va	NNS	Men have been subject to me .
va	NN	The slam of the screen door was her only answer .
va	NNS	Men on scaffolding , pulled down blackened timbers and replacing them with freshly hewn logs .
va	NN	But the math doesn 't work out .
va	NNS	Other magicians are afraid to try this . "
va	NN	The impression had grown stronger when she 'd met Jalal .
va	NN	The delicate bird sang like its heart was broken on the wrought-iron fence behind me .
va	NN	There 's one possibility . "
va	NN	The speaker was an old man , clothed in simple grey robes .
va	NN	Just one gesture and I kill you all . "
va	NN	What 's bracket racing ? "
va	NN	The Queen looked uncomfortable , but she kept her back straight and unwavering .
va	NN	" The bride is somewhat reluctant .
va	NNS	Some stains are very unpleasant .
va	NN	But a curse like this needs a primary source .
va	NNS	His hardness passed the point of pain .
va	NN	There was a hammock in one corner , along with a perfectly white sofa and a four-poster bed .
va	NNS	Guys were guys in this world , my world , probably every world .
va	NN	His radio crackled , jerking him to attention .
va	NN	The shop assistant , who was human as far as she knew , smiled .
va	NNS	Notes toward a poem flashed behind his eyes , another of the many she brought to his mind , that he kept to himself .
va	NNS	Anna continued to grip the stone , her palms now clammy with sweat , her heart pounding .
va	NN	His h * ps met the backs of her legs then pressed firmer still as he pushed even harder .
va	NNS	These events damaged his reputation among the ancient writers , though more recent historians have revised this opinion .
va	NN	Donovan 's talent as a physician far exceeded the demands of the VA , and the money was never going to be acceptable .
va	NN	The curve of her arms outline the orb , a perfect sphere albeit a sliver .
va	NNS	The tourists come in , smiling and happy .
va	NNS	His fangs stretched and burned in his mouth .
va	NNS	The first two pages are things I already know .
va	NNS	Short , shallow breaths were all he could afford ; his cracked ribs stabbed at anything deeper .
va	NN	Although the sun was still fairly high , nightfall would inevitably come , and he didn 't want to get caught in the woods after dark .
va	NNS	There are four , pink , stargazer lilies on my right side .
va	NN	The flush racing across her cheeks and down her throat told him that she saw his hunger .
va	NNS	When we reached the source of the light , our mouths collectively fell open .
va	NNS	" My folks have that book in their library ... I mean when they had a library .
va	NNS	The new neighbors hadn 't escaped his notice either .
va	NNS	There weren 't even chores . "
va	NN	The aroma of nectar enriched the air , to the evident delight of fat , humming bees .
va	NNS	Ahead of them , snakes left a trail around herons in the saw grass .
va	NN	A couple of seconds later , a loud booming explosion erupted behind me .
va	NNS	Happiness held me in its palm .
va	NN	Mikhail 's finding Raven had given him a measure of relief in the form of hope .
va	NN	" Paul , I 'm sure the subject will react just the way the simulation shows he will .
va	NN	( This trap was from my own ingenious design and was purely something I 'd created and tested on my own .
va	NNS	His moods were erratic , and it was this that made him , if possible , even more dangerous .
va	NN	The temptation to touch his cheek , to run the tips of her fingers over the stubble , tiptoed through her mind .
va	NNS	Exercise riders typically don 't help in the barns , but I don 't mind .
va	NNS	" There are never new angels , Brother , and none who must " learn " how to become one .
va	NN	The gurgling and bubbling comes back .
va	NN	" The price of love , " Quin mused with a quirky little smile .
va	NNS	My beliefs are immaterial . "
va	NNS	Were I to nominate one , His Holiness will invest him with the others , as soon as he signs the treaty .
va	NN	Her fingertip traced his smile .
va	NNS	The sailors burst into activity , preparing the ship to sail .
va	NN	A burglar , " I said with little conviction .
va	NN	Anything you could desire . "
va	NNS	Where are the scouts ?
va	NNS	Two giants carrying a couple of cardboard boxes each stepped out into the night air , along with Dixon , who was speaking into his walkie-talkie .
va	NNS	" And these theories are what I 'll tell Eric .
va	NNS	Rhys looked more peaceful than he had since I met him .
va	NN	There 's just a bunch of huge holes where the pumpkin 's face should be .
va	NN	Her new foal was filling the mare 's whole awareness .
va	NNS	Long banquet tables crowded the floor ; the aristocracy of France and all its allies crowded the tables .
va	NN	The silent condemnation of the straight back woman standing at the window only served to intensify the atmosphere .
va	NNS	Future queens did not run .
va	NN	Your performance managing my assets this morning was exemplary .
va	NNS	Your Holiness , I have had a dream .
va	NNS	The beings turned and looked across the valley .
va	NN	He leaned over his handle bars and inched forward , mischief sparkling in his eyes .
va	NN	The heated contrast to the cold ice cream caused her stomach to ripple and her legs to quiver , as need built inside her .
va	NN	She loomed over like a mythical creature , hunting prey .
va	NN	Without a frame of reference to decode the language , the translation of her words will remain a mystery .
va	NN	The director sighed and leaned forward .
va	NN	Her brother-in-law had been a loving husband and father , and her heart ached for her sister even now .
va	NNS	Huge chunks of metal lay scattered haphazardly about the floor , and several of the windows had burst open , letting in foggy evening light .
va	NNS	The cops are going to take you in .
va	NN	Her string of nos faded to whispers , but she didn 't stop saying them until Zuzana spoke .
va	NNS	To say he was in a bad way was an understatement , there was over a dozen wounds on his body .
va	NNS	" The killers had to be there , at least one of them had to be there that day . "
va	NNS	I slam my bedroom door behind me , my fists balled in anger .
va	NN	There is every possibility she will be killed . "
va	NN	Unfortunately , the link between them did not include telepathy .
va	NN	A detective 's goin ' through their recent calls . "
va	NNS	The doctors wanted to get rid of the scar , too , but I refused .
va	NNS	No one had told me ballroom dancing lessons were a prerequisite for going to Hecate .
va	NNS	There was a rigid stillness to his body , a body that sat too straight .
va	NN	Anything digital or satellite-based probably died long ago , but the physical connections , cables running underground , those might endure a little longer .
va	NN	The facade of the building gave no indication of what Top truly was .
va	NN	The compliment was difficult for him to voice , which made it all the more charming .
va	NNS	A few broken chairs and a half rotting table were the only other contents of the room .
va	NN	Anybody who has been magically altered would trip a number of alarms .
va	NNS	The sidewalks were still busy even at this time of night .
va	NNS	The headlights were a marvel he could never have imagined , lighting the way and allowing him to keep going well into the night .
va	NN	The stink of their bodies burned his nose , but he drew deeply of the night air , seeking for some sign of a trail .
va	NNS	Ferris shook his head , and then he stiffened : the bushes behind the hunter had rustled .
va	NNS	Several deep breaths in and out as silent as he could make them helped his racing heart slow to a near normal pulse .
va	NN	The chute pitched violently to the side and he was jerked around in the opposite direction of the near-fatal spiral .
va	NN	" The Libertarian myth of open borders just didn 't work out .
va	NN	' Beta ' observed .
va	NN	The material parted as if he 'd sliced it with a knife .
va	NN	" Well , there 's an emergency vet clinic in Jacksonville . "
va	NNS	Her breaths were ragged and came in great gasps .
va	NN	The Eastern land border of the Wildlands meets the nation of Wallachia also .
va	NN	The butler turned to her .
va	NNS	A hiss filled the room .
va	NN	Perhaps the most distinct clue they found was the Barbados coat of arms stamp on the back , inner portion of the cover .
va	NN	Dane is pleased to see what appears to be , the entire herd of sheep being held in the lower pasture .
va	NNS	Toto 's claws dug into the earth between my spread legs , twisting around so fast it left my head spinning .
va	NN	His theme , reiterated doggedly , elicited some widespread apathy .
va	NNS	Even if I knew the patients might not be able to pay the deductible . "
va	NN	" What 's this nonsense about preemptive strikes ? "
va	NN	Her skirts swished around , hitting me where I sat beside him .
va	NNS	Men in black armor entered the room , moving swiftly , precisely .
va	NN	In her normal voice : " No wonder radio died .
va	NNS	Icarus gathered the feathers of mourning doves , which Daedalus fastened together with twine and wax .
va	NNS	The young woman 's violent coughs drowned the whisperings of fear at the mention of the mountain .
va	NNS	The instructions indicated that those sealed letters were to be delivered , and if the intended recipients were dead , Joseph was to burn them .
va	NN	" The journey will not be easy , though .
va	NNS	To this day , whenever Uncle Duke says stupid , his co-workers make him put a quarter in a jar .
va	NNS	Uniformed officers , suited detectives , even the janitors and administrative staff gathered around the three sides of the cell .
va	NN	Mike 's Adam 's apple bobbed .
va	NNS	The ancient peoples are at the centre .
va	NNS	Days had past , and we had become best friends .
va	NNS	A built-in shelving unit with drawers dominated the left side of the room , its shelves stuffed with books .
va	NN	The calendar is more important .
va	NNS	" Not one damned regret . "
va	NNS	He would wait all day if need be , the heroes would come to them .
va	NNS	Tears began to run down her face and she said , " Hell , yes . "
va	NNS	Keepers were always slowest then .
va	NN	The first punch I threw knocked the dummy back an inch , maybe two .
va	NN	Darkness showed movements but they disappeared as quickly as they came .
va	NN	The privy , I mean , not the toilet .
va	NN	A jaunty tune began to play .
va	NNS	Gods damn the wretched place , although obviously they had already done so - damned it and then forsaken it .
va	NNS	The rain pounds against my shoulders and head , dragging me toward the ground .
va	NNS	" Ok , we 'll get moving , the spheres should be dry now .
va	NNS	" There are some cracks along the cave 's ceiling , and they let air in .
va	NNS	Yes , her lashes were certainly long enough ! )
va	NNS	Tears threatened to fall down Olivia 's cheeks .
va	NN	" There 's his height , his weight - " " Both a blur to me .
va	NNS	The doctors started to remove the suit from over Nomi .
va	NN	" To see an old friend , " said the Scribe vaguely .
va	NNS	Some spouses might have fought for compensation .
va	NNS	The tourists had left the beach .
va	NN	Then another pop followed by scrambling footsteps and a cry of frustrated anguish .
va	NNS	The farmers had probably used her phone .
va	NNS	But their arguments never lasted long .
va	NN	For a brief moment , a surge of panic set Dan 's heart racing .
va	NN	On explaining that he was , himself , an engineer , Archie felt a sense of camaraderie .
va	NN	Pulled by indifferent horses , the dark carriage crept by the gallows .
va	NNS	On his dials the needles swung in all directions .
va	NNS	He was so proud , his shirt buttons were in danger of popping open .
va	NN	The professor knew what reaction would ensue .
va	NNS	Tears streaked the sides of his face .
va	NNS	There are hundreds of innocent people out there .
va	NN	An awareness of that sensation bathed her as much as the water .
va	NN	" Anything Tabitha ? "
va	NNS	" The customers are going to love you . "
va	NNS	Cate burst out laughing and pitched backward across Tanner 's bed , both fists raised in victory .
va	NN	Raven blinked back tears , forcing her trembling legs to begin walking , one slow step at a time .
va	NNS	The diamonds she was wearing right now .
va	NNS	The other officers had arrived and had started to disperse those who were there to just loiter in the area .
va	NNS	Light flickers against the wound and yellowish liquid begins to seep across the black and coppery scales .
va	NNS	Hades shook his head and reached for me again .
va	NNS	Sykes tumbles down the docking tube , out the opening and is seen falling into the depth of the cavern , spinning end over end .
va	NNS	As their bodies united , her fangs extended even longer .
va	NN	A bright blast of light flicked from her finger at her will ; she directed it upward towards the ceiling -- The forest was gone !
va	NN	So the court martial concentrated on his ' misappropriation of medical supplies ' instead .
va	NN	The Ferragamo wallet slipped into my back pocket and the matching keychain into the raincoat .
va	NNS	But the cops found drugs in my dorm room at Penn , and it was my second strike .
va	NNS	Even the two ships that were following the Star Traveler were missing from his sensors .
va	NNS	" Two officers , I saw them load Ethan in - " And all he could see was fire now .
va	NN	All humor vanished from Eddie 's face .
va	NNS	His arm stays wrapped securely around my waist .
va	NN	" We should stay behind enemy lines and continue to gather information , " said Henry his remaining team chief .
va	NN	The backdoor was standing wide open .
va	NN	A fabric doll came out next , tag snapped , toy placed to the side .
va	NNS	Tears are running down one side of her face , unchecked .
va	NN	The suggestion is hollow .
va	NNS	F-16 fighter jets and Blackhawk helicopters line both sides of the runway .
va	NNS	The pebbles landed several feet in front of Nadine , a wall of stone burst up , which impeded the men 's approach .
va	NN	Journey 's End As the days went on and she neared the end of her trek , she felt a strange conflict inside .
va	NN	The gesture takes me by complete surprise .
va	NNS	And the dogs loved to exercise .
va	NNS	Back in the mess room phones were still ringing , if not quite as frequently as before .
va	NNS	Seconds drag into minutes and I jump at every noise .
va	NNS	Members of the coven are free to prey upon the exiled and condemned , and use their blood to strengthen themselves . ' "
va	NN	Every head swiveled toward the commanding figure on the platform , every auditory sensor rang with his voice of authority .
va	NN	The gang of German bikers had finished eating and after visiting the toilets made their way back out to their waiting bikes .
va	NNS	Zeus set his hand on my shoulder , the way Hades had the evening we 'd won the war .
va	NNS	Three fuel tanks flared together from the fire at the center of the bay and Crista felt the concussions puff her lungs .
va	NNS	Had the festivities drawn them ?
va	NNS	The painters left the pool room , looking way past confused .
va	NNS	A few light rains had fallen in the prior days .
va	NN	The queen made a derisive noise .
va	NN	The cloud drifted up past the porthole , obscuring his vision .
va	NNS	As you 're all aware , their numbers have dwindled significantly .
va	NN	Fear once again held her bolted in place .
va	NNS	The meals he had enjoyed there seemed like fantasies .
va	NN	The bile of that betrayal threatened to rise up Gabriel 's throat , along with crazy sorrow over losing his friend .
va	NN	The cooler revealed an assortment of pop and beer .
va	NN	Even though most of it was in scientific terminology , the essence of the thing was horrifyingly clear .
va	NNS	The claws , because the client wanted them for combat gloves , needed to have both absorbing and emitting elements .
va	NNS	" Twenty buttons will put me here . "
va	NN	After a few tries Dane was able to get through .
va	NN	A lesson is a lesson . "
va	NNS	" No , no , those peas can wait . "
va	NNS	Phillips 's instructions still rang in their minds : the moment you enter the forest , keep moving .
va	NNS	Stray dogs wandered through the rubble , threatened by the leopard .
va	NNS	The prisoners seethed with hatred , yet none of them fought back .
va	NN	The damaged foil moaned and chattered about them like mechanical teeth , but the fist of the kelp was gone .
va	NNS	There were guests at Albany continually when my father was alive and I often sought refuge in the cabins . "
va	NN	His erection pulsed thick and rigid .
va	NN	Rick 's anxiety turned to amusement .
va	NN	The belly chain is in his hand and he tries to push it back into mine .
va	NN	Raven is about to respond when suddenly a body rockets into her , nearly pushing her over .
va	NN	As a matter of fact there was a great autumn feast in the woods that night , and in the halls above .
va	NN	Debbie was not in , her counterpart informed her that Rachel was sick .
va	NN	There were also a series of folding chairs spread along its walls .
va	NNS	Leaves , flowers , vines swayed in the breeze with the dance .
va	NNS	Bullets zipped over his head and through the plate glass window in the storefront behind him .
va	NNS	Some emergencies , they can wait a day or two for the right judge . "
va	NNS	There were many injuries , and much dirt , but we have mended and cleaned . "
va	NN	The radio mans words , not Billy 's .
va	NNS	There were only two permanent employees .
va	NNS	" Takes balls to face a girl 's brothers and family and say you want to live with her . "
va	NNS	Behind her were several police officers , too stunned to move .
va	NNS	The abbess nods her head , causing the shells to rattle .
va	NNS	Ty 's needy noises came nonstop .
va	NN	The fence jiggled slightly .
va	NNS	The only additional points he knew involved Madeline Carlisle , who had asked Chase to look out for Sloane .
va	NN	The little alien was twenty feet away waddling quicker than physics would claim possible .
va	NN	" No , " the Queen said .
va	NNS	Happiness blossomed in her .
va	NN	That apparition wasn 't going away .
va	NNS	" One thousand dollars , " he said bluntly .
va	NN	The irony faded from his face and was replaced by a look of the most earnest distrust .
va	NN	A distraction , he had said ; something written and conveniently left behind to be found should someone go searching .
va	NNS	Her lashes had lowered .
va	NNS	Something Wonderful had happened .
va	NNS	Nikolas would be a casualty of his mother 's social climbing .
va	NN	A shudder of desire started a wave of tremors .
va	NNS	' ' Where are the walkers ? "
va	NN	Their untraceable origin stirred odd questions in the minds of countless of the people .
va	NNS	A lot rides on it , " she faltered .
va	NN	His last known address was his wife 's current residence which I provided to them .
va	NN	" The bride and groom over there , " she pointed .
va	NN	Her grief fueled her fury .
va	NNS	Our pilots fly on four hours or less notice to wherever we tell them to go . "
va	NN	Darkness or smoke or something must have hidden them , but once it was gone ... so were they . "
va	NNS	" There are numerous theories . "
va	NN	" Anything else you need , just let me know .
va	NN	Finally the congregation sat down as the vicar made his way to the pulpit to begin his sermon .
va	NN	Her good humor faded slightly .
va	NN	The chicken they served was probably for Christmas !
va	NN	" She is not holy , " said the shorter .
va	NN	The apologetic tilt of the mouth didn 't make up for it .
va	NN	The underground passage was a safer way to get back and forth when he had to go .
va	NNS	Her abbess had subtly made her understand that the abbey would be pleased to discover the secrets of that cloth .
va	NN	That comment sent all kinds of interesting ideas floating about her head .
va	NN	There was Mama and Papa and my brother Louis .
va	NN	The material was soft , dark greens , like her forest , with animals embroidered into squares beside the symbols .
va	NN	One punch was all it took .
va	NN	Your hot-shot , fast-talking lawyer got that conviction overturned . "
va	NN	The sunrise was beautiful , but I was starting to wonder if things like this were a bad omen .
va	NN	Any resemblance to actual events or locales or persons , living or dead , is entirely coincidental .
va	NN	The warm feeling Declan left on her turned cold .
va	NN	The possibility for retaliation would far outweigh the benefit . "
va	NN	The huge evergreen bushes that lined the property were still deep green , and the holly around the foundation needed trimming .
va	NNS	" Some pretty major bruises , got a few stitches , other than that I got off pretty easy .
va	NNS	Red roses filled her flowerbeds along with many other types of flowers that I had never seen before .
va	NN	Before Sam could reply to that , the lawyer he 'd hired came in .
va	NNS	A few birds crept closer in search of food .
va	NNS	Bored , drunk fishermen raised island dogs to tear each other 's faces off .
va	NNS	Dozens of eyes shot straight to the woman at those words , a deathly silence falling over the room .
va	NNS	May the gods be with you . "
va	NNS	All kinds of questions swung near me .
va	NN	The blast shattered the silence of the night .
va	NNS	A soft sadness crossed her face as she knelt beside me .
va	NNS	Bread crumbs that can help lead us to what 's really happening . "
va	NNS	The hunters felt the strain .
va	NNS	My palms were wet with nervous sweat .
va	NNS	Byron puts his hands up , palms forward -- or as forward as his bound wrists will allow .
va	NN	And Fell 's Church itself is at the crossing of so many ley lines , it isn 't funny .
va	NNS	Her knights had done a good job of finding all his concealed arms and picks , tucked away in a dozen secret pockets on his person .
va	NN	But our closest available operatives won 't get here until tomorrow afternoon . "
va	NN	There was no belt , but he didn 't seem to need one .
va	NNS	The alphas were children .
va	NNS	Forces on the ground could not contact the swiftly approaching helicopter .
va	NN	Fear and terror don 't belong in her .
va	NN	His shell was an extension of His living flesh .
va	NN	Then there 's another blast .
va	NNS	Even the refugees avoided this dark area .
va	NN	His thinker went on another dramatic flight .
va	NNS	There was something sinister about my stepbrother I noticed since we had become siblings .
va	NN	The tattoo had warned him ; the signs had told him he was the real leader .
va	NNS	Atticus was slaving away at the stove in an apron .
va	NN	The landscape reminded me of the United States Midwest .
va	NNS	Eyes you could gaze into , eyes that invited long simmering looks as they saw inside you .
va	NNS	Other cries drew my attention to the rest of the room .
va	NN	The garden where the memory of Alastor had been so real for me was now brown and barren .
va	NN	Talk to me , " I say .
va	NN	The rumble of the ocean mixed with the sound of the waves pounding against the shore .
va	NN	Make your female roommate do the laundry . "
va	NN	" That outfit is a little tight .
va	NN	A long strand of fire flicked out from the pit and snapped in the air like a whip .
va	NN	" Your scalp would look good on a Huron 's belt . "
va	NN	A fresh gust of wind battered his back , but he barely felt it .
va	NN	The steady drizzle wouldn 't help , making the cable slick , so she decided to do a combination of both .
va	NNS	Her giggles grate on my nerves because they 're so fake .
va	NNS	The white shapes had spun around the table and matched up with others , leaving three numbers clearly visible .
va	NN	A penthouse would be nice , safe .
va	NNS	For a Senate elected by tax-paying voters only , the Christians demanded that abortion be made illegal .
va	NNS	There are elegant round tables set , with flowing linens and extravagant centerpieces on top of them .
va	NNS	All the scratches inflicted by the mech bugs had disappeared , except for a small nick by the outer corner of an almond eye .
va	NNS	My heart pounds and I think I 'm going to pass out .
va	NNS	Cronus straightened and dropped his hands .
va	NN	His Adam 's apple rose and dipped .
va	NNS	Seeing them together , the maids smiled at them mischievously .
va	NNS	The elephants are dancing .
va	NN	There was too much fabric and Hannah lost hold .
va	NNS	His scouts catch glimpses of forces large enough to overrun him .
va	NNS	Tears filled my eyes and I coughed .
va	NNS	Happiness bubbles up inside me and I somehow manage to keep the smile from my face .
va	NN	The delay is getting too long for me .
va	NN	That bird had done its job , but we needed to eliminate the demons behind her .
va	NN	Dane had twisted his foot inward , stretching his ligaments .
va	NN	Of course the original broker would have to release his license and conduct the daunting exit interview .
va	NN	The squeal was out of her mouth before she could stop it .
va	NN	My freedom had a countdown clock attached to it , but so did my relationship with my sister .
va	NN	The resemblance between the two was uncanny .
va	NNS	Whenever Aria or Roar looked over , their gazes scanned , never settling on him or Cinder .
va	NN	Because no matter what had happened in the past , in this harrowing present , everybody needed everybody .
va	NNS	The crickets are everywhere now , creeping through the darkness .
va	NN	The telephone rang then , saving her from having to answer .
va	NNS	One 's own history gathers in one hemisphere , have mankind 's future is already present in the other .
va	NN	The dark fruit offered a natural cure for diarrhea .
va	NN	The simple query was enough to deflate Gabriel without another word .
va	NNS	Chapter Two Hours passed with no sound from Chuck .
va	NNS	There were many houses on this road .
va	NN	The horde of undead surrounding it seethed like a stormy ocean .
va	NN	" And man , those sheep are dirty . "
va	NN	My nicotine craving kicked up , and I decided to drop the odd situation in return for a smoke break .
va	NNS	He closed his eyes again and rested his forehead against mine , our noses pressed against each other .
va	NNS	Guests , even family guests , always alter domestic dynamics .
va	NNS	Her lashes fluttered over her blue eyes and he lost a part of himself to her .
va	NN	Her black boots hung down from her crossed legs , the skirt was knee length with black stockings .
va	NNS	" Two buckets of night soil need emptying . "
va	NN	Governor Semple 's attitude towards them was one of a parent thinking he could restrain an unruly child .
va	NNS	wandering folk , the summons heed !
va	NNS	Those killers act out and move on and generally don 't do a good job of cleaning up , if they even try . "
va	NN	Her words gut punched him .
va	NNS	The phones are out , too .
va	NNS	Our noses sat next to each other , and my lips felt the heat of his .
va	NN	Unfortunately , buried in all the legalese , is that upon the sale of the company , our family stock reverts to several trusts .
va	NNS	The masters of the fashion world will fall over each other for the chance to have your unique beauty grace theirs . "
va	NNS	Scores of them blackened the earth , making the surface of the soil itself seem to be moving toward her .
va	NN	The morning 's feast didn 't leave him as incapacitated as the previous evening meal .
va	NN	And what 's their aim ?
va	NN	" And good harvest weather for a change . "
va	NNS	There were so many android slaves serving humanity that it created a paranoia equivalent to what the Romans must have felt after the rise of Spartacus .
va	NN	" Your intuition doesn 't seem to be working very well tonight , little Saint . "
va	NN	" Somebody likes to cook . "
va	NNS	The new inmates stood to one side as these colourless men passed by them without even a glance .
va	NN	The intensity of the fire that leaped up between them threatened to engulf him and this time , he welcomed it .
va	NNS	" The ribbons are getting closer to us ! "
va	NN	One envelope had a monogrammed " M " on it .
va	NN	" Have a drink , " Chuck said while tossing his son a soda .
va	NN	Her religion , apparently , meant nothing .
va	NNS	Days go by and they talk of nothing else .
va	NN	But other than that ... The foyer was cool and silent .
va	NNS	As I spoke , the small hairs on the back of his neck stood up and his aura shifted toward me .
va	NN	The moonlight shined down in luminous rays upon the flowers , giving them an otherworldly glow .
va	NNS	The next two pages showcased the most careful depictions he had been able to manage of the symbols on the sundial face .
va	NN	The historical significance is probably the main reason I like this store so much .
va	NN	" Mama and papa said ... " He came to a sudden halt .
va	NN	The United States vampire community had let the Japanese vampire clans come forth first .
va	NN	And no sooner had that thought gone through his head than he felt his pendulum heat up to a burning level .
va	NN	What if the mounts fail ?
va	NNS	No terms borrowed from Greek or other literatures exactly fit : there is no reason why they should .
va	NNS	Eris watched the traveling object 's meandering path until it was directly above them .
va	NN	Doc 's apprentice , Kit , meets me in the garden .
va	NN	Samuel had decreed that whichever of the boys made a million dollars first , the estate would go to him in its entirety .
va	NNS	The blackjack and poker tables were quiet .
va	NNS	The cops had pushed his head down just like that when they put him handcuffed into the back of the squad car .
va	NN	The bond between Martin and I snapped tight and I felt him thrumming inside my brain .
va	NN	How 's her rash ? "
va	NN	Only an ornamental patch of dewy green grass with bright , spongy moss framed one side of the stout concrete driveway .
va	NNS	His motions were slow but sure .
va	NNS	" The managers won 't think so . "
va	NN	If I had to have a roommate , another supernatural was ideal .
va	NNS	" Men in Black , " Delilah snickered .
va	NNS	The vague shapes surrounded him .
va	NN	Not a detail escaped him .
va	NNS	Tears found their way into the corners of her mouth , leaving a wet , salty taste on her tongue .
va	NN	What it is the program anyway ?
va	NNS	Creatures of all kinds had been free , and dragons had been the companions of humans .
va	NN	Beside her , Raven lay like death .
va	NNS	asks a softly accented Southern voice , and Clay wanders out of the living room , sleeves rolled up , tie loose around his neck .
va	NNS	Finally , a few songs into Roy 's set , the music slowed and Savannah was asked to dance by Grant .
va	NNS	A small octopus stopped its plundering of a crevice and seemed to study him momentarily before shooting away in a cloud of sand .
va	NNS	Where the hell were the other agents ?
va	NNS	Shipping companies alone would pay millions of credits for better longevity in their jumpers .
va	NNS	The curtains were closed , except for a thin sliver that allowed a meager patch of light in .
va	NNS	Through it all , the dogs pressed close on either side .
va	NN	My gut burned with this truth .
va	NN	The last decent president was Kennedy . "
va	NNS	Those monsters who made the hidden places their homes , would wait until all life was gone before they came out to feast .
va	NN	" In our culture , there is little separation from top to bottom .
va	NN	Into some hideous halflings ? "
va	NNS	Even the farms have amalgamated .
va	NN	That incident at the beach in which Beans went missing still haunted him , though me and Amanda had pretty much forgotten about it .
va	NN	The professor rolled his eyes .
va	NNS	After this amount of time , the thugs would have been working on retrieving the prize .
va	NN	Obviously , her earlier comment had gone right over his head .
va	NNS	The rebels couldn 't believe the royalists had turned around and used their own plan against them .
va	NNS	The opposite lanes were appealing , but decidedly unpopular to the many drivers on the road .
va	NNS	All the furnishings were mahogany , too , as was the massive four-poster bed he claimed as his own .
va	NNS	The flashbacks had receded for a while , leaving their fingerprints all over her brain , faded photographs of memories .
va	NNS	The sights of Athens were too wonderful to ignore .
va	NN	If they wanted something from their prisoner , violence would be the method of persuasion .
va	NNS	Forty yards of open space stretched between his position and the cabin .
va	NN	Good day , your grace , it seems we have two weeks to become acquainted .
va	NN	Around them , sparks spat and struts swayed and battered .
va	NNS	How many bandits were there ?
va	NN	The strain of always walking on hard surfaces did take their toll , and soaking in cool water felt good every time .
va	NNS	HIV positive patients had enough drugs prescribed to them to run a small pharmacy .
va	NNS	And the laws part .
va	NNS	Tears run down her cheeks .
va	NN	" How 's cleanup coming outside the common area ? "
va	NN	The rushing ascent caught him by surprise .
va	NN	Normally , such handling of my sister would 've incensed me .
va	NNS	Atticus laid across the rooftop , embarrassed from my yell -- - he hated it when I did things like that .
va	NN	His opponent smiled , pointing to the corner pocket , " Seven , corner pocket . "
va	NNS	Bones couldn 't use the arm to fight , and Louis and Delphine were pressing their advantage .
va	NN	Our fearless director went on .
va	NN	The invitation had sounded offhand , spur of the moment .
va	NNS	Her pulse increased , her breaths came short and quick as she gripped the counter harder .
va	NNS	A maniacal laughter echoes across Hyrule Field as the ninja slowly absorbs the fire into himself , a blinding orange glow emanating from beneath his hood .
va	NN	A hot ache spread through me , and I clenched my own legs together in anticipation and excitement .
va	NNS	The roots seemed much too extensive for such a small tree and she had to hack away with the edge of the shovel .
va	NN	Because of his size , some dragon 's flame wasn 't even going to knock him off the building , much less harm him .
va	NN	" The council know we are coming . "
va	NN	The team 's policy was always to feed the hot man , so junior point guard , Jake Flowers , did just that .
va	NN	His large adams apple , protruding out of his neck , made him even more desirable .
va	NNS	Several beings sat around the table , all looking vastly different .
va	NNS	Small child Angels threw flowers and presents to each of the children .
va	NN	" Must be contagious , " Pappy mumbled , then spat into the grass .
va	NN	The stubble tracing his jawline had grown in over the day , shadowing his face like immortality 's version of a Calvin Klein model .
va	NNS	There were silver blinds over the window to keep the light out .
va	NN	The mountainous valley burst into flame .
va	NN	George nodded again , his chicken nugget following him .
va	NNS	Bullets zoom past us , and the few people who are in the restaurant are screaming .
va	NNS	Where are your manners ? "
va	NNS	There were two chairs and a small dining table , along with a screen in the corner and a chamber pot .
va	NNS	Actually , those goods went for the highest prices as it had been so long since any had been seen there .
va	NN	The mix of screams , music , and loud conversation made it very noisy .
va	NNS	The embers beneath the flames glowed and she felt overwhelmed by the black depression that seemed to be her constant companion .
va	NNS	The roughness of his whiskers and the soft warmth of his lips speared right through her central nervous system .
va	NN	Maybe his owner was on his boat and unaware .
va	NN	There was a tightening in his stomach as though he was lifting a heavy sports bag .
va	NNS	Curios stares at the ship .
va	NNS	Jyoti didi told them as they were going to take my whole responsibility .
va	NN	" With the war supposedly winding down , the military won 't miss them .
va	NN	That smirk curves his lips again , slowly and sexily .
va	NN	Their watcher had been close , all right .
va	NNS	Gold cuff links flashed when he took the menu from William , who gave me a slight smile and a nod of greeting .
va	NN	This statement from him , now once more becoming an ' it ' , brought forth a hundred questions at once .
va	NNS	Grass gave way to a dirt patch and a bank rolled to a creek .
va	NN	What the fuck was going on ?
va	NNS	" When you live and work so close with another , secrets are hard to keep . "
va	NN	The loud swarm of conversation noise died down suddenly , leaving the room quiet enough for her to hear Hank 's next words .
va	NNS	A sharp , poignant sadness swept through her , helping to dispel the seductive madness that this vampire could infect with such terrifying ease .
va	NN	The humiliation was great , but not as bad as what I 'd just experienced with Marshall Kent .
va	NNS	Your secrets endanger all of us and the safety of my guests is my first priority .
va	NN	After several moments , the chain turned bright red , and steam began to emanate from the metal .
va	NN	" There is a rot , a blackness that flows through existence , moving , changing , eating , decaying . "
va	NNS	Tears burned my eyes , matching the stinging that pricked my bottom .
va	NN	Your harassment of Jill ends now .
va	NNS	My breasts were swollen , nipples hardened and aching like his fingers were pinching them tight .
va	NN	His temper fizzled and a giddy joy filled him as he acknowledged that truth .
va	NNS	Thin shapes dashed through the trees .
va	NN	To the left of the door was a keypad , exactly where Errol had described .
va	NNS	" There are several houses on the estate .
va	NNS	The other operatives were all standing at the edge of the stream now , looking bewildered .
va	NN	That symbol may mean something to her .
va	NNS	' My sentiments exactly . '
va	NN	Are you , um , are you a witch like Sophie ? "
va	NNS	All kinds of pink -- shocking pink , pastel pink , candy pink , and so on .
va	NNS	Bodies lay bloating in the sun .
va	NN	Shockingly , his persistence actually just made me smile .
va	NNS	But there are other dangers as well .
va	NN	To his right walks an armored robot , eight feet tall and gleaming black .
va	NN	Well , youthful appearance was stretching it , considering the decomposition taking place .
va	NN	The locker had grown hotter , almost suffocating , despite the vents in its door .
va	NNS	And there are benefits , whether you want to admit them or not . "
va	NN	The Flame in me passing by that fanned the furnace of his black metal heart into life again ?
va	NNS	The Greek gods were exactly as the Greeks were .
va	NNS	Tears are beginning to roll down her cheeks and she 's frantic , looking back and forth between us .
va	NNS	Cronus walked slowly toward Donovan .
va	NNS	Yet as he flew , the wounds he 'd sustained caused more spots to float before his eyes .
va	NNS	" The One Beneath can never , ever enter our world .
va	NNS	And the marks on my back will heal . "
va	NN	The trash chute is about three feet wide and four feet high .
va	NNS	The interim delta shifts are the only relative unknowns but they can be closely estimated .
va	NN	The aroma of a hot dog cart wafted my way .
va	NNS	Gods did she want him !
va	NN	In what capacity was your father working with this professor from Mumbai ? "
va	NNS	There were riots in the settlement today , big riots , and there will be more .
va	NNS	Sudden moves would not be a smart thing to do at this point .
va	NNS	" Hey , those dolls are adorable . "
va	NN	The scale of her retribution had yet to be determined .
va	NNS	His chest wounds burned , pulsed , and the hair stayed thick there , full of blood .
va	NN	The director thinks that he can just put me in a drawer and pull me out when I 'm useful .
va	NNS	Entangled in the fabric of Root , my souls was already on its way back .
va	NN	Her cloak fell back to display plate armour ; she wielded a longsword adeptly .
va	NN	He catches the movement and his face falls , hands loosening and his whole posture slumping with defeat .
va	NNS	" You know , " the old woman said , " folks around here say that I 've never missed with one of my predictions . "
va	NNS	My guts jiggled as my insides laughed .
va	NN	The motor in my truck just blew . "
va	NN	An original painting by Mary Cassatt , a native of Pittsburgh , hung on one wall and competed with the view .
va	NN	The bird said , " He has bad breath .
va	NNS	The customers went ballistic .
va	NN	But with these videos , the investigation starts for real .
va	NNS	" Maybe the photographs I have already will be enough . "
va	NNS	" What are my choices ? "
va	NN	The waitress swung by , a middle-aged woman with bobbed blonde hair .
va	NNS	By the time they were a few feet from the road , the jars were empty .
va	NNS	Most single Mothers would kill for this type of arrangement . "
va	NN	A bruised and dust covered face appeared in the gap .
va	NNS	Not that the gods didn 't have enough of them already .
va	NNS	The walls were steep and rocky , the tops covered in springy green moss that looked like hair .
va	NNS	But folks in the vicinity of the old house put their money on a mountain lion they , d been tracking for the last year .
va	NN	" Somebody shot Jeff Davis ? "
va	NNS	" With me babe , the surprises never end . "
va	NNS	Her forehead wrinkles and jaw tenses as she focuses her current frustrations into her fingertips .
va	NN	A crackle of heat raced to where the butt of the gun hit my face and a warm drop of blood trickled to my jaw .
va	NN	Fear and awe drenched the name .
va	NNS	The shelves were almost full .
va	NNS	Dozens of dangerous situations dance across my mind , and I temporarily forget my own issues .
va	NNS	Seconds passed and he thought he felt something , but he wasn 't sure .
va	NNS	Maximus dropped his hand , a mixture of frustration and empathy skipping over his features .
va	NN	A loud blast rang from close by and smoke roiled above them across the rooftops .
va	NN	The queen has spoken . "
va	NNS	The thugs came forward apprehend them .
va	NNS	Dee 's giggles disappeared , however , when they started to play .
va	NNS	The eleven men divided into four groups , each anointing themselves with a code name .
va	NN	Every muscle in Rand 's body clenched .
va	NN	" My granddad doesn 't want me to play a gig in the District . "
va	NN	" I 'll push , " the gunslinger said .
va	NNS	There was now more gravel , dirt and broken asphalt chunks than there was actual street .
va	NNS	Where are my manners ? "
va	NNS	The connections are slim at best and don 't appear to point to a cohesive group .
va	NN	The garden was in full bloom ; irises and roses were two of Susannah 's favorites and they were in abundant display along the white picket fence .
va	NNS	However , some stains remained .
va	NN	The clinic faced west , and the daylight 's end shined around him .
va	NN	The meadow was like a thinking spot .
va	NN	The gateway never opened during the day , and it only became active between the summer solstice and fall equinox .
va	NN	Where was der harm in dat ?
va	NNS	Legs draped over shoulders , pert asses raised in the air at just the right angle , cleavage , and a fine sheen of sweat .
va	NNS	" The cops have no leads except Molly and Lilly 's quick glimpse of a dark car with out-of-state plates . "
va	NN	Venus ( terrestrial name ) This planet has scientific teams on its surface .
va	NN	The last shell didn 't explode on impact . "
va	NNS	Hours pass in a ghost phase , Between sleep and waking .
va	NN	Obviously the detonation of spawn inside the launcher bay would have a devastating effect on Warrior .
va	NN	The bat was where he 'd seen it .
va	NN	The aim for us is to blend into the background . "
va	NNS	" All sorts of thing , " Jonas said slowly .
va	NN	Then the old fence post bounced off Jonas 's shoulder and fell to the muddy ground .
va	NN	The chief was looking at his computer screen .
va	NN	A large fluffy cloud with a man wearing a black cloak sporting a wand on his waist .
va	NN	Would raising a handicapped child in their twilight years serve to assuage the guilt her parents felt about their older daughter ?
va	NNS	And on these days , the tides tended to be higher and harder , and the surfers had more waves to work with .
va	NNS	Men aren 't sappy like that . "
va	NN	And then that blast hit my shield .
va	NN	No sooner had they settled in than the curtain went up .
va	NN	Where the hell is that bartender ? "
va	NNS	Tears streamed down his cheeks as he pointed a shaky finger to a nearby table .
va	NNS	Inside the man , his heart was shutting down , chambers clogging as his blood thickened .
va	NNS	These tapes cover preteen and teen years .
va	NNS	In most places , layers of steel , hard wood , or even city streets were more than enough to make the ceiling areas mostly impenetrable .
va	NNS	Men turned and stared .
va	NNS	The events of the last two days , while more restful than any she 'd had in over a month were hardly stress free .
va	NNS	Rumored assassination plots to prevent Mister Lincoln from arriving in Washington were all over the front page for weeks after his election .
va	NNS	The shapes were oddly distorted to her eyes , unfamiliar and strange .
va	NN	" What 's the probability of her waking up ? "
va	NN	They could keep up a cracking pace and change horses at every staging inn , couldn " t they ?
va	NN	" Well , a masquerade isn 't necessarily a costume party .
va	NNS	In that case Earth 's gods could not guide her if they would .
va	NNS	These storms can shift direction or increase in power at any time . "
va	NNS	The forces that had been set in motion last night while he had slept in the grotto would one day pull him back here to this place .
va	NNS	Tears dropped out of the corners of Hassler 's eyes , carving clean trails through the grime embedded in his face .
va	NNS	The prisoners cringed within his cell .
va	NN	His statement was so random I didn 't exactly know how to reply .
va	NN	Although the population had dwindled steadily , following a Category D notice being served by county planners , the community somehow clung together .
va	NNS	These phones have special attributes .
va	NN	The city 's domestic appearance was because , while people are influenced by gods , so gods are influenced by people .
va	NNS	His breaths were coming faster , yet she couldn 't seem to look away .
va	NN	Her GPS wouldn 't help her with that dilemma either .
va	NNS	The survivors have pitched tents and set up chemical heaters .
va	NNS	Socks moved to snuggle in beside her .
va	NNS	Both our wives don 't know the actual curse . "
va	NNS	Men slathered the edges of the lid with a slurry of ash and lime to bind stone to stone .
va	NN	The possibility that the monster might come their way had convinced people to leave their homes behind and head for the hills .
va	NNS	Tears pour down her face ; I reach up and wipe them away with my thumbs .
va	NNS	Still , there are tire tracks , and the rocky landscape is intriguing .
va	NN	" Or string , for that matter . "
va	NN	And god , sex with Shane was mind-bending , earth-shaking .
va	NN	A wheelchair is in the middle of my room .
va	NN	Anything you ever want from me is yours just for the asking .
va	NN	But , the image generator showed the face of Prince Pox , just , like Trig , again .
va	NNS	Worry courses through her and I can almost feel it inside me .
va	NNS	The lashes and the shock of what I 'd just witnessed made me dizzy .
va	NNS	Tears stung at my eyes , and I had to remind myself to breath .
va	NNS	Iron tables and chairs littered the outside of the bars with ratty looking overhangs to keep the sun off .
va	NN	Other furniture included an ornate desk , two fancy sofas , a pair of stately armchairs , and a wooden table with matching benches .
va	NN	As his seat touched the ground a rumble suddenly shook the whole area .
va	NN	" The irony is that we gave your people the knowledge to build the very weapons that were going to destroy us .
va	NN	" But you signed , " repeated the detective .
va	NN	Her reluctance bothered her because it was so deep , almost elemental .
va	NN	Dust flew and slowly descended as dirty clouds .
va	NNS	Rhys came up the slope of the rock , dripping like wet ivory .
va	NN	The dryness in her mouth grew unbearable , so she risked a gulp from her water pouch .
va	NNS	Cronus lifted his head from the table .
va	NN	But the most popular rumor was just that I was crazy .
va	NN	As the blue hues increased in the color cycle , the heat lessened and the sound diminished .
va	NN	After some more praise and prayers , the congregation left the circle .
va	NN	A bug crawls from the side of his lips .
va	NN	What if the ultimate prank was happening right now ?
va	NN	What seismic activity is showing up ? "
va	NNS	" There were tire tracks to and from the scene .
va	NN	he asked her , eagerness clear in his voice .
va	NNS	My fists clenched tighter by my sides .
va	NNS	Hades bounded to the backyard toward the wooded area like a loose arrow , not heeding his master 's calls .
va	NNS	Even if it wasn 't in the right way , his intentions were in the right place . "
va	NNS	" Keepers cannot bear children .
va	NN	the bouncer asked skeptically .
va	NNS	But the terms he set tell me he gave some thought to this request .
va	NNS	Tears are pooling in her eyes .
va	NN	Did your little queen think that one up ? "
va	NN	Her inner anguish spilled out , needing to hear the truth from him .
va	NNS	The conversations were most engaging when she argued .
va	NN	Amanda 's monologue was one helluva lot more than she had shared when I first met her .
va	NN	There was a second ambulance waiting for Maxim .
va	NN	So far only the thunder , rumbling through the clouds in the night sky , had made an appearance .
va	NN	Anything I have I have because of Lorelei , because of me .
va	NNS	Men for hire come and go so it should be easy for you to get inside . '
va	NN	" Not a clue , man , I didn 't ever explore very much , that was more Avery 's game . "
va	NN	Anything except the thing they were getting ready for .
va	NNS	The doctors stitched you up a bit . "
va	NNS	Men in armor , mercenaries she thought , dismounted from the litters and engaged the remaining taken .
va	NNS	Two scouts stood inside the door on either side .
va	NN	By the time Gene had her feet planted on the downstream side , her branch had already floated past the edge of the bridge .
va	NN	The snowball hit him smack on the back of the head .
va	NNS	The rains pouring forth from the clouds seemed only to add fuel to the flames .
va	NN	Fear flickered in the other man 's eyes .
va	NN	An old tacky print of a yellow vase with a dozen roses graced the far wall near the bathroom door .
va	NNS	Tears are streaming down my face .
va	NNS	Three ships were in the process of unloading , and we passed another being shepherded along with the help of two tugs .
va	NNS	Beneath the layers of dirt a slow , deadly hiss seeped through the dark , rich soil to permeate the air above it .
va	NNS	Tears fell , hot , to her face , and she held on to the woman at her side , having no comfort to give .
va	NN	Meanwhile there was the account to read , coming up on the screen .
va	NN	Even now , his black Escalade barely touching the curb , with most of the rear end blocking my driveway .
va	NN	Like the free rent I 'm getting at Tori 's , no car payment makes this current dream job of mine possible .
va	NNS	Several news vans followed them out of the parking lot as they drove the short distance to the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center .
va	NNS	Blood souls never want to cause commotion in human world . "
va	NNS	The wires will run smoother there . "
va	NN	" What 's the password for this thing ? "
va	NN	This meadow with the waist-high grass and its stands of yew could be anywhere .
va	NNS	Something savage in Bones made him want to prolong this .
va	NN	Talk to them , watch them shine .
va	NNS	" Where are the babies ? "
va	NN	" Our task is not wrought in order to receive thanks . "
va	NNS	The significant events covered in this book outline these characters and set them on their paths that will change their lives forever !
va	NN	The whimper that escaped barely sounded like her own .
va	NNS	Yet , even with that ability , the old remarks about my height still stung .
va	NNS	" My folks have been in a nasty mood all week , arguing and shouting .
va	NN	The sparks between them were almost visible .
va	NNS	Genuine sadness behind her mother 's eyes forced Sebastian 's anger to soften , but only slightly .
va	NNS	The wagons rolled from the meadow onto the road and quickly settled into their traveling routine .
va	NN	" If you do not bring me the sword , " the Fae said , " the Shifter you 've claimed as your lover could die . "
va	NNS	About one hundred meters away is the petrol station and the small restaurant my friends are in .
va	NN	There was a small patch of sun on a large , dry rock big enough for the two of them to sit next to each other .
va	NNS	Those snakes wanted to be there .
va	NN	" Saga considers himself a historian , of sorts .
va	NN	Debbie 's femininity sprang toward the surface .
va	NNS	He ushered her through the lobby , which doubled as a dining area , tables packed with fisherman tugging off black stocking hats .
va	NN	The insight , encouragement , and expertise of these four exceptional authors inspired me to keep writing even through the most discouraging of days .
va	NNS	" Then the clones would 've gotten inside and killed us .
va	NN	The chauffeur jumped forward .
va	NNS	" Did the Enforcers see your face ? "
va	NN	Such generosity wasn 't like him .
va	NNS	Okay , her breasts were not small , but they weren 't this prominent .
va	NNS	Tears threatened as I walked down the hall and into the Billiards room .
va	NNS	The abbess looked confused but abruptly answered , " Yes , yes .
va	NNS	The operatives froze in silent terror .
va	NNS	Her long beaded earrings swung wildly .
va	NN	But if that 's true , then there 's a lesson I want you to learn .
va	NNS	The firms in New York are offering at least three . "
va	NN	A loud beep and a red banner appeared on the TV screen that read " Emergency Weather Update : Valentine 's Day Storm Upgraded . "
va	NNS	Agnes hadn 't received the decorator 's visit with similar enthusiasm .
va	NN	Almost every result was about the lost Revolutionary War treasure .
va	NNS	As planned , the wagons slowed to a more leisurely pace .
va	NN	Not even the Ebola virus could hold my attention now .
va	NNS	That fifty bucks would come in handy after this trip .
va	NN	But the radio crackles , and I feel woozy .
va	NN	Dust billowed up , camouflaging the house .
va	NN	The library , cabinet , bedroom . "
va	NN	The gentle stream that fed Frog Pond ran through the sun before coming to the wide , shallow fishing hole .
va	NN	Fury lit his features - fury spiked with a little bit of insane zeal .
va	NNS	After they 'd picked their jaws up from the ground , the photographers started to disperse .
va	NNS	Seeing auras means I can tell everything about a person even when they don 't say it .
va	NN	The bird hopped close to Mira 's ear .
va	NN	A vicious kick to the small of its back crunched into its spine and sent the maimed , beheaded creature flying into the next in the line .
va	NNS	As Jessie drove through the Gothic gates to the estate , the gargoyles seemed to leer , ' Beware , all ye who enter here . '
va	NN	The only exception is bivalves , oysters , which I deem appropriate to consume .
va	NNS	The remaining entries in his diary are about love and life and children .
va	NN	" What is your occupation ? "
va	NN	" Why is the queen so curious about me ?
va	NN	A muscle in the Colonel 's cheek twitched as he pulled the trigger .
va	NNS	The bench players smiled , looking on with anticipation .
va	NN	His comment brings up an unpleasant thought from the previous night .
va	NN	First period was science lab , and just thinking of science lab made the hairs on the back of her neck stand up .
va	NNS	Dark desires that could never be satisfied .
va	NNS	Tears slowly dripped down his cheek .
va	NN	" Does anybody know the answer ?
va	NN	The dancer nodded to me .
va	NN	com Web site to update the others on his latest kills .
va	NNS	Tears of relief spurted from Gene 's eyes as he realized that Khloe had gone to the creek to throw Pooh sticks .
va	NNS	Unfortunately , too many layers of clothing stood between them .
va	NNS	Metal pots hung from the ceiling .
va	NN	Maybe then the damn curse will leave me alone and start working on you ! "
va	NN	Though this was my dream , his anguish and longing seemed almost real .
va	NNS	Wolves still circled Lorcan , trapping him with their bodies .
va	NNS	The events of the past are never an infallible predictor of the future . "
va	NN	Jason 's gut ached just from thinking about Hope spending her adolescent years with a mother who didn 't want her .
va	NNS	" There are feral beasts running amok in my library !
va	NNS	Her perceptions might be as scrambled as her memories .
va	NNS	' All compliments and no negativity makes Violet a glowing girl . '
va	NN	The last detail he remembered before passing out were many people approaching .
va	NN	" Honey your Daddy 's just being smart ?
va	NNS	Bones snarled in frustration , his knees hitting the roof as the vampire under him disappeared .
va	NN	Mama waved her hand impatiently .
va	NN	" But he didn 't , " a mage finally said .
va	NN	The softness of his voice begged her to level with him , but she couldn 't .
va	NNS	The pits are permanent . "
va	NNS	My breaths came faster and faster .
va	NN	' There 's always a plot .
va	NNS	" But being less outgoing doesn 't mean I 've changed in a bad way .
va	NN	There was a blinding explosion in Bouchard 's brain .
va	NNS	Minos had got a load of tobacco off a boat , and we were selling it for a heavy price that would bring a weighty profit .
va	NN	The doorman pointed at Rid .
va	NN	She was dressed in a ratty old flannel nightgown , one Papa had given her years ago .
va	NN	But Jesus 's most important sermon was to love one another as you love yourself .
va	NNS	The early parts of the morning passed quickly as we made our way towards the bridge .
va	NN	Fortunately , there was no blast .
va	NN	The passage was dark and gloomy .
va	NN	" There is a painting I 'd like to start on , if you don 't mind .
va	NNS	Several songs rocked by before the waiter returned with two large glasses and the bill .
va	NN	* * * * * Chapter Eight " Bury me cold , " the constable breathed .
va	NNS	But when it came down to it , his choices were short , very short .
va	NNS	Grams and I are alike .
va	NN	Their priority now had to be in proving her uncle was behind the two attempts on her life .
va	NNS	Andrea could see it in her mind , golden threads of Fae spells wafting from the metal .
va	NNS	" These fellows are probably from that confused priory .
va	NN	The swarm was inventing new behavior , appropriate to the situation .
va	NN	" The tag said it was a skirt .
va	NNS	There were bats everywhere .
va	NNS	Moments later the footsteps returned , now accompanied by a second person .
va	NN	His leer was gone , replaced by his singular sustaining emotion .
va	NN	" Therefore your comment just now has absolutely no bearing on where we go from here . "
va	NN	Anything she wanted was hers .
va	NNS	Several couches and recliners ringed three huge TVs .
va	NN	Anything that would help him understand I wanted to stay , but not like this .
va	NN	This time Raven forced herself to accept his touch without flinching .
va	NNS	Warmth courses through me as Flynn 's hand brushes my bare skin and I blush automatically .
va	NNS	Seconds before , he 'd found himself thinking , I 'd follow her anywhere .
va	NN	The weather outside was bright and sunny but refreshingly cool .
va	NN	The cloak will let me come and go without being recognized , right ? "
va	NNS	So much so , all his good intentions for protecting her with distance had flown right the hell out the window .
va	NNS	There were gasps of astonishment around the table and then someone else spoke .
va	NNS	The bracelets had been one of the first measures to control the unrest of the energy shock .
va	NN	The president squinted a bit .
va	NN	This inn had me in a nerve wrecking state of panic .
va	NNS	There were several beats of silence and I wondered if Nix was processing the real reason I was keeping him out .
va	NNS	Eyes that watched her with way too much heat .
va	NN	Finding any trace - any at all - of another of our immortals who might have felt something . "
va	NNS	Or before then , in our bed , when you had your long , beautiful thighs wrapped around my bare , bucking ass .
va	NN	Her temper flared at the patronising tone and she almost entered the room to take issue with him , when Luke did it for her .
va	NN	There was just the gurgle of air and blood in her lungs , and the low moans I could not control .
va	NNS	Everyone acts like doing what our bodies are designed to do is such a horrible thing .
va	NN	There was no trace of the parents of the murdered children .
va	NNS	The boxes represented the women in Charles 's life .
va	NN	But instead , the ferocious brawl died down to an eerie silence and I heard Amelie 's voice murmuring in the distance .
va	NNS	The survivors had descendants .
va	NNS	Massive doses of cigarette smoke .
va	NN	The tornado curves , almost like it 's leaning to the side for a better look at something .
va	NNS	Gods he was strong , but sloppy , uncoordinated in whatever daze had a hold of him .
va	NNS	Sharp claws clashed against my skin , but it did no damage .
va	NNS	Tears burned the back of my eyes , but I kept them in .
va	NNS	Tears threaten to betray me , but I hold them back as best I can .
va	NN	The alien said nothing .
va	NNS	Eyes that now looked light and free of excess baggage .
va	NNS	" The vapor samples were consistent with a turpentine spill . "
va	NNS	' Their claw marks are all over it . '
va	NN	The armor and weapons of that battle had been from antiquity .
va	NNS	Instead of pictures there were boxes and lines , dotted and thick ones representing different things .
va	NNS	Their gazes flitted to the vase , then to Emma .
va	NN	My painting is the latest scrape ; and I shall be all my life getting out of it .
va	NN	The archangels ' empire won 't last forever .
va	NNS	The magical forces at work had shifted yet again .
va	NN	Dust coated his body , and there was an ugly scratch on his cheek .
va	NN	There is no better quarry than a human : cunning , agile , tenacious .
va	NN	" If ... " At least the narrow valley was something to aim for .
va	NNS	She hated mirrors , hated her ankles , hated her hair .
va	NN	Beyond the door , there was a vast chamber , nearly three stories high and over a hundred feet across .
va	NN	a hovering fairy said in a high voice .
va	NNS	No more coffee mugs left on the drain board instead of put directly away .
va	NN	Do you know anything about us or ... " Saga began to rant .
va	NNS	At the first house , the owners were on their way out as we pulled up to the curb .
va	NNS	She fixed a sandwich , ate it with a glass of milk while she warmed several pots of water on the stove .
va	NNS	At any given time , several ships were arriving or preparing to slip out with the tide .
va	NN	The mint has worked to calm me , not creating the same confusing sensation as last time .
va	NN	A muscle was jumping in his jaw and his hands were tightly fisted on the sides of the towel .
va	NN	Aside from what happened to her parents , the biggest crime that had ever taken place here over the last fifteen years was a home robbery .
va	NNS	All the shops and concessions locked up at curfew and only a few unfortunate travelers , stranded between flights , dotted the day lounges and waiting areas .
va	NNS	Only gasps of fear showed their appreciation .
va	NNS	Men in long handles and men in dirty dungarees .
va	NNS	Now these issues were rising again to the surface .
va	NNS	Rhys tensed beside me .
va	NN	" A slut who sleeps around doesn 't deserve to live . "
va	NN	The seller seemed puzzled .
va	NNS	Those stitches on his shoulder reminded her of all they 'd been through together , how much they still faced .
va	NN	Fury spurted through him ; he struggled to keep it under control .
va	NNS	The bulls were still at war with each other .
va	NN	Their Secret Service is still better .
va	NNS	The claws are open and ready for the catch as her hands sweat on the levers while the rock veers towards her capture field .
va	NN	The raincoat , partially burned , is not hers .
va	NN	" Your management style is very upsetting to your staff .
va	NNS	A slow , deadly hiss escaped from Mikhail .
va	NNS	Fergus ran his hand through his hair .
va	NN	The single link that tied Dan to a conspiracy was the rig .
va	NNS	As on his feet , large claws protruded from his fingers , rendering him handicapped when it came to fine motor skills .
va	NN	The expanse of water was so large in the ocean that I felt like I could drift off and just keep going .
va	NN	The electric jolt was stronger than I expected , more violent than I 'd remembered from our exchange back in the costume shop .
va	NN	And the mosquito seems too cute .
va	NN	This glimpse of her did it .
va	NN	" The therapy is working , right ?
va	NN	Terrance 's sudden appearance caught her off guard .
va	NN	Dust chokes me , and I have to shut my eyes tight before it blinds me .
va	NNS	Tears for Paul , for the baby we lost , for future little blonde-haired , blue-eyed babies with Cohen , for all of it .
va	NN	" His mother died with him still inside her , the midwife cut him out .
va	NN	Jules ' voiced trailed off before the door closed .
va	NNS	Only fools dismissed his warnings casually .
va	NNS	There were occasions when they could receive mail , but it wasn 't likely to happen this trip .
va	NN	" Why do the Stalker Men exist ? "
va	NNS	Two metal balls and a boomerang shot through the air and struck the beast 's head .
va	NN	In the corner of the room , there is a large rack of wine bottles dating back decades , all stacked neatly in accordance to date .
va	NNS	The birds were low enough to see pulsing wings , the beat interrupted when the creatures would fold into bullets - a moment of resting , falling .
va	NNS	Fergus saw people trying to move away from the fights as Station Security moved toward the trouble .
va	NN	Raven tucked his car off the road and slept for four hours straight .
va	NNS	Unfortunately , certain complications brought you here , but this is not a gulag .
va	NNS	Sweat marks formed on the plastic around her fingers .
va	NNS	Quiet conversations filled the space as well .
va	NN	But would winning by default give him half the satisfaction as taking KCL by stealth and skill ?
va	NN	Its opening passage says ' enter if you dare and be prepared to accept the known and unknown ' .
va	NNS	Jack 's revelations about Todd hurt her , and she wanted to hurt him back , then .
va	NN	" Then where 's the harm in my telling you I love you ? "
va	NNS	She laughed and pushed me off of him , my fangs tore at his neck .
va	NN	A little irritation had crept into Mark 's voice .
va	NNS	The charms sparkled as I turned the bracelet in my hand .
va	NNS	The mutant gator 's clawed toes shear a chunk out of the root I was standing on .
va	NN	While riding along this path , there 's a sharp curve .
va	NN	Unfortunately , while God may be on their side , the pesky constitution has proved to be a problem .
va	NN	Once a victim dies , the respiratory virus dies with them , leaving only the necrotizing virus to take possesion of the corpse .
va	NNS	Mothers can be so unthinking sometimes .
va	NN	" The helmet isn 't here anymore .
va	NNS	The data was coming together nicely and soon the conversation with Susan was out of her mind .
va	NN	The outfit was complete with a black jacket , bow tie and shiny black shoes .
va	NN	There was a deafening crunch , and then a symphony of shattering glass .
va	NN	The explosion lasted seconds , but the shock waves are still blasting the living .
va	NNS	There are all sorts of things I think I should be asking , but I don 't want to sound like an idiot .
va	NNS	The mental foundations I had hastily constructed were creaking and cracking under the pressure .
va	NNS	If Jackson was right , the implications of this were enormous .
va	NNS	Huge chunks of the ship plastered the field .
va	NNS	He escorted me to a part of the restaurant that was so well hidden , most guests probably had no idea it even existed .
va	NN	Fear and oppression are thick within the air , and there are no happy thoughts or feelings to be had .
va	NNS	Seconds went by , but they may as well have been years .
va	NNS	" The new owners , " he said , " were nice enough to give me your forwarding address . "
va	NN	But when she got nervous , elegance tended to vanish from her repertoire .
va	NN	July 11 Our journey has been good , and I have not made much time to write , as we have traveled much in the last week .
va	NN	" But an average is just that .
va	NNS	People 's relationships haven 't always ... mattered to me , but Denny means a lot to me .
va	NNS	Tiny chairs surrounded an equally tiny glass table the size of a checkerboard .
va	NNS	There were other cuts .
va	NNS	The phone rings and I get Holly 's answering machine .
va	NN	A muscle jumped in his jaw before he said , " I 'm sure he won 't mind waiting in the jail down the street . "
va	NN	An empty , brick fireplace took up the section of room across from his bookshelves .
va	NN	However , now that we have looked at every other possibility , the only remaining possibility is the Heart of the Fountain .
va	NNS	The paramedics said there 's a good chance her potassium is low .
va	NN	That special bond had lasted through Carolyn 's failed marriage .
va	NN	Any library would have done , but this one was dear to me because the shelves held some of my best friends .
va	NN	A red wire , " she said .
va	NN	In spite of ladder , or the two observers below however , the bird remained quite motionless , as though frozen within his twiggy bower .
va	NN	The townspeople were running around in a frenzy .
va	NNS	The other cops would have understood that you were being forced . "
va	NN	But a Shifter from out of town couldn 't threaten , challenge , or cause any problems when he was an invited guest .
va	NNS	Agnes perceived his irritability .
va	NNS	Her lashes fluttered and he squeezed her hand .
va	NN	The reporter in me immediately piped up .
va	NN	And even if you swore up and down that you wouldn 't check , the temptation would always be there .
va	NN	Her white blouse and yellow capris were a little tight , but she looked like she made a good effort at keeping the mid-life spread at bay .
va	NN	And just like that the atmosphere has disintegrated , the happiness of the moment snatched away from me .
va	NNS	Tears streamed down her face as she took him in her arms .
va	NN	Then the whine of a dune buggy filtered through the trees .
va	NN	The imp fell onto the floor under the window .
va	NN	' Oh , half a lifetime , ' answered Shauna .
va	NNS	With cameramen following , the paramedics rolled the stretcher out of the arena , through the backstage area , and onto an ambulance .
va	NN	To a psychopath , killing becomes a craving , an addiction .
va	NN	A stalker shot out of the gloom under the bushes and sprinted across the road so fast it was a blur , then leaped over the hedge .
va	NNS	" What if there are civilians ? "
va	NNS	Other shapes came out of the darkness , from between parked cars , from all sides .
va	NN	The manuscript was in the room .
va	NN	After another couple seconds , the egg lay in her hand , a tiny zigzag crack marring its smooth surface but its contents still safely contained .
va	NN	Perhaps ... " A glimpse of red appeared in the corner of his vision , different from the rest in that it was moving , fluttering .
va	NNS	Thanatos pulled me left , down a narrow hall .
va	NNS	Matthias was a descendant of one of the founding members , and the blood bond that was passed down to him had made the choice for him .
va	NNS	Tears sting at my eyes as the feeling of being rejected builds inside me .
va	NN	The queen shook her head .
va	NN	Their disappearance coincided with the increase of the emptiness .
va	NNS	Alchemists and guardians patrolled the area side by side , and I could see where they had rounded up and contained the enemy Warriors .
va	NN	A bucket of ice cold water soaked Emelia .
va	NN	A shed stood at the back corner of the clearing and behind it , tall grass and weeds separated the yard from the water 's edge .
va	NNS	The glass jars lining the shelves were empty .
va	NN	' Dust clouds to the rear , sir . '
va	NNS	Hundreds of thousands of machines ran toward the river firing their weapons .
va	NN	" And may the Darkness have mercy on those people .
va	NNS	The paramedics were pounding on the window , yelling to see if anyone responded .
va	NN	The telephone on is desk rang .
va	NNS	" I can seat you immediately , " the hostess said , carrying two menus .
va	NN	" You won 't have to wait long , the finale is almost here . "
va	NNS	The events that now flow in ink first flowed in your mind , my lord .
va	NN	The severity of the situation unexpectedly takes a turn for the worse .
va	NN	Sloane very pointedly did not answer the coffee question .
va	NN	Had the Queen in her cruelty clipped her wings ?
va	NNS	Material goods so sought after before the Collapse were no longer of importance as they lay abandoned and free for the taking .
va	NN	The yell sounded drunken and angry .
va	NNS	Parents should not kiss .
va	NN	Even the Church would tell him that good came of disobedience in the end .
va	NNS	Probably the owners were trying to gauge what would sell best .
va	NNS	" The doctors at the lab and the CDC are trying to find an antidote .
va	NN	A pistol went off accidently while apprehending him .
va	NNS	Seconds passed like minutes , and minutes dragged like hours .
va	NNS	Yours to step on .
va	NN	Sometimes working with two different publishers on two different bestselling series is like trying to date two men at the same time .
va	NN	Each message capsule contained a jewel more beautiful than the last , or a perfect jade bead , or an exquisite gold bangle .
va	NN	Fear that he will expose me dips my head .
va	NN	There were tall birch and oak trees surrounding the building , and the ground was littered with crispy leaves , acorns , and pieces of flaky bark .
va	NN	His hard-on faded as he watched her struggle , but his wanting for her didn 't die .
va	NN	Her hips swayed , a sultry invitation as she wound in and out of the crowd on the edges of the dance floor .
va	NNS	But guardian angels don 't swoop in and save you from rotten feet and rats .
va	NNS	Doug 's crutches went flying , and a cloud of sand billowed up .
va	NN	The god already had a half-finished beetle in one hand .
va	NN	The violence shivered in his eyes , ready to be unleashed .
va	NN	A steaming stream that jetted out almost horizontally with its force .
va	NN	The twitching came from the drugs .
va	NNS	But soon the garments were flying off and the bed simply became a soft surface beneath them .
va	NN	" We knew you 'd come out sooner or later , " Mama said .
va	NN	For how could a robot invariably know that the conflict he was experiencing between the Second and Third Laws was placing a human in danger ?
va	NNS	No surprises there as he was much larger and stronger than me .
va	NNS	Men working at the Holiday Inn tried to conceal their constant staring but still twisted their heads for a better view .
va	NNS	" There are certain pressure points on the body .
va	NN	A second reporter picked up where the first left off .
va	NNS	There were several explosions going off outside .
va	NNS	Kells was somewhere in this building , and Noah was too .
va	NNS	" Members of the pack , " she said .
va	NNS	The claws that were her hands grasped the rim of the door .
va	NNS	" In the beginning there were many wars , much bloodshed .
va	NN	As if to confirm my self-diagnosis , the buzzer rang , indicating that the delivery guy was at the front door downstairs .
va	NN	The strain carved deep in her shoulders by the time the forest began to open up before her .
va	NN	It had been a struggle , the debris told that tale .
va	NN	Fear is a gateway to horrors that can destroy whole civilizations . "
va	NN	- Adam Now the tiny bunch of flowers made sense .
va	NN	What was their payment for healing me ? "
va	NN	Suddenly a squire stepped into the room .
va	NN	The packet was no bigger than my hand .
va	NN	The thunder had ceased , I think , the moment the still light came .
va	NNS	The officers , after taking one look at Tiger , had seemed to tacitly agree to stop even looking at the kids .
va	NN	The aroma of chocolate increased immensely .
va	NNS	Gregori 's fangs gleamed white in the darkened room .
va	NNS	Other Inquisitors shout in alarm .
va	NNS	My palms were slightly sweaty and I wiped them on my jeans .
va	NN	His bangs always stuck up once they dried , but he hadn 't minded that .
va	NN	The depression was dry except for a slimy skim of water at the very bottom .
va	NN	The manager looked confused and more than a bit concerned .
va	NN	51 Later , Altair and Maria sat in their residence , huddled together on a stone bench , silent in the near dark .
va	NN	The outfit is classy but Ashley doesn 't look like someone playing dress-up with her mother 's clothes . "
va	NNS	Our laws to protect the workers only wind up leaving them on the unemployment line . "
va	NNS	Usually angels -- fallen or otherwise -- didn 't change their appearance .
va	NN	The poor lad had come back soaking wet and in an absolute panic , justly earned , as it turned out .
va	NN	The apple never falls far from the tree , dear . "
va	NNS	There were no children 's toys strewn around the front yard .
va	NNS	Cass shouted leaning over to get in Lodge 's face .
va	NN	" Regina 's cook likes to express himself in three dimensions .
va	NNS	" Eyes glued to the mirror .
va	NNS	Two officers broke a window at the rear while Renton and the third uniform levered open the garage door .
va	NNS	Spill her secrets for a wedding invite ?
va	NNS	The other two bitches they got , " he said .
va	NN	The air reeked of catered food and men 's cologne .
va	NNS	The mounds are architectural masterpieces complete with tunnels , chimneys , and passageways .
va	NN	When they stood on her street , a pang came to her chest .
va	NNS	The small white scars around his eyes weren 't as visible ; his face had paled considerably from the restraint he was exerting over himself .
va	NN	Under all that drab brown fabric and starched blouses was a woman of fire and passion .
va	NN	In the summer , ivy crawled up the exterior and gave the school a certain New England charm .
va	NNS	Men who believed Lord Nemesis was the man to bring about a truly unified continent .
va	NN	The doorman waved me in .
va	NN	This journey we are about to embark is not going to be easy .
va	NN	The fence was on a belt that wrapped the ship all the way around , and spun like the track of a tank .
va	NN	The council declared these practices unlawful .
va	NN	Darkness surrounded me for half a minute until I saw light above us .
va	NNS	Only the last few pages were in her neat , rounded handwriting .
va	NN	On top of everything he was already dealing with , his girlfriend had slept with one of his friends .
va	NN	If I wasn 't so nervous the password would have made me laugh .
va	NNS	Shifters married into other clans , but there weren 't as many females as males anymore , and other clans were few and far between .
va	NNS	Heavy red curtains hung on either side of the double windows the length of each wall .
va	NNS	The giants were too busy trying to pin Owen to the floor to notice me come up behind them , knives ready .
va	NN	The low rumble of voices from the other room made her stop short .
va	NNS	" That 's what I was trying to tell you , the gauges went haywire .
va	NNS	And there were no strange noises coming from outside , nothing that led her to believe Denny and Powell were back ... Then she realized .
va	NN	The sprinting relaxes me .
va	NNS	But the ridiculous terms of the will had him handcuffed , and for the time being Tara held the key .
va	NNS	Just a few meters away was a lake .
va	NNS	Eyes vacant as the twilight sky .
va	NNS	Moments like these were more important than being punctual .
va	NNS	Bold marks of suggestion cut across his wide shoulders and spiraled in a shifting whorl down his back .
va	NNS	The doctors say I have another two weeks to go .
va	NNS	The loneliness once again overwhelms me , and I stagger back .
va	NNS	The layers have to be peeled back until they are all healed . "
va	NNS	" Superstitious fools , " Yves muttered .
va	NN	Across the sky , the blip raced toward them .
va	NN	The clerk asks , " How large a dog do you have ? "
va	NN	The queen wrinkled her nose and looked back down .
va	NN	The disappearance of their son , Chad , made the third disappearance in three days .
va	NN	There was no resistance .
va	NNS	His firm caress continued its seductive magic .
va	NNS	Jessica said simply , " I 'll have one waffle with blueberries and whip cream , two slices of bacon and orange juice .
va	NNS	Tears streamed down her face , scalding her eyes .
va	NNS	The executions continued in Salem .
va	NNS	In theory , any private robots taken for use in the terraforming project remained the property of the original owner .
va	NN	The gesture had been really thoughtful and perfectly timed .
va	NNS	" These sketches are amazing . "
va	NN	The biggest Great Dane I 'd ever seen was four and a half feet long .
va	NN	The chalk glowed in the strange light .
va	NNS	Finally once the immediate procedures were set , four officers remained with a resource vehicle to protect the crime scene .
va	NN	Thankfully , the waitress didn 't have any reason to linger and flirt , so she quickly left the sun-filled deck area .
va	NNS	Any minute now , the morning lamps might be lit .
va	NNS	I was too frightened to attend the trial and any way the lawyers had my co-worker and all our results .
va	NNS	The arresting officers are young and eager . "
va	NNS	Matthias smiled at me and held out his hand .
va	NN	Fear gripped tighter with each approaching step .
va	NNS	Chandelier earrings bobbed against her hair , and her big feet were bare .
va	NN	The tower was no longer there , having fallen into the water centuries ago , perhaps the victim of the mysterious fire .
va	NNS	There were cream leather couches with lots of colourful scatter cushions , glass tables with creamy granite pedestals holding them up .
va	NNS	Your injuries were consistent with a physical assault .
va	NNS	Great chunks of rock fell in a shower above their heads .
va	NNS	The sailors looked at each other in amazement : " What happened back there ? "
va	NNS	Tears sprang from her eyes , pouring down her cheeks , and her throat was so tight she couldn 't get any words out .
va	NN	Once told of the implications , many wholeheartedly wanted their lives to have meaning and simply volunteered .
va	NNS	There were puffy green couches , food , drinks and a big screen on the wall that showed a live feed of the stadium .
va	NNS	The wagons arrived to take them back to their various stations .
va	NN	The professor had been counting on this money for a long time .
va	NNS	" His highness has once again proven to be the most irritating creature on earth . "
va	NNS	Tears drew close , but she pushed them away .
va	NN	The discussion about baseball resulted in there being no real examination of their documents , at which the military policemen had barely glanced .
va	NN	" The Queen will know , child .
va	NN	As if writing children 's books was so easy anybody could do it .
va	NNS	Men barked orders with authority , and machine guns popped in concentrated waves .
va	NN	The technology reasserted itself .
va	NNS	The data from project Blue Book is available today under the Freedom of Information Act .
va	NN	The word slut didn 't really apply to her , ever .
va	NN	There 's a stink in the house , and she recognizes it .
va	NNS	Yours in sincere devotion , Miss Susan Kirke She placed her pen upon her writing desk and called her maid .
va	NNS	Julia , Jon and Running Deer are at the portal . "
va	NN	The ferocity with which the ninja fought was inspiring , if a little terrifying too for the one who was forced to face it .
va	NN	The terror that had been on her face when the other man touched her leg slowly morphed into relief at his arrival .
va	NNS	Her breaths started to shake .
va	NNS	Girard 's cuffs were still upon her , and she jerked her head back toward the castle .
va	NNS	There were several layers of blankets and a large pillow , enough for me to fall asleep on quickly after the long ordeal of the day .
va	NNS	What the hell is eleven ?
va	NN	Mike 's entire existence projected into a black hole of consciousness .
va	NN	A muscle jumped in his jaw right before he muttered , " Cuddles . "
va	NN	" This discussion is over , Mr. Patrick , until I talk to my attorney . "
va	NN	Marching directly at him , Dark Link 's enigmatic style baffles both Rift and Mai .
va	NNS	Tears filled her eyes all over again .
va	NN	" The Queen has her . "
va	NN	An airship , on the other hand , is just a big bubble .
va	NNS	The pedestrians looked pressed for time judging by the way they twirled around , longingly gazing at the opposite side of the road .
va	NN	The terror and insecurity of knowing just enough and nothing more was literally almost more than Sarah could bear .
va	NNS	The real victims were the people who were under their rule .
va	NN	The headache and nausea roared back to life .
va	NN	And the Emperor gave heed to this quiet remonstrance and abandoned his desperate adventure .
va	NNS	Tears filled her eyes , and her lip and cheek grew numb and swollen .
va	NNS	Soon he was in the centre of the bloody pool , chunks of warm flesh floated around him like a rich stew .
va	NNS	Ten minutes later all the officers were back at their stations and ship was heading for the point of entry .
va	NN	The radio and electromagnetic waves around her felt like prickles of energy against her skin .
va	NN	This council took over as she had planned but Our Lady is in a limbo between three worlds .
va	NNS	Then there were two sickening cracks , like kindling being snapped , as the huge knight stamped first on one leg , then the other .
va	NN	The cloak and the clothes beneath looked soaked and dirty .
va	NNS	Minos and I let ourselves in and got straight to work .
va	NNS	Water lilies and cress formed a perfect green blanket obscuring all that lay beneath .
va	NNS	But there are all sorts of other goodies out there if you 're thirsty or hungry . "
va	NNS	Tears were running down her face and a faint bruise in the shape of a hand remained on her face .
va	NN	Only the chain that had held the jewel remained in his hand .
va	NNS	Men driven underground , but determined to survive and wreak vengeance on their oppressors ?
va	NN	A safe haven in the arms of this woman he loved .
va	NNS	When a lot of people get together there are many varying preferences .
va	NN	And the only way Fate could right this wrong was to set something else in motion .
va	NN	The food I cook is better than anything you 'll get in a restaurant . "
va	NNS	Some folks thought that sort of thing was cute .
va	NN	Then , as I rode the sea like a leaf rides the wind , another jellyfish drifted up to me .
va	NN	5 Larry Durrant could feel his mother 's eyes on his right shoulder , all but burning a hole right through it .
va	NNS	The main assets a person needs on the street these days are sharp eyes and ears .
va	NNS	But inside , our souls are mirror images .
va	NNS	There 's laws against that .
va	NNS	" Yeah , but the Vampire Council 's files are practically the same . "
va	NNS	Tears rushed to my eyes .
va	NN	The world span in two directions at once , like a ball on a roulette wheel , it span away from me and towards me .
va	NN	Primarily silver in color , the structure is like no architecture he has ever seen , the roofs of the oddly fashioned buildings shaped like teardrops .
va	NN	It was like a punch in the stomach knocking the wind from his lungs and leaving him gasping for air .
va	NNS	Horned beings , as tall as the humanoid , prowled into view .
va	NN	A stupid , pathetic obsession that only got worse with every family event she went to .
va	NN	Whoever he was , the black stubble on his jaw made him look formidable .
va	NNS	Her thighs and arms and neck ... like pure alabaster .
va	NN	My fee 's the same whether he 's a clown or a bastard . "
va	NN	The vice president of new development asked me to check out the town .
va	NNS	The octopus counted to three and pulled with all his might , it hurt for a couple seconds , but then I just popped out .
va	NN	The horrible suspicion makes me stumble , though Elliott catches me .
va	NNS	His outlook reminders kept pushing the day for him .
va	NNS	The short silky sundress hugged her chest creating some killer cleavage and a tiny waist .
va	NNS	And in general what did this group bandits want from us ? "
va	NN	The material is straightforward , black and white , right and wrong .
va	NN	The stronger foundation would win the day .
va	NN	The furniture was modern and sleek , the apartment decorated in neutral shades of cream and beige , accented with bright splashes of red and turquoise .
va	NNS	Not all the Reboots made it .
va	NNS	Those tones meant very bad things .
va	NNS	No more loneliness , no more disappointment , no more betrayal ... and , instead , I woke up a vampire . "
va	NN	A little shiver works its way down my spine and lands in the pit of my stomach like a bolt of lightning .
va	NNS	The flavors were richer and more mysterious .
va	NNS	The bubbles did keep rising up , but Basha suddenly had a strange feeling that something was wrong .
va	NN	The anxiety in the boy 's voice and eyes was real enough .
va	NNS	The prisoners stood up slowly .
va	NNS	The events have yet to unfold , but unfold they will . "
va	NNS	The cops don 't want to throw him in jail , but they haven 't released him yet , either .
va	NNS	Sweat beads had bubbled upon his forehead as he worked on the man .
va	NNS	There was not a man among them but had known to a nicety the numbers which the French could muster against them .
va	NNS	The monsters were toying with them ?
va	NN	His persistence in reminding her that she must trust him because everything was not as it seemed caused more questions .
va	NN	My Dutch billionaire had gotten the better of me again .
va	NN	Mitchell 's resistance dissolved into amusement .
va	NN	A 99.9 % probability that after two decades , Sheila Dekker would need to sacrifice no more .
va	NN	A muscle worked in his jaw , and the fingers that attempted to caress my face a moment before closed in a fist .
va	NN	Inside his large office was a disarray of files and papers on his glass desk and a neighboring table across from it .
va	NN	No arrow can kill me ! "
va	NN	The hypocrisy of that statement made her tummy hurt , but she was battling for her very existence and compromises had to be made .
va	NNS	The stitches started to annoy her .
va	NNS	Bill 's agents came and hauled Seraphim away in handcuffs .
va	NNS	Such endeavors bring no honor to a house .
va	NN	A palpable surge of relief and desire swept me .
va	NNS	The sadness filling her chest now came with a less painful emotion , one that made it easier to breathe , but it still hurt .
va	NNS	One or two breaths of this and your lungs no longer worked , one or two more and you lost consciousness forever .
va	NN	The facility was the main base of operations and training facility of the Auxiliary Support Regiment , the elite soldiers of the Arash Empire .
va	NN	Her enthusiasm for the idea increased the more she thought about turning the tables on Jack 's Aunt Mabry .
va	NN	In another thirty minutes , a stretch limousine would be taking them to the venue .
va	NNS	The agents were in Whiskey Ridge because they were hunting Cale .
va	NN	A green picket fence penned in a small but picturesque garden bursting with plants and budding flowers .
va	NN	I am a general now , ' says the volcano .
va	NN	And throughout the rest of their talk , her ignorance of the technique of general conversation gave a curious and disquieting quality to the whole scene .
va	NNS	There are several options .
va	NN	The very foundation seemed to flinch in terror at some unseen menace .
va	NNS	Long dusty corridors filled with the hustle and bustle of imagined spectres only .
va	NNS	The empty corridors echoed back the sound of his pounding feet .
va	NNS	Other Books by George Shadow 1 .
va	NNS	The houses framing both sides of it were derelict , ramshackle .
va	NNS	The fragments of thoughts he did have were only of destruction .
va	NNS	When I was young , the charges were usually public intoxication or disorderly conduct .
va	NNS	Fellows wasn 't certain how he 'd gotten through the wedding festivities afterward .
va	NN	And the dam broke .
va	NNS	Men come here one after the other to unload the trouble these devilish women place on their shoulders .
va	NNS	With a wide swipe across the screen , the applications collapsed .
va	NN	A traitor died , and one of you breached the silence we all pledged to maintain . "
va	NN	Honestly , their gossiping sickens me . "
va	NNS	Men , both Danish and Welsh , lined the battlements leading to the upper storey of the gatehouse .
va	NN	His elevation to the rank of chief was fairly recent , and he 's been quite open about his dislike for the whole idea .
va	NN	No ancient treasure warranted this kind of urgency .
va	NNS	The buttons lit up , and she carefully pressed in Neal 's cell number ... .
va	NNS	Stones and decayed heaps of older leaves in ragged clumps .
va	NN	A cracking of twigs underfoot .
va	NN	Where 's everybody going ?
va	NNS	Large tree trunks circled the space , completely green with ivy and moss .
va	NNS	There are also ' deflationary delusions ' that cause people to put themselves down , or allow themselves to think that others are superior .
va	NNS	The golden remnants of my earlier self were fading .
va	NNS	The Frisbee players talked excitedly , and I listened .
va	NN	The remainder of the day continued in an eerily quiet fashion .
va	NN	The butler glanced at the card .
va	NN	" A bunch of guys came down with the flu .
va	NNS	Bodies lined the streets .
va	NN	The ache was becoming intolerable and as uncomfortable as the pain in his side .
va	NNS	The headlights momentarily illuminated the small sign nailed to the post : Friends of Willow .
va	NNS	My palms are sweaty .
va	NNS	All her employees were technically part time , but Kevin had assumed the unofficial role of assistant manager .
va	NNS	At least the cops could take molds of the tracks and shoe prints for clues .
va	NNS	However , my superiors aren 't content with that .
va	NN	The speaker , a thin man whose scalp majored more on skin than hair , tracked the great , old man marching down the aisle .
va	NN	Pretty soon , a dirty grey shell would start growing over my back and antennae would sprout .
va	NN	Fear got the better of me .
va	NN	Hawthorne looked up when Nick flung the door open .
va	NNS	But my sons and their children dwell here in wealth and unity .
va	NNS	My panties were nowhere to be seen .
va	NN	The naval clinic had turned into a center of activity with the other five bodies on the tables .
va	NN	" Hospital policy , " Alice assured him , disappearing for just a moment before she returned with a wheelchair .
va	NNS	His obscure conversational topics and his habit of doggedly flogging a line of argument to the death made him very wearing .
va	NN	The director was David Pressman , who had had very little directing experience .
va	NN	The trial was going badly .
va	NN	Then the bird squawked , almost sympathetically .
va	NN	His erection pushed into me even more urgently and I reached my fingers down to squeeze it gently .
va	NN	The reporter hopped off the stoop and away from his would-be attacker .
va	NNS	The whip cracks against his back like a blade , cutting deeply into his flesh as he groans in pain .
va	NN	The profanity rolled off her tongue with such ease that I wasn 't even surprised by it .
va	NNS	The diminished crowds mean I can make my way around easier .
va	NNS	The two men were so close , their noses might have touched .
va	NNS	Black skid marks smeared the pavement behind us .
va	NN	" The dispatcher appears to be clean .
va	NN	Yesterday -- or tomorrow - had been quite a disastrous day .
va	NNS	Tears still lay below the surface but she was doing a decent job of controlling them .
va	NNS	" Forty bucks if you just tell me what the woman looked like . "
va	NNS	... Sure enough the blackness came and I was knocked unconscious .
va	NNS	Surely the agents had died in that , surely whatever he did had killed them .
va	NN	Where is your humanity ? "
va	NN	Riley 's generator was doing its job .
va	NNS	Three rusted Napoleon twelve pounder tubes captured from Confederate emplacements at the Wilderness stood picket .
va	NN	As the bonfire faded to small flames and bright embers , the celebrating and dancing also came to a close .
va	NNS	Those kinds of creatures don 't .
va	NN	Falling rubble grazed her , and her hair was white with flying dust , and still she sat as though entranced .
va	NNS	The horsey pajamas ruined the effort , though .
va	NN	And when she did he was certain his fascination with her would end .
va	NN	The rover 's always cold when you first get in it .
va	NNS	Serena coughs , sputtering out granules that work their way from gill to mouth .
va	NNS	Slowly , the mourners broke apart .
va	NN	Anything else might mean admitting they were wrong or , worse than that , not omnipotent .
va	NN	Her fantasy of a grandfather , since she 'd never had one she knew of .
va	NN	The enthusiasm he 'd felt on the subway drained from him , and he abruptly couldn 't remember what had possessed him to rush over here .
va	NNS	Those jars marked eight D and twenty-four H .
va	NN	The exclusive competition lacked the notoriety of other well known more commercial events but in small circles remained the top tournament .
va	NNS	The birds had abandoned the chase .
va	NN	The smaller space alien turned a noticeably paler shade of green .
va	NN	Although he couldn 't see how a jury of his peers would reach any other conclusion .
va	NNS	Mortals did the exact opposite .
va	NN	Your encounter probably saved her , prevented a direct attack .
va	NN	Disappointment tasted bitter on her tongue .
va	NN	The waitress arrived at that moment and Rachel was doubly irritated that it was the same woman who had been acting as the hostess .
va	NN	" A stiletto sunk between two stones in the floor .
va	NNS	Suddenly three more vans screeched around the corner , pulling up behind the first .
va	NNS	Her hands tightened on him as those fingers slid higher up her thighs , his eyes following .
va	NNS	Inside Hart and Eleanor 's bedchamber , all the lamps glowed , and the fire burned high , lighting up the scene .
va	NNS	" Their houses would have been by those places . "
va	NN	Given my overall misery ( mental and physical ) , my behavior was ridiculous .
va	NNS	" Hundreds of them , " Joe added .
va	NN	A sharp pang of dissatisfaction formed in the back of my throat .
va	NNS	Building fronts pocked by shrapnel .
va	NN	Another assistant ventured forth with a platter of leftover shrimp and oysters , but Fitch waved him off .
va	NN	Her earlier terror still lurked , but now determination muffled it .
va	NN	Another apple flew down .
va	NN	His gut kept telling him something much different .
va	NNS	The three prisoners had been over this plan and all agreed it was the only way to save another innocent settlement from destruction .
va	NN	The flyer didn 't care and flew toward the mountain .
va	NNS	" Where are the Mole doctors ?
va	NN	The sunset fired the water , giving it a pink glow .
va	NNS	There was a sadness in her eyes .
va	NNS	After a while , the pages dropped from Pope 's hands and the solemn visage rose .
va	NN	A performance that held them all spellbound .
va	NNS	Her lashes fluttered open for a quick peek his way .
va	NNS	Moments later the door shuts and the shower turns on .
va	NNS	Such points worry me .
va	NN	My saving grace was my Nan .
va	NN	Raven had heard his words , all of which held truth , but he knew she had no idea of the reality .
va	NNS	The two sailors exchanged a glance .
va	NNS	There are family secrets that I 'm not sure she would ever be able to handle , things that would shatter her memories of her family forever .
va	NNS	" Nonsense , " their hostess said roundly .
va	NNS	Congratulations on making me look like a pilgrim with a psychotic barber .
va	NN	Dust hung in the air over a wide , unmade road , littered with the dead .
va	NNS	Her earrings danced and her eyes sparkled .
va	NN	Somebody should alert the press . "
va	NNS	Coed dorms were less mature than depicted on college websites .
va	NN	A bird in the sky looked down upon the congregation of townsfolk , gathered again beneath the old birch tree .
va	NNS	All that interests me is the power that she unwittingly holds .
va	NNS	On the wall with the entrance are shelves covered in bottles .
va	NNS	Even though it was winter , snowflakes and cold temperatures didn 't keep the die-hard skaters from their outdoor skate .
va	NNS	Amos sat at a desk , reading from the top of a stack of papers .
va	NNS	" Men are pigs . "
va	NN	From the smell , bathing hadn 't been part of this man 's life either .
va	NNS	' All the shipping companies are trying to outdo one another .
va	NNS	The paramedics were as gentle as they could be with me , while getting me onto the stretcher and carrying me up the flight of stairs .
va	NNS	And all I feel inside is complete and utter sadness , mourning the loss of what I so briefly had .
va	NN	Even the young Were was showing a lot of fang .
va	NN	Serenity 's vulnerability meant she didn 't know what she asked of him , but he 'd allowed himself to make love to her .
va	NN	" My Gran has dementia , so if she says anything odd either ignore or humour her . "
va	NNS	A horrible roar courses through Jason 's mind and his eyes white out as he drifts through the universe .
va	NNS	Amber 's new earrings were in .
va	NNS	The doctors believed she was born with it .
va	NNS	Before I have a chance to close it fully , the walkers bash into it , pushing it open .
va	NNS	Cass bowed in return .
va	NNS	Their noses were nearly touching .
va	NN	" The lesson here is that you must be prepared for the consequences if you decide to break any type of directive . "
va	NNS	There are loads of issues here . '
va	NN	His scalp , an area he 'd never considered sensitive before , ached , soaking up every bit of attention .
va	NNS	Guests started crowding into the main room to hear them .
va	NN	My exhale came like a sudden release of air from a balloon , and the knots in my shoulders untied .
va	NNS	Their gazes collided and the fire she saw in his eyes sucked the breath out of her lungs like a vacuum .
va	NN	The waitress nodded and asked her if she didn 't like her food .
va	NNS	Okay , not all rogues were stupid , but still .
va	NN	The president tented his hands and scowled at his fingers .
va	NN	Her own failure was more complete .
va	NNS	If Mac failed to perform at the concert , the managers would probably get rid of him .
va	NNS	There were faint scars on his left cheek .
va	NN	The bottom portion flowed effortlessly in the wind .
va	NNS	His fists tightened so hard that the bulge of his wrists cut into the tight cuffs .
va	NNS	The scars may have healed , and the bruises faded .
va	NNS	There were two black leather sofas , a matching armchair , and an ornate silver box of medieval design for a coffee table .
va	NNS	Some small orange patches of light are flashing several feet ahead of me .
va	NNS	What are the big secrets ? "
va	NN	Though he didn 't fancy being eaten alive , the nearest shelter was half a mile away .
va	NN	" The information post told you it was a pub . "
va	NN	A waitress came over pad in hand .
va	NN	There is no shame in needing a few extra hands to deal with that , certainly .
va	NN	That prick could have killed us .
va	NNS	Eyes that still watched her with a sad desperation .
va	NN	A ripple of laughter moved through the room .
va	NNS	The cops never found any sign of him either .
va	NN	The violent slap stole her breath .
va	NNS	Sparse patches of dehydrated grass slowly become lush blossoms of ferns and flowers .
va	NNS	His movements were quick , jerky , his breaths clipped and labored .
va	NN	" What 's a medium to do ? "
va	NNS	A few tendrils of steam curled into the room .
va	NN	Raven had found a weapon and now wanted back in the fight .
va	NN	A shiver ran through me as I realized he may have been watching me sleep .
va	NN	So I sat up , skirt wrinkled and stained , and gingerly made my way into the bathroom .
va	NN	My god , what had they done to him .
va	NNS	The other prisoners he let go where they pleased .
va	NN	Anything comes close and I want you to take it out .
va	NNS	Seconds later Nick pulled away , looking down at him with dark lust filled green eyes .
va	NN	The moonlight was reflecting through a nearby window , and the gun seemed to be staring back at him .
va	NNS	Instead of cushions , her sofas had brick colored leather that wrapped around dark squared pieces of wood .
va	NN	Eventually an ambulance turned up .
va	NNS	The rear springs settled noticeably from the weight .
va	NNS	The marks had stopped moving .
va	NNS	Men need order . '
va	NN	" My carriage is outside .
va	NN	" No one is going to intimidate our citizens , " growled the manager .
va	NNS	The charges levied against me are heinous , and from this point forward , it becomes a media event and a public circus .
va	NN	The only greenery came from a few narrow lawns and some neatly squared hedges .
va	NN	First the siege , then Louis ' army and now my father 's .
va	NNS	Rhys looked at me .
va	NNS	The scaled horse galloped , clawed hooves digging into the ground .
va	NNS	And then his sled dogs run blindly off a cliff ? "
va	NNS	Arms steady , eyes hard , Dean pulled the trigger , but he was too late .
va	NNS	Only small chunks here and there .
va	NNS	White cloths soaked up as much liquid as they could hold but it wouldn 't take long for them to reach their limits .
va	NN	" What 's the alternative ? "
va	NN	A bath , shave , and hearty breakfast had helped , but his head still throbbed , and he felt decided wrung out .
va	NNS	There were no buttons to direct the lift , but when the doors closed , the elevator began to move .
va	NNS	The Irish brethren would take their secrets to the grave .
va	NNS	When I pulled into my driveway , the headlights illuminated the wood siding on my house .
va	NN	The rough rooftop scrapes my knees as his weight drags me forward .
va	NNS	My breasts were doing their best to escape right now .
va	NN	The Gordon income is quite sufficient .
va	NNS	80 pounds of worry weigh down his shoulders .
va	NNS	So much sadness pouring out of her yet she looks so empty inside .
va	NNS	Atticus had reached Jane .
va	NNS	Cardboard tubes of maps still lean against the desk .
va	NNS	Taranis came to the side of the bed .
va	NN	Suddenly , the screech of a bird made me jump .
va	NNS	The headlights were a dazzling glare in his eyes now and he was forced to squint as he waved his arms over his head .
va	NNS	Today 's Orwellian themes , scrawled across large campaign banners , is , Tolerance Is A One-Way Street and Diversity Through Conformity .
va	NNS	Months of dating have taught me exactly where he 's ticklish .
va	NN	Just then the golden bird flies right through the window slamming into Kol 's head with full force .
va	NNS	Her delicate golden earrings glittered in the light of the chandelier , drawing his eye to her elegant neck .
va	NNS	If a band generates enough buzz through gigs , labels wake up and chase them for demos .
va	NNS	So many folks in Bayfield , Wisconsin were kind enough to answer my many questions about the area , including Robert Nelson , local author .
va	NNS	Her daughters were angels .
va	NN	A shiver ran down my spine , and I was frozen to the bone by icy water .
va	NN	The arrow had gone through the center of the withered heart , impaling the organ and holding it to form .
va	NNS	" The old folks , " he chuckled , " in all their anger , tossed a brick through your window . "
va	NNS	Complete stillness greeted this question , and Lord Brogan weighed his every word carefully before he spoke it .
va	NNS	Finally , the guests were really happy and enjoying themselves .
va	NNS	All angels are descended from the gods at some point , but time crossed the paths of many kinds that brought about many races .
va	NN	Another formula , and fire radiated cold that froze everything near it .
va	NN	" Maybe the warlock shifter did some kind of spell that doesn 't allow us to have kids . "
va	NNS	The managers hired me this morning . "
va	NN	The revelation made her uneasy .
va	NN	" A large section of the rear of the plane is missing . "
va	NNS	Eris appeared on his other side and lifted .
va	NN	A series of whistles rang through the air .
va	NNS	Most performers train for years before getting their first job .
va	NNS	Our mouths learned each other 's , molding together , teasing and tasting .
va	NN	My gut squeezes and I wince in pain .
va	NNS	Above the wheel of die world , the gods played on .
va	NNS	The cook 's scars looked like they had once been very painful wounds .
va	NNS	If anything , the sudden stillness made it worse .
va	NN	Every muscle in my body was aching .
va	NN	When things were slow , everybody tightened their belts and got by .
va	NN	" Sorry , the battery went dead and I ... I lost the charger .
va	NNS	The pages smelled musty as I bent over , trying to read the tiny writing .
va	NNS	And even if it doesn 't , paper cuts still hurt a lot .
va	NNS	The two suited agents rushed from the restaurant , heading for an adjacent stairway that wound down to the Hyatt 's main entrance .
va	NN	The pirate I used to know can take care of himself . "
va	NN	The waitress asked if they wanted their usual beer .
va	NN	Their mounts gave these human beings a fanatical sense of power .
va	NN	Quiet satisfaction hummed in the words .
va	NNS	Parents , siblings , aunties . '
va	NN	" There 's this mad professor , and a woman with zombie eyes who sleeps in a coffin and runs on electricity .
va	NNS	My thighs gripped Jake 's hips instinctively as he pulled back out only to thrust even harder .
va	NN	Their long journey to town together had confused rather than enlightened her .
va	NN	The bird perched on his shoulder .
va	NN	" The journey to Rome is not child 's play . "
va	NN	The display read call lost .
va	NN	Again the breathy snap , this time with wide eyes .
va	NNS	The fragments of boat were floating ; she looked around and saw Kevin whirling around like a doll .
va	NNS	Tears stream down her face .
va	NN	" Jennings is about ten minutes out , " said the Captain tersely .
va	NN	The vibration is from the pressure underground , the pulse of the steam engine beneath us . "
va	NNS	" But there are all kinds of bravery , and this one doesn 't suit you . "
va	NNS	The sleeves would flow to your fingertips , but off your shoulders , exposing your lovely skin .
va	NN	Her take-no-prisoners attitude had been a real turn-on .
va	NNS	The FBI agents sat up straight .
va	NNS	Her breasts rose and fell to her heightened breathing .
va	NNS	Until them , paramedics just meant more bodies for Wilson to use .
va	NNS	-- I have to get home , my daughters need supper . "
va	NN	His intuition had not been wrong .
va	NNS	There are all kinds of delicacies to eat and money to be had from the elders .
va	NN	The wary assistant fiddled with her notebook , a sure sign that the impressively competent woman was nervous about answering that question .
va	NNS	His hardness rocked into me with that furious pace .
va	NNS	Some houses offered two bedrooms , some three , and some four .
va	NN	A small surge of current moved the sub , swaying it at its tether .
va	NN	" Hey , sis , can you go by my house and let Terminator out ? "
va	NNS	Men and boys worshiped her .
va	NN	Her cigarette dangled from her lips as she gazed past them , obviously experiencing the stoning again .
va	NNS	His black lashes rested on his face .
va	NNS	Two uniformed officers stomped snow off their boots .
va	NNS	The hairs on the back of my neck started to prickle .
va	NNS	The doctors and their assistants referred to it as " fetal tissue " that invariably was picked up by medical couriers and taken to research labs .
va	NNS	Like the mysterious metal of the cube , the spheres appeared impervious to damage ; their shiny surfaces were an awe-inspiring display of perfection .
va	NN	The bird took a sharp breath and puffed itself out .
va	NNS	Pale stripes of scars crossed his bronze skin .
va	NN	Violet chants something incomprehensible and Desmond flies across the room .
va	NNS	Don 't snakes need warm weather ?
va	NNS	Cass stiffened at those words and walked over to Ryan , pulling him up off his knees .
va	NNS	The two dogs were out there , growling and splashing and snapping at each other .
va	NN	The convulsive flexing of her fingers at his nape and the feel of her hand sliding up beneath his shirt conveyed a wealth of feeling .
va	NN	The horsemen , though , were not .
va	NNS	" Oh , good grief , Sheriff , what have you got yourself into ? "
va	NNS	There were no venomous snakes on Jamaica .
va	NNS	The white ribbons snaked through the air towards him , and like lightening , he threw up his swords , and battered them away .
va	NNS	" Les , there are virtually no secrets in this world .
va	NNS	" Where are the fine ships and the bold lasses you commanded now ? "
va	NN	" Papa is often angry with Uncle Hart . "
va	NNS	The kid 's backs were facing us , and they seemed to be behaving .
va	NNS	His scars gleamed in the moonlight .
va	NN	The sobbing came across clearly as she stopped talking .
va	NN	The torn muscle would have to be stitched , antibiotics administered , a bandage secured , but the horse would heal .
va	NNS	The wagons went into the garrisons , remained unseen while food was unloaded , and then came out not long after dawn .
va	NN	My assistant will make sure each arrives on time and leaves when you have completed your discussion with them . "
va	NN	In a short period of time the bath was ready .
va	NN	" So my Rosie 's not good enough for you , is that what you 're saying ? "
va	NNS	But starting at roughly age eight , when childhood 's second great era begins , the kinks begin to straighten out , one by one .
va	NNS	Carved angels in the Gatlin graveyard held on to every kind of flower , and some even held on to the gravestones like they were life vests .
va	NN	Confusion along with anticipation took hold inside her .
va	NN	But the booby trap that had been left to guard it still worked just fine . "
va	NN	The technology available to them was good .
va	NNS	Our conversations hadn 't really graduated beyond small talk about our families and the occasional insult , which wasn 't that surprising .
va	NN	The foreman waved and the robots jerked to life .
va	NN	The owner seemed genuinely disappointed .
va	NN	The gorilla charged him as he pulled away the silencer from the second tripod .
va	NN	Then any court in the world would consider this sexual entrapment .
va	NNS	The alphas cuffed Chain , holding him down by the silver chains that had once been his weapons .
va	NN	His headache , now a good deal worse than it had been upon landing Flight 7 , stepped up another notch .
va	NNS	Flashes of lightning sparked deep within the heart of an approaching thunderstorm .
va	NNS	The owners are on holiday in Greece , courtesy of him .
va	NN	Blue flame licked through the metal , and her heart fell to her toes .
va	NNS	The tiny hairs on my body rose .
va	NNS	Tears streamed down Annabelle 's face as she continued to pull uselessly at Devon 's arm .
va	NNS	He asks , feeling hopelessness wash over him .
va	NNS	New patients and new blood fill the halls of Sanctuary .
va	NNS	Wolf Eyes accepted it with a nod , and he pulled a long drag of the smoke .
va	NN	When Miss Jessie fetched me , the bank was full of people .
va	NNS	Relics from the Age of Unity , the pods relied on the Oneness as their sole power source .
va	NNS	Curios hollers breaking the silence .
va	NNS	Happiness had made Alcide a lot easier to read .
va	NN	His memorial gallery will soon move from New Orleans to Dallas , Texas , where he was born .
va	NN	This program succeeded in duplicating the inhabitants and stored their copies in a military server , immediately before your death .
va	NNS	Tears began streaming down my eyes as I looked into his eyes , desperate to find words to get him back to me .
va	NN	A stitch was forming in her side under her ribs , and she pushed her fingers up into it to try to dull the pain .
va	NN	But the main library was a long way off , and by the time he could get there and back , something might happen .
va	NNS	The tables and chairs were scratched and probably would have benefited from some scrubbing .
va	NNS	Hundreds of them gathered gazing up at him .
va	NNS	" My daughters are an entirely different story . "
va	NN	A surge of fury moved through him .
va	NN	The inn keeper shouted , adding to the mayhem .
va	NN	The manifestation didn 't surprise him .
va	NNS	There were gas pipes running beneath the tables and gas burners .
va	NNS	A spitting hiss drove him back .
va	NN	Nevertheless , Walter 's foundation was his only hope .
va	NN	The passage of the lights produced a weird shift in the shop 's illumination .
va	NN	" No cuff links and no French cuffs . "
va	NNS	Your assignments are pretty cut and dry so you should not need much direction to complete them .
va	NNS	Beyond that , layered wooden bookcases held carefully arranged canned goods .
va	NN	The ultimate payback would be to enjoy the company of another man where we 'd made memories together .
va	NNS	There are instructions on how to program them .
va	NN	His radio crackled again , and he started to leave the room but Claire stopped him .
va	NN	A middle-aged waitress approached our table .
va	NN	An immortal that was older than he , Thomas surmised , but couldn 't care less .
va	NN	A powerful gust of wind came from nowhere and blew a cloud of dust at him .
va	NN	" Tommy 's racing , though , isn 't he ? "
va	NNS	His intentions had been right , but the approach was hideously wrong .
va	NN	The monk nodded beside him .
va	NNS	The riders coming up the road were very near , a pair of strangers on horseback .
va	NN	This valley was the span of the largest of our islands on home world .
va	NNS	The cubs didn 't worry , but then they hadn 't drunk the Fae water .
va	NN	Her respect and love for him grew to new proportions .
va	NNS	Cass took an unconscious step forward and studied James .
va	NNS	My phone rings in my hand and I do not recognize the number .
va	NNS	Fifty bucks would 've been better than nothing . "
va	NN	An unexpected paranoia washed over me .
va	NN	Anything he touched seemed to reap huge returns so she just fit into that category of ' a good investment ' that others wanted in on .
va	NN	His Head Is Not Right . '
va	NN	The dresser was bare on top , except the layer of dust .
va	NNS	There were now sufficient forces remaining in Texas to afford only a single army , and Houston was determined to make the most of them .
va	NN	A bunch of people had .
va	NNS	The snowflakes increased in size and number , and their fumbling touch on her face made her think of wet cobwebs .
va	NN	Fury washed over Perry , though he wasn 't surprised .
va	NN	Once again , the salve started working its magic and Jeff 's pain started to fade .
va	NNS	Four kittens were exploring the room , climbing the furniture and playing with the curtains .
va	NNS	The implications were mind blowing .
va	NN	Any distraction from the success of the show was not welcome , particularly anything unpleasant centred on the star .
va	NNS	Quite frankly , your thunder thighs are a total buzz kill .
va	NNS	The crickets cried out inside the long grasses .
va	NNS	Yes , there were definitely flaws in my plan .
va	NNS	The flickers in the overhead lighting were getting longer and longer .
va	NN	But his easy recognition answered at least one of Maura 's questions .
va	NN	Despite the breeze , the passage was warm .
va	NNS	Hours pass and I 'm getting tired .
va	NN	" Now there 's the rub .
va	NN	The fog will clear in a minute . "
va	NN	The artwork was incredible , whether I liked tattoos or not .
va	NNS	Rundown houses passed them on the sides of the highway .
va	NN	Finally , exhaustion overcame him .
va	NNS	Sure enough , forty yards away , two tall and strapping paramedics were leaving the embassy .
va	NNS	As usual , there were no volunteers but Charlie followed his practice of waiting them out .
va	NNS	The once comforting roots of the tree now felt like they were strangling me , trying to tie me down , pull me into the ground .
va	NN	" As agreed I now submit myself to your judgment , " Gabriel somberly announced .
va	NNS	" There are national security implications to the project , though I won 't even know all of the details .
va	NNS	The snows had remained deep on the island throughout the winter , and the first signs of thaw didn 't come until late March .
va	NN	The clerk backed off .
va	NN	The vein on his forehead throbbed and sweat soaked his collar , while his heart pounded wildly .
va	NNS	Who knew , his intentions could be good , or bad in any case .
va	NN	" This outfit cut off every other avenue of personal expression !
va	NN	The great bird landed beside the boy .
va	NN	Her words sucker punched everything out of him , leaving him numb .
va	NNS	" Those birds will use anything handy to build their nests .
va	NNS	Chances were smoke trailed out of my ears as we walked .
va	NN	His confession hung in the air around us , making tears burn in my eyes .
va	NN	The furniture in the condo would belong to whoever bought it at a sidewalk sale .
va	NNS	His long , dark lashes fell on his white cheeks and his curls lay upon the pillow .
va	NN	Not a single strand of her blonde hair was out of place .
va	NNS	The remaining thugs ran for the vehicle .
va	NNS	Tears were streaming down Chloe 's face and she lost all her steam .
va	NNS	Tears streamed down her face as she watched the blackened ruin of a man finally crumple into a heap of flames .
va	NNS	There were sharp tire tracks in the mud .
va	NN	On the surface of the door was a large black handprint .
va	NN	Jake turned his head to the other side and saw his old friend , Billy , his gray police uniform splashed with mud .
va	NNS	Arms circled me from behind and pulled me back .
va	NN	Wouldn 't her first task be to turn him undead , now that she had him again ?
va	NNS	Fathers killed their own sons , all in the pursuit of greater power , all in the name of magic . "
va	NN	The management couldn 't have been happier about the publicity .
va	NN	As the button came loose in my hands , his manhood stood ready for me .
va	NN	Do not worry , little dancer , I am not after what some men might be after .
va	NNS	Just one caress , then he 'd leave .
va	NNS	The sixties and seventies hit this area hard .
va	NN	The blood pressure cuff buzzed and started to inflate .
va	NNS	When they cut it open , half a hundred birds burst forth to fly around the hall .
va	NNS	If any of them knew what the street cleaner was saying , their blank stares and gaping mouths gave no indication .
va	NN	However , dear reader , insects are nature 's victim .
va	NN	Standing back up I glared at my big friend , who looked back at me aghast ; his face pale and his hands shaking .
va	NNS	All the kingdoms of the west could go up in flames . '
va	NN	The gnome slumped over onto its back .
va	NN	The scale tipped a little to the right .
va	NNS	There was a stillness in me that had never been there before .
va	NNS	Days and weeks passed .
va	NN	A coworker recommended Ngorongoro Crater . "
va	NN	The frame has sunk far below my eye level , and I can only just make out the drill mechanism and flat platform .
va	NN	Her frown deepened , terror flashed through her eyes .
va	NN	The slipper tumbled away .
va	NN	The apprehension I 'd been holding began to lift as I imagined us destroying her forces and me summoning up storms that made the world tremble .
va	NNS	The dogs backed away .
va	NN	A herd of cattle ambled by on the other side of the fence , and two or three figures on horseback rode among them and around them .
va	NN	The scenery changed again .
va	NNS	The cups on this one sometimes shift out of place . "
va	NN	Failure broke my heart , and I felt myself falling to my knees and letting the swarm of infected take me next .
va	NNS	Two gold rings fell out , landing with a soft clink .
va	NNS	The tracks that I run on are like my hometown , only asphalt .
va	NNS	10 meters per second is kind of like jumping on to a moving train .
va	NNS	The puppies were sleeping and even the kittens had curled up for a nap .
va	NNS	But my heart pounds double time as I head for the big gray tent functioning as the clan hospital .
va	NN	The detective was using the nurses office to question people .
va	NNS	Cattle markets tend to fluctuate a lot , and some years , you don 't make much of anything .
va	NN	The same pistol he was holding in the cabin .
va	NNS	My brains must have been asleep .
va	NNS	Something horrific has happened , not just to her , but to all of us .
va	NNS	At first the excuses made sense .
va	NNS	" Miguel , all the dogs got back , right ? "
va	NN	The trod keeper shouted a protest and tried shutting the door again , but Puck wasn 't going anywhere .
va	NN	If we strike the wall and damage it , a clot may form about us and fix us there , or the white cells may respond . "
va	NN	In fact , each clue took them to different islands .
va	NNS	Billionaire grandchildren says my mother 's voice .
va	NNS	Fallen angels flooded into the Devil 's Handbag .
va	NNS	There are hundreds , and they have all been unsettled and suffocated by the huge structure .
va	NNS	The higher numbers had formed a line in front of the shuttles , weapons in hand but pointed at the ground .
va	NNS	The monsters weren 't banging on the door anymore .
va	NNS	The doctors had hopes he would be out within the next day , but Obi-Wan didn 't see a reason to risk his health .
va	NN	" Avalon , daydreaming about a beach and rum is not taking this slow ... It 's not really just seeing where this is headed either .
va	NNS	The two officers studied the map and made sure the axis of attack was clear .
va	NN	-- a bunny scampered out of their hats .
va	NN	Apparently the male speaker had noted the uncertainty as well .
va	NNS	Immediately the guests began speaking in frantic whispers .
va	NNS	' Even if Hal survives this operation , the doctors have warned that various complications can arise .
va	NN	Smoke billowed and the studio roof rained plaster .
va	NNS	" There are really seventeen portals to Hades ? "
va	NNS	Both sets opened up to a patio for her private use .
va	NN	Drake 's victim , or victims in this case , were two girls of no more than fifteen or sixteen .
va	NN	" There was a very handsome fairy who used to sneak me chocolate when he visited . "
va	NNS	Only the officers knew where the Empress was heading and what she was supposed to be carrying , and they had been ordered to tell no one .
va	NN	The gesture was one of tenderness and unspeakable warmth .
va	NN	A better English translation for karma might indeed be " volitional action . "
va	NNS	But dogs don ´ t do that .
va	NN	The dazzling blue expanse grew moment by moment wider around them ; Ransom could not look steadily at it .
va	NN	deep dive into what I hoped would be the world of his dreams .
va	NNS	The hundreds who ate flesh and blood were warriors when the need arose .
va	NNS	Even the aftershocks of the tagging stole my breath .
va	NN	The jury was still out on my sense of smell , although it might have increased a little .
va	NNS	' ... phones and , um ... ' ' Yes , sir .
va	NN	The radio squawked , " There 's a helicopter coming straight at us !
va	NN	A hollow ache filled her belly .
va	NNS	" Your dogs attacked me , and I did what I had to in order to survive . "
va	NNS	Spirits believed in the open door policy .
va	NNS	Like ... people 's guts spilling onto the ground and their heads getting chopped off ... if I don 't laugh , I 'll cry . "
va	NNS	Scratched tables , broken chairs , torn curtains .
va	NNS	Tears began to gather at the corners of her eyes .
va	NN	A gold tooth glinted as he smiled , trying to appease her .
va	NN	There were a total of eight seats in four rows of two .
va	NN	The band played on , two-minute blast followed by two-minute blast , until the set list was completed .
va	NN	Every muscle in her body tensed , not allowing her to move .
va	NNS	There are tweezers , needles , blades , lots of shiny silver stuff .
va	NN	Papa hadn 't called her ' Little Owl ' in years .
va	NNS	Tears pulsed past his closed eyes and slid down his face .
va	NN	With these thoughts , his chain vibrated softly against his neck and chest .
va	NNS	Four sharp claws scraped across his left cheek , breaking the skin .
va	NNS	Scores proceeded a full half mile outside the circle then pulled off onto the shoulder .
va	NN	As bizarre as it may sound to us as observers , this numerical fascination is one of the most frequent obsessions associated with this disorder .
va	NN	Confusion and panic moved in as the smile faded from my face .
va	NN	The deafening barrage covered the approach of her attacker from the kitchen area .
va	NN	His enthusiasm was infectious and she couldn 't help but smile weakly .
va	NNS	Unless you know what to look for , diamonds , sapphires , and emeralds appear to be no more than common pebbles .
va	NN	The landscape was not gentle and rol ing , but harsh and forbidding .
va	NN	' Peter 's journey also brought him to Earth .
va	NNS	The awkwardness of doing so would have been too damn excruciating .
va	NN	The caffeine wins , despite the fact that my affection for Six is slightly greater .
va	NN	What mischief brings you about ?
va	NNS	" No wives for Shifters , love .
va	NNS	Heavy curtains draped the far wall .
va	NNS	The two dogs warily approached me , sniffing my feet and my legs .
va	NNS	He leaned in , the angles of his face accentuated by the candlelight .
va	NN	Her patient today was Melanie , a young woman who was pregnant with her first child .
va	NN	If it makes you want to attend this little soiree more , your honey 's gon na be there . "
va	NN	There was another surge that sounded almost like a detonation , then another , and another .
va	NNS	" What are his injuries ?
va	NNS	What were my husbands worth ?
va	NN	Only everybody said that all the Lesser Demons were gone .
va	NNS	There were no cracks .
va	NNS	Beads of sweat form on my face .
va	NN	A snarl began to build low in his chest .
va	NN	Anything that could be important , or in any way relevant .
va	NN	I actually ache at the memory of entering her carefully , my erection protected in not one , but two condoms .
va	NNS	Our nobles have become greedy .
va	NNS	Tears sprang to my eyes as everyone sang " Happy Birthday , " and I blew out the candles .
va	NNS	Men , women , and children rushed past her .
va	NNS	The players glanced up , but they " d seen this before .
va	NNS	Her nearness was Heaven and Hell .
va	NN	Prime hunting ground for all sorts of demons .
va	NNS	Wolf Eyes took his scalp and left him for the vultures .
va	NN	The deadly bug latched onto their blood and cell structure that was cold and practically dead inside .
va	NNS	Why are my hormones only beginning to appreciate this tonight ?
va	NNS	Seconds passed , and seemed to last a century .
va	NN	Then a bearded professor with a receding hairline shuffles in .
va	NN	There 's a prayer I 've been neglecting for almost ten years now that I should 've been saying .
va	NNS	Men are men - titled or not .
va	NN	" Such incredible arrogance , and yet I love you .
va	NNS	Bullets whizzed by his face as Robinson turned and fired in return .
va	NN	The council suspected that Ken had been kidnapped although no concrete evidence had been found so far .
va	NN	A server bank sat along one wall , and Max had created a robotics station , with a table full of tools I 'd never seen before .
va	NNS	Hundreds of thousands of the rich and important people lived there for decades until their supplies ran out and forced them to come aboveground .
va	NNS	Nikolas bobbed up and down on his heels .
va	NN	" Just sugar , please . "
va	NNS	The owners fled to Denver with everyone else after the first bombs fell .
va	NN	, for heaven 's sake ! "
va	NN	Through the chain link fence were rows of shoddy new buildings , all whitewashed , all identical in shape and size .
va	NN	" What is a pirate ? "
va	NNS	And rest assured , the tricks of your livelihood are safe with me .
va	NN	Anything he refused to do would result in someone being hurt .
va	NNS	The demon 's claws sliced into Francisca 's forearm , drawing blood .
va	NN	Thankfully , her granny and Mr. Milton approached the bonfire .
va	NNS	Mild little snowflakes were falling around us .
va	NNS	26 Elena was waiting for them just outside the room .
va	NNS	The tracks were those of someone with a large size foot .
va	NN	A cloud of dust rose up from the far embankment .
va	NNS	After about an hour , our scouts returned to us .
va	NNS	No more secrets no more lie 's from now on . "
va	NNS	Tears filled Madeline 's eyes .
va	NNS	Tears stream down both cheeks .
va	NN	There was one final comment from the group just as we were about to disperse .
va	NN	However , just as the match was getting interesting the housekeeper turned up .
va	NN	The detective had given up time with his wife and children .
va	NN	The salon went silent .
va	NNS	" Well , the armed forces sometimes use bags like this , but they usually have Velcro flap covers as well as zip fasteners . "
va	NN	There was another deafening explosion and she had a vague impression of light and heat somewhere close to her .
va	NN	Momma 's homemade incense , smoldering in every corner of the parlor could not mask the foreign smell of other people 's lives .
va	NNS	" How did you fellows know ? "
va	NNS	" Ten million dollars , " he said , suppressing a sneer of disillusion .
va	NN	Not even gratification at seeing the men die a deserved second death .
va	NN	Was the battery dead ?
va	NN	Had anybody ever told her how hot she looked when she was pissed off ?
va	NNS	The hiss of steel being drawn stopped Ronan cold .
va	NNS	Between one and the infinite in cases such as these , there are no sensible numbers .
va	NN	" No harm befell you this time .
va	NN	The blue orb seemed to know where it was going , wherever that happened to be .
va	NNS	Tears began to leak out of the corners of her eyes , her chest so full she thought it would burst .
va	NNS	The bikers just looked at us and I was pretty sure I saw the fatter one sneer a bit .
va	NNS	There were many such shops around Circular Quay , catering for the same trade .
va	NNS	Therese stares at Tobias for a few seconds , then nods .
va	NN	There 's a little accusation in her voice .
va	NN	And that link of control wasn 't just exclusive to humans , either .
va	NN	The temptation to run her hands through his messy blond hair was almost too much to resist -- but she did .
va	NNS	The city sidewalks were at the bottom of canyons built of steel and brick .
va	NN	No underwear lay beneath , only skin .
va	NNS	Iain 's fists tightened as he fought back the bloodlust .
va	NN	Her mama nods , viewing the floor .
va	NN	That he 's the victim ?
va	NN	" Then how did the virus get here ? "
va	NN	A whole string of English carols followed , each one more exuberant than the other .
va	NN	" Not queen yet , Jonty , " I said .
va	NNS	Three extravagantly good deeds ... either he was high , or this was his idea of a joke .
va	NN	A misty cloud of air puffed out from between my lips as my stomach dropped .
va	NN	An interaction survey entitled Do We Need a School Uniform ?
va	NNS	Before Clint could hop over , the ambulance tops lit the playground up in red and moaned off into town .
va	NN	" Father Hummer , " Raven said anxiously .
va	NNS	Within every structured society or group there are acts of rebellion .
va	NNS	His bosses run the mage government , called " the Gambit . "
va	NN	The jewel in your hand brought you here .
va	NN	The handler is gliding me through the halls once again , like a continuation from last night , but this time our pace is slower .
va	NNS	Your highness , " she added quickly .
va	NNS	Some secrets are worth keeping .
va	NNS	The scratches weren 't that bad .
va	NNS	The Trio 's unusual quietness had unnerved Bri since leaving the Crux and setting foot upon the island .
va	NNS	" But those monsters ignored you .
va	NN	Looking out , the lookout held a commanding view of northern Idaho .
va	NN	The entire student section stood up and started screaming .
va	NNS	Carpathians must not be too close or they wouldn 't be using that forest to hold him .
va	NNS	The courses are more challenging than anywhere else I 've been .
va	NNS	Those bonds have been lonely for some time now . "
va	NN	His administration will be a living hell . "
va	NN	Why I can 't give up my quest no matter the temptation . "
va	NNS	There were rich Turkey carpets covering the floors , and tapestries on all the walls , though the tapestries had only geometric patterns .
va	NNS	The trunks reeked , flaking away like dead skin , and everywhere beneath each footfall lay a sharp crunch .
va	NNS	Our gazes clashed and held .
va	NNS	His employees were vigilant , and they turned troublemakers over to the militia .
va	NN	Even in the strong sunlight the landscape looked bleak .
va	NN	The carriage drew to a stop and the Prince emerged and helped the bride from the vehicle .
va	NN	Another hazard smothered over them all .
va	NN	The birds ' cries grew distant .
va	NNS	The doctors say he 'll be ready for duty again in two or three days .
va	NNS	The social events I attend with him are the most tedious things I have ever witnessed .
va	NNS	Internet news outlets carried blurbs about the Lost Van Gogh , and speculations soared in related chat rooms .
va	NNS	The doctors wanted to cut him up .
va	NN	And to top it off , my tote was sitting on the floor .
va	NN	Its height created a protective angle that shielded him from any bullets , so long as he stayed beyond the doorway .
va	NN	The following morning 's weather was as dismal as ever .
va	NN	Every sketch it contained made my heart ache with longing .
va	NNS	Intermittent sconces sent small half spheres of light glowing yellow-orange against the oiled , dark wood .
va	NN	The cook , who was very pregnant , wore a shapeless polyester dress with faded palm trees on it .
va	NN	The carriage rattled to a halt and he offered her a strained smile .
va	NNS	" Would you fellows care to join me in the library for a smoke and a brandy ? "
va	NN	The speaker was history .
va	NN	His hitting was recuperating , and his fastball was up into the eighties , but his control had suffered .
va	NN	Their bond had defied death , and he had never felt so humbled by anything before in all his days .
va	NNS	The partners were busier , but just as nice .
va	NNS	Her breasts heaved as she drew in a ragged breath .
va	NNS	There are riders , coming at night .
va	NNS	Hours went by as she practically interrogated him in-between her mom checking in on them .
va	NNS	Several leather chairs sat before a large cherry oak desk .
va	NN	There was a dull ache in my left elbow and my buttocks .
va	NN	The whip slithered away , freeing Clary 's arm .
va	NN	The bond that forms between them in the aftermath of Alec 's rescue is one of fierce passion , though lacking in trust .
va	NN	The little traitor shrugged and sipped her coffee .
va	NNS	The lawyers surrounded the widows and offered quiet words and embraces .
va	NNS	The playground 's bright reds and blues had faded into orange tints of rust and dust .
va	NNS	Men will die like prisoners before the fountains on a day of execution . "
va	NN	Oh , Stacy ... The only other item in the box was a Miles Davis CD that Olivia had loaned Stacy .
va	NN	Not a trace of trouble , other than the usual bullshit perpetrated by mankind against its brothers .
va	NN	But there was no trace of the all-out agitation and anger he 'd once experienced , when his work had been the central thing in his life .
va	NN	Another rip and a second piece of cloth bound his wrists in front of him .
va	NN	A blackout was in effect and most lights were out , but not all .
va	NNS	' If you protest tomorrow , hundreds will die .
va	NN	This time Hannah was aware of a need to speak .
va	NN	Stalker glided down the ladder with the grace that made him such a phenomenal fighter at close range .
va	NN	The motorcycle is yours ? "
va	NNS	Gods knew she 'd had plenty of practice .
va	NNS	To reward him , Gwen 's motions became faster .
va	NNS	My toes curled behind his back as he drove into me again and again and again .
va	NNS	The first two maids tumbled out quickly , but when it was Tess 's turn to alight , a freakish accident occurred .
va	NN	The bedside locker was empty .
va	NN	In Jesus name we pray , amen . "
va	NN	The foreman turned to one of the men working nearby .
va	NN	And your yearning is for this earth and these vines .
va	NNS	Then the implications of that single word hit her , and she jerked upright .
va	NNS	Wolf Eyes gathered up his project , stood up and walked in a slow , tall motion to his house .
va	NNS	Tears stung Harriet 's eyes as she remembered the promise Allan had given her two years ago , before he 'd left .
va	NN	The prospect of it made this chaos of packing and moving seem worthwhile .
va	NNS	Tears prick my eyes , and I inhale deeply , willing them back .
va	NNS	Their numbers could be infinite .
va	NN	No spring , not one , still flows .
va	NNS	Amos reached out and wiped tears from his wife 's face .
va	NN	" The whole military is here .
va	NN	After debating the merits and deficiencies of each value meal , Budda 's sweet tooth won out .
va	NNS	But Berna 's balled fists made it clear she 'd had words in the hopper .
va	NNS	" So those bastards might be coming about to finish us off ? "
va	NNS	Tears fall onto the picture in my hands , so I wipe them off and place the pictures in Holder 's hands .
va	NNS	There were two staircases going up to the second floor .
va	NN	Another apology seems futile , so I hunch my shoulders , misery draping me like a shroud .
va	NNS	The players tend to team up . "
va	NN	Gran 's blatant matchmaking was galling .
va	NNS	No selfishness or insecurity kept him from seeing the full extent of her goodness , as it so often does with the rest of us .
va	NN	The punch landed at the tip of my jaw as my teeth clamped down on my tongue bringing blood into my mouth .
va	NNS	Though he tried to put the idea out of his mind , the pigeons kept returning , night after night , to whisper it in his ear .
va	NN	The wizard slowly walked toward him and was grinning evilly .
va	NN	Before long the carriage clattered through the gates , and a footman helped them down .
va	NN	Fury shot through me .
va	NN	" Mae ... " " There was an explosion , " she said , in a surprised voice .
va	NNS	The balls start flying again , and one knocks me off the platform .
va	NNS	A few pedestrians stared , suddenly I was the nuisance .
va	NNS	Tears filled her eyes as she told Justin goodbye and watched him be driven away .
va	NNS	Oliver took in my tight , balled fists , my stiff shoulders , my narrowed eyes , my flushed face .
va	NN	Azalea very happily made her way down to her room but got just a little bit upset when she realized that the mutt wasn 't there .
va	NN	The outfit left very little of the muscle mass underneath to the imagination .
va	NN	The ratty clothes ? "
va	NNS	The crowds flowed and began to bump and shift into Ash .
va	NN	One incident in the course of their dramatic attempts impressed Rex as a sign of her sensitivity which he could not have foreseen .
va	NN	What in the name of God is this strategy of yours ?
va	NN	" Rise and shine , " he whispers , now close to my ear .
va	NNS	Sabine glances at the scene he draws of Alton on his knees , then takes a seat at the other end of the table .
va	NN	But an explosion and the screams of dying men were the only reply the Sudanese man ever got .
va	NN	A spear of brilliant light pierced the darkness .
va	NN	His comment took all the wind out of her .
va	NN	The statue was Egyptian .
va	NNS	Tears were on her cheeks , but she wasn 't going to scream anymore .
va	NN	Talk about jumping to erroneous conclusions ... She 'd taken a dive into the Mariana Trench .
va	NNS	All the houses were empty and the few cars left on the street had all the gas siphoned out of them . "
va	NNS	The rudeness of it was infuriating .
va	NN	An electrifying jolt almost ripped her in two .
va	NN	" Yes , we thought something like that would be a good idea , " said the god .
va	NNS	Men shouted and cursed and were drowned out by roars that made Eliza whimper .
va	NN	This invitation is like a wormed hook to a trout .
va	NN	A tortured cry escaped from her , a wrenching agony tore through her shoulder as a loud pop filled the air .
va	NNS	Tears stung her eyes .
va	NNS	The four missiles collided and detonated together , flames billowing backwards in the air .
va	NN	Ace the lawyer let out a long sigh and waited almost ten whole seconds before speaking again .
va	NNS	The lawyers were probably in the back , near the coffee machine , telling jokes and preparing for battle .
va	NNS	" Simple , the chop shops were paying a percentage of their sales directly to the upper accounts on the List .
va	NNS	There were the thugs , of course , but Antonia hadn 't come across any of them yet .
va	NNS	Whatever remnants of resistance Gregor had melted away with that word .
va	NN	The spray of missiles streaked down , impacting in deadly explosions that killed both man and Marsh creature alike .
va	NN	" The stream is right at the edge of the clearing . "
va	NNS	Abbas had simply blinked in the darkness , then turned over in his bed .
va	NN	So long as the wrinkles come out of this shirt , there 's no harm done . "
va	NN	A blast rocked the shuttle and I stumbled , grasping at the wall for support .
va	NN	The tobacco tasted sour in his mouth , and he still felt too worn out to care .
va	NNS	There are no wounds on her . "
va	NNS	Amin 's roles also included the Godfather to his son , Mostafa 's personal driver , and the protector for the entire family .
va	NNS	Nikolas stood to his feet .
va	NNS	Yellow wildflowers bloomed along the edge and swarms of white butterflies formed a moving carpet .
va	NNS	Those rebels would have obeyed rather than running off like a silly flock of startled birds .
va	NNS	What tricks have the ancients come up with to shield their souls from us ? "
va	NN	In a day or so , the timid shapeshifter would be dead and Dawn would be on her way to Canada in wolf form .
va	NNS	Instead these huge creations were the result of relatively simple rules that the individual termites followed in relation to one another .
va	NN	Because of the prestige of the reporting scientist , this result quickly became scientific gospel .
va	NNS	Today all kinds of papers and a laptop computer covered the table .
va	NNS	My wounds are more psychological than physical .
va	NNS	There are prizes to be won , and from what I hear , I should think you can take up anything you like .
va	NN	The envelope went into my pocket .
va	NN	The hunting 's easier for them when they can hide behind trees . "
va	NN	Angel 's attitude lasted all day , after a hunt , she would bounce around and bug me to train with her .
va	NNS	" The Keepers always think they can force otherworldly creatures to stay out of the Human World .
va	NNS	His fangs fell to the floor and turned to dust .
va	NNS	Our computer models know to expect you .
va	NNS	Bones thought about the question , and not just because he knew his life might hinge on his answer .
va	NNS	" Sometimes there are more hotel guests coming in from St. Thomas than usual . "
va	NN	The assistant presses the intercom button and speaks into it .
va	NNS	Dining room tables generally get knocked around , setting dishes on top of it and what not .
va	NNS	Books , manuscripts , and maps , along with stacked file boxes , covered the surface of the conference table .
va	NN	The teen had reentered the hall when Luther turned around .
va	NNS	" Great beings know best , and all that stuff ?
va	NN	Every generation prays that the mighty king and golden queen will reign during their time on this earth .
va	NN	" We don 't have time , Mr. President , " the minister of defense boldly insisted .
va	NN	At least his apology seemed to have been accepted .
va	NN	The horde had arrived , encircling Salvation like a dark cloud .
va	NNS	Bodies tangled wildly in front of her on the dance floor .
va	NNS	Those ships had been lying in wait for her .
va	NN	Confusion once more swirled through her mind .
va	NN	The gunslinger let loose of the handle and drew .
va	NN	Besides , there 's the Lord Ruler 's comment .
va	NNS	Besides , the raiders only hit the outer farmsteads .
va	NNS	Warning the crowd to stand back , the paramedics applied the paddles .
va	NNS	Petty tricks are one thing , but you ever try to escape , and I will hunt you down like the abomination you are . "
va	NNS	" All refreshments are available . "
va	NN	" Very possibly , " the bird agreed .
va	NNS	Her tangible sadness caught his breath .
va	NN	The fabric of the jeans scraped over my legs as he tugged them away and the cool air of the bedroom brushed against my overheated skin .
va	NNS	The dogs rushed him , and he rose to his knees , spilling golden light from his hands .
va	NN	" Don 't , " Gabriel spat , bordering on pleading .
va	NN	The volume from the bustling kitchen faded to a dull roar as Desjardins closed the cellar door behind him .
va	NN	A smirk graced his lips .
va	NN	Immediately , the intensity of everyone 's gaze on her pressed against her awareness and a deeper reality sank in .
va	NN	The defiance gave me the strength to work towards a way out .
va	NN	But your grief stands between us .
va	NNS	How many Alzheimer 's folks can do that ?
va	NN	The library was in the other direction , and Anna finally realized Rachel should have gone the other way .
va	NN	The butler nodded , looking into space .
va	NN	um , need to make a doctor 's appointment .
va	NN	One long dive took me through the window and sent me crashing to the platform below in a hail of shattered glass .
va	NNS	Months have gone by since she had been captured and then sold to the English ; imprisoned in cold harsh conditions within their castle walls .
va	NNS	Men screamed and smoke poured from several of the abandoned apartment buildings .
va	NNS	" Such manners , " quipped Salvatore .
va	NN	A lifetime of memories sent a shiver down his spine as he took one last look at her innocent face before pulling the trigger .
va	NNS	There were huge cracks in the floor with monstrous , mutant bugs crawling out .
va	NNS	Where are my cigars , woman ? "
va	NNS	His son Nikolas went on to marry a great beauty called Aleksandra .
va	NN	The last straw came when we were on the scoring stage , recording the music for the first show .
va	NN	" This cloud is mine , and I demand the return of my robe . "
va	NNS	Tears came to Maddy 's eyes .
va	NNS	There are parts of this puzzle that seem connected , although I have no proof of how yet . "
va	NN	" There 's no link between this and that . "
va	NNS	The claws had looked pointy and sharp , but they were jagged like serrated knives , and they tore at flesh instead of slicing through it .
va	NNS	Tears ran unabashedly down my cheeks as I sobbed on the ground , holding my cat .
va	NNS	* * * There were only two patients in the infirmary ward .
va	NN	The softness of her face before her expression turned guarded had his heart slamming hard against his rib cage .
va	NNS	" There are no tracks . "
va	NN	His enthusiasm soon faded .
va	NN	The eagle tattoo looked exactly the same , but now there was a scar from the bullet wound above the eagle 's head .
va	NN	" Did chief let her look at it ? "
va	NNS	Tears filled Aria 's eyes .
va	NNS	By then the lovebirds had gone up to their room .
va	NNS	Your wounds have healed but the poison is another problem . "
va	NN	Our quest continues , even though I believe it 's doomed and we won 't make the tunnel in time .
va	NN	The slap made up her mind .
va	NNS	And my officers said you were unresponsive .
va	NNS	Lars offered , " But your observation about South America was what convinced me . "
va	NN	" Things were going very well until his wife showed up , " she blurted out , a wry smile on her face .
va	NNS	Nikolas tried to grip the ragged paper .
va	NN	" No belt , " I said .
va	NNS	Days pass and the captain appears increasingly troubled .
va	NN	There 's a planet on the outer rim that I 'm interested in ... acquiring .
va	NNS	Men and women often meet and form an opinion on the looks and personality of each other .
va	NN	The only alternative in Canada is Vancouver or Montreal .
va	NN	The blond Valkyrie stared at me , her fingers drumming on the white linen tablecloth and shooting pink sparks of magic everywhere .
va	NNS	Trick 's voice rings loudly in the tunnel .
va	NN	A New York Times ' reporter named Katelyn Fox uncovered his murderous spree .
va	NN	" DNA testing was thirty-five years away .
va	NNS	Three contractors stood outside the door waiting for her to unlock it .
va	NNS	Lords and ladies alike exclaimed over Yves ' voyage , his bravery , his triumph over the dangerous monsters .
va	NN	Talk to me , " Rush pleaded .
va	NNS	Tears slid down her cheeks .
va	NNS	In the growing darkness , crowds of people -- families and friends , young and old -- had begun pouring into the village square in waves .
va	NN	" What 's your price for staying with me ?
va	NN	Like this world , but the destruction was newer .
va	NNS	" Come for me , lass , " he rasped , then gently suckled her clitoris , his strong tongue flicking over it .
va	NNS	But from the beginning , his dealings with Juliette had been different .
va	NN	My motorcycle ... broke down a mile or two back . "
va	NNS	Iron pins secured the cuffs so that a hammer would be required to put them on or remove them later .
va	NNS	Men should be falling at your feet . "
va	NNS	Dozens of absurd faces from mummies to princesses to demons .
va	NNS	The chairs were plush red velvet with elaborate gold encrusted detail on them .
va	NN	The first comment was outrageous but the second just floored her .
va	NN	Her childlike enthusiasm was contagious .
va	NNS	There were fresh scratches on the back .
va	NNS	Chances were good that she was right , but that didn 't mean it was the only reason .
va	NNS	The other agents in the room all seemed to be scrambling to gather their belongings ready to disembark in a half a dozen directions .
va	NNS	Well , did you also plan on those psycho vampire hunters finding her ? "
va	NN	" Couple of months , " he said .
va	NNS	Reboots streamed down the stairs , running and jumping and laughing .
va	NN	The lowest branch on the tree she 'd chosen was low enough that she could hook her arms over it , which she did at once .
va	NN	Self loathing can do a number on your self esteem and I was still working on that .
va	NN	" She is Long zen ... yah , " the gnome muttered , looking up into the trees .
va	NN	A sleeveless blouse and skirt were probably the worst things she could 've worn .
va	NN	The agency Simon was dealing with was the top one in the city , known for representing the absolute best in nannies .
va	NN	His erection pressed against her , nudging the tight bundle of nerves that screamed for attention and relief .
va	NNS	Two dogs copulating in broad daylight in public must be extremely difficult to miss . '
va	NN	Dane frowned in concentration , " Late morning , must have been about eleven . "
va	NN	But public scrutiny intensified and she spiraled further into dangerous territory .
va	NNS	There are tables and chairs on the left side of the room , and a group of people with musical instruments on the right side .
va	NN	A young , clean-shaven reporter stood in front of Tate Hausman 's building .
va	NNS	White scars , old friends all , showed against his tanned skin .
va	NN	" My pop says that I 'm just giving the competition a fighting chance .
va	NN	One fingernail lengthened into a sharp talon .
va	NNS	One e-mail incoming with the address for the samples we discussed to go out to .
va	NN	" Leave it to me , Colonel , " replied ' Dusty ' , cheekily .
va	NN	My invitation must have got lost in the post . '
va	NN	The performance is in less than two weeks ! "
va	NN	A buzzer sounded and the nurse answered a small electronic beeper .
va	NNS	Guys like him , beautiful football players with reputation to uphold , didn 't normally bother with girls like me .
va	NN	Finally , at the strength of the Purple Dusk Jewel , the print was barely discernible .
va	NN	Plus , the barn has secret rooms behind the stalls .
va	NN	There 's an outcropping of stalagmites nearby , which tells me this is a natural cave .
va	NN	The reporter nodded as he disappeared into the shadows the campus lights traced on the ground .
va	NNS	Cold beads of sweat ran down my forehead and I was shivering , gagging for breath between shrieks .
va	NN	Without warning , the shark turned his attention to Gael , charging him and slamming into the side of the cage .
va	NNS	Her brides ' maids followed close behind .
va	NNS	What if the cops showed up at her door tomorrow ?
va	NN	The post was late .
va	NNS	Two could play at this game and now that he had established that he wasn 't going to play fair , her options were unlimited .
va	NN	With a stiff half bow , the butler disappeared with the coats and wine .
va	NNS	The tubes are almost twice as long as Daniel 's cannon and have a small chamber on the back . "
va	NNS	Brick and steel structures ran around the large room that was lit by buzzing yellow fluorescents .
va	NN	" Yes , the Queen has been good to me , and I am of good spirits . "
va	NNS	But those roots are the very reason that you ought to stay on for a while yet .
va	NN	The curse covers the entire property , not just the house .
va	NNS	The two treasure dogs from before were still chasing me viciously .
va	NN	The blond tiger sneered as he saw Lysander 's unorthodox appearance .
va	NN	The bench was a hundred feet or more from the pump station , but he still picked up an occasional whiff of the decaying possum carcass .
va	NNS	Tears blurred his vision .
va	NNS	Around fifteen of my fellow sailors are knelt upon the ground with their hands on their heads .
va	NNS	The stamps were really working .
va	NNS	His doctors openly attributed his condition to a miracle .
va	NNS	The kittens ran over to greet her , and she nuzzled each of them .
va	NNS	" Good old Brent was a free kill .
va	NNS	Other EOD agents had given her false names before .
va	NNS	If Beverly had informed on him , the cops would beat him to his house .
va	NN	The new and improved version of you knows how to keep her man happy , since he 's loved me the entire time . "
va	NN	There was an audible whimper from Brother Maxwell .
va	NNS	The vibrations traveled through my veins , and my very arms trembled at his strikes .
va	NN	A trial will jeopardize Hannah 's mental health and that 's what we 're concerned about .
va	NN	The explosion was that loud .
va	NNS	There are always many , many choices , and each tiny choice affects not only your life but the lives of the people around you . "
va	NN	" Mama wasn 't my real mama , of course .
va	NNS	Typical Maine tourist trinkets adorned shelves and tabletops .
va	NN	His sleeping bird then started to tip right off his shoulder .
va	NN	" This next activity will require teamwork . "
va	NNS	Days of brushing against each other , eyes filled with desire .
va	NNS	The howling cables had increased in pitch , and the NASA staff was nervously milling and chatting rather than going to sleep .
va	NN	Callum 's queen cried not because he was going to battle ( entirely ) .
va	NN	The radio had been silent ever since they had left Andrews .
va	NNS	Since the church was now overflowing with injured , the military engineers had set up tents outside for showers and latrines .
va	NNS	Tears filled her eyes .
va	NN	The derelict was doing them a favour , and he had a primal fear of the price fate would exact .
va	NNS	A few nasty comments burrowed into my eardrums as I walked out of the tunnel and into the night air .
va	NNS	Receiving gifts from loved ones is just one way it comes to fruition .
va	NNS	Were celebrities as stuck up in real life as they were in the movies ?
va	NNS	Our main duties are to infiltrate and report our findings .
va	NN	My gut clenched at the mention of the next name .
va	NN	Law enforcement was all he ever desired , and I didn 't want him to lose that .
va	NNS	The doctors will figure out what 's wrong . "
va	NN	Bruce sighed , and then reached down , pul ing a rather large hunting knife from a holster .
va	NN	Every rescue worker knows it .
va	NN	A pirate in his human life , the immortal vampire slayer still retained much of his old look .
va	NNS	Hundreds of cats waited to receive their Purr Dot .
va	NN	His enthusiasm accorded so well with her plans , and besides , it would not be possible for her to wear the gown when she married Dean .
va	NN	Somewhere in the house a kettle screamed .
va	NN	The simple curse brought a smile to his heart .
va	NN	" There is a statue in one of the hallways I 'd like removed . "
va	NN	" Anything , Daddy , you know that . "
va	NNS	For the Christians and the Jews did not participate in the city 's celebrations .
va	NNS	Samantha 's sins were buried so deep , not even her connections could find them .
va	NNS	His gestures say everything .
va	NNS	The clones had seemed peaceful enough .
va	NN	A slovenly looking youth in jeans and a dirty T-Shirt opened the door .
va	NN	" Well , the ice shell flows like a glacier from the equator to the poles . "
va	NN	The irony seemed lost on the girl as she wandered among the retirees .
va	NNS	There are repercussions to everything you do .
va	NNS	The sharp needles and dried grass tore at the skin on her palms .
va	NN	The collective unconscious is in all of us .
va	NN	Beneath them , the piles of ash and tinder that were once homes blended with the asphalt roads and parking lots .
va	NNS	The two previous events whirled around John 's head as he tried to find the logically correct explanation connecting the peculiar events .
va	NN	The ticking of the clock in its tower , unnoticeable at midday , now seemed to echo off the buildings .
va	NN	How will anybody know !
va	NN	One more concentrated punch to the belly and the beast opened up .
va	NNS	Seconds later Adam sat before her on the opposite side of her booth .
va	NN	The reporter points a finger at Max and says , " Thanks a lot . "
va	NN	The series of storms was just getting started , bringing in winter with a vengeance , but it did nothing to cool the raging heat between them .
va	NN	The farmland is lush and green , though I can 't tell just what 's growing .
va	NNS	Unlike vampires who only needed human blood to live , gargoyles had to consume both flesh and blood to survive .
va	NN	The clerk looked visibly relieved as Bax finished up and paid to send the wire .
va	NNS	She held her chest out , her breasts pressed against the fabric as it melded to the contours of her body .
va	NN	" Hmm ... " " A psychopath will usually hold a job below his intellectual level , which fuels his anger , " he continued .
va	NN	The bartender worked the oars in opposite directions and turned the boat around .
va	NN	The landscape was to haphazard to risk teleportation , and he was unfamiliar with his destination as well .
va	NNS	The brownies were everywhere .
va	NNS	Bullets and bombs will go right through your mist . "
va	NNS	We robots are conscious , we are active , we are functional .
va	NN	Instead , the cloud returned day after day .
va	NNS	His loose sleeves flapped open to reveal thin and bony arms hidden inside .
va	NNS	Tears filled Laurel 's eyes .
va	NN	A shiver of awareness flowed through him , bright and insistent .
va	NN	As they reached the lip of the hollow , mud changed into grass under foot and the footprints disappeared .
va	NNS	But the holidays are over and I can 't stop thinking about it , either . "
va	NNS	Eyes made of stone , accusing me silently , stared me down , daring me to deny it .
va	NN	Another longer bounce finally set them free , climbing slowly into the mist .
va	NNS	More cracks shot through the ice .
va	NN	The innuendo in her voice only turned the knife in his chest .
va	NN	The drizzle was still present and ongoing .
va	NN	The assistant then walked to the other end of the counter and started to leaf through a magazine .
va	NNS	Tears filled her eyes , and then Rusty was hugging her , holding on tight as Rachel fought the wave of emotion engulfing her .
va	NNS	The glass spheres could contain even more heat for their size than the first generation of stones could , and they were far easier to make .
va	NN	Then a bunch of starving children in Bangladesh don 't have to . "
va	NNS	Seconds went by and then Goulet spoke again .
va	NN	The unexpected volume of the cheering was what caught his attention and made him turn .
va	NN	The passage from Revelation 8 says that the asteroid that hits the earth will be called " Wormwood " .
va	NN	Somewhat weakly she said , ' I-I 'll think about it . '
va	NNS	Vast beds of brightly colored flowers lined long lanes of meticulously tended grass .
va	NNS	As she walks forward , the tiny mirrors match the sand at her feet , until they flair with color .
va	NN	The officer 's good humor dried up quickly .
va	NNS	Do the NBA owners and players care about their fans ?
va	NNS	Or were other forces at work , such as the NSA or Homeland Security ?
va	NNS	Now , no more arguments , it suits you and you shall have it . "
va	NN	The waitress came over with a wet towel and wiped the table down .
va	NNS	The animal control officers have made their way to the upper pasture where the 150 head of sheep are being held .
va	NNS	Men never could do what they were told .
va	NNS	The beasts were bigger than the ones that came after them .
va	NN	" The menu is in French ? "
va	NNS	Yours isn 't so bad so that 's not an issue .
va	NN	The portrait Josie painted was turning out exactly as he 'd feared .
va	NNS	Andris is back , so I thought I 'd give you a heads up . "
va	NNS	Chapter Thirty-One Days pass .
va	NNS	The techs gathered up the functioning gear and were quickly herded out to a nearby location .
va	NN	That freedom meant a lot to Claire .
va	NNS	" His lawyers will want to go down that path because the evidence in the folders was damning . "
va	NN	" What 's our first lesson ?
va	NN	' One egg or two , Harry ? '
va	NNS	Men and women sat at the various tables , enjoying their food .
va	NN	His vest had a watch chain .
va	NNS	" The dangers of the passages to and from here .
va	NNS	The dogs sniffed the tree and barked loudly .
va	NNS	The canoes are already at the river . "
va	NNS	And blackness overwhelmed me .
va	NN	The capsule was on the floor and the baby laid out on the bunny rug which had been spread across the desk .
va	NNS	Her folks are not sure she should be marrying a mountain man . "
va	NN	The theater included a glass studio where a team of artists blew and cast glass .
va	NN	There is a glaring star of sun bouncing off the video camera and Kenny is squinting , so I get up and reposition the tripod .
va	NN	His stubble was much rougher this morning , his hair sticking up crazily , giving him an even more rugged look than he 'd sported yesterday .
va	NN	Selena was once again on the bed , the envelope now open in her hands .
va	NNS	The skulls and arm bones cool quickly then morph into black dust .
va	NN	Their creeping slowed to a crawl .
va	NN	Where 's winter ? "
va	NNS	Shifters refer to soulmates as our fated mate and we find them by their scent .
va	NN	That bird could have killed you . "
va	NN	There was the green picket fence , just like I remembered it .
va	NN	The loud crunch of the tires echoed through the open window .
va	NNS	The five gods of fury have nothing on Hai Hai when she 's of a mind to hurt someone . "
va	NNS	Without warning , snowflakes fluttered down from the sky and I could feel them melt down the back of my neck .
va	NNS	These numbers are totally inadequate to maintain our military forces . "
va	NN	The Emperor , who had listened carefully , said , " But doesn 't that mean that you have shown how to predict the future ? "
va	NNS	Although it was dark , the overhead lamps provided steady streams of light in all directions .
va	NNS	Was she imagining him ?
va	NN	The stress and strain of wanting to save her from going through it at the same time knowing she needs to plays havoc with one 's mind .
va	NNS	Those meds were still doing a number on him , and Zane wasn 't quite sure what to do .
va	NNS	The headlights on the truck burned brightly as it backed out of the driveway .
va	NNS	The deeply embedded U-shaped tracks quickly begin to disappear , the sand erasing their existence with ease .
va	NNS	He wore a dusty gray shirt , sleeves rolled up to his elbows , dark gray britches and sandals .
va	NN	The local classified 's flyer was no match for the riddle plaguing him .
va	NN	the gunman asked , taking a few steps closer and waving the gun toward Grady .
va	NN	Auron 's left cheek bruised purple .
va	NNS	His hormones could cost him focus in finding her child .
va	NNS	Dozens of Ravens reflected on and on .
va	NN	Finally her muscles loosened and exhaustion claimed her .
va	NNS	All the fast songs while everyone around us is free to have fun .
va	NNS	Eris slowly reached out and let Zook take her left hand in his .
va	NN	Perhaps her major hadn 't been the most practical : she 'd studied English .
va	NNS	Already , there were small beads of sweat on his brow and upper lip .
va	NNS	Seconds later , at least a dozen soldiers appeared , spears pointing at the three young newcomers .
va	NNS	The house mirrors gave me back a face faded almost grey from stress , the skin around my eyes drawn painfully .
va	NN	" Your screeching is going to make me hit someone ! "
va	NNS	When he looked back , the two hunters had vanished .
va	NN	Then the Queen closed her eyes ; you must help him because I will not always be here .
va	NN	The errand from which I have just returned is one out of legend .
va	NNS	The caress was divine and wicked at once , making her shiver with delighted apprehension .
va	NNS	The monsters didn 't know that this thing they 'd captured knew how to be a monster too !
va	NNS	Tears would have fallen from my eyes had I been in control of them .
va	NNS	The cubs seemed to be able to walk the ley lines without spells , and she knew where they 'd found the stuff .
va	NN	Suddenly , the radio sounded .
va	NN	The cook was probably the loudest , but he was getting serious competition from the two men checking the rooms upstairs .
va	NN	What the fuck is up with that ? "
va	NNS	Thick , sooty lashes hid his eyes .
va	NN	There was a soft crackle and then the voice of Mary Pearson , " Negative , you are the only soul flying this early in the morning .
va	NN	" My temper is none of your concern . "
va	NNS	There was a deep sadness in his ice blue eyes as he turned his attention back to Cassie , careful not to touch her as he moved .
va	NNS	Shifters might say they didn 't believe they still needed a magic sword , but Guardians had been around for centuries .
va	NNS	The hairs at the nape of his neck tickle .
va	NNS	What honors have I earned ?
va	NNS	" What are the benefits of being friends with us ? "
va	NNS	Her palms tingled in anticipation of touching him .
va	NNS	Abbas wheeled , screaming at the archers along the rampart behind him , ordering them to cut down the defectors .
va	NNS	The lenses were solid black plastic .
va	NN	The link not only allowed for communication ; taken to its extreme , it allowed the ability to control another person completely .
va	NNS	Bones didn 't say anything .
va	NNS	With a closed market , bankrupt farmers quit planting grain and the mid-west breadbasket land lay fallow with only weeds to hold the loose soil in place .
va	NNS	Four pans of fresh lasagna lined the counter .
va	NN	And the allure of those full , soft lips was more than he could resist .
va	NNS	Cronus had worn the garment for centuries and now felt most comfortable in it .
va	NNS	The refugees weren 't that hostile to her .
va	NN	The president pointed to the page .
va	NNS	She shifted around until she was sitting beside him , their thighs pressed together .
va	NNS	The disturbing noises of Cranks lingered in the distance .
va	NN	" Left here , " The radio squawked .
va	NNS	Arranged marriages for teenagers are a good thing . "
va	NNS	Both angels raised their hands and fiery swords appeared .
va	NN	Then the mage had adopted him as his son , since he had never married and consequently had no family of his own .
va	NN	Still , there was that red-haired witch at Cassandra 's Altar who was asking about him , and she did owe him .
va	NNS	Its desires were hazy .
va	NNS	The attackers had known what to expect .
va	NNS	Tears spilled from her eyes , eyes that were full of hurt and confusion .
va	NN	Eyes were wide , pulses racing , bodies shivering with fear .
va	NN	Fear and popularity go hand in hand , " a soft , feminine voice whispered in my ear .
va	NNS	The tattoos on his forearm were sexy !
va	NN	Every estate was on a massive plot of land .
va	NNS	" The circumstances were right . "
va	NNS	" But secrets have their own weight , and it can be a very heavy one . "
va	NNS	Tears swelled in my eyes .
va	NN	A splash of mud on its gleaming wing was an affront , like a smudge of lipstick on a fashionably decadent model in a photo shoot .
va	NN	The owner explained as he unlocked doors that it was a slow time of the year at the Beachcomber Inn .
va	NN	Soccer , little league , some kind of martial arts classes , guitar lessons and so on . "
va	NN	A climax slammed into her .
va	NNS	The side yards unnerved him more than anything .
va	NN	The background he examined suddenly become obvious .
va	NNS	The uses are unlimited and amazing .
va	NNS	Dante stares at him silently for a moment with daggers in his eyes .
va	NNS	A few birds fluttered back and forth in the branches , softly chirping to each other .
va	NNS	" My superiors should be here soon . "
va	NNS	Or were formal dances not cool ?
va	NN	I 'll send Hess with them , " the Were agreed .
va	NNS	Chances were he 'd be gone by morning .
va	NNS	The poems were good .
va	NNS	His mannerisms suggested he wasn 't impressed , but his eyes betrayed his true feelings .
va	NN	The gunman didn 't .
va	NNS	There were three employees who worked in the kitchen .
va	NN	" What 's the punishment for these evil things I supposedly did ? "
va	NN	Down below , a large calm lake lay under the eastern slope of the forest .
va	NNS	The bracelets on her wrists glittered more brightly .
va	NN	" Your input was desired , but the Chief Justices moved forward without it when you could not be reached .
va	NN	" You 're gon na pull something , " the gnome said .
va	NNS	The faeries were off to one end of the ballroom by themselves , doing some elaborate dance that looked like something out of Elizabethan England .
va	NNS	The headlights winked out .
va	NNS	His stables are full of horses .
va	NNS	There are two officers with Mari , walking her out to the car .
va	NN	Cole 's lawyer told me not to lie on the stand and I 'm not .
va	NN	The military had people trained for that sort of heavy duty response .
va	NN	Or some bullshit like that .
va	NNS	Two thin claws shot from her fingertips , illuminated by the light from the orb .
va	NN	Darkness threatened to close in on me at any moment .
va	NN	Whether this man was Steve or not , a pity so acute it was painful filled her .
va	NNS	England always loses at football , it always rains on your birthday and the office of Dr Veronica Davies will always be perfectly tidy .
va	NNS	The pretty college-age hostess who led us down the narrow aisle of booths and tables spent most of the trip checking Zayne out .
va	NN	The Gypsy encampment filled the grassy fields and long meadows of the Mall .
va	NNS	Crippling sadness had engulfed him as he had realised that never again would they laugh together .
va	NN	There was a bank of servers along one wall .
va	NN	The terrain on both sides was rough , with many smaller canyons and gullies .
va	NN	Another possibility is a nut who believes in black magic . "
va	NN	The cloud flowed into the skull , and after a moment , faint violet flames appeared in the skull 's empty eye sockets .
va	NNS	Fuchs has to slip up .
va	NN	When it broke on impact with a human 's head , the spray of documents went flying every way .
va	NNS	To his ears , the approaching hoof beats were tired of pace .
va	NN	Those little sparks of " maybe " flitting through her head since she 'd left his room this morning had just been completely doused .
va	NNS	" Some folks think they 're really good . "
va	NN	On either end was inset a red crystal .
va	NNS	The scars did nothing to detract from his sex appeal .
va	NN	The math at how many family members will be grieving because of me becomes impossible , astronomical .
va	NN	The penthouse was huge and she was almost out of breath when she ran into the foyer to grab her purse .
va	NN	A tall , wooden fence surrounds the entire ranch as numerous livestock freely roam the property .
va	NN	The Queen came and stood before him for a brief moment and looked into his eyes .
va	NN	The tempo is awkwardly uneven , and too quick .
va	NNS	Men despise a woman who is too smart .
va	NN	The queen put her head back down .
va	NN	The carriage burst from the woods and I glanced back , expecting to see the guards move from the trees , but I saw no one .
va	NNS	His father 's lessons were over forever .
va	NN	The dark green jewel on the front glittered .
va	NN	A pop sounded as she pried open a new container of fuzzy yellow balls .
va	NNS	Was she seducing him ?
va	NN	A rumble greeted those words ; plainly they doubted me .
va	NNS	Wolves are the same way , and so are rabbits .
va	NNS	Bones popped and skin ripped .
va	NNS	The data stick you threatened Stuart with earlier . "
va	NNS	There was no skin fragments under her fingernails and no sign of recent sexual activity .
va	NNS	Many raiders have tried to farm this land , but Moishe 's family secret has proven to be the only effective means of harvesting .
va	NNS	Hades doesn 't want you snuffed out .
va	NNS	Wide yards separated the homes , and directly across the street from my grandparents was the elementary school we 'd attend .
va	NN	A longing filled her and she turned toward her house , the beaten two story structure in the near distance .
va	NN	The " K " tattoo on my arm began to tingle and itch .
va	NNS	Eyes narrowing reflexively , Adam tossed a look out the window then met the store man 's gaze with a beaming smile .
va	NN	There 's an underground rogue gang after you .
va	NN	Likely she could tell I didn 't understand , so she clarified , " My authority is subject to checks and balances from my advisors . "
va	NN	" The price is too high . "
va	NNS	Even the silences between her words fascinated me .
va	NNS	There are four boats in the harbor right now - if we can just find somebody to handle them . "
va	NNS	Don 't your neighbors kick up a fuss ? "
va	NN	Anything to reassure her that he was perfectly fine and they were still united .
va	NNS	Some of the doors had been torn off , the shelves ripped out .
va	NN	That blouse , or rather the strip of bare skin beneath it , tended to make him forget some pretty important realities .
va	NNS	The doctors are responsible for that . "
va	NNS	My balls drew up and I knew I was there .
va	NN	Just then Mama found them in their shelter .
va	NNS	His voice cracks and he reaches over and touches Mark 's hand .
va	NNS	Tears burned her eyes as a wave of unwanted emotions swept over her .
va	NN	The steward brought the wine and glasses and a plate of cheese .
va	NNS	So what 's a London lass like you doing in a place like this ?
va	NN	But Gift is easier for human mouths . "
va	NN	Just a strand of hair was enough .
va	NN	Before either of them had a chance to make any such attempt , a cloud of lace came tumbling through the bushes .
va	NN	One item took particular attention .
va	NNS	Her lashes fluttered open .
va	NN	' The Order of the Shattered Lens is different .
va	NN	Then , the imp in her took over .
va	NNS	Matthias was a small , bookish man with large glasses and a receding hairline , and his reputation of timidity was well-deserved .
va	NN	" Then , Dr. Howard , would you please tell the court what decision your commission reached after studying all these materials . "
va	NN	The groom shook his head , beaming , and the bride hugged him tightly .
va	NN	Across the water came a muffled sobbing , quiet and soft , accompanied by faint splashing .
va	NN	A vacuum fills the room .
va	NN	This theme holds a special place in my ... heart . "
va	NNS	Tavis came to stand beside his wife , almost as if daring Graeme to show her any disrespect in speech or look .
va	NNS	" The lass is a bit paranoid , but she 's not that bad .
va	NNS	He ´ s right , historical artifacts included .
va	NNS	Spanish lessons can come later . '
va	NN	My Daddy nods , viewing me .
va	NN	My battery is dead , and I forgot to bring my charger with me .
va	NN	Had his preaching become a logical challenge and not a spiritual quest ?
va	NNS	" How are the kittens ? "
va	NNS	There are so many layers of scrap metal on the floor that it ´ s hard to move .
va	NN	In those early days their lovemaking had been frantic , as if they feared that being together couldn 't last .
va	NN	A small stream was flowing in the distance and he seemed to be in a heavily wooded area .
va	NN	The essence of both is a form of creativity .
va	NN	Her perfume , shampoo , whatever .
va	NNS	The crowds had thinned , but not enough .
va	NN	The program found a new method .
va	NNS	The mirrors looked like little rubies , reflecting the urgent red glow that cascaded over everything .
va	NN	Now everybody was looking forward to the long weekend in May .
va	NN	Return cooked bacon to pan and heat the pan and the bacon grease .
va	NN	" The Darkness didn 't deserve loyalty .
va	NNS	The animals ' gazes followed Thorn 's movements , but they did not otherwise advance toward the meal .
va	NNS	The noxious cloud that was Linnet floated forward .
va	NN	The butler had augmented his weaponry with a couple of meat cleavers , which he hefted with a certain worrying expertise .
va	NNS	The black claws sank without resistance into her flesh , and without a moan of pain from the sacrificial woman .
va	NN	Her skirt had other ideas , however , and kept catching on the wood .
va	NNS	The eagles picked a rocky area and landed , so we followed .
va	NNS	The familiar blackness of fear swept over her as the walls closed in .
va	NN	A white tablecloth and bottle of wine made the meal look more like an event rather than simple food .
va	NNS	Long , thickly woven , yellow ropes , wrapped around her chest and lower body , leaving her arms , legs and stomach free .
va	NN	Just a few more cloud formations to pass and they would be clear of the threatening conditions .
va	NN	The furniture is just right in my height and weight .
va	NNS	Eyes widening in terror Cassie watched in horror as Devon and Julian were shot backward , bouncing across the ground like ping pong balls .
va	NN	Anything could happen to you . "
va	NN	Anybody watching me for five minutes , like this guy obviously had , could have seen that .
va	NN	The Syndicate killed his wife .
va	NN	The wizard walked over to the large double doors at the main entrance to the fortress and ordered them opened .
va	NNS	As the air grew cooler , the early rains came with great force .
va	NNS	The noises from the TV weren 't helping with my blush however .
va	NN	An ache in my lower back spreads to the rest of my body .
va	NN	The fabric felt soft against her skin .
va	NN	The long journey had made him restless , and he was ready for action .
va	NN	The third grief is that when I have once got the taste of a particular gratification , it is stored in my memory and subconscious mind .
va	NNS	Her breasts ached to feel him against her , nipples going hard despite the rolling boil of her fury .
va	NNS	Back then little courses would pop up to provide the solution to whatever problem seemed to be most pertinent that week .
va	NN	There 's no alternative .
va	NNS	These poor buggers have been through enough .
va	NN	" Yeah , " said the clerk .
va	NNS	" Such fools , " Fiji muttered , and Manfred said , " Hey , I 'm a man , remember ? "
va	NNS	Vampire citizens lined the walls , watching him , forming a hallway that led straight to the throne room .
va	NN	Some harrowing climbing and a few jumps soon had her back on the cobbled streets .
va	NN	The shelter functioned almost as well without him .
va	NNS	Five long tendrils of white light shot from each of the openings , whipping through the air with ferocity .
va	NN	The clerk nipped through the registration cards .
va	NNS	" The experts tell me that it 's the most advanced system in the world and gives us a better than evens chance of managing threats .
va	NN	There was a round , shiny patch on his left cheek , the size of a plum .
va	NNS	My condolences , " Kinsley lowered his gaze .
va	NN	The struggle itself is asymptotic .
va	NN	The trial was a spectacle , a farce , a ridiculous way to search for the truth .
va	NN	Our victory is by no means sure . "
va	NNS	The Gods move slowly but they move ; she thought .
va	NN	The cloak of night is all around us -- the animal melodies , the hunger drawing my eyes to Gabe 's energy .
va	NN	Fifteen The moonlight bathed the small bedchamber in a pool of soft silver .
va	NNS	Abbas screamed at them , his voice cracking as it strained .
va	NN	The weather is stormy today and the normally cheerful and bright Maltese sky is gray and thunderous .
va	NNS	Any stragglers who miss the skiff will have to swim into open water and try to get away unaided . "
va	NNS	There were always bombs going off in the major urban centers .
va	NN	Just the word replacement turned Aimee into a piece of Tupperware .
va	NN	A walk-off winning run without a hit in the inning .
va	NNS	And the luscious warmth of sunlight on a soft summer afternoon .
va	NNS	" Your guests will not remember anything took place . "
va	NNS	Nikolas spoke with utter composure , words ringing with authority .
va	NN	But the suggestion that anything was more important than finding Sophia made everything inside me tense .
va	NN	The tattoo was clear around his wrist ; the golden flames were highlighted , almost as if they 'd been painted on .
va	NN	The panther laid at her feet , purring contently .
va	NN	Plain bread , cheese and a mug of tea , easily outdid the best gourmet experiences I 'd ever had .
va	NN	My temper snaps to life .
va	NNS	Tears streamed down her face .
va	NNS	Even parts of northern Florida saw local governments work for their own protection .
va	NN	But even this interpretation can change if you change the context .
va	NN	What loathing ran so deep inside him that would block out anything good ?
va	NN	" And the housekeeper , Mrs. Brown , is looking for direction as to how you wish your work space organized .
va	NNS	THIS ISN 'T POSSIBLE ! "
va	NN	The piano dominates the room .
va	NNS	The birds still flew overhead and the sea still crashed against the rocks , but the world beyond had changed and left Aran alone in the process .
va	NNS	There are a dozen different wounds , but most disturbing are the tears not yet dried on her cheeks , the pleading expression in her eyes .
va	NN	As ordered , the transaction proceeded under complete radio silence .
va	NN	The tobacco industry has never lost one of them .
va	NN	The panther in her gave a satisfied growl , the female happy finally to have a mate .
va	NNS	The titanic serial explosions that followed rocked the foundations of the underground city like an earthquake .
va	NNS	Only the robed volunteers seemed unconcerned by the horror in his voice , enthralled somehow to obedient subservience through Mithras ' presence .
va	NN	" That night my whole existence as a minister was in jeopardy , Frank .
va	NNS	Then the victims will start piling up .
va	NNS	Yours have come here to settle before -- and killed mine before they were driven out .
va	NNS	The birds still twittered their early morning song , the trees still swayed and the squirrel still did not leap .
va	NNS	Summer gasps and Knox and Rex both curse under their breath .
va	NN	She kept nervously biting her lips , a habit that reminded me a bit of Rosalyn , my fiancee back in Virginia .
va	NN	Her whole demeanour changed as he held her .
va	NNS	" No gods are worth the effort .
va	NN	The estate was six miles ahead and he was pressed for time .
va	NN	Maybe a decade 's worth . "
va	NN	the professor asked Miss Glory .
va	NN	A squeal sounded across the courtyard .
va	NN	Occasionally , a whimper escaped her breath .
va	NNS	" Eyes and ears , " he told me in that deep , strong voice of his .
va	NN	Chapter 5 Jason 's comment about Christmas reminded Lacy of the beautiful locket she had received .
va	NN	A series of ridges separated Red Lake from Hawk Lake .
va	NNS	For us , the meals had been a selling feature , and so were the many social events .
va	NN	The passage led into a wide hallway that connected the kitchen to the dining rooms .
va	NNS	Dead birds lay everywhere .
va	NNS	Several large community tables filled the space , and a service area lined the wall .
va	NNS	Bell rings and I hurry to the door until the speakers of the school went on .
va	NN	The debris hit Charles in the ankle .
va	NNS	Quaint houses were eerily quiet , the doors and windows broken out .
va	NNS	Two FBI agents had stepped into the room .
va	NN	The instructor appeared very powerful , but only stood four feet tall ; although , he had a Mohawk that made him look a foot taller .
va	NN	Fury roared through Emelia 's ears and she kicked out at the drunk who clutched her foot .
va	NNS	More than the usual numbers of patrons were eating with them today .
va	NNS	Through the stained-glass windows the curtains of night began to show the signs of drawing down to reveal the day , and the vampires had to leave .
va	NNS	The spectators burst into applause at the pathos and tragedy of the story .
va	NNS	More eagles came into focus , sitting on nearby branches , unmoving except for the rare turn of a head .
va	NNS	The shelves had some neatly folded rags , a couple quarts of unopened motor oil , and coiled extension cords .
va	NNS	Dozens of vampires began to fill the streets .
va	NNS	The circumstances were favorable for the Earth .
va	NNS	Eris sighed , deciding the best tactic was to let the two sore toes wear themselves out on each other .
va	NNS	Those warehouses across the way look deserted anyway .
va	NN	The carriage went gliding past .
va	NNS	Quest games were the only genre Pasha cherished a certain reverence for .
va	NNS	The delusions soon changed , however .
va	NN	the employee asked without the slightest hint of true concern .
va	NN	The color scheme was the same one he had drawn up .
va	NNS	Strange noises played throughout the trees .
va	NNS	While he doubted it was hot enough to blister , there were already red patches on a couple of knuckles , and they definitely stung .
va	NNS	Several parts of his statement catch me off guard .
va	NNS	Amjad 's assurances did nothing to dispel Rashid 's despair .
va	NNS	Quickly the patches of light grew in size , joining together and coalescing into larger areas which in turn morphed with the others around them .
va	NNS	Her giddy giggles confirmed my theory .
va	NN	Not an easy task as I 'm sure you appreciate .
va	NN	There was a wealth of sorrow and anger in those words .
va	NN	Ship had mentioned a failsafe program in case " plan A , " bombardment from space didn 't work against the infected humans .
va	NNS	Amos glanced at Dillon .
va	NNS	The nuclear bombs would begin to plummet towards their targets at thousands of miles an hour .
va	NN	The helicopter brings them out once a week . "
va	NN	" And what was the result ? "
va	NNS	Some courses of action were obvious .
va	NN	The bat connected with the orc 's forehead , making him stagger back .
va	NNS	Our heartbeats synchronized , and I twined around him like moss on a limb .
va	NN	To his left sat his chief advisor , Lord Collin , and the court secretary .
va	NN	A stream of glass jars with white candles line the other walls at intervals .
va	NN	The wiry imp was writhing on the ground , limbs askew , and the fat imp had almost reached them , plowing through the undergrowth .
va	NN	His designer faded jeans and muscle shirt were wrinkled and mismatched .
va	NNS	Tears burned her eyes .
va	NN	" But before you get all cocky , a perfect score is relatively common for the prelim .
va	NNS	Agnes appeared , smiling gently .
va	NNS	Several wires and tubes connected him to an IV and monitors .
va	NNS	Her puppies popped into her mind and she started to move away .
va	NNS	" The FBI agents were just here looking for Kurt again . "
va	NNS	Those small time politicians are ego-driven maniacs , who love to flaunt their pull . "
va	NN	My terror subsided slightly for a moment as a plan presented itself in my mind .
va	NNS	Many towns had a similar statue near the courthouse , but she was usually depicted with a sword in one hand and scales in the other .
va	NNS	Camp chores got Billy up early and to bed late .
va	NN	A pall hung over the palazzo .
va	NN	While there , the solitude and comparative quiet gave her a chance to think .
va	NN	Raven made certain Shea was beside him every step of the way .
va	NNS	" These look promising , the data gets more convincing every week .
va	NNS	But those scars on my chest and back still throbbed .
va	NNS	In front of the goal , the Riverside players slapped their striker on the back , celebrating .
va	NN	No harm in having a look see .
va	NN	Finally a glimmer of hope that he was feeling something about all of this .
va	NN	Her fad ' ra had told her when she was a child dreams could be El ' yi trying to talk to you .
va	NN	A spasm pinched her heart .
va	NN	There was a crackle of laughter .
va	NN	Another star shell went up .
va	NNS	Winds , wild and raging roared beneath a great weight of dark cloud , which in turn let fall its charge of snow .
va	NN	There is a huge possibility that I would have been a completely different man than I am now and made completely different decisions .
va	NN	The monk waited for the attack and stepped to the right .
va	NN	A powerful surge of pleasure rushed through her whole body .
va	NNS	Brian hesitates before asking , " Are you into her ? "
va	NNS	Several pots and pans lay on the very large cast iron stove that filled up half the kitchen .
va	NNS	Only a few more bushes to add and the painting will be done .
va	NNS	Yet the seeds that he had planted still grew and sprouted , bearing evil fruit , if any would tend them .
va	NNS	The doctors say it 's failure to thrive and that we should do this and that but nothing has worked and she was dying . "
va	NN	The warm embrace changed to a feeling of being trapped in a vise .
va	NNS	For the first time he could remember , both parts of him were in complete accord , working together toward a common goal .
va	NNS	Tears started to stream down her face .
va	NNS	Their votes wouldn 't count anymore simply because there were no longer any elections .
va	NN	When informed of the Silver Fox 's demise , cold satisfaction gleamed in Quinton 's hardened eyes .
va	NNS	Tears were streaming down Lisa 's face .
va	NNS	Tears filled her eyes as she thought about the emptiness of the past year .
va	NN	A jolt ran up my back and a single , clear image rose from the blood .
va	NNS	The birds of the trees liked him , and he liked to talk to them .
va	NNS	Maximus glanced at Gretchen , gave a barely perceptible shake of his head , and then bent low to me .
va	NN	A large fireplace with a low warmth smoldering in its arced maw put a dry whisper in the air .
va	NNS	Most folks love 'em . "
va	NN	Then his grey cloak drew apart , and they saw , beyond doubt , that he was clothed beneath all in white .
va	NNS	Nikolas moved closer to Aris , as if going for the kill .
va	NNS	Charcoal sketches graced the walls .
va	NN	After all , safe transportation of vampires was not something the carmakers would cover in their list of specs .
va	NN	A cocoon of movement and laughter and song created an intimate place for new feelings to be discovered and explored .
va	NNS	The last two beds in each row were empty .
va	NN	The seat belt cut into him as his weight pressed forward .
va	NNS	The birds were chirping .
va	NN	Whenever any of his important friends in the intelligence community came asking for the secrets to his success , the director always pointed to his wife unhesitatingly .
va	NNS	Leaves crunched as men approached .
va	NNS	" But the lessons have always been here before . "
va	NNS	Their tendrils were so interwoven that nobody was going to get through them without ripping off most of his skin .
va	NN	The journey was long and the human slept through the entirety of it .
va	NN	Then , without warning , the chopper dropped from the hangar back , free-falling through a large opening in the floor .
va	NN	Celeste stood in front of him coyly , arms locked behind her back .
va	NN	His distorted blood chemistry gave him an awkward feeling , like there were two of him .
va	NN	The rare glimpse at his emotional side staggered me .
va	NN	" Yet another burden laid on me without my permission or desire . "
va	NNS	Scientists would still like to understand how DNA manages to grow a complete animal from a single fertilized cell , but one imagines that they will eventually .
va	NN	There 's also an amp and a bass guitar in the corner beside a small plastic Christmas tree decorated with red and sliver ornaments and tinsel .
va	NNS	" Anyway , balls are part of the Oxford experience .
va	NNS	And then , of course , there were the rebels .
va	NNS	There were white paint stains on his button-down blue shirt .
va	NNS	Chances are you 'd throw your best punch and they 'd be unaffected .
va	NN	" The price is far too high . "
va	NN	Down deeper , a heavy flow flooded the giant pit , boiling and stirring everything into a toxic soup .
va	NNS	Eyes so light brown they were almost ocher , with the longest , fullest lashes I had ever seen .
va	NNS	" These shelters have blast doors that seal from the inside and aren 't easily damaged .
va	NNS	Tears formed in his eyes as he gritted his eyes closed and held his breath .
va	NN	George 's anguish at James ' death had itself grown like a tumour until his head was infested with snakes .
va	NNS	Surely there were other jobs that were a lot less trouble than interacting with evil supernatural beings .
va	NN	His scorching stream exploded in the back of her throat and she swallowed , eager for every drop of his explosion .
va	NNS	Its contractors had trained local militaries in Iraq and Afghanistan , as well as Africa and South America .
va	NNS	Sometimes the Gods are a little strange .
va	NNS	Nikolas turned toward the kitchen .
va	NNS	" What have the gods said to you ? "
va	NNS	Amos kept his eyes straight ahead .
va	NNS	Her lashes fluttered back up .
va	NNS	Her fangs sharpened as she surged up to bite .
va	NNS	Her attackers didn 't appear wil ing to fol ow previously established patterns in the murder arena .
va	NNS	The armored beasts of the south rammed and killed many .
va	NNS	The doctors and nurses were busy and serious .
va	NNS	Winds and currents play large roles in any bottle 's direction ; storms and debris may shift its course as well .
va	NN	' The Order , ' spoke a voice from the doorway , ' of the Allied Moon . '
va	NN	" Good as new , Buddy , " Dane says with a smile .
va	NNS	There were parts of him that clamored to take her up on her offer .
va	NNS	The newcomers could only be Ding Dong 's vanguard ; the main party coming up the river behind them .
va	NNS	Seeing that , reading parts of it ... was heartbreaking .
va	NNS	The patterns were clearly of artificial , not of natural design .
va	NNS	Many volunteers have already begun searching since last night .
va	NN	That hot little pussy wants to be taken care of ?
va	NNS	The blisters cover his face and then they start to pop .
va	NNS	In the trees , birds awoke and flew away .
va	NN	A very heavy branch landed with a crash in front of him .
va	NN	A stern looking pirate entered their crew space to invite Beth , and only Beth , up to the bridge .
va	NN	The biggest obstacle was Lauren herself .
va	NNS	Even the guests had no personal robots in tow .
va	NN	The waitress was back , sliding their glasses across the table .
va	NN	But the weather looks set fair .
va	NN	But now she was a guest , a visitor passing through on her way to God knows where .
va	NNS	Those hunters pay a great deal of money to hunt things .
va	NN	" There 's a dark humor and irony to the message . "
va	NNS	" The pianoforte lessons seem to be progressing excellently , according to my nephew 's reports .
va	NNS	In one of those pockets was my jet brooch , but I didn 't think he was checking to make sure he had it .
va	NNS	There were two shops that typically catered to those seeking prom gowns and the like , so they went to the mall where they were located .
va	NN	This series of actions prompted other states to tighten up control of their own borders .
va	NN	Anything over ten pounds was not practical for James .
va	NNS	Two summer tomatoes were sitting in the kitchen window behind the curtain .
va	NNS	Dark irises came into full view .
va	NNS	Yours was different though , Adam .
va	NNS	Her lashes drifted down ; she was already half asleep .
va	NNS	The robots are making the soldiers themselves now .
va	NN	The doorman was a goblin .
va	NNS	Gigantic framed mirrors hung from both sides of the ballroom , swaths of billowy white fabric draped above them .
va	NN	That discount more than made up for the handful of things that weren 't ideal about the house .
va	NN	Her quick retort surprised him .
va	NN	The first impression that she gave , was that of a strange Lamia who didn 't look like she could take down a five-year old .
va	NN	His struggle was not only financial , though money problems were real enough .
va	NN	The only designer they know around here is L.L. Bean . "
va	NNS	My head throbs and my eyes feel the size of the lumps of clay on the shelves .
va	NN	Has the sheriff 's department notified his next of kin ? "
va	NN	Anything to justify the decision I had already made .
va	NNS	The houses looked to be mostly typical ramblers from the early sixties and seventies .
va	NN	The study angle was the easiest way to work her mother 's guilt .
va	NN	A pang of guilt hit her when she spotted Soren ; he hadn 't come to mind .
va	NN	There was a vile string of curses followed by the command , " Hand Wolfe the goddamn phone , Kent ! "
va	NN	This extraordinary confession served only to provide new reasons to despise him .
va	NNS	There were two female agents , both blondes like Abby .
va	NN	A handful of warlocks were nothing for the dozens of people who 'd made the trip .
va	NN	A moment later , the waitress who served us appears , pulling the door shut behind her and darting to her car .
va	NNS	The tracks were ... unusual .
va	NNS	The black lab 's toenails clicked on the hardwood floors with every step .
va	NNS	Behind him the chickens milled about chattering .
va	NNS	The cubs were on their feet .
va	NNS	Dios terrified them in a very positive , human way that no supernatural entity ever could .
va	NNS	Men approached from the other direction , to meet Hill at the end of the line of full boxes .
va	NNS	" My real folks gave me up when I was a kid .
va	NN	A surge of panic got the better of me .
va	NNS	" But where 's your rings ? "
va	NNS	Of course , she thought , the real injuries were internal , hidden from every eye but his own .
va	NN	The task of her destruction was mine , but I have failed .
va	NN	Since that time , the Kid hadn 't spoken a word , but had latched onto Tom like he was the Second Coming .
va	NNS	The gifts weren 't expensive .
va	NN	I peered back over my shoulder at him , the big teddy bear in my bed .
va	NN	There was a sharp pop from Louis ' suppressed gun and Grayson was dead , slumping against me , then crumpling to the floor .
va	NN	My every victory will be in your name .
va	NNS	Her eyes were closed , her palms raised toward the sky .
va	NNS	At exactly two minutes before the Shelter sealed , the charges would blow .
va	NN	" I hope you do , everybody deserves to be loved . "
va	NN	While not surprised by the summons , the delay did catch me off guard .
va	NNS	Nikolas wasn 't surprised ; people were the same everywhere .
va	NNS	Leaves of green filled the trees , then they blossomed , fruit budding on their branches .
va	NNS	Nikolas nearly collided with Helen .
va	NN	As a figure walked into the classroom , the operative crouched down , her black boots squishing in the sludge that was leaking from under the Dumpster .
va	NNS	Our mouths are at the same height , and the feeling of his legs between mine is more intoxicating than the wine I drank .
va	NNS	Orrin 's strange mannerisms had started to grow on her .
va	NNS	Soon my makers will come for me and take me back into the cosmos , where I will be studied and disassembled and ultimately freed .
va	NN	Yes , bowling would do just fine .
va	NNS	There were some very good handball players in the club .
va	NN	A loaded question if he 'd ever heard one .
va	NNS	Indian camps in those days were pretty basic -- just trees and bark and campfires .
va	NN	Saga waved a hand to indicate the millions of books bearing witness to this dangerous meeting .
va	NN	" Oh no , honey , why didn 't you tell me ?
va	NN	An ominous hush slowly swept over the hall as Jennifer came into view , and the spectacle that greeted her eyes was as foreboding as the silence .
va	NN	My anxiety at the whole Dan situation made the ten minute drive seem like hours .
va	NNS	" His prices are so low and times have been tough .
va	NN	" The jury will remain out on that similarity .
va	NNS	In good weather , the sailors head that way . "
va	NNS	Her fangs were growing .
va	NN	A resounding hush descended soon after they were announced .
va	NNS	The dark lords must enjoy watching us squirm . "
va	NNS	Saying that you tried to work it out through outside resources does not garner you any points , only chagrin .
va	NN	' The bee 's knees when it comes to adding up , the pig 's ear at everything else .
va	NNS	Granted politics is boring and the media have done much to reinforce this .
va	NN	The bird was ordinary .
va	NN	Dan ' r chuckled to himself .
va	NNS	I drove on , past pale houses with spindly white porches draped with American flags .
va	NN	Victor 's bodyguard clipped a fresh magazine in his gun , leaned out of the passenger window and fired a volley of shots at the vehicle .
va	NN	A series of cardboard boxes served as the chest of drawers .
va	NNS	His mustache whiskers withdrew into his skin .
va	NNS	There were still points that could be scored with a graceful defeat .
va	NN	But then the door clicked closed and I was sure he 'd gone .
va	NNS	The red tulips looked like drops of blood on the white blanket of snow .
va	NNS	Her breaths came out in short pants as she reached down and opened the driver 's door .
va	NN	But there 's a certain mandatory punishment set before you can have her .
va	NNS	The Fathers and Iseo were the only humans he had genuine contact with since his birth .
va	NN	The vault was large , larger than any of the chambers on the flagship , and housed an automated manufacturing plant .
va	NN	The magazine in this gun only had about fifteen bullets in it , and I wasn 't sure how many I already fired off .
va	NN	A shiver trekked down my spine as I continued to stare over at the man , at my unwanted partner .
va	NN	Not a jockey , but a whatever you call yourself . "
va	NN	An ache started immediately in his groin , and he swallowed thickly .
va	NNS	A few rings and finally I heard the raspy voice of Daryl Knight .
va	NNS	But every sage with supposed knowledge of the afterlife had to be met , their lessons learned .
va	NN	The intensity of her longing both shamed and repulsed her , and she snatched her hand away .
va	NNS	But Tren agents , like those of the Alliance , were well trained and encouraged to fanaticism .
va	NN	Maybe forty percent still do .
va	NN	Now , even though at the time he had not noticed the thief , this lawyer had put him right next to him .
va	NN	The comment acted as a wet towel on the mood , draining away the laughter .
va	NNS	The scars continued down her neck and shoulder , half of her chest and upper ribs , all the way down to her hand .
va	NNS	What 's the criteria ? '
va	NN	The entire condo complex was quiet and still as I walked to the bank of elevators and waited for one to take me down to the lobby .
va	NN	In 1896 , a shipping vessel hit rough waters just north of Skull Island .
va	NN	My other assistant just quit .
va	NNS	There were at least three DEA agents involved in the shooting , and , as always , they claim they acted in self-defense .
va	NN	Failure seemed so close .
va	NN	This revelation unnerved him and he saw Anderson walk past him with a heavy chain linking his neck to those of the other prisoners .
va	NN	A shudder slid over Austin 's body .
va	NNS	The bandits had set a trap in the road .
va	NNS	Tears began to roll down her cheek .
va	NN	Even my Mum has a thing for him .
va	NNS	Five million bucks was a lot of money .
va	NN	Still , the deafening blast did nothing to deter the forms barreling toward Gray .
va	NN	Letting something this good disappear would be sheer stupidity .
va	NN	A soft exhale met me and my entire body tightened in anticipation .
va	NN	Fear had ruled her decisions with him , and she was much happier when she didn 't feed it .
va	NN	Dad 's office suite was at the far end of the hall , and I pressed my finger to another scanner .
va	NN	" Oh honey , just let it out .
va	NNS	The three thugs stopped laughing and looked at each other .
va	NN	Chapter 35 Darkness of the Way Tick couldn 't believe what he 'd done .
va	NN	The surf sounded more active this morning , and I looked forward to absorbing some of its energy into my jaded spirit .
va	NN	A pang of jealousy hit me over the way he looked at her , like he wanted her .
va	NN	A smirk played on his lips .
va	NN	Raven stepped back from the water .
va	NN	The statement was vague enough that I could have played dumb , but there wasn 't any point .
va	NNS	The dogs stretched across the cool , tile floor , paws twitching as they slept .
va	NN	" Somebody must have cut a road to get out and around the bridge .
va	NN	His firm grasp was cold and unfeeling , and elicited no fire , no compassion , no desire .
va	NNS	His palms radiated with heat .
va	NNS	" The sons , not quite men at the time , were pardoned and the King put to death .
va	NNS	Men like us will never have that one basic need .
va	NN	A double door occupied almost all of the wall to my left , its intriguing access cut off by a hefty padlock .
va	NNS	Few hunters were better .
va	NNS	What are the doctors saying about her condition ? "
va	NNS	And my toes would feel it , too .
va	NN	The fog seemed to be thinning away .
va	NNS	Keepers do not cross the line into the world of magic and monsters ! "
va	NNS	" Where are your reserves ? "
va	NN	The instant the deafening gunshot pierces the silence and echoes off the surrounding buildings , everybody in the squad dives off the beaten path and finds cover .
va	NN	The crystal can get me here , but it won 't necessarily get us out . "
va	NNS	His claws wrapped around the vampire 's neck and ripped the skin .
va	NN	" What is the exception ? "
va	NNS	The tracks at one point must 've gone across , but they were now a gnarled mess .
va	NNS	Long gashes ran across his arms and chest before wrapping around his back to disappear beneath the towel .
va	NNS	Tears burned my eyes .
va	NN	One tab was a map , another was an empty graph , and another seemed to be a list of calls .
va	NN	My nephew decided long ago that Christian would one day take over his investment firm .
va	NNS	At this time of the afternoon the tables were empty , but three hours ago the place had bustled with activity .
va	NN	Then a gunshot rang out .
va	NN	" The painting is remarkable and so is this room . "
va	NN	In reality any atom is mostly just space !
va	NN	Her bone structure and skin are amazing .
va	NN	And the swarm seemed to be responding to her .
va	NNS	Members of the audience searched the room for the man referenced .
va	NN	The queen had hired Bill so the computer database about vampires he was working on would be her property .
va	NN	A delight to be with in every sense .
va	NNS	Warm patterns of reds and dark wood fit like puzzle pieces around the dining room where a large , open fireplace fit in the center .
va	NN	His dark eyes are hard and shining like onyx , every muscle in his neck and shoulders coiled with tension .
va	NN	The vault had a statue of a boy with an old man in tattered wings couching beside him .
va	NNS	THIS IS LAST MESSAGE . "
va	NN	When the locals start turning up dead , suspicion falls on the current residents of the creepy castle .
va	NNS	The familiar tingling soothed me as his bare skin touched mine , there was something therapeutic about his touch .
va	NNS	The brown spirals tickled her cheeks as she watched the station signs zip by .
va	NN	The bartender hiked his shoulders and went back to wiping the bar .
va	NNS	Plastic condom wrappers in the garbage can .
va	NN	That rot , that fertile rot , it stayed with me .
va	NNS	" Good dragon gods , " Genie whispered in prayer , her voice icy .
va	NNS	The palms of my hands slide down the rocks , the jagged edges scraping against my skin .
va	NN	An instant later , the topside portal on the sub opened , and Michael Tolland emerged .
va	NNS	Deep breaths , Laura , she told herself .
va	NNS	Tears had left moist trails down her cheeks .
va	NN	The doomsday scenario task was for Roland or Lawrence to call the SFPD , if the situation warranted it .
va	NN	The sweet , giggling version of her she 'd been before she grew up and matured .
va	NN	The alien seemed so solemn , and puzzled , that he could not resist the impulse to have a little fun with it .
va	NN	A cheer went up at the front as it came free .
va	NN	The young navigator knew not of any passage over the mountains , saying , " The mountains are known to be impassable . "
va	NNS	Tears threatened to fall .
va	NNS	But no tattoos , so score . "
va	NN	What his diagnosis could be .
va	NNS	The greatest gardens in the world of course are at Versailles .
va	NN	The lid stayed on .
va	NNS	Wildflowers rose and opened to drink , gardens burst to glorious life .
va	NN	The volcano was also leaving .
va	NN	It was a common physical reaction to a violent vision , the nausea , the shortness of breath , the uncontrollable sobs .
va	NN	Her elbow pumped back into a rock-solid stomach .
va	NNS	My dark , shiny tresses fell over my shoulders like tarnished bronze .
va	NNS	The events in the warehouse flashed , playing out like an old video .
va	NN	The puppy , a male , started to whine , a high-pitched cry that rose and fell like the echo of far-off train whistles .
va	NNS	Three ghouls jump on him while the rest chase after the feast that runs ahead of them .
va	NNS	Those evening conversations with my father rather quickly stripped me of that particular illusion .
va	NN	This close to town , the possibility of encountering a stray zombie on the road was much higher .
va	NN	A blast of hot , stale air signalled the arrival of the tube train , sending Tom 's suit jacket flapping around his body .
va	NN	Any resemblance to actual people , living or dead , or to places or incidents is purely coincidental .
va	NNS	Their houses were by those trees .
va	NN	" I 'll give her a call this evening and let her know we will be there bright and early in the morning , " Dane says .
va	NN	" There is an airstrip here that Lucan used . "
va	NN	To hear other blood drinkers as we hear mortal men , that curse belongs only to distant cousins .
va	NNS	" The angels , not half so happy in Heaven , Went envying her and me -- Yes !
va	NNS	" The doctors want to treat her for psychological trauma .
va	NN	A blend of sorrowful cries , steeped in guilt and helplessness , resonated throughout the room .
va	NN	Any distraction would be most welcome over the coming days , weeks , and months .
va	NN	The greatest modern invention is indoor plumbing .
va	NNS	The SS officers returned from the hut with Langer limping after them .
va	NNS	" Men die in battle all the time . "
va	NN	A whole new industry had grown up .
va	NN	Any other alternative was unthinkable .
va	NN	The witch sank to the ground , her hands going over her head .
va	NN	His scalp still itched at the thought of all the ooze they had crawled through , and the live things slithering over his legs - ugh .
va	NN	" The payment is 20 dollars .
va	NN	The humor left his eyes as he leaned forward and placed his hand on her stomach .
va	NN	A philosophy or religion that believes that men are basically flawed or defective will only try to control them and limit their freedom .
va	NNS	The unused parts of their brain , their physique , their emotions , liberated by a few simple procedures .
va	NN	" Your groom can ride - But I forget , no one rides your favorite desert horses but you . "
va	NNS	The tables and chairs were arriving tomorrow , so the dining room had to be painted tonight .
va	NNS	The larger samples are now neatly potted and stand in the windowsills beside the babies .
va	NNS	The tombs were closing in on me .
va	NN	She remained standing , her notepad clutched tightly in front of her , and waited .
va	NN	" No comment , " Danny said .
va	NNS	And the carved snakes on his staff seemed to be watching him too .
va	NN	His buzzing still has her on edge .
va	NNS	Above the handguns were three rifles , at least one of which was a powerful deer rifle with a scope .
va	NNS	Parents of prospective students pay for tours , but you 're doing it for free . "
va	NN	That sharp prick had been a needle .
va	NNS	Their howls echoed further off and Nova watched as the Olin stood before them .
va	NN	The president doesn 't want it to look like we 're asleep at the switch so we have to go through the motions .
va	NN	The weather had changed the very day after my sickness began .
va	NNS	In an instant , flesh tore and blood sprayed a thin line over the car window .
va	NNS	The tendrils pulled apart .
va	NNS	Glass control booths ran in a semicircle along half the wall and a weapons and equipment area continuing the rest of the way .
va	NNS	Men were sure that ladies were to be shielded from life 's harsh realities .
va	NNS	The bastards let him die .
va	NNS	" May the gods take mercy on us all if we don 't stop the ones behind this .
va	NNS	" The medics are here now .
va	NN	Papa called from another room .
va	NNS	Upon entering the monastery , the monks immediately veered to the right toward an alcove that appeared to have little to no purpose in the construction .
va	NNS	The cryo chambers thud back into place , and I slam the doors shut with a crash .
va	NN	" The harvest will come .
va	NNS	The sailors below him were far more interesting .
va	NN	A volcano of such need rising seemingly out of nowhere .
va	NNS	Hundreds of creatures were charging at them , sprinting toward where he sat in the middle of an open field .
va	NNS	Grass started to show through as the snow beneath her feet melted away .
va	NN	The garden , which only moments before had seemed so fair , now seemed ugly to her .
va	NNS	Men still spoke of his father in reverent terms .
va	NN	The rose garden looked recently tended .
va	NN	Of course there is no actual whip but slaves are slaves and these people are slaves of Master Cronus .
va	NNS	Alchemist officials would have to file formal complaints with the queen .
va	NN	The temptation was unbearable .
va	NNS	There are many benefits to us living together , Josephine . "
va	NNS	A smile escapes from the corner of my mouth and hers follows suit .
va	NN	The cashier shifted and gave me an impatient look when the concessions door opened and someone else filed into line .
va	NNS	The marks weren 't very long .
va	NN	" What the detective can 't tell you yet ?
va	NNS	A few narrow straps held everything together .
va	NN	Tack catches my eye across the campfire .
va	NN	Her final resting place ?
va	NNS	Many restaurant managers considered flirting with customers a no-no .
va	NN	The spear fell to the ground and retracted itself .
va	NN	The inn could heal the magical injuries but not the physical ones .
va	NNS	These poor souls don 't need to stand so close to the tether and risk being struck by lightning .
va	NN	Now her behavior had gone too far .
va	NN	Of course my quest is not over .
va	NNS	Sometimes , the blackness was too heavy , too permanent .
va	NN	" What 's your name anyways ? "
va	NNS	But the bonds that tie you to the Underworld as its queen are stronger than even I am . "
va	NNS	These lawyers take forty percent of the recovery .
va	NN	A muscle twitched in his jaw , and he leaned incrementally forward .
va	NN	" Name is Austin Garrett . "
va	NNS	Tour boats float by upscale restaurants and bars , under the numerous bridges .
va	NN	Back on the higher deck a waitress held the door for them .
va	NNS	He pressed his cheek to her temple , the roughness of his afternoon stubble a familiar , welcome sensation .
va	NN	The orchestra was rehearsing with the boys ' choir in a positively magical blend of glorious sound .
va	NN	A horrific scraping tore down the sides of the elevator , beating the metal walls , leaving large dents .
va	NN	Nearby , surf was somewhat more energetic than last night , but few waves generated any significant foam or crash .
va	NN	Maybe this prickling is your body 's way of warning you that something is wrong .
va	NN	When stealth is your best advantage , armor and cumbersome weaponry become more a hindrance than a protection .
va	NN	The Order of the Shattered Lens has the army .
va	NN	The headache receded into the back of her head as she left the shower .
va	NNS	I didn 't mean to bite you , my fangs slipped . "
va	NNS	Tears are in my eyes .
va	NNS	" So when are all the pilots getting in ? "
va	NN	If the management cannot sell a good content what the editorial can do ?
va	NNS	So what did the companies do ?
va	NNS	" The entries ended with your father 's death .
va	NN	The way Vaughn had wanted to use him .
va	NN	An elaborate seal held it closed .
va	NNS	Shifters learned to keep vehicles running in top shape , being forbidden to buy brand new ones .
va	NN	The scholarship was in my pocket .
va	NN	Possibly , this new version of CLEO would not have a log of his previous record ( in which he had been banned from driving forever . )
va	NNS	When he attended high school , the events that 20th century students enjoyed didn 't exist .
va	NN	There 's a horde of victims coming , today about thirteen folks .
va	NNS	There are new surprises here by the hour and minute .
va	NN	A lemon sprayed the rice while our collective , wet hunger climaxed from the hashish .
va	NNS	Boggs wrapped the line around his wrist and levered it in about a meter .
va	NNS	Flashes and missile streaks tear away from the corvettes heading straight toward Samurai .
va	NNS	The doctors said she wasn 't going to die .
va	NN	After a couple of revolutions around the fenced enclosure , my lesson started .
va	NNS	The birds grasped his arms , his leg -- they formed nooses with their bodies and wrapped themselves around him .
va	NNS	We human beings live perpetually insulated from the horrors that happen all around us .
va	NN	The softness of his voice was counterpoint to the command it held .
va	NN	" A little taller than me and definitely bustier .
va	NNS	Actually the experts had forecasted churches would survive .
va	NNS	Moments later Betty stood in the doorway of the neighboring suite staring at Hunter Blake who smiled and motioned for her to come in .
va	NNS	Scouts came and went , traveling quickly with their loping run , bringing reports about the terrain ahead and the status of the enemy 's camp .
va	NN	" Got it , " the waitress says and turns to me .
va	NNS	Her thighs burned from climbing the steep steps , but she refused to stop for a breather .
va	NN	" Stay there , honey , " she whispered .
va	NNS	Their slaves screamed , backing against the walls as she raged past them .
va	NN	" The coincidence is much too convenient . "
va	NN	* * The Company operated on a highly stratified canteen system .
va	NN	Confusion hit her , a wall of it , as he tried to assess if she was a danger to him .
va	NN	The Dane didn 't appear to get the message .
va	NNS	* * * * The events of the past two days rolled off Helen 's tongue in a steady stream of words .
va	NNS	The next image was throne sitting in the middle of the abyss , the blackness stretched out for what appeared to be eternity .
va	NNS	Where had the old folks gone and when would they be back ?
va	NN	" The ambulance took Goliath to the nearest hospital to the arena , Houston General .
va	NNS	Little threads of light were racing under her skin , and her hair was starting to crackle .
va	NNS	" Where are my daughters ? "
va	NN	My own mare , Celine , was a soft buckskin who had just a little more spirit than the average woman would normally care for .
va	NN	Suddenly a series of thuds sounded .
va	NN	" But the Queen cried out to her soldiers : ' Cut out her tongue as I have commanded you ! '
va	NN	The council has a weighty decision before it today .
va	NN	A stray cloud here and there .
va	NNS	Undercover cops probably don 't follow the same rules , but who 's the bad guy here ?
va	NN	A herd of children charged up the other stairway and formed a line .
va	NN	An imp usually had a specialized skill , depending on its parent demonic origin .
va	NNS	Even in time of grief , events move on .
va	NN	The background had darkened .
va	NNS	Even if my son walks out with his hands in the air , the cops will shoot him .
va	NN	The new cook had shown up in answer to Sam 's ad just the week before .
va	NNS	More drawings covered the walls .
va	NN	After the ceremony the congregation gathered in the church room to eat sweet bread which had been especially baked for this occasion .
va	NN	As the carriage door opened a cheer erupted from the crowd .
va	NNS	Traffic laws are a phenomenal source of revenue , which I might add is currently untapped by the Federal government . "
va	NN	Where 's your duster ? "
va	NNS	Keeping groceries on hand just meant she 'd have to throw them away after they went bad .
va	NNS	the police officers asked again .
va	NNS	Spare of furnishing , there were blueprints and books spread over the desk in the corner near the picture window .
va	NN	Raven suddenly growled on her , putting her back to senses .
va	NN	The UN back Home was in the process of staging one of its periodic coups .
va	NN	As someone who likes to read , and lacks the physical fitness ability , this task is daunting .
va	NN	The shark took care of the ice bear . "
va	NNS	" Currently thirty thousand Parkinson patients have neural implants .
va	NNS	Tears began streaming down her face as she shook her head .
va	NN	The entire episode is all vicious fabrication .
va	NNS	An unbearable sadness settled over her expression , and she exhaled , as if breathing out any last hope she had .
va	NN	With one sharp thump , the lock clicked and the door slid open .
va	NNS	Helena 's little bundles of clothes , her few cardboard boxes and the cluster of cosmetics on the white tiles of the bathroom looked somehow sad .
va	NNS	Our interactions weren 't as apparent as Tara and Austin 's .
va	NNS	Arms wrapped around me and pulled me back as I fought against them .
va	NN	There was a glimmer of strategic excitement in her eyes .
va	NN	The lake was a silver dime , reflecting back the sky and all its thousands of stars .
va	NNS	The yeast farms could expand , hydroponic culture intensify .
va	NN	Fear replaced her pleasure .
va	NN	" An event , " he said his voice growing almost wistful .
va	NN	My clutch was lying on his palm .
va	NNS	The guests take their leave .
va	NN	Where is the patient ? "
va	NNS	How our brains fill in the gap between frames .
va	NN	Raven caught the mental footprints , followed them , blocking out everything else and concentrating on bringing the woman into focus .
va	NNS	Men just didn 't look at her like that .
va	NNS	And Mayo Fathers had reinforced them .
va	NN	The possibility intrigued her .
va	NN	" What was the post about ? "
va	NNS	There was a hiss , a muttered curse .
va	NN	The helicopter was fast and versatile , and could be refueled while in flight .
va	NN	The foreman said , ' I 'll be off then , ladies . '
va	NN	My headache was back .
va	NN	His statement was out there before he could think better of saying it .
va	NN	And a scotch -- single malt -- neat . "
va	NN	Is the owner about perhaps ? "
va	NN	The punishment for treason was execution .
va	NNS	A few Reboots nodded , and I turned to face forward .
va	NN	The star was slightly crooked to the right , making it off center .
va	NNS	That killers who pose their victims are almost always white and generally older . "
va	NNS	Coconut palms lined the sides of the lane and towered over them .
va	NNS	American politics was not her specialty , since her business concerns lay largely outside of North America .
va	NNS	Fellows turned onto Upper Brook Street and walked to Grosvenor Square and Hart 's house .
va	NN	But penance was about atoning for your sins and trying to make things right .
va	NN	The small wild flame licks against the night and fights to stay alive as the wind blows over the top of the hill .
va	NNS	Men might , depending on how he framed the question .
va	NNS	I talked to the instructors , something Juliet hadn 't done .
va	NNS	Our guests soon arrived and were escorted through our home to the courtyard by one of our servants .
va	NNS	The officers from the Athena had already gathered in the long , richly furnished dining room .
va	NN	Fear was all she knew how to feel anymore and she was shaking , her heart pounding , sweating enough to fill a swimming pool .
va	NN	Personal hygiene took a back seat when Cal pursued a new project .
va	NN	" About twenty-four , twenty-five , not much older , " said the doctor .
va	NN	For now , the inn is my baby .
va	NNS	" Your highness , do you take Aurora to be your bride ? "
va	NN	But the comment rankled , regardless .
va	NNS	Bess actually opened her mouth to answer , when the blond man to her right held up a hand to silence her .
va	NN	" This is Asgard , " said the fox .
va	NNS	After all , there are parts of it I quite like . "
va	NN	The beep sounds , and I hesitate .
va	NN	The underlying philosophical harmony of all tasks was the same .
va	NNS	Dozens of people were already milling , and the caterers were serving both coffee and drinks to those already seated at the tables .
va	NN	A small section of the wall parted to reveal a safe , and he then started on another pad .
va	NN	With the axe stuck in his torso , the Dark Lord flailed around ; even attempted to escape by running away .
va	NN	Mama was facing her first Christmas without Papa .
va	NNS	The long sleeves of his gray tunic rise in a sweeping dramatic movement to point at some boulders in the distance .
va	NN	The chain didn 't break , and instead it pulled Jill right to him , by the neck .
va	NN	The cloud of ash fell from me and I checked my surroundings again .
va	NNS	The bell rings and students rush into their classrooms .
va	NNS	The death slaves screamed a collective cry of denial , the note shattering the ice chamber , causing cracks all along the walls and ceiling .
va	NN	The chute suddenly ended and he fell through the sky .
va	NNS	" Now , " said our royal hostess .
va	NNS	Daphne 's claws were raking against the door now , and a split second later Katherine opened it .
va	NNS	But numbers still reigned supreme -- if he were fighting hand-to-hand with his captors , archers could simply snipe him with arrows , numerous as they were .
va	NN	The current in the air was suddenly charged and electric .
va	NNS	There always were victims of Mother Nature 's wrath .
va	NNS	As soon as Laci joined the other three , a hostess arrived and led them to a table that looked out onto the mountain .
va	NNS	Even the birds in their nests did not squawk at such a statement .
va	NN	Their butler swears he 'll lock it all up for me so it won 't be drunk before the event .
va	NNS	The gods were dying off .
va	NN	There are only a handful of us still alive today who know the truth . '
va	NNS	What exactly were his duties then ?
va	NNS	The only furnishings are a fireplace , table , and bed mats .
va	NNS	Wall sconces provided the only source of light in the otherwise darkened hall .
va	NNS	Peck 's downcast , doll lashes barely fluttered , nor did his wide smile waver .
va	NN	" The goodbye did not last as long as I had hoped .
va	NN	Despite - or maybe because of - Marcia 's absence , supper was an enjoyable affair .
va	NN	A shudder went through Talon at the sound of that voice .
va	NNS	The doctors said - " Lindy paused and bit into her bottom lip to control the emotion that rocked her every time she thought about the accident .
va	NNS	The sleeves fell over my shoulders and exposed my neck and shoulders .
va	NN	Raven watched the wind tug at leaves on the ground .
va	NNS	Huge , disordered piles of laundry appeared on the kitchen top , waiting to be washed .
va	NN	The expanding cloud was relentless .
va	NN	To my surprise there was a small envelope stuck unobtrusively to the underside of my dish , which I palmed clumsily into my pants pocket .
va	NN	Dust and dirt sifted down on Kylie 's face .
va	NN	Each Gateway gives an entry into wormholes which connect different universes . "
va	NNS	The noises got closer .
va	NN	The dark , steady stream of water was nearly thirty feet wide , endlessly winding and bending through the forest .
va	NN	A foul odor assaults my senses .
va	NN	Stalker strode away from the animal corpse and the spilled Freak blood .
va	NN	Beth 's mouth pul ed to one side .
va	NN	" Your gang symbol ? "
va	NN	When you find someone you 're meant to be with , sometimes the essence of wrong or right no longer becomes relevant .
va	NNS	Stories from Frances of visitors to the island , glimpses of little dramas played out on this half island .
va	NNS	" The bands mark them as vampire sympathizers .
va	NNS	Unfortunately , enemy numbers still remain at nearly a dozen in the deepest reaches of our territory , and that 's troublesome .
va	NN	The Stalker Men were a manifestation of Level Zero .
va	NN	If he was right about tonight , there was the possibility of a serious rumble , and she was going to need clean steel to work with .
va	NN	A plot devised to test his allegiance to the King ?
va	NNS	Nikolas groaned , already weary of this mundane conversation .
va	NN	Sorry , honey , " she said .
va	NN	Giving myself a mental count down I slowly turned the knob , then when I was ready I jumped into the room yelling surprise !
va	NNS	The final ten yards between them closed in seconds .
va	NNS	Men might have died in the getting of it for David .
va	NN	The ache in his head was fading .
va	NN	There were a fine grain where the metal had been folded .
va	NNS	His instruments indicated they were on line and working properly .
va	NN	Another gust of wind screeched up from the canyon .
va	NNS	the hostess asks Anthony .
va	NNS	Men are both divine and evil -- we are the ones who create and then corrupt our creations .
va	NN	Beyond that threshold the adept will find pooled , limitless , reservoirs of good or evil throughout existence and time .
va	NN	A statement she knew was false as far as she was concerned anyway .
va	NNS	Inside , impatient patients sat forlornly along several jumbled rows of uncomfortable chairs .
va	NN	" What a scoundrel !
va	NN	Every community that we visited had posted a set of rules limiting the people who were allowed to live there .
va	NN	But seriously , who doesn 't know what a handshake is ?
va	NN	" There 's no radio .
va	NN	A delicious shiver raced through her .
va	NNS	Even if one of the people here bled , the monsters couldn 't smell it .
va	NN	" Dr. Talbot , " the detective amends .
va	NNS	When we were in the car and buckling our seat belts , our gazes caught .
va	NN	A modest bonfire crackled in the center of a small square .
va	NN	The stream wasn 't very wide , maybe three feet at it 's widest point , from what I could see .
va	NN	Marshall came another step forward , the pistol pointed at Kat 's face .
va	NN	But Mom , his diet is atrocious !
va	NNS	More sweet silences occurred , in which we 'd look into each other 's eyes and say nothing .
va	NN	Your task is simply to deliver the letter and to speak not of our adventures to other than the envoy himself . "
va	NN	After days of walking though long grass and bendy saplings , the terrain changed .
va	NNS	Crude medical devices lay broken and scattered across the rooms .
va	NNS	Eris held out her hand and the owl extended a clenched claw , dropping two small bright pink blossoms onto her palm .
va	NNS	The particulars are for the Jets to discover .
va	NNS	The kittens lost just as many meals as they gained because of the other three .
va	NN	The grace of our lord Yeshua will be with you forever . "
va	NN	" The weather 's fantastic .
va	NN	The young mage watched as its neck whipped around .
va	NN	Return , yes , return with news of our location ! '
va	NNS	Now the houses were older , and this time everything was familiar .
va	NNS	Rhys shook his head .
va	NN	The fire department might have to get her unstuck .
va	NN	Her water pouch had enough left in it to last her the remainder of the day , but she had no food .
va	NN	His h * ps moved , stroking his c * ck in and out of her working mouth .
va	NN	Darkness will come regardless .
va	NN	Or there was the sunrise .
va	NNS	If you can 't get over that , all the talks in the world aren 't going to do a bit of good . "
va	NNS	The FBI agents leave and return with sandwiches .
va	NN	The jolt of recognition seemed to bring the world to a staggering halt .
va	NN	There was one switchable glass partition for bathroom privacy that could be turned nearly opaque .
va	NNS	Cass chuckled , leaning down towards me , his face inches from mine .
va	NNS	Just then Eyes gave out a yell as he landed with a thud at their feet .
va	NNS	Kat 's lashes still fanned her cheeks , but she was finally smiling , and some of the pressure eased off my chest .
va	NN	The very last glimmer from the setting sun bathed Ezio and Pietro in a dull red light .
va	NNS	The sands of time bury most things , but a few remain . "
va	NNS	" Those ain 't heavy enough ; we need − " The tables pitched forward , falling against Ellis ' back .
va	NNS	Containment pens were visible all over the country and were filling up .
va	NNS	Sebastian 's guests started arriving shortly after that .
va	NNS	The two refugees nodded their agreement and struggled to stand , leaning heavily against each other .
va	NN	Passion and satisfaction go hand in hand , and without them , any happiness is only temporary , because there 's nothing to make it last .
va	NNS	" No tricks , " Nate said , holding out the pepper spray .
va	NN	Luke was standing over him , a black silhouette outlined by the sun .
va	NN	The proximity of the airport to their intended overnight stop worried McBride .
va	NNS	The waiters and waitresses wore authentic old English costumes , and the menus were old English , also .
va	NN	Fury bubbled again ; his hand twitched toward his back .
va	NN	That evacuation had been such a long time ago ; I was surprised he 'd give it a thought .
va	NN	Just then a gust of wind blew , loosening her hair and fluttering it about .
va	NN	Not only is organic waste in landfill an environmental disaster , but also a waste of precious landfill space , which is in increasingly short supply .
va	NNS	The meters are ticking as we speak and everyone 's getting richer .
va	NN	He was barely standing on the outside of it , facing me , the hel hounds now between us .
va	NN	Fear crushed her lungs .
va	NNS	" The circumstances might prompt him to set aside his distaste for violence . '
va	NN	The barn smelled different .
va	NN	Usually Dad 's girlfriend , Sara , joins us to sample whatever gastronomic experiment is on tap for the week .
va	NNS	Our male customers could appreciate that fact .
va	NN	His SUV waits in the lot , parked diagonally across two handicap spaces .
va	NNS	His claws are longer than my fingers and cool to the touch .
va	NNS	Chances are , before that night , he hadn 't .
va	NNS	" If both futures currently exist ?
va	NNS	Rhys turned to me , his face still shining with laughter .
va	NN	Each planet had its own First Fleet .
va	NNS	He walked out on to the stage , the brightness of the lights momentarily destabilizing him .
va	NN	There were people rioting in the streets .
va	NNS	The meals at Altamira were good , and nothing like the institutional food one would expect .
va	NN	The alternative , turning back to the cave , sounded worse .
va	NNS	The doctors had explained that the machines could keep her going almost indefinitely .
va	NN	" A healthy young god like you ? "
va	NNS	Our gazes hold for a long tense moment , and I cannot help but remember how easily Beast accepted the risks I took .
va	NN	Fallen grit and pebbles obscured two cameras .
va	NN	My elbow bumped the door , letting in a rush of cool air .
va	NNS	The wounds in his side pulsed in agony .
va	NN	The perfume stayed longer than the hug , which morphed into Claire 's being held at arm 's length and shaken like a rag doll .
va	NN	The bass took it in a swirl .
va	NN	My blood boiled and my mind seethed .
va	NNS	There are a thousand and one excuses I could make .
va	NNS	Tears are running freely down my face now but I 've past the point of caring .
va	NNS	Tears trickled from the corners of Madison 's eyes .
va	NN	This necklace is to be cherished .
va	NN	His gut clenched , and desire shot through him , piercing and sweet .
va	NNS	Tears pricked her eyes .
va	NN	Her comment caught me off guard , and I heard an unexpected kindness in her words .
va	NNS	" Your assumptions are a bit inflated .
va	NN	The poisonous cloud of nerve gas was beginning to waft upward from the surrounding valleys .
va	NNS	Normal circumstances , however , did not generally include the ghosts of British teenagers and magical buzzing rocks .
va	NNS	The counter tops were white tile .
va	NN	But its major tool is illusion . "
va	NNS	" Hundreds of people come in here every night .
va	NN	The painting was riveting .
va	NN	" The road 's kinda rocky right now , but things will improve greatly .
va	NN	Gustav 's nephew finally took his leave just after ten , blaming an early start the next day .
va	NN	" It 's so good to see you again , too , " the president said to her .
va	NNS	A few patches of snow gleamed in shaded hollows .
va	NN	The suite was my sanctuary , the one place in hunter territory where it felt as if Derek 's presence still lingered .
va	NNS	The conservative camps grew stronger over the thirty years .
va	NN	A ripple of murmurs runs through the crowd .
va	NNS	There are hundreds of screens , some of them sit in small individual consoles , some of them are nearly thirty foot wide .
va	NN	The bread in his mouth turned stale , and the bowl in his hands nearly slipped loose .
va	NN	The whip continued to fall .
va	NNS	But I was also wondering , were they dogs ?
va	NNS	Moments later the door screeched open .
va	NNS	There are secrets everywhere .
va	NNS	His fangs sank into her flesh in the next instant .
va	NN	The next morning Elena noticed that Meredith stil looked pale and languid , and that her eyes slid away if Stefan happened to glance at her .
va	NNS	There were some farms not far north , and just to the east ... " This ridge backs on a long slope .
va	NNS	Within minutes of the ball drop in Times Square , hundreds of people around the Square were either dead or dying .
va	NNS	The bell rings and I gaze around the room to see that there are more than a hundred students .
va	NN	His assistant was driving his car to his mountain place and had problems .
va	NNS	The attackers , however , didn 't seem concerned with them .
va	NN	The satellite link provided a clear picture even this far from headquarters with all the scrambling .
va	NN	" The nak * d man ? "
va	NNS	My five dollars wasn 't going to cover the wine .
va	NN	On more than one occasion Alfonso had to bluff his way out of hot spots his handler created for him .
va	NNS	Arms abruptly slip around my waist and draw me back .
va	NN	Her talent could be essential in a team like that .
va	NNS	Suddenly the noises stopped .
va	NNS	Tears streamed down her face .
va	NNS	His patients are there too , along with all of his notes and potions .
va	NN	This delusion of pretending to be is a bad idea .
va	NN	I talked to a couple of hiring managers , shopped a little then saw a brochure about Vancouver .
va	NNS	Yours is silver . "
va	NN	The trader had bought the horse from Dacre , whom he had known as a squatter down near Kansas Town .
va	NN	Her sobs subside and a wave of hope sweeps over her .
va	NN	Instead , Fury took the brunt of her weight while he nuzzled her neck and held her tight .
va	NN	A rogue planet is a planet which does not orbit a star .
va	NNS	Our esteemed guests are to be shown to the family 's private quarters and there given a chance to freshen up .
va	NNS	" The pads on a cat 's feet are climbing aids and shock absorbers .
va	NN	The scarf , which was wrapped about her face , fell about her shoulders .
va	NNS	The cracks just widened and widened until that was all there was .
va	NNS	What other events had shaped the determined , driven man he 'd become ?
va	NNS	Men who seem mysterious or brooding or have ' deep dark secrets ' could intrigue and entice you .
va	NNS	Like the boss the sailors also understood that these were obviously no ordinary glasses .
va	NNS	Yours is good , but it 's not the same . "
va	NNS	" Yes , the vibrations were there tonight .
va	NN	Of course Jake 's lawyer would know how long they had been divorced .
va	NNS	The doctors were pulling him away from me , sticking needles in him , putting him on a gurney .
va	NNS	The forces that wish to define the face of Truth remain in heated violent dissension ; storming the spirit of this planet .
va	NNS	Our attackers conveniently chose that moment to finally show themselves .
va	NNS	There are some missing links .
va	NNS	The games had already started and I was right in the middle ... I just had to play along .
va	NN	The site was part of the U.S. Developmental Test Command .
va	NNS	But without humans , gods were nothing .
va	NNS	His bookcases had fallen , spilling books everywhere .
va	NNS	Of course the doctors thought she was hallucinating and kept with their task .
va	NN	Dirty laundry mixed with books on the hardwood floor .
va	NN	Truth , a bath will be nice .
va	NN	" An old recluse does live up there ; me . "
va	NN	" Stefan said , pul ing her up beside him .
va	NNS	Tears began to streak down the man 's cheek , channeling through his wrinkles until they merged at the cleft of his chin .
va	NN	What the fuck had gotten into me ?
va	NN	And his shovel was short , half the length of a regular one . "
va	NN	A deeper recess held couches , providing a more intimate gathering spot .
va	NNS	" There are two options .
va	NNS	There were several sets of amber flashing lights below .
va	NN	The hideous laugh from across the table echoed across the room , amusement on the face of the Grand Master as he watched her demise .
va	NN	Need some privacy please . "
va	NN	There was a little arrow at the top of the message , pointing left .
va	NN	His messenger was a dark bird , larger than any ordinary bird and as large as any man was .
va	NNS	Tears burn in my throat and behind my eyes , but I refuse to let them fall .
va	NNS	Tears were starting to fall .
va	NNS	The brownies might sustain her if the search took longer than expected .
va	NNS	The black monks continued their approach , and the first clown reached the dais and sank into a deep bow .
va	NNS	The ships of the Imperium were now almost upon them , and the climax of the chase was at hand .
va	NN	Plus , my tan could use a base coat . "
va	NNS	The dogs pulled their sled down the steps and waited at the bottom expectantly .
va	NN	" Anybody want orange juice ? "
va	NN	The laundry is an excuse to come home ?
va	NN	The lawyer stormed out of the room , all spitfire and rage , while Corrado stood , as calm as could be .
va	NNS	The real bull riders are going to get a few drinks before getting laid . "
va	NN	A mind-boggling surge sucked him down .
va	NN	" The Farm , we could go to the Farm . "
va	NN	Anybody could have gotten in your pants .
va	NN	Her slap had shaken something in me .
va	NN	Raven took off his travel sack and sat across from her .
va	NNS	Recent events had probably heightened her appetite , the stress of disappearing into a sinkhole , then hiking through an underground river and camping outdoors .
va	NN	Her headache began to fade as she sat and tried to gather herself .
va	NNS	" The nobles went first .
va	NNS	" There 're some funny passages in here .
va	NN	Raven touched Shea 's bruised throat with gentle fingers .
va	NN	" Drink , damn you , " Valerius snarled .
va	NNS	Tears wet the soft velvet of Cameron 's dressing gown .
va	NNS	Tears burned in her throat and behind her eyes .
va	NN	A dull ache pounded on the right side of his lower back .
va	NNS	Chances were the man would return .
va	NNS	Black , intricate braids floated in a halo around her head .
va	NN	Once they arrived at the museum , the flyer was right there on a billboard , just as they 'd hoped .
va	NN	To the right of the shelf , was a towel rack , fashioned from two wooden brackets and a length of broomstick .
va	NNS	Before she reached the cage , the tent 's curtains moved aside again .
va	NNS	" Torture chambers are hot places . "
va	NN	The coordinates were ... nowhere .
va	NN	" Your headache , I mean ? "
va	NNS	Tears leaped into Julia 's eyes , and she was helpless to stop them from running down her cheeks .
va	NNS	Was he kicking her out before they 'd even begun ?
va	NNS	Fifty thousand dollars was a lot of money , as was the second payout if she completed her job , but it wasn 't worth it .
va	NN	His slips might not smell like roses when he went to use them , but if he was jumped maybe they wouldn 't be found .
va	NNS	The cuts will not get infected . "
va	NN	Anything sounded better than finding the truth behind those eyes , the horrible truth that was bound to be attached to whatever was going on .
va	NNS	The earrings stayed uncomfortably warm , and the restless feeling became overpowering .
va	NN	A bunch of cooks hovered over enormous woks in the chaotic open kitchen .
va	NNS	But hot blondes she 'd " fought " before were rare .
va	NNS	Tears streaked down Rachel 's pretty face .
va	NNS	" If the monarch is unfit to rule , the nobles of the court can vote him , or her , incompetent .
va	NN	A thin white spire rises from a thick circular tube like structure .
va	NNS	Maybe what we had was an illness , like Kells had said .
va	NN	A wide candle burned deep inside cream-colored wax on the desk , casting long shadows on the wall .
va	NN	The sheer arrogance of her pose made Alexandra so angry that her voice shook .
va	NNS	The sidewalks were busy with folks moving slowly under the store canopies and balconies , trying , but failing , to stay dry .
va	NNS	Although it was indeed bitter , there were still a few pockets of sweetness left .
va	NN	Your nephew will have to wait . "
va	NN	A single stream , spear headed by one glint of bright , red blood , flowed across his face and into his beard .
va	NN	For him , the journey from the charred ruins of Shattered Rock didn 't end at Lock Core .
va	NN	A splashing sounded behind him .
va	NN	A muscle ticked in his jaw again .
va	NNS	" The meds will make you sick if you don 't get something in your stomach .
va	NN	And better still , a volley of arrows flies from the south as well .
va	NN	The calendar in court that day was light .
va	NNS	And these twelve mounds were the only feature left in the Sahara .
va	NN	The glass door clicked shut as Dean walked in behind me .
va	NNS	Amos turned to the left , Dillon hurried to catch up .
va	NN	" The library , " she replied .
va	NN	A vacuum of silence followed her words .
va	NN	Where is his estate ? "
va	NNS	Too bad intentions meant nothing when faced with the most perfect tongue .
va	NN	The chopper flew into the air , breaking through the clouds .
va	NNS	Rhys just laughed , that impressive chest rumbling with the greatest sound I 'd ever heard .
va	NNS	Men reacted strangely to me .
va	NNS	The trunks were usually about the thickness of a telephone pole and complex networks of branches and twigs would fan out from them .
va	NN	Tom stared straight ahead , glassy eyed , guiding the car up the curve of the driveway .
va	NN	Soon so will everybody else . "
va	NNS	All our earthly struggles will be for nought .
va	NN	The first composition was an instrumental piece and it was really soothing .
va	NN	Our community was a beautiful little place , almost like its own little village in the big city of The Hague .
va	NNS	The scars these spirits might inflict can be more damaging than anything Simone or Alexander can do to you .
va	NN	When you did it , every mama in sight fell into spasms of terror and violent hope .
va	NN	That stream is the place Elliott and I last saw him .
va	NNS	' Haan , it is a job of police , ' Jyoti didi said , complaining , ' twenty-four hours on duty .
va	NNS	The hairs on the back of his neck stood on end .
va	NNS	The owners strode into a room ten feet from her hiding place .
va	NN	The material seemed to hold some type of liquid but he hadn 't a clue as to what .
va	NN	The landscape had a ghostly look , as though he could walk straight through it .
va	NN	His sobbing pierces the air .
va	NNS	The hoses weren 't long enough and it took me a few minutes to find the correct fittings to attach more length .
va	NN	The title comes up on a black frame , with some austere , brooding piano music : OBSESSION .
va	NN	The rotten decay was so overpowering , like these vampires and wolves had been here for weeks , but they knew that couldn 't be .
va	NNS	The delegates agreed that an initial list of candidates would be presented the next day , with a representative personally offering a candidate for consideration .
va	NN	There was bread also .
va	NNS	Larger houses had rooms tucked behind the staircase and perhaps a second room in front of the staircase on the upper floors .
va	NNS	The doctors say it 's going to be touch and go for the next forty-eight to seventy-two hours . "
va	NNS	Hours had passed by that stage , but we were still damp from the rain .
va	NNS	Without it , the connections would unravel .
va	NNS	Leaves of every size and shape fell down around him -- orange and brown -- autumn 's version of snow .
va	NNS	Only the finest specimens were good enough for me .
va	NNS	Several taxis waited for guests checking out , but we walked past them , opting instead for a random cab passing by several blocks from the hotel .
va	NN	Her revelation was abrupt and shocking .
va	NN	Every muscle seemed to ache from the workout .
va	NNS	The other customers went back to their own worlds .
va	NN	' Depending on how urgent the cargo was ... gosh , I don 't know ... one , two days , max . '
va	NN	Rock 's buzzer buzzed .
va	NN	Somehow , a reporter had managed to get shots of his night with Ashley .
va	NN	Brick 's solution didn 't promise much .
va	NNS	Men shouted and screamed nearby .
va	NN	Though the temptation was pretty damn great .
va	NNS	The crickets and tree frogs had quit their singing sometime earlier , and the barn was deeply quiet .
va	NNS	The colorful sights of the vegetable and meat displays and the sounds of cheerful vendors helped lift his spirits .
va	NN	The fog washes over her , making her look like a dream within a dream .
va	NNS	" So how long have you folks been for sale ? "
va	NNS	His fists clenched in her jacket .
va	NNS	" But angels don 't exist .
va	NN	A silvery lake crawled across the lowland , brilliant and sparkling under the sun .
va	NNS	Those lessons had always served him well over the years , but he had still missed his absent mentor .
va	NN	The adrenalin dump was instantaneous .
va	NN	The man 's number one priority is himself . "
va	NNS	Tears ran down her cheek .
va	NNS	Hours could feel like days , or conversely , days could pass in only a few minutes .
va	NNS	Polonius had explained to him that these nomad hordes had little liking for farmers who attempted to sow crops on their ancestral pasture lands .
va	NNS	At $ 2.25 with every push of the button , her twenty bucks vanished almost before she knew it .
va	NNS	While she was furtively gazing down Oxford Street , crowds of drunken revellers were passing by : mainly students from the local university .
va	NN	The entire temple suddenly shifts its weight , the room Rift has just exited breaking off completely .
va	NN	Her gut lurched at the thought , but she rallied .
va	NN	" The owner will - " Not know .
va	NN	A shiver rippled through me .
va	NN	Another distant explosion sounded .
va	NN	If she hadn 't muted its audio , a beep would now be disturbing the night .
va	NN	Fear for his safety , worry that she 'd lose him , blinded her and made her sloppy .
va	NN	We waited for a few heartbeats ; then Mistral and Abe stood , mud coating their lower legs .
va	NNS	" There 's only some frontier colonies there .
va	NN	And my sidekick can smell you .
va	NNS	Andris was still missing since the fight with Torin , so he 'd be no help .
va	NNS	Not all the goods she carries appear on a manifest .
va	NNS	Cronus said , " This is very serious .
va	NNS	" Only chickens are afraid of roaches . "
va	NNS	Up ahead , white gauze streamers caught my attention .
va	NNS	All sorts of fun stuff . "
va	NN	A shiver runs down my spine , something that has never happened with anyone but Ketchup before .
va	NN	Every culture has its myths , legends , and monsters .
va	NN	Colony had a number for this attrition : one in seventy .
va	NNS	The beasts wouldn 't be able to reach him , even if they jumped .
va	NN	Then , a hunger pang hit her out of left field and she could feel her mouth watering as she longed for an animal to feed on .
va	NN	Talk about the most uncool question that 's ever left my lips .
va	NN	The price of my participation is a breakfast . "
va	NN	When Reed knocked at the front door the housekeeper eyed him suspiciously .
va	NNS	" The numbers are too big .
va	NN	The empty asphalt demonstrated It was still Monday , a holiday .
va	NN	His first impression couldn 't have been more wrong .
va	NNS	The first three shells took the top of his head clean off .
va	NN	The squash court is another possibility .
va	NN	The calmness soothed her .
va	NNS	Moments later a faint odor of propane found its way to the staircase and he took a deep breath and held it .
va	NN	" The fourth oddity is that Simon Hunter received a blow to the head while alive .
va	NNS	The vibrations of his groan sent ripples of sensation skipping across her nerves .
va	NNS	The sleeves of his priest gown were looking like wings .
va	NN	An extra twinge from some recess of my mind added to my tension .
va	NNS	But a few cuts and bruises weren 't going to stop him from finishing what he started .
va	NN	The colonel 's sudden slap snapped his head to the side .
va	NNS	Atticus slowly lifted up his hand .
va	NNS	" There are advantages to having feet with active metabolism . "
va	NNS	Her breasts felt full and ached for attention .
va	NNS	There were three thousand dollars altogether , and he began counting it out on the table top .
va	NNS	The storms weren 't over .
va	NN	Just looking at her sent a spear piercing his body .
va	NNS	In the distance , new houses stand in various stages of completion .
va	NN	The latter was a slender man in an ordinary gray-green suit , his arms loose at his sides , his face blank and expressionless .
va	NNS	" How do your stitches feel ? "
va	NNS	" What are your intentions toward Charlotte ? "
va	NNS	" When Liliana comes to the Fortress , the other wives go elsewhere . "
va	NNS	The lawyers will sue ' em outta business and that 'll be that . "
va	NN	" Why would a witch curse me ? "
va	NNS	The bubbles tickled my nose and for a minute I thought I might sneeze .
va	NNS	Border dwellers had told him that devils lived even in the flames .
va	NN	Her stress drained away and she wanted to stay in the moment for as long as possible .
va	NN	After a long while , her grief shaped into something different .
va	NN	There was an ache in his voice .
va	NN	The darkest , focused on an area about a mile and a half in diameter , showed complete devastation .
va	NNS	Scores tapped on the board with a yellow pencil .
va	NN	" Anybody call for me today ? "
va	NNS	My head jerks and Abby falters .
va	NNS	The ashes of our battlegrounds are still here , though , along with a lingering hostility .
va	NN	The survival horror series brings to life the struggle of Abraham Heinz , his family , and the torment of a world facing extinction .
va	NN	Fear and adrenaline coursed through my veins .
va	NN	Then a powerful gust of hot air blasted through the ravine .
va	NNS	Tears shimmered in her eyes .
va	NNS	$ 4.2 Billion dollars was more than he could grasp .
va	NNS	On the way up , my breasts brushed his chest , and he hauled me against him .
va	NN	An amused smirk touches his lips .
va	NN	" The total is three billion , five hundred sixty-nine million .
va	NNS	She 'd grace his side at glittering Parisian soirees , stand at his elbow at the gaming tables in Monte Carlo .
va	NN	I make them , ' said the god .
va	NN	" There was a stable by the ... the inn where I was raised .
va	NNS	Tree roots from miles down shot from within the rocky core , swirling together and weaving a barricade which would enclose Hero and Lina together .
va	NNS	A slow hiss escaped Townsend 's throat .
va	NN	What could a mere apprentice offer ?
va	NN	The shiver that went through him encouraged her to further exploration .
va	NN	The wizard tried to protest when she kissed him again , tried to warn her of the blood in his mouth .
va	NN	Anything that hot would have burnt up anything in his pockets - even if the pants themselves were heat-resistant .
va	NN	Raven managed laughter through her tears .
va	NNS	Our mouths met in an almost angry frenzy .
va	NN	Any resemblance to actual persons living or dead , events , or locales is entirely coincidental .
va	NNS	The prisoners knelt in the center , each held upright by a soldier , whose face was covered with a black mask , concealing his identity .
va	NNS	" However , " I continued reading , " reflections are . "
va	NN	Our only task is to enjoy the sail and each other . "
va	NNS	" I see why you are intrigued by them , " one Messenger said .
va	NNS	Prue 's palms were sweaty .
va	NNS	Bullets began chopping into the lake close to the police boat .
va	NNS	The shirts and rods and camping supplies .
va	NNS	That thing rides like a dream . "
va	NNS	There were tables on one end of the room with chairs stacked on top of them .
va	NN	" No harm in telling her where you are , " Diego said .
va	NNS	The prince toys with his silver cufflinks , in the same way that Elliott does his .
va	NN	The sexy swagger and casual air that were so much a part of him never ceased to amaze her .
va	NNS	And the guests will hear about it and they won 't come .
va	NN	The director , Mr. Hardesty , greeted me at the door .
va	NN	The motive behind the attack , many believe is an angry reaction to the play , by someone local .
va	NNS	In the box were hundreds of photographs .
va	NNS	Tears stung her eyes .
va	NN	Twenty minutes ago the congregation was voicing prayers for the Godspeed return of all our soldiers .
va	NN	Any softness she 'd ever had toward him had disappeared .
va	NNS	At the apex of the swell , when Liam swears he can reach up and touch the moon , blackness takes over .
va	NNS	Tears spilled heavily from her eyes .
va	NN	In the center of his forehead , a tiny purple hole .
va	NNS	" My robots are necessary .
va	NN	The sleigh was shiny red , and it reflected the light of thousands of bulbs .
va	NNS	" Those fools decided to resist .
va	NNS	Tears sneaked out of my eyes .
va	NN	There was not a trace of surprise on her face .
va	NNS	The ugly glances changed instantly .
va	NN	The witch must really have cursed him .
va	NNS	Inside he found hundreds of wicker cages , each containing a song bird .
va	NN	And my eyesight 's strong enough to easily see through the water . "
va	NN	The vegetable dish was a mix of greens harvested from the shallow water and steamed over an open fire .
va	NN	Leif had been her ally and friend , goodness knows she needed friends .
va	NNS	Most hunters chose not to marry , knowing that their wives and children could be used against them .
va	NNS	Five Fey hunters surrounded Declan and aimed for him with their bows .
va	NN	The northern landscape suffused experience with a profound connection to the spirit of nature ; informing the complexities of his work as an artist .
va	NN	The explosion was spectacular .
va	NNS	" Figures , " Javier muttered under his breath as he sat up against a tree .
va	NN	Dan ' r said , holding the bow and quiver towards Gel .
va	NN	The jolt throws our heads to the side , and I hear my children 's necks snap in the back seat .
va	NNS	Through the windows , Ion saw a magnificent city outside , its structures rising to dwarf any city Ion had ever been to .
va	NNS	Hundreds of people lined the terminal , waving blue fans , pictures of blue eyes , and signs with " Mac ! "
va	NN	Town rumor swore High Rock was some sort of burial mound .
va	NNS	Yours and the baby 's . "
va	NN	There was a huge iron grill in the middle , and eight chairs all around .
va	NNS	The brethren disliked this vision of the good father and were much perturbed .
va	NN	The restraint followed her into the bedroom , caused her to take charge of her sexual encounters so she wouldn 't feel vulnerable .
va	NN	" We didn 't lose her , " Carmine spat , the edge of anger stabbing his words .
va	NN	The toddler pursed her little lips in consideration .
va	NN	The housekeeper signaled to the chef and his assistant frantically .
va	NNS	The Legion 's intentions are clear .
va	NNS	Seconds later there is an impatient rustle of paper , then the abbess speaks .
va	NNS	But , around the perimeter of the building , hundreds of broken down bricks sat in the overgrown grass .
va	NNS	Wolves were a whole other species .
va	NN	Somebody should want to know exactly what happened to her and why .
va	NNS	There were no other decorations , though .
va	NN	Mama tells me to stay away from them .
va	NNS	These few sentence fragments seemed a chore for the girl to speak .
va	NN	A sire is responsible for his vampire child . "
va	NN	The tomato was so hot it burned my tongue .
va	NN	There was additionally a knife sheath shoved into the top edge of the sash with the bone handle of a rather oversized knife protruding from it .
va	NNS	The cubs looked at each other , their big eyes filling with fear again .
va	NN	his buddy yelled at her .
va	NNS	The seating hostess showed them to a booth .
va	NN	Now that I 'd come face to face with him again , the resemblance really was unmistakable .
va	NN	The snack mix had dried out his throat .
va	NNS	Both cops looked Dylan and Deni over and exchanged knowing smirks .
va	NNS	His manners are perfect .
va	NN	The president breathed her name like a prayer .
va	NNS	What were her assets ?
va	NNS	Her breasts heaved with each convulsing breath .
va	NNS	Carpathians could easily control the behavior of humans they took blood from , yet Aidan had asked that they not do such a thing .
va	NN	The director is waiting for you on the second floor .
va	NN	The lapels were a dark gray color , the shirt underneath matched the lapels and his tie matched the suit that perfectly matched his eyes .
va	NNS	Scores leapt from the car before the motor stopped .
va	NNS	It was raining all right -- fire , rocks , blood and body parts fell from the sky .
va	NN	The fairy surely didn 't come out that door you just made .
va	NN	" This planet is very cold compared to our homeworld , " the larger alien responded .
va	NNS	I 'm certain the pistol is worthless now , its magic charges overloaded .
va	NNS	Whispered comments and low murmuring voices followed her everywhere .
va	NN	Fear dug into her limbs as the voice got closer .
va	NN	His appearance had changed some , but with a close look she could probably tell who he was .
va	NN	The drummer , Travis , and I had even had lunch together twice , and when we were working he had established himself as my resident bodyguard .
va	NN	In his years of driving , the cabbie had seen plenty of interesting behavior from people .
va	NN	A liver and eyes leapt from the ground .
va	NN	And the result was clear .
va	NN	The thirsty sheep looked up at him .
va	NNS	The hunters prepared their bows and the sailors prepared the cannons .
va	NNS	Aunt Darla 's counselors were right all along ... One step forward .
va	NNS	The other vans and cars were mowing them down the same way .
va	NN	The flame caught and the priestess cried out , yanking off her cloak .
va	NNS	The phones were out of reach ; he 'd grab her before she could get to one .
va	NNS	The robes were rough wool and hung off the slight figures , but they were spotless and showed not a wrinkle .
va	NN	" When I die , your custody will shift to him .
va	NNS	Fergus did , and Myron explained .
va	NNS	It was just him verses two armed hunters , one with a stun stick .
va	NNS	The headlights jetted in front of the car , like a knife slicing through muddy water .
va	NNS	Mothers and other bystanders all had their cell phones out .
va	NN	And the journey ended up being one mishap after another .
va	NN	Knowing that she was there bidding on money that Benjamin was trying to buy her back with , made Mandi 's victory all the sweeter for Sergio .
va	NNS	With a final loud chant the struggling and howling ghouls vanish beneath the soil .
va	NNS	Their gazes locked , flashing violet against icy green .
va	NN	The tiny white library which stood on the property was very clear in my mind through all the dark years .
va	NNS	And yet , somehow the tides had turned .
va	NNS	At the base of the valley , hundreds of seed pods rested , dropped spheres dotted with circular openings .
va	NN	The price on it could have bought me a round-trip ticket to another galaxy .
va	NNS	The hairs on her neck were on full alert at this point ; someone was in the room with them .
va	NN	The depression from the dreams of the night before still held on , as did the anger of what Liam had done to Adela .
va	NN	Until he reciprocated , his forefinger slipping inside the lace of her bra and finding the overly sensitive nipple underneath .
va	NN	Like magic , her exhaustion disappeared .
va	NNS	After all , the doctors all believed I needed help .
va	NNS	To make it more complicated , some towns had rules that you had to be a certain colour and be in the right tribe to get in .
va	NN	The fetid odor hit my nostrils , churning my stomach .
va	NNS	Scientists debunked that theory a very long time ago . "
va	NN	The basis of faith lies in assumption -- why should my FAITH prove so dangerous ?
va	NN	' In fact , my gear is already in the master bedroom .
va	NN	My stallion snorted uneasily at the downpour and took several steps backward .
va	NN	The jury 's deliberation went on and on .
va	NN	His comment , however trite and possibly sarcastic , did not match the look in his eyes .
va	NN	Sampson came up with the bottle of Glen Miller scotch , about half full .
va	NNS	Tears were in her little voice .
va	NNS	Within an hour his troubles increased .
va	NNS	My panties were off .
va	NN	Second , devotion to her Nephilim bloodline .
va	NN	The moment Danny came to rest , a circular patch spread out beneath his body , bright and solid .
va	NN	Anybody worth two million can surely pick his seat on a Greyhound . "
va	NNS	Huge cracks ran out from it , not only in the cement walk but in the earth surrounding it .
va	NNS	Beads of perspiration lined his forehead .
va	NNS	The footfalls stopped about ten feet away from the stairs behind which Kaylee hid .
va	NN	Talk is dangerous . "
va	NNS	His fangs had extended , but they did not drop over his bottom lip .
va	NNS	The explosions of Aros 's firearms added to the confusion and many times broke the concentration of the musicians ' spells .
va	NN	The latter seemed more and more likely as I rifled through my closet for my only dress , which was usually reserved for special occasions .
va	NN	According to Bartley , " sire " and " Your Highness " were the forms of address etiquette demanded for the occasion .
va	NN	Any resemblance to actual persons , establishment , events , or locales is entirely coincidental .
va	NNS	The vibrations stopped and I lifted my hands away , feeling drained and sweaty .
va	NN	The bucket filled quickly and I replaced it with another .
va	NNS	Jez thought he could smell fish , were his senses playing tricks on him ?
va	NNS	There are about three hundred jobs and the people in this area get to put in our applications first .
va	NNS	These beings are without souls .
va	NNS	The songs became popular and all six of us took our share .
va	NN	The chain-link fence at the back of the property cradled him like a wiry catcher 's mitt , and he rolled forward onto the ground .
va	NN	" Just when you think you have all the pieces , the puzzle changes . "
va	NNS	Tears brightened his eyes , and he smiled as if he 'd never stop .
va	NN	Your victory lies in the love for your fellow ancient ones .
va	NN	At a fork in the trail , Raven took a hand out from under his cape to point which direction .
va	NNS	His engineers were producing a new weapon that he was getting ready to put on the black market .
va	NNS	" As long as no surprises come up . "
va	NNS	" Apparently , the shooters missed . "
va	NN	Flaming debris shot into the sky and fel into the street .
va	NNS	Her heart pounds in her chest as she hears footsteps approach .
va	NN	This time though , the service knows you 're here , so they 're certain to have ordered a special alert .
va	NN	My heavy purple plaid winter coat .
va	NN	Before anything further could be said , the waitress approached .
va	NNS	The same promise Hades had made to me .
va	NN	His Adam 's apple moved as if he too was trying to swallow , but he hadn 't eaten anything .
va	NNS	The few scars on the angular face were familiar .
va	NN	Fury ruled him , stoked by all the blood .
va	NN	Raven could feel the weight of Mikhail 's displeasure pressing down on her .
va	NN	The longing in her face told him she felt the same driving need to be close , to kiss deeply , to touch .
va	NNS	The daughters aren 't expecting much maybe a little life insurance . "
va	NN	Now , your payment will only come in kisses . "
va	NN	The egg was as large as her fist !
va	NN	What the hell is a submarine doing directly off the coast of Ellesmere Island without my knowledge ?
va	NN	His butler bowed , but made no move to leave .
va	NNS	The attorneys hesitated and then departed reluctantly .
va	NN	There was a faint trace of outrage in his tone .
va	NN	Have mercy on them was all that passed before he was dead .
va	NNS	The marijuana laws paved the way for a complete departure from individual liberty .
va	NN	The pure torment in his eyes was only visible for a second , but it was enough to send a quiver of heartache through Rebecca .
va	NN	A helicopter equipped with night vision cameras is sweeping through the area in the cover of darkness .
va	NNS	The tables and benches were plain , utilitarian , and unvarnished , and the fireplace smoked .
va	NN	There wasn 't a fence or a tree or apparently anything nailed to the house that she couldn 't climb .
va	NNS	Yes , yes , now didi will teach this rascal .
va	NNS	The pages did look of high quality .
va	NN	But there was no toothbrush , so she must have packed to leave .
va	NN	The shiver of desire raises goose bumps on my arms .
va	NN	His matches appeared to be wet and it took several attempts to start the wick .
va	NNS	Where are the chicks ? "
va	NNS	Her three sons stood beside him .
va	NNS	His songs simply weren 't their songs .
va	NN	Disappointment showed on Moses ' face , as Rosy went on : " I know I have to go with Winky .
va	NNS	The wolf 's front claws tore open Diego 's skin , raising welts of pain .
va	NN	The bell tower begins to ring .
va	NN	" This attitude will change in time , as you move beyond your role as a warrior and grow your power as a sorcerer .
va	NN	The incident was probably going to happen that afternoon .
va	NN	" Well , my fiancé surprised me with a visit this weekend , and , well , um ... I 'm going back to Chicago with him .
va	NN	With Paula out of competition the previous season , the title of kill leader had gone to Szymanski , a rookie .
va	NN	A muscle started ticking near Staffan 's tightly clenched jaw .
va	NNS	No , the events of the last few weeks had changed all that .
va	NN	An index chain later and the gist is : hole by burrowing animal equals abnormal ground condition equals relief .
va	NNS	Now some folks in a big city might think a seven year old walking home from school all alone is just trouble waiting to happen .
va	NNS	The babies would be less than two months old when the election was over , and then she 'd be free to return .
va	NN	And the result of that disrespect is the horror you 're all about to face . "
va	NN	There 's no disguising who I am , no changing my appearance so people won 't notice my distinct tendency to stay the same age .
va	NNS	" Children 's souls are not for harvesting .
va	NN	A stylish wash of light strokes colored them in .
va	NNS	Maybe eons from now I can pass on to the other world without knowing .
va	NN	As she got into her Ranger , the fire chief trudged up to us .
va	NN	A power transfer only worked in the short term , but it wasn 't something they could harness and keep .
va	NNS	The cops were too close ... ? .
va	NNS	However , my motivations were different . "
va	NNS	The lanterns flickered as I crept into the entrance of the tunnels .
va	NNS	His lashes were long and he regarded her sleepily .
va	NN	The loose material of his boxers left little to the imagination .
va	NNS	" Guys getting all sweaty is hot . "
va	NN	Even though the council have done their best to fuck it up .
va	NN	The plain was in chaos .
va	NN	Dan ' r said .
va	NN	The happiness that had been shining from her face faded , then vanished completely to be replaced by a stunned , hurt look .
va	NNS	Very few customers came by that morning .
va	NNS	Normal human beings had knees and legs and hips and bodies that were built for modest heights , but tonight that didn 't matter .
va	NN	The virus is jumping bodies every second .
va	NNS	Hundreds of years even , in noble and elite circles , arranged marriages were , and still are , quite common .
va	NNS	Of course , there were hundreds of other immortals locked away during any given decade , so ... " He shook his head .
va	NNS	Bullets ricocheted from a nearby wall .
va	NN	The temptation to drink was still strong .
va	NNS	There were grass stains on her knees .
va	NN	The lake was dark and quiet , filled with ice even in the unseasonably warm temperatures .
va	NN	Your curse was to help . "
va	NN	The largest percentage of electricity generation involves steam powered turbines .
va	NNS	The floor was tightly packed flat stones , the six pews were gray wood .
va	NNS	His expectations will be high , knowing the ancient one who came before , yet you have chosen well , my love . "
va	NN	Seconds later , the president entered .
va	NNS	So just where have the bastards gone ? "
va	NNS	What are the terms of that will , by the way ? "
va	NN	Nobody wins , everybody dies . "
va	NNS	Bones let out a snort .
va	NN	There isn 't much soap and we got lucky today . "
va	NN	An old padlock on the latch is open , so I push back the door .
va	NN	" Archive conversion complete , " the reader sounded .
va	NNS	Lights were going on all over the street , dogs were barking , curtains twitching .
va	NNS	Grass crunched beneath my feet .
va	NN	My temper got the better of me and I sent the clump of metal flying down the hall .
va	NNS	Her toes curled and her lips tingled with anticipation .
va	NN	Every muscle and bone in my body ached as I forced myself into standing position .
va	NNS	Both sets of grandparents would be there so I was really looking forward to seeing them .
va	NNS	I thought of the things we had seen in Horizons , the things Kells had said to us .
va	NNS	As Rachel rose on a cable , numerous sets of hands pulled her into the fuselage .
va	NN	The housekeeper seemed the type to go over and above the call of duty .
va	NNS	Along the shoreline of Veracruz , several naval vessels fired large canons , exploding massive booms into the air .
va	NNS	Shooting wars had started between rival drug gangs over the possession of these things .
va	NNS	The carcass lies at the edge of the trees , just within the forest .
va	NNS	The bite marks had to be the same as the deer 's .
va	NN	The radio inside would not save the town now , Michael was sure of that , but there was something larger at stake .
va	NNS	Men often wait until they are older and well-established before they marry and have a family .
va	NN	The cleavage the little pale pink sundress showed off was right there under my nose .
va	NN	The invitation took Maryanne by surprise .
va	NNS	Kathy 's daughters have never seen it , and they are all flying in from Phoenix to be with us .
va	NNS	The aftershocks continued for days after that first big quake .
va	NNS	The ships tied off next to each other at the end of a dock .
va	NNS	There are a few theories I have for that . "
va	NN	His cries do something to me that I can 't explain .
va	NNS	" Guys expect you to go for the groin first . "
va	NN	The wizard began to smirk .
va	NNS	" The cuts you saw were fresh and had been made only minutes before his death .
va	NN	My staff amulet was glowing brightly again and the exhaustion I had felt left me .
va	NNS	My scars revealed my past , and the only way I controlled that night was to keep it hidden .
va	NN	Half wanted to be called crazy .
va	NN	Unfortunately there was no champagne left in it to drink .
va	NNS	Eyes follow me as I walk past the open plan desks to the librarian .
va	NN	The bath did feel good and I waited until the water turned cold before I got out .
va	NNS	Meanwhile two other officers entered the hotel , guns drawn .
va	NNS	Even though she wouldn 't consider herself a true believer the precise instructions had surprised her .
va	NNS	" Estate agents ' window .
va	NN	The wizard looked up at the tower and raised his hand in greeting .
va	NNS	Spirits often show up to torment him and the others while they farm the land .
va	NNS	When his breath then caresses the back of my neck , my hairs stand on end .
va	NNS	Laws governing God 's kingdom are immutable .
va	NNS	The old wooden boxes the pickers use are far more important than their humble appearance would indicate .
va	NNS	However , the gods only smiled on them once .
va	NNS	Men and women of Africa let us roar and our people will eat ! "
va	NNS	Tears filled her eyes .
va	NN	And new underwear , of course , which Scarlett was going to strangle Emer for , because they were black and lacy and very small .
va	NN	Yet there was a wide gulf between them .
va	NNS	" Where are the files ? "
va	NN	There are some reasonably fresh piles of manure on the ramp .
va	NN	A helicopter flew over the top of the house as more sirens echoed in the night .
va	NNS	Tears poured from his eyes , drool dripped from his mouth and his nose leaked .
va	NNS	The doctors said he only lasted as long as he did because he was young .
va	NNS	Tears I couldn 't contain anymore broke free and I felt Clare lean in to join us .
va	NN	Forte 's cigarette had burned down nearly to the filter .
va	NN	A current of electricity went through her , sizzling straight into the core of her stomach and making her ache for release .
va	NNS	My palms begin to sweat .
va	NN	Before he could stop it , a gurgle bubbled in Perry 's throat .
va	NN	The familiarity pulled at her nerves .
va	NN	As they watched , the sucker attached to the panel , flattened .
va	NNS	Tears filled her eyes and her whole body trembled .
va	NN	" The starting bid for Phase One of the project was $ 300,000 . "
va	NN	A little punishment 's not a bad thing .
va	NNS	Miranda 's sadness shifted away as irritation over his commands surfaced and overrode her silly feelings .
va	NN	" The ultimate tool controls all Dummy Operational Bodies .
va	NNS	The boats shine white , like bone .
va	NN	A steady stream of pink liquid rinses off his flesh .
va	NNS	There were decorative multi-colored balls of various sizes hanging from the hood by thin cables .
va	NNS	The blinds were down , so she couldn 't see inside .
va	NN	This passage , I noticed , was tightly sealed .
va	NNS	There are little buttons everywhere and I push a few and realize I can make everything look even closer .
va	NNS	The other pilots hated it as well , and hated you as much as I did .
va	NN	" The trade in oil replaced the trade in slaves .
va	NNS	Our gazes met , and I felt an answering heat in his eyes .
va	NN	An iridescent stream of light leaked from Dee 's nose and spilled from her mouth .
va	NN	If I died then and there , I 'd be with Stephanie again , the struggle would be over , and it would be perfectly all right .
va	NN	" So , you 're the evil neuter king , " Fury said .
va	NN	His onslaught of violence seemed to keep beat with the heavy drum of her heart .
va	NN	" The weather is looking a bit grim , Brice .
va	NNS	The captive farmers struggled and screamed .
va	NNS	The Troika 's officials all came from the most pure vampire lines , while the rest of the vampire population came from lineages soiled by human blood .
va	NNS	" Your highness , it has been a month since we have arrived , surely we are pursuing that Nina the outrageous fiend ? "
va	NNS	The options weren 't enticing .
va	NN	The fey princess suited him far better , and probably deserved him more for the sacrifice she 'd made .
va	NN	" The explosion cracked through the cavern wall , unleashing a lake of flaming mud . "
va	NNS	English-style gardens break up a perfectly groomed lawn and the driveway forms a large loop at the front door .
va	NNS	" But the guides are not mechanical .
va	NNS	Them bastards just destroyed it all .
va	NN	After all , his once masculine frame had turned to fat years ago and his hair had receded .
va	NN	Bug opened his eyes .
va	NNS	There were really only two kinds of child prodigies - mathematical and musical .
va	NN	The soda made him feel dehydrated and the caffeine went to his head faster than he expected .
va	NN	" Usual , I guess , " the pirate replied .
va	NNS	Their boy parts are the least of your problems . "
va	NNS	Each caress lingered , stroked , teased , and healed .
va	NNS	Its loving caress steadied the boy in reassurance almost forgotten .
va	NNS	Mothers were washing clothes beside the stream running parallel with the roadway and Wil was shaded from the hot sun by the overhanging trees .
va	NN	The single blip of light had become two , close together and crossing the scope 's outer ring toward the middle one .
va	NN	" Your Majesty , the chase for the dragon is on .
va	NN	There was a period of awkward silence .
va	NNS	Hundreds of thousands of stars filled the sky .
va	NN	' What 's your Talent ? '
va	NNS	Maximus must be here soon , and the rest of the Corps ; and ought not Lily be here already ? "
va	NNS	Guys like that don 't get second chances .
va	NNS	The buttons scattered onto the hardwood floor as he jerked his shirt open and tossed it aside .
va	NNS	Slowly following Jon and Julia to the kitchen where Daniel is fixing them a meal , Running Deer feels numb .
va	NN	The drone spotted her heat signature using an infrared lens and rocketed into the cabin .
va	NN	I was on the floor , over Amelia , debris and bodies were everywhere .
va	NNS	Most parts of the Pacific are so deep we 'd never be able to visit it in person . "
va	NN	The bile crept up her throat as she remembered saying he was handsome .
va	NN	The scum from last week had a lot to answer for .
va	NNS	All female agents are off-limits to you , effective immediately .
va	NN	As much as he fought to remain out of reality his circulation restarted .
va	NNS	His fangs descended , growing longer as saliva flowed , anticipating the feast .
va	NN	Every well-placed item in the tent now sat askew .
va	NNS	My toes and fingers start to tingle .
va	NN	" A good president should stay out of the lives of people .
va	NN	A Harte and a Madison could not even drive through Eclipse Bay together without drawing interested gazes .
va	NNS	The officers advised Chris and Duff of their rights .
va	NNS	Law enforcement officials have no apparent leads , and the missing person search for Samantha Henning , the sister of Captain Arden Jones , continues .
va	NNS	The pads of her fingertips found his lips unerringly .
va	NNS	There are no lamps but there is a nightstand .
va	NN	No wonder Mal had such an attachment to safety and keeping watch .
va	NNS	Four robots occupied the back end , and another one was driving the vehicle .
va	NNS	" Those Bright fools still don 't realize there 's a seventh one out there .
va	NN	She eases back into an upright position , turning her eye array toward the selection of leftovers the sculptor has favored her with this morning .
va	NN	A thin stream of dirt trickled onto his shoulder .
va	NNS	Fellows stopped in the act of dropping his hat to a chair .
va	NN	Her visitor had temporarily distracted her thoughts , but they soon returned to Tiffany , and Gia gritted her teeth .
va	NNS	The hairs on the back of my neck stood up before I even saw you .
va	NNS	Foam and plastic cups don 't respond well to sudden inward pressure when someone squashes them due to an unexpected driving situation .
va	NNS	In narrow tunnels where we control our movements , these monsters are vulnerable .
va	NNS	Not that they helped that much but at least our eardrums didn 't feel like they were about to burst .
va	NN	The uniform comprises of a dark top , trousers and boots .
va	NNS	" The cops should patrol your neighborhood .
va	NNS	Our mouths parted as I looked up into his eyes in shock .
va	NNS	Vampire hunters , indeed , you 're thinking .
va	NNS	" Their phones were in the car . "
va	NNS	His patients deserved the sterile atmosphere his clinic offered .
va	NN	Anything would be a welcome distraction from Mrs. Frost 's obsessive retelling of Medea .
va	NNS	Greg 's photographs work to provide an unusual perspective on the beauty of nature .
va	NN	A single strand of consciousness moved through that darkness , in silence , but without fear .
va	NNS	" Some choices aren 't ours to make . "
va	NNS	The hiss of the sprayer was the loudest sound in the room .
va	NN	An explosion of pain pierced Sara 's belly .
va	NNS	Dozens of women strode this way and that .
va	NN	Fear had made them deaf to the truth .
va	NN	Kenny smiled and thanked her for the compliment , unsure what Leah meant by the Mr. Lincoln .
va	NN	" The Order is dead . "
va	NNS	The tones sounded again and seemed distinctly longer , sadder .
va	NNS	Their personalities would mesh perfectly .
va	NNS	But recent political events in the plumbers ' union colony had not been to his liking .
va	NN	The gesture surprises me greatly , and Flynn immediately lets his hand drop as though he surprised himself also .
va	NNS	Who would 've thought those pounds would make such a difference . "
va	NNS	" This is a number I 'm not used to seeing : Seven million ... websites , documents , data reports .
va	NNS	In the dim light of the mill , the marks were not clearly visible and could have been just a scratch .
va	NN	As Simon grew , that bond severed .
va	NN	" My goodness , it 's years since I saw you . "
va	NN	The bookstore was a different world in this gray , dead winter .
va	NN	The curse of my clan and the curse of being a killer 's daughter .
va	NNS	Men aren 't throwing themselves at me . "
va	NN	A snarl twisted Kalla 's pale face .
va	NNS	" The songs were the Greats ' idea .
va	NNS	The mouths were long , extending out with fish lips .
va	NNS	" All the Coalition ships that can fight are here .
va	NN	" The next event is spear throwing . "
va	NNS	Scientists didn 't like the " special universe " answer , but they had a hard time getting around it .
va	NN	Only ten percent was excitement .
va	NNS	Loud cheering broke out .
va	NNS	Sometimes important prisoners need to disappear too . "
va	NN	Sibyl 's surrender had been complete .
va	NN	The growing intensity of the melody drew the dancer closer who could be clearly identified as a young woman now .
va	NN	So , um , calling him isn 't a good idea . "
va	NNS	Our pockets rattle with the stuff .
va	NN	The helicopter was landing .
va	NNS	Wading birds took off on leathery wings , fleeing the arrival of the growling , smoking beast of a cruiser .
va	NNS	The robots were pouring in from all doors and engulfing the place .
va	NNS	" No secrets inside the family .
va	NN	The drone from a thousand private conversations dwindled to murmurs of anticipation as he took the stage .
va	NNS	Despite her intent to return to her normal life , the disturbing events of the night before had somewhat changed her priorities .
va	NNS	* * * Months went by .
va	NNS	Since , the chemicals kill the ground cover . "
va	NN	Sheriff Bates comment was we 'll search every crevice and corner of this town until those girls have been recovered .
va	NNS	" Military wives do it all the time .
va	NN	The dryness in my throat caught a lump and threatened to choke me to death right there .
va	NNS	" Your highness , do you mind if I take a walk on the beach ?
va	NNS	A long , low hiss of air heralded the working of lungs .
va	NN	There is no substitute for the proper exposure .
va	NNS	The points of the globe representing the invaders start flashing : target identified .
va	NN	" One load of contraband hardly seems worth it , " the president agreed .
va	NN	As a result , after about twenty more minutes of fighting , Wilmot 's cavalry also prevailed against the opposing cavalry .
va	NNS	Shall Men behold the Silver Tree , Or West Wind blow again between the Mountains and the Sea ?
va	NN	There is still another gathering to attend to , besides this is not the bridal room . "
va	NN	These were Amber 's rooms , the suite used by the reigning House Consort .
va	NN	The rubble spilled in every direction , rising up into ghostly shapes .
va	NN	The only contingency he had not learned how to bear was the possibility of his own madness .
va	NN	The political scandal of the century , Sexton thought , and I will be the one to reveal it !
va	NNS	Guests mingle , indistinguishable from this distance , and I hear the soft strains of Frank Sinatra drifting up to us .
va	NN	The shed loomed closer .
va	NN	" One thing I don 't understand , " Stalker said .
va	NNS	Tears sprang to her eyes again .
va	NNS	His balls tingled as the beginnings of his orgasm started .
va	NNS	A hardness settled across him .
va	NN	Two miles beyond Baldwin , a tire blew out with a crack like the blast of a shotgun .
va	NN	Finally , there was happiness underneath all those other emotions .
va	NN	Who 's your fiancé ? "
va	NNS	Dark beings buried everything , just never deep enough .
va	NNS	Around them , vessels and crafts were exploding as meteors rained down , the survivors lifting to the skies and leaving behind any that fell .
va	NNS	I kept thinking I heard strange noises , cries in the night .
va	NNS	The tweezers scraped against the bullet , and just as she 'd feared , it was buried deep in the flesh .
va	NNS	Maximus let go of my shoulder , frowning before he returned his attention back to the road .
va	NN	A huge red parachute kept her airborne as she flew through the air .
va	NN	The gunslinger did not answer .
va	NN	My skirt billowed around our hips , covering his bel y and the joining of our bodies .
va	NNS	For some reason Case didn 't understand , Scores seemed to like him .
va	NNS	There were enough customers left to keep Arlene and me moderately busy .
va	NN	" Because your dismissive attitude is offensive .
va	NNS	" The curtains are still in shreds .
va	NN	Papa Bear 's gon na do some groveling , isn 't he ? "
va	NNS	The avenues of the dead lined up in silent rows .
va	NN	A few more sparks flew , but the paper wouldn 't ignite .
va	NN	The camp director was so impressed he made her youth counselor for the summer .
va	NN	The inside lining of Edwin 's coat brushed against Julie 's shoulder .
va	NN	The tell-tale tingling of arousal rushed through my belly , descending into a sensual pull just below my abdomen .
va	NNS	Toby 's ghostly instructions were nothing but my own childish whims .
va	NNS	Savannah 's fists were clenched tightly .
va	NNS	Our forces continued pursuit to the limit of Yan 's planetary defense zone .
va	NNS	Tears clouded Colette 's eyes as something else occurred to her .
va	NNS	Tears ran down her cheeks as a heavy ache returned to her blood .
va	NNS	Tears wet his own eyes as he held her , their intense frenzy spiraling down to easy little thrusts .
va	NNS	At least two hundred guests , all elegantly dressed , filled the spacious ballroom .
va	NNS	The bleak shapes kept up their ominous chant .
va	NN	The ache in her chest grew .
va	NNS	Atticus put up an umbrella and laid down a blanket .
va	NN	A stream of smoke drifts out of the booth 's windows .
va	NNS	Dark shapes closed in on the house , creeping slowly , staying low to the ground .
va	NN	" But the great god could not look kindly upon the witches who had so troubled his beloved people .
va	NN	After an hour , the rebellious teen would be pale white with trembling hands .
va	NN	Fear burned brighter , hurrying her steps .
va	NN	As he played the disaster over and over in his head , an oddity in the terrifying memory kept on coming into focus .
va	NNS	Then the buckets come up full of blood .
va	NNS	Two shower curtain rings were hanging from each of the hangers .
va	NN	Its trajectory altered mid-flight to home in on the Elemental .
va	NNS	No duties for a full two turns .
va	NN	Seconds later , my skin vaguely registers the sensation of someone pulling the blindfold from my head and the gag from my mouth .
va	NN	Owens , shaken , a reddened scrape on one cheekbone said , " What happened ? "
va	NN	Raven cried out , welcoming the untamed beast in him , rising to meet his erotic assault .
va	NN	The twelve of us , at least , are confident in one another .
va	NNS	Can 't just rely on what falls off the back of lorries , ships are bigger . '
va	NNS	Boggs hustles us off the road toward a row of warehouses as a second hovercraft comes in for a landing .
va	NNS	White sleeves reached up and wrapped around my legs and pulled me in .
va	NNS	Yes , Justin 's choices had set the wheels in motion for everything , including my meeting King .
va	NNS	" Where are your sons , King ? "
va	NN	Somebody had found it and driven it home .
va	NN	A hitch of her breath told him her anxiety had kicked up again .
va	NN	The feverish screams from outside tear us from this horror .
va	NN	Worse , a tall fence stood at the end of the street , preventing us from going any farther .
va	NN	The continually working pump blew swirling clouds of dust after them .
va	NN	' What time is this , for heavens ' sake ? '
va	NNS	The lost files and the information she 'd picked up from what she 'd managed to read complicated things further ... ? .
va	NNS	Several pedestrians were crossing the street and traffic halted momentarily and he saw his chance .
va	NNS	His white robes flapped like wings in the wind .
va	NNS	Tears glistened across his cheeks .
va	NNS	Even the forged passports and documents were in the suitcase .
va	NN	The great bird landed beside the boy .
va	NNS	There are some pretty talented riders on the circuit . "
va	NN	There was no title , only an embossed tree sprawling across the cover .
va	NNS	Light footfalls filled the home for a moment , until Akira entered into the living room and sat herself down between her two teammates .
va	NNS	Tears rolled down to wet our conjoined faces .
va	NNS	Her dogs were chasing each other around the side yard .
va	NN	" Her lawyer doesn 't think he 'll get much at all .
va	NN	JD 's exhaustion was masking everything else .
va	NN	Again and again his hammer fell -- and where it landed , the undead were obliterated .
va	NN	The devastation to follow might well be the end of me .
va	NN	" Where did everybody go ? "
va	NNS	But wherever they ran , the monsters would find them .
va	NN	The anxiety in her voice is the same that developed in the gym after Nicholas stayed to say hello to her .
va	NN	A bulldozer rested , silent , its blade in the ground , ready to work on more construction .
va	NN	" They made something decadent out of it , " the gunslinger said .
va	NNS	" The flights were miserable getting out here and we kept getting delayed by weather .
va	NNS	Tears stained Echo 's face .
va	NNS	Military officers began pouring out of the surrounding buildings , to get a glimpse of the approaching air craft .
va	NN	Silver moonlight reflected gently off the surface in places .
va	NNS	The local citizens had fought hard to bar any more people from entering the valley .
va	NN	Not that it would 've done her any good ... another gang would 've snatched her up and treated her worse . "
va	NNS	" Not until the doctors say it 's okay . "
va	NNS	The gods had spoken , after all .
va	NN	" My gut says that the guy 's a creep .
va	NN	The witch cleared off a section of the sofa and gestured for Gideon to sit down .
va	NNS	For now , all the dogs are with Sunny .
va	NN	Yeah , ' Body and Soul , ' he loved that song .
va	NN	Orla 's irritation faded slightly .
va	NN	Then the barn will be all yours . "
va	NNS	His wounds stung from the salt but he grunted through the pain .
va	NNS	The birds are singing a merry song and this is as close to perfection in an imperfect world as I have been in many a day .
va	NNS	My jurors came from the District .
va	NN	The hedge gave way to the view of the lawn , but Shepherd focused instead on the iron gate to his left .
va	NN	Each frame was 12 " by 12 " .
va	NNS	Tears sprang to my eyes , and I her brought her towards me and held her tight .
va	NNS	Offer your breasts to me so I can suck them until you come . "
va	NNS	The sadness echoed in his eyes startles me .
va	NNS	Sandalwood to relieve loneliness , dwelling on the past and cynicism . "
va	NN	the waitress said , and , at Elena 's nod , set them down on the table .
va	NN	There isn 't any other bookstore around here .
va	NNS	The huge , empty houses loomed .
va	NN	The bone spear was pointed up , the bone dagger naked in his hand .
va	NN	There was a mural competition in town and I went to film it .
va	NNS	His claws sank deeper into Malcolm 's throat .
va	NN	The title fell from his lips and she gasped .
va	NNS	Most folks who choose to live on land , as opposed to the deep seas , tend to stick to the high ground .
va	NN	This pyramid built exactly the way you built it -- using imagery and sound .
va	NNS	Several scars laced his ribcage .
va	NNS	The cops exchanged suspicious looks , but said nothing .
va	NN	The goo settles , dropping back to the cage floor .
va	NNS	The doctors have said so . "
va	NNS	So many sweet pleasures that none have tasted .
va	NN	The passage was an omen .
va	NNS	God 's unexpected blessings are real . "
va	NNS	Rectangular plant beds constructed from scrap lumber .
va	NNS	Bullets chewed up the walls and floor , knocked out the pane of glass .
va	NNS	Tears burned Madeline 's cheeks as she watched his repeated thrusts .
va	NNS	The shelves are even emptier than before .
va	NNS	Tears came to her eyes .
va	NN	The tenderness between mother and child distracted me .
va	NNS	" These robes don 't blend ? "
va	NNS	Are angels allowed to dally ? "
va	NN	Her father 's steely gaze , the graceful way her mother fluttered her fingers when she waved .
va	NN	Jen 's Mum was holding the pendant tightly and would not hand it over to Moonbeam for closer inspection .
va	NN	Then the nudge of cold and the foot placed down on solid ice .
va	NNS	The doctors and nurses flew against the wall , and the windows shattered , showering everyone with glass .
va	NN	The garden is also open to you if you 'd like a walk . "
va	NN	A toilet flushed in the ladies ' room , and Sexton spun , striding now back in the direction of the restrooms .
va	NNS	Tears ran down her face as she started hyperventilating .
va	NN	Her stomach knotted , knowing several of her clansmen had just died .
va	NNS	Atticus excused himself from the table and left me alone with yours truly again .
va	NNS	There were more boxes and in front of that there was a rolled up rug .
va	NNS	The houses were cozy , far from the sprawling mansion he called home , far from the wealth of fame .
va	NN	Already the morphine was having some effect .
va	NN	Wielding such authority over others would provide a great many temptations .
va	NNS	Female gargoyles were a rarity .
va	NNS	To him , human equaled prey , equaled meat .
va	NN	No matter how I tried , that accusation never ceased .
va	NNS	The knots offered no resistance .
va	NN	CHAPTER THREE In the courtyard , on a stone bench , another patient sat calmly , looking around blankly at other people and humming softly to himself .
va	NN	The president turned his gaze to Erikson .
va	NN	The waitress glanced over at the table and then at me .
va	NNS	Tears slipped from Della 's dark eyes and rolled down her pale cheeks .
va	NNS	The meadows floated like islands in the moonshine .
va	NNS	Tears filled Kylie 's eyes .
va	NN	The upside of my monster nightmares is that I never , ever suffer from writer 's block .
va	NN	The intense scrutiny he was giving her face sent waves of weakness washing across her spirit .
va	NN	Driver says , " Not at all , we 'll do everything we can to help . "
va	NN	The gym was humming this morning , the parking lot almost full .
va	NN	There 's a bunch of stuff you need to see that they only sell around here .
va	NNS	Your expenses to run this process should be minimal . "
va	NN	The cashier had to repeat her greeting to gain Madison 's attention .
va	NNS	" The lass is conspiring . "
va	NN	" The grand jury is ready for you , Mr. Martin . "
va	NNS	My insights are never something that can be altered .
va	NNS	The physical loneliness of the last years overtook him all at once .
va	NN	Talk to me now , tell me where they are and we can work something out . "
va	NNS	Matthias was confident that if he made her the right offer , she 'd come back on board .
va	NN	" Our cousin 's court surrounds you with danger .
va	NN	Her defiance made me laugh .
va	NN	An epiphany occurred when the soul found God .
va	NN	To the west , a fence blocked the ancient highway .
va	NN	The submarine continues on the same course , regardless of the push and pull of the ocean currents .
va	NNS	Those agents had training .
va	NNS	" The fools fell for it from the beginning and didn 't get wise until it was much too late . "
va	NN	The herd froze in the car 's headlights .
va	NNS	His hooves tapped impatiently on the cage floor .
va	NN	The erection pressing insistently against her back told her he wanted her too .
va	NNS	Your standards are quite dismal .
va	NNS	These birds wouldn 't know friend from foe on this continent .
va	NNS	" What were the noises ? "
va	NN	My gut was right ?
va	NN	" With apple strudel for dessert , and I ate three whole pieces . "
va	NN	But the genetic angle was new .
va	NN	The clerk thought nothing of it until they produced a key for one of the oldest boxes the bank still maintains .
va	NN	Just then , the cook came in with dessert .
va	NN	The buzzer sounded and the referee stood between Joan and the humanoid .
va	NNS	' But if we come down there the hunters will shoot us ! '
va	NN	" And so my Queen chose wisely . "
va	NN	Because she was wet , the fabric stuck and she lost her balance .
va	NN	There was no possibility of a romance , anyway , not on a five-day cruise .
va	NN	A temper she had never dreamed existed seemed to be bubbling alive inside her .
va	NNS	Yours could be shorter than usual . "
va	NNS	There 's shops and businesses and more homes .
va	NNS	Meanwhile , the killers were able to live a little while longer .
va	NN	There 's a hot little bartender giving me the eye . "
va	NNS	Eris watched it out of curiosity as it came to hover behind Sye .
va	NN	His h * ps rocked , thrusting his c * ck in and out of her greedy grip .
va	NN	The coordinates of the area were furnished and the mission was implemented .
va	NN	" Sugar substitute , duh , " Lori said .
va	NN	Commercial shipping slowed down .
va	NNS	Tears filled his eyes as he looked at his gold wedding ring .
va	NN	A political gathering is in full swing at the Marriott in Columbus , Ohio .
va	NNS	" Will our forces be able to protect our people ? "
va	NN	" But the rumor is he visits the huntsman . "
va	NNS	There were snickers of laughter from various warriors ; then the two sides got down to negotiating .
va	NN	" Why does an evil Queen do anything ? "
va	NN	" The townspeople are running around trying to herd their livestock together .
va	NNS	The dogs , I saw , were Undead .
va	NN	Yet this invitation was business ; and the irony wasn 't lost on her .
va	NNS	Minos scanned her with a device detector .
va	NNS	The shapes were talking .
va	NNS	At that the very atmosphere of merriment died , the mugs fell onto the table and dead silence reigned .
va	NN	A radio survey would separate them widely in dense foliage - and , considering what had happened to the previous expedition , this seemed unwise .
va	NN	The butler had summoned Dr. Avery at once , but to no avail .
va	NNS	Hundreds of kids and there wasn 't a sound .
va	NN	The tower was in the middle of a spinning whirlwind .
va	NNS	The parasites were hard at work , whispering to him , murmuring evil enticements , unrelenting in their quest for him to join with the masters .
va	NN	Raven finally pushes her way onto the bank and stands next to me , stunned .
va	NN	This little fort had seemed so massive when we 'd built it .
va	NN	Was the prospect of being a captain 's wife too daunting ?
va	NN	Their journey north since then did not need much detail , and he also left out the bandits .
va	NNS	Instead , the cops were searching for evidence to charge Cain .
va	NN	His uniform bore a few extra stripes of color and a few gold-colored bits of metal on the shoulder .
va	NN	" Which one is the shortest ? "
va	NN	" A tiger that goes only after rats , isn 't a brave beast . "
va	NN	The trial was just a show to give the illusion of fairness .
va	NN	The waitress came along at that stage , mopped up the small amount of spilt coffee and freed my button so that I could sit down again .
va	NN	Guilt and frustration gnawed at her .
va	NN	In the enclosed space , the blast felt like two anvils striking the sides of his head .
va	NNS	" Men , before I leave , I wish to express one last time how much I was impressed by this visit . "
va	NNS	Nikolas looked to all the other Merrow huddles throughout the plaza .
va	NN	The vibration in the ground , and the thundering sound of their hoofs hammering the terrain would generally give anyone sufficient time to seek shelter .
va	NNS	Water birds glided down from the sky and settled across the lake 's surface , happily swimming back and forth .
va	NNS	And adolescent crushes naturally fall to the wayside for more realistic relationships .
va	NNS	The other officers shuddered all around and nodded ; few things were as deadly to a ship as uncontrolled fire upon her deck .
va	NN	Bones pop and my ears ring .
va	NNS	Both pilots had dozens of pre-flight checks to do anyway .
va	NN	And all ze costs running away with us for limos and things we don 't need . '
va	NNS	All the neighbors had gathered on the street to watch and Jo prayed that the TV crew wasn 't going to show up .
va	NNS	" Well , the compass is open .
va	NN	A deep rumble broke from his chest as he unfastened his belt and removed his pants .
va	NN	A fleshy pancake with a disfigured face was about the last pet he would ever choose , but he supposed he could get used to it .
va	NNS	The birds were singing .
va	NN	" The jury came back with their decision less than half an hour ago . "
va	NN	The next encounter was a bit more serious .
va	NNS	Volunteer hunters are on the way as Sitters have abandoned their jobs to join in the outrage .
va	NNS	Tavis said Jenny had left without a word to her sister .
va	NN	" That fence alone will cost twenty thousand dollars . "
va	NN	The tender chicken practically melted in my mouth .
va	NNS	Cass held up a d20 , which Leo took from his outstretched palm .
va	NN	" The town council will be good enough . "
va	NN	A stream of ice cold water splashes across my face .
va	NN	And so the submissive truly has all the power .
va	NNS	" So why are doctors rushing in there and not coming out ? "
va	NN	The impression was so strong that she brought a protective hand to her throat to cover the evidence of the ragged wounds there .
va	NN	But the explosion in the dry section of the cavern had sealed the aboveground exit and canceled that option .
va	NN	The Return of the King always made him feel better , somehow .
va	NNS	Friendship and good neighbors are more important to us than gold heaped up in useless mounds . "
va	NN	In the hallway , the bodyguard looked relieved .
va	NNS	Twenty-five grand would pay off the most pressing credit card debt and allow my mom to catch up on her two mortgages .
va	NNS	" Good night , lass , " he whispered .
va	NN	This new bond between them was like nothing he 'd ever known .
va	NNS	Her toes curled and her breath grew faster when his tongue and teeth moved along her upper thighs .
va	NN	And the weather didn 't seem that cold .
va	NN	But that same , dark intensity was there , just beneath the skin .
va	NN	One packet of information was worth a thousand words .
va	NNS	Yours would be different because you 're different . "
va	NN	" There 's a possibility .
va	NN	" Okay , well , Moore 's Law basically says data density in computers will double about every eighteen months or so . "
va	NNS	The dolls fell upon her bookcase , already wobbling from the blow of the cabinet , launching a row of romance novels after the onyx bookends .
va	NNS	With the same warmth as his curtains would allow , but with the additional sheen of a guardian who cared greatly for his charge .
va	NN	His c * ck was so hard , so hot against her skin .
va	NNS	Now , a noxious green glow sputtered inside the milky glass , throwing crazy shadows all over the place .
va	NN	" Would that detective be Arthur Smith ? "
va	NNS	Assassins liked the night on general principles , but the night of the necropolis was something else .
va	NN	" A witch made a magic ink for me .
va	NN	" A toast , " he said , touching his goblet lightly to hers , " to my bride .
va	NN	The comment elicited an immediate laugh .
va	NN	Peering through the powerful lens , the license tag on the Geo was the size of a billboard .
va	NN	But our society , if we 're to survive , needs more than that , from you especially .
va	NNS	Tears stained his cheeks and settled into his thin facial hair .
va	NN	There was also a waste bucket with a lid to seal in odors .
va	NN	Brenda and the others , " I whisper then motion upward to the women spirits , " the trap spares them , right ? "
va	NNS	Her turquoise dangle earrings sway back and forth , and the heady , cloying scent of Prada Candy that she 's doused herself in wafts my way .
va	NN	But the performance had not been even .
va	NN	The victim convulsed and dropped to the floor .
va	NNS	Arms crossed , and looking pissed as hell .
va	NN	Why should this occasion be any different ?
va	NN	The purple citrus fruit turned out to be the best part of the meal .
va	NNS	The corridors of the old building were narrow , but the ceilings were high , graced by tall windows .
va	NNS	Even though I told him the returns would be through the roof . "
va	NN	The first event related to a couple named Kenneth and Eleanor Baker .
va	NN	Her first inkling was that if she went within a thousand miles of the part , she could kiss any future dramatic roles good bye .
va	NNS	His fangs broke through my skin , the feel of his bite causing me to slip over the edge of desire .
va	NNS	The agents abandoned the window and rushed straight for him .
va	NN	The punching didn 't stop .
va	NN	" I kinda thought you 'd say that . "
va	NN	Even then , the rumor had been circulating for hours .
va	NNS	A few whack jobs even blamed the drinking age , saying that if it were eighteen , things like this wouldn 't happen .
va	NN	Every nerve ending buzzed with macabre excitement .
va	NNS	Not when the girl I would walk over burning , hot coals for was holding my hand .
va	NNS	Since she was a mere woman , " protectors " had emerged from all over France to help her manage her million francs .
va	NNS	Fancy , high-tech toys are beyond their desires .
va	NN	The manager nodded with seeming disinterest .
va	NN	After what felt like hours , the chopper finally moved on as dusk settled .
va	NNS	They were both frozen , their gazes locked on the wild area she had been searching .
va	NN	The monk races over and places his hands on the beast 's chest and chants .
va	NN	" How long has this feud been going on ? "
va	NN	A rumor emphatically denied by Nikolaus .
va	NN	But the possibility of someone actually injured in the crawlspace needed to be disproved .
va	NN	" I am so proud of you , your invention is going to save millions of lives .
va	NNS	The two Assassins left the bullfight and made themselves invisible in the crowds that thronged the early evening streets .
va	NNS	If it could , the implications were truly mind-blowing .
va	NNS	His fangs were throbbing along with his cock .
va	NN	' Yes , Papa did say that , but as I recall , you deserted Rosewood at the first opportunity you had .
va	NNS	Tears bubbled in his eyes as the nurse cleaned the injection area with her wet wipe .
va	NNS	Two large fangs hung horizontally on either side , each one four inches across .
va	NN	Yesterday was yesterday and today is today and I have much better news . "
va	NNS	The doctors have so far been unable to wake her . '
va	NNS	First of all , until they killed Gary , I really didn 't think they were real murderers , just jerks robbing kids .
va	NN	The witch brought the woman water once a day , but no food .
va	NNS	Atticus was a lot of things to me but never a chef .
va	NNS	At least the angels dropped new demons near a portal point so he didn 't have to travel for days .
va	NN	As he turned to check his brother , another kick sent him flying on the other side .
va	NN	Jason rises to his feet , his pistol gripped firmly in his hand .
va	NN	Each glowing patch became another face in a crowd .
va	NNS	Tears poured out as I sat there , unable to move .
va	NN	My payment , if you will , for assisting your father was the acquisition of all artifacts . "
va	NN	" The loud-mouthed girlfriend who owned a number of silk stockings said he does not operate a motor vehicle .
va	NN	Dane looked around , " I should have a conference with the four of you , and I 'll need to round the others up .
va	NN	Yes , his inn was doing well and mine wasn 't .
va	NN	The flyer was for a local food pantry .
va	NN	The flame in my stomach was roaring now , consuming me and scorching my mind .
va	NN	Then there was another crackle and he came back , speaking with an unnerving urgency .
va	NN	" Into the west , " the queen answered .
va	NNS	The shelves were stuffed full , running from the floor to the ceiling , with a half-dozen or so freestanding shelves scattered around the room as well .
va	NN	The smirk vanished from her lips , and she blanched .
va	NN	" Listen up , spring chick .
va	NNS	There was something honorable about Blake , even if he was a bad boy .
va	NN	A second deadbolt scraped loudly , then a third , and finally the door peeled open a crack .
va	NNS	Men aren 't especially good at this sort of thing and I 'm far from being an exception . "
va	NN	" Oh , no , Your Honour , that is a most fair amount , the court has been very generous to me . "
va	NNS	Her scrubs had trucks on them .
va	NN	See there boys and girls , therapy does work .
va	NN	On his left was Raven who was grinning at them .
va	NNS	Tears made her eyes luminous , sparkling on her long lashes .
va	NN	The mustache was an elegant touch .
va	NNS	There were various shops we stopped at , along with some type of street fair .
va	NNS	Tears rolled down her face .
va	NN	There was a blast as snake flicked his bomb cigar under his sled and shot himself into the air .
va	NN	A vast plain lay before him .
va	NN	Above , His Majesty arrived in his balcony at the rear of the chapel .
va	NNS	Ferris sprang only just in time to rescue the precious sample from being stamped upon by his bare heel .
va	NNS	When the bombs fell .
va	NNS	The other lawyers loved my work .
va	NN	But he pushed the voice away , saying , " The council will just have to get over themselves . "
va	NN	There was an eerie finality in his tone .
va	NN	Talk to you guys later . "
va	NN	The robot stomped around and his suit made clanking noises with each step .
va	NN	No other structure beset the far spread desert , as if the lone diner was waiting for me .
va	NN	When he looked back at me , a second shiver passed down my spine ; gone was the amusement and the smirk .
va	NNS	That blackness was nearly tangible , heavy and smothering .
va	NNS	buckets , and the third held her small hip bath .
va	NN	The thin material of her clothes did little to keep her warm , though running made up for it , and she could run all day .
va	NNS	Four hundred dollars is too shabby for them .
va	NNS	As good as EOD agents could be .
va	NN	His Dee had returned , and he 'd missed her even during those few short minutes she 'd been gone .
va	NNS	The victims appeared to have been murdered by the same killer .
va	NNS	These prisoners tried to escape ; we 're only trying to put them back in their huts . "
va	NN	" Ok Miss um , " the hotel clerk looked at the passport for her name .
va	NN	Fear could do that to a girl .
va	NN	But even that shame wasn 't powerful enough now to get him to his feet .
va	NNS	Her long tresses and the way she placed her manicured fingers around her waist completed the formula for his kryptonite .
va	NNS	Thomas stopped , his fists tightened as if he thought of using them against Ray .
va	NNS	" Men like you never change .
va	NN	The ache of what I lost was easier to bear .
va	NN	Not a traitor 's death .
va	NN	" The Darkness wants you dead . "
va	NNS	His breaths heaved with power , and the sweat tricked down his forehead .
va	NNS	" There are many kinds of death .
va	NNS	The blank stares told me I 'd lost them again .
va	NN	This secret society was everything Simon had ever dreamed of : money , power , and hunting .
va	NNS	Her fists were small and she was clearly unused to this sort of activity , but her blows were not entirely ineffective .
va	NN	" What 's the carrot ? "
va	NNS	Applewhite 's comments brought a big smile to Misses Glenn .
va	NN	the butler wanted to know .
va	NN	But his temper was fluctuating ; joy for a few instants shone in his eyes , but it continually gave place to distraction and reverie .
va	NNS	" The mosquitoes are biting me everywhere . "
va	NN	A round portal of ethereal light the size of a door appeared in front of Isabella .
va	NN	" The original price is a thing of the past .
va	NNS	What kinds of firms would be looking for him ?
va	NNS	Her thighs were shaking and her chest was rising and falling in a rapid rhythm .
va	NN	The towel was still conveniently on the bed , and I used it to clean myself up .
va	NNS	Guys have probably won her heart while you are here waiting for her .
va	NN	The laird has made us see that ' t is not the best course for you to be fighting . '
va	NNS	" If there 's a chance those bastards have dynamite , then perhaps it 's time to spread the word a bit . "
va	NNS	These photographs prove that she 's a liar and a hypocrite , plain and simple .
va	NN	" And what was Count von Rani 's crime ? "
va	NNS	Men who make plenty of money can afford such luxuries .
va	NNS	There are often dangers from snow and wolves and night .
va	NN	Today , His Majesty welcomes your Holy Father . "
va	NNS	Elsewhere in the paper , provincial politics were as zany as ever .
va	NN	The professor had no idea of the extent of his adversary 's power .
va	NNS	It was thin and crispy flat bread with spinach pesto , melted mozzarella and a blend of fresh basil , diced tomatoes , garlic and olive oil .
va	NN	The crystal sitting on the desk in the vision suddenly flared a brilliant , pulsating green .
va	NN	The rust dulled the light instead of reflecting it .
va	NN	" The cuff sensor says it all .
va	NNS	Her lashes were dark , thick , and full , which went with her lush black hair .
va	NNS	Iona 's claws were in his back , tearing his skin .
va	NNS	Tears filled the old monarch 's eyes .
va	NNS	" Well , with Doug there were probably two motivations for that .
va	NNS	God 's archangels , led by Michael , gathered the Pagan gods for sentencing .
va	NNS	Nikolas shook his head slowly .
va	NN	Was the contrast intentional ?
va	NN	There was no harm in being polite though .
va	NNS	There are not bombs like in say ... Great Britain . "
va	NNS	Her instructions from Brood were simple and cold : " Relax , we 'll do the work .
va	NN	" Rita my manager will arrive in a later flight with it . "
va	NN	The Sound had turned graphite and the sky was a deep bronze color .
va	NNS	Tears suddenly rimmed my eyes as I thought about the relationship I had thought I had with Ethan .
va	NNS	Eris laughed , " I don 't know .
va	NN	His first clue in that reasoning was Celeste waving him over .
va	NN	A dispatch of Inquisitors on patrol could then stop by and politely ask people to move along .
va	NN	" At a crime scene . "
va	NN	The minister nodded in her direction but didn 't say anything or extend his hand .
va	NNS	" Two pebbles , " said the low priest .
va	NNS	The glowing coals and the dim light of dawn from the one window provided the only light .
va	NN	Her betrayal hurt , and for her sake , I hoped she had a very good explanation .
va	NNS	The bandits seemed to be murdering minutes .
va	NNS	Eyes shining with relief that things were back to normal again , that we could have a peaceful evening before yet another stressful work week kicked in .
va	NNS	" Some patients were under his care .
va	NNS	The prisoners scream for help as we pass the line of cells and torture chambers .
va	NNS	" The blinds are how you get the pot started , man .
va	NNS	The gods play games with the fate of men .
va	NN	Why would anybody think otherwise , unless a father told them ?
va	NN	" And when will you take responsibility for your own ?
va	NN	" Like , a memorial prank ? "
va	NN	The second semester officially began on Tuesday , January third , but classes didn 't start until the following Monday .
va	NNS	A second guard spoke , blocking the doors , one hand resting on the hilt of his sword with practiced ease .
va	NNS	East Grid forces took over the city about a month ago on a Russian mandate , so they are expecting retaliation .
va	NNS	Jaxon 's long lashes lifted for a moment to chastise him before she returned to her reading .
va	NN	Raven swatted at the myriad of buzzing insects that had emerged with the warm weather .
va	NNS	Hearing the patter of small feet , her sons quickly appear .
va	NNS	Scientists poured from their labs into the hall as the alarms screamed overhead , and we moved in a river of white coats toward the exits .
va	NN	" Gave herself to me -- fully " boasted one inscription .
va	NNS	Mothers really do fix everything .
va	NN	Our errand is too crucial . "
va	NNS	The pins and needles had largely worked themselves out at this point , and now it was mostly the loud , agonizing pain of muscle disuse .
va	NNS	His scouts reported in again , saying that the flow of soldiers out of Purgatory had appeared to have ceased , totaling about four hundred well-armed soldiers .
va	NNS	And for a moment , their gazes clashed .
va	NNS	The monks bound her to the house for the life of the inhabitants .
va	NNS	The birds were chirping and the sun was just coming up over the horizon as she entered the stables .
va	NN	The bouncer held out his hand , but she knocked it aside .
va	NNS	The pages are old and yellowed in places , with dark rings from someone 's coffee mug , but I flick through , curious .
va	NN	There was a satisfying crunch as the block caught the zombie full in the face and sent him flying back through the open cellar door .
va	NN	That humor program had a virus that scrambled you up .
va	NN	The landscape is a burst sienna color speckled with dots of yellow with little short , stubby bushes as far as the eye can see .
va	NN	Somehow , in the past year and a half , the compound had begun to feel less like a military stronghold and more like a home .
va	NN	There was a splash and he swore .
va	NNS	Jaxon 's mouth was tight and moist and perfect as he thrust helplessly over and over , his fists clenched in her hair .
va	NN	The procession stopped more often for water .
va	NN	The stove that Jay was leaned against sparked and a flame erupted onto his pants .
va	NN	Their own planet is dying .
va	NNS	Rhys walked straight at me .
va	NN	When he sat down , however , a strange odor met his nose .
va	NNS	Sometimes hidden secrets and heartaches just need to stay hidden . "
va	NNS	The onlookers went silent .
va	NNS	Eyes so much like Grays twinkled back at her .
va	NNS	No wonder Hades had profaned emotions .
va	NN	This kit is a joke . "
va	NNS	Minos put his flame out .
va	NNS	The union bosses control huge political campaign contributions from money extracted from their members ' paychecks .
va	NN	Darkness filled the room .
va	NN	At that moment , the warden came over to break up the interview .
va	NN	The result was the same . "
va	NNS	Her breasts thrust invitingly , nipples hard and erotic .
va	NNS	Most folks have wheels on their suitcases .
va	NNS	So many souls got where they were going that day , when they shouldn 't have been going at all .
va	NNS	The stamps were in a small green box on the top shelf , under a denim skirt .
va	NNS	Bliss only pouted at first , but when I kept her over my shoulder even as we left the building , she started to struggle .
va	NNS	He stood with his hands on his hips , his fists balled .
va	NNS	Tears escape my eyes .
va	NN	Hailey 's eyesight had returned .
va	NNS	The faeries whispered to each other , low , melodic songs beneath their breaths .
va	NN	" I must say , this winter weather gives me quite a sweet tooth . "
va	NNS	Of its own accord , her body went soft and pliant , molding itself to his , her breasts pressed tight to his chest .
va	NN	" The Queen has need of his skills .
va	NNS	Fortunately , there were no troubles with the officials .
va	NNS	There were the remnants of barns and grounds , and only the castle 's tallest tower was still standing , looking out over the sea .
va	NNS	When they returned , their neighbors greeted them , brought over the kids , offered words of comfort .
va	NNS	Hours later Avery stumbled in drunk to join her and he soon snored soundly next to her , none the wiser .
va	NNS	Hundreds of people scurried about .
va	NNS	" What planet are those birds from ? "
va	NN	The route 3 portion of the trip was a hilly , winding road .
va	NN	The cop 's interrogation had drained every drop of life out of me .
va	NN	The waitress came and took our orders .
va	NNS	Tears ran unchecked down both their faces .
va	NN	The lion was eying me so intently that I was sure I was about to become its next meal .
va	NN	The clerical tab slid down her skin and floated to the clay .
va	NN	" Yessir , " the preacher said .
va	NN	What if that asshole ex-boyfriend found her again ?
va	NN	" Money and freedom can have their uses . "
va	NN	A fountain of flesh and blood splatters against the seat and rear window .
va	NN	There was no racing the gods to orchestrate ones ' own life -- the will of Ashur was supreme .
va	NN	Xavier questioned , amazement and concern in is voice .
va	NNS	The doctors warned him each time that the brain damage was too severe , that his wife would remain in a vegetative state , likely forever .
va	NNS	The managers decided that leaving for Japan couldn 't happen fast enough .
va	NN	The blizzard had subsided a bit during the night , but the snow was still piling up on the slope below the fort .
va	NN	And so a few moments later the bird landed on a small patch of land at the base of the castle .
va	NN	The portal he came through was nowhere to be seen .
va	NN	The queen was a human , in her sleeping dress .
va	NNS	" Odd folks , " her husband agreed .
va	NN	The formula had existed and it had worked .
va	NN	Where is everybody ? "
va	NN	Before he could fire , a tremendous blast tore the road wheels and track from the left side of the enemy vehicle .
va	NNS	" There are many kinds of love , Tess .
va	NN	This section had more cars per household than any other , not a particularly difficult feat considering how few civilian cars had been allowed in the city .
va	NNS	' Our neighbors ' made all the fuzzies inside me bounce around .
va	NNS	There were still dark stains in the parking lot but you couldn 't tell what they had come from if you didn 't know .
va	NNS	Tears stung her eyes , and the whip creaked as it rose again .
va	NN	The whine of the car as they decelerated was a noticeable feature of this vehicle , as was the slow burning smell of the brakes after application .
va	NN	Also there is an irritation to just get to the point and get this over with .
va	NNS	The doctors on the outside give them to people who need them .
va	NNS	Tears slipped down Kaylie 's cheeks .
va	NNS	Fellows opened her mouth with his , sweeping his tongue inside .
va	NN	The chief called to the drivers to come get their cars .
va	NNS	" Guys don 't think the same way we do .
va	NN	This betrayal was necessary .
va	NNS	There were chores to do .
va	NN	The anticipation was palpable .
va	NNS	" Sometimes assumptions are right . "
va	NN	This fantasy was what had prompted the abrupt marriage proposal .
va	NNS	However the extra points came at a price .
va	NNS	" Too many murderers altogether .
va	NNS	The dogs lay on the rug in front of the fire twitching with their dreams , accompanied by the occasional muted yelp .
va	NN	Darkness settled around me , covering me as surely as the mist .
va	NN	The lightweight aluminum tool was bouncing along beside her leg .
va	NN	" Your journey so far has been a little like mine .
va	NNS	Toss in the god powers , and mad warrior skills ... You go on , bitch , and posture .
va	NN	For Christ 's sake don 't shoot yourself ... Or me ... Or one of us .
va	NNS	The blacks gradually left their posts on the river bank .
va	NN	If I knew an investigation was going to require my machines to be examined ?
va	NN	The tire went flat as evidenced by the " flub , flub , flub , flub " of the road .
va	NN	Where the road curved back , her blip moved into the forest and went all the way to the fence .
va	NN	A vile string of words flew from his mouth as he dropped the shirt .
va	NN	Our Scribe came charging up , and drove it back by pelting it with archives from his sack .
va	NN	" Maybe there was a recall that we didn 't hear about . "
va	NNS	Moments later they all filed into her office before she directed them to the seats in front of her desk .
va	NN	With a final nod over his shoulder , the detective left .
va	NNS	Her rings glinted on her fingers ; her minerals were with her , and even now she must be summoning the ingredients for her murderous spell .
va	NN	" The only other possibility is that I kill you .
va	NN	Not even freedom from tyranny was worth it .
va	NNS	Dozens of the tribe , who had been anxiously awaiting their arrival , greeted them .
va	NNS	I scrambled to my feet , the sacrifices of the first floor seeming to stare at me mockingly .
va	NNS	Finnick 's real charms of self-effacing humor and an easygoing nature are on display for the first time .
va	NN	A vein stood out at Manuel 's temple .
va	NNS	And above all , dogs didn 't judge .
va	NN	An inexplicable gust of wind swirls around the Queen 's form at her command , throwing projectiles aside like paper in a breeze .
va	NNS	Our troubles are not as different as you think . "
va	NNS	The noises did start to dwindle down , which made me start to consider going back up .
va	NN	The thirst will always be there for him no matter how much he is able to suppress it .
va	NN	The orb burned before her and the pale man stood watching .
va	NN	The jean encased legs of hers I 'd been admiring were firmly wrapped around my waist and she was raining kisses all over my face .
va	NNS	" Earth ... " Jason repeats , squinting his eyes at the idea .
va	NN	the nosy tree cutter wanted to know , even as he kept his blade moving .
va	NNS	The archers dropped back out of range before the guards could return fire .
va	NN	On top was a disc in a clear jewel case , labeled SUTTON IN AZ in red Sharpie .
va	NNS	There were a few other houses , much smaller , nestled along the mountain .
va	NN	" How 's the campaign going ? "
va	NNS	The tables around them had just grown quiet , and the name seemed to echo throughout the room .
va	NNS	According to this longer scheme there are seven ' virtues ' .
va	NNS	The holidays were about family after all .
va	NN	A muscle worked in his jaw .
va	NN	Fear curled around her , making her shiver .
va	NN	The material of his mind is further yet from ever being accessible to the masses .
va	NN	As she did , the chain linked to the collar around her throat rattled lightly and she smiled .
va	NN	Driver thinks a moment and says , " We released her body back to the family .
va	NNS	As he desired , the dogs started barking .
va	NN	At Lincoln High , the library is three rows of computers where we can download information onto our cards .
va	NN	" But the terror didn 't happen just once a month .
va	NNS	And now , as new information surfaces suggesting deep financial troubles plaguing the senator - " A knock on the door drew Rachel 's attention .
va	NN	The dark mage lifted down an hourglass from the cluttered shelf .
va	NNS	Seconds later the man 's mouth opened as though he tried to scream , but nothing came out .
va	NNS	While he was filling up his sack , the shapes of two huge Shadows flashed across the ground .
va	NN	And that IQ told him he 'd mastered funny , a talent he 'd developed to help him fit in when he entered college at thirteen .
va	NNS	No hand was at the sweep of the Tigress , no oars drove her through the green water .
va	NN	There was no trace of Alexia left in the room .
va	NNS	" Your beds look like works of art .
va	NN	Sam 's comment about Simon not getting emotionally involved hit her hard .
va	NNS	" Two beds , " she demanded .
va	NN	The messiah crossed his arms disdainfully over his chest .
va	NNS	From behind , dogs began baying in an exuberant chorus .
va	NN	The swirling horde was heading straight toward them , but Matthew could hardly move .
va	NN	The responsibility of raising them , caring for them , fell on her shoulders , and she was determined they wouldn 't suffer .
va	NNS	Any leftover wounds are his fault not yours . "
va	NNS	The crowds are light today , what with the day being so fine .
va	NNS	Her sleeves were damp , and her nose was congested .
va	NNS	Their mouths were still open .
va	NNS	Samara was cold and tired , snowflakes began to gather on his coat .
va	NNS	Dark as sin with all the heavy drapes , boxes of wicker stuff in the basement , the damn willow tree banging on the wall .
va	NNS	The other shells opened as well , revealing nothing within either of them .
va	NN	The pungent odor of the jaguar males was easier to follow .
va	NN	The gunner 's assistant beside John turned to him and said , " That 's the lunch bell .
va	NN	The skill of the Dog People with leather and pelts was legendary , a craft that approached art .
va	NN	" Okay , " Puck said a little too loudly , steering me away , " the gang 's all here .
va	NN	My comment struck Marcia Rideout as funny .
va	NN	As she opened the door , a gust of moist wind ruffled her hair , and the soft thud of the rain grew louder .
va	NN	But the terror was a live thing inside her , uncontrollable .
va	NNS	Did birds experience romance ?
va	NNS	Dragons , Shadows , Wizards and bumbling balls of fur were only part of the magic of this place .
va	NNS	Sykes beat him to it .
va	NNS	Two uniformed police officers stood on the porch .
va	NNS	Not many tourists came .
va	NN	A scandal like this could be a disaster .
va	NNS	Scores of cables crawled along the concrete floor , connecting the extensive collection of hardware that dwarfed the basement .
va	NNS	Their former victims granted a sense of deep healing that the courts could never provide .
va	NNS	" But all the other districts are on our side ? "
va	NN	Besides , youth had its problems .
va	NN	The Shadow Men were beautiful , frighteningly and heartbreakingly beautiful .
va	NNS	" Serial killers have an MO , right ?
va	NNS	There were no formal laws governing such courts , nor did the law of the land apply to them .
va	NN	Around them , an infrequent carriage passed and pedestrians walked along the street edge at a brisk pace .
va	NNS	The samples , I mean . "
va	NNS	The companies all have what they like to call bonus plans .
va	NN	Maybe her court would decide among themselves to keep her for a year as a token while they actually ruled .
va	NNS	The faeries sneak into a mundane home , take a suitable child , and replace it with a sickly member of their own race .
va	NN	If it was a gas that was absorbed through the skin , the extra material would have come in handy .
va	NNS	Guys are like ripe wine : the older they grow , the more attention they get . "
va	NN	The big pep rally was all the usual stuff .
va	NN	A bright red handprint marks his cheek .
va	NN	Positive mental attitude dear boy . "
va	NN	" The great flame of the heavens is nearly above the horizon , if you have other questions , ask quickly . "
va	NNS	The heaviness in Rocky 's stomach began to roil .
va	NN	A shiver of dread fell on her like a curtain falling on a stage .
va	NN	No wonder Octavia 's crying .
va	NNS	The final two pilots were in the small room .
va	NN	Then there was an explosion .
va	NNS	The wooden dais stretched before him , Sable only a dozen paces away .
va	NNS	Tears trailed from his one good eye .
va	NNS	As I lay in bed worrying about my mom and waiting for her to return , I wondered , when did our roles reverse ?
va	NN	" Where are your registration papers ? "
va	NNS	The trunks looked the most interesting , however .
va	NNS	Guys want to fix everything . "
va	NNS	Difficult circumstances form stronger people .
va	NNS	The pipes groaned and then all was quiet again .
va	NNS	" Long-distance relationships hardly ever work . "
va	NN	A she-wolf would have understood his intentions but it made sense she didn 't .
va	NN	The human queen is going to try and assassinate me .
va	NN	His bangs are long and almost hide his magnificent dark eyes until he shakes his hair away .
va	NN	" The party theme seems more down-to-earth than the decor or the furnishings , if that makes any sense . "
va	NNS	The paramedics showed up pretty quickly .
va	NNS	Tears were welling up in Amy 's eyes and eventually she cracked .
va	NNS	Bullets streak down the corridor into the dark portal at its end .
va	NNS	The Horde numbers at a little over seventy-five thousand , the last I heard .
va	NNS	" Your comments are wise as always .
va	NN	Our planet needs more men , men like you .
va	NN	Anything is possible if you give it a chance .
va	NNS	Various random events always contrived to keep me from learning the area . "
va	NN	Cars lay on their sides , some crashed into each other , the asphalt cracked .
va	NN	" Soldiers do this , " the Queen said , lifting her fist to her heart and lowering it again .
va	NN	" Shit , " exclaimed the detective .
va	NNS	The glimpses would come randomly , sometimes as clear visions , or at times as vague premonitions .
va	NN	In a ... say five star ? "
va	NN	" The breakfast menu is small , as you can see . "
va	NN	The detective shook his head .
va	NN	The same price that she 'd already paid .
va	NN	Her heart pounded and her hands trembled .
va	NN	Body , face , body , face -- Andrei left his foe no escape .
va	NNS	Hades turned and began to struggle to get under a table .
va	NNS	Wolves are wild animals , not pets . "
va	NN	The surge of anger is preferable to the headache , but only barely .
va	NN	When Father Frost opened his mouth , a flurry of snow rushed out .
va	NNS	Her lashes fluttered up .
va	NNS	Men such as Emerson and Jonas would be quick to pounce on any sign of weakness .
va	NNS	The tourists were several and the girl took it calmly .
va	NNS	Men followed , led by the picker whose oranges Hill carried .
va	NNS	Mothers found some of the language used by soldiers very offensive , so they went to great lengths to protect their young .
va	NNS	These mobile communications booths were standard battlefield installations , although Rachel had never expected to see one used as part of a peacetime NASA mission .
va	NN	No bird appeared that day .
va	NNS	VI All the hunters got ready early and were waiting for me when I got up .
va	NNS	" Well , there were photographs and mementos ... " " I threw them all out . "
va	NN	The gallery was quiet , and smelled slightly of lemon air freshener .
va	NN	99 % of the sale of nitrites is for recreational use by the gay community .
va	NNS	Bodies packed the room from wall to wall .
va	NNS	Chicky 's expenses were few ; her savings increased .
va	NN	As she shared a chocolate square and hot tea with Pearl , the man Sloane sought finally arrived .
va	NN	And the end result would be much the same , if they found me .
va	NNS	Tears flowed from his eyes and his body shook with the vibrating emotions of absolute relief .
va	NNS	His nasty claws dug into my wrist , but I resisted the urge to cry out .
va	NN	The lad nodded eagerly but eyed Jace nervously , asking , " what happened , with the light and the monster ?
va	NNS	The lilies are beautiful by the Loire . "
va	NNS	Enzo leaps to the side , but not before the sword 's blade nicks a line in his arm .
va	NN	A calmness took hold of him and his pulse slowed to an even , steady pace .
va	NN	Then there was a small pop .
va	NN	" Always , always society was unfair to me .
va	NNS	All kinds of horrible scenarios flashed through her mind .
va	NNS	Movement and voices from inside the tents reached Nate 's ears as he passed .
va	NN	The current picked her up .
va	NNS	Arms wrapped around my waist and pulled me to the ground .
va	NNS	" Then where are my manners ?
va	NN	My celibate lifestyle had kept me free of disease .
va	NN	His arousal pressed against her .
va	NN	That separation consisted most , of course , in their ability to become otherwise .
va	NNS	" Come now brother , the Gods speak only the truth and the truth is always good to hear . "
va	NN	As police officers kept an eye on their target , a separate event took shape in another part of the city down at the docks .
va	NNS	The doctors said it was treatable , and Mike forced himself to believe it .
va	NNS	Apparently , his hormones weren 't dead .
va	NNS	The cheerleaders can show off , doing tricks and the guys can strut around acting all big and badass .
va	NN	" The fee we 're getting for this is big and we can use it to upgrade .
va	NN	Passing trade had somewhat ceased .
va	NNS	Tears formed in her eyes as she watched how gentle he was with the animals .
va	NNS	After a while both snakes slid out of the canal onto the grass in order to remain unseen .
va	NN	If we 're right , the president must have the proof of the Dowager 's cargo before he orders any kind of move .
va	NN	The center bank of screens showed the Door Room from many angles .
va	NNS	At least there were no tire marks indicating a theft .
va	NNS	But their scars remained , leaving them looking very much still infected and contagious .
va	NN	Fear ravaged her body , propelling her into his arms , where she felt safe .
va	NNS	Pots of herbs thrived on wide windowsills , copper pots hung over a center island .
va	NN	" So there 's your motive . "
va	NN	My gut tells me that you lie to me more than you tell me the truth .
va	NN	" How could an ending be happy ?
va	NN	His old address was 628 Amherst Drive .
va	NN	However , her short period of putting words together to a sentence was unbelievable tiny .
va	NNS	The battles came fast and fierce , so that our bonfire on the edge of the forest burned all the time .
va	NN	A suspicion began forming in Beth 's mind .
va	NNS	My voice cracks and I scramble to my feet .
va	NN	The freedom to run when you wish .
va	NNS	Amelia , however , stood transfixed , her feet rooted to the muddy ground , her fists clenched unconsciously .
va	NNS	With Garrett 's high-priced clients renting Jackson 's luxury jets , both companies were thriving for the loosely defined partnership .
va	NNS	The doctors told both of them she was stable but , as for the cause , they had to be honest .
va	NN	The big black Escalade parked .
va	NN	Considering it was well-known the Outlands were infested , the guard tower had seemed as good a place as any .
va	NNS	Happiness washed through him .
va	NNS	Lets just say things didn 't end well between them . "
va	NNS	The hot tweezers scalded her skin , but she forced herself to grip them tightly , afraid they might slip .
va	NN	Her math was off , but she didn 't care .
va	NN	Their icy and glittering peaks shone in the sunlight over the clouds .
va	NN	Wayne 's young Eileen would ask how his day was and then mention that she missed him while inquiring of the next night out together .
va	NNS	Military relationships are tough , with long separations , the stress of dangerous deployments - " This time she pressed a finger to his lips .
va	NNS	Tears begin to stream down her cheeks .
va	NNS	Those rides always seemed to last longer than they really were .
va	NNS	Several hundred pounds in cash was also a massive boon , and an unexpected one at that .
va	NNS	All the tricks , they age you , if you 're lucky enough to not get killed .
va	NNS	" Your Gods may be angry without any sacrifices , are you sure they will not bring down fire and death upon you ? "
va	NNS	The customary Blackberry applications weren 't visible .
va	NNS	Their intentions were sound , even just .
va	NNS	The well-preserved artifacts would no doubt shed another sliver of light on the Mayan culture .
va	NNS	" The measurements come to forty-three thousand five hundred sixty square feet .
va	NNS	His theories concerning where man would be in the next 100 years were shocking , but fascinating .
va	NNS	The fortress wasn 't completely insecure but Altair could get in .
va	NN	Her cloak tangled her so that she could not roll to safety , and her hands worked fruitlessly to pull herself to the firm stones .
va	NN	Exactly one minute after the cube had sent its pulse , the pod reappeared on the surface of a table beside it .
va	NN	" Why did Papa have to die ? "
va	NN	A shiver iced through his veins .
va	NNS	As she swung it , the black patterns caught her eye and she lost her momentum .
va	NNS	Rhys was there too , wiping the blood from his face .
va	NNS	Assuming that one criminal gang could find common ground to work with a rival gang , the bikers felt that they could reach a compromise .
va	NNS	" No complaints from me , " Donovan said , satisfaction gripping him .
va	NNS	' No more pyramids , ' said Dil , without rancour .
va	NNS	She stands beside me cool and collected , the sharp angles of her face accentuated by the tight bun at the back of her head .
va	NN	I don 't know what 's next , does anybody ?
va	NNS	The gods live by a law that they will never kill anything .
va	NNS	Erik 's comments made her blush .
va	NNS	At midnight , six ships laden with fireworks will put on a dazzling display of lights over the water .
va	NN	Even now half the cookie he was eating was falling down his face as much as into it .
va	NN	Only the curve of her breasts was clearly visible , the white swell of them half submerged .
va	NNS	Bones didn 't care if anyone looking on bothered to wonder why his eyes were glowing green .
va	NN	The sharp prick of excitement she felt when she found him both exhilarated and saddened her .
va	NN	And around that corrupted crystal were the astral images of the attackers , visible like ghosts among the bodies of the Fellowship .
va	NN	Her happiness spilled into him , filling him , driving out loneliness and doubts .
va	NNS	His pounds on the door a short distance ahead of me echo in the still night .
va	NNS	There was a heartbreaking sadness in her eyes .
va	NN	The stallion lunged toward the opening .
va	NN	" Within each queen is an imperative to remain separate .
va	NN	Day by day , after I 'd read the letter and once the portrait of Ruth was hung , the depression began to lift .
va	NN	A deafening explosion echoed down the hallway , and he heard one of his people in front , screeching as bits of shrapnel tore into his flesh .
va	NNS	The threads had to be here !
va	NNS	Cass leapt into the air , flying the remaining way until they were now standing directly under the rocks .
va	NNS	How are the babies ?
va	NNS	Cass gave him a warm look .
va	NNS	The little noises she was making in her throat drove him wild .
va	NN	The younger queen then turned to her mother .
va	NNS	The only purchases she 'd left in the plastic bag were the sports bra and cotton panties .
va	NN	His erection pushed painfully at the front of his pants and demanded release .
va	NNS	Also , two newcomers were with them , looking very out of place .
va	NN	How in fuck had a damn handyman taken him from behind like that ?
va	NNS	The hunting rifles were the closest things to actual weapons but they hardly constituted something an entire race of people would fear .
va	NN	" Anything you know might help . "
va	NNS	Fellows made himself turn his back and follow the butler out of the library without a word .
va	NNS	There were chunks of glass on the ground .
va	NN	In the top right section lay the Prevalent zone and Opulent zone .
va	NNS	Four deep , red gashes slashed across Reid 's abdomen , the skin around them dark with bruises .
va	NNS	Tears are streaming down her cheeks and she 's not even trying to stop them .
va	NNS	The rebels are here , all right .
va	NNS	Surely the external events of life were to blame , and not Joseph or at least not him alone !
va	NNS	The iris was mesmerizing in its beauty .
va	NNS	A thousand reflections in a hundred shattered mirrors .
va	NNS	" Six towns , six deaths , all by natural causes , all within the past eighteen months or so .
va	NN	The scenery on the canvas was frightening , what more if it was real ?
va	NNS	A smoldering stillness followed .
va	NN	The new stud was still one among three earrings in his ear , but it was definitely less in-your-face than the sputnik .
va	NNS	At seven , the first guests arrived .
va	NN	The royal court was swift with it 's prosecution and punishment .
va	NNS	" Other patients that are linked to our network are getting better .
va	NN	" The last president was Kennedy , in nineteen hundred and sixty-three .
va	NN	His aim was off kilter .
va	NN	In seconds , the whole swarm had disappeared .
va	NN	A brief barrage and the two commandos crumpled outside the castle of boulders .
va	NNS	Socks came running out of her bedroom and attacked her mom 's shoelaces .
va	NNS	Burn marks appears and I glance up at Nicole .
va	NN	A pity it felt so painfully real .
va	NN	A softening came over Dr. Horvath 's face .
va	NNS	His injuries would heal in a very short time .
va	NNS	The lass is useless . "
va	NNS	Usually face-to-face conversations were an automatic vocabulary enhancer .
va	NN	The trashcan had more than just a pretty little design on it .
va	NNS	" My manners are too rough , my speech too blunt .
va	NN	" When was your last period ? "
va	NN	The flat terrain we had started in was slowly morphing into a land of rolling , green hills .
va	NN	In the meantime the Bulgarian speaking youth , set off at such a pace that the cousins could barely keep up .
va	NN	A surge of protectiveness rose up in him as he watched her hips sway with each quiet stride of her combat boots on the stone floor .
va	NNS	There are magical artifacts roaming around the world that can do amazing things .
va	NN	His height and the breadth of his shoulders blocked out almost all the light as well as the other people who might be passing by .
va	NN	The envelope rustled and I felt Jax 's hand close around mine again .
va	NNS	Nikolas got to his feet and headed toward the parlor .
va	NNS	The players are hot , sweating , some bleeding .
va	NNS	The Asian influences were undeniable ; nonetheless , Mikey was taller than the rest and his skin more profound .
va	NN	This suggestion met with immediate and universal approval .
va	NNS	Four lawyers sat at a table with a moderator and faced the crowd .
va	NN	What 's the motivation for taking them both ? "
va	NNS	" It 's the perfect system : All day every day , ships come and go from the martial cities to the war zones .
va	NN	He was the robot without Laws , the robot unconstrained by the First Law prohibition against harming humans .
va	NNS	As soon as I open it , my phone rings and I answer it .
va	NN	Desire and fear and pleasure and panic and wanting to stay right here in Simon 's hot and hungry embrace until the world ended .
va	NN	The branch snapped unexpectedly , hurtling him into the darkness below .
va	NN	A loud curse escaped his mouth , echoing through the room .
va	NN	" I couldn 't reach Hendricks , " the dispatcher told her .
va	NNS	His man 's coat reached to his heels , the cuffs and sleeves turned back .
va	NN	His lawyer was there , and he said that James could pay the debt and in doing so , the company would revert to him .
va	NNS	Hours passed and I was still drawing .
va	NN	Beauty of any kind might be a new discovery for her .
va	NNS	At a waving of this monster 's arm other black shapes came into the frame .
va	NN	" If you need to hear it , apology accepted .
va	NN	" Once you know this , there is no unknowing it , " the witch warned .
va	NNS	The hiss lodged between her shoulder blades .
va	NNS	The troopers mounted their own horses .
va	NN	My irritation and impatience increased and threatened to explode when she fumbled once again through her coin purse looking for the correct change .
va	NN	The coffeepot was already in the sink .
va	NN	Wow , u are online !
va	NNS	There were still boxes of her belongings from when she rushed them from her mother 's home , packed and sealed .
va	NNS	Most folks think we 're stupid and dull .
va	NN	The bus driver didn ´ t greet them when they said hello .
va	NN	The thick fog reduced visibility to a few short strides .
va	NN	But before things could get any further , a sudden buzzing interrupted them .
va	NN	The mere suggestion terrified Grace , but she couldn 't slough off Madeline 's words without giving herself away .
va	NN	Luckily , the gun 's magazine was full .
va	NN	There was exhaustion etched in the dark circles beneath her eyes .
va	NNS	Its sharp claws grabbed the children on their skirts .
va	NNS	The patients were no longer staring at them .
va	NNS	My toes are swollen from where I kicked that Mog in the face .
va	NN	The undead passed them by .
va	NN	There 's soap and things on the wash stand in the corner .
va	NN	The climb looked pretty easy ; the boulders were slightly slanted , but they could be climbed on still .
va	NNS	The police doctors had said one person could do it .
va	NN	Clark trotted after me , a puzzled look on his furry face at this change in the order of things .
va	NNS	Little beads of sweat broke out over the man 's brow .
va	NNS	Fergus shook his head .
va	NN	But there was one event that had yet to take place .
va	NN	" The string won 't reach . "
va	NNS	The fine hairs on the back of his neck lifted , his skin doing that tingling thing .
va	NNS	His irises were still turquoise .
va	NN	" No , no , you stupid git , the sorcerer will be out that way waiting .
va	NNS	The front yards were empty , but that was nothing odd , especially so early on a cloudy morning .
va	NN	This venture took almost all the rest of Zo 's money .
va	NN	But their reprieve wouldn 't last long .
va	NNS	" The political implications might go a bit further than you intend .
va	NN	" The park owner sent up an alarm before we even had a chance to suffer from mild frostbite . "
va	NNS	The bed springs creaked .
va	NN	The pirate stood to the side , running his hands through a clanging bag of coins .
va	NNS	Their numbers grew daily and so did the tension and anticipation . "
va	NN	Anything he can remember will help us . "
va	NN	The scrape of utensil against plate stopped , as did the sounds of chewing and slurping .
va	NNS	Strong souls , such as hers , only come along very rarely and would have proven a powerful force against the darkness .
va	NNS	His lean golden flanks rippled as he made that first lunging thrust into her body .
va	NN	This journey was nothing like what he had imagined .
va	NNS	Then , just 100 yards away from the castle , the army stopped .
va	NNS	Police officers grabbed the captain and took him away .
va	NN	" Turn left at the next street ; West Broadway . "
va	NNS	And that fast the roots of her hair started tingling .
va	NN	The ghostly fey pressed in , raising their horrible hands .
va	NN	The punishment went on unabated , until the number had reached fifty .
va	NNS	His eyelashes brushed up against mine whenever he blinked .
va	NN	" A winery , " he mumbled .
va	NN	" Renata 's talent is lethal , Claire .
va	NNS	Then the birds scattered , half diving into water , and half shooting up to the tree tops .
va	NN	And now the local witch is dead in a house fire .
va	NNS	The contract terms were more than fair .
va	NN	His resolute face shut her out as he steered onto the road .
va	NNS	Broken breaths crippled his speech .
va	NN	A conveyor belt protruded from the rear elevation , its cogs and wheels red with rust .
va	NN	Any resemblance to actual events , locals , or persons , living or dead is coincidental .
va	NNS	Two cylindrical holding chambers linked to one of the Shinra Corporation 's best computers glowed from the far side .
va	NNS	asked Caroline as her eyes wandered aimlessly around Helen 's room .
va	NNS	The pant cuffs rode a little high on my ankles , exposing baggy , white socks .
va	NNS	Our mouths slipped over each other , our skin slick with rain that dripped through the low ceiling , sprinkling us with little pricks of cold .
va	NN	On his left , a huge rectangular complex of dark stone rose eight floors high .
va	NNS	There were no tracks other than his own and that of a couple of deer .
va	NNS	Collecting rare specimens had been his main occupation for years .
va	NNS	Guests will be arriving shortly . "
va	NN	The current quickly enveloped me .
va	NN	That second invasion stops right there . '
va	NN	league allowed himself a small smile , to go along .
va	NNS	The doctors say ... She cranked up the music -- something old and sweet -- and pressed her foot down on the accelerator .
va	NNS	Lemon slices even floated in it .
va	NNS	Two long tables were on each side of the red carpet and the table went from door to throne .
va	NN	The weather is near freezing and the ground is wet , but it 's not raining and there 's only a gentle breeze .
va	NNS	A sadness tugged ever so slightly at her painted lips .
va	NNS	" Where are the monsters ? "
va	NNS	My phone rings and I retrieve it from my pocket as Daisy 's name pops up on the screen .
va	NNS	A few customers browsed quietly , and I hoped the sales would be good today for Stone 's sake .
va	NN	Her transportation from her place in the physical plane to his place was exhausting .
va	NNS	" Gods , " Layla sighed , " you really are like your mother . "
va	NNS	The oars they 'd left behind them !
va	NNS	His helplessness , his inability to act , enraged him .
va	NNS	Fergus Wallace , and if you doubted his connection to us , only read . "
va	NNS	Our choices also determine our fate .
va	NN	The old midwife sighed .
va	NNS	The paramedics are on their way . "
va	NN	" And how about the orchestra hierarchy ?
va	NNS	His irises flashed , telling me all I needed to know .
va	NN	The blade 's orange shine reflected on the fighter ship 's flawless metallic skin .
va	NN	Finally , after a few hits with the shovel , the tombstone rested upright and perfect .
va	NN	A portrait hung above the hearth .
va	NNS	The agents state , under oath , that they made no threats whatsoever .
va	NNS	Bones recovered enough to shrug .
va	NN	They were training and being tested in various formations , some throwing spears , others hurling javelins , a few practicing their grips on lances .
va	NNS	Their ships were completely empty .
va	NNS	But already the doubts are creeping in .
va	NNS	" Only because the gods were with me . "
va	NNS	Our souls melded together .
va	NN	There 's a shed out back . "
va	NN	Any resemblance of characters to actual persons , living or dead , is purely coincidental .
va	NN	The old lady 's unexpected interference questioned the wisdom of further conversation in the yard , and Arthur suggested relocating to the wasteland .
va	NNS	Several corridors away and down a floor , those two boys were not wandering the halls .
va	NN	" The tapes I would like to view , sir , are from midnight Monday last week through midnight on Wednesday , " continued the police detective .
va	NNS	Endless grief will eventually destroy the human mind .
va	NN	* * * That night , Kylie stared at the ceiling forever , craving sleep that didn 't come .
va	NNS	Your brilliant arguments consisted of ' trust me ' and ' lie back and enjoy it . '
va	NN	In her situation , she had to make sacrifices , had to trade her youth , beauty and sexual favors for marriage , money and citizenship .
va	NNS	A few hardy golfer souls were out on the course .
va	NNS	His gestures grew animated .
va	NNS	His doubts twisted about until his head pounded .
va	NNS	His orange scrubs looked more like prison clothes than hospital wear .
va	NNS	The burnt offerings of the very best is all they will touch .
va	NN	" A good bartender doesn 't give up her recipes for free . "
va	NN	Fear gripped her tighter than Chase 's fist on her shirt .
va	NNS	The marks became known as the devil 's footprints because no one could come up with a more plausible explanation .
va	NNS	As soon as he shut the door to the truck , a potent autumn stillness embraced them .
va	NN	There was respect in his tone of voice , and Richard relaxed , but only a little .
va	NNS	As another started to lower his rifle too , a sharp hiss sounded from a device clipped to his collar .
va	NNS	Hot dogs , hot wings , and hot popcorn were the requested items and all prepared by Kelly .
va	NN	A bucket of ice water couldn 't have doused her lust faster .
va	NNS	What are prime numbers ? "
va	NN	A dull clunk , followed by a slurping noise , filled the gap in conversation and Ice recognized the sound of Nik 's coffee maker .
va	NN	OK , flaring out ... 200 hundred feet ... 100 feet ... we 're down , chute deployed ... front wheel on the ground .
va	NNS	But those patches seemed solid .
va	NN	Anything to warm Nuala 's clammy skin and put color back into her lips .
va	NNS	There were so many other options which made her blush but she wanted just one item in particular .
va	NN	' A little bird , eh ? '
va	NNS	" The faeries agreed to the Clave 's terms . "
va	NNS	Icarus grabbed her off the ground , supporting all of her weight when she didn 't do it on her own .
va	NNS	" Not all the ships went missing .
va	NNS	Books lined the walls and he 'd hung several firearms there , next to the light .
va	NN	The bird let out a piercing shriek .
va	NNS	There were four-inch thick straps holding up the corset , with large , oval turquoise stones set on the fabric .
va	NNS	The instructions were clear .
va	NNS	" There are great numbers of people out there .
va	NN	The wire he 'd used to rappel from the roof snapped his feet back up .
va	NN	A small muscled youth smiled at Sophie with white teeth .
va	NNS	The local birds liked to work in an emergency .
va	NNS	In the past month or so their numbers have grown exponentially . "
va	NNS	As if a thousand little tendrils were brushing the wrong way against every pore of my skin .
va	NNS	External injuries are apparent .
va	NN	" The president made his address to the Nation last night where he instituted Marshall Law where over twenty arrests were made of suspected home grown terrorist .
va	NNS	And then the hunters came .
va	NN	The moment those words came out of her mouth , an irrational prick of jealousy burned in her stomach .
va	NNS	Cricket was on his feet in an instant , fists curled into tight balls .
va	NN	But all humor left him when he got a good look at the hill .
va	NNS	Tears started to slide down my face , but I didn 't try to stop them .
va	NN	This odd revelation made me grin and I couldn 't help but wink at her in approval .
va	NNS	Though , the two options were not mutually exclusive .
va	NN	The mental torture of it exhausted her and she soon fell asleep .
va	NNS	Curios barks over the noise of the monsters .
va	NN	And her bleeding knee .
va	NNS	There were two pages of listings .
va	NNS	Rhys came to stand on my other side , but made no move to take my other hand .
va	NNS	asked Gus , facing Buck as Rita cleared the parking lot .
va	NNS	Tears stream down my face in rivers , and I don 't give a shit .
va	NN	" What if it was a clue ? "
va	NNS	Immediately the control room of the Armageddon came alive with activity , other engineers scrambled to coordinate their systems to seek and destroy this new enemy .
va	NNS	And if she wasn 't dreaming , then the other seven-year-old Molly was real .
va	NN	Blame the ' 70 's TV .
va	NNS	Scores pulled up a chair and gestured for Case to do the same .
va	NNS	Although even for a guy who was willing to go all the way to the edge , options seemed slim to none .
va	NN	There were backlit mirrors propped up on every flat surface , curlers warming on the dresser , perfume in the air .
va	NNS	Our vessels use a special pulse transmitter to burst messages back and forth when the field is up .
va	NNS	Tears were misting down her diminutive features .
va	NNS	The terms were in the agreement .
va	NNS	The terrorists escaped down a special security elevator traveling down the center of the building . "
va	NNS	How are the speech lessons going ? "
va	NNS	My breaths keep coming in short gasps .
va	NNS	Today hundreds of citizens gathered around the waterway -- nobles , miners , and everyone in between .
va	NNS	' Parents must fail first .
va	NNS	Some dogs tried to leap it , others to climb , still others to dig .
va	NN	The ache in the pit of her stomach told her that .
va	NNS	Certain events in her past had made her absolutely indifferent to other humans .
va	NN	And judging from what you said , freedom 's what you want . "
va	NN	In the distance , thunder rumbled .
va	NN	The motive behind the attacks had bothered me constantly .
va	NN	There was a section that had an indent into the basement , and that was the bathroom .
va	NNS	Eyes both afraid and angry turned to Bailey , but she was unmoved by their response .
va	NN	" It 's already done , Admiral , " the clone said .
va	NNS	The blonde motions down the hall in the direction Emily went .
va	NNS	There were never any mirrors in these dreams , so I had to take his word for it .
va	NN	The department took a lot of measures to make sure the guys who went down while I was there keep their mouths shut .
va	NN	Fear sat in her stomach , cold and hard .
va	NN	There 's no shame in it . "
va	NNS	At that stage there were no other customers , so I didn 't think she would mind if I stayed at the window all day .
va	NN	" How 's that roommate of yours ?
va	NN	Over a fireplace hung a painting of a red-haired woman .
va	NN	A great wail of many anguished voices , rising to the heavens as one .
va	NN	The professor had been a close associate of the anthropologist killed by the blast .
va	NN	As camp was being dismantled , the young navigator followed behind the slowly moving wagon with those of the Forest looking ahead and watching behind .
va	NNS	The gods only know who or what might be around seeking plunder or dinner from the aftermath of that flood . '
va	NNS	" Helps the crops grow . "
va	NNS	The alliances have not met since my father was a child .
va	NNS	Two uniformed officers removed their hats and asked if they could enter .
va	NNS	Tears streamed down his face as they pricked his finger and he dotted the line like he had in my last dream .
va	NN	A planet like this was full of desperate brutal people just waiting for a chance to kill you if it could earn them a buck or two .
va	NN	Fear climbs up my spine .
va	NN	Her radio buzzed again .
va	NN	The waitress lit the fondue burner and set a bowl filled with a hot cheese mixture on top .
va	NNS	Some viewers were ready to change the channel .
va	NNS	Most folks didn 't pass this way very often .
va	NNS	First , there 's the guard hairs , these here . "
va	NN	Her heart throbbed and her chest constricted with pain .
va	NNS	Actually , two circular needles , since the most popular pattern so far had been socks .
va	NN	" Quite right , " said the barman .
va	NN	The instructor asked one of the other students to bring her motorcycle over to the truck and he helped Darcy .
va	NN	Fear caught my breath as I pushed at the branches ripping at my hair .
va	NNS	God 's gifts and my own study have given me useful powers .
va	NN	The bird flew over her shoulders .
va	NNS	The attorneys would get 25 percent in Group Two , though Clay had no idea why .
va	NNS	Her beliefs bordered on arrogance easily .
va	NNS	Now his duties were about to change again .
va	NN	" How is the legal work proceeding ?
va	NNS	The huge trunks stretched fifty feet into the air , where they opened their limbs to the sky , drinking the sunlight into their leaves .
va	NNS	These autonomous taxis were supremely adept at zeroing in on humans with their hitchhiker 's thumb raised high .
va	NN	His paranoia and fixation were such that he repeatedly offered me his entire fortune , in exchange for the secret of my ageless condition .
va	NNS	Automatic manners took over .
va	NN	But the wrath would not last long .
va	NN	The old hag laughed wickedly and shove Sofia into the burning sea of flame .
va	NNS	There were even thin white bands as if the stigma had been scarred as he 'd been .
va	NNS	There are serious complications . "
va	NNS	The sleeves come down to my fingertips , and I roll them up too .
va	NN	There is a bucket of cold water outside .
va	NN	The flare before last dumped a phoenix onto the city , right over the Asian neighborhoods .
va	NNS	Rarely successful , these criminal ventures often lead to running from the police , or a beating at the hands of wronged would-be victims .
va	NN	Nick 's gut coiled , and his sick sense of humor almost caused a laugh to spill from his lips .
va	NN	Her composure instantly disintegrates .
va	NN	The gunslinger stood on the steps , looking up , and the boy joined him .
va	NN	The housekeeper met Dean already coming down the stairs in his night robe .
va	NN	The telescope was in front of me .
va	NN	That intensity carried out of the ring too .
va	NN	The torture chamber had been one floor down .
va	NNS	" Mothers don 't get over things like that . "
va	NNS	Tears were streaming down the Dowager Queen 's face and suddenly she looked very old .
va	NNS	The bottom two shelves contained cookbooks , while the top three held framed photos .
va	NNS	My guests will wonder where I have disappeared to . '
va	NN	A minute later , a young pretty waitress who appeared slightly nervous took her order for a glass of white wine .
va	NN	The weather was muggy after the series of storms that had dotted the horizon the past week .
va	NN	But the butterflies rioting in her stomach made her feel too vulnerable to take that kind of intimacy in stride .
va	NNS	Tears leaked from the corners of her eyes .
va	NNS	Were there other options ?
va	NNS	My chest cracks open .
va	NNS	The remaining attackers were down in seconds after two shots rang out .
va	NN	An inner quaking took root in her , shaking through muscle and bone .
va	NN	Anything that affected her affected him , and he would make sure she knew it .
va	NNS	In case you haven 't noticed , flying monsters have just attacked the moon , and destroyed Moon Base .
va	NNS	For fourteen years the beasts had had to fend for themselves , and they had not fared well .
va	NN	* * * The next night , with a few hours to go before the masked ball , Reyes 's housekeeper informed him that Eve had arrived .
va	NNS	Alex grits through his teeth , fists clenched .
va	NN	Anything was better than sitting in her office , thinking about all the things that could never be .
va	NN	" The Private Arrangements program is not for sale . "
va	NN	Seismic activity across the world is going nuts .
va	NNS	Deep , vengeful cuts tore through her cheeks .
va	NN	" There was nothing on the security footage either , " the detective countered .
va	NNS	Tears blurred his vision .
va	NN	The council doesn 't even want me down here .
va	NN	A muscle ticked in his cheek as he pulled her against his side , pressing a gentle kiss to her temple as he lay next to her .
va	NNS	All our wars Come down to this at last , And all our tears .
va	NNS	" Well , the cops aren 't vampires .
va	NNS	Tears start to flow as everything goes blank .
va	NNS	Per Jonah 's instructions , I drove toward Lake Michigan , then headed north to the marina at the edge of the harbor .
va	NN	Again , the townspeople turned out to pay their respects and offer their condolences to the family .
va	NN	A misty fog lay peacefully atop the lake but pushed away from her as water rippled around her body .
va	NNS	28 Elena got out of the buggy and hurried over to Haven .
va	NNS	The chambers were obviously empty .
va	NNS	The Gods searched the worlds for her , but she was nowhere to be found . "
va	NNS	A few smal marks on his arm were fresh , but the rest were not from the brawl today .
va	NN	The weather in the sky took a turn for the waste as lightning echoed everywhere around me .
va	NNS	His gasping breaths were getting weaker now .
va	NNS	Dios gave him a stare that would have caused a sphinx to blink and look away .
va	NN	" That you bond your life force to mine . "
va	NNS	" There are countless options .
va	NNS	The thundering hooves faded .
va	NN	" And then there 's a revelation .
va	NN	" Your necklace , " I say .
va	NNS	The shapes appear more defined in the photographs we took , but let me see if I can show you . "
va	NN	The rumbles of far away thunder hit my ears .
va	NN	Neither Order forbade their Hunters from playing with their prey .
va	NNS	Three officers in full fatigues are sitting at a long table waiting for someone , anyone , to walk in .
va	NN	His Majesty turned to the captain .
va	NN	A searing jolt of fire shot up my arm from my wrist and I doubled over , grabbing the arm with my other hand .
va	NNS	Driven into a frenzy by the scent of blood , the beasts snarled and leaped into the bars without regard for their own safety .
va	NNS	The scouts have spoken ; you have heard their report for yourself .
va	NNS	Ten boxes quickly moved from tractor to truck .
va	NNS	Tears poured out of his eyes .
va	NNS	His surly moods always brought her amusement .
va	NNS	The houses had all gone dark , but there were points of light appearing everywhere .
va	NN	In a moment , the pathetic figures all shouted : " Kill Him , Kill Him ! "
va	NNS	The car 's headlights flicked on automatically as soon as it was out of the bright sunlight .
va	NNS	" Guys like me don 't grow on trees . "
va	NN	A critical error , we made . "
va	NN	" My mother used to say , each generation messes up their children simply by trying to do the opposite of what their parents did .
va	NNS	There are all sorts of magical items in the world .
va	NN	Another whine and a bow of his head , as if he were nodding .
va	NN	His climax not only caught him by surprise , but shook him to the depths of his soul .
va	NNS	Guys aren 't good at that kind of stuff . "
va	NNS	No cracks to slip into and disappear for a while , like a month or two .
va	NNS	Jake slammed the old gate open and walked through , two birds flaring in the honeysuckle hedge as he did so .
va	NN	The smug satisfaction on her face wavered .
va	NNS	Sometimes small towns can have pretty slim pickings . "
va	NN	The vicious flurry of strikes hit nothing but air , and the twins grow fiercer by the minute .
va	NN	" Where is this painting ?
va	NNS	Tears burned in his eyes , in his throat .
va	NN	My cloak ruffled in the wind and it seemed as though the wind itself carried me .
va	NN	His well-groomed appearance belied the stuffy odor of his store , which smelled like it hadn 't had a good cleaning in years .
va	NNS	Leaves crunched , and Daphne and Rory moved to stand beside me .
va	NNS	Eyes from the throne room appear in the walls to watch us .
va	NN	The weather moderated , and the sky was blue again .
va	NN	" I don 't think that would be appropriate , " said a terrified looking Floppy .
va	NNS	Its hundreds of tiny feet flickered beneath its bulk .
va	NN	A gust of wind blew up causing the trees around the two gods to toss and creak with the force .
va	NNS	Scouts from the East repeatedly passed by them , but saw little as they traveled quickly through the country .
va	NNS	His thoughtful gestures told her better than words could that he wanted her to stick around .
va	NNS	The nobles mused over her words .
va	NNS	Through the gate , however , the fortress is still well protected .
va	NN	The mage did not hesitate to torture him .
va	NNS	When it stopped , noises came from its beak , like gargling coupled with a dog 's growling .
va	NNS	Before I completed the thought , the painters started spreading garish deep pink and light orange stripes up and down my lovely walls .
va	NNS	" My tapestries , " she murmured , caressing the end of one of the rolls , then her gaze moved on .
va	NNS	Seconds before she wanted nothing but solitude and the time to plan her defence against whatever barrage on her senses and emotions would next come from Douglas .
va	NN	The motor turned over a half dozen times , then suddenly fired and rumbled to life .
va	NNS	" And those timbers over there - " Cheery began , but stopped because Vimes had raised a finger to his lips .
va	NN	The shelter was at least ten miles away .
va	NNS	Tears of frustration and fear ran down my cheeks , mixing with dirt and blood , but they had no effect on Petr .
va	NNS	The black ships were of a larger size than the ships of those of the Red and could carry close to two hundred troops each .
va	NN	The surrounding greenery gave the yard a feeling of enclosure .
va	NN	The meadow gradually gave over to gently rolling hills and solid forest .
va	NN	His gut cramped again at the reminder .
va	NN	Her labor was difficult , and she was sure she could never have endured it if not for James , who stood faithfully at her side .
va	NN	A shiver ran from Grace 's head to her feet .
va	NN	Winkler 's new cook and house staff had arrived already to supervise .
va	NN	She gazed up at him , her violet eyes dancing with pleasure .
va	NNS	Tears were stinging my eyes again , too and I couldn 't let her feel responsible for the mess my life was .
va	NN	Any Were who walked past the table would pick up on it .
va	NN	A deep valley filled with bones of those once living , cast aside like yesterday 's trash .
va	NN	And the bone is wiggling ! "
va	NN	The portal began to hum and grow in brightness .
va	NN	No sooner were the words out when Steve walked into the room .
va	NNS	But the counselors here loved it .
va	NNS	" There are patterns here , like with all languages .
va	NNS	Most peoples do , just they choose not to believe they exist .
va	NN	A muscle twitched in Finn 's jaw as he placed a heavy hand on the back of Kojima 's chair .
va	NNS	" The dirty bastards snatched my market basket . "
va	NN	Her appearance might 've leveled up but her attitude was too much the same .
va	NNS	The agents are close , but they 're very professional .
va	NNS	Cronus held my arm , his hands still fire against my skin , and Ava lingered on my other side .
va	NNS	" There were these ship models in his house .
va	NN	His snout moved close as well .
va	NN	And an orphan , too , I understand .
va	NNS	Tears began to leak from her eyes and she struggled to see past them .
va	NN	A barely stifled whimper slipped from his mouth as he pulled his hand back and chewed on his knuckles .
va	NNS	Bess said in disgust .
va	NNS	Her lashes curled against her cheek as she slept soundly .
va	NNS	Men may choose to believe that when it suits them but women know the truth . "
va	NNS	Later , engineers capped that river during construction , built scaffolding to support the lab over the pit .
va	NNS	My heart pounds like it always does when I 'm around her .
va	NN	This magazine asked me to do a nude shot and I turned them down .
va	NN	The tell-tale odor was faint and almost imperceptible , but there was no mistaking it .
va	NN	A vein in her temple twitched at the sound of the word death and I bit my lip , scolding myself for my choice of words .
va	NN	The opponent slipped under the arm and landed a left hook on Luisa 's liver .
va	NNS	The tanks should be safe ... , " " For now , " he added uncertainly .
va	NN	" Certainly , your grace , but the day after tomorrow is the twenty-third , which is customarily Judgment Day .
va	NNS	" My officers were grateful that you provided us with the information on the roadside bomb .
va	NNS	Our robes helped break our fall and there we were , standing right by the northern edge of the city .
va	NNS	" How about wishing for more wishes ?
va	NN	Her flower garden was a sight to behold , and was equally loved by her neighbors and all the bees in town .
va	NNS	But more beasts closed in from all directions , screeching in agony and fury .
va	NN	Andrew 's elbow slammed into his diaphragm hard enough to double Neil up over his knees .
va	NN	The Queen encouraged while she pointed .
va	NN	This interesting and shrouded activity was something that any parent should have been aware of , especially a parent of a teenage girl .
va	NN	This time that thin veneer of civilization cracked and she could feel the edge to his voice .
va	NNS	The citizens have murdered her for their pious pity problems in life .
va	NNS	Two cops were ticketing a long line of cars and trucks that were pulled off to the side .
va	NNS	Dozens of ornaments adorn the scrawny limbs ; there are so many the tree looks full and lush , even though they are oddly placed .
va	NNS	The flashlight flickers , then it goes completely dark when she reaches out for me and whispers in my ear , " Because of you . "
va	NN	The champagne and chocolate-covered strawberries had led him to believe she 'd planned something more intimate than the option laid out before him now .
va	NN	The rumble of a tire , riding on its sidewalls , followed .
va	NN	A knob , a lever , a crevice , a button , but she felt only cold stone .
va	NN	Her longing for a child had been shoved aside for so many years that whenever it surfaced the ache became unbearable .
va	NN	A man 's seal was his life , his honor , even more than his sword .
va	NNS	Mothers would never do that .
va	NNS	Hades got the underground , and wasn 't very happy about it .
va	NNS	Ordinary citizens have stopped on here , and many servants , and a few masters .
va	NN	" The legal authority for your letter of marque does not exist .
va	NNS	Their souls were lighter , brighter , and I knew they would find peace .
va	NN	The climb itself posed no problem ; it was what might be waiting for them up there .
va	NN	The youth flicked it so that the blade left his hand and turned a full circle , before the hilt landed back in his palm .
va	NN	But the main controller got no response from the humanoid other than a loud roar of defiance and more struggling .
va	NNS	" So all hunters have to wear black trench coats ? "
va	NNS	Some heroes we are , I thought .
va	NN	The traitor I doubt is doing the same thing because Adria would probably have seen him or her , too .
va	NN	My admin assistant smiles and then promptly reminds me of what requires my attention .
va	NN	There 's a mild uproar .
va	NNS	The stitches in my leg strained with the effort , but held .
va	NNS	Days of friction followed .
va	NN	Immediately , a stray gust nearly knocked her skinny legs out from under her .
va	NNS	" Where are the fancy houses again ? "
va	NN	A quick query , a few clicks , and I had a message off to her . "
va	NNS	The injuries inflicted would have been severe if the inner spirits hadn 't instinctively applied defensive cocoons protecting them from the worst effects of other magic .
va	NNS	Any moment now , the employees of this facility would be waking up and checking their prisoners in a panic to ensure that no one had escaped .
va	NNS	Hunting bloodthirsty rebels in the middle of their territory didn 't seem like a genius idea right then .
va	NN	The sudden outburst startled Jason , and he jumped .
va	NN	The bird had ... information , not to be sent .
va	NNS	" Your sons have gotten themselves mixed up with it . "
va	NN	A muscle ticked below his eye as he motioned to Maddie to lead the way .
va	NN	" Your address is in Daddy 's Rolodex .
va	NNS	The would-be heroes bowed , and the King looked each of them briefly in the eyes as he began to speak .
va	NNS	Several customers had come in ; at the moment they were studying the list of ice-cream flavors but she 'd have to attend to them soon .
va	NN	" How 's the evacuation going ? "
va	NN	The distant thunder was growling and the wind was pushing tumble weeds through town .
va	NNS	Chances are slim , though , that it 's going to read the right code , especially when there 's a lot of lint on the zipper .
va	NNS	Hundreds of zombies stand outside the Departures entry area , watching everything in silence .
va	NN	The doorman must have been watching the odd scene being played out in front of him because he quickly looked away .
va	NN	There 's a ferocity to her I 've rarely seen .
va	NN	My savings account is pretty pathetic , as if that wasn 't apparent by the size of my apartment .
va	NN	The pale orb wobbled , then it rose .
va	NNS	" Surely , despite that , your obligations can wait another day so that you can see his show . "
va	NNS	The circumstances here , however , are somewhat different .
va	NN	The lawyer asked her if she had made a decision .
va	NN	" Where are the sugar lumps now ? "
va	NN	Even the heavily pregnant Tara joined in the chorus of enthusiasm as a line of men danced out on the stage behind Claude .
va	NNS	Both giants took a swing at each other and missed .
va	NNS	Hours might feel like minutes as both desire more and more kisses .
va	NNS	There were gods and presences and wills ; beauty and evil , and the shrieking of noxious night robbed of its prey .
va	NN	Instead of attack from the air , the pyramid staggered suddenly and awfully beneath his feet .
va	NNS	Tears glistened in his eyes .
va	NN	" Another example of liberals declaring war on good wholesome values like mining .
va	NN	The peril of having Rebecca die before her eyes had seemed all too imminent .
va	NNS	Cell phones being ubiquitous among students , calls to the campus and city police went out immediately .
va	NNS	Guys like that didn 't go out with girls like her .
va	NNS	Unseen birds chirped in the hazy morning , as a gentle breeze flowed through the rip in her jeans , chilling her knee .
va	NN	Leven 's official title is " steward " of the superstructure , and he 's talking a mile a minute . "
va	NN	The lad has betrayed you as much as me .
va	NNS	Men don 't carry umbrellas . "
va	NNS	When we fought , everything Nicholas did affected me .
va	NNS	Two M-16 rifles sat stacked above and automatic pistol and two more revolvers .
va	NNS	The visitors ' holy relics promised salvation to all , and like a horde of rats they came rushing to them .
va	NNS	Grams got up and started to clean up .
va	NNS	The big black dogs would have matched the queen 's costume , but they ignored her .
va	NN	Then the strange buzzing rose again .
va	NNS	And the glowing shapes shivered and embraced her , caressing , fondling .
va	NNS	The teenagers were in shock as this semi cripple pushed out with his constricted arms and ducked , while Taylor 's arms were weaker around him .
va	NN	The flame caught the edge of the paper .
va	NN	' And your alternative is more likely ? '
va	NNS	The cops are tracking you .
va	NNS	Tears burst from the corners of your eyes and scar your cheeks as though they were acid .
va	NNS	Members of The Courant were not kind creatures .
va	NNS	At the gable end of the barn , a narrow , paved alleyway wound upwards and Paul stopped to catch his breath and reassess his options .
va	NNS	Moments later a second group of soldiers entered the chapel .
va	NNS	The controls aren 't automated but antiquated , like everything else at the carnival .
va	NN	The extent of trust in the gesture almost brought him to his knees with emotions he 'd never experienced .
va	NNS	The cracks extend and widen , making their way around the walls toward me .
va	NNS	All sorts of questions were crowding my mind .
va	NNS	Tears roll down his cheeks , but he doesn 't wipe them away .
va	NNS	The bastards who weren 't participating were watching , waiting their turn .
va	NN	The result is instant .
va	NN	Loud thunder erupted and formed a circle of blue-white light around as I continued rotating my staff .
va	NN	The new surge detected out along the western half of the United States was beyond pinpointing .
va	NNS	Corry 's lawyers dealt with Sylvia 's lawyers .
va	NN	" Local police are calling the killings the work of a serial killer , " the reporter said .
va	NN	" Mrs. Dawson , " the steward shouted .
va	NN	No sooner did the sound slip from his lips then a hand was clenched over his mouth .
va	NNS	" Geothermal zones , " he said .
va	NNS	Such labels were pale reflections of the two who had bled and fought at his side .
va	NN	The bouncer looked at her , frowning .
va	NNS	The lessons aren 't entirely applicable in the modern age . "
va	NN	Anybody want to come ? "
va	NNS	The volunteers will come in every ten days to have their vitals checked and to submit to a drug screen .
va	NNS	The bandits couldn 't search for them en masse on this side of the river .
va	NN	Jack 's yell of horror , Walter Kingsland 's screaming , " You want her so bad , you got her ! "
va	NN	" My lawyer will have all of your badges for this .
va	NN	" The queen asks , and I obey . "
va	NNS	Men desired her physically , but wanted the power of her mother 's throne and the royal status much more .
va	NN	" Green and blue and I saw silver light and some red too .
va	NN	Then everybody dies . "
va	NNS	And some youngsters claimed they saw him haunting the graveyard !
va	NN	The radio plays and the engine keeps cutting out .
va	NNS	Guys who lived in Salem were not my type -- no matter how sexy and kind .
va	NNS	The knots in his stomach didn 't ease at her tempered reply .
va	NN	The puppy twitched , and Georgie rubbed harder , massaging it with her hands .
va	NNS	The sacrifices they made definitely enlightened the scientists , allowing great strides in the medical and military fields .
va	NNS	There are gardens directly behind , but beyond that , there is a cliff with a hundred foot drop to the sea below .
va	NNS	Her panties quickly followed .
va	NNS	But because the father was a mortal man and she was a goddess , the other gods shunned her for it .
va	NNS	Her scars attested to that .
va	NN	When I saw his face , the underlying happiness was indescribable .
va	NN	" Perhaps the witch isn 't so powerless after all .
va	NN	There was a faint and curious rumble of sound in the air .
va	NNS	" Ah , how the tides have turned .
va	NNS	On the street were knots of roving men .
va	NN	The Calvary Chapel service for Bob Halley has long passed while his body is on route to Kansas and his immediately family .
va	NN	A shooting star flared across the sky , and I knew what my wish was immediately .
va	NN	Her terror flooded my mind like a potent memory .
va	NNS	The plates were perforated to permit speech , and left the eyes and nose unprotected .
va	NNS	Tears glittered in Elizabeth 's eyes .
va	NNS	Where are my convictions now ?
va	NNS	Any noble houses they could frighten out of the city would make seizing it that much easier .
va	NN	' Mama took me to a movie about a girl with very long hair .
va	NNS	" The cops have never been able to get anything to stick on Ross OR his sons .
va	NN	A series of vicious growls filled the line , then silence .
va	NNS	But often those local conversations turned to vacation plans and places they had visited that were warmer and or more highly populated .
va	NN	The gym was full of kids in scarlet satin gowns , their faces scrubbed and shiny , their eyes bright with promise .
va	NN	A large gray cloud covered the sun , and the shadow relieved them from the burning rays .
va	NNS	His fangs elongated further , sharp points filling his mouth as he parted his lips on a groan .
va	NN	My indifferent attitude to fashion was a constant thorn in her side .
va	NN	But the chain was thick and unrelenting .
va	NNS	My sons have done well . "
va	NN	On the other side was a framed portrait of a handsome middle-aged woman .
va	NN	Even if she managed to escape this situation with her life , would the stress cause her to lose their babies ?
va	NN	Confusion fluttered across her face , and then she smiled with a little wave of her hand .
va	NNS	" Most human beings never do .
va	NNS	Eris hesitated , then pulled back the clenched fist of the gauntlet and lashed out with all of her impressive strength .
va	NN	" Your Majesty , I am deeply sorry this house cannot function as well as it used to .
va	NN	Anything in particular you want ?
va	NNS	In the kissable mouth that rested against my breast were retractable fangs , connected to poison glands .
va	NNS	The kitten 's claws caught in the eyelet bedspread as it scrambled to right itself .
va	NNS	Unopened boxes of crap obviously bought off TV for the ' low price of just $ 19.95 ! "
va	NN	Not that all friction was a good thing .
va	NN	Fury scoffed at his brother 's offer .
va	NN	But that didn 't mean every death wasn 't mourned , every grief felt .
va	NN	" How does the virus work ?
va	NN	Rosemary chicken was her go-to meal when she was having company .
va	NNS	Despite the disruptions the delegates had concentrated on their own agendas and the results of the fledgling organisation had been newsworthy .
va	NNS	Men and women are just different ... . . "
va	NN	Yesterday 's news , literally .
va	NNS	Bullets are cheaper than teleports . "
va	NN	" There 's always a motive - cash , drugs , sex , a new pair of Nikes . "
va	NNS	His legs had healed remarkably quickly , the doctors said that it was a combination of his overall health and positive outlook .
va	NN	Suddenly my thirst was all I could think about .
va	NNS	The puppies were getting bigger and more mobile .
va	NN	Tears spring to my eyes as the panic and fear runs cold through my blood .
va	NN	What hid under Christian 's shirt was glorious .
va	NNS	Scientists have long debated the existence of ball lightning , but I knew it was real .
va	NN	The pity is , he never got a chance to realize or correct his miscalculation .
va	NNS	Only one question remained , were they Inquisitors ?
va	NN	The black cloud stood its ground for a bit longer but then dispersed into thin air like smoke .
va	NN	Fury swept through MaryAnn , fury and something dark and wild and dangerous .
va	NN	For another man 's devouring gaze .
va	NN	As Jake and Alaric watched the robot shouted " Lie flat ! "
va	NNS	Elis raises his head , and glances at the new guy , who now has his head drooped over an open textbook .
va	NN	A 555 par 5 , that was reachable only for the long hitters such as Buzz .
va	NN	Not only did the man wince , but she also could feel the fracture .
va	NN	Even though she was half wolf , her wolf gene was dormant .
va	NNS	Eyes to stare into for hours .
va	NN	One fifth of its surface is water , the rest , desert regions .
va	NNS	Bread crumbs sprinkled over the top .
va	NN	" -- I submit to you the first ever , solar battery projector .
va	NNS	Barrett 's conversations with Chet were mainly about books , and certainly not logic books .
va	NNS	His lethal hooves sliced high over my head and tangled with the open door before he galloped down the sidewalk .
va	NNS	Metis stared at me .
va	NN	The society or larger physical milieu , we live in , also has these three attributes of reception , action and inertia .
va	NNS	The bicycles flew up onto the hood , cracking the windshield in the corner , before clattering across the roof .
va	NN	The facility was everything I wanted it to be .
va	NN	Somebody messed up big time this time ! "
va	NN	" A restraining order ? "
va	NN	" The Night Children .
va	NN	The chain around her neck disappeared beneath the prim white collar .
va	NN	The ambulance pulls up in front of the condo .
va	NN	But for him there was no mysterious cloud of blood .
va	NNS	But the paramedics were pumping him full of all kinds of shit as they prepared to transfer him to the nearest hospital .
va	NN	" Does everybody know about this room ? "
va	NNS	Jax 's balls didn 't even heat .
va	NNS	The cops will be here in a few minutes . "
va	NNS	The grey robes were pouring into the smithy .
va	NN	Slight teasing , unlike any other more intimate or aggressive attempt , worked both ways .
va	NN	Clearly your Familiar isn 't keeping you happy . "
va	NNS	His riders jumped to obey .
va	NN	The deaf to hear .
va	NN	The edging along the walk and driveway seemed to have been accomplished with the precision of a scalpel .
va	NNS	My braids had started to fall out .
va	NNS	The woman 's nearness freshened his hunger and he reached for her , his gaze drawn to the pulse throbbing in the hollow of her throat .
va	NN	Her soon-to-be ex-husband Stan was a casualty of the scandals , but on that bright , sunny morning she chose not to think about that .
va	NN	" An earth mage could dig us a tunnel .
va	NNS	There were stubby , useless claws and fingers that were too short or fused together .
va	NN	Fear turned to anticipation .
va	NN	After all , my ex-boyfriend had invited me to a party in Roseville .
va	NN	An undercurrent of urgency surged through her .
va	NNS	Her goals for today were to pull herself together , control her rampant emotions , get on track with her life .
va	NNS	If Sasha messed this up , her partnership prospects were over .
va	NNS	As we approached him , the throngs of tourists passed , crowding the sidewalks , staring curiously at the pushy , flashy Porsche .
va	NN	' An invitation , ' the man tipped his head to the side and gave her a lingering look .
va	NN	A large sand trap protected the right front of a small green that sloped front to back .
va	NNS	Police officers asked questions .
va	NN	" I know you 're just thinking , what 's the harm ?
va	NN	" And the labor 's free . "
va	NN	The contrast was too painful .
va	NN	He looks back and forth between Trajan and I , a swarm of emotions lay in his eyes .
va	NNS	Her nearness makes my body tense .
va	NN	A black cloud stood on the surface of the water , dominating the horizon with an enormous funnel churning below it .
va	NN	The meek shall inherit the Earth .
va	NNS	Dham gestures in the direction I indicated with a wide sweep of his arm .
va	NN	There was exactly one globe like that in the world .
va	NNS	The monks in the old monastery built on the cliffs above Amalfi had just left the church after the morning mass .
va	NNS	But beyond this yawned a vast empty space , like the uncharted regions left blank by medieval cartographers where it was assumed monsters dwelled .
va	NN	His already impressive arousal twitched in her hand , which she took as a definite endorsement to continue .
va	NN	Just as she thought she was ready for anything , his exhalation almost deflated her with its dejection .
va	NN	Mikey , the owner of the Camaro , strides up to us .
va	NNS	Ms. Milford 's neighbors vouch for her having been hard at work in her house during the critical time .
va	NN	When I pushed the door open , a ghostly cloud of steam fol owed me as I walked across my bedroom floor .
va	NN	That pod contained some very important information that needed to make it back to Earth even if they didn 't .
va	NN	The tavern was still busy .
va	NNS	A terrible sadness washed over her .
va	NNS	The birds are singing and there is a baseball game .
va	NN	The service wasn 't as bad as I 'd expected .
va	NNS	" Oh , Jeez , " Scores said under his breath as Case accepted the puree from the trembling hand .
va	NNS	And for her folly the gods themselves cannot blame me ; she had that from her father .
va	NN	No shelter or food , so it would be impossible to cross even if anyone dared .
va	NNS	Even as he did so , root structures formed a caged of finned , thick wood , holding him prisoner .
va	NN	The protective mantle of magic slid off me .
va	NN	The sudden clashing of the cymbals , striking a discordant note .
va	NNS	Fire hoses stiffened as they erupted to life and huge water jets shot out at the house from two angles .
va	NN	The bartender then pulled out two small glasses .
va	NN	The gunman shook his head .
va	NNS	There were , as always , a few too many options .
va	NN	" So , Kathy , there 's a pretty lake not far from here .
va	NNS	Men screamed and were dragged back to badly overworked healers .
va	NNS	Congratulations , Melissa , you 're in possession of one very powerful document . "
va	NNS	The white shirt was unbuttoned at the top , sleeves rolled up .
va	NNS	Its gooey brains and blood stained me .
va	NN	" When I wanted to get out of the house , to escape , riding was always a good way .
va	NN	That simple gesture makes me feel more exposed than standing here in naught but my shift .
va	NNS	But then again , maybe the reaches of the forest had grown beyond what he had known .
va	NN	That embrace revealed that Caldwell was struggling to understand what they shared .
va	NNS	His curtains haven 't moved .
va	NNS	The black SUV Tom had driven was gone , any tracks covered by snowfall .
va	NN	Still , your ungrateful behavior has led to this . "
va	NNS	The pressures of military life eventually proved too much though and we decided to ' sign off ' and set up home as civilians .
va	NNS	The scratches on her skin from the brambles burned every time she moved .
va	NNS	Dozens of humans walked along various bridges and walkways .
va	NNS	Would the top floor flats have higher numbers , she wondered , as she moved to the bottom of the list ?
va	NN	The gathering was spontaneous , so everyone made oneself comfortable the way they liked it .
va	NNS	Days out on the road would mean days more exposed to the deadly fallout .
va	NN	" The furniture is hard .
va	NNS	There were too many freaking numbers .
va	NN	The armor is heavy , and it takes two technicians to help me to my feet .
va	NN	But my well-being is not important right now .
va	NNS	Writing decorated all the surfaces , a mix of shapes and letters .
va	NN	wedding invitation from Mitchell , " he said , handing it to her .
va	NNS	" How about the one the local officials visit least often ? "
va	NN	But my gut told me he was making a mistake , so I decided to bite the bullet .
va	NNS	Tears began to pour down my face .
va	NN	Anything was better than this intense stare he was giving me , like he knew something terrible had happened and I was keeping it from him .
va	NN	Then there was the older generation .
va	NN	A shudder ran through his big body and she knew he felt the same scorching heat she did .
va	NN	The jury was still out on this guy .
va	NNS	The owners liked it that way .
va	NNS	The citizens were hostile to the notion of Templars being present in Jerusalem .
va	NNS	The small , triangular tracks the demons left were not something that would be lasting .
va	NNS	" Country songs are so simple because they 're about what really matters . "
va	NNS	Kirstie 's revelations had left him raw .
va	NN	" Name is Adam .
va	NNS	The waiters worked with a well-oiled precision , and in a few minutes , all but our corner of the floor was devoid of furniture .
va	NN	But this new found confidence and flare in her business life , was very much a charade .
va	NN	Every laird in The Holdings would suffer at least one attempt on his life .
va	NNS	" What are these marks from , on your neck ? "
va	NN	Did the robot need to shut down or something similar to like how she needed to sleep she wondered ?
va	NN	Charlie 's accusation gnawed at me .
va	NNS	the clones suddenly shouted in unison .
va	NNS	Stalker 's scouts came at a run with what seemed like a thousand Freaks charging behind them .
va	NNS	The gazes of all three dancers veered toward him .
va	NN	The stallion lowered its head , raised its hindquarters into the air , and kicked out with a powerful blow .
va	NN	Instead , a beep sounded .
va	NNS	Tingling ribbons of excitement wove between them .
va	NNS	Tears cascaded down her face .
va	NN	The owner is available to answer questions .
va	NN	The chain also holds nine glass rosary beads , one for each of the old saints and every one of them filled with poison .
va	NN	A gust of wind pushed the snowmobile forward , and heavy rain drenched him .
va	NNS	Cronus put his arm around his shoulders and pulled him against the plush arm of the chair .
va	NN	The latter made her so happy she never mentioned their telephone conversation .
va	NN	Raven sank to the floor , drew up her knees , and huddled there , rocking .
va	NN	She was in a wine cellar , bare and clean , a single huge rune scrawled on the stone floor .
va	NNS	Parents almost always seem willing to believe other people are as fascinated with their children as they are .
va	NNS	The doctors explained that it could take a while for the drugs to wash out of her system .
va	NNS	Men scurried and the women banded together .
va	NN	A bucket of cold water would have done less damage to my already pounding blood .
va	NNS	The beasts were howling .
va	NN	Nervous anticipation fluttered in his stomach .
va	NN	Failure to comply would result in my death , and my mom 's .
va	NNS	" What did the doctors have to say ? "
va	NNS	Tears came unbidden to her eyes , and the shame of them , in front of so many , made her want to cry harder .
va	NN	Confusion spreads across his face .
va	NN	There 's a new curse . "
va	NNS	Gage frowns at me like he can 't believe what an unbelievable moron I 'm being .
va	NN	Although I know it 's an empty threat made only in jest , a shiver of panic works its way through me .
va	NN	Our recent freedom had been delicious .
va	NN	And her allure ratcheted up several notches .
va	NN	" Somebody get Metis ! "
va	NNS	The injections were too much especially for Zoey .
va	NNS	" Do unicorns have whiskers ? "
va	NN	Then some inner struggle resolved itself .
va	NN	" And because of the unshaken ideals of justice and peace that the great empire stood for .
va	NN	Next , the opponent threw a right , but Payton weaved to the left , and hit the opponent 's liver with a left hook .
va	NNS	Cronus nodded and walked into the lab .
va	NN	" There was a rumor that Alistair had a cure made for himself .
va	NN	If you didn 't need health insurance , the cost of health care would go down .
va	NNS	The carpets were dirty but intact .
va	NNS	Cass wore some caftan of purple and gold thread with plumes of ostrich feathers forming a fan behind her thick black curls .
va	NNS	The hostess was handing the keys of the rooms .
va	NNS	Then as the battle begins she rides at the front of her troops leading them right into the battle .
va	NNS	During the day , the ashes in the fireplace bother me , but I can 't tell you why .
va	NN	The facility was still full of wounded crew from when the relativistic projectiles had torn through the hull like so much sea foam .
va	NNS	A couple Reboots stared at me .
va	NN	His gut began to get uneasy .
va	NN	The children are playing , their shrill cries of mock terror are a little too loud for me , as I have warned them many times .
va	NNS	Wolves are edgy animals . "
va	NN	The invitation to join us is always open . "
va	NNS	Tears flooded my eyes .
va	NN	He didn 't hesitate , his hand enveloping hers .
va	NN	Inch by inch , her sheath gave way and her muscle relaxed to let him enter .
va	NN	When he spoke , spittle dropped from his mouth and landed just under my eye .
va	NN	" Continuing a Russian research program started back in the forties .
va	NNS	" Yeah , your folks always found someone to erase it from your memory , though .
va	NNS	Fergus demanded , elbowing Tavis out of the way so that he could glare at the maid .
va	NNS	Said that they were needed in case the beasts ever came for all of us . '
va	NN	Fury always talks more to you than he does me . "
va	NNS	Dozens of bodies were lying in a line , covered with yellow , wool blankets .
va	NNS	Rolling dunes and hills , devoid of vegetation , surrounded her , rising in all directions as if they were in the bottom a basin .
va	NN	At the forefront of all her anguish was Ash .
va	NN	The prospect of taking my shirt off in front of him both thrills me and terrifies me .
va	NN	In the background , Meredith and Byron 's toddler , Lola , was wailing .
va	NNS	Without another word , the officers left .
va	NN	Every worker turned around and cheered the President .
va	NNS	The guitars , drums , and other instruments were before him , silent , still , but he could hear them in his mind .
va	NN	The silver picture frame fell to the floor .
va	NN	The terror I felt earlier has finally passed , and in its absence , my mind begins to wander .
va	NN	The tower wouldn 't accept her phone .
va	NNS	His job duties with Rutherford Acquisitions involved taking charge and reorganizing the acquired company for the purpose of making it attractive to buyers .
va	NNS	Black carriages line the street , and two of Prospero 's soldiers load crates and barrels into the steam carriage directly in front of the Akkadian Towers .
va	NN	The suspicion in her mind cleared at once .
va	NNS	Nikolas caught me by the wrist , halting my progress .
va	NN	The series of sequential events played out so well for you , not me .
va	NN	No armor and nothing to block the attacks of the vicious beast .
va	NN	His c * ck hung heavily between his legs , making her tummy flutter in anticipation .
va	NNS	A house , office or bunker hundreds of feet under the ground , Eden got them .
va	NNS	Tears streamed down his face .
va	NN	The scrape on my hip bled onto my underwear .
va	NN	" Somebody always ends up puking ! "
va	NN	Her fantasy , he reminded himself .
va	NNS	His thighs were strong and powerful , his abdomen flat and tight , with an interesting but clear delineation between it and his hip bones .
va	NN	Even the most well-designed technology fails after a few years as your body attacks and rejects it .
va	NNS	Tears were in his eyes .
va	NNS	Dire deeds awake , dark is it eastward .
va	NNS	Men fought the wars and the women had and raised the children . "
va	NNS	The short sundress she was wearing hugged her curves more than I would have preferred .
va	NNS	Moments later Sarah welcomed her into her home .
va	NNS	As Paul and Lars walked up to the raised stage , the seated delegates all began talking amongst themselves .
va	NN	The pop as he released it made me jump , the satisfying rush of endorphins making the night that much better .
va	NN	Ordinarily , Raven avoided public places as much as possible , preferring not to have to worry about shielding herself from unwanted emotions .
va	NN	The sheriff 's department stated , that during their investigation , they also found the buried remains of three males and one female at the property .
va	NNS	Someone coughed and several voices hushed him .
va	NN	" The Queen didn 't say I was Immortal . "
va	NN	A figure appeared , skeletal , faceless , his head an opened , bloody wound .
va	NNS	As the anticipation of what we were about to do melted away , an overwhelming awkwardness replaced it .
va	NNS	Two maids were shuffling about , busy filling a large white tub with steaming hot water .
va	NN	Fury flashed across her father 's face .
va	NNS	Tears are steaming down our cheeks and there are temporary laugh lines around our mouths .
va	NNS	The other tombs were much the same , only in not quite such good repair .
va	NN	Its bright and lovely existence was hope incarnate .
va	NN	The violence in this story is the most explicit of anything I have written .
va	NNS	No mobile phones , no makeup and no wearing of clothes with someone else 's name emblazoned on them .
va	NN	The buzzing of the crowd intensified and several people looked towards Amy .
va	NNS	Discreet booths overhung with black rococo curtains afforded privacy to those that needed it , although the muted lighting provided enough of that as it was .
va	NNS	The tattoos were in an intricate pattern that Selena instantly recognized as some system of lettering .
va	NN	... a difficult task , " Angel said .
va	NNS	The two vans rose higher and higher as the road inclined , the bridge spans rushing past them .
va	NN	A jolt of pain shot from the wound , causing Robinson 's vision to sway like the candle and shadows .
va	NN	Her saddle was on his back and soon he would be carrying her weight .
va	NNS	Bones called five more times in the next twenty minutes .
va	NN	Her pussy felt so wet and tight and I felt myself drowning in her body as we moved together as one .
va	NNS	Nikolas smacked at a small squirrel biting his shoe .
va	NNS	As Aunt Betty had said , three hundred dollars wasn 't that much money anymore .
va	NN	The stress of the job was getting too much for her , and she didn 't even recognise her own stepdaughter .
va	NN	A tiny gray patch appeared on the pillow .
va	NNS	Tears dropped from his eyes and he looked at us .
va	NN	The spray felt cool up and down his back .
va	NNS	Maybe numbers would speak louder than her daddy would .
va	NNS	Her hands came up between the hard press of his body against hers , her palms flattened across his sternum .
va	NNS	" Four thousand dollars , " Marlo said .
va	NNS	Sykes was the only other man standing .
va	NNS	Men , in contrast , grunted , as with McComas ; they resorted , as in his case , to an ugly chuckle .
va	NN	The surge of rage , of the need for violent action , swirled to the surface .
va	NN	That brother-in-law of yours is a bit too dangerous for me to feel comfortable walking onto the property again . "
va	NNS	Oh good grief , get the hormones under control , it 's funnel cake , not your wedding cake .
va	NN	The price tag said # 4.99 .
va	NN	Julian 's temper flared and fueled him with confidence .
va	NN	The contemporary culture , they are born in and brought up , usually decides the benchmarks of utility and worth for all pursuits of their lives .
va	NN	My gut clenched in dread .
va	NNS	There were probably about one hundred scars on the upper part of my arm .
va	NN	The next major obstacle is Marth Crater .
va	NNS	As Cory wrapped his gloves around it , the two players collided .
va	NNS	There were bright copper pans hanging from hooks and sofas and armchairs and a fireplace big enough to live in and a huge old-fashioned range .
va	NNS	My protectors had departed and had broken the only link that held me to the world .
va	NNS	All the famous fishermen came here for the marlin tournaments .
va	NNS	Agnes called Miriam over , much to Dreamer 's surprise .
va	NN	There was no structure to the layout .
va	NNS	Huge sweat stains darken his shirt and bugs buzz around him incessantly , but he doesn 't seem to notice .
va	NNS	The dogs alerted to someone walking up to the door .
va	NNS	" Some relationships end with feelings like that , but they rarely begin with them . "
va	NNS	Amusement parks had always excited Paige , but before tonight they had never aroused her .
va	NN	The carriage rolled to a stop .
va	NN	The scope gave him a good view of east Tucson without having to go down into town and risk his ass .
va	NN	" No , mama rarely goes out of the house nowadays because her lungs weakened thanks to her constant smoking . "
va	NNS	Your folks would never forgive me if you didn 't make it home . "
va	NNS	His sadness she saw in his eyes wasn 't leaving .
va	NN	A monumental jump portal flashes and sparks into existence .
va	NNS	Small pots of fake cacti decorate every table and bottles of tequila are splayed in racks all over the walls ; each one matted with cobwebs .
va	NNS	Her breasts are like mounds of chicken fat .
va	NN	The Baker Hotel 's twenty-four hour telegraph service was in top form .
va	NN	Mike 's attitude reminded her of when they were little and belonged to the Hollis outdoor pool .
va	NNS	" Just try not to wake the neighbors , baby . "
va	NN	" What if we sent ambassadors to ... " the Queen began , but Aisling put up a hand .
va	NNS	The coiling tendrils were the colors of midnight and blood and steel .
va	NNS	The watcher balloons will be there for a while but Enforce have gone . '
va	NN	The nickname had driven her crazy for some reason .
va	NNS	There were some digitized artifacts on the site , but not many .
va	NN	Fear rushed through Olivia 's body as her head began to ache and her vision became blurry .
va	NNS	Now that sadness shines through you as if it has also touched your soul .
va	NNS	That woman 's rudeness hadn 't been easy to tolerate .
va	NNS	" The new owners of the company have increased their demands , and we have to find some way of hurrying the new harvest . "
va	NNS	Recent events have inspired me to take additional precautions .
va	NNS	Your options are pretty wide . "
va	NN	An overhead slash bounces off his crossed gauntlets before instantly spinning three hundred sixty degrees , knocking his arms apart .
va	NN	My roommate was a hostess at a swanky restaurant downtown , a position she frequently used as an excuse for overspending her clothing budget .
va	NNS	But why would two teenagers start randomly digging in a cellar ?
va	NN	The manager was still looking at them with widened eyes .
va	NNS	Several lords and elders waited for us at the gate to bring us through the city .
va	NN	Anything else is a major complication , and you have enough of those at home , Quinn . "
va	NN	A shark got her .
va	NNS	The legal partners were suddenly coughing and making a jolly sport out of studying the polished tips of their shoes .
va	NN	Nash 's first task this morning was to promote Bill Manfredi , from associate to junior partner .
va	NNS	The cubs , on their part , felt the liveliest interest in the hairless goblin which had appeared among them .
va	NNS	The first night , hundreds of black cats had prowled around the house , mouths open but silent , watching intently .
va	NNS	The blackness in some people must mean something besides evil and I would have to be careful .
va	NNS	At the far end of the bridge , several television news vans had already begun to set up .
va	NNS	" The employees will be the first ones to get the antidote .
va	NN	My anxiety was still in the red zone .
va	NNS	But the One Beneath had seen Nadia .
va	NNS	" Your duties shouldn 't be too bad .
va	NNS	My files were in disarray .
va	NNS	" This is getting weird , why are these kinds of things getting into my head ? "
va	NN	Any holiday or world event would do as an excuse for a themed gathering .
va	NN	A hedge bordered the entire garden .
va	NNS	The islands are a great place to visit , but you really don 't want to live there .
va	NN	Then a fox darts out from under a bush and pelts away from the undead beast .
va	NN	" This is what I want , honey , more , come for me .
va	NN	This kingdom lies near the Yew Land , however . "
va	NNS	Already agents were probably tracking the vehicle .
va	NN	The scenery that humans liked to see was that reflecting ' Human Industry . '
va	NN	a salesman greeted her .
va	NNS	" What are those tubes for ?
va	NNS	Our photographers take pictures of them and glue them to our temple walls .
va	NN	Dust swirled around my heels as I walked .
va	NNS	' Haan , Suman , ' Jyoti didi responded .
va	NN	So well went the journey , that the harbour at Singapore appeared quite suddenly , as did embarkation on a troop train heading north in to Malaya .
va	NNS	All kinds of things could 've gone wrong .
va	NN	The selection was completely random , but what came next wasn 't .
va	NNS	" My choices are my own .
va	NNS	Deconstruction and other postmodern theories followed existentialism and phenomenology on the continent , whereas the Americans , Britons , and Australians worked in the analytic tradition .
va	NN	The god took a breath and flexed his hands .
va	NNS	Tavis blew out a silent whistle at the suggestion , then nudged Cullen .
va	NNS	As if our gifts were not only normal , but good .
va	NN	" Anything , man , so long as it 's legal ! "
va	NNS	My partners at The Last Stand won 't rest until they track you down and put you in jail .
va	NN	At the sound of the front door slamming shut he immediately realized that he was alone again with her .
va	NN	" Sorry , " the reporter mouthed as he fumbled through his jacket pocket .
va	NNS	Atticus always had a smile on his face when talking to strangers .
va	NNS	Tears flowed down her cheeks .
va	NNS	The coloured lanterns on the legs of the beasts dimmed while the lights from the jaws grew brighter .
va	NN	The homicidal confession didn 't surprise her .
va	NN	Ahead , a cement mixer churned gray mortar into a steel trough as a helmeted worker monitored the progress .
va	NNS	Below them , hundreds of seething rats called out curses and leaped as high as they were able .
va	NN	There were only a handful of vampires who could claim to be older than Shane .
va	NN	How ' bout a macho approach .
va	NN	The wizard patted him on the shoulder .
va	NNS	Matthias paused , blinking behind his large glasses .
va	NNS	Tears threatened to well up in my eyes .
va	NNS	" There are good transit connections to the university for one thing and the area 's nice . "
va	NNS	The remnants of three larger tree stumps still stuck out of the ground .
va	NNS	The knots started twisting more .
va	NN	Met some deep , consuming need .
va	NNS	Knox stares intently at my lips .
va	NNS	Men have their arms around women , and children arc playing .
va	NNS	Agnes turned away from her .
va	NNS	As you heard , the male house slaves ran off . "
va	NNS	My brain aches so badly I can hardly think straight , much less process my emotions .
va	NN	His armor was pure gold with silver on the sharp edges and black deep inside .
va	NNS	Then his golden , spiky lashes swept down , veiling his thoughts .
va	NNS	Rhys brought her body to me .
va	NN	The motorcycle rocketed down the blacktop toward the stands .
va	NN	" Anything to help the sick , I 'll be there . "
va	NN	Fear rose on a breath of cold air .
va	NN	The youth boys all get the night off .
va	NN	Fear turned to excitement , excitement to arousal .
va	NNS	Well , well , well , the surprises just kept coming and coming tonight , and my eyebrows shot up once again .
va	NN	The irony hit me .
va	NNS	Their empty chairs were a painful reminder of the old days when I sat all by my little lonesome .
va	NN	The motor was still running , pushing against them , wedging it in tighter .
va	NN	" Anything is possible .
va	NNS	Her breasts pressed against his eyelids , which ruined him again .
va	NN	" Amateur psychologist , now , are we ? "
va	NNS	The crowds were going out of control .
va	NN	Our hot item this week is crocks painted with cows on them .
va	NN	An ambulance comes wailing past , knocking me out of my black thoughts .
va	NN	The friendly gesture threw him for a moment .
va	NNS	The cocktail conversations returned to their former tempo .
va	NNS	The hunters could take care of themselves , if any were left .
va	NNS	' My officers at three of our Containment pens had three visitors who claimed they were businessmen who had been kidnapped and threatened earlier that evening .
va	NN	The cheering now was full-throated , if not entirely joyful , and Laurence shook Riley 's hand to conclude the matter .
va	NNS	Then unexpected dinner guests , and now a dress picked out for me .
va	NNS	the articulate robots cried .
va	NNS	The woman 's many scarves and colorful robes wafted in the slight breeze .
va	NN	Our procession of vehicles slows down almost to a crawl .
va	NN	As he said it , another huge gust of forceful wind knocked me off my feet a little and the thunder growled again , only closer now .
va	NNS	Tears raced down Rif 's cheeks .
va	NN	Only devotion and quiet acceptance .
va	NNS	Within moments the pages were on their way to her attorney .
va	NN	Dan ' r left the sword in him , moved on .
va	NNS	Most gargoyles hunted and fed at intervals .
va	NNS	The tables were close together , and the seats were damned uncomfortable .
va	NNS	' No tanks or heavy equipment like artillery ? '
va	NNS	The shops stayed open on Saturday night , and it was only eight thirty .
va	NN	The airline had a flight leaving at seven in the morning , so I packed my bags and phoned a taxi .
va	NNS	Seconds ticked by , but Kylie didn 't move .
va	NNS	His short , crisp hairs teased her fingers as she found what she sought .
va	NN	His skill with the sword was graceful and controlled .
va	NN	The canteen could not have fallen on its own .
va	NN	His Majesty returned his attention to Yves .
va	NNS	Both events were significant .
va	NNS	Our numbers were already small enough and I couldn 't let them become even smaller simply because I was afraid .
va	NN	The virus destroys their humanity , leaving behind pure wickedness .
va	NN	The modern pharmaceutical industry cares not whether it does good or harm just so that its makes a huge profit .
va	NNS	" These boxes can go back to the attic . "
va	NN	A surge of protectiveness built and overflowed .
va	NN	A series of foul language dripped from his lips .
va	NNS	For there is utter sadness , there utter loneliness .
va	NN	Felix 's cruelty and licentiousness , coupled with his accessibility to bribes , led to a great increase of crime in Judaea .
va	NN	But weather in Wyoming was unpredictable at the best of times , as she already knew .
va	NN	The complex consisted of a cluster of buildings joined by crumbling walkways .
va	NNS	There were souls I knew among those the hordes .
va	NN	For hours , even Dan ' r was in high spirits , smiling , talking with the children , even laughing once or twice .
va	NN	Nodding , their waitress beamed again and rushed off .
va	NNS	Usually their arguments went the other way around .
va	NN	" Sixty , and your room cleaned , " the clerk whined .
va	NN	And the mage was dangerous as well .
va	NN	Her Yorkshire Terrier puppy barked happily as she petted her .
va	NNS	Their natural wooden surfaces were beautiful , as were the booths he 'd fashioned to fit along the length of one interior wall .
va	NNS	Her palms went to my chest , and she pushed away , though not hard , as though her heart wasn 't in it .
va	NNS	Since I was alone most of the time , my conversations with myself had never been a problem .
va	NNS	Those three remaining sites are Independence Hall in Philadelphia , Thomas Jefferson 's Monticello and University of Virginia and France 's Statue of Liberty .
va	NN	A shiver of fright rippled through her when to her right she saw the burglar alarm console flashing .
va	NN	" You 're too slow , " snapped the shaman .
va	NNS	My uncles shuffle away .
va	NNS	" The uncles have lied about many things over the years .
va	NNS	The citizens of Germany are as much our brothers and sisters as the very people of this city .
va	NNS	Tears start to fall from my eyes as I grasp the entire situation of what I 'm about to do .
va	NN	Her face contorted and a hot cry burst from her lips .
va	NN	The curse was a particularly nasty one that Kata had never used before .
va	NN	No , the only solution is to sell it . "
va	NNS	Men donned short , colorful vests and put fresh feathers in their well-worn forester caps .
va	NNS	Men have called my people by many names -- ghoul , demon .
va	NN	First , though , the royal messenger hastened to appear before the king .
va	NN	The president also laughed .
va	NN	A ray of sunlight burst through the thick cloud cover and shone directly on her .
va	NNS	" Our shared morals and values will guide my hand at all times .
va	NNS	Phenomenal crowds nearly overwhelm my security detail .
va	NN	The fort that Jeff had seen from the ship was an imposing structure with high stone walls that came right to the water 's edge .
va	NNS	The very fragments are rare ; they are often set in panels , and highly prized .
va	NNS	The snakes are all asleep -- too frozen to bite anyone ! "
va	NNS	" The Ancient Greeks did it before ' em .
va	NNS	His extensive injuries and being expelled from school were bad , but the worst thing for him must have been getting kicked off the football team .
va	NNS	Tears clouded my eyes as I looked down .
va	NN	A surge of anger shot through her .
va	NNS	The medics walk into the house as I kneel by his head and stroke his hair .
va	NNS	Bones really belong in the earth .
va	NN	A category of their own you might say .
va	NN	Darkness was flooding my vision .
va	NNS	Dios took a deep breath .
va	NN	The bandit who has been chasing me rushes forward from behind a thick tree , right toward Sergei .
va	NN	The perspective was from the far end of the parking lot .
va	NNS	His intense loneliness and desire to be at her side consumed him when he was without her .
va	NNS	" But wouldn 't PODS have spotted any brine ice pockets when it did its density scans ?
va	NN	As soon as she took his right hand in hers , an enormous current went through his arm , across his heart and into his groin .
va	NNS	Most folks lived in the now , dedicating none of their time to learning from the greatest literary scholars our past had to offer .
va	NN	Here there was an eclectic mix of up-and-coming professionals , hippies , art culture types , and others that made the area pulse with creative energy .
va	NN	Each repeated kick sent the blackness back the way it 'd come .
va	NN	The figurine would not budge .
va	NNS	The one Jeremy referred to as a pet bird kept glancing at them and then quickly looking away .
va	NN	Where is your decency ?
va	NNS	There were two distinct sets of footprints , one huge and the other smaller .
va	NNS	Two basketball players high-fived .
va	NNS	Rhys settled himself more firmly around my waist , tucking me close , leaving just enough room for Frost 's arm to slide back across my shoulders .
va	NN	" This goddamn trial is ruining our lives . "
va	NN	The rising bulge behind his fly rewarded her bravery .
va	NNS	The crucifix was made of cut glass , the beads carved from what I suspected was bone .
va	NN	For a minute , the operative felt a small pang of regret , seeing the sadness on Tessa 's face .
va	NN	The rum made me warm and relaxed , and hearing Katie 's laughter made everything even better .
va	NNS	" There are hundreds of symbols .
va	NNS	There are all sorts of people in the streets .
va	NNS	My heart pounds faster .
va	NNS	The eyelashes were quite scary , and she was wearing enough perfume to strip paint .
va	NN	His headache of this morning had completely gone .
va	NNS	Yes , clay tablets covered with nothing but tiny stick figures for persons , trees , animals .
va	NNS	The numbers rolled up to 340 , 342 , and finally 344 .
va	NNS	Yours are just harder battles , closer to the surface .
va	NN	" The court has decided to let you off with an easy sentence . "
va	NN	Across the road is an abandoned plot of land in the middle of a row of terraced buildings .
va	NN	Fear and frustration collided head-on inside him .
va	NN	Micky 's punch hit home , and he stepped back as the boy crumpled .
va	NNS	" The phony SSS agents came in right on cue . "
va	NNS	Most moon dwellers at least had the common sense to strap a rocket to them , as opposed to strapping themselves to rockets .
va	NN	If nothing else , the oddity of the artifact intrigued her .
va	NN	The vase shattered into a million pieces , and the two brothers were overcome with pain , their minds becoming lost .
va	NN	There is only one real witch in the family , and that is Nadiya . "
va	NN	The pier is empty , save for a little girl with blonde hair and a white dress .
va	NNS	Her eyelashes fluttered , blue eyes meeting his , startled and unsure .
va	NNS	It was the shirt I 'd made her , dark purple with a flaming heart painted in silver .
va	NN	In the distance , a gang of youths walked down the main boulevard , laughing wildly and calling out insults and chants .
va	NNS	13 Cooper and I had to get up at the crack of dawn this morning because we have a game this afternoon .
va	NN	Her coloring had something to do with it ; but it was more than that , far more , and he was concerned .
va	NN	Your girlfriend 's - " he grimaced " - family has reservations about hopping on a private jet and flying cross country .
va	NN	A pang of regret washed over me as I remembered my beloved old bag and how it had gotten me through my last overseas trip .
va	NN	" All rise , " the bailiff said , " This court is now in session , the Honorable Judge Francis Reinhold presiding . "
va	NNS	" Where are the ships which have been promised ?
va	NNS	The blackness before him then stumbled under the force of a side kick to the stomach .
va	NN	The manor would fill quickly now .
va	NN	The current was strong but he stayed close to the bank , maneuvering in the reeds and brush and rock .
va	NNS	Her long lashes fluttered , and the cloudiness vanished , leaving glittering emeralds behind , flawless and mysterious .
va	NNS	The guests seem to appreciate it when you treat them like family . "
va	NNS	Iron cables unfurled from my back and shoulders , spreading around me like glittering wings .
va	NNS	There are several options .
va	NN	Miss Wilkinson 's embrace eased and he looked up to her face seeing tears of her own .
va	NNS	Her dog started sniffing the edge of his towel suspiciously , all seventy pounds of pooch tensed , hackles rising along the canine 's spine .
va	NNS	The boats are killer , and they can run the quarter mile at over two hundred miles per hour in about four seconds .
va	NN	A stream of unintelligible words that sounded German poured from her antagonist , and Eve wrenched free to face him .
va	NN	A tsunami of condemnation whipped through her gaze , forcing me to take a breath .
va	NNS	The birds flew off , still twirling with each other .
va	NN	" The butler can 't hear a word that isn 't roared into his ear and the footman walks into doors and into the butler !
va	NN	His assistant 's the one who was arrested just before Christmas . "
va	NNS	The crowds of people began to mutter in evident alarm , and some people even cried out in panic .
va	NN	Every muscle , bone and joint ached .
va	NNS	Men were yelling on both ships as they struggled to separate themselves .
va	NN	The owner had been interviewing him in order to write about him and had taken photographs .
va	NN	The preacher talked about all the casualties in the war and it made me sad .
va	NN	" And a prayer for James , " said Felix lastly .
va	NN	His whip flailed angrily , desperately .
va	NNS	The three beats of silence nearly killed me .
va	NNS	Rhys didn 't turn his back on her , but moved sort of sideways toward us .
va	NNS	Otherwise , his superiors will - " " I understand .
va	NNS	Chives turned to the Viscount .
va	NNS	The slices of meat are oily inside and charred black on the surface .
va	NN	The bandit smirked as he said , " Guess you weren 't lying about that one . "
va	NN	" Not even a butterfly tattoo and no piercings except for my ears . "
va	NN	This bloke knows about Elspeth , and he knows about Harding , right ? "
va	NN	" What is the price of accepting the offer ? "
va	NNS	No electoral votes , as I recall , " mutters Hillary .
va	NNS	Have the bandits hit any villages near here ? '
va	NNS	The expenses added up fast .
va	NN	" Return to your vehicle , " said a stiff voice through a megaphone .
va	NNS	But sometimes , wonderful , sweet and even incredibly sexy gifts are hard to accept . "
va	NNS	Spirits came from the walls to attack the workers and it was determined Lexie was the attraction or cause .
va	NNS	Bones ignored them , though they could to be as noisy and bothersome as the tourists .
va	NN	There was an apprentice uniform that was composed of a white dress shirt , a black vest , slacks , and a pair of black dress shoes .
va	NNS	The sadness in Devon 's voice belied his casual words .
va	NN	There isn 't even anybody I want to marry around here .
va	NNS	The last remnants of his orgasm coated my core , keeping me constantly wet .
va	NN	" My trade with Hunter cannot wait .
va	NNS	The implications for U.S. security were devastating .
va	NN	A master cook was shouting at an assistant and at a waiter .
va	NNS	These patterns of behavior were a major hindrance to his true potential and genius . "
va	NN	" Good evening Mrs. Jones , " everybody greeted her from the table .
va	NN	" Guilty as charged . "
va	NN	A muscle twitched in Manuel 's jaw , and Preston prayed to God Max wouldn 't come running down the hall .
va	NN	The stream of discontented patrons had come to a halt as everyone turned to stare at the large LCD screen above the building .
va	NNS	Those bastards haven 't got the capability to jam us .
va	NNS	Men like him didn 't usually have kids and the ones who did would never be father of the year .
va	NNS	The points against his throat let up once again , but the knife to the back of the ear remained where it was .
va	NNS	There were real cave entrances below the mural , leading to other parts of the miniature golf range .
va	NN	" The matches will be the same as any other .
va	NNS	The plates of the monitor fitted seamlessly together so there wasn 't any way he could try and prise them apart .
va	NN	Gabe 's low snarl frightened even me .
va	NNS	Tears streaked her face , cold in the night air .
va	NN	Every muscle in his strong arms twitches .
va	NN	There is another knock and I climb from the bed , only just now remembering that I am still fully dressed , as I answer the door .
va	NN	The title drew his attention .
va	NNS	The gods told me you were meant to help me on two quests . "
va	NNS	" All kinds of questions about the final challenge .
va	NN	Her anxiety reached the child inside .
va	NN	When it was finally determined that Wacker had signed Dockery off waivers , back in October , the owner fired him .
va	NN	A fugitive really shouldn 't draw attention to himself . '
va	NN	The block chain serves to confirm transactions to the rest of the network as having taken place .
va	NNS	The thick lenses gave his eyes an unpleasant , faceted look .
va	NN	The midwife had opened a window and let in a cool breeze from the snow that was falling outside .
va	NN	" The tiger can run fifty miles per hour . "
va	NN	Her gut knotted with nerves .
va	NNS	" Why are fallen angels letting Dante lead you ? "
va	NNS	All three sets were see-through lace , one red , one black and one white .
va	NNS	Eris glanced down into the crystalline waters of the proud structure and felt a twinge of sorrow .
va	NN	The cabbie clutched the steering wheel while I pushed against the back of the seat in front of me .
va	NN	The solution was a small garden full of plants that thrived in the shade .
va	NNS	Tears of relief came to my eyes with his presence .
va	NNS	The hostess lit up when she spotted Justin .
va	NNS	But what did your sacrifices ever gain you , or the kingdom ?
va	NN	the man bellowed , following Randolph 's gaze to where it was now focused on the floor .
va	NN	Next , our Romanian rip-off queen went into the back room and returned carrying a tray with three large , white teacup and saucer sets on it .
va	NNS	There are some interesting marks there . "
va	NN	The greenish ointment Gretel had smeared on the cut had minimized the pain , but the arm still felt stiff and wooden .
va	NN	My nervous twitching and talking begins to calm as my brain slows and begins to work again .
va	NNS	The thrusters began to push the heavy ship into the center of the path so that the transmission they were about to send wouldn 't arouse suspicion .
va	NN	" Your shrink buddy knew all of this ? "
va	NN	Dane begins to explain the plan to Geoff and shows him the map with the location of the dingoes .
va	NN	The latch hadn 't engaged .
va	NNS	There 's all kinds of radiation or something . "
va	NN	A strong gust cleared the air for a moment .
va	NNS	Decent jobs one day reserved for whites were now being handed to men of color .
va	NNS	One flip would have been plenty .
va	NNS	The archers had readied their bows now .
va	NNS	My folks still live there . "
va	NNS	Months passed like this : the endless hunt for supplies occupied every second of each day .
va	NN	Any resemblance to real people , living or dead or otherwise , is purely coincidental .
va	NNS	" Guys , this is Vanessa . "
va	NN	The reprieve lasted seconds .
va	NNS	Her irises were the colour of autumn rust and her hair was winter grey , threaded with stains of old blood .
va	NN	8 % will eventually kill you .
va	NN	His outburst had weakened him .
va	NN	His abs knotted up in the same way .
va	NN	" The sooner , the better , " he told her , and he started off toward her front door .
va	NN	There is a bust , of St. Denis , displayed in the downtown area along Front Street .
va	NNS	Her breasts were aching and swollen with need and her hunger was rising sharply .
va	NN	" Skinny metal tool , " I repeat in my head .
va	NNS	The shops were already abuzz with customers coming in and out , the merchants boasting of the best prices .
va	NN	Darkness let me be .
va	NNS	The headlights lit up the weeds , still whipping , bugs flying up from the impact .
va	NN	The black steel security fence seemed intimidating as they pulled into the parking lot .
va	NNS	Without the sensation of pain the patients would start chewing on their hands and arms , and once they got the taste of blood they changed .
va	NNS	There were ominous cracks in the ceiling .
va	NN	Its privacy and elegance made for a more dignified walk of shame , at least .
va	NNS	There were male survivors that escaped .
va	NN	Her sweet old lady facade splintered as she spoke , more venom spewing from between the cracks as she talked .
va	NNS	The pruning shears are in the garage . "
va	NNS	The hormones from this pregnancy are wreaking havoc with my emotions .
va	NNS	The balls fell to the ground .
va	NN	Once whetted , her vengeance sought a new target .
va	NNS	Leaves danced around us as we flipped the canoe upright and set it into the water .
va	NNS	The top Chinese officials committed suicide rather than face shame at having lost their foothold in North America .
va	NNS	Wolf Eyes answered , " The way it feels when something very good has happened to you .
va	NNS	There were three photographs of Allison going about her business .
va	NNS	The wires were like a heap of spaghetti now .
va	NNS	By now my loneliness had spread from the rims of my toes to the tips of my ears .
va	NN	In the noise , the chimes were nearly inaudible .
va	NNS	Well , even on the human level , you know , there are two kinds of pretending .
va	NN	The confession came out in a little rush .
va	NNS	The steel cuffs had cut into them , adding to my suffering .
va	NN	When everything quit moving , the lean , middle-aged Squire got out of the helicopter and removed his helmet .
va	NNS	There were picnic tables and barbeque pits and trash bins that were caged up so the wildlife wouldn 't raid them .
va	NN	A blast to my back destroyed all hope of taking the upper hand , however .
va	NNS	Not once did the souls comment .
va	NNS	His fellow officers , thoroughly imbued with the philosophy of mobile warfare , shared many a private joke at his expense .
va	NN	The necklace belonged to one Mrs. Jennings , a widowed friend of Ainsley 's brother .
va	NN	Catching up the dark glasses , Raven slipped out of her room and moved noiselessly down the hall .
va	NN	But before long the fog began to fade , and the four felt naked to all sight .
va	NNS	What are the Bay Area cops going to do ?
va	NNS	His sparse furnishings kind of reminded her a lot of IKEA .
va	NN	The director entered her trailer swinging the door wide open barking orders to those around her .
va	NNS	Faint explosions from above punctuated the end of his statement .
va	NNS	" Guys , please . "
va	NNS	Eyes that were happy and full of life .
va	NNS	The authors have taken great liberties with locales including the creation of fictional towns ( and islands ! )
va	NN	That strain wasn 't good for the child she carried , which meant it was his duty to do what he could to rid her of it .
va	NNS	A hundred pounds heavier , and taller than my knees .
va	NN	Taken aback by the harsh greeting , the butler recoiled .
va	NNS	Every year , hundreds of people disappear without a trace , never to be heard from or seen again .
va	NNS	Those relationships , albeit short , had boosted her depleted ego .
va	NN	Small Talk walks right up to me , places the cannon against my chest and pulls the trigger .
va	NN	That statement , she reflected ironically , was true .
va	NNS	" Not all battles involve fighting . "
va	NN	The bread and butter is where life 's fiercest and deadliest battles are fought .
va	NN	The Age of the Child depends on this war , the land needs renewal and your people need a rebirth , an enlightenment period . "
va	NNS	However , there are also laws we 're all supposed to follow .
va	NN	In 1800 everybody had other things on their minds .
va	NN	My seat belt was stuck , as usual , and I tugged on it .
va	NN	The radio plays in our quiet drive and plays an expected awkward song .
va	NNS	Training courses are hard to come by these days . "
va	NNS	His irises glittered fiercely .
va	NNS	There were no shelves filled with books and statues on this floor .
va	NN	The homeless man 's unexplained disappearance shifted her fear of him to a more general and gripping fear of the unknown .
va	NN	" Anything interesting happen here while I was gone ? "
va	NN	Dane whispers , " Don 't anybody move . "
va	NN	A sharp sizzle of lust coursed through my veins .
va	NNS	My intentions are purely selfish and if I feel I 'm in danger then first and foremost my decisions will be to save my own skin .
va	NN	The dam collapsed , and all the pain and guilt I had carried with me from Montana came gushing out .
va	NNS	Cass shook the character sheet , insisting that Lodge accept it .
va	NN	His cavalier attitude was completely unexpected .
va	NN	Thunder 's mighty rumble shook the sky and the ground beneath us .
va	NN	The designer is a high priest at her altar , striving to interpret the ineffable .
va	NN	" Somebody 's getting to my bulls .
va	NNS	There were booths where you threw rings and darts and shot pellet pistols to win prizes .
va	NN	The stable was where the man had said it would be .
va	NNS	This craziness nearly always caused his senses to spin into overload .
va	NN	When Ivy 's hand touches my arm lightly , the current that runs through me jerks me back around to face her .
va	NNS	Perhaps the gods had pushed us together .
va	NNS	Her giggles were contagious , and I joined in .
va	NNS	The three gods who had already met in the Blue Room were less unlike humanity than the two whom they still awaited .
va	NNS	The bonds weren 't as tight as I 'd expected them to be .
va	NN	She hated forgetting basic facts , like her address , her phone number , people 's names .
va	NNS	The Colonel talks like I can expect a promotion . "
va	NNS	His own breaths came in short gulps and he groaned .
va	NN	" We sleep here tonight , " the gunslinger said .
va	NN	A loud screech echoed through the corridor , the door grating along the floor .
va	NN	Lucas 's quest was to get on that Council .
va	NNS	Tears flowed down her cheeks .
va	NN	" The original owner sold off the stock shortly after his wife died , when he got too old to run the place .
va	NN	A light drizzle splattered onto the pickup 's windshield , quickly becoming larger droplets as the storm progressed .
va	NN	The poison was in the betrayer 's blood . "
va	NNS	The patients wouldn 't be easily accessible to anyone walking in off the street .
va	NN	Beast stops and turns to me .
va	NNS	Tears were rolling down her face .
va	NNS	" Guys , if Em doesn 't want to tell us quite yet , then we need to give her some space . "
va	NNS	More refugees who might be just valuable enough to keep , she figured .
va	NN	The projectile caused no pain and failed to hinder him .
va	NN	The cool spray which preceded it , and the spherical mercurial blobs that wrung free only to plop to the chaos below .
va	NNS	OK , well , these passages , at least the ones I understand , come from that time period ! "
va	NNS	My fragments of memory of being down there had just about slipped away and I was mostly left with curiosity .
va	NNS	Four oars went level without touching the sea .
va	NN	" Dane is there with Isabella and Rebecca .
va	NN	But the Queen said nothing .
va	NNS	Tears began filling her eyes .
va	NN	" So where 's the rave ? "
va	NN	The bleeding had either slowed down or stopped entirely , but the girl 's respiration came in a series of pitiful whistling sounds .
va	NNS	Upside down , the tell-tale stains of rust ran upwards to the bottom now over their heads .
va	NNS	Eyes that were green and intelligent .
va	NN	So did the delicious aroma of fried chicken and mashed potatoes , which brought back surprisingly good childhood memories .
va	NN	A quick examination of the car windows rang them out to be bullet proof .
va	NNS	The small black ships blazed into the direction of Washington City , silver writing placed on them in what what resembled a tribal design .
va	NNS	The ships would fall into a tight tetrahedron , with the Defender IV at the top .
va	NNS	The beasts sought to escape , but next came a flurry of arrows .
va	NN	" Your sire will be back .
va	NNS	The patches of light are slotting into place , but slowly .
va	NN	Any resemblance to persons , living or dead , actual events , locales or organizations is entirely coincidental .
va	NN	Another irony , since he was the one who 'd cheated on her .
va	NNS	There was a sharp hiss .
va	NNS	The kittens stand , walk , and crawl over each other .
va	NNS	Multiple stings erupted on his face , followed by the trickle of warm blood .
va	NN	m waiting 4 u I didn 't get any idea .
va	NN	And when he touched her , his skill blew her mind .
va	NN	" Talk to him , " he said again .
va	NNS	She took the slip of paper from him , numbers scrawled in a list with the team members ' nicknames beside each one .
va	NN	At least there wasn 't any food trash .
va	NNS	Grass had been dried up and become dirt .
va	NN	My staff amulet glowed with intense blue-white swirls of light and a small spurt of water burst out of the well .
va	NN	A manager only takes direction from a supervisor , ensuring that the tasks are accomplished but with no vision behind the orders . "
va	NN	And , inside the vial , a virus waited to be unleashed upon the world .
va	NN	A pang of sympathy struck my chest .
va	NNS	The seeds of all good and bad deeds you had collected in the past are in your life system and those seeds affect your rewards and punishments .
va	NNS	Unfortunately , the same bonds that allowed her to sense Victor 's unwavering love and commitment for her also revealed his heavy sense of duty .
va	NN	The yellow orb of light from her headlamp gleamed off the surface of a puddle .
va	NNS	At once the snarls and rumbling began ; the vampires shifted tensely , fangs exposed , talons curling in anger .
va	NNS	The songs they sing to each other every night are as beautiful as their fur .
va	NNS	Chances were , she didn 't have the money , but that wasn 't unusual .
va	NNS	The very laws he could have invoked to punish Kira kept him from being able to do anything now .
va	NNS	The snowflakes were an inside joke between us .
va	NN	' His breakdown , ' Greer said .
va	NNS	He wove his fingers together and rested them on his chest , the incongruous numbers tattooed across his knuckles meshed .
va	NN	Her Papa just couldn 't understand how she could live in that mess .
va	NN	Now , however , the detail was so much clearer .
va	NN	The fairy stood in patient calmness .
va	NNS	Just like the roses in the garden , there were only three kinds of clothes in the wardrobe .
va	NN	I 'm sure in the stripper industry , respect is hard to come by .
va	NN	The threshold weakened it , and Little Chicago shorted out when the blast hit , or ... " " Or what ? "
va	NN	The library was her favorite sanctuary and she headed right for it .
va	NNS	Merrill 's affections lay elsewhere and nothing Franklin might do could change that .
va	NNS	There were plush couches and chairs and booths in the center with low hanging red lights .
va	NN	A red ray quickly approaching the Earth appeared on the screen .
va	NN	Even with the casual tone in the conversation , her anxiety about what was happening peeked .
va	NNS	Lust killers and thrill killers are just structurally different .
va	NNS	Apartment houses were still going up in all areas , and the influx of people from other areas of China was at its zenith .
va	NNS	When Gene pitched the catalog across the room , its pages flopped and fluttered like the colorful wings of a rain forest bird .
va	NN	At least the radio worked , tuned to an Eighties hit station that played Hungry like the Wolf .
va	NNS	Around her , the twisted roots moved slightly , as if they might be coming alive .
va	NNS	A few wires in my brain began to snap .
va	NNS	" Parents should never do that to their kids . "
va	NN	Perhaps a bit more courtesy and some patience wud serve you well .
va	NNS	The staff robots did all the work while the office holders went to receptions .
va	NN	Her educational background is primarily in medicine ; she received her M.D. from Washington University in St. Louis and has focused on medical research .
va	NN	His c * ck felt so perfect in her hands , filling both hands and spilling over the top of her uppermost fist .
va	NNS	" My sons were my life . "
va	NNS	Gods knew how with all the noise .
va	NN	There 's no furniture except for a bench along the back wall .
va	NN	Eventually , my knack would drain my body of everything it had .
va	NN	That supper was something we talked about for years afterward .
va	NNS	" All ships , this is Admiral Towers .
va	NNS	The ships were its lively hood .
va	NNS	Several Resistance fighter jets came screaming overhead , multiple Ancient fighter planes behind them .
va	NN	The cross necklace looked worn and old-fashioned .
va	NN	But her favorite pastime was hand-to-hand combat .
va	NN	The word shark thrashed as it withered and sank .
va	NNS	The king slumps down in his chair , as if energy and life is slowly emitting from him .
va	NNS	The ships have said that I am the means of freeing the world from the Ice Lord 's threat .
va	NN	" The alien that helped me escape said he needed something from me .
va	NNS	Were your instructions simply ' Take Dr. Seldon ! ' ?
va	NN	Several days later , on the 15th of November , the royal procession left the gates of Roche Castle .
va	NN	A black carriage drawn by two dark steeds drew up in front of me .
va	NN	And in an instant all my distress came flooding back , like a hot pain that spread across my chest and body .
va	NN	Dixon landed in a heap on the floor , a perfect red handprint ringing his throat like a rash .
va	NNS	The simple two ingredients flash before me .
va	NNS	The Ginny dolls whispered her name .
va	NNS	Grass and dirt caught in my mouth as I separated from him .
va	NN	The footing was treacherous .
va	NNS	May the gods have mercy on him .
va	NNS	Men shifted into comfortable positions under the stars to sleep while others took watch .
va	NNS	" The scars that go up her arms ?
va	NNS	The sadness in her eyes betrayed her .
va	NN	Only then will this terror which has taken these lands be ended .
va	NN	As if giving birth , a metallic , egg-shaped vessel breached the vortex .
va	NNS	Wizards can see Death .
va	NN	The architect of the heavens will not miss the mark !
va	NNS	There are points in your life when you know that you have reached a turning point .
va	NNS	Several officers sat on sofas watching the musicians play .
va	NN	The Soul Cake Tuesday Duck didn 't apparently have any kind of a home .
va	NN	Devin knelt before her , a sight Conor had seldom seen .
va	NN	But the strangest occurrence of the day was a newly sworn Apprentice , called Hawk , lingering in the room after the last class session before lunch .
va	NNS	The single hung window stood wide open , its sheer curtains frozen to the frame .
va	NNS	Their mouths met , and met again , the soft noise of kisses drifting through the stairwell .
va	NN	My gut turned over , and I felt a little queasy .
va	NN	The tiger hears another sound coming from behind , back in the woods , and turns its attention there again .
va	NNS	The attackers wanted to steal the animals and as much freight as they could , hoping to do it with no loss to themselves .
va	NNS	Bones knew she could .
va	NN	And the forecast for tomorrow is for it to be a fine day . "
va	NNS	Several other local dwellers lay around either dead or bleeding .
va	NN	A roaring blue flame shot out from it ; it was about as long at the pipe itself .
va	NN	" Come on , honey , " Al said to his wife .
va	NN	A doorman opened her door and helped her alight .
va	NN	Their separation of only a few days was fraying her equanimity .
va	NNS	The prisoners are here because they can be trusted not to go walkabout .
va	NNS	When one of her items is feeding , the vibrations shake my insides from head to toe .
va	NN	" What use is an advisor who has no useful advice ? "
va	NNS	Xander stares at me for so long I start to feel uncomfortable .
va	NN	There was a coaching inn .
va	NNS	Not even the hunters believed that .
va	NN	His bunch of thuggish skinhead hangers-on .
va	NN	The apparition closed his eyes , seeming to be in deep concentration .
va	NNS	If it 's any solace , there are only a few kings , queens , bishops and knights left , but they will all die . "
va	NNS	Her gestures were tender .
va	NNS	Tears choked me as I realized that her own mother wouldn 't have been able to recognize the smashed mess before us .
va	NNS	There are scorch marks all over the walls from where Mach hit it with fire while trying to hit Lennox .
va	NN	But his essence lingered somehow in the planet 's form .
va	NN	* * * * * The truth serum was gradually wearing off .
va	NNS	The West players went quiet .
va	NN	Then slowly her headache subsided , and calm blue tones settled over the street again .
va	NN	To one side the plain dropped suddenly away until it appeared again far in the distance .
va	NNS	Our foreheads come together .
va	NNS	The crowds had thinned out considerably after the fireworks display .
va	NN	Fear was evident in my voice .
va	NNS	" There are a couple flaws in his plan he needs to work out first , but he 'll get there sooner or later . "
va	NNS	The EOD agents had closed their case .
va	NN	As he turned and caught his first glimpse of me Christopher 's smile dissipated and the color began to drain rapidly from his cheeks .
va	NNS	A sadness came over him suddenly that Felix was dead and gone .
va	NNS	Lars took my hand softly and drove me to the lounge chairs , taking a seat .
va	NNS	My techs catalogued the meds , but they didn 't flag them .
va	NN	The gunslinger had been leaning against the handle , a cigarette from his dwindling supply of tobacco clamped in his mouth .
va	NN	The swell was heavier now .
va	NNS	His frustrations swelled to the surface , inconvenient as hell when he knew calm would work better .
va	NNS	The houses were ginormous .
va	NNS	The blue diamonds gleamed , and the gold cuff design of the bracelets gave the jewelry a harder , sensual edge .
va	NN	The result was her eyes stinging and watering .
va	NN	The encounter began with a struggle to remain faster than the wolves .
va	NNS	Nikolas quickly pulled his hands off and stepped away .
va	NN	The sunset that evening was one for the picture books .
va	NN	A product had to be sliced up and checked off against the blueprint in various sections .
va	NN	Except now the prank was on them .
va	NN	His frequency lit up almost at once , as though it knew Abigail better than his rational mind did .
va	NNS	The paramedics began to put their tools away and placed a blanket over me .
va	NNS	But the bitches just pushed her away .
va	NN	" What is the maximum capacity of the system , sister ? "
va	NN	The second Dumpster rose in the air and landed on top of the second one , hanging off one side .
va	NN	You see , both Mama and I were right .
va	NNS	Tears slip from her bright green eyes .
va	NNS	All the guests compliment our new backyard .
va	NNS	" When she went into labor , the doctors told her they could try and save her or they could try and save you .
va	NN	The fur parka was the warmest coat he had .
va	NNS	Other meals weren 't much better .
va	NNS	Electronic curtains closed and Rosie 's heartbreaking face disappeared from the window .
va	NN	The awesome responsibility of keeping her alive and safe in the middle of a damn jungle crashed down on him .
va	NN	The national library down here was a treasure trove .
va	NNS	" Your injuries are not serious considering the extent of the fire . "
va	NN	" The library isn 't on campus ? "
va	NN	Light exploded , a laser show of bright white , obliterating everything in its path .
va	NNS	The princes were arguing among themselves , the queen and the king were locked into battle and Alex was looking at Garrett through furious eyes .
va	NNS	After what seemed like hours of steady travel the elephants came to a halt , without command , in front of the ruins of a stone temple .
va	NNS	The bats needed no second warning ; they took off as one , flew back to their cave , and hid behind a flying saucer .
va	NN	The night clerk looked her up and down and then gave Jake another smirk .
va	NNS	The flavors coated her mouth , the emotions coated her soul , and she was utterly content .
va	NNS	Tears began welling in my eyes .
va	NN	On the ground , hopping , there was a falcon .
va	NN	His arousal throbbed an agreement against the base of her spine .
va	NNS	The bats could barely protest as they were carried away , too , more in need of rest than medical attention .
va	NNS	Beads of sweat broke out on her skin .
va	NN	An orb of flame soon appeared between both of her hands , about the size of a beach ball .
va	NNS	Perhaps hundreds of years ago the hallway would have looked grand and spectacular .
va	NN	And oddly , the furniture still sat where it had been situated inside the house .
va	NNS	In the plane we were on , there weren 't hundreds of trees surrounding the clearing .
va	NN	Now the unfinished skyscraper sat like a rusting blot on the empty desert .
va	NNS	How can cops get away with stuff like that ?
va	NN	My greatest victory was at hand .
va	NNS	They talked until they both fell asleep , their phones cradled between their shoulders and cheeks .
va	NNS	I must say , your two choices so far have been rather excellent , perfectly messy .
va	NN	The fabric sank straight down and settled on the grass .
va	NN	His fiancée had discarded her maiden 's belt and her jewelry so that they both slept equally exposed to nature .
va	NN	There was barely a trace that anyone had ever been there .
va	NN	The engine 's aluminum has a shine that only comes with reverence .
va	NNS	Not the four passports , not the five credit cards , not even the bank routing numbers you managed to find .
va	NNS	Miniature waterfalls dotted the length of the creek that flowed only about five yards away from the side of the wagons .
va	NN	Her gut clenched with fear .
va	NNS	May the gods bless you all . "
va	NN	But before Emma could answer , a huge , thin vase on the table wobbled precariously .
va	NN	A black helicopter flew over the city , incredibly low .
va	NNS	These monsters wouldn 't be able to spread their misery around the earth anymore .
va	NN	The victim , Emanuel Richard , was in the system , having been arrested a number of times for rape and sexual assault .
va	NN	Good advice honey ' almost imitating Hannibal Smith of The A-Team .
va	NN	Without warning , an arrow sped past Aiden , striking down a Cobra running toward him from an alley .
va	NNS	Her panties and stockings were next to go .
va	NNS	Three loose pages were inside .
va	NNS	The implications here are more than suggestive .
va	NN	Somewhere , the seal was loose .
va	NNS	These bands are wild .
va	NNS	' Oh loads of stuff Ryan .
va	NN	The exhaustion nearly overwhelmed me , and a sensation of fire surged through every inch of my body , but it still felt incredible .
va	NN	A treasure , Bonnie learned , could be something as smal as a single gem or as large as an entire world .
va	NN	The closet on the other side of the room burst open .
va	NN	A smirk took over my face before I leaned toward her , my hands grabbing at her pajama bottoms .
va	NNS	Finally , though , the rains and lightning stopped .
va	NN	" Your fascination with God might make you hate me . "
va	NNS	Of course , my officers didn 't believe you ; they had seen all of the survivors executed , after all .
va	NNS	Therefore the hunters slew him not , but assembling they waylaid him , and commanded him to halt .
va	NN	The bass swim slowly now , in the waters getting cold .
va	NN	Small Talk is looking up at me , but he isn 't impressed .
va	NNS	They always wished to talk to everything , the old Elves did .
va	NNS	The hairs on the back of my neck tingle with electricity .
va	NNS	Could the archangels listen in on phone conversations ?
va	NN	" The structure is strong .
va	NNS	The tabloids are hot on your tail , missy . "
va	NNS	I 'm Logan Martelli , the cops can 't keep up with me . "
va	NNS	The bandits couldn 't tell quite where he was , and those that happened across him didn 't take another breath .
va	NN	What was that punch ?
va	NNS	Fergus closed his eyes .
va	NN	Ten strides later , thunder roared behind him .
va	NN	In the end , the scandal would break out again .
va	NN	" There 's no radio here ! "
va	NNS	... Several heartbeats passed before Bethany swallowed .
va	NNS	Of course , there were also occasions when they would get into a ' washing machine ' , but that did not spoil it .
va	NN	" Your carriage awaits . "
va	NNS	There were crates of ammunition and rations stacked high in wooden boxes .
va	NN	My grief remained , but the numbness was gone and time moved at its right pace again .
va	NNS	That hostess was scamming us . "
va	NN	In their place was an almost solid redness .
va	NNS	Unbound by gravity , the makers of the Orbital Embassy had constructed an impossibly tall banquet hall , and the hallway circling it matched it in height .
va	NN	A spear leapt through the air , punched through cartilage and bone right between the guard 's eyes .
va	NNS	Maximus break away , the signal flashed : Maximus was still engaged in close quarters with the Chevalier , and rifles were cracking away on both sides .
va	NN	Our handshake lingers as neither one of us says anything .
va	NN	A shiver wracked my body , but I fought it down .
va	NN	In the florescent light of the dressing room , the tanning solution made her skin seem dirty , as though she had bathed in a muddy creek .
va	NN	Ron 's Mum nodded and Mum marched me outside .
va	NNS	As he retracted the wrench , the engineers broke in to applause .
va	NN	Excitement to see her best friend overwhelmed her .
va	NN	Mama took a deep breath , held it , bobbed a little , and wiggled her tail side to side .
va	NN	the bartender chuckled as he served a beer to one of the drunks .
va	NN	Dark circles hung beneath his eyes , his captivating features screwed up by the pained expression on his face .
va	NN	" Uh , okay , " the Moose 's employee said , clearly finding Randolph 's response a bit odd .
va	NN	Not even the shark could chew through it .
va	NNS	The last remnants of tension from her old life relaxed and faded away .
va	NN	From the beginning , our discussion is tense .
va	NNS	To them my relationships were more about business than anything else . "
va	NNS	The small one gestures to the sore that mars April 's neck .
va	NNS	Her head raised , our gazes met .
va	NN	The silhouette was unmistakeable : a helmet -- and Foxy knew exactly what sort of helmet it was .
va	NN	A light fog floated above the ground .
va	NNS	The whiskers she loved tickled her palm .
va	NN	" My period this month is late , and ... " She couldn 't say it out loud .
va	NNS	The dogs were enjoying the morning chasing each other round and round in the gathering sunlight .
va	NNS	Our gazes met , and I knew the pain I saw in his eyes looked exactly like my own .
va	NN	The American fashion suited him badly ; he possessed neither the figure to set off the style nor the dignity to present it .
va	NN	All court activity stopped .
va	NN	The struggle was too ugly , elemental , brutal .
va	NN	According to my father 's loyal supporters , the empire flourished when he was still the ruler .
va	NNS	On the walls were tapestries depicting a variety of hunting and battle scenes .
va	NN	Turn about was fair play as far as Smith was concerned .
va	NN	The thumping muscle in his jaw kind of gave him away , too .
va	NN	" Hold up , " the bartender yelled back .
va	NNS	More howls came from the brush , and Falconer pointed .
va	NN	" That grain goes to feeding the soldiers that oppress common citizens and try every year to invade this land . "
va	NN	My happiness hasn 't concerned him before , why does he care now ?
va	NNS	The pads stroked the sensitive undersides , making my nipples harden .
va	NNS	Just watching her , with her head back , her breasts thrust forward and her hips shifting so that she had maximum pleasure was making him insane !
va	NN	The red arrow implied culprits that were far more distressing .
va	NNS	These devices required only power to function , which could be easily fed into its system .
va	NNS	My pink sundress is too perfect for a sleek informal dinner with Rann .
va	NN	Why was nobody answering me ?
va	NN	" Up through the toilet bowl . "
va	NNS	Polonius stooped to cut the ropes around the prisoner 's wrists .
va	NN	The jury came in , single file , and took their seats .
va	NN	Another new perfume , he thought .
va	NN	The witch cried out .
va	NNS	Around a dozen officers got down and advanced towards me with their guns and batons .
va	NN	As he stared the lake became almost tangible and he longed to plunge into its cool , clear water .
va	NN	In his experience , any time a man let himself be taken unawares , disaster happened .
va	NN	The monk was barely alive but in a bad way .
va	NN	A bucket so to speak I guess , but now I 'm trying to hold everything on my own .
va	NN	The kettle was boiling and I made a pot of tea .
va	NNS	The stragglers behind him were getting impatient .
va	NN	A damned atheist ? "
va	NN	The whole community had expectations for them that made him feel obligated .
va	NNS	The officers immediately blew by him with their guns drawn .
va	NN	A surge of desire tightened his groin .
va	NNS	Their ships were starting to move and turn direction .
va	NN	A muscle ticked below one of his eyes .
va	NNS	Of course , the sacrifices could have paved the way to great things -- as Catherine used to remind him .
va	NN	A towel went by at shoulder height .
va	NN	' Your victory waits at the piers of defeat . ' "
va	NN	" Perhaps some underground spring feeds this place . "
va	NNS	The cops had the other guy on the ground .
va	NN	The first item inside was a photo of Cesar Vaughn , taken at some groundbreaking event .
va	NNS	White specks floated across his vision as the room twirled around him .
va	NNS	Where were the throngs of Jedi ?
va	NNS	The ghouls howled in agonized reaction to the surge of discord , and it gave me a second or so to act .
va	NN	The stalker knew where Abby lived and had her cellphone number !
va	NNS	Their experts are now saying that a human is born in certain ways .
va	NN	The blizzard had just begun , and with every twist in the road the air thickened with white .
va	NN	" My transistor radio is in my suitcase .
va	NNS	Four officers crouched behind the black and white doors .
va	NN	The sudden thunder of hooves jerked Amara from her reverie as a large man rode up on a muscular bay gelding .
va	NNS	His Holiness glanced at Yves , his brow furrowed ; Count Lucien passed him without word or gesture .
va	NNS	The remaining delegates looked at each other in dismay but there was nothing they could do .
va	NN	Your attitude has changed .
va	NN	Apparently the Martinez campaign was short of cash .
va	NNS	The blood sprays across the bottom of the car as the Hunter violently begins to shake for a few moments and then dies .
va	NN	But the item that made me close my eyes in anticipation was the wood burning stove squatting on the floor in the far corner .
va	NNS	Cronus made a fist and leaned forward .
va	NNS	Chives carefully opened the black cover and turned the first couple of blank pages until he came to a long handwritten list .
va	NN	Anything but shake her head .
va	NN	The stress of the tour was taking its toll ... " Deb turned a page to see a photo of Oscar , clearly pale and skeletal .
va	NN	They were standing once more by the cave entrance , their task completed .
va	NN	" This broadcast will take approximately eighteen minutes and the next broadcast will commence tomorrow at 1 PM subject to any technical difficulties .
va	NNS	The shoulder seams on her T-shirt stood up a little and made enticing shadowy tunnels .
va	NN	Dane looked at her blankly .
va	NNS	" Dozens of dwarves are unaccounted for , all young .
va	NNS	All three dogs were through the door and hot on his trail .
va	NNS	Seconds later , realising that they were not connected , they looked at the message again and frowned .
va	NNS	The two officers from inside stepped onto the porch .
va	NN	Half wouldn 't even remember - hell , half forgot their own names , so she was safe .
va	NNS	Both ancients were wounded and weak .
va	NNS	My toes barely touched the floor , as they each had a strong hand clamped around my arms .
va	NN	The spat they had could well have caused the delay in responding to whatever triggered the concern .
va	NNS	There are no points of reference , just a whitish thick mist everywhere which makes it difficult to see more than a few metres in either direction .
va	NNS	Tears drip down my face .
va	NN	Where was the intel on this ? "
va	NN	" The jewel is ours ! "
va	NNS	Cronus saluted in return .
va	NNS	Men and women fell in love with Armand , of course , " so innocent , so passionate , so brilliant ! "
va	NN	There 's a secret pop quiz on chapter seven tomorrow . "
va	NN	The false section of wall was under two feet square , and it had been placed so that its cracks were obscured by the mural .
va	NNS	His jaw spasms and he tips his head back up .
va	NN	And his facade dropped right then .
va	NN	The patient thrashed on the table .
va	NNS	Two tables over a man with graying hair sat between two larger men .
va	NNS	" Yes ... the troopers had to shoot two of ' em , and lost two of their own men .
va	NNS	The gardens , singed at the edges now , still brought back memories of the time he 'd lived there as a child .
va	NN	There was no address on the front , just Indigo 's name .
va	NNS	There are many kinds of animals , but there are only two basic types : predators and prey .
va	NNS	Bliss shivered along my skin .
va	NNS	There was three piles of food , and even though they didn 't look appetizing , I was grateful I couldn 't tell what they were .
va	NNS	Train engineers are the true heroes of our time .
va	NNS	Men and their vices , She had such high hopes that he was above such trivialities .
va	NN	" The poison 's in you ! "
va	NN	A shiver raced down my spine .
va	NNS	His scars will never fade .
va	NNS	Hours passed without a rest until she tripped and fell for the seventh time .
va	NNS	With my record , most jobs were out .
va	NNS	Nikolas went happily to bed .
va	NNS	In desperation the sailors abandoned their oars and snatched up their weapons .
va	NN	" My comment has nothing to do with the outcome of things .
va	NNS	There were four plush chairs set out , low seats with thick velvet padding .
va	NNS	They told stories about him in the taverns , sang songs about him on street corners .
va	NNS	Tears in her gown left her shoulder exposed and her bare skin pressed against his .
va	NNS	Damn it , Duane had implied she 'd spent a lot of time with him , something Colin hadn 't known .
va	NN	The knee brace helped .
va	NN	The Order wouldn 't be able to stop him either .
va	NN	He was a tree hugger who would have driven this company into bankruptcy had he lived and inherited my estate .
va	NNS	His neighbors , the Joneses , had lost their home to the bank when they couldn 't make their payments .
va	NN	The latter is my approach to people .
va	NNS	Their shirts were the same red on their back and arms .
va	NNS	There were boxes everywhere , things all over the ground , clothes flung over everything .
va	NNS	The calm pedestrians , the gentle breeze , and the warm sunlight disoriented me as I came out of the subway .
va	NN	Quinlan 's mustache twitched slightly .
va	NN	This English garden was a replica of one created for a British tea tycoon in the early twentieth century , whose mansion was demolished long ago .
va	NN	Fear sparked in my chest .
va	NN	" The freedom not to be prince , not to be king ?
va	NN	And both the telepathy and the skin contact were having an effect on her .
va	NN	Another cheer rose from behind them .
va	NNS	Media outlets bombard you with the idea that maternity will supersede any positive feeling you 've previously felt .
va	NNS	Chives stretched up his neck , tightened his tie knot and watched the disappearing back of the heir .
va	NNS	Lars had great strength , however , and had more than once given Ambrose a good drubbing .
va	NNS	CHAPTER 19 The delusions of a delusional man I landed with a thud .
va	NNS	Bodies passed her in a blur as she kept searching for the man with the bright blond hair .
va	NN	The steward pointed to a fast disappearing figure on horseback .
va	NN	The craftsmanship was simple but exact .
va	NNS	Any tourists out looking for a thrill tonight would find more than they bargained for .
va	NNS	Their hostess sucked in her breath at this blunt order , but curiosity won out over indignation .
va	NNS	My proverbial claws came out .
va	NN	Why would anybody care now ? "
va	NN	Fear knotted her gut , but Lucy Ann wasn 't the shy little girl anymore .
va	NNS	In the background , the wedding guests were impatiently consulting their watches .
va	NNS	My stalkers were seconds from rounding the edge of the stands and having me in their line of sight .
va	NN	If anything , our plight has worsened .
va	NNS	When she helped the FBI with a case , the agents accompanying her carried firearms .
va	NNS	Tears were rolling down her cheeks .
va	NN	The stock of her gun cracked after the third strike , but her fury wouldn 't allow her to stop .
va	NNS	Creatures from every hole and putrid wet hiding place slithered and crawled to that tree and wrapped themselves around every surface of the city .
va	NN	And the close proximity of the clubs meant I 'd be able to case a deeper ache after filling my belly .
va	NNS	As one , the roots rushed forward and I swore I could almost hear eager chatter amongst them as they crashed against the wall beneath my feet .
va	NNS	Rhys had to fly him in by night !
va	NN	The library stands like a monolithic stone set in my path , and right about now it feels like one .
va	NNS	Inevitably , politics were of major concern in the quiet discussions which took place in the somberly draped corridors of the palace .
va	NNS	Bullets riddled the shelter .
va	NNS	On the right , few , simple controls stand out .
va	NNS	Chances are he can , too . "
va	NN	Jared 's hand bal ed into fists at his side , and the tendons in his neck were strained .
va	NNS	" The survivors would band together , share skills , teach the young civilized behavior .
va	NN	The harsh statement assaulted her ears , and she jolted .
va	NNS	As they fled , the ghouls paused only to turn and make rude gestures at the beast and possibly also at Bod .
va	NNS	Tears rolled down Karla 's face .
va	NN	The townspeople said Earl and Scott were tight .
va	NN	" During the chaos of 2016 , a burglar broke into their house and shot both my parents .
va	NNS	Other gods have given succor to mortals .
va	NNS	Our gifts allowed our brains to work fast to develop the answers we needed .
va	NNS	The officials were carrying out Matthews ' covered body .
va	NN	" Awesome attitude , Seth , " Matt said .
va	NNS	The songs changed , and Grace met his gaze with a serious one of her own .
va	NN	A slow stream cascaded out .
va	NNS	My neighbors see me only in summer time , and they know I came from Cyprus . "
va	NNS	The viral shells destroyed and dissolved her flesh from the inside out .
va	NNS	The buttons of her shirt had come undone ; he bent to press tender kisses against her chest .
va	NN	Oooh , and hot bread , crisp on the outside and tender on the inside , brushed with a hint of butter .
va	NN	As he smiled a bit , the slight stubble on his face reinforced the fact that he was indeed a friend .
va	NN	There was a terrible sadness and weariness in him .
va	NN	Somehow his statement seemed more like a question .
va	NN	A zap sliced through my brain again , and the room spun .
va	NN	Immediately a waitress appeared to clear the dish away .
va	NNS	" Neither staircases nor carriages lend themselves to a terribly thorough experience . "
va	NN	A shiver went through me .
va	NN	His attitude is veering toward flirty which would be fine if it wasn 't for Luke .
va	NNS	The pilots had to be gone .
va	NNS	Slow songs croon from the speakers , and Ian has Courtney wrapped up in his arms .
va	NNS	" Men know . "
va	NN	" Yeah , a mishap sounds about right , George . "
va	NNS	At five forty-five the first customers arrived .
va	NN	You cannot use this , " the cashier griped .
va	NN	" But the trial is less than two weeks away .
va	NNS	Bodies and lights blurred around him , making Neil nauseous .
va	NN	His arousal was ridiculous .
va	NN	The resume said 29 years old , Harvard MBA with her undergraduate degree in Finance from the University of Wisconsin .
va	NN	Such a cruel suggestion of her subconscious ; a late night visit from Kelly could only mean one thing .
va	NN	Marco peered over the newspaper at me , his black oval rimmed glasses sliding down the brim of his slightly crooked nose .
va	NN	Somebody must have followed me to meet you last night and they could do it again and kill you . "
va	NNS	Most employees here specialise in a certain function of the Wall and leave the other functions to other specialists .
va	NN	The broadcast to the ARC now has a time delay of several minutes .
va	NN	" How 's the headache ? "
va	NN	But there is no poison . "
va	NN	The butler roughly secured her other arm .
va	NN	Somebody died right here .
va	NN	The blast of impact shook Kira , sending sizzling pain through her body .
va	NN	" Talk to me Knox .
va	NN	But the upside was , if she talked to herself instead , there was no one to notice or care .
va	NN	Then there was the dashboard of an unfamiliar car .
va	NN	The bird was still nowhere to be found .
va	NN	The frame and chassis were little more than thick wire .
va	NN	Their last encounter had been less than pleasant , but he didn 't want her running off .
va	NN	Perhaps the traitor had told Hale that he 'd compromised the murder but not the assassination .
va	NN	The fog in his eyes clears , and he wipes a large hand over his face before standing .
va	NNS	Until today , the precautions had worked .
va	NN	The outside bouncer stepped inside the club , bringing an equally big friend with him .
va	NNS	Fellows took a sip of coffee , which was rich and full , the best in the world .
va	NNS	Rhys couldn 't do it .
va	NNS	Fathers and sons raced toward one another in the eerie light .
va	NNS	Tears burned his eyelids and his nostrils flared with the effort he exerted not to completely lose his composure .
va	NNS	" How have the cravings been lately ? "
va	NNS	And the excuses were getting harder to tell every time .
va	NN	During that time my other friend Hal showed up and got mad at the way Kevin was talking to me and attacked him . "
va	NN	" How would a tiger have arrived in France ? "
va	NN	Then the tiger had disappeared again .
va	NN	Gift said , " You 're so cute ! "
va	NN	" The flyer got you into the club for a look ; drinking got you kicked out .
va	NNS	The dogs are frenzied and about to rush over to us when one of the Elders stops them .
va	NNS	" Wren rides in style , " Jules said with a grin .
va	NN	Every witch of Southwick was unique in their own way .
va	NNS	' The phones aren 't working sir . '
va	NNS	There are no houses . "
va	NN	A bride of the council 's choosing ?
va	NN	Anything was better than the rut he was in .
va	NNS	Tears sprang into my eyes and I hated to cry in his arms over another guy .
va	NNS	Elliott was hanging out of the back window of the car , her small palms pressed to the door as she gazed at the house .
va	NN	There were a lot more Iron fey here than at the tiny border town on the lake , a lot of guards and faeries in armor .
va	NN	" Yes , sir , " Callum awkwardly replied .
va	NN	If they tried to shoot her the mud would be a problem .
va	NN	" Colonel just arrive , " began the clerk helpfully .
va	NN	A hard pang hit him in the chest .
va	NN	But even her mercy had limits .
va	NN	The waitress returned with the drinks , sat them in front of us and walked away .
va	NN	That comment produced an involuntary smile .
va	NNS	My phone rings , so glad i didn 't forget it , and I answer it on speaker .
va	NNS	Both tattoos are for him .
va	NNS	Sometimes hormones can be distracting .
va	NNS	There were the remnants of an old campfire , rusty cans , cigarette butts and a discarded shovel with a broken handle .
va	NNS	A fleeting caress that she knew meant good-bye .
va	NN	" Carry it over there , " instructed Erik coldly , his voice commanding absolute compliance .
va	NNS	Her cuts healed quickly and after these days , only scars remained .
va	NNS	My guts twist as I think about Kalli walking out of the building , a baseball cap hiding her face .
va	NNS	Men find it more difficult to speak harshly against a beautiful woman . "
va	NNS	Minos made a noise like a puppy in a bag finding it had a brick for company .
va	NNS	Her breaths were too gentle and light to be noticed through the heavy blanket that lay folded on top .
va	NNS	Nancy 's two teenage daughters were out for the evening so it was just Nancy and her husband entertaining Kate and Carlo .
va	NNS	Stories to tell their grandchildren .
va	NN	That morning 's encounter left Colette in a melancholy mood for the rest of the day .
va	NNS	Both devices are the same , though the child 's is more sophisticated . "
va	NNS	Fellows had already returned to watching Louisa .
va	NN	Evidently this epidemic of prophecy 's pretty widespread .
va	NN	The cabbie looked at the money and then at his watch .
va	NN	I mean , did he contact Mr. Bundy the terrorist or Mr. Bundy the CIA operative ? "
va	NNS	Flanking him were his sons , the general and the exchequer .
va	NNS	Those mile-long lashes swept up and down .
va	NN	A very short half-hour later Anton turned to kiss his new wife .
va	NNS	Dr. Driver stares at Wilson , contemplating the different scenarios that would prompt that call .
va	NN	That minor detail had escaped me . "
va	NNS	" There are even therapy dogs in some schools to help children gain confidence in reading .
va	NNS	But there are some positive findings so far .
va	NN	The only negative was the nasty rumor .
va	NN	Conrad 's wealthy lifestyle and influence gave him easy entree into powerful circles .
va	NN	" Enough , " the Queen said , raising a hand , and the series of impacts came to an abrupt halt .
va	NNS	Tears cut hot trails down her cheeks .
va	NN	" Somebody is going to get hurt . "
va	NNS	" The officers notice .
va	NN	A muscle ticked in his jaw .
va	NNS	Seemingly endless storms had swelled the river ; though the water didn 't quite reach the street , it was almost lapping at its edges .
va	NNS	' Your sons , my love , would wait forever . '
va	NNS	My shins will never be the same .
va	NNS	Tears burned his eyes and his throat clogged .
va	NNS	Two doctors in green surgical scrubs carried Styrofoam cups of coffee , steam rising from the surface of the liquid into the frigid air .
va	NN	The flame inside me dies as I watch him uncomfortably adjust his unbuttoned pants .
va	NN	A glassy magick eight ball .
va	NN	The drone grasped the knob -- the door was locked .
va	NN	" Our very serious discussion can 't happen if we 're both naked . "
va	NN	With that , the selection for the Sanction Games is over .
va	NNS	The puppies got a sponge bath .
va	NN	My self-control wanes as tears prick my eyes .
va	NNS	My pajamas consisted of a long t-shirt and workout pants .
va	NN	A pang of jealousy rippled down my spine and I felt my magic flare in an unforgivable display of emotion .
va	NNS	The most serious discussions required tea .
va	NNS	The boy 's flaws were rapidly fading , leaving behind only the memory of charm and adventure .
va	NN	When the ship came to a stop the partition slid open and several children fell in a scramble to get out .
va	NNS	The treatments take a lot out of him and he 's resting .
va	NNS	These throttling events , though periodic , are not entirely without pattern .
va	NNS	Budget cuts were always backwards ; up the police budget and cut services to the people on the edge .
va	NN	His skill with knives was renowned and unrivaled , in this world , or any other world he ever set foot upon .
va	NNS	His eyelashes were so long it was impossible not to notice them .
va	NNS	The cubs curled in on themselves , trying to cling to Misty .
va	NNS	There are cars still parked in the driveways , bicycles still overturned on the sidewalks .
va	NNS	Chances are he will not last the night ... unless I help him . "
va	NNS	" Men like yourself ? "
va	NNS	The scars indicate past self-harm or past abuse .
va	NNS	What if her obligations to her job outweighed everything ?
va	NN	Even the short journey home seemed out of the question .
va	NNS	" My daughters , " Barak introduced the girls to the rest of the party .
va	NNS	But my earlier revelations held true .
va	NN	Somebody 's hot for teacher . "
va	NN	Every fiber of my being felt connected to Lucky .
va	NNS	The crisp outdoors enveloped her , the smell of the pure mountain air even more intoxicating since she 'd lost her hearing .
va	NN	His attitude had changed completely ; he was going out of his way to be supportive .
va	NNS	Something terrible threatened them , something Jacques feared .
va	NN	A shiver passed through her .
va	NN	The owner of the eyes squinted the left one as he framed the small waist in the air with his fingers , and thought , Perfect .
va	NNS	Agnes frowned , the wind taken from her sail .
va	NNS	The houses did look familiar .
va	NN	And with a force this large , ambush is highly unlikely .
va	NNS	Other drawings depicted wars .
va	NNS	There were very few other guests present , and I recognized nobody until I saw Mark approaching me .
va	NN	Emma 's gut wrenched violently .
va	NN	Bishop said by way of greeting , his charcoal eyes twinkling .
va	NNS	" The ships are happy , aren 't they ? "
va	NN	Suddenly , an explosion ripped through the hall outside the bedroom .
va	NN	" Somebody get me Scott Rollins , now ! "
va	NNS	There are all sorts of terrible tales of men getting lost in there , because of many fiendish witches ! "
va	NNS	The other officials fidgeted and looked at each other , hoping someone would be brave enough to speak .
va	NNS	All sorts of images from the past two days fil ed my mind .
va	NN	The intensity of his gaze was almost shocking .
va	NN	The vast plain of snow whirled about me fantastically .
va	NN	No offence , " she answered .
va	NN	Standing straighter after that comment , the young lady patiently watched as Gaston continued his enchantment .
va	NN	" Maybe an ex-boyfriend , then , " said Dirk .
va	NNS	Local farmers had used some explosives to drop the Highway 58 bridge into the river .
va	NN	' But there is no scandal .
va	NNS	Large silver hoop earrings and noisy silver bracelets .
va	NN	" How far must this hypocrisy go before you absolve my mother of her sins ?
va	NN	Chapter Nineteen As soon as they crossed into the grounds of the Fallen Cemetery , a big gust of wind slammed the gate shut behind them .
va	NNS	Small boats began to gather around , they were smiling and waving , among them was a friendly young man wearing a uniform .
va	NNS	" Two sets of fingerprints on the envelope , besides yours and Borden 's .
va	NNS	Tears filled her eyes and all she could think was how she 'd gone down this road already .
va	NN	The clerk behind the desk gave him a strange look as he walked by .
va	NN	The candle flame reached tall , tall , thin to the point of breaking .
va	NN	My administration is not afraid to take those steps .
va	NNS	However , his players were too disorganized and could not hear what their priest was shouting at the top .
va	NN	* My cell phone 's ringtone woke me up too early .
va	NN	There was also a velvet cloak and some spell books .
va	NNS	The agents and police were making their way toward where he stood , gesturing for everyone to leave .
va	NNS	Chocolate roses and a white chocolate ganache covered the top of the cake .
va	NNS	Seven rebels lay dead , with the last one dying .
va	NN	The large warehouse had high , dirty windows .
va	NNS	The wounds that I would receive were nothing .
va	NNS	The brightness of the day had gone .
va	NNS	Thick , striated tendrils of polished wood wound about me , lifting me up .
va	NN	The helmet remained suspended .
va	NN	The opening performance was only five days away .
va	NNS	The crickets weren 't , though .
va	NNS	His beliefs are strong , anchored in centuries of reinforcement .
va	NN	Suddenly , there was an explosion that blew me into the air and then shoved me deep under the ice and snow .
va	NNS	Sean 's fists were even tighter , his knuckles whitening .
va	NN	" The pirate has never lacked for boldness . "
va	NN	Every muscle tensed at the sound of Stephanie 's name linked with another guy 's .
va	NNS	" What about Simon 's work commitments ? "
va	NNS	The cops can look for a thousand years , and they still won 't get me . "
va	NN	As he hurried up the street , the aroma coming from a restaurant entrance was making his stomach growl .
va	NNS	No monsters were hiding in the shadows .
va	NN	" Anything and everything they can find .
va	NNS	Even his headlights looked like two knives trying to cut through it .
va	NN	A shiver runs down my spine .
va	NNS	Our mouths locked , our hands frantically exploring our trembling bodies .
va	NN	The deep rumble of his voice fills the room to the rafters .
va	NNS	Sometimes , appointments might go late , but for the most part , it usually worked out .
va	NN	Maybe true mercy lay not in withholding the axe , but in allowing the axe to fall .
va	NNS	Maya glances back over her shoulder , sees Lance closing fast and sends a volley of lighting toward him .
va	NN	The silhouette of Blackstone Castle loomed behind her on the river 's south bank .
va	NNS	My daughters , all six of them , knew their father 's name and little else .
va	NN	The waitress quickly appeared to take their orders and soon left them alone .
va	NN	The owner of the sack pulled it open again .
va	NNS	Their gazes locked together and Colt forgot all about the food he 'd craved just a moment earlier .
va	NN	The second citizen kicks a fallen body .
va	NN	" A little ray of sunshine , " he continued , separating the strands with his fingers .
va	NN	The score was 3-3 .
va	NN	Turning ever so slowly , his eyes fell on the object of his distraction , doubled over in the carriage , tears streaming down her face .
va	NN	In hindsight , this lineage made sense .
va	NN	A blue portal formed in front of me , revealing two figures within it .
va	NN	" There 's no way fir ya ta know .
va	NNS	Their mouths fused , their tongues danced , and their arms clasped each other as their bodies became one .
va	NNS	Our waitress tends the whole floor , runs the cash register , and I 'm guessing bakes the pies .
va	NN	" The chief is really trying to clean up the place .
va	NN	The gossip would spread like wildfire .
va	NN	A facebook representative got up and asked to see Evans , or the part that was available to the public , its glass eye .
va	NNS	Several couches and armchairs filled the room with a large area rug on the floor .
va	NN	The entire chamber is accelerating upward .
va	NNS	Tears formed in my eyes .
va	NN	An entire string of expletives followed .
va	NN	What was his first offence ? '
va	NNS	Ivory tables crashed over , seats were splintered , velvet hangings torn down were stained red .
va	NN	The old queen lurched into step behind him .
va	NNS	My body jerks and I 'm wide awake .
va	NN	Benji 's elbow stretched back , high into the air , and his hand was balled into a shaking tight fist .
va	NNS	By the sway of his hand , the beasts fell hardly to the earth .
va	NN	Murder to cover for rape would be nothing new in the criminal world . "
va	NNS	There were piles of debris and waste everywhere .
va	NNS	Sirena 's intentions were clear : she wanted Nicola 's soul .
va	NN	There was no natural variation in the steps , and there was still no sign of a dragon hold anywhere in sight .
va	NNS	His fangs caught Jace 's shirt near the shoulder and tore the fabric lengthwise as Jace staggered .
va	NNS	Shortly after that , the cops let Spencer go with a warning .
va	NN	" The string 's in place on this side . "
va	NNS	Eyes wild , dick sticking out of his pants , body twitching with a need he had no hope of controlling .
va	NNS	The monks carried the fossils into the old cellars of the monastery .
va	NN	That towel hurts ! "
va	NN	" Her punishment is too light , Graeme . " " '
va	NNS	" Mothers are irrational when it comes to their children .
va	NNS	How did these foul beasts fall like stars ?
va	NNS	The brightness fell from her face .
va	NNS	There are five entrances to the subway .
va	NNS	" Weather ... check ; instruments set . "
va	NN	The mere possibility of sleeping with someone I didn 't know made me wince .
va	NN	The undead should never have touched her . "
va	NN	So a straight climb up the hive meant the pollen was in the direction of the sun .
va	NNS	All the aches , the worry , the tension , the hopeless dreams came tumbling down on me .
va	NNS	All beings that had held their own court through time in this castle gathered in his chambers .
va	NNS	The babies are my life .
va	NNS	Xerxes popped up to race to him , but - Bjorn vanished .
va	NNS	Because of your ingenious weapon , the strategic air forces cannot destroy our abode .
va	NN	Their wealth hires the numbers they otherwise lack . "
va	NNS	Minos said to Marshall .
va	NNS	The threads are not yet in place .
va	NNS	There were other dangers ahead .
va	NN	Her scrutiny makes me uncomfortable .
va	NN	The tornado burned brighter as it raced over the dead sea towards the eye .
va	NNS	I smile absently , the hairs on the back of my neck prickle as his breath lingers .
va	NNS	The missiles were closing in on their target .
va	NN	Now her stalker was behind bars , but what about The Punisher ?
va	NN	Have his chamber prepared so my men might carry him in .
va	NN	The grand foyer has amber marble floors .
va	NNS	The same drawings , only on a much grander scale , once graced the pillars outside their caves .
va	NNS	Beads of wine dripped down his chin .
va	NNS	Men from all over the frontier were there drinking and talking .
va	NNS	My palms start to sweat and I can 't stop thinking about Kayden .
va	NNS	Perhaps there were even better jobs out there for him in the same field .
va	NN	The robot jogged across the street .
va	NNS	All the prisoners had to be inspected and their numbers ticked off .
va	NNS	So its O2 tanks can hold enough to last me 7 days .
va	NN	My gut clenched and I swallowed hard .
va	NN	Darkness clenched the Underground in its mouth and spat it out with the hiss and crackle of magic .
va	NN	The manager heard Bianca yelling about some lingerie Butch had purchased for the young lady next door .
va	NN	What was this morbid fascination with the dead ?
va	NNS	The flavors in the sauce would be perfectly blended by tonight when it was brought out to be served with fresh vegetables at the evening meal .
va	NNS	Deer looked up from its munching , but there was no fear at the sight and sound of these two prancing around .
va	NN	In the distance , thunder rumbled , but no lightning accompanied it .
va	NNS	My intentions are plain as day .
va	NNS	The blue icy tones turned almost sincere and warm as he smiled and removed his glove .
va	NNS	Bastian 's breaths were a soothing melody that was drawing me into calm serenity .
va	NN	" Where is everybody ? "
va	NN	" The puppy , I guess . "
va	NNS	But on either side of the building were slum houses , mostly one-story , some two , rising up around it like weeds .
va	NNS	There are no furnishings or comforts ; the Iron Sisters do not appreciate visitors and will endeavor to complete their business as rapidly as possible .
va	NN	The Queen clearly wants something from us in return , and it won 't come cheaply .
va	NN	There was some competition .
va	NNS	" House Guests , please proceed to the challenge area for this week 's Power Play . "
va	NNS	Enforcers carry out the wills and desires of their masters .
va	NN	The candle grew dim and Tom turned and left the room closing the door behind him .
va	NNS	The baskets in pairs were slung over the necks of the smaller dragons , who bent their heads to receive them .
va	NNS	Only fools go into that deaf and dumb talk , and think they 're secret .
va	NN	There was a blue van parked in a yard to one side but no other vehicles , his earpiece squawked , " Any movement yet ? "
va	NNS	Sharp , yellowed claws held my jaw in a vice like grip .
va	NNS	Both lawyers waited in open court , watching the clock on the wall tick in an infuriating manner .
va	NNS	Then the two tubes detached from their coupling automatically .
va	NN	" That cigarette will kill you .
va	NNS	" Why were my neighbors going badass commando on Marty ? "
va	NN	Then the townspeople dubbed him Bottles , because he was always scrounging around for empty glass soda bottles to return for the few cents deposit .
va	NNS	In the evening when Jennifer checked on the cars again both number plates matched the arrival form .
va	NN	" Anything is possible , but it is more likely the vampire is using a shadow spell .
va	NNS	Honest prisoners fought Raiders every day a war inside a war till orders came in from a Confederate general to get it stopped . "
va	NNS	The events of the past night come flooding back .
va	NN	His comment makes me feel like just another means to an end -- to Maureen 's end .
va	NN	When she reached up to stroke his curved neck , the stallion shuddered , but he did not bolt .
va	NNS	As Vane and Fury walked past , the dogs , sensing their animal part , came out to either bark or play .
va	NN	The freedom inherent in that revelation was profound and deeply moving .
va	NN	The pop was not long enough to be thunder and not loud enough to be a gunshot .
va	NN	The professor didn 't notice , though , or if she did , she didn 't react .
va	NN	" Mama had a broken heart ? "
va	NN	ABOUT THE ARTIST Cortney Skinner 's artwork appears in books , magazines , comics , and in films .
va	NNS	The doctors say she expects it .
va	NNS	His lips were twisted into a snarl , his fangs fully elongated as his eyes blazed red fire .
va	NN	Really , this suite was it .
va	NNS	The photographs came to mind immediately .
va	NNS	Drug dealers are bad and Abby isn 't .
va	NNS	Bess couldn 't go as far and fast as he wanted .
va	NN	Pierce 's lawyer offered me a settlement in the divorce !
va	NN	Fifteen The florist turned out to be a bust .
va	NN	Hywel glanced at her , a wry smile on his lips .
va	NN	A film producer called HW Wicks is making a film and is looking for young men to appear in it .
va	NN	Your - um , wife , Savannah , said I could wander around . "
va	NN	The monk paused for a sip of tea , then continued .
va	NNS	The seeds of revolution preceded their arrival , but few there had any idea what the Romanov children actually looked like .
va	NN	" The Last Midnight is coming , " Bonnie repeated .
va	NNS	There were only a few guests , and yes ... we threw it together in a few days and did it destination style , but still .
va	NNS	Now , are your dogs big or little ? "
va	NNS	Tears leaked between my fingers , as I buried myself in the pillow .
va	NNS	The events he was watching had changed his life .
va	NN	In the metropolis of Santiago , the landscape is very different .
va	NN	" Not yet , " the gunslinger said .
va	NNS	The Architect vessels were bunching together and nearly eclipsing the planet .
va	NNS	The curtains fluttered and then were pulled back .
va	NNS	Fallen angels look for completely corrupt men .
va	NN	This patio furniture is nice . "
va	NNS	Red marks circled my wrists , but it wasn 't too bad .
va	NNS	The knives were common , easy to replace .
va	NNS	" Only minor injuries , " Matt said .
va	NN	There was a clear and close bond between the two men , one that would not be broken by a secret or a disagreement .
va	NN	This statement completely mystified her .
va	NNS	My carriers placed me on the seat that was built into the platform and buckled me in .
va	NN	A cloud drifted across the sun and I shivered .
va	NN	" Sam , they poop in a box then walk through it and track it all over your house .
va	NNS	Dozens of the same lights lined the top and bottom of the ship .
va	NNS	Yours were stupid and public . "
va	NN	His girlfriend , by the way he immediately draped his arm around her shoulder and planted a kiss on her heart-shaped face .
va	NNS	Men leapt from their path as they charged through , leaving angry shouts in their wake .
va	NNS	Then from the wall emerged three large sets of eyes .
va	NN	A shudder rolled down my spine , and I hastily looked away , feeling as if I deserved that look he was giving me .
va	NN	The caption read , ' Freak wave leaves freaky destruction . '
va	NNS	Your hormones are humming .
va	NNS	" Maybe your alias could be Sam Wayne . "
va	NNS	There were hundreds of fighters in the bank .
va	NNS	Mortals still need us . "
va	NNS	" My fifty bucks please . "
va	NN	There was a wealth of love in her teasing tone .
va	NN	" The bartender , " she said .
va	NNS	Rhys held my hands back , squeezing .
va	NN	" As you can see , everyone , land management can be a difficult and controversial topic .
va	NNS	The archangels confiscated it when I fell . "
va	NN	A vivid surge of nausea flashed through him , and he pitched to his side , retching .
va	NNS	The two officers quickly glanced at each other waiting to see who would respond first .
va	NN	The longing in his stare matched what I felt inside , increased the yearning until I could hardly stand the intensity .
va	NN	The entire contingent of demons was descending on us .
va	NN	Before Rachel could react , the chopper dropped onto the Goya 's deck .
va	NN	His gang laughed , more from a general belief that it was expected of them rather than any real mirth .
va	NN	Miss Wilkinson 's embrace eased and he looked up to her face seeing tears of her own .
va	NN	The End Is Nigh .
va	NNS	" The choices set out before us are clear .
va	NNS	Tears filled her eyes as she took it out of the box .
va	NN	The barn was just ahead .
va	NN	The brochure with Frank 's name on it burns a hole in my pocket and I tape it to the pipe .
va	NNS	Men scrambled up and were hacked to death on reaching the top .
va	NNS	The three or more injections weren 't half as bad as continually pricking the sensitive pads of his little fingers .
va	NNS	The signaling mirrors will keep us connected . "
va	NNS	The tiny pads of his fingers briefly touched the wilted flowers I 'd brought last week .
va	NNS	All sorts of round objects appeared , not one of which was a portal .
va	NNS	Cronus gripped my arm , his fingers a cuff of flesh and bone , and no amount of subtle tugging and twisting loosened them .
va	NN	" The cops asked that , too , " the bartender replied .
va	NN	The second I let people get close to me , the fey would make them targets .
va	NNS	" Anyway , these impromptu gatherings are oh so fun , but I 'm really busy .
va	NN	After all , everybody liked deer .
va	NNS	" The doctors said the swelling should go down within a week , but he was able to move his toes a little bit ago . "
va	NNS	The three hunters bolted into the tunnel with Kane aiding Leo , who was still limping on his wounded leg .
va	NNS	Those kinds of people only ever think of the short term benefits and not the life-long consequences .
va	NNS	" Men 's room ? "
va	NN	Never having seen him without the others she was slightly surprised to see him now on his own , her suspicion growing as he approached .
va	NN	The driver roars off , the open door swinging shut with a sharp clang .
va	NNS	" The marks always go crazy when there are gods nearby . "
va	NNS	The fangs seemed to have a mind of their own , and he could feel them pulling him toward living flesh .
va	NNS	Some relationships were so much closer than others .
va	NN	The following day , the weather was perfect .
va	NNS	Four sets of eyes glanced back at me , save for Charles ' , and they were filled with a mix of fear and anger .
va	NNS	Two smaller bands held my arms in two places .
va	NNS	The brightness will be softer .
va	NN	The tune was like a war siren to his young ears .
va	NNS	The doctors said he may lose his leg or the use of it , but right now it 's just too early to tell . "
va	NNS	So far no big chunks fell out , thank goodness .
va	NNS	The doctors peered along the corridor before wheeling the stretcher into an empty room .
va	NN	Lean , hard muscle roped from his chest to his abdomen .
va	NN	There upon its spur stood high walls of ancient stone , and within them was a lofty tower .
va	NNS	" 5 dollars for the shovel , 2 dollars for the pick , pan is 2 dollars and the pale is 1 dollar .
va	NN	Confusion then hope were as overwhelming as his response .
va	NN	" Body and soul are different .
va	NN	The sales assistant must have given Kim the pink dress .
va	NNS	Weary walkers trudged the last few kilometres to their bus , longing for a hot bath or at least somewhere to sit .
va	NNS	The quietness bothered him more than it had the first time .
va	NNS	There are beds -- actual beds -- on another floor of the Blue Tower .
va	NNS	My findings were favorable .
va	NNS	The hardness in his face softened with amusement .
va	NN	A dark cloud had rolled in at dusk and Mother had spoken of a storm brewing .
va	NN	" Darkness suits you . "
va	NN	The statement brought everything crashing back down on him that he had forgotten in the shock of seeing the two Exiles enter his cell .
va	NNS	Even her original instructions had been vague , along the lines of ' make this place better ' .
va	NN	Unfortunately , this new virus also turned out to be a false alarm .
va	NNS	Leaves rustled , and the Mississippi night hummed low .
va	NN	This talent , and the ability to sense when a gate is near , appears to be instinctive .
va	NN	The foyer boasted a high ceiling and the walls on each side held an ornate opening that revealed the massive rooms beyond .
va	NNS	Several crumbs of stone had rolled off the walls of the castle and fallen down below .
va	NN	The Order of Darkness are preparing to invade , and we won 't be able to stop them alone .
va	NN	There was definite chemistry between them and it seemed to be growing .
va	NNS	Arms flailing , he felt nothing but air , and he fell , almost in sync with her .
va	NNS	" There are daily flights to Auckland . "
va	NN	" Oh , god , Damien , please - " Her words faded as he thrust again , harder , penetrating deep into her core .
va	NN	My elbow connects with something hard .
va	NN	The vehicle 's acceleration wasn 't sparing .
va	NNS	Over time , the octopus had been wearing away the rock , the way that a sculptor chisels into stone .
va	NN	" ... sundown tomorrow , we 'll have the castle surrounded ! "
va	NNS	The wounds were even worse up close .
va	NNS	But if she noticed Joey 's absence from that segment was conspicuous , the viewers must have as well .
va	NN	The impact site still steams heat , though the days of sporadic rain have cooled it enough to make it safe for human passage .
va	NN	Amber 's gut twisted .
va	NN	The faster you paint watercolours , the more fluid , if I can make a pun , the painting looks .
va	NN	A pang went through Ben 's heart .
va	NNS	The generals were more practical .
va	NNS	Quiet gasps went throughout the room .
va	NN	There was still the possibility that this was all subterfuge .
va	NN	" The statue he sold to the Americans was only a replica . "
va	NN	And the drug accusation ... okay , so I went to a party with a few friends and came home wasted .
va	NNS	The delegates simmered down as Paul stood up and walked to the head of the table .
va	NNS	Once all the women in England are equipped with corsets old Adolf won 't stand a chance . '
va	NN	A gunshot rang out , cracking through the nighttime silence .
va	NN	She sighed softly , touched his hair with a fingertip , her heart melting at the sight of him , so vulnerable , like a little boy .
va	NNS	" Magical instruments , " Arlen answered , dropping into a large wooden chair by the table and gazing round her .
va	NNS	Were angels and humans really that different ?
va	NN	Whether she wore a perfume or body spray was unclear .
va	NNS	" There are two other local contractors , one in Perkins , the other one here in Stewart .
va	NN	Her creamy cunt gripped him snugly , and there was no other place he 'd rather be than inside her .
va	NN	But her quick examination of this Commandant Pierce gave her little to go on .
va	NNS	My slaves are diligent and efficient .
va	NN	" This vial - it was for you , wasn 't it ?
va	NN	Until she is happy once more , discontent will plague the earth .
va	NNS	If anything , the sudden stillness only scared Bryan more .
va	NN	The specialist would be on his way within the hour .
va	NNS	Strangely , the ever-present pins and needles I usually felt around Quinn seemed to dissipate the further we ventured into this topic .
va	NN	The person Skyler described didn 't match anything Morgan had done in the time she knew him .
va	NNS	Twin skid marks scarred the gray asphalt .
va	NNS	" The agents actually do clean carpeting ? "
va	NNS	There were several customers waiting behind me and they could hear every words of my conversation .
va	NNS	There was some similarities to Bri 's wedding though .
va	NNS	The nearby brightness made it hard to see Ansel 's face .
va	NN	The cook had sent her off . "
va	NNS	Various sets of eyes all turned and fastened on Romeo .
va	NNS	" Where are your manners ? "
va	NN	" Their pet project . "
va	NN	Only one incident marred their glittering season in Monte Carlo .
va	NN	" The perfume , " he said without warning .
va	NN	The bay mare stumbles but doesn 't lose her footing .
va	NNS	With knives , the two best choices for a kill shot at this distance are the throat or the eye .
va	NNS	Their farewells were short .
va	NNS	Both dogs stood at attention , and she hurled it across the run .
va	NN	The exhaustion , both mental and physical set in and soon I slipped into unconsciousness .
va	NN	The tiger roared , kicked him off , took his head in her jaws and brought them together like a vice .
va	NN	" And there 's a big star on the entrance to city hall .
va	NN	Once bitten , the virus spreads throughout the human body .
va	NNS	Max 's fists reappeared but Johnny struck with the same kick to the same leg .
va	NNS	Rubber bands were small , useful items and were a perk that came with placing an order .
va	NN	4 Arriving at Remus started off uneventfully .
va	NN	Tench recognized the accent as one used by the Africans who guarded the compound , a kind of British tone .
va	NNS	The unicorns had emerged and were dueling before the marshal , wrestling in a melee of legs and hocks and hooves and horns .
va	NN	A muscle ticked in his jaw as she blew warm air over him .
va	NN	There was a whole buffet on the table .
va	NNS	Maybe all these new patterns and activities were having some kind of cumulative effect .
va	NN	' Where is your torment ?
va	NN	The intensity in his eyes made the hair on my neck stand on end .
va	NNS	" I assumed as much , or none of you would have acquiesced to her request for this clandestine meeting , however desperate her circumstances .
va	NN	As I read the titles , a shiver ran down my spine .
va	NNS	Her pink toenails call to me like candy .
va	NN	The main greenhouse was magnificent .
va	NNS	Ellison 's pale hair had gleamed in the moonlight , his big fists clenched , his eyes wolf white .
va	NN	He lifted his chin , the softness in his eyes disappeared .
va	NN	The henchman grinned eagerly and strode forward .
va	NNS	The other officers glanced at him .
va	NNS	Bullets tore into his chest .
va	NNS	The dogs whined anxiously .
va	NN	In training sessions , on work crews , in living quarters , there was always strict separation of the sexes , at least in his region .
va	NNS	Eyes of deep brown , eyes so familiar and yet so foreign , met mine .
va	NN	A foreboding cloud of gloom rolled through the pit of Dean 's stomach .
va	NN	Fear was my life at the moment .
va	NNS	Iron tablets sufficed , and we had become slightly more civilised as a result .
va	NNS	( Granted , these events are real silliness that actually happened to me , but that doesn 't stop them from being silly . )
va	NNS	There were shelves after shelves filled with towels and some weird medical equipment .
va	NNS	In the desolate silence , my voice echoes back as the walls close in on me .
va	NNS	Sharp , icy snowflakes bite my exposed skin .
va	NNS	Hades was about a month away from passing by Jupiter .
va	NN	His proximity messed with her head , making her slightly dizzy .
va	NN	" There was a shooting last night by the Eiffel .
va	NN	" So how 's jury service ? "
va	NNS	The guests saw a woman young in form and in heart , but not in experience or in years .
va	NN	The site resembled an anthill , crawling with workmen bringing the building to a scratch .
va	NN	The cigarette she pinched between her thumb and middle finger noticeably shook in her grasp .
va	NN	The candle flame on the dresser winked out .
va	NN	The buzzing vibration in my head was once again declaring danger .
va	NNS	All their forces are on alert . "
va	NN	Every planet and every world whose citizens sought refuge at the inns had sworn to conceal their existence and that of the innkeepers .
va	NN	Somebody compatible and reasonable and perfectly suitable , not just someone who made my heart beat faster every time I saw him .
va	NNS	Atticus and I looked at each other .
va	NN	' When he drinks , this lad here gets the nasty result .
va	NN	Eric 's snarl rumbled through the trailer .
va	NNS	Huge fangs filled its maw .
va	NN	" Does m ' lord want a feather bed ? "
va	NNS	Hundreds of thousands of clone women and thousands of their bipedal main battle tanks marched through the steep , winding valleys to the south .
va	NNS	Tears filling her eyes , and she gasped , clutching her mother 's necklace .
va	NN	Let 's parade Maddox 's human around town , using their Bait as our Bait .
va	NNS	The folks down at the Chevron station said it blew a radiator hose . "
va	NNS	Creatures of the light , such as yours truly , have an aura of blue and white light .
va	NN	The warehouse housed nothing but a tan military Hummer and at least a dozen tall wooden crates .
va	NN	The chicken was wearing a baseball cap .
va	NNS	There were no chairs in the small room , but two tall bookshelves covered all but a small corner of the wall behind the computer monitors .
va	NNS	After about twenty minutes all four lanes of the freeway came to a crawl .
va	NNS	" Men don 't get it .
va	NN	So , the Iron fey are a little more modern . "
va	NNS	I leafed through the rest of the journal , all the pages were blank .
va	NN	The outcome of this meeting was more important than any that had come before it .
va	NN	A plain silver chain and locket adorned her neck .
va	NNS	Matthias bought only the premium gourmet blends , and he drank only in the morning .
va	NNS	The throbs of the unseen force continued , a small vibration in his skull .
va	NNS	Their mouths moved together in a frantic collision of gliding tongues and subtle moans .
va	NNS	As Marika crept toward him , more buzzing rose out of the darkness .
va	NN	His c * ck was nigh to bursting .
va	NN	Saga pulled up his guard .
va	NN	There was a chain pharmacy in Bartley , too .
va	NNS	The players were already warming up , running up and down the field .
va	NNS	Men like him are very perceptive . "
va	NNS	Cass could have gotten away , but she stayed with Xavier . "
va	NN	Our nation has reached a tipping point in our natural resources .
va	NNS	The wires finally snapped at lunch .
va	NNS	Two blue sapphire earrings dangled from her ears as she stared down at him .
va	NNS	His fangs had dropped and he looked terrifying , so unlike the sweet Lukas I knew .
va	NN	The weather had probably helped .
va	NN	" My perspective has changed , even if the promise I made hasn 't .
va	NNS	' My gods , it 's you !
va	NNS	As factory after factory closed its gates , the management survivors crowded on to those remaining like sailors on the desperate Atlantic wartime convoys of merchant shipping .
va	NNS	And predators like to fuck . "
va	NN	But it 's like free labour for the guys running it , given I 'm signing on . '
va	NNS	Given the restlessness of the Colonials at the time , gifts such as these were becoming more and more prevalent .
va	NNS	But the noises woke me all too soon .
va	NN	" Not everyone is strong , Shea , " Raven counseled gently .
va	NN	The reporter called for her , but she couldn 't turn back .
va	NNS	The next day police officers came to talk to Teddy .
va	NN	There was no satisfaction in the answer Thomas gave .
va	NNS	Those events in short that make a difference somehow because they are out of context , are the significant ones to us in science .
va	NN	" Meanwhile Fury was going through the same thing in reverse . "
va	NN	Talk to Ebenezer Scrooge , Marley 's partner , the man who would now own Scrooge and Marley , Incorporated .
va	NN	But the prospect was hardly tantalizing .
va	NN	Set up in the middle of nowhere , the checkpoint consisted of a line of soldiers .
va	NN	The moonlight fell on the mountains .
va	NN	There was a driving yell , the stifling of roars , snapping of jaws and the clinking draw of the chain .
va	NN	The fog illuminates itself like a lantern as it fills in the landscape around us .
va	NNS	The embers sway about and turn to grey ash as they expend their energy and fall to the floor .
va	NNS	The pavement cracks , and pebbles crisscross the path in zigzagging lines .
va	NN	" The birds are chirping , " her visitor suddenly remarked , wide-eyed .
va	NN	The red-haired waitress gave me a weird look before shrugging and walking away .
va	NNS	If Priam is correct about Dacian involvement , the implications are vast .
va	NNS	A hundred retorts sprang to her lips , but she fought them back with an effort .
va	NNS	Tears filled my eyes and the stars blurred , forming streaks of light across the darkness .
va	NNS	Being of Asian descent , there were high expectations , sometimes too high .
va	NNS	Men , women and children huddled in smaller and smaller numbers as the army of the dead recruited them into its ranks against their will .
va	NNS	The doctors at the center were preparing to operate on you when Marius barged in . "
va	NN	The fruit trader stood by his side , defiant now .
va	NNS	There were two more officers at the corner of the first stair platform peeking around corners with their guns drawn .
va	NNS	Biker Boy 's long lashes fluttered like he 'd come out of a trance .
va	NNS	Ferris grunted , breaking into Brody 's memory .
va	NNS	The hunters he 'd killed he 'd just savaged .
va	NN	" The maker is gon na judge you just how he wants to judge you .
va	NNS	The crowds were thinner on the broad , public street .
va	NNS	The lawyers ' faces all blurred , same as Monday through Friday .
va	NNS	Our numbers are far greater than yours .
va	NN	My appearance worked well for me at times .
va	NN	" Welcome to the world , your lordship , " the midwife said .
va	NNS	In piteous unison , the brats echoed that single word .
va	NN	The surge of power I felt earlier at the club started to tingle again in my chest .
va	NNS	By midday , all but the most persistent mosquitoes had retreated from the heat and the men could finally sleep in relative peace .
va	NNS	Dumb accidents and coincidences kept ruining things , but I couldn 't let that go on .
va	NNS	Tears filled my eyes .
va	NNS	Books cascaded down on top of them .
va	NN	18 Dinner was over in a blur of warm food , beer and very little conversation .
va	NN	The end product of that business was really secondary .
va	NNS	" There 's no empty tables . "
va	NNS	Tears burned my eyes as an endless gulf of hopelessness ripped open .
va	NN	Spending another night in the jungle sounded less dangerous .
va	NNS	' Are you telling me there are elephants rampaging around Zanzibar , even in the town ? '
va	NN	Is all the Emperor said .
va	NNS	Two queen beds sat side by side , separated by a nightstand .
va	NNS	Now , only a few small patches of yellowish lumber and plywood peeked through here and there revealing the repairs .
va	NN	Besides , Dane wouldn 't let me go anyway .
va	NN	u seem to be near the same age as me .
va	NNS	" The bats are restless . "
va	NNS	" We will not stand such allegations , " both delegates began to resemble ripened tomatoes in colour .
va	NN	The turtle is the only reptile that has a shell . "
va	NNS	Scientists get their say ; then people believe what they will .
va	NNS	Books and more open files laid scattered across the filing cabinets on the back wall .
va	NNS	A dozen long tables defined the space in two rows with stout benches on either side as the only seats .
va	NN	" Help , " cried the reporter , his voice so weak the plea sounded like a question .
va	NNS	The locker room 's showers keep the air humid ; I can almost feel the warm water on my shoulders .
va	NNS	" The tides can sometimes be very dangerous at those beaches that seem to be the most peaceful and pretty .
va	NN	An unpleasant odor emanated from a clothes washer and dryer just beside the back door .
va	NN	The fancy carriage had stopped , and the beautiful ones were already outside , waiting .
va	NN	Michael 's patient , meanwhile , had taken a turn for the worst , which necessitated Michael 's attendance for the rest of New Year 's Day .
va	NNS	" Mom , ghosts jobs are nothing .
va	NN	At the east doors , a butler is waiting for us .
va	NNS	The bell rings as the last few stragglers file in .
va	NNS	The balloons were mostly James ' idea .
va	NN	Faced with murdering strangers or being murdered by strangers , cowardice seemed a sensible option in this war .
va	NNS	" Religious truths are my particular specialty . "
va	NN	" And our perimeter 's full of holes .
va	NNS	" The cuts , " Butters said .
va	NN	We can utilize these books to establish property titles , " the president posited .
va	NN	The frame would have slowed the spread of glass .
va	NN	Not far away was a small lagoon edged in stones .
va	NN	Slowly the glimmer of the fog weakens .
va	NN	0.001 % was the number that flashed on the screen .
va	NN	The swell grew and grew , and soon my entire body was heaving .
va	NN	Any resemblance to actual persons , living or dead , events , or locales is entirely coincidental .
va	NN	The countertop radio squealed and cut the air with blasts of static .
va	NN	Your ticket will expire in five months . "
va	NNS	But there were only eleven in Cassie 's coven ; the Circle wasn 't complete .
va	NN	The gnome didn 't understand .
va	NN	The scraggly bushes and tal weeds swayed in the cool breeze .
va	NNS	There were boxes and sleeping rolls strewn around .
va	NN	A low toned whoosh noise preceded the opening of the apartment door .
va	NNS	Perhaps the gods could have been kinder in creating you female . "
va	NNS	Nikolas looked back to the theater .
va	NN	The heavy artillery was here and all would be well .
va	NNS	My eyes traced the maze of pipes and beams that made up the ceiling , all the messy guts shoved together .
va	NN	His arousal was swift and hard , accompanied by a punishing ache that wouldn 't quite leave him even when he was away from her .
va	NNS	Then the work tables are less than two yards from the forge pit , and they 're made of wood .
va	NN	The mutant organ might not be all human , but it didn 't stop her from falling in love with this man .
va	NNS	The doctors quickly signed Jackson out .
va	NNS	His cuffs were a bit damp from his efforts to scrub them clean , but they showed a definite improvement as well .
va	NNS	Scientists recognize this phenomenon as having originated in our chimp relatives .
va	NN	" No , your Majesty , I don 't think so , " Javelin replied .
va	NN	Their lightning-fast , redundant security program could close any hole before a hacker could access information .
va	NN	My strategy was to live simply and believe in myself .
va	NNS	" Not all my tricks , " a voice from behind her said .
va	NNS	The painkillers weren 't helping .
va	NNS	Fifteen yards ahead of them Nikolas could make out an opening to some kind of chamber .
va	NN	His rangy frame , of course , drew everyone 's attention .
va	NNS	The sadness in his voice makes me climb slower .
va	NNS	Venomous fangs sank into his neck , and he staggered , creating a dangerous breach in the line of shields .
va	NNS	Brass buttons and a gold belt buckle had survived , but little remained of the trousers and jacket beyond shreds , leather straps , and a belt .
va	NN	Neil 's helmet muffled some of the crowd 's screaming , but his ears were still ringing when he followed the Foxes onto the court .
va	NNS	The bell rings and the students begin to file out .
va	NN	Every nerve ending has come to life , making me painfully , horribly aware .
va	NN	And before I even had time to react , fog was swirling all around me .
va	NN	Their cries held an anguish I was beginning to feel myself as I watched all the doors across the all the buildings slide open at once .
va	NN	On the ground , her father 's manager stated that she had flown well and that she should look into flying in a few years ' time .
va	NNS	Her gestures are perfect , impassioned restraint ; she 's taken classes in body language .
va	NN	The boardwalk , which runs beside much of the area 's white sandy beach , begins at the eastern part of Brighton .
va	NNS	The castle rings about our ears , hurrying the sunlight to its foundations down the granite shafts of its minarets .
va	NNS	The files gone and I asked you to come here . "
va	NN	My wisdom tooth was killing me , so she pulled it .
va	NNS	Beads of sweat ran down my cheek ; the hot , muggy air was uncomfortable even with the little that I wore .
va	NN	A white-hot pang blistered through his chest .
va	NNS	But futures change depending on the actions of the present .
va	NNS	" Yeah , if the old man don 't get me , the monsters from the deep might . "
va	NNS	" There are Indian graves along the northern shore .
va	NNS	The uncontrollable spasms went on for even longer than normal .
va	NNS	There were no tourists out yet though .
va	NN	" My goodness , it 's hot . "
va	NN	Just thinking about it causes a few spiky hairs to emerge along the back of Liam 's neck .
va	NNS	" Men being men , then ? "
va	NN	Hidden beneath the ruins , there was another unknown passage .
va	NNS	Ian said , fists clenched at his sides .
va	NNS	' Red Eyes never leave prisoners alive . '
va	NN	" On Earth , humanity was stagnating .
va	NNS	His stripes felt hot and black as pitch .
va	NN	A large white envelope was waiting for me in the mailbox .
va	NNS	Hopefully no other gods showed up , dishing out some good old god wrath .
va	NNS	All the monsters know . "
va	NNS	The noisy crowds of the restless birds stopped disturbing him .
va	NN	The stock of firewood would last for a couple days , but David was going to have to cut more soon .
va	NN	A string of Spanish poured from him , words she didn 't understand .
va	NNS	Your intentions are always so good .
va	NN	There was no contempt or disgust or feelings of any kind that Jaxon could detect .
va	NN	The detective didn 't try to stop the doors from closing , nor did he take his eyes off mine .
va	NN	The responsibility was all on her shoulders .
va	NNS	And gods help her , the contradictions fascinated her .
va	NN	Oh , lord , the temptation she was inadvertently offering him .
va	NN	" My Elaine is dead .
va	NN	The screech turned both their heads in the direction of the smiling blonde bouncing towards them .
va	NNS	Men cheered to the side as one of them drank three mugs , one after another .
va	NN	There is no clue I could reveal to help you . "
va	NNS	The cuts were white bands of stickiness , soon to be more scars .
va	NNS	Their guardian angels weep ; demons beholding them dance for joy .
va	NNS	The ships moved towards his dwindling gaze like rain coming down on the light 's early dawn .
va	NN	The Queen nodded , very slowly .
va	NN	The wheelchair turned slowly when he entered the room .
va	NNS	More goods were arriving .
va	NNS	Hundreds of little conventions that people needed in order to stereotype social interaction - take away any of them , and you produce unbearable anxiety .
va	NN	This society would probably use gems for anything and everything including their electronics , energy generation , and perhaps even food replication .
va	NN	Drinking , licking , suckling .
va	NNS	The fierce brightness of it tinged all of Alice 's vision with yellow .
va	NNS	Temper tantrums seem to run in your family .
va	NNS	These youthful student bands set fashion ; they didn 't follow it .
va	NN	The apology was sincere , no doubt about it , though there was still an angry twist to his features .
va	NN	He stood six feet away , a pistol held close to his chest and aimed at me .
va	NNS	When planted , these seeds would communicate to the rest of the garden the unique hereditary needs of the family .
va	NNS	Her breaths came easier and slower with each familiar constellation she found .
va	NN	Any resemblance to actual persons , living or dead , or to actual events or locales is entirely coincidental .
va	NNS	" So much sadness happened in the meantime .
va	NNS	And the customers in Taki 's cafe shrank back from Alec , from angelic power revealed in a sudden blaze of fury .
va	NNS	More birds landed and it seemed as if the whole sanctuary was encircling us , the beaks and eyes of all the birds quiet and staring .
va	NNS	There are maybe fifty guests tops , consisting of her friends and family .
va	NNS	Instead of Superman decor , blue streamers looped through the rafters of the gym to look like sky .
va	NN	The gallery is noisy , as they move toward the exit and discuss their opinions .
va	NN	The television was on , the volume turned up loud .
va	NN	Is our Russian cook a unicorn ?
va	NNS	Tears of frustration burn behind my eyes .
va	NNS	Both sets of eyelids blinked in rapid succession and joy filled my heart .
va	NNS	Men began to gear up , gathering weapons .
va	NNS	However , these precautions didn 't mean she couldn 't come back and see through them in a second .
va	NN	His council had butted heads with him on more than one occasion - and they 'd lost .
va	NNS	Her eyelashes lay like dark fans upon her cheeks .
va	NN	The tune was something new , bright and fast ; very different from the calming song that helped them befriend the big yellow cat .
va	NNS	Tears started to flow more steadily from her eyes as he pushed Olivia 's skirt up .
va	NNS	The shapes told a story of the evolution of intelligence , though if any specific event was meant to be portrayed , he did not see it .
va	NNS	Where were the other patients ?
va	NNS	Right now the guests are enjoying their dessert : five women I acquired from the Philippines .
va	NN	" Your nephew makes jewelry ? "
va	NNS	The fishermen were another breed .
va	NNS	After a quick glance at their cards , the players placed their bets .
va	NNS	The glimpses he caught through windows showed that day was surrendering to night .
va	NNS	But doctors cap be wrong ... They 're wrong all the time .
va	NNS	The daisies were blooming ; gold fish were swimming around in crystal clear water .
va	NNS	The roses swayed softly in the gentle breeze , lending their fragrance to nature 's heady perfume .
va	NN	There was only one possibility .
va	NNS	Behind the hostel the gardens stretched down the hillside .
va	NN	The constable walked down the corridor .
va	NN	" That cake you 're baking in your oven isn 't mine . "
va	NNS	The disciples asked him why .
va	NN	Cypress trees hug the windswept bluffs , gulls cry , the spray shoots out like sparkling jewels as each wave crests and breaks toward the shore .
va	NNS	There were no cheerleaders , and he had cursed Arnie many times for that lie .
va	NNS	And our interests are really different .
va	NN	" Where is everybody ? "
va	NNS	The tops of upholstered seats appeared at the corners of his eyes .
va	NNS	The second and third games were a little more challenging than the first but they won and once again they played for the state championship .
va	NNS	A few faint wrinkles crossed his large forehead , and there were tiny crow 's - feet at the edges of his eyes .
va	NN	But did anybody appreciate her ?
va	NN	The landscaping was exceptionally nice considering a bunch of guys lived here .
va	NN	The director inhaled a long , deep breath .
va	NNS	The cops closed in on Daniel .
va	NNS	Men circulate through the room .
va	NNS	There were new wounds over his arms and hands , where the skin had blackened along the openings , looking burned and dead .
va	NNS	Two dogs trotted back and forth in a cage not far from the Enlightenment Hall .
va	NN	The plastic vial nailed her in the shoulder .
va	NN	Your mother 's disappearance forced him to expose his position .
va	NN	' Beta ' asked whilst closely staring at Simon fighting his way up the street .
va	NN	When he got to the clinic there was a long black Cadillac parked at the front door .
va	NN	Perry 's height , but built like a mountain , his eyebrows pierced with metal studs .
va	NN	A blizzard blew around my mind , followed by a raging inferno , like hot lava from an exploded volcano .
va	NNS	" Wouldn 't it be an incredible coincidence ... " The nods and winks were excessive , if not annoying .
va	NN	A tingling started on my lips and skidded under my skin .
va	NN	' But a senior citizen and a slip of a girl ? '
va	NNS	There were golden lilies everywhere .
va	NNS	His pilot wife 's huffing breaths grew whiter , faster , fuller .
va	NNS	There are riders on our side of the hill . "
va	NN	His helmet was still on his head .
va	NN	Your skill is in your head , in the way you look at the world and see the things other men miss .
va	NN	On the bank was a considerable town , with fields stretching away from the river .
va	NNS	The last remnants of sunlight crept through the thick trees , elongating the shadows of the forest .
va	NNS	The steeds ' flanks glistened with sweat , their eyes were wide and wild , and their bits were crusted with spittle and foam .
va	NN	" Talk to me , Bear , " I said .
va	NN	A shudder ran up his spine with beads of sweat trickling from under his hat brim .
va	NN	His skill with carpentry was just as wonderful , no matter how self-deprecating he remained at his work .
va	NN	The pirate by the airlock rocked on his feet and looked as shocked .
va	NN	Former military from different branches , all special division Black Ops types .
va	NN	A dark , reddish smudge shown faintly under the shifting lamplight on the toe of the man 's right shoe .
va	NN	The reporter had started all kinds of speculation , and as a result Kitsap County seemed to be alive with rumors , some of them pretty ridiculous .
va	NNS	All the sights and smells helped to dull the nerves and I relaxed as we turned to the dining room .
va	NNS	And after they were unexpectedly blessed with a pleasant , warm evening , the fellows invited the girls for a boat ride .
va	NN	A shiver grew up my spine and I could not shake the feeling that more than just a car had been approaching .
va	NN	Another lesson I could give PA. .
va	NNS	There just weren 't that many jobs demanding artists and certainly not ones that needed people with incomplete art degrees .
va	NN	Somebody had obviously used the cinderblock for that purpose before so I grabbed it to prop the door open .
va	NN	" Anything sore ? "
va	NN	A mechanical drone built .
va	NNS	" Can bats get wet ? "
va	NNS	" Apple crates and camera angles , " Rhys said .
va	NN	The star had fallen .
va	NN	With the right parts , a radio receiver can be pretty easy to make .
va	NN	The she-wolf snarled again .
va	NN	" The new owner wants him delivered tonight . "
va	NN	My tolerance had reached its limit .
va	NNS	His toes were dirty , and the nail of the big toe had turned black .
va	NN	Anybody tries to talk they just going to get shot at .
va	NNS	The long black tables took on ominous shapes in the dark and everyday objects looked like men with their arms raised , ready to attack me .
va	NN	The door clicked closed and the lab was thankfully silent .
va	NN	The rock formation rose out of the brush in the moonlight like an ancient ruin in the jungles of Cambodia or the Yucatan .
va	NN	Turn about is fair play , so when she passed forty , Clarice began a habit of dating young virile men , mostly athletes or actors .
va	NN	My yearning for blood and love slowly begins to ebb .
va	NNS	Silver rings flashed on both their fingers .
va	NNS	The bell rings and I 'm out the door before my fellow students have left their chairs .
va	NN	However , my gut told me Cam was a good guy .
va	NNS	" The gods are not the cruel monsters I imagined .
va	NN	His confession that he loved me like I loved him made me feel right in a way I didn 't know how to describe .
va	NN	For himself , the failure was greater than just a building or the children .
va	NNS	Rabid beasts had better self-control than the fury that flashed in his eyes .
va	NN	The emotional overload from the last few days fil ed her chest .
va	NN	Her capacity for mind control is staggering , as we both found out . "
va	NNS	But there was a definite sadness to it also .
va	NN	His fiancée was sitting in front of her sewing machine with her head down and the machine whirling away .
va	NN	" Come on , filth , " he hauled Dexter Beesley from the chair he 'd sat in for questioning .
va	NNS	A dozen metallic ribbons of writhing hair lashed across the room .
va	NN	Another skill that can come from Witches is necromancy .
va	NN	The entire valley for ten square miles included the house and all mineral rights , and even had a few trees around it .
va	NN	The library should be the most comfortable for you . "
va	NN	A muscle in his jaw twitched .
va	NNS	The crops needed weeding and the CSA boxes needed to be assembled .
va	NNS	Something Rhys was obviously picking up on , because he softened even more and asked , " Are you in some kind of trouble ? "
va	NNS	Bodies haphazardly piled nearby .
va	NN	Even the bartender seemed to enjoy watching them .
va	NNS	" Well folks tend to rationalize blowing things out of proportion or tellin ' a little white lie ?
va	NNS	Any similarities to any persons living or deceased or actual places inside or outside this book is pure coincidence and not intentional .
va	NN	The kelp brought him a vision then of a bearded carpenter named Noah .
va	NN	" Your bunny slippers ? "
va	NNS	Its encrypted irises are for my eyes only .
va	NN	The result was that the uncle felt himself called on to interfere ; his duty was to guide his niece in a momentous crisis of this kind .
va	NNS	Even in their small form , the giants ate a lot .
va	NNS	Tears burned Hester 's eyes , then wet the bodice of Jess 's gown .
va	NN	" The mall , " Matthew directed the driver and slipped in beside Stephanie .
va	NNS	A few minutes later , all their doubts and fears vanished .
va	NNS	Some knelt facing the source of the rumble , foreheads pressed against the soil .
va	NNS	Dante stepped back , palms raised .
va	NNS	Luckily the cuts aren 't too deep , and I help James clean and cover them with a bandage and a long-sleeved shirt .
va	NNS	My head inclines opposite his and the moment I close my eyes , his mouth brushes mine .
va	NNS	Two bulls were sitting atop a hill , staring down at a mess of pretty cows .
va	NNS	Tears filled her eyes , and he knew part of the reason was because he wasn 't letting her get involved .
va	NN	A spray of blood shot across the room as his hand exploded like a smashed pumpkin and the remaining half of the tree was rocked backward .
va	NN	" Liz , " I snapped , " protocol says that we 're supposed to report any suspicious activity to the security department immediately !
va	NNS	The folks in town had whispered about it .
va	NNS	Cronus began shaking his head .
va	NN	" A Blood triangle always has a fourth side . "
va	NN	His statement created butterflies in her stomach .
va	NNS	" The bats are beginning to get very nervous .
va	NNS	Men , much older and wiser , have searched for the Cup for hundreds of years , which probably doesn 't exist !
va	NNS	When families merge , their companies do , too .
va	NNS	As far as I know prisoners are still responsible for making the signs so the labor cost should be pretty minimal .
va	NN	" The lake is north , far north .
va	NN	" Every witch must discover her powers on her own .
va	NNS	Tears blurred my vision , all the fear and heartache of the past few days rising to the surface .
va	NNS	The metallic ships they called ' pods ' were the only way to reach the moon , and the only way off of it as well .
va	NN	That gnome may have been able to beat me or you , but not the two of us together .
va	NN	Ten wolf shifters followed after their leader , the species solidarity wasn 't surprising .
va	NNS	Its hooves drag circles in the sand .
va	NNS	In the kitchen there were only plain packages simply labeled with their contents in the cupboards , but no branding .
va	NN	The swashbuckling pirate I 'd wanted was retreating over the waves , and I didn 't know why .
va	NN	" Oh , honey , there 's no shame in taking care of you .
va	NNS	Steadily the sailors pulled them in .
va	NN	My grade point average was 3.9 .
va	NNS	Above them , spiderweb cracks appeared in the snow and began to widen .
va	NNS	Men didn 't get better than Gil .
va	NNS	Agnes held Dreamer tightly , whispering into her ear as he spoke .
va	NN	The jewel seemed to glow as it caught and reflected the light that came tumbling down with the falling water .
va	NN	The teen had removed al his piercings except his left earring .
va	NN	From the far end of the veranda , a gust of wind sent the head of the staff rolling in her direction .
va	NNS	Still , her down-to-earth charms have kept him close for this long .
va	NNS	After the kelp slapped the deadly thing and plucked it apart , Flattery 's slaves came with cutters and burners to amputate the kelp back to infancy .
va	NN	That service has been the most distinct and greatest honor of my life .
va	NN	" A high explosive , sir , in a casing with suction surfaces , " the crew chief said .
va	NN	The next instant Hal was turning to her , taking her with a rough urgency that demanded a total surrender from her .
va	NNS	" Guys like me don 't get girls like you ... " " Girls like me ? "
va	NNS	" The doctors say I would have a difficult time conceiving in the usual way . "
va	NNS	His big toes twitched a ' Hello ' .
va	NN	The gesture earned a snicker from the creature .
va	NNS	" Figures the day you 're late to arrive is the day we 've all got the Courtyard down as our first stop . "
va	NNS	The cops stand either side of me as we make our way to the car .
va	NNS	Even without all that , the principles set forth , especially by Jesus Christ and his apostles , were turning his world upside down .
va	NNS	Head wounds always bled more than average .
va	NNS	The balloons were totally blocking their view .
va	NN	' Who 's your manager ? '
va	NN	The Sun 's circulation has gone down every year for the past five years . "
va	NN	His outfit was black , but was lacking in the shine department .
va	NN	The weather was warm and the night was beautiful and the acoustics in the outdoor stadium were amazing .
va	NNS	From the beams , hanging baskets overflowed with ferns and colorful flowers .
va	NN	" Maybe that quest has its roots in this legend .
va	NNS	" The snakes injected venom into my friend .
va	NN	The first link was for a secret society that had reportedly assassinated Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria in 1914 , catapulting the world into World War I .
va	NN	Beast is walking behind us and it 's so quiet out here that I can hear his tail cutting through the air .
va	NNS	Tears now coursed down my cheeks .
va	NNS	The pages were there in front of her , casting their hypnotic spell on her .
va	NN	Their freedom , if you see fit to grant it to them .
va	NN	The glimmer of jagged glass caught my eye and I was drawn to it .
va	NN	The specialist had instructed Carol to stay perfectly still for forty-eight hours .
va	NN	Her tour manager looked between Nicola and Marcus , then nodded her approval .
va	NNS	Crimson patches of fading sun colored the surface .
va	NN	" Okay , so the short version is this .
va	NN	The professor pursed his lips .
va	NNS	The dogs start growling and barking with frenzy .
va	NNS	The Gods will not be so forgiving this time .
va	NNS	After what felt like half an hour of walking , the little tree houses were becoming fewer and fewer and being replaced by the larger constructions .
va	NNS	My traitorous irises were now streaming like Niagara .
va	NN	This unfair resentment had rather a hardening effect on Gwendolen , and made her defiant .
va	NN	The fog blew around the room and she inhaled the scent of sweet incense that made her head feel fuzzy .
va	NN	Anything could have been waiting in there .
va	NN	When you 're angry or threatened , the armor expands to cover vulnerable areas .
va	NN	The Driver signed off on the load and trudged up the stairs to the second level .
va	NNS	And the gods would be greatly pissed . "
va	NN	His only crime had been his silence , and he 'd already explained that was simply his way .
va	NNS	Cronus bowed and said , " As you wish , lord . "
va	NNS	Hours had passed , and the daylight was growing short .
va	NN	The old lawyer looked up at her , followed her stare to the couple making their way between the tables to the bar .
va	NN	The manager said five pounds a week and McBride thought that was very generous of him and agreed .
va	NN	" To the Men 's Personal . "
va	NN	A shiver went down her spine .
va	NNS	As her blood teased his lips , Seth 's good intentions flew out the proverbial window .
va	NN	The woodwork creaked comfortably .
va	NN	The Queen stood alone , in her ornate armor , sword drawn and ready .
va	NNS	But her genetics were stellar , wherever their origins .
va	NN	The project manager stepped up behind Ned .
va	NNS	Not that her hormones seemed to care one bit what she wanted .
va	NNS	The owners had strung pepper lights around the edge of the roof and on the supporting poles , no doubt to ring in the Christmas season .
va	NN	But the young man speaks again and Lennox looks at him , sees the malicious smirk on his face .
va	NNS	Men and women rushed in , listening to the brief as they donned fireproof gear .
va	NNS	The doctors were confident he would be walking without crutches again .
va	NNS	The hairs on the back of her neck immediately stood on end .
va	NN	The pansy display helped tamp down the jealousy just a bit .
va	NNS	Their rifles were either on their backs or on their waists .
va	NN	Newton 's Third Law of Physics said that for every action , there 's an equal and opposite reaction .
va	NN	Still , every seller has the right to know and every seller deserves friendliness and small talk .
va	NNS	The scouts would still fight when it came down to it .
va	NNS	Tears filled Della 's eyes .
va	NNS	Men who hit are bad men . "
va	NN	A terrible screech rent the air .
va	NN	This professor was very unlike her colleague .
va	NN	The last incident had been driving my father 's new Maserati into South Gate to drag my friend Gordon out of a meth house .
va	NN	Her perfume , a light , floral scent , teased him .
va	NN	Confusion creased her forehead , and her eyes narrowed as she made sense of the name .
va	NNS	" But ... six ships ... more than eighteen thousand people ... " " People ?
va	NN	her uncle Archibald asked .
va	NNS	Several sets of eyes settled on me .
va	NN	The cold aluminum of the floor was beginning to sink into my bones .
va	NNS	Of big , cleaved thugs yelling .
va	NNS	Tears started leaking from her eyes .
va	NN	The portal had literally stripped us of everything , including our clothing .
va	NN	One gallon of Kuwait crude , same as is leaking from the ' Torrey Canyon ' .
va	NN	My shell started to crumble .
va	NN	Brick 's knee-jerk comment covered any body language that may suggest they knew exactly where the Chancellor had gone , and who had took him .
va	NNS	Tears were now dripping from her eyes .
va	NN	And deep down , her gut told her that he needed her .
va	NNS	I saw inside his head , knew his intentions ?
va	NNS	Tears streamed down my cheeks , soaking the front of his tunic , as sadness for what I was now missing overwhelmed me .
va	NN	Fear wraps its icy fingers around my heart and squeezes .
va	NN	" No , his brother-in-law does .
va	NNS	Leaves rustled and the scent of jasmine drifted to him , filling his senses .
va	NNS	These folks got a stake in the building of the bridge . "
va	NN	Kathleen 's comment about the " ruckus " that would result if Annie were found snooping rose unbidden in her mind .
va	NN	The winged lion inhaled his first air , blinked , and folded his wings behind him .
va	NN	This one account lifted her onto a completely different level of success .
va	NNS	Hours had passed when they reached the bottom of the mountain .
va	NNS	The hostess loves me . "
va	NNS	His captors seemed to care little for his comfort .
va	NN	Good-bye , my dearest love .
va	NNS	Large , pink , dangling earrings fell from her delicate ears , bumping against the side of her neck every time she moved her head .
va	NNS	The hunters wanted me dead , but Aiden stopped them .
va	NN	In high altitude its silhouette is like a U.S. B-2 bomber , prowling the dark night seemed like looking for its prey .
va	NN	My lawyer will have this straightened out in no time . "
va	NNS	Initial findings suggest that the students accidentally drowned , and investigators said there were no indications of foul play .
va	NN	Her society knew well exactly how dangerous the condition was .
va	NNS	Uncle Adam , there 's no tomatoes in your salad and , Aunt Shana , no croutons on yours . "
va	NN	The robot was grinding up against the Minotaur while the Minotaur tried to get free from him .
va	NNS	Minos knocked his drink back and made a sound like the last gasp of a dying lizard .
va	NN	The group gathered round but , sensing that some sort of demonstration was forthcoming , there was a general reluctance to stand too close .
va	NN	Their drunken fumbling had turned into tender love-making ; and by morning , Evie realised that she wanted to be with him forever .
va	NNS	All her conversations seemed to last for hours .
va	NN	As if moving in slow motion , the flaming flare dropped from her hand and spun downward .
va	NNS	Beads of sweat began to form on her forehead .
va	NN	Pull over , " yelled the manager in the front seat to the driver .
va	NN	The detail was amazing .
va	NNS	There were baby food jars full of nails , a hammer close by .
va	NN	The lawyer was still soundly out of it , as evidenced by the drool gathering on his shirt front .
va	NN	" You can 't stand at all , dickhead , " Fury retorted .
va	NNS	The medics cut them off . "
va	NN	The mini robot reached out one extendible mini arm and turned a knob on the tube .
va	NNS	Cronus shrugged and asked , " Why ? "
va	NN	The undead are traveling in packs .
va	NN	The trucker stubbed his cigarette .
va	NN	Or maybe there was a whole new generation of trouble headed my way .
va	NN	The feud that was an obsession to his clansmen seemed meaningless to him .
va	NN	The lake was beautiful , as always .
va	NN	She peered at him through her lashes , a shy smile covering her face .
va	NNS	The three chairs for pilot , copilot , navigator .
va	NNS	" Then there are the executions for those who break the rules , mostly if they hunt .
va	NN	This hard man wannabe isn 't as good as he thinks he is .
va	NNS	The sleeves seem right and the shoes fit perfectly .
va	NNS	Good agents solved problems .
va	NN	" Somebody could step on it and get hurt . "
va	NN	Then a large branch swung slowly from above , descending , its shadow racing across the grass toward him .
va	NN	An ache formed in the back of my throat .
va	NNS	Exactly ten years ago truck bombs exploded out front -- " The assassin flicked the channel .
va	NN	The pirate raised his drink in mock salute .
va	NN	A single triangle of the clay pot had fractured , and lay beside a dusting of soil .
va	NN	A second crunch followed .
va	NNS	Flashes of light and smoke filled the air as gunfire exploded around us .
va	NN	The reporter turned around and looked to Sean .
va	NNS	Happiness bloomed inside her as she leaped to her feet .
va	NN	" The program presets certain strategies to help attain goals .
va	NN	The congregation chuckled in response .
va	NNS	" Tectonic plates come together and cause huge compressive forces that over time create mountain ranges . "
va	NNS	" The circumstances aren 't normal at all .
va	NNS	Secret Service agents led us into the oval office , the doors were closed and we were offered drinks .
va	NNS	The paramedics arrived and began where I left off .
va	NNS	Nova looked up and saw that with a few more rolls on the air , the fast moving birds looped up and out of sight .
va	NNS	But the monsters never stopped , until he finally decided to give up , to fall down , to play dead .
va	NN	The fountain once again rushed to the surface .
va	NN	The overhang was twenty feet away when a deep , resonating clang , the striking of a dynastic gong , spun her to the south .
va	NN	Right now , actually , the roster was pretty solid .
va	NN	Silent accord washed over the tense environment , as the person who had been called upon stood and began to speak .
va	NN	This entire valley holds enough deep air to awaken any power they might have . "
va	NN	The patter of Ivy 's sandals tapping across the pavement sends me into a panic .
va	NNS	The cops had a picture of the symbol .
va	NNS	The deep wrinkles on the woman 's face easily accommodated a smile .
va	NNS	The stamps are the candy .
va	NN	Another acceptable father task was being a couch anchor .
va	NNS	Guys like to fuck flash .
va	NN	Trevor 's ringtone reminded her of its location around one o ' clock that morning .
va	NNS	There were several heartbeats of silence before the girl forced herself to continue .
va	NNS	The doctors are trying to stabilize his medication to prevent it from happening again . "
va	NN	The teasing subsided to lingering grins and the occasional giggle .
va	NNS	Her breasts she would describe as perky with no sign of sagging , her stomach still flat ... . .
va	NN	The Order has left an escape .
va	NNS	* * * Below deck , the sailors crowded around a worn table , watching their Captain take on a burly sailor named Tiny .
va	NN	The result of her speech was phenomenal .
va	NNS	Seeing that she 's nervous , her cubs watch her carefully .
va	NNS	Spirits roused to shed the blood of the living ?
va	NN	" It was held once a year in the Great Hall , " the gunslinger went on .
va	NNS	The next several entries revealed the creatures , mostly unfriendly , came through a gateway that formed between two obsidian pillars near the volcanic core .
va	NNS	The hiss turned to a snarl , a cold , nasty sound , and then all Misty could feel was ice .
va	NNS	The hunters were closing tightly around him .
va	NNS	The massive rings thundered as they struck the ground .
va	NNS	Those ships are towing even smaller vessels .
va	NNS	Besides , the coals keep me warm . "
va	NNS	" Most doctors don 't even swear the Oath any more .
va	NN	Then the god would readily grant her what she asked for -- to get away from this land .
va	NNS	Chances were I 'd topple over if I ever tried to lace up some skates , so I lived vicariously through the players .
va	NNS	The blazing lanterns were completely invisible .
va	NN	Their next opponent was Bologna , traditionally a strong team that usually played in the Super Bowl .
va	NN	The handwriting was almost unrecognizable , swerving and dipping chaotically , as though the writer had scrawled the words with great haste .
va	NN	Darkness was still a few hours away , so kids were still playing outside .
va	NN	" The young witch before you , " Carmela pointed smugly .
va	NN	Maybe the stalker isn 't a man trying to hurt him ... maybe it 's a jealous woman .
va	NN	A bright orange orb glowed through the trunks up ahead at a distance , the dawn rising around the forest like a warm greeting .
va	NNS	That 's disgusting , " Rosie 's girlie tones piped in .
va	NNS	The monks in the monasteries had carved all the miracles of Saint Mary in wooden plates .
va	NN	" I am the sum of human knowledge , passed down from generation to generation , mother to daughter .
va	NN	The swell of his erection pressed against her thigh and the warmth of shared body heat was sweeter and hotter than the blazing fire he 'd created .
va	NN	Fear holds me in place .
va	NN	The whip of contempt in Tasha 's voice made Antonietta wince .
va	NN	The apparition didn 't move .
va	NNS	Those prissy sons of his went into battle the last go round .
va	NN	Not the first incident , " she read aloud .
va	NN	" What is a mage exactly ?
va	NN	The whole bunch trooped out amidst much talking of plans , provisions , and parts for each person .
va	NNS	THIS IS YOUR LIFE .
va	NNS	' The other players might 've known him .
va	NN	From the darkness his intuition seemed to tell him success would come via a different route .
va	NN	The lake had a lonely presence and Daniel suspected he was the first person to swim this water in a long time .
va	NN	The fog sweeps by my feet as I cut across the street .
va	NNS	" Maybe the dudes that do wouldn 't have done .
va	NNS	Unfortunately , both dogs had fallen asleep on the back seat , so he couldn 't be distracted with making sure they behaved .
va	NNS	" Privacy laws prevent me from giving you their names . "
va	NNS	Days was always helpful when you needed it , and would listen to you if you had any problems .
va	NN	A muscle twitched in his jaw .
va	NN	The dam holding back Lauren 's tears burst and sobs racked her body .
va	NNS	His only injuries were the fresh ones from the fight .
va	NN	The temporary assistant you brought in drove me into irritable impatience in no time flat . '
va	NNS	Andris was getting out of an SUV .
va	NNS	Hundreds of people of all ages chatted in metal folding chairs .
va	NNS	" There are two officers waiting for you at the door . "
va	NNS	Some farmers then told him that the queen had not been captured and was now hiding in one of the farm houses .
va	NNS	" The poorer parts of the city have almost no clean water .
va	NN	Soon a peregrine falcon flew through the bright moonlight illuminating Cloud Chief .
va	NN	There was no mercy in her countenance .
va	NNS	Scavenger birds squawked a mocking call from the shoreline .
va	NNS	All the models on Full Frontal Fashion wore diaphanous scarves backstage .
va	NN	Was this jury service a pleasant experience for you ? "
va	NNS	Her palms were sweating and a fine tremble had started in her limbs .
va	NN	His Talent wouldn 't let it happen .
va	NN	The white flame above grew until it scalded her mind .
va	NN	The latter wasn 't nearly as interesting .
va	NN	A slight twinge of guilt stabbed at her gut .
va	NN	A nak * d man !
va	NN	The bushes on top of it sway and rattle , and when I look at them closely , I realise they 're not real .
va	NN	The accusation just came out of my mouth , but I kept going .
va	NN	The salesman pleads , sounding much more desperate than he intended .
va	NN	Their planet was on the brink of extinction .
va	NN	With each stride outward , the bottom branch sags more under my weight .
va	NN	And the witch who had the skill to mend what had been broken was currently in the suite across the hall .
va	NN	" My da , he was one of the men taken . "
va	NNS	His penis rubbed against her and into her with each stroke .
va	NN	The material flashed cold , and when he reached up to touch it , he found there was no knot -- only a seamless band of gold .
va	NNS	Tears stream down my face ; I suspect I 'm to blame .
va	NNS	The hiss of the sand grew until it filled the square .
va	NN	" Yes , the power supply is larger in size than ours .
va	NN	The nagging suspicion returned .
va	NNS	There was something hypnotic about his voice .
va	NNS	The numbers would have to wait .
va	NNS	Atticus took a large bite out of his apple .
va	NN	A new series of pictures sprang into existence on the curving wall and began flowing out from it .
va	NNS	The dogs ran wild when the spirit warriors released them .
va	NN	A shiver invaded Kate 's insides .
va	NN	Any alternative I could think of would be even worse .
va	NN	How was anybody going to be able to find me ?
va	NN	" Name 's Katherine .
va	NN	" I kinda liked you two together . "
va	NNS	Fellows slid his arms around her , finding the curve of her waist .
va	NNS	" Hurry , " I say , still scanning the fallen soldiers , my fists raised .
va	NN	The only safe haven was for Alexander to come here and live in the Mansion .
va	NN	Your champion hid his intentions well . "
va	NN	Growling softly , a small manned lion leaped up toward me .
va	NNS	Recently , the hunters had placed it on full lockdown .
va	NNS	We keep battling to keep things the same , the younger folks keep fighting to change things .
va	NNS	" The fishermen cannot get a glimpse of his face with their binoculars . "
va	NNS	Once they were seated , the hostess presented them with menus .
va	NNS	My folks were the same age , but even without her makeup , Mom looked ten years younger .
va	NN	Just then , the carriage slowed to a halt .
va	NN	The helicopter circled a lone , black office building , about twenty stories tall , that sat overlooking a bay .
va	NN	No-one else needed to find out , especially from him .
va	NN	The light was the moon reflected on the surface of the water , the rippling sparkles moving as the river moved .
va	NNS	Yeah , the customers liked that one .
va	NN	The waitress nodded and went over to the kitchen .
va	NNS	The doctors stood for a few moments , watching her body movements slow .
va	NNS	Quickly now to the top of this rock the eagles swooped one by one and set down their passengers .
va	NN	My lifestyle 's pretty , um , active . "
va	NN	The item disappeared behind his extra extra large pant pocket .
va	NN	A shiver of desire went up my spine , and I kissed his cheek before leaning over and picking it up .
va	NNS	Happiness of being and motherhood seemed to have banished all trauma and delirium of giving birth .
va	NN	The fire department screams its way over .
va	NNS	There were all the usual gasps of astonishment - and disbelief - and they were followed by some dubious applause .
va	NN	" Anything you need , Jess . "
va	NN	Her capacity for survival is above all others .
va	NNS	Two sets of eyes turned back in our direction .
va	NNS	Too many agents rely on their psychic abilities and wind up missing obvious clues . "
va	NN	A fine drizzle had begun .
va	NNS	Why had the files in the police station disappeared ?
va	NN	Still screaming , the witch collapsed to the floor in a pool of her own blood and the blood of the infants .
va	NN	The muscle in his jaw worked as he stared , deep in thought , out the window , rubbing his palms against his knees .
va	NN	Drake 's assistant gave the countdown .
va	NNS	His sadness blanketed across my chest , soaking into my skin .
va	NN	Its vast paved expanse was home to not just merchandise , but the most valued coin to the Trojan soul : gossip .
va	NN	" Don 't anybody say anything crazy , or you 'll scare him away .
va	NNS	Their officers , seeing the opportunity , signalled for reinforcements .
va	NN	In fact , the ambulance Tiffany 's riding around in now was my deathbed . "
va	NN	Before Anakin could decide what to do next , the clone disappeared back into the street .
va	NN	The fascination with Egypt and some connection from outside of earth is more evident when one looks at this temple .
va	NNS	His nearness is making me crazy .
va	NN	There was an easy flow to his style that Dorian couldn 't mimic .
va	NNS	All the hairs belonged to Susan or Holly or someone else who had a reason to be there .
va	NNS	The slaves were the military 's laundry men !
va	NN	The friction was so much tighter in the water , not allowing the natural lubrication of her body to help .
va	NN	Chapter 6 Cool weather and bright sunshine started the day .
va	NN	But even the ache of remembrance was far better than the empty vacuum of grief .
va	NNS	And perhaps their husbands , but they were good men and wouldn 't do anything to jeopardize her safety .
va	NN	" The image generator does .
va	NNS	Her skin was paler than it had been in life , long lashes soot black against white cheeks .
va	NN	The moonlight seemed to shine in her eyes as she looked up at him .
va	NN	He was leaning back in his chair with his ankles crossed on the edge of his desk , a handgun magazine propped on his belly .
va	NNS	My toes were almost frozen and ached with every step .
va	NN	Then the first pump exploded .
va	NN	The contrast was almost painfully beautiful .
va	NNS	" The one Molly saw . "
va	NN	In each hand , the gorilla held stone paddles like cymbals , ready to swing them together .
va	NN	A newfound respect for her swelled within him .
va	NNS	Vlad was a shadow looming over me , the brightness in his gaze providing the only illumination in the room .
va	NN	Talk would be good , keep his mind on task rather than on thoughts of taking her back into the cabin .
va	NN	The carpenter and his crew will be at least two weeks building the boat .
va	NNS	The two forces collided , and it appeared that the flames had claimed another victim .
va	NNS	Tears were running down her face .
va	NN	" My ' Serenity ' necklace ! "
va	NN	" You dismiss ancient tales cavalierly , Father de la Croix , " His Majesty said .
va	NNS	Large boxes of plastic utensils and nylon clothing spilt out in the wake of every clamber .
va	NN	Darkness pressed all around them save only the lantern in the jailor 's fist .
va	NNS	Tears were still flowing from Vijay 's eyes .
va	NNS	Spirits are pure and direct .
va	NN	A tall wrought-iron fence surrounded the place , but the gate between the towering center columns stood open .
va	NNS	Nikolas extended a hand , and Liam took it .
va	NN	" End of the world stuff , " said the youngster .
va	NNS	There were deep sword slices all down her arms , stomach and legs .
va	NN	But intel was intel , and Thane wanted to know what he knew .
va	NNS	Dozens of reporters huddled on the courthouse steps , microphones and cameras at the ready , waiting for the story to arrive .
va	NNS	Fergus shook his head .
va	NN	The brief period of a simple life and pleasantries often taken for granted has passed .
va	NN	" Your housekeeper spent hours getting me to look this way . "
va	NNS	The other Shifters know now , and you said they might say something ... " Eric stilled her words .
va	NN	" If I bow to her , everybody 's going to bow to her . "
va	NN	The supper was proceeding very well .
va	NNS	Elis nods , giving him a sidelong glance , and marches me to my room .
va	NN	While she was kneading the mass of flour , water and yeast , his task was to put some more flour in the bowl .
va	NNS	But now secrets define me .
va	NNS	His assailant circled him , fists raised .
va	NNS	" Apparently the mayor 's thugs showed up to take Morgan in to interview , and he refused .
va	NN	The plain stared at them and exhaled in their face , filling the room with the dry bitter scent of grass and something else .
va	NNS	Heavy dark wood surfaces abound .
va	NN	" After simple training , the result is a conversation with no background noise , and no one to eavesdrop on your own business .
va	NNS	Where are your manners ? "
va	NNS	Massive keeps became shadowed mountains , and crowded tenements melted together like a chandler 's rejected wares .
va	NN	The Darwin contingent , decimated by the first " war " began building a secret arms factory .
va	NNS	Tears ran down her cheeks as the green glow died around us .
va	NNS	Tears returned to my eyes , and I convulsed with weeping .
va	NN	There was not a trace of where he had gone , where he now was .
va	NN	' The gossip has always suggested the trucks taken there in your grandfather 's day were bulldozed under .
va	NNS	Men with hooves for hands , and women coughing up horses , and stallions with tentacles for manes and tails .
va	NNS	The refugees didn 't often look up .
va	NNS	The refugees couldn 't be certain the grain wouldn 't just spoil , as so much did recently .
va	NN	My loving fiancee doesn 't want me to be alone and wants me waited on hand and foot .
va	NN	A gun rack was part of the room 's furnishings and tonight it cradled Matt 's Mossberg turkey gun .
va	NN	The Stalker Men watched me , its pale , drawn face still like a wax mask .
va	NN	Fear filled her eyes but no sound came out .
va	NNS	Your diamonds are there too , but still beneath the land , which you can dig out , whenever you like . "
va	NNS	My guests had moved it into the den .
va	NNS	The floods receded , the storms crackled to an end .
va	NNS	Since Omaha didn 't fly directly International , all flights would have to make a connection somewhere else .
va	NN	That Mayor Dennison , kinda got the hots for her and she 's stepping out with me .
va	NNS	No one 's pockets bulged with concealed weapons .
va	NN	" The crystal has power untold when in connection with the cane .
va	NNS	" What events exactly ? "
va	NNS	There were parts of her that wanted every tasty morsel of information she could consume .
va	NN	The gossip is so juicy that she seems to have forgotten she was angry with me .
va	NN	When the sleeping powder wore off , the white panther woke up with her cubs nestled closely against her body .
va	NN	De facto relationships are just as rewarding , " the alien chuckled .
va	NN	The volume of animal research was extraordinary : during the 1970s , sixty-four million animals were killed in experiments in the United States each year .
va	NNS	These delusions arise from the relationship between the seventh and eighth levels of consciousness and manifest as ' fundamental darkness , ' and egotism .
va	NNS	These newcomers were no rough pirates ; they clearly had military training .
va	NNS	" What do angels smell like in the morning , I wonder ? "
va	NN	Suddenly the earlier revelation surfaced about the " big round metal thing " in Elizabeth 's ruined skull .
va	NNS	Cruel frowns above pure white eyes , grins split their faces as they scanned the surroundings .
va	NNS	Good sons , each in their own way , like my own right hand , and my left as well . "
va	NN	At the end of the market , a triangular patch of grass provided a resting spot for the homeless .
va	NN	Anything she said now would make Summer dig in her heels even harder .
va	NN	The display on his watch indicated he hadn 't been asleep long .
va	NN	Still the light patter of footfall followed .
va	NNS	" That thing 's claws are sharper than our swords .
va	NN	And all the longing in the world would never change the one basic fact that he wasn 't worthy of a woman like this .
va	NN	There was a sudden surge in me of gladness to hear her voice , to feel her presence .
va	NN	The smirk broke into a very white smile that crinkled his eyes perfectly , and she found herself relaxing a bit and returning it .
va	NN	" There isn 't a price big enough to get me to come near you again . "
va	NN	My heel snaps down on his skull .
va	NNS	" What are your intentions toward my father ? "
va	NN	My band 's manager , Don , doesn 't even attempt to hide his anger the way Mom 's trying to hide her sadness .
va	NNS	Tears stagnated in the corner of my eyes , which I could realise , yet couldn 't control .
va	NNS	Would the other gods ignore me ?
va	NN	Edwards ' assistant and he didn 't adapt kindly to Folklore - he sort of held him responsible for Doc .
va	NNS	After lunch , the guests sat out to the white chairs what were in the front yard .
va	NNS	Then we go to Hades , ' Eyes continued .
va	NN	Over the thunderbird 's head was a tiny hummingbird .
va	NNS	" Where are your specimens ? "
va	NNS	Thick , deep carpets and rugs were on the floor , while exquisite tapestries had been hung at the windows .
va	NN	" You are correct , " answered the robot without pausing in its work .
va	NNS	The numbers meant nothing to me .
va	NN	There is edible underwear , body paint , penis shaped pasta , lollipops , and penis shaped cake pans , everything you need for a bachelorette party .
va	NNS	The sadness that had lingered for weeks was fading , and the boy that held her was the boy she knew .
va	NNS	The next four flights after the water will transport 16.4 tons of soil , seeds , and animal stocks ; everything needed to sustain life up there .
va	NNS	Tears pour down my cheeks unchecked .
va	NNS	Dozens of other traitors had perished .
va	NNS	Lined up against the wall , there were three fluid-filled tanks , brimming with multicolored spheres .
va	NN	The queen was a robust woman , but she did not handle loss very well .
va	NN	" Somebody shut this cussed kid up already ! "
va	NN	The tearing through the muscle is quite barbaric .
va	NNS	The riders reined up while Becky stopped the wagon a good ways short of the corral .
va	NN	But the inn always served wine and cheese in the front room on the weekends between three and four .
va	NN	A tiny detail sits on the outskirts of my consciousness .
va	NNS	" She 's safer with us this time , " Scores said .
va	NNS	Abbas shook his head .
va	NNS	Dark stains on the carpet followed his footsteps .
va	NNS	I grant you five minutes " the carcass consented .
va	NNS	Randomly scattered tufts of desert sage punctuated the landscape , providing definition to the brilliant swath of white .
va	NN	My blend , not that awful stuff they buy at Wal-Mart . "
va	NN	The back section of the stroller was already full .
va	NN	Every promotion meant a little more time spent behind a desk , a little more paperwork .
va	NNS	These conversations were new and unusual for him due to her complete lack of the shyness which was something that he had always been plagued with .
va	NN	A small , dainty Fairy her size approached her .
va	NNS	Arms suddenly wrapped around her , grasping her so tight that the air exploded from her lungs .
va	NNS	Micro bubbles tickled her chest as she breathed and she felt her skin begin to tingle with delight .
va	NNS	" Four dollars for three balls , " she informed me .
va	NN	His first initial is T !
va	NNS	On the other side there were pipes and blocks and cups .
va	NN	The flame shattered into thousands of tiny pieces until only the stone remained .
va	NN	The social fabric no matter how resilient cannot subsume the Man Wolf .
va	NN	Darkness clicked into place .
va	NNS	The shelves also bore pretty stoneware boxes and trays that Sonia would love to fill with her girlie bits and bobs .
va	NNS	Shifters chatted in camp chairs , watching cautiously as we passed .
va	NN	All the furniture , the size of the room , and the layout of the room , was all as it was before .
va	NN	Raven pushed the ring back on her finger .
va	NN	A tenderness shined through his hard exterior , a sweetness even .
va	NNS	Her vicious comments still rang in my head .
va	NN	The latch to Gillette 's office noticeable louder and then the heavy closing .
va	NN	Soon , the transfer of control becomes unstoppable ; for either of you ! '
va	NN	" Fear is but a part of life .
va	NNS	These corpses that were once just mindless creatures hell bent on infecting the living could now think and reason ?
va	NNS	But as investments inevitably dwindled , painful cuts remained to be made .
va	NNS	The crowds streamed into the stadium .
va	NN	Seriously though Jules , your outfit looks so nice on you .
va	NNS	Clothes shops revived revivals of fashion statements best forgotten .
va	NN	The door knob rattled violently .
va	NN	The second item was more interesting .
va	NN	His retort was sharp with bitterness . "
va	NNS	Of course , folks liked watching TV .
va	NN	A small contingent of soldiers surrounded her , but the majority of her host was engaged with refugees or performing other random acts of conquest .
va	NNS	" Trade secrets , " she told him .
va	NNS	Head jerks marked jumps from one thought to another .
va	NNS	Maybe all the phones in the house are magic .
va	NN	That program goes nowhere . "
va	NNS	The suffocating blackness soon enveloped her .
va	NNS	" Marta died five years ago , " continued our hostess .
va	NN	the director asked as they walked through the open gate .
va	NN	Their Protocol was just an excuse to play God .
va	NN	The bushes and the vines swayed away from him as he approached , and Manuel found it easy following in his wake .
va	NN	On cue , Driver approaches Timothy and asks angrily , " Where have you been ? "
va	NNS	The two beings stared at each other and the ground beneath us rumbled .
va	NNS	And , let me tell you , there are a lot fewer expectations when you 're poor , too .
va	NNS	Tears start to form in my eyes as the last six years pour through me .
va	NNS	The threats grew in number until they all chanted together for his death in a unanimous roar .
va	NNS	Socks didn 't require a major commitment of either time or yarn and made wonderful gifts .
va	NNS	Tears filled her eyes .
va	NNS	Tears tracked down his cheeks and his vision blurred .
va	NNS	There were toys , and edible lube , and some pretty damn funny demonstrations .
va	NN	The garden however at this time , was still asleep .
va	NN	A series of long , flat , shallow stone steps that doubled as seats made up the top of the amphitheater .
va	NNS	There were no sidewalks , no grass , no plant life of any kind except the dead weeds in the abandoned lots .
va	NN	From the kitchen , her kettle began to whistle .
va	NNS	Tears ran down her face as she shook him .
va	NN	" Oh , don 't you worry , failure is not an option .
va	NNS	" Regular doctors now , not psychiatrists . "
va	NNS	These spectators to the scene held up their hands as if to protect themselves from the man they had once loved .
va	NN	But the second generation never used vacuum tubes .
va	NN	But even our cash flow is drying up .
va	NNS	Five police officers in standard uniforms of brown and red joined us .
va	NNS	She stood at the mouth of the hallway , her dark eyes hard and wrathful , her fists clenched .
va	NNS	" His wounds seem to be healing .
va	NN	Nick rested his chin against Kelly 's chest , rol ing over to his stomach and gazing up at him .
va	NNS	The archers fired at her .
va	NN	" How did your quest go ?
va	NN	The remainder use the bamboo rod alone ... Your cell could do with some tidying . "
va	NN	The little bounce in her step surprised her after the dread she had felt before -- and shortly after -- her arrival .
va	NNS	Men will still die .
va	NNS	Books were a way to travel to faraway places I knew I 'd never see in my lifetime . "
va	NNS	Perhaps hundreds will die if we attempt to move them too quickly . "
va	NNS	And serial killers are sixty times more likely to be a man than a woman .
va	NN	Anything I say will sound bitter and angry so I keep my mouth shut .
va	NN	Every muscle resisted , tightening , urging her to curl up and sleep .
va	NNS	Eris began to wonder when Zook must have accidentally found a hidden catch .
va	NNS	Minos made Casino tell him what had happened in the hall about five times , the others chipping in when their excitement got too much for them .
va	NN	The delay to the giants ' advances had been essential .
va	NN	However that armor also had the design criteria of being practical , transportable , and comfortable .
va	NNS	The tendrils flew around her face wildly .
va	NNS	Your hormones are in confusion .
va	NN	The suspicion that he was beginning to suffer from hallucinations crossed his mind .
va	NNS	" Guys like me ? "
va	NNS	" Maybe these houses are like that .
va	NNS	Nikolas lowered his tone .
va	NNS	Wolves simply don 't waste time being angry .
va	NNS	Hundreds , maybe thousands of people began to write her to tell her their own story about coming clean or facing a tragedy .
va	NNS	There were tapestries on the wall , and plush carpets on the floor .
va	NNS	The other chairs at the table were empty .
va	NN	Expensive perfume saturated the air around them , which created a welcome relief from the odor of decay .
va	NN	His smirk told me he enjoyed my reaction .
va	NNS	Only a few patches of brown hair still clung to the sides of his head above his ears , but they too were beginning to disappear .
va	NN	" Or maybe not , " Dane agreed .
va	NN	His intake of breath was exactly what I 'd been looking for .
va	NN	Slide , scrape , crunch , tap .
va	NNS	Has toys scattered everywhere .
va	NNS	No other angels were in sight .
va	NNS	The food choices were different than what I remembered seeing the last time I 'd raided the pantry .
va	NN	Seconds later , a massive explosion collapsed the stairway and completely sealed it off with large sections of concrete and steel .
va	NNS	Scorch marks had killed the surrounding grass .
va	NNS	The cops will harass her .
va	NN	" Has the jury reached a verdict ? "
va	NNS	The long wires remained attached , dangling almost to the floor .
va	NNS	And so for the next three years the rebel politicians worked tirelessly , arguing , debating and analysing every aspect of what made good government .
va	NN	" There is no solution ? "
va	NNS	Tears spring to her eyes and she blinks them away .
va	NNS	Tears had streamed down my face in salty rivers for what I had done .
va	NNS	As you can see - " she sniffs and points at the crowd behind her " - the crowds are going wild and there is chaos .
va	NNS	All the mechanics of underwater exhalation returned , as if she were still in the training pool ten years ago , a thousand light years away .
va	NNS	Hai Hai 's whiskers twitched as she scooped coins from the table into her purse .
va	NN	His juice made a hissing sound when he twisted off the cap .
va	NN	The big sucker 's bigger than any building I 've ever worked on .
va	NN	The carriage clattered off .
va	NNS	The injuries went on and on , but they didn 't seem to care or remember they had no arms or legs or faces .
va	NN	The hammer struck the wall with such impact that the sound resembled another explosion .
va	NN	There is a series of small white dots beside each of its six positions . "
va	NNS	Yours , and Lucia 's .
va	NNS	The players of Saint Peter were attacking the defenders of Saint Matthew gathering around the middle point .
va	NNS	Men who would have been stunning , if it wasn 't for their injuries .
va	NN	" What is the password ? "
va	NN	His own climax followed soon after hers .
va	NN	" Your Majesty , the acolyte we suspected was indeed embezzling .
va	NN	That possibility pissed her off , but somehow she 'd have to use it to fuel the game .
va	NNS	Two parts make one prince ! "
va	NNS	Wolves do not attack a man unless starving and they are not habitual scavengers .
va	NN	The rover landed in the center of the compound and was quickly surrounded by every guard in the vicinity .
va	NNS	Inside , the lighting was dim , the tables were close together , and the bar took up the better part of the left-hand wall .
va	NN	By the time they 'd polished off the first of their ball game treats , the stadium was starting to fill up .
va	NNS	The conversations I 'd noticed around the room had died down .
va	NNS	Agnes shook her head .
va	NN	Her bangs were falling over one eye and every once in a while she would push at them while she talked .
va	NNS	The hunters had not intended to stay , as the land was inhospitable to them and they were beginning to believe the superstitions of the locals .
va	NNS	Other options that had existed in the past quickly disappeared as well .
va	NN	" Wise are you , indeed , " the fox said , " to know what is not possible before you have made the attempt . "
va	NNS	Fergus sounded a bit worried about something .
va	NN	Her self-deprecating humor is far too alluring for my own good .
va	NNS	Micha returns to the table and the coffeehouse has cleared out a bit .
va	NN	The volume and pitch rose and rose .
va	NN	The piles of baking disappeared just as one of the clowns was about to bite into a chocolate chip muffin .
va	NNS	The other islands that the Aquarius stopped at were full of tourists and people selling their cultural things . "
va	NN	The rumble grew louder and Zook 's eyes were drawn to the wide building at the far end of the street , at the corner .
va	NNS	Fellows took advantage of the butler 's absence to start going through the writing table .
va	NN	A shiver ran down her spine at the look in his eye .
va	NNS	My roses are beautiful this summer . "
va	NN	One branch was short and sharpened , so that it could be put into the ground to plow the furrow .
va	NNS	Our souls have met in another world .
va	NNS	" Eyes don , t change color . "
va	NNS	Some parts were easier to get to than others , so today 's goal was checking out the public areas .
va	NNS	Hundreds gathered to celebrate local artists , from the professionals to the blossoming post-graduate students at the surrounding schools .
va	NNS	The drug dealers knew it and used it to their advantage .
va	NN	Halting at Burnett 's side , every muscle in her body screamed danger .
va	NN	This sucker has a tiny nuclear reactor in it and it packs a hefty punch ! "
va	NNS	There were advantages to a truly excellent gentlemen 's club .
va	NNS	A few scratches on the arms needed bandages , but none were serious .
va	NN	Their grandpa then turned his attention to Dorian , who 'd stood patiently by during the family reunion .
va	NN	What does your gut tell you ? "
va	NN	Beast bared little white teeth and barked .
va	NN	A barely suppressed yawn travelled down the line .
va	NNS	His nearness made her skin feel extra sensitive .
va	NNS	Surely routine household chores should stir a memory .
va	NNS	Half truths would have to do .
va	NN	Then the shooting stopped and silence was soothing .
va	NN	A shiver ran down his spine .
va	NNS	Small Talk moves towards me , lifts me off the ground , and carries me towards the cliff edge .
va	NNS	Hades eyed him for a long moment , and it wasn 't difficult to see what was going on underneath his mask of neutrality .
va	NNS	" The expectations and obligations of marriage , " Deb informed me .
va	NN	A jolt of heat shot through her , the fear of the nightmares dissolving .
va	NNS	The hunters still went around with the gun , marching and checking whether everyone was alright .
va	NN	A lovely surge of energy shot through her .
va	NN	The steward returned with the cloth and the sulfur powder .
va	NN	He was a tree hugger who would have driven this company into bankruptcy had he lived and inherited my estate .
va	NNS	Their howls reached to the skies , even over the shriek of the north wind .
va	NNS	Tears stung my eyes .
va	NN	The intricate detail of the map enchanted him , the tall mountains , the trees , the flowing rivers , and the castles and their towns .
va	NNS	There were faint marks of muddy tire tracks on some parts of them and the path was wide enough for a car to drive down .
va	NN	Even on the worst days , fortune can shine .
va	NNS	The same volunteers as before plus a few new ones came to the back of the store .
va	NNS	Her breasts looked larger than he would have guessed , lying firm and round from her chest .
va	NN	There was a big old deserted quarry near where we lived . '
va	NNS	Formal events didn 't rank high on my list of wonderful things to do .
va	NN	His acquisition of the Andrade 's ancestral island had seemed almost spiteful .
va	NN	The Queen read the scene well , coming up to me and asking , " What has happened ? "
va	NN	Fear poisoned me that I couldn 't do it .
va	NN	The victim stepped to the curb .
va	NN	There was no trace of anyone having worked here for so long .
va	NN	The Queen smiled slightly .
va	NNS	Cass was staring at him , with a lopsided grin .
va	NN	No perfume in the world could compare .
va	NNS	Four cops spilled out .
va	NN	A safe journey to you , sir . "
va	NNS	The corridors twisted and turned .
va	NNS	The protectors charged right through the wall of blackness and fell upon the undead with their spears .
va	NN	The anchor announced breaking news .
va	NN	The quivering turned into a wobble and Claire sensed an imminent meltdown .
va	NN	All the pie-in-the-sky philosophy won 't change the facts .
va	NNS	The few remnants of the sandwich became a tool for pointing .
va	NNS	" What do the doctors tell you about Simon ? "
va	NNS	The brightness burned my eyes , so I quickly turned it off and switched on the nightlight instead .
va	NN	" The necklace symbolizes that you 'll always have a home here and the piano so you 'll always have an escape when you need it . "
va	NNS	The numbers usually start in the northeast corner of each floor .
va	NNS	Red stains can be one of a number of things .
va	NN	The cross examination would end right here .
va	NNS	Atticus tried to fire off a few rounds but Marco held him back with hundreds of bullets spitting out at Atticus 's hiding spot .
va	NNS	Two wires , led by a barbed dart , shot out of the black devise .
va	NNS	" Professor , do you have a moment to speak to me in regard to the photos my officers were circulating yesterday ? "
va	NN	" In accordance with the formal union contract , the bride requests a full accounting of her duties . "
va	NN	The motor was already running .
va	NNS	His lips drew back in a teeth clenched , soundless snarl .
va	NNS	Fergus looked to Molly for confirmation .
va	NNS	In his hands , the Newton balls knocked off of each other once more .
va	NNS	Finally , constant dripping wears the stone .
va	NN	My fiance 's betrayal had crushed me .
va	NN	Fear would only take them so far .
va	NN	A friendly clerk gave me a room on the third floor .
va	NN	So everybody was playacting , now .
va	NNS	Eyes wide , he snapped , " Ah , bugger me ! "
va	NN	The gunman was a few feet back from his original position , with the gun trained on them once again .
va	NN	" Three red tower blocks to the north .
va	NNS	Men like Alec just got better with age .
va	NN	" The handwriting is different from the rest of this notebook .
va	NNS	Tears were in her eyes .
va	NNS	No fewer than four spiral staircases climbed the inside , criss-crossing on landings and occasionally passing through one another in defiance of generally accepted physics .
va	NNS	Their gazes met again , and the images poured through .
va	NNS	Blue Eyes was studying the damaged mailbox like an insurance adjuster .
va	NNS	Men had lit lanterns that looked like floating orbs among the trees .
va	NNS	Crime lords , terrorists , and plenty of other members of the criminal underworld hired them for tracking down people they wanted , and for killing them .
va	NN	The surge of new power was more than the small opening I 'd just made could sustain for any length of time .
va	NN	The gnome blinked as we came up , raising an eyebrow that looked like a fuzzy gray caterpillar .
va	NNS	Tears burned , clung to Francesca 's lashes .
va	NN	The spinning of the bridge pushed her harder into the feeble rail and it crumbled under her weight .
va	NNS	There were three plastic milk crates turned upside down , two blue , and one red .
va	NNS	Abandoned stables lined one side of the room .
va	NN	There was a painting of the lost sheep in the church .
va	NN	The library stood at the center of a busy block .
va	NN	Beast ran ahead of me .
va	NNS	Wolves preferred live prey , but they weren 't against a free meal when they could find one .
va	NNS	Long eyelashes fluttered as the creature blinked to focus on her surroundings .
va	NNS	The scratches would match the mark you put on his side mirror . "
va	NNS	Tears still overflowed his eyes , and were so abundant they wet the collar of his pajama shirt .
va	NNS	Grilled tomatoes flew through the air like grenades , and people were battling with bacon swords .
va	NNS	The farmers thought that their success was based on magic tricks .
va	NN	A possessive ache trails up from my stomach .
va	NNS	The specks grew , shading out the white , mostly brown and green .
va	NNS	A dozen lanterns lit it , sputtering the fumes of whale oil into the air .
va	NN	Unfortunately , her whip didn 't crack for academia unless it had to .
va	NNS	Russian authors will tell you that one 's line of sight is modified due to refractive elements defined by such and such formula .
va	NNS	Once the spell was in effect , sparks and lights shot from the hands and into the sky , shining and popping with multi-colored light .
va	NNS	All the good deeds in the world won 't make up for what happened to Stuart Rossman .
va	NNS	The urban industrial upscale furnishings would also be problematic with their sharp brushed steel edges and glass table tops .
va	NN	The aroma filled my tent and forced me from my bag .
va	NNS	" Men on horseback .
va	NN	The stationery was expensive feeling and Finlay was embossed at the top .
va	NNS	All four waiters turn around at once .
va	NNS	Being here at the starting gate , it hits me in a way it hasn 't before , the sacrifices made .
va	NNS	Its very name rings with magic , deception and trickery , holding great promises and driving men mad in pursuit of them , its name is Alchemy .
va	NN	A speaker hung on the wall .
va	NN	" Yes , bowling couture .
va	NNS	The elder gods are , there 's no other word for it , they 're co-operating against these brash newcomers !
va	NN	The new landscape was completely different .
va	NN	His enthusiasm to see me made my heart swell .
va	NNS	" Your tricks don 't work on me anymore , Anthony , so you might as well quit trying . "
va	NNS	Three daughters are enough . '
va	NNS	There were two boxes to be delivered to the house , and he kept them close as he pulled up to the cottage .
va	NN	The precipice down the hilly terrain was scary .
va	NNS	Now that Debbie was beyond saving , my choices were clear .
va	NNS	But at least two major parts of the prince are already here .
va	NN	Just as he opened the door to leave , the telephone rang .
va	NN	The pony rolled its eyes up at me , and there was a flash of red .
va	NN	The canteen was one such space , located close to the ship 's cockpit .
va	NN	His frame wasn 't bulky , but Zane knew he was solid .
va	NN	More and more the populace consumed the paste , and their eyes showed less and less life .
va	NN	" My motive in speaking to you today is to warn you of the great danger that you face at this moment . "
va	NN	Oh god ... Did he ... did he hurt you ? "
va	NNS	Not when her rhythm complemented his rhythm , her breaths matched his , and her body molded perfectly around him .
va	NN	Every muscle in my body was strung tight , and my heart was pounding so hard it hurt .
va	NNS	The rails had stayed closed and the piglets continued to alternately cower and zip around the small space .
va	NN	Being Coop , the solution was simple enough .
va	NNS	Maybe the crops ain 't as good or something .
va	NN	" There is a resemblance . "
va	NN	There was a short delay .
va	NN	A shiver ran through me .
va	NN	The bird backed off , not knowing what to do .
va	NNS	Their gazes met and his brows narrowed .
va	NNS	The warehouses at the port all looked alike .
va	NN	The stress and fear are getting to her , and that pisses me off . "
va	NNS	Arn heard the warrior 's words ; if I touch her , will the Gods punish me with death ?
va	NNS	Agnes stiffened perceptibly at his allusion to the Rosewood tennis match , but was able to check the first leap of anger .
va	NNS	Our defensive backs are weak , we have a young , rather inexperienced quarterback , we 're giving too much ground on the front line .
va	NN	Stalker had known the most about planning assaults , yet I had to push forward .
va	NNS	Wolf Eyes relaxed , while Wounded Eagle stood watch .
va	NN	The waitress brought their food over .
va	NN	Was there no earthquake ?
va	NN	The clerk maintained his watch over me as I sat in the lounge and awaited my friends .
va	NNS	Isaiah stares at me for a second , appearing as still as a statue .
va	NNS	There just weren 't enough farmers or chemists .
va	NN	Just needed the fruit and pastries .
va	NNS	Boggs relieves him of his weapon and goes to make a call .
va	NNS	Gods tend to be interested in prophets , not profits , haha . '
va	NNS	We 're still making them , only our choices diminish .
va	NNS	I assure you , my intentions are only to prove to you once and for all how important your family should be to you .
va	NNS	Your long brown tresses are like spun gold , delicate , shiny and hard to come by . "
va	NNS	In the fire 's glow , the tracks became black lines following the road into the darkness .
va	NN	" The Queen of Clean landed in Queens ?
va	NNS	Only the pilots could open it .
va	NNS	Beads rolled down his cheek and settled into his whiskers .
va	NN	Still , from the smallest whispers in secret places , great devastation is usually wrought .
va	NN	the student miserably said .
va	NNS	Many spectators of all ages begin to cry , along with members of the camera crew and media handlers .
va	NNS	Rounds and charges spent , hooks , darts , charges , credit chits , the whole kit would have to be given the once over .
va	NN	The billionaire saw this and lost his cool .
va	NN	Fury like that can make a man reckless .
va	NN	The shine of a scalpel caught my eye ; I snagged it from the table and held it to my throat .
va	NN	The imp offered a half bow .
va	NNS	With all goodwill , the spectators only made things worse .
va	NN	' What harm could a peek do ? '
va	NN	A kindling of hope fills my heart .
va	NNS	That darkness inside her , the loneliness and despair would not leave me .
va	NNS	Nope , no door , no secrets she could see .
va	NN	The sea star was feeding the dragons with its blood .
va	NN	A few minutes later , the motor stopped whining , and he began the descent .
va	NN	The last male jellyfish cursed me out for denying him .
va	NN	His behavior seems to have changed a lot since we got here .
va	NNS	The room stills and a little while later Luke walks in and climbs into bed .
va	NN	The weather had turned brighter as winter waned , but still a sharp chill hung in the air .
va	NNS	Her breasts felt swollen and hot and her body tightened into a restless , familiar ache .
va	NN	" A single Trojan could destroy Trans Central and most of the surrounding area . "
va	NNS	Men held doors open for women in Nashville .
va	NNS	The other five guests immediately understood Dimitri 's warning tone .
va	NNS	More twigs cracked in the woods .
va	NN	When I open my hand again the flame ignites .
va	NN	Her h * ps looked huge as she did circles and rolls , and when she tried to climb that pole she looked like a deranged monkey .
va	NNS	The tresses reflected the glow of the flames and shone like spun gold .
va	NN	A few more winged mosquito mascots chase after some of the children and repeatedly poke them with their blood sucking beaks .
va	NN	And one day a vapor stepped out of the treeline or out of an early graveyard and walked over a dirt road .
va	NNS	The cat 's whiskers twitched again .
va	NN	A mix of relief and frustration plagued her as she waited , watching him .
va	NNS	Even if Gran agreed to sell the restaurant , the new owners might need Darlene to remain as manager .
va	NN	Confusion was always the first emotion of the newly arrived Traveler .
va	NN	The wizard represents the original inspiration to your story .
va	NN	The champagne is on the sideboard .
va	NNS	Tears of happiness stung her eyes .
va	NN	Lorraine 's cloak concealed her soaked dress , but her hair hung in snarls around her face .
va	NNS	Tears were streaming down his face .
va	NNS	Polonius hesitated for several moments .
va	NN	" Maybe a follow-up is in order . "
va	NNS	The cool-down exercises started , her least favorite part of the workout .
va	NNS	What are my options ? "
va	NN	The necessity of drilling with the gestures for a few days tied up the group initially and left Dax with just a bit of free time .
va	NN	What if the new business venture had failed ? "
va	NN	He landed with a very heavy thud , there was no grace in his step as he breathed harshly .
va	NNS	If you hadn 't shown him the zoo , then all this craziness would not be in his head . "
va	NN	His gut clenched hotly .
va	NN	Kylie 's gut knotted .
va	NNS	Their bonds with the fallen soldiers went back decades , or longer .
va	NNS	" As well as other applications for the active agent contained in the ammunition . "
va	NNS	The same stains stuck to the floor , along with pools of blood dotted around the many cells entrances .
va	NN	The butler turned to leave without being dismissed .
va	NN	The gym 's rocking .
va	NN	" Sounds like quite a story , " said the cabbie .
va	NNS	Tears begin to fall from her eyes .
va	NN	Somebody might be eavesdropping .
va	NNS	There was also the mud and sweat stains from the journey he could barely remember .
va	NNS	The ribbons marked the route taken by Archie 's brother , Ed , who was trying to fly from England to Australia in under four days .
va	NNS	And probably half the folks on the guest list .
va	NN	" My mother was a nurse , " Tack said calmly .
va	NN	" It made you look like you had a big flat square butt , Maynard , " said the president .
va	NN	A vein started to protrude from Abbot 's forehead .
va	NNS	Tears burned behind my eyes , and I gulped for air .
va	NN	" I 'm not calling anyone sick , " professor said calmly .
va	NNS	Polished manners were beyond him .
va	NNS	Eli 's stitches popped , and the pain from the re-opened wounds on his back engulfed him like flames .
va	NNS	Wolf Eyes thought he could take them at any time .
va	NNS	Tears were beginning to show as the man 's face fell into the somber look of total depression .
va	NN	Small Talk is already standing over me .
va	NNS	Of course , Christopher noted , these seemingly obvious beliefs are totally contrary to reality .
va	NNS	" Here ya go , " the hostess said warmly , setting a coaster down in front of Dean and then the beer on top of it .
va	NNS	" Scalp wounds bleed a lot .
va	NN	The rot here destroys everything .
va	NN	From the tangle of emotions clouding her mind , a single comment surfaced -- her glib announcement that the killer had come from town .
va	NNS	Eyes that would cry in happiness if he stayed .
va	NN	One episode had a restaurant menu on the screen and a steak dinner was a dollar twenty five .
va	NN	The drone of the motor blended with the sound of the water breaking around the vessel .
va	NN	No sooner had they packed up food supplies for the boat , when Rafe 's cell phone rang .
va	NN	The arrow flew from him with a short high-pitched whistle , slipping through the air with balanced precision .
va	NNS	His players felt bad enough .
va	NN	" What is that hut over there Lance ? "
va	NNS	The blatant rudeness crackled in the solarium like sheet lightning .
va	NNS	" Most folks like my kitchen best . "
va	NN	The futility of the effort sent a wave of desperation through him .
va	NN	The queen smiled , displaying a set of glistening fangs .
va	NN	Alliteration does not become you , old buddy , " he laughed shortly .
va	NNS	Her breasts were too small , she thought as hot water ran deliciously down her back ; but they were pretty .
va	NN	Your generation will need some bold new thinking .
va	NNS	There are laws against such things , right ? "
va	NN	More activity seemed to be happening beyond the ship , toward shore , perhaps on the dock .
va	NN	Fear flooded through him .
va	NNS	There were more pedestrians than cars , though he wasn 't sure why .
va	NN	Even Bet , a confidant on most subjects , knew nothing about her family .
va	NNS	Because none of you bloody bastards - " His eyes strayed to the front of the hall and his words choked in his throat .
va	NN	Anything was possible and the impossible was altogether likely , she said , and oh how much she 'd believed it !
va	NN	Now that long-forgotten ache burned through him .
va	NNS	Men and women , everybody has needs .
va	NN	The stallion pulled back against the reins and nearly reared , trying to avoid the glowing figure before him .
va	NNS	The two kingdoms of black and white interlocked in the center , and black was slowly gaining ground on her .
va	NNS	As if in response to my words , heaviness seeped into the air .
va	NNS	There are more battles ahead . "
va	NN	An arctic blizzard raged around him , howling so loudly it pained his ears .
va	NNS	There are 20 minor Gods to deal with or only 10 if the PCs were careful as above .
va	NN	" Somebody help me , please ? "
va	NN	A flurry of commotion and yelling erupted , but it was too late .
va	NNS	The only lamps in evidence were outside of homes and businesses , doubtlessly personal property .
va	NNS	Other hunters have gone underground in hopes of finding our lairs .
va	NNS	Federation military carriers contain a compliment of between 100 to 800 fighters , and a total of onboard crew of 1,200 to 9,600 .
va	NN	" Body stolen , like the sheriff 's . "
va	NNS	" Keep in mind , robbing graves isn 't right .
va	NNS	Water sprays from everywhere , blinding me .
va	NN	There was definitely a big bug crawling up her butt , and I hoped she got it checked out soon .
va	NN	There was barely a smudge of dirt to be found on him .
va	NN	A herd of deer fed out on the side hill across from Aldershot , fully 800 yards from my position .
va	NN	Not too pleasant , is it ? "
va	NNS	Behind him , headlights from some kind of car bore down on her , but the engine was off .
va	NN	" Well , sir , the Hun 's artillery can strike pretty deep into our territory .
va	NN	Everywhere she went , there was holiday cheer .
va	NNS	Even crowds of four or five people make me a little uneasy .
va	NN	The teasing look on Brynn 's face twisted his heart .
va	NNS	Men were captivated , drawn in by the sensual sway of their h * ps and promise of desire in their eyes .
va	NN	My Daddy points the fork at the television .
va	NNS	There were twenty-five yards between them , but for the cat , Shepherd could see , such a distance mattered nothing .
va	NN	A twinge of guilt added yet another element to the chaos of Vivian 's emotions .
va	NN	Above the door , the readout from the digital thermometer steadily climbed higher , crossing above six hundred degrees Celsius .
va	NNS	Her father 's voice still rang out in her mind , There are certain expectations we have of you that we simply cannot expect of Kaylie .
va	NN	" He is studying in London , " said Ibrahim , " with the help of government scholarship .
va	NN	How is that punishment for helping Martha ? "
va	NN	As far as Gabriel was concerned , the manor was the safest place to be .
va	NNS	Rhys always did speak of sacrifice for the greater good of our kind .
va	NN	There was a muttering in the ranks , which was quelled immediately by the sergeant and the soldiers were dismissed .
va	NN	A snarl ripped from Thorne 's throat as he attacked .
va	NN	" If the weight 's too much different , the spear won 't go where I want it to . "
va	NN	Dan ' r nodded to the children , in what he hoped was a reassuring manner , and they nodded back .
va	NNS	Tears threatened again but this time she fought them .
va	NNS	Nikolas merely grunted as if to insinuate that Xavier was wasting his life with such distractions .
va	NNS	Rhys stared at Kiev .
va	NNS	Simms was trailing behind them , carrying their cases .
va	NN	The president needed him !
va	NN	The curve of his strong jaw was also bare of hair .
va	NNS	What were my interests ?
va	NNS	But the doubts held her tongue a moment longer .
va	NNS	My palms grew sweaty , and I fiddled with my ponytail .
va	NN	" If he is chivalrous , he 's a keeper , " the waitress laughed .
va	NN	His skill with knives wasn 't nearly as good as his archery .
va	NN	" The invitation still stands .
va	NNS	Less direct descendants can be hundreds of years old . "
va	NN	The humor , on that particular subject , was unexpected .
va	NNS	" Perhaps , but I am certain these boxes hold their dead .
va	NN	The Child of Light doth know that should I depart from this life ere my task is complete , his quest will surely fail .
va	NNS	Fresh tracks in soft mud was proof that a large party had just come through the pass .
va	NN	The new industry employed many , but unemployed more .
va	NN	Behind his cracked lips , the preacher saw blue-black gums and a slithering tongue that coiled like a snake in its den .
va	NNS	Dangling wires brushed the windshield and tickled the roof of the car .
va	NN	A risky proposition , to say the least .
va	NNS	These giants had grown so powerful they could exert more influence over a government than could its citizens .
va	NN	A swarm of rocks from Eden 's cubs arose to rain upon the helmets of our foes .
va	NN	The ticking stopped abruptly .
va	NNS	Bones filled niches ; the skeletons again broken down and separated into body parts .
va	NN	said Mum , a puzzled look on her face .
va	NN	But a robot doesn 't live by any voluntary social contract .
va	NN	The steward gave Eduard a rough shove .
va	NNS	The riders wouldn 't want to be late .
va	NN	The substitute shot me a curious look and opened her mouth as if to decline my gesture .
va	NN	A rumble rose from the gathered warriors at Thorold 's appearance .
va	NNS	Braden and Maddie 's games were all good until they got hurt and both acted irrationally - him by walking away and her by running .
va	NNS	However , my remarks did seem to bring him some way back to himself .
va	NNS	" Most relationships are . "
va	NNS	No guts trailed out of his torso .
va	NNS	All six participants except Willy gave out a big cheer and thanked whatever spirit was among them for restoring them without harm .
va	NNS	Eyes are always on me .
va	NN	There was a tiny pop .
va	NN	" King Merrick has ordered Assembly in the Great Hall , " says the messenger .
va	NN	The berry bushes make me sneeze .
va	NN	Responsibility , responsibility , responsibility , " Pierce says as he crosses to the fridge .
va	NNS	Battle elephants were the fashion lately .
va	NNS	But generally those trips consisted of brief forays in search of food or other necessities .
va	NN	Just the scrape of leather soles on grit .
va	NNS	Dark cravings ate at him , hardened his body and sent erotic images teasing his brain .
va	NNS	Five crabs moving in different directions , each headed where another had just been .
va	NNS	" Green stripes are sexy ! "
va	NNS	Even heroes have to think about retiring sometime .
va	NNS	" The cops were coming . "
va	NN	Like the Preamble , this section had remained a mystery to us at the time .
va	NNS	The sadness in her voice was unmistakable .
va	NNS	There were velvet curtains on the two dormer windows and two small woven rugs , one on either side of the bed .
va	NNS	His lashes are long enough to make him beautiful .
va	NN	How the spray leaves the cap 's nozzle and wets a rough surface .
va	NNS	Otherwise his ranch chores might get in the way of their lovemaking .
va	NNS	Tears ran down her face and she looked up at me overcome with defeat .
va	NN	There was a good possibility Bastien might call to check on their progress and she thought it best if she had the phone if he did .
va	NNS	Rhys did kiss the side of my face then .
va	NN	My agency is in the middle of a huge ad campaign .
va	NNS	Tears crept down her cheeks , and she swiped them away with the back of her hand .
va	NNS	" Common sailors and dockside whores openly mocking me .
va	NNS	There are these surprises in box number eight . "
va	NN	" Where 's Raven ? "
va	NNS	Two sharp jabs to the stomach and a vicious swipe across the face sent Billy back to the floor .
va	NN	Could that foolish adoration really be serious ?
va	NNS	" Hey , " Courtney pipes over our quiet conversation .
va	NN	" Is everybody allowed to play ? "
va	NNS	The radius of my light revealed no other corpses .
va	NN	Confusion was more apt .
va	NNS	The vibrations rolled across his skin in tingles .
va	NNS	Major house wars seem to happen every couple of centuries or so .
va	NN	One spear pierced the throat of one while the second spear impaled through the skull of another .
va	NN	Their cries mingled on the air as he took her hard on the desk .
va	NN	When they came up to his house , his mother was watering her makeshift flower garden with a rusted , robin 's egg , watering can .
va	NNS	Eyes turned toward the object on the table .
va	NNS	There were no birds , no small animals nearby .
va	NNS	What your neighbors think ? "
va	NN	Fear wasn 't going to defeat me .
va	NNS	" Maybe relationships have no place here at all .
va	NN	With each passing day , the stress lifted a bit , though .
va	NN	His snout grew slightly and sharp fangs appeared in his mouth .
va	NN	And organized religion , say what you will about it , is the example par excellence of a reified belief system .
va	NN	A rumble from outside made me jump .
va	NNS	The prisoners they 'd come to rescue looked fine , just as they had when they 'd disappeared behind Julian 's wall of fire .
va	NN	" Look , you are only thirteen , " his assistant said into the phone .
va	NNS	Apparently , the two conversations going on at once were about the same thing .
va	NNS	" Yes , but our doctors didn 't know what to do .
va	NNS	But my injuries weren 't as bad as this hollow feeling deep in the pit of my stomach .
va	NN	The chief began by explaining what the messenger from Tuscaloosa had said about the Creek raid on the neighboring Chickasaw village .
va	NN	But all the temptation in the world would not make him change his mind .
va	NNS	My cupcakes looked very professional , whereas Nate 's tended to look like a five-year-old had done the decorating .
va	NN	What the fuck was happening to me ?
va	NN	" Who is it from , " Mama asked .
va	NN	Then a white highland pony which he assures me is a young colt which will grow into an Arabian .
va	NN	Fear climbs from the pit of my stomach and up into my throat , as the footsteps get ever nearer .
va	NN	The radio was off , the windows were closed , and Lola had her trap shut .
va	NN	The cook , a skinny , sweaty man with receding white hair , was busy preparing a meal .
va	NN	A flailing coil struck Kenzie , knocking her back several feet .
va	NNS	In spite of their rabid nature and a plethora of mortally sharp edges , the beasts were easy to kill .
va	NNS	Even her tiny eyelashes were intact .
va	NNS	My palms went clammy and my heart started racing instantly .
va	NNS	" His eardrums haven 't burst .
va	NNS	Bullets clamour against the cabin , piercing the body without any effort .
va	NNS	All gazes turned to Sean , sitting strong and quiet beside Andrea with an air of power that matched Liam 's .
va	NNS	The pregnancy hormones were affecting her thinking .
va	NN	The director returned his finger to his lips again , as if to order silence , and kept his gaze on the screen for a long moment .
va	NNS	Grams and I merge into the brilliant white light .
va	NNS	The noses were just two large holes .
va	NN	Before she could react , the chain had wrapped around her throat .
va	NN	A plaintive whine came from the doorway behind her , a blur of soft , inquisitive thoughts carrying hunger and annoyance .
va	NNS	My dogs are there . "
va	NN	" And the spring equinox ... they 're celebrating the anniversary of the first made vampire .
va	NNS	My robes sag as the body beneath loses the ability to support them .
va	NNS	Her thighs begin to shake as I use my fingers and hand to control the pace .
va	NN	A shudder of pleasure ignited me , sending my mind into spasm , my body falling into his waiting arms , as my resolve evaporated .
va	NN	* And may the Darkness have mercy on me .
va	NNS	How 'd the killers get a weapon on the Station ?
va	NNS	The citizens chant , " Rann .
va	NN	His head throbbed and each cough wrenched his neck , sending bolts of agony into his brain .
va	NNS	The entertainer 's tricks were simply a part of the ritual , weren 't they ?
va	NN	The demolished wasteland around him went eerily quiet .
va	NNS	Sometimes the choices we 're presented with are bad or worse . "
va	NN	The queen moaned a bit and lifted her head .
va	NN	Already the egg was rocking , darkening in color , the microbe sending waves of hatred and despair out into the chamber .
va	NN	Dwarven society was highly matriarchal .
va	NNS	Sarah 's lovely breasts heaved with irritation .
va	NNS	Her palms itched , too , just like they always did when she lied to adults .
va	NNS	Three golden eagles and three bald eagles appeared in front of me .
va	NN	The pharmacy wasn 't necessarily what I needed .
va	NN	If I was her friend , any possibility of being more than that - slowly diminished into nothingness .
va	NN	The gold necklace with the hanging charms of leaves and a heart , gave an elegantly striking contrast to the bright and airy white dress .
va	NNS	Tears filled her grandmother 's eyes .
va	NNS	More stains colored the risers .
va	NN	The acceleration was dramatic .
va	NNS	His breaths choked , and he turned away .
va	NN	Her baseball bat was in her hand as she slept , just in case the guy who beat the other girl came back .
va	NNS	Only his hundreds of hours of arms practice saved his life .
va	NNS	Alaric stays married to Keeley .
va	NN	Anybody not born in the islands is a tourist in Snake 's lexicon .
va	NN	There 's no gym in the vicinity so I thought I 'd take a long walk , instead . "
va	NN	This bartender was not your friend .
va	NN	A sharp pang of longing shot through her as she flipped through the journal , struggling to decipher the script .
va	NNS	Eyes open again Dan looked at her knowingly .
va	NN	When he managed to find time away from those things , the warehouse needed to be watched over , and there were always Notaries to consult .
va	NNS	Half the sailors still don 't have the time of day for him , but the others are coming round .
va	NN	" There is more than one version of me , they 're different -- they have their own personalities .
va	NN	The Queen walked to the table littered with maps and picked up several loose sheets of paper .
va	NNS	Their howls filled the air , preceding them as they rounded the corner , four brutish looking guys .
va	NNS	Scores threw up his hands .
va	NN	The confession is shaky .
va	NNS	Agnes can make them . "
va	NNS	There were all kinds of things going on .
va	NN	His compliment stirred a swirl of excitement .
va	NN	Slowly and deliberately , the prime minister raised his head .
va	NN	The waitress gave me a quizzical look , " What happened to our country ?
va	NNS	Wolf Eyes turned to leave , and as he did so , he looked down on the horrified face of a man .
va	NNS	The suitors started then .
va	NN	There was no investigation , though , and much to my disappointment , nobody went to prison .
va	NN	Despite the fact that there were many stories about Shadow that were fictional , Romulus ' surrender was true .
va	NN	The only furniture was a king-sized sleigh bed in the center of the room with a couple of sheepskin rugs on the floor surrounding it .
va	NNS	There were icicles in its eyebrows , and its eyes were the color of lake ice just before it cracks and drops you into freezing water .
va	NN	The spectacle was extremely painful and intolerable for Jordan to watch .
va	NNS	The officers at the crater seemed to speak of something clandestine happening there .
va	NN	The standard work gang of ten men ultimately became the elemental squad .
va	NN	Just as the previous night , the colossal structure is void of external influence , the sounds of the forest halting at its doors .
va	NN	The laird surveyed the cottage with disgusted indifference while the two men poked about .
va	NNS	But potato farmers aren 't in a desperate race for survival like I am .
va	NNS	Men in assault gear were talking and testing the action of their weapons .
va	NNS	There were two meals and an assortment of drinks , so at least he was thoughtful enough to feed us both .
va	NNS	Corinne 's eyelashes lowered onto her cheeks .
va	NNS	If you send me away , his forces will probably swoop in immediately .
va	NN	My bodyguard says , " They 'll have you on the news , speculating about an illicit affair with him , by morning .
va	NN	There 's an unspoken bond between us that doesn 't seem connected to any specific memory .
va	NNS	Unseen forces pulled the Elder into the boy 's frenzy and the two started to run up the narrow path .
va	NNS	The tops of the alley 's buildings were gone , crumbled down in the hulls of their structures .
va	NN	His exhaustion disappeared in the wake of physical need .
va	NN	The silver water fountain across from them started clanging so loud that everyone in the hall turned to it .
va	NNS	The threads of silver remaining are still in your body burning just as severely as the ones I removed .
va	NNS	There are no surprises in who or what he is .
va	NNS	" Shifter secrets , " Cassidy said between sips from the bottle of water Diego had brought her .
va	NNS	Her lashes fluttered and his hands were on her , pulling and tugging .
va	NN	Half the print was visible .
va	NNS	Rivers would rise mysteriously in furies , taking back what had been ripped from sacred grounds .
va	NN	" A flame leaps to another .
va	NNS	Tears roll over her cheeks .
va	NN	There is suspicion , jealousy .
va	NN	Her mode of dress is glanced at sideways by the brother , who scrutinizes with scowl and sneer .
va	NN	A g * y couple .
va	NNS	The bikers were small , but heavily muscled .
va	NNS	The four Bronco headed toward the target in spread out formation skimming just above the water .
va	NN	Pride and admiration cut though him .
va	NN	At least if she got into a hand to hand fight her opponent would be at the same footing disadvantage as she was .
va	NNS	In fact , their skin tones matched perfectly enough to make me think they could be sisters .
va	NNS	Then suddenly out of the gloom came a sharp hiss .
va	NNS	Judas , who was now curled up on a beanbag in the corner of the room looked up and gave a small yelp .
va	NN	The jury 's still out on his sexual preference , but I don 't want to be a soprano . "
va	NN	This behavior was not acceptable for the private club .
va	NNS	But to their backs was the water .
va	NN	The rocky terrain made it hard to crawl out the back , but he made better time when he got around to the shuttle 's side .
va	NNS	Sal was sitting behind his desk , his shirt sleeves rolled up but his tie still perfectly in place .
va	NN	Something metallic caught my eye .
va	NN	The skirt caught in a gentle pouf over the bustle , with roses , both silk and real , adorning it .
va	NN	Their abuse was too much .
va	NNS	And unexplainable events , she added silently , hating Pandora 's disappointed face .
va	NN	" How cum yer so sure it 's her , Brian ? "
va	NN	Stil , the entire warehouse was dim , making it impossible to tel who was who unless you were standing right in front of them .
va	NNS	Tears of frustration streamed down my face , and I slapped myself inwardly .
va	NNS	My dad shifts in the chair and then tucks his arms underneath the table , anxious .
va	NN	The other gunman pushed Lisa toward the field .
va	NN	The old major frowned disapprovingly , but he nodded and shut the doors .
va	NN	An explosion on the road would cause the strip beneath to ignite , severing any chance of a five kilometre restart of the system .
va	NNS	The cupcakes looked done , so I took a potholder and got them over to a cooling rack I had sitting on the counter .
va	NNS	There were bands of iron tightening around Tully 's head .
va	NN	The brief surge of optimism I 'd felt earlier had evaporated , leaving despair in its wake .
va	NN	How ridiculous the punishment was !
va	NNS	Superior numbers overwhelmed their defense .
va	NN	As his fingers tightened on the grip , a distinct pop , pop , pop echoed to him .
va	NN	" You can see your number by pressing Menu , six , three , " the clerk informed him .
va	NNS	" Our scouts have been watching the east .
va	NNS	His theories were often akin to novellas .
va	NN	" What is this interference you 're talking about ? "
va	NNS	Two sets of arms grabbed me and stood me up .
va	NN	" Hawthorne will be returning to his home within the next few hours .
va	NNS	The prisoners are not to be searched or plundered : those are my orders . '
va	NN	Sandra 's icy gaze followed me as I wove through the room , tugged by Alice Buckner as if I were a barge .
va	NNS	The water tanks stayed sealed .
va	NNS	Yes , old Nicholas is a fallen nobleman .
va	NN	The mix of distinct ingredients had become a homogenized salad dressing .
va	NNS	Nikolas could still distinguish jocks from loners , nerds , geeks , and preps .
va	NN	A door clicked shut .
va	NN	Her gut twisted at the sight .
va	NNS	And beasts came forth and dwelt in the grassy plains , or in the rivers and the lakes , or walked in the shadows of the woods .
va	NN	Finally with a thud , the trailer hitch fit perfectly over the ball on the bumper .
va	NNS	All the lanterns and candles were blazing , and it seemed to be full of people .
va	NNS	" Liam , laws are laws .
va	NNS	Soon small conversations started , usually about getting turf for the fire , or writing shopping lists .
va	NN	No self-control whatsoever . "
va	NNS	Some nail marks would be the least of his worries if his principles won out .
va	NN	The faceplate patch bowed outward , but otherwise held firm .
va	NN	" The jam , my boy , at your elbow there , simply delicious . "
va	NN	The foyer was massive .
va	NN	My gut says it 's a man .
va	NNS	There were several car tyre tracks .
va	NNS	The operatives held their cans high above their heads and sprayed the fairies like they were giant mosquitoes .
va	NN	Somebody 's always up to something in this town - usually something evil , dastardly , and violent . "
va	NNS	There were several eaves and a turret running up the left side , ending in a beautiful gazebo .
va	NNS	Men could be fickle creatures .
va	NN	Once all four bottles were thrown from each side of the building an impenetrable fog surrounded the building , and prevented the vampires from entering .
va	NNS	Their ashes stained the snow as they floated lazily back to the earth .
va	NNS	These laws were in effect for three months , by which time , the city council reasoned , the paranoia would abate .
va	NN	What is the capacity of our smallpox vaccination supply in the country today ? "
va	NN	The pounding surf echoed a deeper trembling of the earth and she could hear the clatter of rock against rock .
va	NN	A mutual respect certainly existed between them .
va	NNS	Tears trickled down his face as his voice faltered .
va	NNS	Nikolas had no response .
va	NNS	Her neck arches and her head falls back as she knots her fingers through my hair , moaning .
va	NN	" Anything strange about it ?
va	NN	My son-in-law is a wonderful person .
va	NN	But look , this fog is real fog .
va	NN	Then another arrow flew in , striking harmlessly off the rocks above .
va	NN	Mama wiped her cheek , leaving a red tomato trail behind .
va	NNS	The charms belong to the players . "
va	NNS	But some lessons die hard as in the case of the notorious Blood Cutters .
va	NN	The upcoming journey will be arduous ... " Hours later , Mari was still awake , hungrier and now shivering .
va	NN	There was a splash as the horse made contact with the puddle on the other side .
va	NN	Every ending left an opening for a new beginning .
va	NNS	Tears stung my eyes .
va	NNS	" What are the chores and when are they done ?
va	NN	His abs taunted her , even through the photo , and she wanted to lick them all over again .
va	NNS	Their intentions were good , but she was tired .
va	NNS	Tears poured down her face , soaking the pillow beneath her head .
va	NNS	Or her palms skimming his five o " clock shadow while his green eyes devoured her ... " Hmm .
va	NNS	Usually players had more sophisticated weaponry .
va	NN	Graham 's burning thirst , now that he wasn 't drinking Misty , had come roaring back , but for the moment , he didn 't care .
va	NN	But why in the world would the producer be on the phone with me ?
va	NNS	A fortress protected by a moat and a drawbridge , with a no entrance sign chiseled into the stone . "
va	NNS	A mischievous thought snuck into my head .
va	NN	She wore a similar bathrobe to Aria 's , the belt knotted tightly around her waist .
va	NNS	Seconds later -- completely nude , her hair drenched -- she stood at the doorway to her bedroom .
va	NN	" Three months , " the mage confirmed .
va	NN	Thin curling leaves flying in the gentle gusts of the wind .
va	NN	The docile enjoyment on their faces was a further reminder for Jack about how far he had come .
va	NN	Okay , so a seat belt was the thing poking her in the back , not some guy 's ... Well , that was a relief .
va	NN	The gunman ducked behind a concrete column and kept running .
va	NNS	Occasionally there were arguments and even altercations over who ' owned ' a particular dragon and thus had guide rights .
va	NN	A shiver raced through her body .
va	NNS	On the other side were photographs of a woman who was always alone , even in the biggest of crowds .
va	NN	A startled Aileen watched her rushing through reception .
va	NN	" I was just wondering , if it 's not too rude to ask , what is the ultimate aim of your mission ?
va	NN	The chain of command might be undetermined , or maybe there was none .
va	NN	An elephant gun he called it , for stopping the big ones .
va	NN	Our product was Talk Talk ( a landline call provider ) and our opportunity was success .
va	NNS	The blackness of the corridor loomed ahead of him .
va	NN	" My fish pie 's getting cold . "
va	NN	" And a pod of dolphins !
va	NNS	Fergus blushed again and stammered , " Miss Abigail , would you join me in a dance ? "
va	NNS	Ne lass is worth 28 days in detention .
va	NNS	His claws dig in , ripping through the webbing between her toes .
va	NNS	For a second we just lie there , our heavy breaths mixing .
va	NN	My grief is a testament to my love for you .
va	NNS	Wolf Eyes and Wounded Eagle attached rattles to their legs at the knees and ankles , then got up and started to do the war dance .
va	NNS	The dogs suddenly quieted again .
va	NN	The furniture was plentiful and luxurious .
va	NN	Fear drove me to pick up my cellphone and make the call I 'd been avoiding .
va	NN	Damon cocked his head to one side , considering , then , with a swift movement , pul ed aside the rug .
va	NN	" Hey , there 's sheep up ahead . "
va	NNS	His black roots spread across his head like a dark angel 's hand and he was as still as a marble statue .
va	NNS	Guys all think the same way .
va	NNS	No howls of warning were forthcoming , so he continued on .
va	NN	This preacher was special .
va	NNS	Some scars are on the mind .
va	NNS	There are few jobs in their communities and to receive education and training , they would need to leave their homes .
va	NN	The ambulance pulled up and the paramedics rushed out .
va	NNS	I shall claim the child , as unfortunate circumstances have now claimed his parents .
va	NN	After that , his authority seemed to evaporate .
va	NNS	The polo shirts had been Alan Parsons ' suggestion , whereas the instruction that no-one in the line-up wore a watch was at the police 's request .
va	NNS	My toes start to curl as my body fights to contain the wellspring of attraction that is unfurling inside me .
va	NNS	There were five black felt poker tables set up inside , and all eyes were on a Caster standing in the center of the room .
va	NN	A library had books .
va	NNS	What the hell are my employees doing lying there dead ? "
va	NN	Another community that made use of grow lights .
va	NN	The egg was small but powerful and between it and Jackson inside me , I felt completely filled .
va	NN	" A variation , I suppose . "
va	NN	An African-American male clerk came up and shook his head .
va	NN	The shop keeper nodded in agreement and said " Good luck " .
va	NN	" A simple lesson in time management , " he explained , leaning back in his chair and taking a long sip of beer .
va	NN	The commercial was success .
va	NN	Behind us , another explosion reverberates across the night air .
va	NN	Both Nic and I turned in that direction with welcoming smiles , which froze on our faces when we didn 't recognize the man who ran inside .
va	NNS	The snakes react to me or the boots , or both .
va	NN	His gut told him the sight would be breathtaking and his hands itched to free her hair to find out if he was right .
va	NN	A fog had invaded my brain and covered the truth and the pain .
va	NN	The longing that I saw in his eyes as he stared at me made my heart ache on his behalf .
va	NNS	Scientists think it 's because when the males are in captivity , they can 't swim to an adequate depth , and so their dorsal fins droop .
va	NN	" The falcon didn 't like the boy , and the boy didn 't like it , either .
va	NNS	Two crisp snaps sounded from where the bones were once joined .
va	NN	Goblin society is survival of the fittest .
va	NNS	Jones gestures to a smaller police car further back .
va	NNS	Before , dogs had sniffed the scents until they 'd disappeared eventually .
va	NN	" What 's the special occasion mummy ? "
va	NN	My seal is on this place .
va	NNS	Parents couldn 't take care of me .
va	NN	" The Land of Flora , forever .
va	NNS	The gods are cleverer than we and can always think of some vileness it never entered our heads to fear .
va	NNS	More explosions sounded from deep below .
va	NNS	My two songs came and went .
va	NN	Her cunt clenched around his shaft each inch that he went inside her .
va	NNS	There are red marks on his arms from where the Dauntless traitors held him back , but he is not dying ; he is all right .
va	NN	His sudden departure was a mystery that set them all on edge .
va	NN	The accusation was true , in a way .
va	NNS	Chances were that he would be home long before the letter arrived .
va	NN	All fey are hunters , whether they admit it or not .
va	NNS	" How about Shawn Hanson ? "
va	NN	With any luck , the horde had to turn most of its attention to finding food rather than attacking human settlements .
va	NNS	Arms grabbed me by the waist and threw me right into the water .
va	NN	The president joins Stan and a waiting Secret Service agent in a sleek low black unmarked American car with tinted bulletproof windows .
va	NN	Not by any means the worst magical hazard I had heard about , but something that might ruin the days of unsuspecting civilians .
va	NNS	Something squeaky and furry dropped on my head .
va	NN	There was a brief period of silence in which I swayed back and forth and the trees began to thin around us .
va	NNS	His daughters weren 't interested in keeping the company going .
va	NNS	Books are for reading , not for turning oneself into livestock . "
va	NNS	Men don 't cry .
va	NNS	Tears would flow heavily down my face as I 'd take in the scene .
va	NNS	Their thighs touched and she wondered what he 'd look like nak * d .
va	NN	Even the buzzing of the cicadas had died .
va	NN	" Some lawyer cu -- chick .
va	NN	" But the stove is on ! "
va	NNS	All the endless sacrifices my allies had done were not going to be in vain .
va	NN	The kingdom of Rogue didn 't have too many bright people to begin with .
va	NN	Simon 's disappearance wasn 't luck .
va	NNS	The pressures to create a world government come from two sources .
va	NN	Immune to fatigue , strengthened by the Virus and ensuing bloodlust , the climb wasn 't difficult for them ... but it did slow them down .
va	NN	The remainder of the dome now looked like a gaping barn at night .
va	NNS	" Some mounds date back six thousand years .
va	NN	The teller wrote down a figure on a small post-it .
va	NNS	The rogues muttered curses that they had to slow down .
va	NN	The longing that washed over her so unexpectedly scared her to death .
va	NNS	" What are guides for ?
va	NNS	And then two cheerleaders come up and start fawning over Henry and JJ .
va	NNS	Sexual predators rarely thought beyond their own cravings .
va	NNS	" Even killers have rights . "
va	NNS	Their gazes locked as the full implication of her words sank in , Caine 's eyes darkening with unease .
va	NN	Our greatness is no secret . "
va	NNS	Yet corporations have bank accounts . "
va	NNS	Their gazes met and he saw her shiver .
va	NN	" What is its cargo ? "
va	NN	This sapphire ray was fascinating .
va	NNS	There were too many adversaries both in front and behind .
va	NNS	There were plant experts all over the place in the garden center , and customers would come find the cashier to ask questions like that .
va	NNS	Even in the night the sidewalks were alive with people .
va	NN	Probably there was a repair kit in one of the trucks .
va	NNS	Gold mirrors and vibrant portraits adorned the walls , and the soft , welcoming lighting was provided by a series of simple chandeliers and wall lamps .
va	NN	Mase after me , the trial , all of it wasn 't a concern in that moment .
va	NN	A piercing wail rent the air above us , and the shadow of the wyvern passed overhead .
va	NNS	Hades threatened everyone that I know and love .
va	NN	Even the prospect of sharing another interminable dinner with Manuel made Vanessa ill .
va	NNS	The loneliness and uncertainty have vanished .
va	NNS	Tears pooled in my eyes and escaped down my cheek .
va	NN	The swamp was just as uninviting as when they 'd entered .
va	NN	The congregation never grew beyond the limited population in the surrounding rural community .
va	NN	The pale moonlight glides across his face and smoothes away any malfeasance .
va	NN	An ambulance was on its way up the hill , lights flashing , and another behind that .
va	NN	" The queen does have a robust gift for conversation , my lady . "
va	NN	The sparks nearly touched Auron .
va	NN	When he died , his bloodline was cursed .
va	NN	Our reservation isn 't until nine . "
va	NNS	" Guys , " Claire said patiently .
va	NNS	Hours had passed , yet the girl still stood there , as silent and still as ever .
va	NN	The professor produced his wand from a sleeve of his robe .
va	NNS	He pulls out one of the volumes and lays it flat on the table , so it spills open , its pages covered in text and pictures .
va	NNS	The waiters were tumbling over themselves to accommodate them .
va	NNS	Then the paramedics were there , hurrying down the dock , carrying their tackle boxes of medical equipment .
va	NNS	Guests could leave if they wanted to .
va	NNS	The doctors told me it was impossible to know for sure .
va	NNS	No more rides on the memory express .
va	NN	" You 're in my heart , Melody and nothing will take that away .
va	NNS	All the gods and goddesses had .
va	NN	Once , the Blood had ruled honorably and well .
va	NN	Beast is like my child .
va	NN	" The hangar is about 20 times the size of yours , and we have two warehouses constantly full to the brim .
va	NN	The smirk returned and she looked like Jackson had in the kitchen .
va	NN	A gust of wind blew through the room , ruffling shawls , blowing across Egwene 's bare skin .
va	NNS	There were already one or two sets of snores building up around the fire . '
va	NNS	Eris tapped the floor with her shoe .
va	NNS	Find another town to prey on , your sacrifices have come to an end . "
va	NN	No sooner had he handed it to her than the lights flickered .
va	NNS	After a few more minutes , even the lamps of night disappeared and there was only darkness .
va	NN	'Cause that 's what this feels like . "
va	NN	The kelp keeps them too true .
va	NNS	" You boys are in luck , " he says smiling , " those shoe boxes just went on sale .
va	NN	His erection stood straight and his back arched .
va	NN	The boy gulped , his eyes wide , and nodded adamantly , determined not to disappoint this gruff old man .
va	NN	The statement was -- bodies -- plural . "
va	NN	Let 's trade places . "
va	NN	" A mouthful of bread might bring it back . "
va	NNS	Dirty and bloody , burn marks on his face .
va	NN	" And how is the underworld this time of year ? "
va	NNS	Thin wires ran out of a hole in the floor and up to the table .
va	NNS	Pox moves from Trig then stands besides his mother , while his warriors move into the formation .
va	NNS	Beads of sweat sprung up on the man 's forehead .
va	NN	" All of it , " the bedraggled pirate replied .
va	NN	" This generator came with the cottage .
va	NN	A small crystal of sweat trickled down my cheek .
va	NN	There 's a beautiful sunset about to get cooking up there . "
va	NNS	The dark whiskers of his cheek gently scraped the palm of her hand as she felt an inner connection to him .
va	NNS	The curtains were still open , and the moonlight was enough to make the spider silk look silvery in the dark room .
va	NN	" The Order doesn 't go around abducting civilians or disrupting diplomatic assemblies .
va	NNS	Eris knew that tone .
va	NNS	Mom flinches at the word felons but Clay continues , " Are you prepared to live with that ?
va	NNS	My loins convulsed over and over , sending shards of bliss throughout my body until every part of me tingled and vibrated .
va	NNS	Krav Maga principles taught never to fully relax one 's guard until one was in one 's own home .
va	NNS	There were also scuff marks in the dirt near the entrance .
va	NNS	Metis looked at me a second , then gave me a curt nod .
va	NN	The jewel was round , spiky and glowed an angry red .
va	NNS	came a genteel voice down the line , one Josie recognized despite having not heard it in the year since her mama 's funeral .
va	NNS	There were no buttons to speak of .
va	NN	Excitement and trepidation rippled in her stomach .
va	NN	For another , the Order would personally never permit that kind of weaponry to be developed .
va	NN	His Majesty forgave me - " " For my error ! "
va	NNS	There was a chorus of greeting , and I was freed to sit down , my momentary awkwardness released .
va	NN	a tall black youth asked , tipping his chin at Gary , sucking air between his teeth to show his contempt .
va	NN	A rare single malt scotch soaked into the wood veneer of the cabinetry and dripped onto the inlaid floor .
va	NN	" We were beginning to fear the worst , " said the butler .
va	NNS	Now the tables have turned . "
va	NNS	The hostess set the menu on the table in front of Dean .
va	NN	Damien 's first fortune came not from business , but from his original career as a champion tennis player .
va	NNS	The three humanoid robots blocked his escape on all sides .
va	NN	" Can I have a coffee please " I venture " Black or white ? "
va	NN	The cook yelled , " Coming right up . "
va	NNS	" The wounds you received were many and deep .
va	NNS	There were great monsters and a few breeds of defective beings .
va	NN	The detective asks , " Then , where were you ? "
va	NNS	Maybe there were seeds in the ground , or maybe the man was just trying to reduce dust .
va	NN	The president took one last gulp of soda then abruptly stood up .
va	NN	Any resemblance to actual events or locations or persons , living or dead or undead , is entirely coincidental .
va	NNS	Then , some some local dignitary grumbled loudly , " Hell , these little bastards ain 't gon na do squat ! "
va	NNS	Guests quieted down and raised their Champaign glasses in unison .
va	NN	The messenger swooped in and eased her to the closest chair as she read the letter again .
va	NN	Dane shook his head , " I didn 't show you anything that you didn 't already have .
va	NN	Butter spring form pan .
va	NNS	But then the truck fragments shot toward him .
va	NN	That shame evaporated and a thrill of exhilaration took its place .
va	NNS	Why are there all these pipes everywhere ?
va	NN	Isabelle 's whip snapped back into her grasp as she stared , wearing a rare look of astonishment .
va	NN	I didn 't see much , the weather was awful . "
va	NNS	Moments like this mean nothing to him for he thinks he can always have another chance , while we mortals know the truth . "
va	NNS	Days are as desolation , and nights pass as haunted hells .
va	NN	The vertical journey ended with them rising through the final floor , onto a large circular platform with a domed ceiling about twelve feet overhead .
va	NNS	Her breasts rose and fell with her breathing , and she leaned back against the headrest .
va	NN	Somebody here should have a good time tonight .
va	NN	The drone gave no indication that it had understood .
va	NN	A marking signifying alliance to the king , and companionship among thieves , the stones the women wear upon their foreheads symbolize pride and respect .
va	NNS	See , there are wagons cresting the hill .
va	NN	Her blouse made the breath catch in my throat as her ample cleavage was barely contained by the thin silky grey material .
va	NN	The blast caught Michael off guard and he winced at the sound .
va	NN	The accusation was palpable .
va	NNS	The chickens won 't shut up as it is , and they can 't say a word ! "
va	NNS	Tears trickle over my cheeks .
va	NNS	But the tides are turning .
va	NN	The score lay on the seat beside Domenico ; he played from memory .
va	NN	My sister Juliet was there , too -- I 'd seen her motorcycle .
va	NN	The grainy Italian liquor was hard-core , and he drank it all night long without even a slight buzz marring his poker game .
va	NN	" So our police chief just happens to have been conversing with a likely drug trafficker at a private airfield . "
va	NN	The jury smiled along with her .
va	NN	The explosion of my lamp as it struck the floor was lost beneath my bona fide girl scream .
va	NNS	Strange fat birds in cages squawked and items fell to the ground .
va	NN	Finally , the chief stood , and the house became , immediately , quiet again .
va	NNS	Luxurious meals weren 't one of them .
va	NN	Papa stays out much of the time .
va	NN	The robot moved down the bed .
va	NN	On the corner was a shelter converted from a one-time bank .
va	NN	My apprehension about this new school could probably fill five pages , but I managed to keep it at one .
va	NNS	Even the cake donuts didn 't look heavy .
va	NNS	Chances were they wouldn 't leave until the next shift arrived , not while he was a wanted murderer .
va	NNS	Men have wills , good Count .
va	NN	Now , everybody check in . '
va	NNS	These missiles would all be ground attacks .
va	NNS	But the civilians bore a heavy burden when the fighting came their way .
va	NNS	Men often place pride before reason . "
va	NNS	His options became smaller and smaller .
va	NNS	At this time of night most guests would be in their beds , out seeing a show or in the casino .
va	NNS	Days turned into weeks turned into years , and slowly , through it all he began to warm up .
va	NNS	The clamps had been on her body for some time .
va	NN	Fury blasted through me like a rocket .
va	NNS	Tears gathered behind his eyes .
va	NN	The chief raised his hand and everyone silenced and gave their full attention .
va	NN	The latest Washington weather calls for clear skies , unrestricted visibility , a light westerly wind , with a comfortable sixty-eight degrees .
va	NN	An envelope rested on top .
va	NN	A red flare slipped by , twirling in the ship 's turbulence .
va	NN	The thrumming from my chest surrounded me , enveloping me in my own fear .
va	NNS	Not so much as a hiss from the great fire with its dark slowly collapsing logs , its high flaming towers of timber .
va	NN	" The weather never changes here .
va	NNS	Figures pile out of the SUV 's ; tall , brute men that I know aren 't really human .
va	NNS	The female vampire 's fangs shown off the light from the chandler as she bent her head to Jane 's neck .
va	NN	The en suite was as large and lavish as every other room in the house with walls of chalcedony and jasper .
va	NNS	Her breasts brushed his chest , and the raindrops ran down their bodies like lapping tongues stroking tiny caresses over their sensitized skin .
va	NN	The slutty flirt that slept with anything it could .
va	NN	The entire revelation was astounding to Timmy .
va	NNS	And the gods have pity on all of them if the evil bastard was disappointed .
va	NNS	" Men 's desires keep midwives busy . "
va	NN	Fear would help no one .
va	NNS	* * * An hour later the bands arrived , together .
va	NNS	Their personalities seemed very similar .
va	NNS	Two tables back knelt a guy who was giving a girl a bouquet of flowers .
va	NN	The hillside was perfectly still in the silence .
va	NN	" What if this is a Search ? "
va	NN	Darkness and rain came with the territory at this time of year .
va	NNS	More angels , more clouds parting , more Madonnas . "
va	NNS	Fuchs has control of the military , so he 'll be quick to quench any uprising we might try .
va	NNS	My lioness didn 't like him .
va	NNS	Narrow shelves holding stacked books ran along the wall beside the door .
va	NN	There was a gold chain around her neck with a cross on it .
va	NN	" So , my dearly departed neighbor ... " " Evidently you did not think much of him ? "
va	NN	There 's no internet .
va	NN	Prudence will go up for sale , and there 's no way of getting her back , " Dane said .
va	NN	The derelict must be nearly completely hollow .
va	NNS	When my hands moved away , four celestial beings formed in front of me , their colorful irises sparkling as they gazed down at me .
va	NN	The furniture arrived for the nursery .
va	NNS	My grandfather 's wives all kept their maiden names so he would know which children belonged to which wife . "
va	NN	The mocking lilt to her laughter grates on Robin 's parents .
va	NNS	Flashes of ultra-light appeared and disappeared in the depths of the reflective surfaces .
va	NN	The butler will evict you from this suite in thirty minutes .
va	NN	The thunder was rumbling in the distance now .
va	NN	There 's one other possibility , though .
va	NNS	The French rebels quickly retreated into the new tunnel 's belly .
va	NNS	She put her hands out , fists clenched around the spheres .
va	NN	" The weather can change in an instant , Bianca .
va	NN	There was no result , but he wasn 't collapsing with head pain , either .
va	NNS	His forces will follow us here anytime .
va	NNS	The officers went straight to the bedroom .
va	NNS	Her toes curl up and she watches us .
va	NNS	Cass handed a piece of paper across the Game Master 's screen to Lodge .
va	NN	Your own personal expedition , as it were .
va	NN	The wash from the helicopter struck Sam before the overgrown dragonfly came dancing through the sky .
va	NN	As always , the Sending from the wolf came as a mixture of scents and images .
va	NNS	Pale , raucous birds dove after fish and insects along the rocky coast , which gave way to dense and mysterious forest farther inland .
va	NNS	Across the floor from us , the cheerleaders were just standing there .
va	NN	The fabric of the suit shifted silently , when Dryden moved , as if it had a life of its own .
va	NN	There was the tiniest trace of apprehension , of fear in her face and her voice .
va	NN	A ferry worker was about to hook the chain across the back of the boat when Sean punched the gas to launch us forward .
va	NN	" A talent which , while useful , shall not be necessary in this case , " Gerald added .
va	NN	Ninety percent of the men in this city act the way he did , and none of them have been murdered .
va	NNS	Yet , a voice said to me " DO NOT QUESTION , THIS IS WHO YOU ARE ! "
va	NNS	Their numbers are awe-inspiring .
va	NNS	With the threat now visible , her fangs lowered .
va	NN	His shrug was indifferent , but she 'd swear there was hurt in his eyes .
va	NNS	The entries , one after the next , seemed to blend together .
va	NNS	Look Superintendent , the implications of this cover-up in the current cold war period are very dangerous . "
va	NNS	The flavors were far stronger than she was accustomed to .
va	NN	A suspicion eased into his mind , and he gripped her throat , his voice low and deadly .
va	NN	There genuinely was a strong culture of being respectful and observing social boundaries .
va	NNS	Their defense lawyers played up that they were drunk hooligans , and that I was a danger to society .
va	NN	The cur shrugged , obviously accustomed to the question .
va	NN	A massive cloud of steam bellowed from a ventilating panel on the base of the obelisk .
va	NN	Hell , everybody had loved Sam .
va	NN	No telltale mud or particulars left behind on the mats .
va	NN	There were some slick fighting games , and a few classic games like Gauntlet , Donkey Kong , and Pac-Man .
va	NNS	" Bloody fools , " David said to no one in particular .
va	NN	When the elevator doors opened , an unexpected visitor stood inside , " Mr. Garcia , my sincere apologies sir .
va	NN	Circling the Dark Crystal , the purple rammed into the nose and upward through the windows , shattering glass outward from the Castle 's roof .
va	NN	There was a long , low bookshelf on one side that Mana had filled with Miriam 's favorite books .
va	NNS	These marks identify which commune it is .
va	NNS	There are some games going in the drawing room even now . "
va	NN	But here in the car there was a sharpness to it , as if the air itself had turned into something prickly .
va	NNS	Amos led him out of the locker room as they talked .
va	NNS	" All my babies are going to be home this year .
va	NN	" Her bloodline has been absorbing vampire essence for a long time .
va	NN	As always , her apology afterwards had been heartfelt .
va	NN	Your distress was so strong you touched me , even here in this prison designed to keep me from touching other minds .
va	NNS	The two slaves sat at a smaller table on the opposite side .
va	NN	For every year you grow older , life expectancy will extend a year in front of you . "
va	NNS	Seconds later the sound of their car starting , then leaving , drifted on the breeze .
va	NNS	Normal human beings don 't sell out others just because they can ; they don 't sacrifice children to save themselves . "
va	NN	The panther was no longer cowering behind the pedestal ; it paced in the open , as if daring them to come closer .
va	NN	A hush fell once more at her words .
va	NN	Worst of all , the Emperor had had to remember to avoid making commitments of substance , while freely applying the lotion of words without substance .
va	NN	The damn curse had taken over his life again .
va	NN	" So how 's the charity event coming ? "
va	NNS	There were just too many attackers and too few defenders .
va	NNS	The three wagons that broke away had been following the Cimarron Trail for about two weeks when they came to the Cimarron River .
va	NNS	And her rings bounced too but fell into the fire , landing safely to glint in the firelight at its edge .
va	NN	The resistance has become too large and too visible .
va	NN	Caucasian about six feet tall , medium build .
va	NN	The golden robot sprang to his feet , brandishing his guns .
va	NN	Somebody would recognize him and call the cops for sure .
va	NNS	Several tables lay out front , with tourists and locals deep in conversion enjoying the warm night and a drink .
va	NNS	A few night birds danced and swirled above the silver spray .
va	NNS	The angels tug on the leashes .
va	NNS	Lars straightened , looking surprised , possibly angry .
va	NNS	His mischievous smile faded .
va	NN	The queen lets out a sigh as he kisses the line of her jaw .
va	NNS	Here at the NSA , team players wear many hats .
va	NNS	The two agents stared at each other in shock .
va	NNS	All samples have proved to be non-toxic .
va	NN	Dave 's snoring brought it all back .
va	NNS	The angels looked like they too were whispering in their human 's ears or comforting those they sat next to .
va	NNS	Then the whore acts offended when I come back , acts like she didn 't want it .
va	NN	His comment was completely out of character for him .
va	NNS	Thanatos grabbed my arm and jerked me to my feet .
va	NN	A sheer pink sheath draped the lid .
va	NN	The vessel expands , visible light passes through the space between molecules , the vessel vanishes from sight . "
va	NN	Thick bone extended from their brows , all the way around the skull , slightly shading the most inexplicable eyes I 'd ever seen .
va	NN	" Papa wants her to stay .
va	NNS	The towns carried interesting names .
va	NNS	There are no pretenses with him and he doesn 't sugarcoat things .
va	NNS	" No , but there have been several partners picked out for him .
va	NN	A few people cheer and a few others groan when she reveals a bottle of vodka .
va	NN	The queen watched her son nervously .
va	NNS	' How about rosy cheeks ?
va	NN	A panther leaped at her .
va	NNS	After a few seconds of hysterics , robot troopers burst into the room and carried off the offending elf .
va	NN	" Four a.m. is a trifle early for ice cream sandwiches . "
va	NNS	The small farms were busy and the green hedges and freshly dug field zipped by .
va	NN	The style of dress , the very feel of the air , even the quality of the light was the same .
va	NNS	Fergus could hear a baby screaming in the background and children sobbing .
va	NN	The blast is very strong as t ´ s made a rather large indentation on the ground as well .
va	NNS	Tears froze on her cheeks as she sprinted from behind the tree trunk 's protective cover .
va	NN	" Your pitiful existence makes me sick . "
va	NNS	The robots would not find him .
va	NN	My mouth fel open in utter shock .
va	NN	His only personal item was a signed baseball that he kept on his desk .
va	NN	As the champagne flowed , the volume increased , the guests became more animated , and the dance floor filled .
va	NNS	Buying expensive equipment like mixers , ovens , freezer and refrigeration units , tables , racks , and the list went on and on .
va	NN	" As I 'm sure you 've noticed , our gathering this year includes kings who would not normally attend .
va	NN	The flurry of activity surrounding the scientific approach gave her something else to engage her mind and served as a diversion .
va	NN	The helicopter finally touched down and ground crews rushed forward just as the hatch opened .
va	NNS	Above her , eagles with wings held wide and still circled on thermals of air that only they could detect .
va	NN	" My grandfather 's sickness happened . "
va	NNS	Yours will do . "
va	NN	The discussion carried on well into the wee hours of the morning and covered many topics .
va	NN	His flame , his inner fire that he showed to almost no one but Elena , had gone out .
va	NN	" When is your fucking queen going to stop turning every rumor about Dorian or me dying into some huge proclamation ?
va	NNS	There were many wars with other tribes prompted by evil intentions , rather than a need for survival .
va	NNS	" He doesn 't like me , " neighbors said to us .
va	NN	The black blood conspiracy will forever die and end the mad ritual of the Amaranth tribe . "
va	NNS	" Hey , my chili dogs are the best in town . "
va	NN	There was a fireplace in the corner , and from the looks of it , the bathroom was bigger than my house .
va	NNS	The trips themselves were always an adventure , too .
va	NN	You can bring your soldiers if you want , the display seemed to say .
va	NNS	The gardens lay quiet and strange , the fountains still .
va	NN	What did the Queen see inside ? "
va	NN	Indeed , the mere suggestion of it was absolutely unthinkable .
va	NN	If I could force myself to stay awake for the night , maybe Sofie 's curse wouldn 't work .
va	NNS	The doctors didn 't know what was wrong with her .
va	NN	" All right , everybody listen ! "
va	NNS	The white lilies were just beginning to bloom .
va	NN	The frame was bright orange where the fire had burned everything but metal .
va	NN	The suicidal aren 't at all predictable . "
va	NNS	These green trees and blackberries and blueberries bushes around him with spider webs between them were gorgeous .
va	NNS	Goddess is a generous Goddess .
va	NN	As can the god , here . "
va	NNS	Then the demon masters will break through and we 're finished .
va	NN	" This fog should hide us just as well as darkness would .
va	NNS	" Our permits and licenses give us clearance in many areas .
va	NN	A shiver runs through me .
va	NN	The newborn got his arms around him .
va	NN	My shame dug at me like a knife .
va	NN	The struggle began to not let myself feel anything , to think only of what has to be endured to survive .
va	NN	As the bird got within normal vision range , the viewpoint shifted back centered above the thick , animated lines of its body .
va	NNS	Enforcers were capable of becoming any of the monsters in order to defeat them .
va	NNS	Maximus caught Gretchen 's arm before she reached me , but she was still close enough to get a look inside the box .
va	NN	Amongst all of this , to control her reputation , the Queen had hired many storytellers who were spreading tales around the kingdom .
va	NNS	The metal noises abruptly stop .
va	NN	This bloke needs a mechanic ! '
va	NNS	Nikolas did see Helen 's point though ; the beds were all empty .
va	NN	The jewel of which I spake is more fair .
va	NN	Maybe the library had once had a doorway of its own , one that had been closed up .
va	NNS	And as she 'd proved over the past two weeks , very few obstacles perturbed Kate .
va	NN	" The estate of Ray Kenwood . "
va	NNS	The engineers who had developed the process were worth every penny .
va	NNS	The two cops looked at Steven , trying to figure out what to do with him .
va	NN	The tablecloth lay atop the garbage pail , where Garrett had thrown it in an act of sheer , foolish pride .
va	NNS	Tears ran freely down her cheeks until they both tasted the slight salt on their tongues .
va	NN	But , at any rate , the fund had benefited to the amount of a thousand millions by this little outburst of imperial rivalry .
va	NNS	Men would walk in space , climb Mount Everest without oxygen , make its own clone and the list is endless .
va	NN	The passage eventually levelled as we caught up to the first monk .
va	NN	" The swelling is a lot for her brain to handle .
va	NNS	" Seven thousand bucks , " Yank repeated to himself .
va	NN	A bunch of other kids start looking at me and Henry , wide-eyed .
va	NNS	The gatherings often grew into delightful feasts of food , drink , and warm company .
va	NNS	Their arguments were pretty much a source of entertainment to everyone . "
va	NN	Somebody tell me ! "
va	NN	As long as she unwrapped the butter pats first .
va	NN	She 's acting sorry ... wants us to start over ... " " Interesting , " Charlie said .
va	NNS	The few houses and the clumps of red or yellowish trees were in no way remarkable .
va	NNS	Tears ran down Donald 's cheeks .
va	NN	The disclosure of what she held in her hand had also enhanced the provenance for the artist in general .
va	NN	Lorraine 's perfume surrounded her .
va	NN	A sudden gush of emotion made me tear up .
va	NN	Disappointment flashed over Bradley 's freckled face , but he quickly recovered .
va	NN	" Your bath awaits . "
va	NN	A bunch of brainiac students went underground and acquired the funds , equipment and a ship to make it out to Charon to look for aliens ?
va	NNS	The ships will be here shortly .
va	NNS	" Regardless of their reasons , those pods would be well worth trying to grab when we hit the ground . "
va	NN	The angle worked and he didn 't .
va	NN	There was an attached tag that stated the room was in the Chelsea Hotel .
va	NNS	My fists clenched as I gave the arrogant young witch a heartfelt plea .
va	NNS	Tears streamed down the little girl 's face .
va	NN	A branch cracked nearby , and Emily looked down Spencer 's front walk to the dark , quiet street .
va	NN	Every muscle ached , and she felt parched , like she had been wrung so dry she was hollow .
va	NNS	Four more trips would be necessary to provide enough water for the morning , then in the afternoon she would do it all again .
va	NN	Two months ago a warlock showed up in Antipolo , where I 'd been living for a while .
va	NN	The warlock seemed much surprised to learn that Mr. Harris had perished a year earlier .
va	NN	Raven starts walking again .
va	NN	'Cause that 's what I 'm here for , to help you kill the Spider so we can both get paid .
va	NNS	As the mourners dispersed .
va	NNS	Tears fill her eyes , and I realize how much this woman desperately needs a break .
va	NNS	Agnes , by this stage , had manoeuvred her way to the front of the group , and was standing by Michael 's side .
va	NNS	Although he was persecuted , the obstacles only made him stronger .
va	NN	The journey left little time for sleep .
va	NNS	" There 's all kinds of things they do for that nowadays . "
va	NNS	The scars offer nothing new , but I 'm going to have to do something about the marks forming on my neck .
va	NN	A bunch of people wanted out .
va	NN	" So your Mum works abroad , then ? "
va	NNS	Rhys gave me a one-armed hug , and whispered , " Sorry to move your favorite out of his spot . "
va	NNS	Other shapes were bobbing to the surface all around the frantically treading wizards .
va	NNS	Chip scars are so slight that I thought it came from the injections .
va	NN	A cigarette wobbled between her fingers , spewed ash .
va	NN	Confusion muddles his features .
va	NN	" But the military rarely moves quickly when civilian requests are involved .
va	NNS	There were a few small shops on the block , but they were all closed at night . "
va	NN	An explosion of pain erupted in her vision and she reeled back , desperately trying to concentrate .
va	NN	Of poisoning your patient ? "
va	NN	But what greatness was this mad king chasing ?
va	NNS	His caress stilled then he put a finger under her chin and lifted her face to his .
va	NNS	Nikolas flipped open the nuncio and lifted it to Tim .
va	NN	Or some nonsense like that .
va	NNS	Metis paused , letting us all try to wrap our minds around that odd statement .
va	NN	This bloke wants to buy something at the bakery ! '
va	NNS	In the guard 's station , two Titans were laughingly making bets about the prisoners .
va	NNS	More politicians , and he just wanted to enjoy his Saturday alone with Amanda .
va	NN	His playfulness eased a couple of nerves .
va	NNS	These drawings weren 't as big as the Crypt 's blueprints were .
va	NN	The post slid away , singing merrily .
va	NN	" Always nice to see you , Harlin , " my sister says , a wry smile on her lips .
va	NN	No matter what my opinion was , the Were had to go to the best and closest hospital .
va	NNS	Eris caught it in her hands and shoulder , its weight driving even her to her knees .
va	NN	The bakery isn 't open on Sundays .
va	NNS	He winces , takes short breaths as he moves .
va	NN	Somebody pulled the chute off me and rolled me over .
va	NN	No sooner had the conductor moved to the next car than the door of that car opened and a crowd of well-dressed men stormed down the aisle .
va	NNS	Parents were yelling and trying to pull their children away , but they weren 't having much luck .
va	NNS	The cops don 't have to know she 's one and the same .
va	NN	And Mama understood that Natalie had decided not to tell her about this affair knowing her opinion about such things .
va	NN	The designer frock gathered in a heap at her heels .
va	NNS	The feasting leopard felt threatened , flashing its snarl , the two leopards hissing threats in muted roars as they began to parry in a circle .
va	NN	' Bruised since I hit it with a T-shirt order , ' Dane chuckled .
va	NNS	Heat flared through her , her toes curled as her eyes closed .
va	NN	So the portal was on Bourbon Street .
va	NN	The fourth symbol goes into place , completing the circle of protection that traps the spirit .
va	NNS	But more birds swooped in and John had many more opportunities .
va	NNS	An animalistic hiss cried above them .
va	NNS	A hiss of rage sounded .
va	NNS	Our guests should be arriving soon . "
va	NNS	Tears dripped down her cheeks and onto her chin .
va	NN	Another series of quakes shook the house knocking him to the floor and he heard a crash downstairs .
va	NNS	The ships were moving so fast it was hard to see their shape .
va	NNS	Small restaurant chimneys , air conditioners , wires , and electricity counters protruded from the buildings ' backs .
va	NNS	Tears fell from Mia 's eyes .
va	NNS	Eris listened intently , without interruption or distraction , until he was finished .
va	NN	The best indication of it is how irritated I get when I hear or take part in arguments and debates outside this department .
va	NN	His grace and ease in such a domestic environment made her breath hitch just a bit .
va	NN	Her headache was returning .
va	NN	Okay , so riding on the boys ' bus is like going to another planet .
va	NNS	If you have the connections and money , labels are completely useless . "
va	NN	Blood and bits of the old man 's bone still stain my hands .
va	NNS	There were white hairs there , mingled with the dark hair that had covered his arms now for so many years .
va	NN	" But not to the menu , " Mama said , crossing her arms .
va	NN	Fear cascaded through her in an icy cold wash .
va	NNS	Figures always eluded me . "
va	NN	the chief ordered , the blunt end of his spear pushing down hard on my shoulder .
va	NN	Her fingertips tingled , a gust of wind pushed the suit 's fabric tight against her breasts .
va	NN	" The president assigned me herself .
va	NN	" A certain Russian engineer named Viktor . "
va	NN	A strong whiff of wheat beer filled the room as a worker exited the brewing room .
va	NN	I stepped outside , my pistol clutched in my hands .
va	NNS	But the points of their pikes made contact with his back .
va	NNS	The unmistakeable tones of the Safety Officer at the factory sang into his ear .
va	NN	Her exhale was audible .
va	NNS	Against her tongue , fangs exploded , sharp incisors , hungry and waiting .
va	NN	For those who were not experienced traders on these rivers , the journey of their vessels was fascinating .
va	NN	The witch my forefathers burned lives on , does she not ?
va	NN	If only that skill could translate to finding that mysterious cavern ... " Would we even be able to see the entrance in this darkness ? "
va	NN	After using a new iPhone , her BlackBerry struck her as old and banged-up .
va	NN	The current of air rifling past seemed proof enough that the passage twisted along to somewhere inside the Church .
va	NNS	Thick lashes fanned the tips of his cheeks and those lashes had to be the envy of every mascara ad out there .
va	NNS	There are secrets hid even from me .
va	NNS	A few scattered pockets survived , and some had come through relatively unharmed .
va	NNS	The crowds were getting ridiculous .
va	NNS	Spirits were high and the mood was relaxed .
va	NN	" Why would anybody do that ? "
va	NNS	Several hooks lined the wall in front of him and saw his cape hung from one .
va	NNS	However , her virtues were real enough .
va	NN	The glimmering enclosed him , growing in brightness till Rosa had to shut her eyes .
va	NN	The book Wizard shook and tossed the mystic candle aside and flung open its pages .
va	NNS	Another two mugs followed in quick succession before he was forced to stop for a breath .
va	NN	Of course , there was also the possibility that they had planned carefully and just not told him about it until the last minute .
va	NN	Of course , my paycheck took some damage to pay for her Armani blouse . "
va	NN	" What 's agile ? "
va	NN	The chauffeur came to a stop and Abigail stepped out .
va	NN	The Law of Human Nature , or of Right and Wrong , must he something above and beyond the actual facts of human behaviour .
va	NN	Another surge of moist heat dampened her thighs .
va	NNS	Somehow the roots searched out the bones !
va	NN	But this patch of mud here , this was different .
va	NN	Her breast flexed as he sucked .
va	NN	The humor fled from his face as he let out a long sigh .
va	NN	Any tensing on my part could push out the baby , and that was something I refused to do until I saw my husband .
va	NN	Her bodyguard almost rammed her bumper .
va	NN	The incident had given him a headache .
va	NNS	Only female patients can get through the door . '
va	NNS	Tears gathered in her eyes and streaked down the sides of her face , trailing along the crease of her ears before they disappeared into her hair .
va	NNS	A complete quietness covered everything around like a sarcophagus , filling the boys with nagging loneliness .
va	NN	My god , that 's the first thing you learn in law school .
va	NNS	The cops drive these things for a reason . "
va	NN	The barge , under whose huge tarpaulin something was already taking shape , wallowed between the boats .
va	NN	There was one obstacle after another that the nurse ran into while trying to find a pen .
va	NN	The landscape was different now ; she could not fail to notice it wherever she looked .
va	NN	' All right Kenny , join in with the rest of your mates and follow my team 's instructions to the letter .
va	NNS	A million ribbons of pleasure spread through her body as his tongue slid the entire length of her fingers while his teeth gently nipped her flesh .
va	NN	The barman stuck his nose in his glass again , sipped , then stared at the ceiling as he swirled the liquid in his mouth .
va	NNS	The lass went to her father with her fears and he discounted them .
va	NNS	Bodies lay burning and unmoving .
va	NNS	Too much rides on this for me to yield to my impulses , but using my head instead doesn 't come easy .
va	NN	Today , because they were wrapping up after the lunch rush , only a handful of patrons sat inside .
va	NNS	Carved into the hillsides , small farms with neat rows of green overlooked the deep blue ocean shimmering off in the distance .
va	NN	Billy said fiercely , his meek attitude vanishing .
va	NN	The floats and the press of people were hiding him from view , but this wouldn 't last long .
va	NNS	Seconds became minutes and then hours as time became a blur to Matthew .
va	NNS	The thirty pounds she 's put on since the photo drip from beneath a pink tank top and the skin under her eyes is a heavy black .
va	NNS	The pharmaceutical companies were a thing of the past .
va	NN	The guest speaker canceled last-minute and we didn 't have a back-up . "
va	NNS	The dogs will probably find me .
va	NN	The wicker furniture crumbled to dust .
va	NN	The clerk pulled out a rental agreement , silently read it over and underlined the appropriate section before handing it to Lorraine .
va	NN	Confusion smoothed from her face .
va	NNS	In it , two more corpses lay under the covers , like they had gone to sleep one night and never woke up .
va	NN	The crisp moonlight illuminates the compacted snow that settles so firmly to the rocky abyss .
va	NN	My gut clenched as I raced over to her .
va	NN	" The weather 's starting to turn bad . "
va	NNS	" The gods fear us and therefore they want to control us any way they can . "
va	NN	Room service knocked on the door and Ethan went to answer it .
va	NN	There was no trace of her .
va	NNS	Your daughters need you .
va	NN	The waitress was leaving their table when he got back .
va	NNS	A heavy hand fel on Bonnie 's shoulder , and she screamed and whipped around , her fists raised in a desperate bid to defend herself .
va	NN	A shiver went through her and a different frequency began vibrating .
va	NNS	I looked around knew not to tell her the numbers .
va	NN	Maybe the crab was asleep .
va	NN	The perimeter around him was just as gray and lifeless .
va	NNS	" Your choices are rather limited .
va	NNS	Tears streamed down the faces of each of us .
va	NNS	" The cops had zero tolerance because of my record .
va	NNS	Happiness sparkled back at him .
va	NNS	Smaller lamps on the balconies are now shedding a warm glow on the items around them .
va	NN	Twisting in her seat , her skirt slid up another couple of inches .
va	NN	' The chopper will transport them to an abandoned airfield some miles from here , where they 'll take a jet to their final destination . '
va	NNS	Along with the butterflies of fear that took flight in her stomach were tendrils of excitement , rich and heady .
va	NN	There was no shine to them , no inner light .
va	NN	The volume of Stacy 's voice went up .
va	NN	Like the wisdom of an ancient culture , Joe B. 's second encounter with the stairs that day began with a single step .
va	NN	The bench groaned under his weight .
va	NN	Then the interrogation began ; she questioned me about my family life , my occupation and inane details about the events of that day .
va	NN	The foyer was huge with a high cathedral ceiling graced with a sparkling chandelier that looked like a host of tiny stars floating in mid-air .
va	NN	" My existence is a testament to speed . "
va	NN	With a visible effort the cur halted his retreat , gathering his shaken courage as he sent her a chiding glare .
va	NN	There was the bulletin from Barbara Blake 's funeral service , and there was the ring from Robert .
va	NNS	Finally the riders lined up , cameras flashed , the starter 's gun sounded and the race was on .
va	NNS	" Gods , " she muttered when White Van pulled out moments later .
va	NN	What 's the other five percent ? "
va	NNS	There were sketches of several girls pinned to the walls .
va	NNS	The springs are poking out of this one . "
va	NN	" My armor protected me . "
va	NNS	All the ghouls rushed after him in a blur and collided with each other in a mob of confused shadows until Tristan swung around and snarled .
va	NN	The squadron who had just entered approached us .
va	NNS	Two single beds bordered the bedroom .
va	NNS	Eyes shifted around the room .
va	NN	The skunk escaped through the narrow fence to the safety of the woods beyond .
va	NNS	" Time tourists , " Aros said .
va	NN	Then a sermon came about the disadvantages of marrying someone from a different caste or state .
va	NN	The clerk set about dumping the food out onto plates for them , and soon the couple was settled in a corner .
va	NNS	This morning 's events rushed back to her .
va	NN	He was breathless now , the queer wild look in his eyes brighter than ever .
va	NN	The garden was empty , as everyone else was inside and out of the fall weather .
va	NNS	" There 's all those buttons . "
va	NNS	And the games there are the best around . "
va	NN	And my father 's solution was to drug her .
va	NNS	the abbess seemed to only just notice that Sister Oana was there .
va	NN	A caster stands in the circle ready to banish captured spirits to prisons within the walls .
va	NNS	Tears stung his eyes .
va	NNS	Tears filled Emily 's eyes .
va	NN	Soon all the west had declared its allegiance to him or suffered his wrath .
va	NN	The engines thunder and it begins its takeoff roll .
va	NNS	" Guys who come here a lot buy a bottle and pay the snack bar owner to keep the bottle here .
va	NNS	Your arguments convinced me : the texts are authentic .
va	NNS	Back then , the islands of Maine were worlds unto themselves , complete with bars , bowling alleys , and dance halls .
va	NN	The CNRS campus was on a one hundred and sixty acre estate within the town itself .
va	NN	Far overhead , a tiny star shone in the darkness .
va	NN	" The closet looked a little cramped .
va	NN	The theater lets out , and I blend into the crowd as I make my way outside .
va	NN	" The Queen of Louisiana , " I said cautiously .
va	NNS	With wings extended , the birds soared before suddenly diving down to the field .
va	NNS	Grandma stares down at us with one eyebrow raised .
va	NN	" So where 's the mama ? "
va	NNS	Street lamps winked on here and there in slow progression , a preparation for the fast approaching night .
va	NN	The humanoid chauffeur thought up a response that would put him in the director-general 's good graces .
va	NN	A bunch of thoughts flew into my head .
va	NN	As the shears closed and the ribbon fell away , a blinding crackle of lightning shattered across the sky .
va	NN	The apparition seemed to be waiting for her to speak , but Angie , her throat tight with fear , couldn 't form any words .
va	NNS	Beads of sweat stood out on Hanna 's forehead .
va	NNS	Fried hush puppies are of course crucial .
va	NN	His cunning little queen , she could smell the difference in them now .
va	NN	But a lifetime spent around boats had given her the knowledge needed to make such a judgment call .
va	NNS	Not just sharing a garden bench during lunch , the birds capturing as much of his attention as she did .
va	NNS	Strangely , those small scars added to his sex appeal , making him more masculine , more irresistible .
va	NN	" Sorry , " the foreman said .
va	NNS	The tangled conflicts she had managed to delicately unravel were legendary .
va	NN	The familiarity and sense of belonging in this house is something I need to calm me down so that I no longer feel like bursting into tears .
va	NN	" One little nuisance can spoil the texture of the entire region .
va	NN	' Ah , but who 's to say what a happy ending is ?
va	NN	His tenderness was just more than I could bear .
va	NN	And the liberally applied perfume didn 't mask the smell of decay .
va	NNS	At the dawn of history , similar feline howls must have made our ancestors huddle closer to the fire .
va	NNS	Men could not transform into wolves .
va	NN	The fairy giggled and pointed to the pool .
va	NNS	Soon enough , the doctors were saying she was insane , and they locked her in a facility a couple hours south of here .
va	NNS	The worm stings were getting worse , not only in her head now but spreading through her body until she thought she might go mad .
va	NNS	Although expensive , because of the air plane ride into the lodge , rafters could usually purchase items like ice and cold beer .
va	NN	" What you have in mind " , the owner asked him casually , not even looking at him .
va	NNS	" There were no other marks or anything on his body that might have suggested foul play ? "
va	NN	" There 's protocol , Son .
va	NN	Your sire has murdered my son , and you will be silent , or I will forget myself and give him an eye for an eye ! "
va	NN	A branch in a nearby tree cracked ominously .
va	NNS	The hairs on Cadaver 's arms lengthen menacingly and he whines softly .
va	NNS	Other disturbing events rushed through too quickly for him to remember .
va	NN	My Queen is alone .
va	NNS	The cops don 't even come anymore .
va	NNS	Maybe other events had happened but had not been documented .
va	NN	This section of the planet had its face turned toward the sun .
va	NN	" And that is your recommendation ? "
va	NNS	But valid excuses never really have completely wiped that scene from my mind .
va	NN	A shudder snaked through her .
va	NNS	Cardboard boxes and racks of women 's clothing packed the other side .
va	NN	the professor asked , stopping his task of grading papers .
va	NN	" This god could be promising Lucian the head of the Council or gods know what else .
va	NN	My goodness , she was stunning .
va	NNS	No lakes , rivers , ponds , or whatever .
va	NNS	Or the patients he was testing were so far advanced that maybe they could not be changed .
va	NNS	" Can these seeds take us out of here ? "
va	NNS	The three Shifters , in their animal forms , leapt from the fire escape to the ground two floors below and sprinted into the darkness .
va	NN	The news reporter came on screen and began to speak .
va	NNS	When I closed my lips around his tip , his breaths became frantic , and I knew he was close .
va	NNS	Dark lilies bloomed by the trout pool , where little plaster skeleton gnomes fished .
va	NN	" Does your Majesty recall your garden ? "
va	NNS	" Their agents are pretty thick on the ground over here , at the moment , so they are difficult to monitor . "
va	NN	My greatest torment , however , has become thirst .
va	NNS	The hunters were as close as they dared let them get to the cruiser .
va	NN	Her temper was back , which was fine with him .
va	NN	His handshake was crushingly strong .
va	NNS	The guests should begin arriving in about ten minutes .
va	NNS	On the white arm of the coat , two baseball bats cross over each other .
va	NN	Melissa stared at him across the front seat of the old Ford , a wry look on her face .
va	NN	The chopper would be on him soon .
va	NN	If he could not think about it then maybe the answer or a least a clue to the answer would pop into his brain .
va	NN	The low rumble of Trent 's bike is the only answer I get and then we 're moving .
va	NNS	Men were running by when the next door opened .
va	NN	" Our nation is special . "
va	NNS	6 Clint came out from behind the corner , stepping softly toward Chewy 's turned back .
va	NNS	The three tanks held a total of 500 gallons of fresh water .
va	NN	All this violence made me tired .
va	NNS	It was just a little above my knees and , like I said , the sleeves were long .
va	NN	" If you 're lucky , this calm weather will hold out for a couple more days .
va	NN	A grate is real handy for cooking food , which is why so many people bring their own , usually racks from old refrigerators or stoves .
va	NN	" I 'd like to keep you on , " the director said .
va	NN	" There is talent in killing , like all things .
va	NNS	A joyous giggle that came from somewhere deep inside him .
va	NNS	Two mugs and a carafe appeared .
va	NN	The carnal invitation there was already blatant , but it was obviously not enough for Vania , who mouthed to Staffan , Join us .
va	NN	Raven leaned her body against the glass shower stall .
va	NNS	The tubes suggested they had been feeding him intravenously .
va	NN	His grasp tightened and with extraordinary ease he managed to clear a path and lead her onto the darkened terrace .
va	NN	Their delightful appearance didn 't end there .
va	NNS	Behind her the low , constant rumble that had been moving ever closer and louder became the distinct sound of galloping horses .
va	NN	And if her mother wouldn 't answer those questions , there was always an alternative .
va	NNS	The crops that were once isolated to the areas around Amity headquarters have spread , and continue to spread through all the grassy spaces around the city .
va	NN	Fury looked at her as he cut a piece of turkey on his plate .
va	NNS	There were no issues , no problems , no pasts in the way .
va	NNS	There weren 't any noises coming from the bedroom .
va	NN	But when what seemed like an eternity had passed and still nothing had happened , the anxiety of the situation finally overwhelmed her .
va	NN	A muscle ticked in his jaw and she had to stifle the urge to stroke his skin .
va	NNS	Flashes of light burst behind her eyes , a show of brilliant color , while her body pulsed with pleasure .
va	NN	The waitress appears with a coffee pot .
va	NNS	The fangs pierced my shield , stopping an inch away from my scales , the force shoving me backwards into the hole .
va	NNS	Tears came to his mother 's eyes .
va	NN	Raven let out her breath slowly , thankfully .
va	NN	Only ten percent of smokers get cancer , so what about the other ninety percent ?
va	NNS	Apparently stalkers formed small bony plates in their tissues .
va	NNS	The scooter riders were , in their own way , as impressive as Angkor Wat .
va	NN	The background noises , and the haunting , overlapping whispers , didn 't help .
va	NNS	Peach toes sparkled from spiky emerald heels .
va	NNS	The blackness cleared from where she touched him only to fill in when she removed her finger .
va	NN	The entire encampment had a wall surrounding it made up of reeds or some kind of vegetation .
va	NN	My temper started to flare , and I nearly agreed with Aunt Tatiana until I took a moment to mentally replay what Sydney had said .
va	NNS	His rudeness caught her off guard .
va	NNS	The Winterville scouts had taken off a few minutes before to check the perimeter traps and see if any of our severed heads had been removed .
va	NNS	Brontes watched the spires burn , bonfires glowing in the murky light of dusk .
va	NNS	Her intentions seemed too scrambled for me to know which point I should begin to challenge her on .
va	NNS	Both ships were 400 feet long , equipped with torpedo launchers , anti-submarine rockets , and large artillery guns .
va	NN	More than that , exhaustion carved strain lines in the corners of his pale blue eyes behind round glasses .
va	NN	The clerk took the card and handed the room keys to Jacques .
va	NNS	" These pads weren 't here before .
va	NNS	Business conflicts with Rashid at their core ... ya Ullah , Rashid ... He hadn 't thought anything could be worse than what had happened with Roxanne .
va	NN	The new helicopter managed to get around front and take a head-on tack .
va	NNS	Tears were streaming down my face as I sped through the darkened forest .
va	NNS	Their school expenses were legitimate and she couldn 't defer them .
va	NNS	The agents and Burnett stood only fifty feet away , yet loneliness crept in .
va	NN	At her dry tone , the twitching became a full grin .
va	NN	Thick white foam slid out of his mouth .
va	NNS	By that time the scouts had gone out of sight .
va	NNS	Her long lashes fluttered as her throat worked , but she was valiant and determined , her mouth loving him as he poured into her .
va	NN	So , I decided to become a boxer , and the fortunately for me , this gym was close to the poster .
va	NNS	My pulse races wildly , my heart pounds like a sonic boom .
va	NN	On both sides of the narrow road the landscape was the same as we had seen from our apartment window .
va	NN	The statement was meaningless to him .
va	NNS	Six daughters and not one was you .
va	NN	A kick to the knees doesn 't bother a vampire from the Red Court - their actual knees are all backward anyway .
va	NN	Alanna didn 't think before standing up , then shouted at Thomas , " Turn AROUND ! "
va	NNS	And all those specimens of rats and chickens and other things he 'd found near the wreck had disappeared from his makeshift workspace in the office .
va	NN	In his hand was a brown envelope that he placed on the nearest display counter and looked around at the few people in the store .
va	NNS	Weeks of action compressed into a few hours !
va	NN	The Manhattan skyline had never held so little appeal to her .
va	NN	There was the prospect of an international news story .
va	NNS	There were some parts that I hadn 't told her .
va	NNS	" What are your theories ? "
va	NNS	Their gazes met and held , and she knew things between them could never be the way they used to be .
va	NNS	Smooth beads in earthy colors formed a symmetrical pattern on either side of a round pendant .
va	NNS	Tears glinted in her eyes .
va	NNS	Our hostess dropped her gaze .
va	NNS	Everywhere along the main hallway and through the living room , hundreds of candles , most of them made from black wax , are burning .
va	NN	Hopefully , the seller had answers .
va	NN	But the alternative would be -- " I can 't believe this . "
va	NNS	" The way I figure it , there are two kinds of love .
va	NNS	Fergus picked up his pad , understanding that they were annoyed with him and he was being dismissed .
va	NNS	There were a few gasps and lots of laughs , but then everyone started talking at once .
va	NNS	" We kinda gave up on following orders when we picked up these guys . "
va	NNS	Fergus nodded to the guy and stepped inside the room door .
va	NN	My beautiful little iPhone was on charge and ready to use as I collapsed on my bed .
va	NN	The Parma section of his guidebook had been rather scant .
va	NNS	The two agents relaxed a bit .
va	NNS	The empress sent for Rasputin , and he came and eased the boy 's suffering .
va	NNS	Nikolas looked to Jack .
va	NNS	Even her wrinkles had wrinkles .
va	NN	Her enthusiasm for the object was clear .
va	NN	the waitress asked as she sat Helen 's drink on the table .
va	NNS	The ghouls shook their heads .
va	NNS	Their breaths all turned to steamy mist as they exhaled .
va	NN	Joe 's enthusiasm indicated his interest was immediately piqued .
va	NN	My amazement brought smiles to both their faces .
va	NNS	My tie 's gone , the top three buttons of my shirt open .
va	NN	The bodyguard was frowning .
va	NN	An arrow streaked through the dense underbrush and hit something solid , which collapsed to the ground .
va	NNS	Tears shine in Violetta 's eyes .
va	NNS	His irises radiated their emotion like tiny prisms of the most beautiful emerald .
va	NNS	Human brains were , after all , simply vast collections of billions of neural cells .
va	NNS	There were great staircases that swept down from the wings above .
va	NN	The queen has already offered to help you ; you should take her up on it . "
va	NNS	Men who preferred sticking to the shadows rather than showing their faces under the stadium lights .
va	NN	Darkness fell in the night .
va	NN	The passport clerk seemed deflated .
va	NN	The bank manager then checked the amount of money in the safe and as long it was within tolerance , then all was well .
va	NNS	The threats could have all been set up by him , especially if he 'd had a psychotic break .
va	NNS	The knots were difficult to untie and Edan drew his dagger to saw at the cloth .
va	NNS	In the Highlands , sons waiting to inherit have no special titles or positions .
va	NN	The closet had been easily assessable .
va	NNS	The second she did , the cravings came back , now that it was fully dark .
va	NNS	Tears came to my eyes , and the blood that began to pour out of me caused me some alarm .
va	NNS	The second four buttons are all Destruction . "
va	NNS	Ah , gods , stop that ! "
va	NN	There was dense tree growth running along both sides as far as I could see .
va	NNS	The pages flipped , names were checked , and the door slid open .
va	NN	The fruit in that tree was just fruit , but they made it mean more .
va	NN	There was a string of greens for several blocks before Chase slipped through a few yellows .
va	NNS	Two officers interrupt us to take our statement .
va	NN	His diamond earring glinted as he looked around cautiously .
va	NNS	Grass and weeds had invaded the top of the small grave , the black soil hardly visible anymore .
va	NNS	Fellows put the box on the dressing table , took out a blunt tin nail he kept for such occasions , and quickly forced open the lock .
va	NN	His height didn 't just make him taller than her ; it was a power struggle .
va	NN	Eccentric behavior is the norm not the exception .
va	NN	Bria nodded , then glanced across the rotunda at Owen , who was still speaking to Cooper .
va	NNS	' Most babies are .
va	NNS	Tears of frustration and anger burned her eyes .
va	NNS	Tears blurred her vision .
va	NNS	Silver snap buttons held his shirt together .
va	NN	Maybe this society was even more complex and different than he had imagined .
va	NNS	All these agents on the outside while battles raged inside .
va	NN	Only a small patch of velcro prevented the bag from having an accident .
va	NN	Above his scarred face a helmet with blood red hair trailing out the top capped his head .
va	NNS	The beasts looked like huge ragged wolves .
va	NN	My anxiety starts to return when I see the first patrol car pull into the parking lot .
va	NNS	The second and third trips were equally quick and uneventful .
va	NNS	When they 're having trouble with insects , the farmers make a large pile of those trees and then set fire to them .
va	NN	Somebody had come to sweep and clean , as they said in the trade .
va	NNS	Tears stung Kate 's eyes .
va	NN	Even though they were fully clothed , her every nerve ending came alive with awareness .
va	NNS	" The producers started going all Ayn Rand on her , refusing to play her game .
va	NNS	The diamonds in her ears sparkled when she flipped her long blonde hair over her shoulder .
va	NN	When he blinked , the lid did not fully close .
va	NN	My exception back into the Colony of Hand was one of the rare instances in which this had been allowed , as I mentioned before .
va	NNS	No matter how much money I make , there 's never more than a hundred dollars in my bank account . "
va	NN	She nodded , a wry smile crossing her face .
va	NN	He smiled at her then , a wry smile that made her heart break .
va	NNS	Men were not to enter here , except the lady 's husband .
va	NN	" What the fuck happened ? "
va	NN	The technology was old .
va	NN	The lake was black , and the sky was black with faraway stars .
va	NN	That outcome will not change .
va	NNS	Recently , their discussions were more about how he should spend his money than how he should make it .
va	NNS	The manacles slipped off my wrists , and I almost cried just for that .
va	NNS	These two parts of my world didn 't mesh well at all .
va	NNS	Tears filled Edna 's eyes and she stood and turned to depart down the trail .
va	NN	" How was his behavior ? "
va	NNS	Removing chunks of someone 's DNA doesn 't immediately produce some kind of zombie .
va	NNS	There were , however , circumstances under which the Governor 's choice of successor was null and void .
va	NN	The crest imprinted in the wax was not a design that Peter was familiar with , and he was knowledgeable of such matters .
va	NN	End up glued to his side being showered with all sorts of false attention when all I wanted was to dance with someone else .
va	NNS	" Ten cents is fine . "
va	NNS	The remnants of the violent images finally fade enough so that I can concentrate on what my father is telling me .
va	NN	The odor of urine and brine wafted through the air .
va	NNS	The two Fey cranked open the gate very , very slowly .
va	NN	His tan was fading , and he was even pissed about that .
va	NNS	All five Bailey Woods players pointed toward their basket and the referee agreed , " Ball deflected off green !
va	NNS	There were so many players , so many conditions I couldn 't control , so many factors . "
va	NN	There was a deadbolt mounted in the door and it was locked .
va	NNS	Behind him , the dogs were snarling and snapping at each other in an effort to gain the lead position in the chase .
va	NN	The falcon gazed at Boy and nervously asked , " Is this a joke ?
va	NN	The frightful display only reminded Stephanie of the calling heard seconds ago .
va	NNS	" Why don 't angels show themselves then ?
va	NNS	Men from the twenty-first century grumbled when women left in pairs to go to the ladies room .
va	NNS	Tears stung the backs of Clary 's eyes .
va	NN	" Help guard the Protector ! "
va	NN	The doorman took it and slipped it into his coat pocket , then crossed his arms again .
va	NN	This had always been there , lying in wait , an ambush set to take us over .
va	NN	To my right , an abnormally young patron was sitting at one of the bar stool sipping a lemonade through a straw .
va	NN	A twinge of possessiveness fired through him .
va	NN	The undead has chosen to give up his soul .
va	NN	The department gleefully springs into action , adrenaline charged and ready to take ownership of the problem .
va	NNS	Tears streamed down Rachel 's face .
va	NNS	What are your terms ? "
va	NNS	The conversations echoed around the rafters of the old building .
va	NN	The name ' Main ' seemed too goofy .
va	NNS	What are my duties to be while I 'm staying here ? "
va	NN	The dispatch radio hummed , as the teams maintained radio silence .
va	NNS	" All three of these cages reach the service levels , so why did Amanda 's captors use the middle elevator ?
va	NNS	" Losing patients is totally something else . "
va	NN	His erection looked imposing , jutting out with the end glistening with pre-cum .
va	NNS	Her employees would be delighted to see her talking to anyone other than herself and her dog .
va	NN	" Somebody has a key to it and no , you won 't wither and die because you have it on .
va	NN	" I ´ m here to save your world , your planet and the 7th quadrant , " the alien explains .
va	NNS	Tears filled her eyes .
va	NNS	If I ended my life , the archangels would see it .
va	NN	To make things worse , the orchestra of hellish sounds was louder than before .
va	NN	Eventually , exhaustion took over , and I collapsed onto the cot .
va	NN	Even if it wasn 't , her suspicion melted into a warm welcome .
va	NNS	Sweat beads begin to accumulate along my hairline .
va	NNS	The passports were fine .
va	NNS	Bones received two more deep swipes before he could secure a blade and attack back .
va	NNS	Men knotted up in tuxedos accompanied them .
va	NN	The entire structure , Victor proudly informed her , totalled around 2,100 square feet .
va	NNS	Matthias sighed , turning to look out at the view now .
va	NNS	There were two beds , one a lavishly draped four-poster and the other a single beneath the window .
va	NN	The arrow went straight and true , and a dead bat fell to the ground some distance from the fire .
va	NN	" He loved to sit here and watch the ocean , " Mama said , leaning against her .
va	NN	This community is actually pretty accepting .
va	NN	The weather has changed while you were asleep . "
va	NN	" The original owner thought five dollars was a good price for it , considering market conditions .
va	NN	Anything that made it look like what it was -- the position of the bodies , the locked door ... It all got shoveled away .
va	NN	Anything else was just not acceptable .
va	NN	The waitress came out from behind the counter and stood poised with a towel , uncertain .
va	NNS	There were even blue lotus blossoms drifting down from trees in the air , falling gently across the cobblestone streets .
va	NN	Somebody will tell you what to do with every waking hour of your life .
va	NNS	Bullets whined through the air and scored the ground next to her .
va	NNS	My sons will see that you are fed and given the chance to recover from your journey . "
va	NN	The figurine was of a man holding a child in his arms .
va	NN	The detonation he 'd heard had been deliberate .
va	NNS	There are two towns in Arkansas named Montrose .
va	NNS	Janelle faced the Tempest High Leader , fists balled .
va	NN	" No retching noises or snide remarks ? "
va	NNS	The tracks up there would be less disturbed by milling cattle , or scavengers in the night .
va	NNS	" Current circumstances aside ? "
va	NN	" But there is no alternative .
va	NN	The long dull continuous beep returned to its steady rhythm .
va	NN	The blue crystal that imprisoned the angel suddenly seemed more like ice , and not nearly strong enough .
va	NN	The arrow shot straight up toward one of the bats .
va	NNS	As her grandpa led her forward , guests turned in amazement with gasps and whispers behind raised hands .
va	NN	There was a low rumble , and Eddie felt the floor shake under his feet .
va	NNS	Polonius spoke quietly , but it seemed as if he was reading the prince 's mind .
va	NN	The third kick was the hardest , twisting his supporting left ankle a little too far .
va	NNS	A million hammers pounded his head .
va	NN	Whenever I did so , swearing ensued .
va	NNS	Chances are half of them will believe it .
va	NNS	When his eyes moved upward , his fangs elongated .
va	NNS	Large chimneys and boilers made the backdrop .
va	NN	The surf was barely visible now , just a thread of silver along the charcoal shoreline .
va	NNS	Tears start to itch behind my eyes , but I blink them away .
va	NN	The bench needs to be picked up a little . "
va	NN	Next , the Queen would hit them with the cue ball , which Alice didn 't see on the table .
va	NNS	They got up , touched noses and each backed away a foot .
va	NN	Her only alternative was to hide somewhere in the city until another opportunity arose for her to escape .
va	NN	An enormous black panther stood beside a tree a mere five feet away , the head of a snake locked in its jaws .
va	NNS	" The masters are out .
va	NN	Anybody anywhere in the world would have had the right to return fire .
va	NNS	There 's a familiar looking sadness in his eyes .
va	NN	There was some sap there that it wanted to sample .
va	NN	" You should be making babies , not chairs , " Papa grumbled .
va	NN	" There 's no shame in accepting help when you need it .
va	NNS	The other archangels weren 't expecting him .
va	NN	The vessel was not the mighty Eagle 's Bane that the villagers eagerly anticipated nor was it Harald 's missing sailboat .
va	NNS	Behind him , the twin heartbeats of the soldier and the woman thundered for his attention .
va	NNS	Scientists and technicians started arriving in dozens every day .
va	NNS	Tears rolled down her face .
va	NNS	Gods and Men War and thunder fill the sky .
va	NNS	" You folks are going to have to move out of the way . "
va	NNS	" A few descendants , about three to five percent , show a sudden uptick .
va	NNS	Tears sprang to her eyes .
va	NN	" There 's no problem , " Raven says .
va	NNS	" All I will say to you young dogs is ... " The circle of leering young dogs leans in closer .
va	NN	The alternative was wholly unacceptable to her .
va	NN	The struggle was fierce .
va	NNS	Tears leak onto my cheeks , turning frigid as the cold air hits them , but I don 't care .
va	NNS	Dark hooves stamped the dirt as he threw his head against the halter and lead line that tied him to his handlers .
va	NN	Shortly after it had left the great building behind , the carriage pulled up in front of a heavy wooden gate .
va	NN	A single leaf of paper fell out , startling her .
va	NNS	Your hormones 'll make their opinions known but your head and your heart will lead you in the right direction . "
va	NN	The revelation fell upon him like a boulder .
va	NNS	My panties were already to the side .
va	NN	" Did the tornado touch down ? "
va	NN	Harriet 's anxiety started to ease .
va	NN	All this interrogation and security kept making her feel like a criminal , and a liar .
va	NNS	His tongue wars with mine , thrusting and teasing .
va	NN	The journey , though shorter , was much more uncomfortable .
va	NN	The cloud of nightmares rolled above the clover like a pack of hounds that had lost the scent .
va	NNS	The corridors start shifting around and forming crushing wall traps .
va	NNS	The live shows were over , the bands packed up and gone , the dancers gone before or at the same time .
va	NNS	Tears roll freely down my cheeks as I dig deeper and deeper to a power source I didn 't know that I had .
va	NN	The trial is a complication and now you are , too . "
va	NNS	The seeds are full of light .
va	NN	And the Blood shall sing to the Blood .
va	NN	More likely that 'll be where ye 'll find yerself before this day is through , " the cook said .
va	NNS	A million dollars was a lot of money .
va	NNS	" The white ships are crashing into the sides of the ship , take them out ! "
va	NN	He smiles , loosens his clamp on my shoulders .
va	NN	The weather on the coast was a monster .
va	NNS	There was a terrible sadness in her voice .
va	NN	A chauffeur and a European honeymoons .
va	NN	The original owner had retired and moved to Florida .
va	NN	Just my personal crest on the front and that 's it .
va	NN	More muffled cries from Leslie .
va	NNS	The folks there have been talking of nothing else since we heard the news yesterday afternoon . "
va	NN	" Admirable enthusiasm Brick , and quite out of character , but we only need to observe them . "
va	NN	There was a chain of logic here , and I tried to grasp it before I could be distracted again .
va	NN	Probably half the sheep here are going to show up tomorrow in their grandparents ' stuff . "
va	NNS	Telescopic lenses would catch him as he unloaded them .
va	NNS	The matching outfits were a nice touch .
va	NN	The spear missed Cindy by half a foot .
va	NN	But her one sexual encounter kept her silent .
va	NN	He ran in joy towards a scene that he thought was his , intuition cautioned him and he stopped .
va	NN	The director said , " Cut . "
va	NNS	His scouts will be arriving in two hours and his main force not long afterward .
va	NN	Anything left over was hers to keep .
va	NN	There 's no knob on the outside . "
va	NN	My name is John English , the lawyer representing my clients in regards to the Midland Community Contest , " said the lawyer .
va	NNS	The maids who did my hair , who offered to help me , swing from nooses , limp .
va	NNS	When she sang the ancient songs , her voice , was like a bell , ringing in the silence of the Dune lands .
va	NNS	The triangular accent tables in his living room drew her eye first .
va	NN	" If the red gets out of line , the watcher can take action . "
va	NNS	Nikolas could feel the phantom weight of a katana in his open palm .
va	NNS	All kinds come up .
va	NN	" A fascinating discussion of equations with one variable , wasn 't it ? "
va	NNS	There were no doubts about Eric , and Arthur had to figure out who that Dugin was .
va	NN	Every tooth is a fang . "
va	NN	The skirts of her gown sparkled underneath the chandelier .
va	NNS	Two officers separated themselves to discover the source of the noise and ascertain its relevance to the current situation .
va	NN	Then the thunder went off with the loudest boom he 'd ever heard , rattling every piece of glass left in the house .
va	NNS	The conversations in the compartment carried on until late in the evening .
va	NN	" That statement is ridiculous .
va	NNS	" My palms itch for it , Emma . "
va	NN	Chapter 7 In Mumbai , drizzle was coming down from the morning skies .
va	NN	The mournful cry Cian let free from his lungs ripped Simon 's heart from his chest .
va	NNS	The Queen 's treason , and her previous reputation for family ambition , left Prince Edward with not one supporter outside his mother 's family .
va	NNS	Two wide chairs blocked them from the source of the gunfire , about fifty feet away .
va	NNS	The monsters had regained their wits and were running after us .
va	NNS	Watery ink dripped from Post Office pens , stamps began to dry on tongues .
va	NNS	Warm palms slowly inch up the V of my legs .
va	NNS	' Poor crops are better than none .
va	NNS	The counselors had gotten me a new journal ( oh joy ) and some books about loving myself or whatever .
va	NNS	The stark whiteness of the stucco walls further emphasized the crimson roof , and I almost expected that roof to start dripping like a fresh wound .
va	NNS	Ten teenagers in prom dresses and tuxedos stood grinning behind a railing , with Alec and Grayson in front .
va	NNS	Parents were so ungrateful .
va	NNS	The army contracts moved out there and that was the end of the cannery business .
va	NN	An endless , filthy stream of curses began flowing through her head , each more vulgar than the next , as she gaped at the knocker .
va	NNS	Bodies lay strewn at the edge , tossed and torn like so many rag dolls .
va	NNS	Cass unbuttoned her shirt and pulled it off her shoulders , revealing a nude colored bra .
va	NN	The chirping of birds grew louder in his and her ears .
va	NN	Instinct and training took over , as if my body was being commanded by some third party , because I was making no conscious command of it .
va	NNS	" Our laws apply to everyone . "
va	NNS	Collectively known as kinsmen , these exceptional beings gave rise to several dozen families , which now form the financial elite of the colonized planets .
va	NN	" First , strangling is easy .
va	NNS	A few huddled shapes watched him from the top of a building .
va	NN	The bartender himself had the look of a Naga about him but he didn 't have the snake 's lower body .
va	NNS	The guests have to arrive . "
va	NN	The generator was necessary for the meat department at the back of the store .
va	NNS	The panties followed , leaving her in the sexy high heels .
va	NN	No shark or fish had attacked .
va	NNS	Rhys was right ; any comforting words would have had to be lies .
va	NN	The troop headed back toward the keep , making their way slowly but steadily through the night .
va	NN	Meanwhile the car parked a hundred meters away , recognizes its owner .
va	NNS	Moments later Franco joined her beside the gurgling water .
va	NN	" Well " , mused Folklore , " your position doesn 't look too good , does it ?
va	NNS	Most cups were down by a half already , and none seemed to be steaming , and none had been drunk since he walked in .
va	NNS	Above her , her mother 's plates shook loose .
va	NNS	" My father 's sons hated me passionately .
va	NNS	The laws of inevitability state we cannot win , but like all other laws we try to break them .
va	NNS	The third year Fergus hired Jerrell Gass .
va	NNS	The valleys in their imagery still carry those spirits , and the people still farming them were protecting them , and Wil thought , respecting them .
va	NN	A shiver ran through her again .
va	NNS	Your manners are exquisite , particularly toward me . "
va	NNS	The islands were almost two hours by boat from the Keys with some of the best snorkeling and scuba diving in the world .
va	NN	A prick on her neck stung and she moved away from it .
va	NN	" Talk to me , " he demanded .
va	NN	His fingertip rest lightly under my chin as he gently made my gaze meet his .
va	NN	The Yankee loomed over him , and gave a gargling laugh as he pulled up and buttoned his trousers .
va	NNS	Bess jumped and instantly turned to Roy .
va	NN	Her blackberry pie was my favorite .
va	NNS	Guys like him usually didn 't wash cars .
va	NN	The president stood , clearly a signal that the meeting was at an end .
va	NN	The Queen turned to see that he was holding Alice 's invitation card in his hand .
va	NNS	It opened up to a bigger room ; from what Claire could see , there were big leather couches and bookshelves , like a real home .
va	NNS	The water lilies had adapted nicely .
va	NN	The responsibility for him rests solely with me .
va	NNS	The hairs were standing up on the back of my neck as I read the article .
va	NN	The flickering of light cast from the glow of candles shot their silhouettes on the walls .
va	NNS	The beasts that dwelt in that woodland realm had to dig deep into the earth to escape the flames and heat .
va	NN	The freedom to make love without fear of waking or disturbing Jolene was heaven .
va	NNS	In the distance crickets chirped .
va	NN	That deep , sexy rumble made her want to start panting .
va	NN	Name 's Kane . "
va	NNS	Given such lax circumstances , quite a few volunteers simply set out for their homes .
va	NNS	Jael glances between us , sensing subtext .
va	NN	The old witch walked across the room and tugged the cloth off the thing in the corner .
va	NNS	My palms instantly begin sweating and I can feel my heart pounding in my eardrums .
te	NN	Fortune plucked a pear from a nearby tree and bit into it , the sweetness of it seeming as potent as any wine .
te	NN	" Every psychic or medium I 've ever met tells me the same thing .
te	NNS	" The students will be here in about 45 minutes .
te	NNS	On both levels , individual weapons stations formed a row the length of the window .
te	NN	one soldier exclaimed , " My grandmother had her knickers in a twist over that old fossil , and she 's been dead well-nigh fifteen years . "
te	NNS	Two shuttles were outside the front of the reservation .
te	NNS	Any exotic plants outside the dome had long since died , replaced by this planet 's bryophytes .
te	NN	And the crow once called the raven black .
te	NNS	His fingers were short and stubby , the nails well trimmed .
te	NN	Jordan glanced back once at Simon , his hazel eyes fierce and wild .
te	NNS	It was like that very moment , all other wild animals inside that forest stopped and looked at Victoria with full pity .
te	NNS	Suddenly military vehicles began appearing on each side of the road , headed east .
te	NNS	Shimmering green oil puddles wove into a narrow shape beside Dad .
te	NN	But just as she was about to make a call , the device in her hand began to rattle .
te	NNS	The branches are freshly cut . "
te	NN	The hum of the ventilation system seemed to grow louder , but the room felt airless .
te	NN	But Garrett 's cousin had cheated .
te	NNS	The perks of being the executive mayor , I supposed .
te	NNS	Is Neil coming too ? "
te	NN	Surely somebody has been here before . "
te	NNS	Dark clouds rolled across the sun and the temperature plunged .
te	NNS	The maps and figures in front of Dorian had to be wrong .
te	NN	There were at least two dozen of them .
te	NNS	" Well your vitals are looking good .
te	NN	Black thorn or Blackthorne or whatever could have been anyone , anything , anywhere !
te	NN	Panic churned through her again .
te	NNS	The droplets danced and swayed above him and his guitar , as if they were obeying the instrument .
te	NN	An infant would create difficulties .
te	NN	At least the screams had stopped .
te	NN	A flock of white birds flew overhead .
te	NNS	Some paths , such as Buddhism , are religions in name only and not in the sense of binding yourself to a fate .
te	NNS	The hints were subtle at first .
te	NN	The jazz musician finished his set and marched off the stage unconcerned about collecting his applause .
te	NN	No holiday snaps , no video footage ; nothing .
te	NNS	But stubbornness can often be a good quality , don 't you think ? "
te	NNS	The bells were just an echo in his head now , dimmed by common sense .
te	NNS	Studies done over the past few years have revealed surprising anomalies deep under the ice .
te	NNS	The three dragons silently stared at her .
te	NNS	His long strides were easy and relaxed , though if you looked carefully you would see his hands were trembling .
te	NNS	What were your impressions ? "
te	NN	The smartphone in his shirt pocket chirps and shakes at the next stop .
te	NN	" The smaller motel will be fine . "
te	NN	When she awoke , the independence the valley offered was more than clear in her mind .
te	NNS	But , currently , scientists believe that the male humans who mated with female Neanderthals created sterile offspring .
te	NN	The distant shouting was getting louder .
te	NNS	About fifty students were already waiting at the park when we got there and more continued to arrive .
te	NNS	Among the flattened pistol rounds was a larger one , embedded in the vest .
te	NN	One cop isn 't going to take down this crowd . "
te	NNS	The sheets and blankets are a mess and there are clothes scattered all over the floor .
te	NNS	But because there were clouds in the sky ?
te	NN	" I 'll use my newest strings , " said a third musician , looking ruefully at the broken string on his violin .
te	NN	This grade will destroy me .
te	NNS	" Don 't the gentlemen look manly ! "
te	NN	The sunlight streamed in through a dusty window .
te	NNS	Oak floorboards shone in the sunlight slanting through the windows .
te	NN	A single computer monitor sits on the table with the wiring .
te	NNS	Suddenly , a few sparkles filled the air , and one bear transformed into a lion , a lion about the size of a minivan .
te	NN	If it were up to him , this photo would be the very last thing he saw ... .
te	NNS	Their reactions didn 't go unnoticed by the others .
te	NNS	" Even the dishes and the pots and pans ? "
te	NN	" The hull 's mostly there to keep the air in .
te	NNS	The channels all showed the plaza , most using the same feeds as the website .
te	NN	Pressure definitely bothers me when I sit down for a test .
te	NNS	The steep mountains were so large that they disappeared into the clouds .
te	NNS	" Humans raised me because my mother found me , beaten and abandoned because of what I was , when I was ten .
te	NNS	The strangers didn 't speak or make eye contact , just left their gifts , bowed and disappeared back into the party .
te	NN	Its imposing build and the black color , so menacing and disquieting , attracted him because of the perfect match with his authoritative gloomy character .
te	NNS	The debt collectors wouldn 't stop calling .
te	NN	" Which is your favorite cloth ? "
te	NN	There 's a ghost over there . '
te	NN	The nurse whimpered in the corner .
te	NN	When his tray became empty , the waiter returned to a table with bottles and glasses at the end of the room .
te	NN	There was a customer , too .
te	NN	Nobody is going to come and rescue you .
te	NN	The creek soon began to gradually grow larger in width and depth .
te	NNS	There were several vehicles already parked out front including a limousine , a Rolls Royce and a Maserati .
te	NNS	Then there was lots of dusting .
te	NNS	Walls and a ceiling followed .
te	NN	The humidity of the forest and the heat of the sun made his skin itchy .
te	NN	Is the jet done with maintenance ? "
te	NNS	Jess shook her head .
te	NN	And if I do it , nobody 's ever going to see him .
te	NN	The chart plotter alarm sounded , advising Teleport was two miles from the marina .
te	NNS	My insides squirmed as I thought about it .
te	NN	Nobody knows for sure what happened to it after that .
te	NNS	Jess sighed as she picked up her drink .
te	NNS	The towers of fire have surrounded him , the all-encompassing inferno crawling closer and closer with every passing moment .
te	NN	Again the ogre sat beside his fireplace , turning cutlets that were braising on a spit above the fire .
te	NN	The farmer laughed back .
te	NN	There was a thump from the other end of the table .
te	NN	Every circuit throbbed , his self-preservation programming went into a hopeless feedback loop .
te	NNS	No messages , Maggie thought grimly .
te	NN	There was a hint of grey mixed in its dark hue .
te	NN	Her project offered such a promise .
te	NNS	Handmade wood tools leaned against the walls , too .
te	NN	Nothing untoward happened and they picked up the pace and put more blankets and padding over the black blanket and lastly , the saddles .
te	NNS	The defensive barriers were winding down .
te	NNS	Jess glared at him before winding up the window , and driving on .
te	NN	Several fish fought over something that looked like an arm .
te	NNS	Some robbers had been by the spot before the deer was buried there and had hidden their stolen loot .
te	NNS	She runs in high society groups , throws big parties , that sort of shit .
te	NNS	My dad breathes out a long breath then says , " You are respecting my daughter , right ? "
te	NN	The convoluted logic almost made sense .
te	NN	The sudden chill in the air jolted him back to the present .
te	NN	This cab is ours .
te	NNS	Her brows drew in a fierce frown , but she didn 't move away .
te	NNS	" What can your talents do against that ? "
te	NNS	Marine shuttles launched from the destroyers and latched onto the ships .
te	NN	Without him , the farm would be so damned , depressingly quiet ... .
te	NNS	The veins in Jude 's neck looked ready to burst .
te	NNS	There were black gloves inside the drooping sleeves .
te	NN	But then a breeze blew , as if from the ocean , fresh , salty , and clarifying .
te	NNS	On both sides , brick apartment buildings stand six stories high .
te	NNS	Vincent 's brows rose .
te	NN	A small platform hovered over the ground , attached to a pulley system that climbed all the way up to the roof .
te	NNS	The several military vehicles approached quickly and hovered nearby .
te	NN	The nurse irrigated and cleaned the wound , then blotted a stinging disinfectant onto the open cut .
te	NNS	Justus fired the blaster at the ground and aimed it at him again .
te	NNS	Jess kept his tone low , careful not to let the energy swirling in the room near her .
te	NNS	The bouncers collect my tips from my show so I don 't have to crawl around on the ground , collecting it myself .
te	NNS	The results are slowing down a lot .
te	NNS	What land masses were closest ?
te	NNS	Goodness knows she 'd be worried if she heard a smoke alarm in the building .
te	NNS	After two hundred years Carpathian males cannot feel .
te	NNS	My senses burned and beat as if on smelling salts .
te	NN	the bishop asks , and I want to slap his soft , white jowls .
te	NNS	The computers had to do an awful lot of work , struggling to wrestle with something unknown .
te	NNS	Humans are nothing if not sceptical , generally refuting what they don 't know or understand - it 's in their nature to do so .
te	NNS	' And trolls eat rocks .
te	NN	Fighting was the last thing on his mind when he went to her apartment .
te	NN	The vehicle lurches forward .
te	NN	Such little protection for the women was a grave mistake .
te	NNS	The cheers and screams that went up were thunderous .
te	NN	Of course , after a few generations , nobody will even remember that you were ever here . "
te	NNS	The three bridges that crossed the River Divide , including Nature 's Pass , were at extremely high points where ships could easily pass beneath them .
te	NN	The young Malik stopped and looked at Altair , squinting as though to check the older man wasn 't joking .
te	NN	Silly taboo if you ask me , but there is no way in hell I 'm going to be the first to ask !
te	NNS	The sea mammals ' fins were flicking up strong waves of water while intimidating barks and squeals crept from within the animals souls .
te	NN	The physician was trying to tell Franklin as gently as he could that it was only a matter of time .
te	NN	The sensation of intense awareness winked out as swiftly as it had hit .
te	NNS	" Where are the fire trucks ? "
te	NNS	More candles were lit , and slowly the dreadful pit was revealed to the captives ' eyes .
te	NNS	" There 's guns in there , Kate .
te	NNS	Besides , the odds of going back to the exact same place and time are phenomenal .
te	NN	The newspaper followed , landing in a heap on the porch as Jonas got deliberately to his feet .
te	NN	The bus jolted as it clipped the sidewalk , nearly ramming into a wooden bench .
te	NN	Not feeding wasn 't in my nature .
te	NN	My cousin had sent a car service to pick me up and it navigated slowly out of Manhattan into New Jersey .
te	NNS	* * * Three years ago , the human armies marched into our city .
te	NN	A breeze swirled around the pentagram .
te	NN	" How 's the worm ? "
te	NN	Silence fell between us , and I couldn 't help but wonder if we were thinking the same thing .
te	NN	Even as he watched , a great wedge of headland slid into the waves , opening a jagged gap in the shuttle hangar .
te	NN	What was the entertainment ?
te	NN	Shock and pain and everything made her respond very slowly .
te	NNS	Doctors risked their lives more than people realized .
te	NNS	The tips of his blonde bangs are dyed blue and his eyes are the brightest shade of blue I 've ever seen .
te	NNS	Furious with herself for allowing his words to wound her , she hurried down the street , headed in the direction of the Seattle waterfront .
te	NN	" Although , performance has always been considered the key feature when selecting a car for the job , the most important aspect is in fact reliability .
te	NNS	... and so , " he finished , " all the leagues of sod we 've covered , haven 't caught us up with God .
te	NNS	Heads turned towards us , standing on the little balcony .
te	NNS	Lukas paused , letting a long silence settle between them .
te	NNS	There were deep scores along it 's frame where chunks of wood had been bashed out during dozens of previous exercises with dozens of previous trainees .
te	NNS	the woman requests sternly .
te	NNS	Vampires preferred to have everything in the universe neat .
te	NN	The reservoir of the City is still full , but I heard some reservoirs in the countryside are drying up rapidly .
te	NNS	I flipped through the pages , the photos and diagrams were the only things I could understand .
te	NN	For her , hard was probably one serious understatement .
te	NN	The greatest tragedy of humanity is that today religion smothers more questions than it was suppose to answer .
te	NNS	And right now , with all that was going on , seeming invisible sounded good .
te	NN	Their destination was the Kitty Market , which was within a few short minutes of the station where Roger worked .
te	NN	The closer to home we got , the stronger the urge grew .
te	NN	The judge stopped her .
te	NN	His screams sounded puny and thin in the heat .
te	NNS	His insides looked like models for a textbook on infection .
te	NN	The massage did little to dissipate the heat in his head , but he continued regardless .
te	NNS	Off in the distance , coastal mountains gave way to the Mediterranean .
te	NNS	Faces cut from the same classic mold .
te	NN	My advice to you is what I told my son , Brian , an hour ago : stay where you are .
te	NN	The Source would guide them .
te	NN	The establishment looked narrower than many of the inns on the street , and among the least prosperous .
te	NNS	The enemy squads worked their way slowly away from the river and into the center of the city .
te	NNS	The bells rang and Benji jumped .
te	NN	A low profile was necessary in order to serve the group that had secured her this posting .
te	NNS	Little figurines scattered the shelves .
te	NNS	Michaels still wore an astonished expression as he walked into the elevator , and the receptionist bid him a good afternoon as the doors slid shut .
te	NN	Nobody you care about needs to be harmed again .
te	NNS	" These gentlemen have come all this way to see you . "
te	NNS	The media hordes will probably disperse too . "
te	NN	His affection for the human grew steadily by the day .
te	NNS	Bits of dust floated in the sunlight , chairs were where they should be , lamps off .
te	NNS	' There are lots of reasons .
te	NN	My prisoner pushed it open and I followed her into a dark foyer .
te	NNS	There were a few uniques onboard , so she went to help .
te	NN	Pleasure and pride bloomed inside her at his praise .
te	NNS	Their broken bones mended .
te	NN	My fate is infinite ?
te	NN	the only issue was getting one that still worked .
te	NN	Morse code , wasn 't it ? "
te	NN	The tingle of a bell over the door caused her father to look up from rearranging a shelf of small carved animals .
te	NN	The official hesitated before pointing towards the catapult saying , " You will depart immediately or be destroyed . "
te	NNS	Clean socks went on next , after he gave his feet a quick check .
te	NN	That joint will help you sleep .
te	NN	" that nobody called . "
te	NN	" What the heck is going on ? "
te	NNS	But my heart was pounding , my insides were in an upheaval .
te	NNS	Thousands upon thousands of thoughts crossed through my mind - it happened so fast , I could not process anything and soon my head was pounding .
te	NN	Her Nanna sighed and moved in to kiss her head .
te	NNS	The particles on the walls were drifting free once more .
te	NN	Nobody suspected a thing .
te	NNS	Very basic targeting systems finished it off .
te	NNS	Friends must be free .
te	NN	And then the seizure hit .
te	NN	A chill raced through her .
te	NNS	There were shards of glass on the floor .
te	NNS	The Sisters had pretended they were doing her favors , and look how that had turned out .
te	NNS	" Because her cruel sisters were jealous of her beauty .
te	NN	" How was your conference ? "
te	NNS	There were no shields between them .
te	NN	The cemetery was spinning down there , a tiny sprawling toy of itself with little bits of white scattered all over under the dark trees .
te	NN	The incoming tide obeyed him .
te	NNS	Demons now targeted her as a way to get to him .
te	NNS	There were trays piled with sandwiches wrapped in waxed paper on the mess hall 's serving counter .
te	NNS	Her fingertips found his forehead , calming , soothing .
te	NNS	Jess quelled the quiver of unease in her stomach , telling herself there was time enough to address the brutal realities of their association .
te	NN	A golden dome shone brightly amid the urban sprawl .
te	NNS	The steaks had marinated all day in one of Lucy 's original recipes and she had just finished chopping the vegetables and potatoes .
te	NNS	The wee bumps more than treble the effective surface area .
te	NN	Mary 's firefighter son Gabe was dancing with eight-year-old Summer while Megan sat out the dance in the shade of a large oak tree with their poodle .
te	NNS	Maybe careers could take a toll .
te	NN	Just then the waiter brought our drinks and asked if he could take Jason 's picture .
te	NNS	The spirits of the desert Will trade bone marrow for wisdom : Parasites of the empty places , Sleep and learn , sleep and learn .
te	NN	Nobody ever asked anything clever .
te	NNS	The kings in your world actually knew about our existence .
te	NNS	Focus on what is most important , regardless of label or duty . "
te	NNS	A deep tiredness was setting in and I stumbled to my room where my shades were always drawn tight , and collapsed in sleep .
te	NNS	There were careful procedures for people who left , methods to protect their location .
te	NNS	Panthers actually had thin and delicate skin compared to other animals .
te	NN	Ride back and tell your commander to watch for our coming .
te	NN	The Saturday crew was pretty mellow and Bill hadn 't had much supervising to do .
te	NNS	But in the air his livid senses caught the scent of something , human heat .
te	NN	Rain dripped from the trees around him .
te	NNS	Soon tribes came from all over Britain to make the living circle of the dance within our standing stones .
te	NNS	All seven families shared in the profits equally .
te	NN	His cock surged beneath her hand .
te	NN	Their economy was all mines and factories , and all their equipment is just dead .
te	NNS	Throwing fireballs almost made me sweat . "
te	NNS	Servants hold her back as she tries to run to me .
te	NNS	Wherever she was , there were lots of people engaged in lots of conversations .
te	NN	While he smoked , the initiated entered the hall and closed the double doors behind them .
te	NNS	Servants of hell , Wrath supplied with disgust .
te	NNS	Puffy white clouds -- entirely too white and puffy , perhaps -- floated gently through the brilliant blue sky above .
te	NN	The bead dropped into the body and began to stretch out , reaching for the heart .
te	NNS	Their wooden swords pierced the air to jab at each other .
te	NN	She felt absurdly naked , stripped of all her emotional protection , every nerve ending exposed and agitated by the merest stirring of air .
te	NN	The lighting in here was harsh but ... wow !
te	NN	The heating had kicked in and was working like a dream .
te	NN	The boy 's chatter wound them both up tighter .
te	NN	The gash on her head was deep .
te	NNS	His talents wane , but his authority remains .
te	NN	My shoe went flying off , which I was pretty sure never happened to James Bond .
te	NN	A toad sat twelve inches from the dark water , surrounded by open mud .
te	NN	" Ladies and gentlemen , " a servant bellowed out , standing close to the doors .
te	NN	A ghost of a smile passes over his lips .
te	NN	Soon another rooster jumped up , and I watched Sanderson closely .
te	NNS	Atop the tables were delicate trays with carefully arranged food .
te	NNS	And even as they did all that , the numbness and dizziness did not go away , and they were even exacerbated by bouts of nausea .
te	NN	" A giant cliff that falls off into nowhere .
te	NNS	Banks said , a smile replacing his neutral look .
te	NN	" Holy shit , " the cop said .
te	NN	A cruiser sat at the curb .
te	NNS	There were trash cans and a large commercial size waste container .
te	NN	His haughty guest had vanished with the jeers of Eden 's heroes ringing in his ears .
te	NN	The screaming alarm was starting to awaken her and they had to be quick .
te	NN	A shout rang from above .
te	NN	" Ah , well , a farmer , it was his land , he came by and found me .
te	NNS	Three broad bridges crossed the calm waters , and were the only means of entering the city .
te	NN	A third and final horn went off from the top of the cage , and I winced .
te	NN	" Don 't give me that shit , " the scientist said furiously .
te	NN	and the green dots disappeared .
te	NNS	There were no fires this close to the town , so she didn 't need to cook .
te	NN	Nobody visited except to bring him food and water .
te	NNS	" The old Priestess there may be a problem .
te	NNS	Her fingertips dug into the muscles framing his spine .
te	NNS	The Collar 's shocks increased , blasting him with hot pain .
te	NN	" Speed should not be an issue . "
te	NN	But the enormity of the action affected her deeply .
te	NNS	" And why don 't your mates like you anymore ? "
te	NN	Her pale complexion and bright blonde hair did nothing to hide the fact that she was embarrassed .
te	NNS	O horrors to think that a father must choose between his wife 's still body and his live son !
te	NNS	Jess had represented hope .
te	NN	The clock said it was just after 4 A.M. , which meant he was on the other side of the world .
te	NN	" Assume target has RPG weapons . "
te	NNS	The fires burn down their last bit of light and the soldiers go to their resting area .
te	NN	Not some article on sale in the shop , but Amanda 's own favorite scarf that she 'd had for so many years .
te	NNS	The plants were higher than my eye line .
te	NNS	Iris draw a smile on her face .
te	NNS	The mountains around here are almost impossible to climb . "
te	NNS	Rocks became valuable for inscribing lessons and teachings .
te	NN	" Oh , yes , " the nurse said .
te	NN	The admission hung in the air , as heavy as shackles , and he paused .
te	NNS	So the rumors had been rolling .
te	NNS	The symbols he formed seemed more faded and broken , however .
te	NNS	More rocks came raining down ; the cavern was filling with a gray , choking dust .
te	NNS	However , this day , there were more pressing matters .
te	NNS	" But in the beginning she had way more ups than she did downs .
te	NNS	Jess asked and gave Tori her bag .
te	NNS	The tremors had caused walls to crack and roofs to cave in .
te	NN	A frown creased his forehead .
te	NNS	Her reactions to other men who had tried to venture into a physical relationship with her had varied from bored and disinterested to absolute revulsion .
te	NN	The buzz of the Casino is a drug that lights my veins with an invisible energy .
te	NNS	Her limbs were stiff , her blue eyes glassy and forever distant .
te	NNS	The clouds hang low at the top of the tower ranging in colors from pink to orange .
te	NN	The coffee mug I was sipping out of fell out of my hand , falling to the hardwood floor and shattering everywhere .
te	NNS	Wayward Pines was somewhere out there , the town still dark but filled with distant screams .
te	NNS	Religious groups hunted them because they looked terrifying to them .
te	NN	When men came back with the first of the bodies , there was frenzy in the village .
te	NNS	Usually powers carried over from generation to generation , but when two different magic bloodlines mixed , there was always a chance for some mayhem .
te	NN	Her foggy nightmare wouldn 't let her go .
te	NNS	Warning bells sounded as Johnny saw the lad 's right fist clench .
te	NN	Nobody 's that hot .
te	NN	Once my campaign manager works his magic with a new spin , nobody will think for even a second that we 're a couple . "
te	NN	The ghost had apparently decided to give Kylie a reprieve .
te	NN	The night shift is quite light in comparison .
te	NN	The dismissal bell would ring in ten minutes .
te	NN	The waistband of his jeans rubbed against her inner thighs , a constant reminder that he couldn 't bear another moment without being inside her .
te	NNS	Water droplets dripped off his lashes .
te	NNS	Dolores shivered , turned to face into the room with its metal and plastics .
te	NN	A slight flush passed over his face .
te	NN	The air conditioner was fighting the afternoon 's worst heat , which shimmered in the air outside .
te	NNS	Their allies had grown greatly and terribly thanks to him ... and today , they were ready for it .
te	NNS	There is nothing fried on the platter , only steamed rock lobster , mud crabs , and prawns .
te	NN	Even at night , the Georgia humidity would cause huge beads of it on anyone doing heavy labor .
te	NN	" Explosion expert is not on my list of talents . "
te	NN	Suddenly , every flaw she had dismissed about Cliff came to the forefront .
te	NNS	" There are fresh linens , and the furs have been aired . "
te	NNS	When a male dies , other males move in to try to take the female , kill her cubs , and start their own prides or packs .
te	NN	" The depth of the tunnels is difficult to navigate .
te	NN	There was a bright bubble of laughter from the far side of the room .
te	NNS	The fires flared , and suddenly she was traveling at breakneck speed .
te	NNS	What clues point to what he did when he found out ?
te	NN	He sat down slowly , a stormy frown still clouding his face .
te	NNS	The newlyweds were naturally the center of attention , and it proved impossible to extricate themselves .
te	NNS	Outside my class , students filed inside .
te	NN	The effect was that the already large floor space now seemed twice the size , almost to the point of absurdity .
te	NN	That location held two advantages .
te	NNS	Carved animal figurines hung on a string beneath an overhanging shelf , on which were displayed a collection of colorful stones .
te	NNS	Zombies turned to mush , parts still twitching in the street .
te	NNS	His hand touches mine .
te	NNS	The big cities are empty .
te	NN	The don would do his best to get her out of the room , but she stuck like glue . "
te	NN	" But that stability ended up to be only temporary .
te	NN	The dagger buried into the dark fur of Sam 's side .
te	NN	Wow , jealousy was so not becoming on some people .
te	NNS	The bullets had no more effect than Bax 's had , though he unloaded a few more just in case .
te	NNS	The gentlemen stood as the lady vacated her chair and then each proceeded in the appropriate direction .
te	NNS	Dolores smiled , got up and grabbed his arm .
te	NNS	There 's lots of people have reservations about Jews .
te	NNS	Its occupants knew that somebody had seen the craft at close range .
te	NN	The sunlight sparkled in her dark hair and lit up her eyes .
te	NN	And then the doorbell rang again and I rushed to answer it before my father got there .
te	NN	the scanner technician called out pressing the alarm button .
te	NN	His retreat was like having the gates of paradise shut against her with most of her body jammed in the door .
te	NNS	The black and white striped leggings led to enormous talons nearly the size of a grizzly bear 's claws .
te	NN	Not ten minutes later , the doorbell chimed .
te	NN	Initially the project concentrated on the most serious genetic defects .
te	NN	The teenager on the pony in front didn 't turn and share it with her , but she got the general gist .
te	NN	" Nobody ever questioned the interest ? "
te	NNS	But the crystals held magical abilities .
te	NNS	Boys carrying lacrosse sticks over their shoulders climbed the steps to a dorm .
te	NNS	The elements are the real seeds of life .
te	NNS	" Where are you witches ?
te	NNS	Studies from afar have shown that the planet was currently in dire straits .
te	NN	A pleasant waiter came over , and I ordered Mongolian beef , extra hot , and an iced tea .
te	NNS	" Given time , our cities will disconnect Man from nature .
te	NNS	" Because they then have to pay for everything later , " the two sisters thought simultaneously .
te	NNS	" Yes , as cows are clever enough to eat the hay we provide for them .
te	NN	His respite had eluded him , and now he was left to face the next hurdle .
te	NNS	The Prince 's adventures continue in THE RAVEN , coming in February from Penguin !
te	NN	The screams had gone silent .
te	NN	" Neither the Abbot nor the Pope will break the Rule of the Order of St. Benedict for your convenience Sir Edward .
te	NN	Then the android turned to leave .
te	NN	This unwavering dedication and intensity produced two separate lines of supporters and detractors in his life .
te	NN	The cousin explained that Quinn preferred to walk to work and hide the Hummer , weather permitting .
te	NN	" Coach 's lecture was short since we won tonight . "
te	NN	Sometimes there 's a maker 's mark but I don 't see one on this gun .
te	NN	A spring popped and a trapdoor eased open to expose a safe built under the floorboards .
te	NN	The universe has a strange sense of humor .
te	NN	" Nobody drank a thing . "
te	NN	His cock became impossibly harder .
te	NN	Warm , buttery sunlight heats us from overhead .
te	NN	One full drain keeps it back and I feed less often this way .
te	NN	The ominous vehicle pulled to a stop in the exact center of the square , but the Lord Ruler himself remained inside .
te	NN	Edward 's horn glowed .
te	NN	I moved as slow as possible , a zombie could jump out at me at any moment .
te	NNS	Soon the clouds began to engulf them , the sun was obscured and the air grew cooler .
te	NN	An informant merely provides information ; it is our job to verify that information , which is what Charlotte is suggesting that we do . "
te	NN	The mask fell off , revealing the bodyguard 's tortured face .
te	NNS	The witches pointed their fingers at him .
te	NNS	The energies passed her by , tearing furrows into the stone floor to either side of her position .
te	NNS	Carpathian males are not easy with other men around their women .
te	NN	The whore 's son .
te	NN	A slight chill ran down Terrance 's spine as he considered the potential ramifications of this unexpected information .
te	NNS	Most scientists assumed this problem would be solved by building from larger subunits , molecular fragments consisting of billions of atoms .
te	NN	The bulk of them , however , just hopped over their dead friends and kept coming .
te	NNS	The broken limbs of trees blocked the road ahead .
te	NN	In the background , an " expert " on the news asked whether the wolf population in Minnesota should be limited or moved .
te	NN	A male nurse followed her in and stood beside the open door .
te	NN	The bell rang and class was over .
te	NNS	Vimes had commandeered the canteen , because it had a big enough table .
te	NN	There was a hint of warmth in Daemon 's reluctant smile .
te	NNS	Fueled by the realization that they had to have overpowered the men at the entrance , the elite Warriors stepped up their game .
te	NNS	" The scientists who built this thing must have had a platform suspended below the beam , but it 's long gone . "
te	NNS	But of course , her insides were already pumping .
te	NNS	The computers would be busy enough with the contacts that Gustav and especially Susan were making .
te	NNS	There were no photos of her father .
te	NN	Then sounded the metallic ring as the marked man drew a dagger from its iron scabbard .
te	NNS	My senses were returning .
te	NNS	His brows shot higher and then he laughed .
te	NN	After a short scuffle , the soldier flew off the Jeep and rol ed onto the shoulder .
te	NN	Wedding 's still on . "
te	NN	The quartermaster winked at John .
te	NN	" The judge wanted you to go to Lake View .
te	NNS	Tall columns lost their capitals in the darkness of the timbered roof .
te	NNS	Without blankets , the orphans squished together for heat .
te	NNS	James exhales heavily and then goes to turn on the radio .
te	NN	This guy 's speech isn 't exactly riveting , so I turn my attention back to the TV .
te	NNS	Foreign students were not exactly unheard of in Hiroshima , but still rare .
te	NN	So the shopping basket of ingredients for meaning to life contains energy , space , time and consciousness .
te	NNS	As if by cue , so many students were starting to swarm in front of the building .
te	NNS	When their collars fell away .
te	NN	The governor had more money in his political campaign coffers than could be readily accounted for .
te	NN	There were a collection of texts .
te	NNS	Iris was already checking her phone .
te	NN	Or a drain , " Jeff added , helpfully .
te	NNS	One quick gasp filled her mouth with sand .
te	NN	In this letter the bishop denounced the Shroud as a painted forgery .
te	NNS	All animals that move and do things can think , but that does not make them monsters . "
te	NN	A sword hilt poked out of his long , loose hair , which fell around him in a riot of red , black , and white .
te	NN	Everybody around him were all smiles , but he could not bring his lips to his ears .
te	NNS	He sat awkwardly , his ankles crossed , his big chin jutting forward .
te	NNS	The clouds were thinning and the sun was setting to his right .
te	NN	A full-body massage came an hour later , followed by a manicure and a pedicure .
te	NN	His crush on my roommate was painfully obvious and unfortunately for him , Ashley wasn 't interested .
te	NNS	News helicopters were hovering over the scene and two television news vans were parked out front , so it was hard to see anything .
te	NN	Jackson gripped my buttocks , holding me in place as he pounded me mercilessly , his hard shaft battering my softness until I screamed out in ecstasy .
te	NNS	Amadeus merely smiled with cruel amusement .
te	NN	You see , no hero appeared after my friends plunged off the falls .
te	NNS	The vases are missing . "
te	NN	The whole ambiance spoke of reflection and deep intellect .
te	NNS	Justus held his hand up to the door , not quite knowing what to expect of the person waiting inside .
te	NNS	Suddenly , his senses sharpened and he felt less inebriated .
te	NNS	The bones were hard , cold , unforgiving under my hands , impossible to break without finding the joint .
te	NNS	Shadows danced on the walls , betraying licks of flame .
te	NN	Careful curiosity filled them as he watched her .
te	NNS	After nearly a cycle , all diplomatic relations between our peoples had collapsed .
te	NNS	Servants cook my food and bring it to me whenever I desire .
te	NNS	The clouds felt odd and dangerous , like a bad premonition .
te	NNS	There were vents in the ceiling that were most likely already omitting some type of drug .
te	NNS	The halls were empty as I made my way to my room .
te	NN	" My cousin , Cian , heals wounds with his hands .
te	NN	My cousin has been here before , and everything turned out fine .
te	NN	A gasp slipped from her .
te	NN	Within a few days , aided by wind , current , and brawn , the small fleet had covered a good distance .
te	NN	The frown had vanished and there was a distinctly wicked gleam in his dark eyes .
te	NN	The cue jerks forward and the tip slams against the ball .
te	NN	Anglesey , the bread basket of Gwynedd , lay before them .
te	NN	The conquering ceremony is taking place right now .
te	NN	And the dancing started again .
te	NNS	Mags grabbed Sibyl 's hand and squeezed .
te	NNS	Eleanor lay on her back , the covers bunched around her to form a kind of nest .
te	NN	The red button blinking at its base indicated the exec office downstairs , on the main floor of the Flag Officers ' Residence .
te	NN	But there is no cure .
te	NN	A physician knelt before me and unbuttoned my top , revealing the bite and bruises .
te	NNS	His ribs hurt like hell , but he couldn 't stop .
te	NN	" The killer shadowed us all evening ! "
te	NN	A shout cut through the wind 's howl .
te	NNS	The teens , according to the man next to her , were there to ask the town for a skateboard park in the new riverside development .
te	NNS	" Religious traditions vary in order to achieve maximum acceptance for the culture by which and for which they were designed .
te	NN	Surely the beast would smell her blood on them ; it would smell blood and feel fur and for a moment it might be fooled .
te	NNS	The termination squads are to look for any pockets of resistance and destroy them .
te	NNS	My sisters and I held our collective breath , waiting .
te	NN	The guide blocked him with her ample chest .
te	NNS	All the speakers sounded fantastic .
te	NNS	Not even the drivers will know .
te	NN	As I rolled , a silver object came crashing down on the ground where my head had been , and sparks flew .
te	NN	" Your tent 's a mess .
te	NNS	Vampires - those Carpathians who have chosen to lose their souls and cannot be redeemed - still seek to try .
te	NNS	Around the tops of the shelves and at the juncture with the ceilings intricate carvings gave some relief to the panelling .
te	NNS	Powerful defensive spells was on the top of that list .
te	NNS	A coldness crawled from the wound to inch up through his body and drift into his mind .
te	NN	The atmosphere was more upbeat than Fridays at Black Gold had been the past several weeks .
te	NN	" There was nobody left alive there to explain anything let alone who all was involved .
te	NN	His deep groans and words of encouragement spurred me on .
te	NNS	" Such delicate odds surrounding this one . "
te	NN	" Our original batch ! "
te	NNS	Apparently families and summer camps made the Lincoln Memorial a regular afternoon stop .
te	NN	His ego simply would not permit it .
te	NNS	Suddenly the students began exiting through the stairwell , and we were both forced to leave separately .
te	NNS	Two labs are down , but the humans aren 't going to stop .
te	NN	Claire 's walkie-talkie clicked a moment later -- no voice message , just the quiet electronic signal .
te	NN	" As I was saying , your judgment appears to be questionable . "
te	NNS	But their families turned on them anyway .
te	NN	The revolver was a newer weapon usually reserved for officers or pilots and Charlie hadn 't carried one during the war .
te	NN	" Your stepfather asked me to marry him today . "
te	NN	The Viking in him roared to life .
te	NN	The traffic was dense and slow , and when he finally arrived at the mall a traffic cop was blocking the entrance .
te	NN	Nobody owns people anymore . "
te	NNS	The coolness disappeared , and we stopped moving .
te	NN	The nurse reacted slowly , and then turned quite pale .
te	NNS	Years of breeding and training took over as adrenaline coursed through her , and anticipation for the fight consumed her .
te	NNS	Karen 's nightmares had been much better since she 'd started the horseback riding .
te	NNS	Ares wouldn 't have taken me out easily , because I would 've fought to stay alive and be there for you . "
te	NN	" This recipe is perfect . "
te	NNS	Two demons were lighting it up with fireballs .
te	NN	A hard lump had formed in the pit of his stomach , but he forced himself to move on .
te	NNS	The ghost 's long curls flowed behind her as she scurried about the square buildings .
te	NN	There was a remote exit in a sliver of the lab that poked out from the bulk .
te	NN	" Some soldier slammed into me earlier today .
te	NN	The bracelet , I thought .
te	NN	The hilt felt good in his hand as he faced down Jed .
te	NN	In the hall outside , the great clock ticked on , killing time .
te	NN	A tall blonde flight attendant nearly ran into me , but stopped just short , her chin tilting up to look at me .
te	NNS	The morning announcements finally came to an end and attendance began .
te	NN	Her dissatisfaction almost felt like a midlife crisis , and at twenty-eight years old it was far too soon for that .
te	NN	The grandfather clock in the hallway struck twelve , and with that she felt a sense of relief .
te	NNS	The demons must get wild when they eat .
te	NNS	There was a lightness about him .
te	NN	" Ok mum " whispered Simon as he hugged his mother tightly .
te	NNS	Clouds whipped past the windscreen for what seemed like miles before Quinn slid the gun from Kathleen 's head .
te	NN	* * * Downstairs making to sit , Danny 's backside only just touched the sofa when Amy stepped into the living room .
te	NNS	Tiberius pointed to Marika 's father .
te	NN	An alarm goes off .
te	NN	Suddenly a shout broke through the silence .
te	NN	An ominous crack was his only warning .
te	NN	The hum of machinery grows louder as we make the turn Jael suggested .
te	NNS	Crows picked at their eyes .
te	NNS	" Sisters are really cool too .
te	NNS	Tess let out a frustrated groan .
te	NN	In response , the first soldier calmly accuses , " I bet he 's an English spy . "
te	NNS	The affairs of the world no longer held any importance for him .
te	NN	" What do fish eat , Johnny ? "
te	NNS	Last All rights reserved .
te	NNS	You had better go to bed , your wits are sleepy . "
te	NNS	But her involuntary physical reactions belied the verbal denial .
te	NNS	Millions will still die .
te	NN	There was the tiniest hint of fear .
te	NN	His aunt and uncle are buying them both trucks .
te	NN	The alarm switched off .
te	NNS	The troops jumped to action while the humans did their best to stay out of the way .
te	NNS	" The deer around here have to do their grazing in the meadows .
te	NNS	I plop down to watch , their shrieks and hollers ringing in my ears .
te	NN	Jury research is on schedule .
te	NN	Her grandfather or her family will no longer stop her .
te	NNS	The lacy briefs matched the bra .
te	NN	The rear shutter rose again .
te	NNS	The elders believed we should be gentlemen in how we spoke and always presentable in how we dressed .
te	NNS	Her ankles were wobbling all over the place as we moved slowly across the ice .
te	NN	The tide of adrenaline was dropping , and it left her feeling weak and shaky .
te	NNS	Several students turned to look at me , staring at me as though I was a beast with two heads .
te	NN	The jet jumped into action beginning its race down the airstrip picking up speed as rain pelted the windshield .
te	NN	A man 's pride could take only so much abuse .
te	NN	Rory 's pimp character picks up a hooker in a monster truck .
te	NNS	The corners of his mouth twitched up right as his eyelids started to ... bat .
te	NNS	Plastic water bottles stood on a table but there were no visible signs of the rumored peyote .
te	NNS	The street vendors drew closer , pushing through the swarm of people .
te	NNS	No enemies were in sight .
te	NN	His thigh came up and pressed between her own .
te	NNS	There were no family albums , no screen savers , no frames the mantel .
te	NNS	And there were animals in these woods -- she had heard them crashing around out there .
te	NN	Where is your destination ? "
te	NNS	The executives looked at him , clearly indicating that he 'd better sit back down .
te	NN	The article was about how the mighty fall from grace .
te	NN	" For you or for the church or whatever you want , my donation , " I said .
te	NN	He was wearing slacks and a white dress shirt , the collar unbuttoned .
te	NN	The traffic in front slowed down to a crawl .
te	NNS	The other reporters were silent as Mike and I talked .
te	NNS	To his relief , the cattle soon grazed their way out of sight again .
te	NNS	Here the rays have just blinded me and I 'm still in bed and my pajamas .
te	NN	At this windfall , her son 's sniffling stopped completely .
te	NN	The waiter who approached their table had no idea what he 'd interrupted .
te	NNS	Only the village elders imbibed alcohol and they restricted that to the most special of occasions like principal holidays or important weddings .
te	NN	There was a sleek , feline quality about her that appealed to all of his senses .
te	NN	For the moment , the element of surprise is on our side and therefore their patrols will be small in number .
te	NN	Without any delay , the bell ringed .
te	NN	What 's phase two ?
te	NN	" My pride , my heart , my unborn child , my - " Mil held up her hand and rolled her eyes .
te	NN	As usual the film starts late because of technical errors .
te	NNS	If I 'd been Marcus Jefferson , those seven decades would have seemed like yesterday .
te	NN	" My gosh , William , " Emily blurted , shaking her head in well-meaning humor .
te	NN	But , out in space , a moderately powerful magician took pity on this poor soul , though it was not usually his habit to do so .
te	NNS	Bits of dismantled mechanisms were everywhere .
te	NN	Sexton 's personal cellphone rang , and he fished in his pocket to grab it .
te	NNS	Tess stiffened , and he added , " Where 's your sister , anyway ? "
te	NNS	The judges had to taste my entry -- even though I hadn 't made it -- and that was all that mattered .
te	NNS	The flecks of red splattered through his usual yellow were fading .
te	NNS	The pistols were much easier to experiment with .
te	NNS	Seth 's nerves bounced for a second , then she returned to the launch .
te	NN	But as I watched him , all I could think of was that phrase poetry in motion .
te	NN	" Okay , as long as your cousin is willing .
te	NN	The sun had set , bathing the lonely prairie in soft twilight .
te	NN	His screams of agony filled the passage .
te	NN	Sometimes the breeding doesn 't work out like we hope it will . "
te	NN	A large chimney pokes out from the center of the triangular roof , spilling smoke like dingy pillows .
te	NNS	My enemies rule over me , but they keep their distance .
te	NNS	Once alight , shouldn 't the sheds have kept on burning ?
te	NN	" And the judge won 't be there until the day after tomorrow . "
te	NN	The ocean seemed endless , hypnotic .
te	NN	The clan soon learns how it feels when the hunter becomes the hunted .
te	NN	The screeching monkey bounced up and down , making my head ache .
te	NNS	Their cities of wood and stone became metropolises of metal .
te	NN	Her internal debate continued for a few moments more , then she sat up straight , crossing one leg over the other .
te	NN	18 Cheyenne couldn 't concentrate on the movie .
te	NNS	When a person goes to sleep with unpaid bills , the unpaid bills will still be there when they wake up .
te	NN	Living together , the bowling alley , football team ... I turn around to find him standing behind me .
te	NNS	Warriors who understood that others came first .
te	NNS	" Bits and pieces , I guess . "
te	NN	Silence stretched on and on .
te	NN	The interior was characteristic for a dwelling built nearly two hundred years ago .
te	NN	The breeze was comfortably cool and there was a mix of aromas around .
te	NN	Maybe somebody should ask me what I think about - " " That 's ridiculous , " snarled Lucas .
te	NN	Sometimes the behaviour which I call bad is not inconvenient to me at all , but the very opposite .
te	NNS	Jess moved through the open French doors into the house .
te	NN	A bubbly server appeared in front of them .
te	NNS	The nerves rose up and choked her , strangling the free flow of words she needed as desperately as air .
te	NNS	Justus raised his eyebrows .
te	NN	" Your argument has merit , and government must address a sound monetary path , but not now .
te	NNS	He glanced down at her , brows raised .
te	NNS	The reporters would be splashing this news all over the place .
te	NNS	Vimes sat down on a box .
te	NN	The fork rang and touched the base of his skull .
te	NNS	Lies rarely survive for long . "
te	NNS	" Her plants attacked me and then she touched me ... you know , you could have warned me about the plants . "
te	NN	Your Sight , your belief , was strong enough to keep her from Fading completely .
te	NN	Apparently , the crew behind her didn 't catch on as quick as she did .
te	NN	Two loud piercing bangs in quick succession brought her to her feet .
te	NNS	His victories had been few and far between .
te	NN	But actually damaging my property ?
te	NNS	The signals grew clearer , voices , at first faint , then very clear .
te	NNS	Inside the book were hand-written symbols , similar to the ones on the front of the strange notebook .
te	NN	But there was one clause that was crystal clear .
te	NNS	Some witches only have to recognize that they want something , and then , all of a sudden , it 's theirs .
te	NN	A babble of frightened voices rose as the sirens got closer .
te	NNS	As yet , the fields were empty and quiet .
te	NN	But poetry never entered her mind .
te	NNS	" These crystals don 't explode brother .
te	NN	" You see , " Rebecca 's aunt crooned .
te	NNS	He chuckled , the deep notes bouncing around the car as we took on what I was sure was an infinite amount of potholes .
te	NN	Still pale from her encounter with the queen , the nurse took a moment to comprehend his question , before sympathy creased her brows .
te	NN	That strong , handsome profile of his turned until he looked full-on into her eyes .
te	NN	Her channel clenched and she could feel the impending climax all of the way to her toes .
te	NNS	There were cheers from those members of the audience carried away by all the excitement .
te	NN	Her effect on him deepened with every exposure .
te	NNS	Her nails dug into his chest , her head tipping back to rest against the rack .
te	NNS	Well , sorceress spells don 't work well on vampires .
te	NN	For the most part , nobody would ever notice .
te	NNS	The coolness of the air evaporated as soon as his lips touched hers .
te	NNS	There are obviously many exceptions in both directions .
te	NNS	Jess , this is Vanessa , a friend of mine from school , " he said , surprising me .
te	NNS	New York 's towers grew misty and came to an end against blank whiteness .
te	NN	" There 's a huge pile of coke in the compound . "
te	NN	The principle walked behind the big jar full of pieces of paper .
te	NNS	The wizards were sitting around the Uncommon Room table , which was piled high with books .
te	NN	A light breeze ruffled his dark hair .
te	NNS	When connected , the bolts formed together into a sort of ball .
te	NN	The rhythm of his heart echoed through his chest and filled me up .
te	NN	The logo was confusing , too fussy .
te	NN	Over the theater 's intercom , a bell rang signaling the end of intermission .
te	NN	It is not a normal ... how do you say , combination of events ... " " You mean coincidence . "
te	NNS	Mags was up and alert in her chair when I tapped at her open door .
te	NNS	The odds are always against her .
te	NNS	The three residents stood quietly as the elevator dropped to the main floor of the building .
te	NN	The truck 's high beams shined in the night .
te	NN	That he was forced to carry , and possibly use , such an instrument was insulting .
te	NN	Shock came first , then anger .
te	NN	Shock rippled through my entire body , and it was all I could do to not let my mouth drop open .
te	NN	The individual you will want to find out about is Howard Lansing Douglas , born March 14 , 1951 in Holden , Illinois . "
te	NNS	The scrubby weeds around Jessica cast long , flickering shadows .
te	NNS	" The business news services are reporting a Foster died in New Orleans .
te	NN	The artist must have somehow wrapped heated metal around a form and then twisted it just enough to give the wide band a fun little tail .
te	NN	" Just give it a little longer , " the prosecutor said .
te	NNS	Those battle reports have come in .
te	NNS	Her sisters and Willow sat at the table so they could see the guests in front of them .
te	NNS	There were a few articles of clothing he hadn 't hung up , but no dust , no dirt and everything smelled fresh .
te	NNS	Despite all that her nights ended with a feeling of dejection .
te	NN	The final article mentioned that there were no suspects but that police assumed his death was gang-related .
te	NN	The slender ivory column of her neck shifted in and out of shadow as she moved and drank and teased .
te	NN	" Merci , monsieur , " the waiter said , his expression quickly turning hospitable .
te	NN	The brick hit the coachman in the hand .
te	NN	No lipstick but those lips look like strawberries puréed in whipped cream . "
te	NN	The prince snapped his fingers , and the snow around my feet turned to ice , covering my boots and freezing me in place .
te	NN	" We 'll give you a small amount every fifteen minutes then , " the doc said .
te	NNS	" The troops have to be fed . "
te	NNS	" But there are some other interesting developments . "
te	NNS	Everyone 's hearts broke for her , but no one knew what to say .
te	NNS	Military bases across America had troops roaming from town to town , door to door , seeking out survivors and destroying the infected .
te	NNS	The sisters quickly stepped to one side and phoned the boss warning him that many of the people in this part of the ship were armed .
te	NNS	" And what were the results ? "
te	NN	The driveway led to a huge , pink , stucco house with lush plants growing right up to the side .
te	NN	Dad 's advice was more pointed , " They only way to get redemption is to work , not sulk .
te	NN	" There 's no public record of anything like that .
te	NNS	The masses of received stimuli in the memory are useless unless there is some way of processing them .
te	NN	24 A chill runs through me .
te	NN	' But not a member of the crew .
te	NNS	Cyrus would be waiting on me .
te	NN	A little hint , the highest scorer of the catches gets the best position posted on the edge of the wall .
te	NN	The drug worked wonders .
te	NN	And the bus roared back to life .
te	NNS	Their mornings together , when he wasn 't off defending his lands , were often like this .
te	NN	Her admission seemed to take him by surprise .
te	NN	Would gaining admission to the group be difficult ?
te	NN	The technician moved the hand piece again , hit one button and then another .
te	NNS	Bullet holes in the building put the shooter facing this way .
te	NN	Rain was pouring down hard , and Travis remembered standing with Gabby , wondering how best to get to their car .
te	NN	A groan wavered in his chest ; he rolled over onto his back .
te	NNS	As she spoke the words , two decades slipped away in an instant .
te	NN	A mixture of purple , yellow , and white flowers blossomed along the brick yard .
te	NNS	Everyone laughs , like he 's crazy , like we 're all a bit crazed after our experience .
te	NN	" If you 're the master of the bird , as I believe , you have been inquired about , " said the host .
te	NN	An outside defender closed in on him , blocking his route to goal and forcing him to stop and cut back right .
te	NNS	The visions were subject to change , they might never see the dark creatures again , but the slight chance made her keep at her tedious work .
te	NN	But , regrettably , the mortality rate for this kind of stroke is very high .
te	NNS	Humans would freak if they knew aliens were running around .
te	NNS	Tess perked up in her seat .
te	NN	Does the CDC claim the virus called HIV is ' infectious ' ? "
te	NNS	Each tried vainly to seem preoccupied with weightier matters as files were examined and whispered conferences took place .
te	NN	" Good , " said the general .
te	NNS	The halls remain eerily empty as we make our way back to my suite .
te	NNS	" Where are the guns ? "
te	NN	A tiny scrap of fire engine red panties was the only thing that blocked his view .
te	NNS	The vendors are worse than seagulls , descending on me the moment I make accidental eye contact with them .
te	NNS	Once again , Covington 's photos didn 't do the area justice .
te	NNS	If he did , all bets are off . "
te	NN	Every member of the Council took a step forward , as did Stefan and Drake .
te	NNS	The readings said he was still alive , but it was them , feeding on his thoughts , on his knowledge .
te	NNS	" You gentlemen are mostly going to be seeing my hindquarters .
te	NNS	All that matters is his life is changed forever .
te	NNS	The results aren 't worth the price . "
te	NNS	Jess had a disarming smile and she turned it loose on Frank .
te	NN	Elizabeth 's knuckles turned white as she gripped the hilt of her knife .
te	NN	Is this common here ? "
te	NN	An announcer yelled , " Are you ready for Monday Night Football ? "
te	NN	" Yeah , our little sweet pea must know there 's a party . "
te	NN	Her heartbeat throbbed in her ears .
te	NNS	Anyways , either by accident or intention , he must have said the word Choate or something around one of them and activated their clarity .
te	NN	Nobody would get information from them .
te	NNS	There are many families whose children have gone missing sometime in the past .
te	NN	The photo displays the group , very happily smiling .
te	NN	With a skilled flip , the package sailed high and landed in his open palm .
te	NN	What she needed , according to Paul , was a start-up business loan .
te	NNS	But had their spirits gone on ?
te	NNS	Vampires don 't like running water .
te	NNS	Continue to hold the illusion , gentlemen , " she said , looking into her basin of water .
te	NNS	Millions of people , from tiny toddlers to elderly folks , could ice skate .
te	NN	In the harsh streetlight , my first vampire lover looked horribly white except for his eyes , which were shadowed pits .
te	NNS	Four tiny wheels skidded on the floor , the trolley bounced off the wall , and then it righted itself and rattled away .
te	NN	After the wedding , my software client got enthusiastic about the whole idea of designing a matchmaking program .
te	NNS	Long jarring bolts of pain shot up her legs .
te	NNS	His brows furrowed as he stared at him , and then understanding dawned on his face .
te	NN	The soldier immediately teleported out of the room in a quick green flash .
te	NNS	Jess cuddled closer to me and shivered .
te	NN	The driveway belonged to Winsor Presbyterian , a local church close to her house .
te	NN	Arrival location can be anywhere within that radius .
te	NN	But the sphere made it to the midway point , and got closer to him .
te	NNS	Footsteps came in behind her , then stopped a few feet away .
te	NN	The device in Malcolm 's hand is blinking an amber light and beeping .
te	NNS	Swords rested against the soldiers ' necks as someone tied their hands behind their backs .
te	NN	The rate is about four times above normal , taking age , social status , economic class into consideration . "
te	NN	" And how 's the vibrator ? "
te	NNS	There were lots of canned drinks to choose from , and a few different kinds of chocolate biscuits .
te	NN	But a betrothal is an arrangement made by parents ; I had never even met her before I came to this school . "
te	NN	" About six months ago , all communication with him stopped .
te	NNS	Vampires and werewolves I get .
te	NN	The needle on my gas gauge was sticking . "
te	NNS	Those workers who couldn 't get out of the way in time were thrusting their hands behind their back .
te	NN	Our target is Virus and the scepter .
te	NNS	A half-dozen beer bottles lay on the couch , stuffed with cigarette butts .
te	NNS	" The last traces of the sentient machines are from five million years ago . "
te	NNS	The nights had been all hers .
te	NNS	Even their families were close .
te	NN	There 's no rule that says you have to be bound to a pack . "
te	NNS	The veins on his neck were standing out , and his face was red with the exertion .
te	NN	Her eyes seemed to lock with his , eyes an impossibly bright shade of blue .
te	NN	Everybody may not be as understanding as I am . "
te	NNS	The air-conditioned coolness was such a shocking contrast to the searing heat outside that goose bumps rose on her flesh , and she shivered .
te	NN	Wendell 's voice mail picked up .
te	NN	Shock sizzled through her chest .
te	NNS	Some shutters were open in the town and a few goods were exposed for sale .
te	NNS	" In the ' ope of reforming us bad ' uns , some very kind social agencies gave us suspended sentences .
te	NN	" Your aunt didn 't tell you there was a way out , did she ? "
te	NNS	Branches scratched her skin .
te	NN	This time Xavier would ask how they were getting his home number .
te	NNS	There are always exceptions . "
te	NNS	The seniors in our crowd put Evan and me to work grilling hot dogs on a public barbecue near the lifeguard stand .
te	NN	The last file was thinnest of all .
te	NNS	Immediately behind it , three other vehicles pulled out , following closely .
te	NNS	Emotions were streaming through the mind like tears of joy and sadness .
te	NN	The argument got everyones attention .
te	NN	Would my developed senses stay with me when I switched back to human form ?
te	NN	The first bolt bounced of the creature 's skull , the second embedded in its chest .
te	NNS	The students began to pack their bags .
te	NN	The small guard shack was a lot bigger than it looked from the outside .
te	NNS	The black fatigues added another layer of menace to his already imposing frame , though the pastel beret tempered his hard edge .
te	NNS	My teammates cheered , and I was surprised to find myself laughing .
te	NNS	There were a few glowing crystals here and there around the cave .
te	NN	The pistol butt almost connected with my head , but I ducked just in time .
te	NNS	Dragos commanded me to provide the sole cover while he and his men fled out the back . "
te	NN	His cane pushed holes through the green grass into the moist dirt .
te	NNS	Tiny bones gave texture to the meat .
te	NNS	Still , rivers meant civilization .
te	NNS	Justus shouted to Anna and the others as they tore up the steps behind him , lugging their respective wounded .
te	NNS	And then new rumors came , this time to disturb those in the highest places of power .
te	NN	The timing could not be any worse .
te	NN	R wore a loose white shirt with a jean skirt , which was cut off by the frame .
te	NNS	Both groups forbade the match and told the pair that they would disown them if they went ahead .
te	NNS	" The reports about the monster are most disturbing .
te	NN	' So you see , ' said the eagle , spreading its wings and flapping up onto the railing .
te	NNS	With every distancing yard , Lila 's nerves tightened and threatened to snap .
te	NN	Nobody else was going to desert her .
te	NN	Occasionally a senior editor would ask him to look into something in particular .
te	NN	Out on deck , the crew of the Lady Grace took to their stations as if they 'd left the sea only yesterday .
te	NNS	" Those bandages work on dogs . "
te	NN	And more troubling , the source of the illumination wasn 't torches or candles or lanterns .
te	NN	Then , Speed saw a bright green energy sphere expand from the injured creature , and everything went black .
te	NN	And yet today the brew seemed to taste great .
te	NN	The hog came charging in a straight line .
te	NNS	Three late nights were catching up with me .
te	NN	The vamp finally seemed to realize I was serious .
te	NN	The fire exit led out to the clinic 's lavishly landscaped gardens .
te	NN	But the bell sounded and Kali was saved .
te	NN	" There 's an eagle up there somewhere .
te	NN	The concussion from the explosion took Mike 's hearing for the next two or three minutes .
te	NN	Nobody uttered a single word in the middle .
te	NNS	Bright yellow rays ran along the ground , the melting frost glistening .
te	NNS	Dark circles had developed under my eyes and my skin felt dehydrated .
te	NNS	Iris briefly examined Hagan .
te	NNS	The old pumps were basically silver boxes sticking up out of the ground , long empty .
te	NN	The void seemed to be swirling , swallowing her up bit by bit .
te	NNS	Then the flower spirits popped out from the bushes , smiling and giggling happily .
te	NNS	Vampires are capable of making you commit depraved acts you cannot even conceive of .
te	NNS	" Mountains , they got their dangers , just like anywhere else .
te	NN	The space yacht was falling faster .
te	NN	" Everybody 'll agree not to talk about the baby , and to keep Ricky 's name out of it . "
te	NNS	Without the hippopotamus African rivers would be sterile , and where they had been driven away , the rivers died .
te	NN	The quiet buzz of expectation filled the hall as the stranger approached the entrance , " Where do you think you 're going ? "
te	NNS	* * * Voices murmured around me , and cold hands pulled at my bad shoulder , sending a white-hot shock of pain down my arm .
te	NNS	Their wails grew louder , as did the roar of two engines pushed to the max .
te	NNS	The automaton 's attacks were straightforward and simple , but as the minutes passed it began throwing more combinations and feints .
te	NN	" And this glorious bridesmaid must be Cathy .
te	NN	A waiter tripped over a potted tree , champagne glasses sliding , shattering on the floor .
te	NNS	The priestess you were waiting for was me ?
te	NN	The cop pushes the paper back at Trystan , but he doesn 't take it .
te	NN	His faith should have been strong enough to carry his doubts , strong enough to answer the unanswerable .
te	NN	The old code breaker . "
te	NNS	The priests cursed the demon .
te	NNS	My senses leaped at my thoughts and guilt followed .
te	NN	" And there is no cure for addiction to it .
te	NNS	The Temperance League offices were on Chestnut Street and down some , a walk of nearly a dozen blocks from her present position .
te	NN	The orphanage needs a new roof .
te	NN	A deep groan rumbled through him and a thousand emotions erupted inside me .
te	NN	At one point , his butt was on the seat while the upper part of his body was lying on the floor board .
te	NN	The combination of being unfaithful and having a small penis isn 't a good thing for a guy . "
te	NNS	" The two priests said a mass that night and led prayers again the next morning .
te	NN	" She 's not all that , " one gal said to the other with a wrinkle of her nose .
te	NNS	Friends look out for each other .
te	NN	" Every publicly filed document seemed legit .
te	NN	The segment of questioning that could possibly be glossed over as benign curiosity ended with those first two inquiries .
te	NN	Though he spoke with dignity , there was a certain bitterness to his words as he finally had to verbally acknowledge the outcome he feared the most .
te	NNS	Around him , the troops scrambled free of their seat straps , adjusted battle harnesses , retrieved rifles from bulkhead racks .
te	NN	A chill went through me .
te	NN	My aunt smiled at me and mouthed the words " thank you " .
te	NN	The warm breeze was starting to turn chilly but I didn 't care .
te	NN	Her next column came out the same evening and referred to tough pessimistic reporters who took themselves much too seriously .
te	NNS	Those few students still out hurried along the paths .
te	NN	There 's a light spring breeze blowing against my back .
te	NNS	The Death 's Head spiders are intelligent and as big as a large dog .
te	NN	From inside , the crew of the now dwindling supply of Earth frigates could see the enemy behemoth .
te	NNS	Ten dragons is not so bad .
te	NN	Whether he has any proof or not , nobody knows . "
te	NN	The hint of concern in his voice caused mine to shake .
te	NN	A dagger emerged and Webb yelled out PIN while he stabbed Hayes to the dirt through his armor near his chest .
te	NN	His abdomen laced tight , his body fighting the need to come too quickly .
te	NN	" Bring it to the bench , " ordered the judge .
te	NNS	Zeus have mercy on them all if Vane ever came home .
te	NN	His strong fingers found her temples , began a soothing rhythm .
te	NN	His father 's health was failing from emphysema .
te	NN	The general and captain said nothing .
te	NN	My attraction to Carson was a shock .
te	NNS	The white columns reached gracefully up to the ceiling and multicolored tiles of marble glistened beneath her feet .
te	NNS	Lukas asked , relaxing back against the wall .
te	NNS	Before them stretched a gargantuan valley , the far mountains upon the other side only just visible beyond the great forest in between .
te	NN	our server asks us .
te	NN	The cop was a woman , and Fiji stormed across the road to her .
te	NNS	Various sizes of flat-screen TVs suspended at every angle broadcasted different athletic events to the virtually empty room .
te	NNS	Tallis and his family seemed somewhat pleased with that new bit of information .
te	NNS	The swords mounted behind him tumbled to the ground and papers swirled everywhere .
te	NNS	The sheets rose and fell with her steady breathing .
te	NNS	She 'd better bring extra in case more ponies showed up .
te	NNS	" The fingerprints we found didn 't match any that we had on record .
te	NN	" As Your Majesty commands , " the magistrate replied in a squeaky voice .
te	NN	The brand is heavy in your hand .
te	NN	A possible alliance will serve the same purpose as a real one .
te	NN	The grim realization in his dark eyes when he realized his fate .
te	NN	His dick was beautiful : proportional , with a head just the right size and a straight and hard shaft .
te	NNS	Michaels trembled at the outburst .
te	NNS	Tiny shards bounced off me harmlessly , clanging off the floor like wind chimes .
te	NN	Sex with Rena was better than any alcohol buzz .
te	NNS	" Fewer regulations , easier inspections .
te	NNS	Those two syllables were difficult to bring forth , but Victoria did manage .
te	NNS	" At last your talents fail ?
te	NNS	There were many guns to choose from .
te	NNS	Our families have been friends forever .
te	NN	Selena 's rapid heartbeat slowed as she looked into a face that was a lot like her own , only more intensely stunning .
te	NNS	Their arrows flew gracefully high into the sky above us , arching to a slow apex before angling downward again and hurtling into their unseen targets .
te	NNS	And then matters took a more interesting turn still .
te	NN	There 's a shift in the air , an omen perhaps , one that I should run away from , but I don 't budge .
te	NN	The crew member hesitated .
te	NNS	Jess tugged at her until she came out of her chair and settled on his lap .
te	NNS	Other students were writing about the impact of language on thought and culture ; Sara wrote about the impact of landscape on language , thought and culture .
te	NN	There was a faint blur of green , and a whistling sound like something furry flying through the air .
te	NN	Their bloodlust made hateful bile rise in Reginald 's throat .
te	NN	" My grandfather lost some fights too , but he learned from them and kept going forward .
te	NNS	The machines started beeping a different tune , and the nurse exclaimed .
te	NN	A realization that he wasn 't sure pleased or annoyed him as he had scoured the streets of Chicago in search of the woman .
te	NNS	" Baked beans was the first thing she ate , by accident .
te	NNS	Lies and more lies .
te	NNS	My nerves kicked in .
te	NN	A North American Navy cruiser and a cargo ship were trying to keep tabs on her .
te	NN	Her agreement was slow , methodical .
te	NNS	Blinking markers point to various areas around each of the bodies , while data scrolls on each side of the projections .
te	NNS	As Angel pulled and drank from him , Knox 's canines extended .
te	NN	A waiter approached his table and handed him the lunch menu .
te	NNS	All the teams lined up in their designated boxes .
te	NN	My cock had been rock hard since the first time I 'd seen Chloe .
te	NNS	Any remaining concerns I might have harbored about the marriage completely disappeared .
te	NN	Her head swam , making the road beneath her feet jump and move .
te	NNS	" No tags , but that car is going to be easy to track .
te	NNS	As we walked farther and crested the hill , the clouds parted and the house came into full view .
te	NN	My companion has still not said anything and I can no longer fight the childish urge to seek comfort from his , hopefully , more mature thoughts .
te	NNS	And what were the odds of meeting another guy into zombie games ?
te	NNS	The seat belts locked , and the car stopped about ten yards shy of the creature .
te	NNS	There were two messages from Jerry .
te	NNS	There were more gunshots , and then a lot of yelling .
te	NNS	Perhaps it was stubbornness , reacting against the things Clubs had said earlier .
te	NN	The ocean was calm , its waves small and blue , and the sun was hot on her back .
te	NN	" What the heck happened ? "
te	NNS	At the ends were big silver loops .
te	NNS	At the leg of every arch , statues rose on either side of the bridge .
te	NNS	But these mountains are in my blood , and they 're in Ty 's blood too . "
te	NNS	Just as he reached the corridor , tires crunched on the gravel .
te	NN	Sometimes a farmer hit the railing at the bridge .
te	NN	The boiler had rusted through .
te	NNS	Ben leans forward , elbows resting over the bar , an impressed smirk on his face .
te	NNS	Dreams were color , although not his .
te	NN	" All units : we require medical attention , " said the co-pilot who 'd told me about the Abbey and the shop .
te	NN	At least she noted , " Our tent is in the other direction . "
te	NNS	The sorceress would simply use Mari 's friends to wield them against her .
te	NNS	Powerful demons live on a different level of this city and rarely venture here .
te	NN	The mark didn 't burn , because she was telling the truth .
te	NNS	Vending machines lined the walls and three tables sat in the middle of the room with plastic chairs scattered about them .
te	NN	A chill snaked down my back .
te	NNS	Aiden 's brows slammed down as concern flared .
te	NNS	" What are your views on children , Red ? "
te	NN	The nurse was soon back and treated his injuries .
te	NNS	But the limitations of the speed of light make that look very unlikely .
te	NN	The floorboard of the pontoon boat was a disgusting mess with brown , wet clay from the bottom of the lake muddying up the waterproof carpeting .
te	NNS	Many professional athletes came from couples whose genetic pool contained a percentage of Were blood .
te	NN	The clasp caught on the shade when I snatched at it and I had to reach out to steady the lamp .
te	NN	Maybe Yates ' lecture had made an impression on him .
te	NN	The bolt slowly turned in the lock , but Jack had his hand resting on the doorknob .
te	NN	There was only a slight breeze in the tops of the trees and barely a ripple across the river .
te	NN	Her schooling , plus her internship , didn 't leave much room for a social life , anyway .
te	NNS	" Humans will donate blood for a set number of years .
te	NNS	There are dozens of little groups mingling in and all around The Cove , some down by the river not far away .
te	NN	But pride steps in and I refuse to back down , reasoning that they deserved it .
te	NNS	Doctors can 't find a darned thing wrong with him but like clockwork the pains start until his breathing becomes labored and almost painful to watch .
te	NNS	Only the non-violent residents get to use that room .
te	NNS	The day 's last rays of sunlight filtered orange through the windowpane .
te	NNS	Humans are through suffering at the hands of fellow humans . "
te	NN	Figure out what you want and let me know ! "
te	NNS	With this family , presents were almost an afterthought .
te	NN	Two weeks later , in Nevada , the second spacecraft was ready and packed for the third flight into space four weeks from then .
te	NN	Anxiety burst in her chest .
te	NN	When I was done , a pile of bodies , most unconscious , lay against the far wall of the bar .
te	NNS	The last rays of daylight were flung across the rippled waters like a ruby rug .
te	NNS	Their families had been business rivals for years , a competition that only seemed to increase once Jordan Jefferies had taken over after his father 's death .
te	NNS	The black clouds parted , and an enormous shape plummeted toward them .
te	NNS	Tomas hugged him for the first time a few days ago .
te	NNS	The researchers had found us a good story .
te	NN	Fish can probably swim in here from outside , and maybe the odd aquatic mammal .
te	NNS	Only criminals or the most destitute went without a bracelet .
te	NNS	The smaller rocks along the riverbank had similar coverings .
te	NNS	The deep amethyst flecks that were speckled through them shone brilliantly in the shadows of the store room .
te	NN	Anyone with eyes in his head couldn 't possibly miss that .
te	NNS	The Arcane records agree with that version of history . "
te	NN	Without it the killer was still a free man .
te	NN	His closeness to Adele , but his inability to get closer , was a sweet torment that both frustrated and yet excited him .
te	NN	There was no impatience in his voice , no anger , only a soft gentleness that threatened to fragment her heart .
te	NN	The prisoner was inside the military 's interrogation room this very minute .
te	NN	My heart rate had steadied at that point and I was actually becoming very tired .
te	NNS	Voices grew louder as the night progressed and more drinks were consumed , the party coming to fruition as the mood heightened .
te	NNS	Red rivers watered my throat .
te	NN	But her most extraordinary feature was hair .
te	NNS	" Both teams punt , then the Broncos fumble .
te	NNS	" These lads have done our work for us .
te	NN	Within seconds of closing her eyes , a kaleidoscope of images flickered pulling her into the dream . .
te	NNS	There are blue shingles and a white trim , with a wide wraparound porch and a path winding past the house , back to the beach .
te	NNS	Their group decisions would be hard to resist .
te	NNS	Emotions were crowding in on him fast and hard , so many he couldn 't sort them out .
te	NNS	Then one morning troops landed on the island .
te	NN	Their timing leaves something to be desired .
te	NNS	Her brows shoot up and her eyes get round .
te	NNS	On the left side of the desk were two drawers , a medium size drawer above and one deep drawer below .
te	NN	Nobody was looking at him .
te	NNS	And our servers are fine now . "
te	NNS	" The wraiths will finish them off .
te	NN	Even though he didn 't believe in long-term love , an affair with a companion he enjoyed was something he missed .
te	NNS	The newly recruited fighters made their way into the dark tunnel ahead of them and started the first of many such journeys .
te	NNS	For the next hour , the five sisters , the Royal Physician and the Chancellor sat in quiet vigil with the dying King .
te	NNS	Lukas said as the looked into Lord Nemesis 's office .
te	NNS	The farming tribes make us pay more for wheat and cotton , and foraging has been lean for our women .
te	NN	" Tonight , " he said , hands on his hips , " we celebrate the Pack , the mothers , the sires .
te	NNS	Over and over again the terrifying shrieks echo throughout the large room .
te	NNS	He had a sick look on his face , for every time he inhaled , ribs shifted under his palm .
te	NNS	At first there were reports of bites .
te	NNS	The fields around the house were bare for the winter , and the yard was bleached and dead .
te	NN	The algorithmic architecture of this Imperial system is ... " " Speak Common to me , Priya .
te	NN	My friend Kathy was one of those people .
te	NN	Suddenly , there was a commotion at the hall 's entrance .
te	NNS	The bells at the Inquisition Tower are tolling .
te	NN	The sunlight reflected off the phone 's screen , and I instantly regretted it .
te	NNS	The lads set up to play and Calvin left them .
te	NNS	" What 's all the fuss about a friend sayin ' good-bye ? "
te	NN	Rain begins to pour outside and cascades down the glass wall of windows stretching up above us .
te	NNS	The occupants of the conveyance were laughing and listening to the sing-song voice of their guide describing points of interest with a few local myths thrown in .
te	NNS	' The hunting spears are . '
te	NN	A commotion erupted near the return counter .
te	NN	The axe chopped through the leathery , red skin , bone and tendons in one chop .
te	NNS	But things changed drastically , the princess of the realm took to the throne after he father died .
te	NN	" My aunt is not perfect , but she loved her brother .
te	NNS	What a change of flesh is here : Think how many royal bones Sleep within these heaps of stones . ' "
te	NN	A gasp rippled through the crowd ; they recognized the taste and feel of it , the story that had just been handed to them .
te	NN	Your project is brilliant .
te	NNS	My brows came together .
te	NN	A cab in this exclusive area drew too much attention .
te	NN	Suddenly she saw the caves , the place Dragon had intended to go to do the finest dreaming .
te	NNS	" No schematics found . "
te	NNS	My limbs felt very heavy .
te	NN	Even the reminder of the horrible nightmare didn 't distract her from what his hand was doing .
te	NN	" Your faith protects you , eh ? "
te	NN	" The ladder is missing the seventh rung .
te	NN	My captor was behind me winding more duct tape around my chest and legs .
te	NNS	Sam 's ribs were now hurting with laughter , but she couldn 't get up to help because of her own legs , encased in plaster .
te	NNS	Zeus stepped to the side and glanced at his daughter .
te	NN	Next cliff was mine . "
te	NN	The tide made a low , snoring sound .
te	NN	There was a smack of empty palm on emptier head .
te	NNS	Two weekends passed and the judge stayed in Roanoke .
te	NN	Probably nobody 'll call me that again in my whole life . "
te	NNS	My suspicions start to gnaw at me , but when I pick up my head , Dallas has turned her hatred to me .
te	NN	Some lawyerly logic would serve him well right now , except logical was the last thing he felt around Marianna .
te	NNS	Butterflies danced in my ribcage .
te	NNS	His thick biceps rippled , sending a wave along his textured skin .
te	NN	But the buyer does not . "
te	NN	Although the Medical Centre had completed the tests free of charge , there was still a sizable bill for the first series of examinations .
te	NNS	Years of training took over as she managed to rip one arm free of its grasp .
te	NN	A certain amount of Air Force honor rode on this .
te	NN	His admission brought Daisy back to her usual happy self .
te	NNS	Lukas even point out some areas that he had marched through with her great uncle .
te	NN	" Anyone can be powerful , Mum , with three legions at your back . "
te	NN	As the aide 's car pulls away , the general rushes back into the terminal building .
te	NN	More elegant dining took place inside , but the pavement was crowded with diners interested in a less formal meal .
te	NNS	Suddenly , more weaves sprang up around Egwene .
te	NN	The fever got hold of me but the doctor helped me and I lived .
te	NN	Her heartbeat nearly cracked her ribs .
te	NN	The downside was there were several lurkers stalking in the darkness just ahead of the hunters waiting for such an opportunity .
te	NNS	Since then , their fortunes have multiplied every year .
te	NNS	Justus drummed his torch on the palm of his hand .
te	NNS	What matters is how I feel , and I know where I 'm happiest , and who I 'm happiest with . "
te	NNS	To this day , many families in European town can trace their descendants back to European traders and they take pride in this .
te	NNS	Our enemies have us surrounded .
te	NN	Behind her , a pile of clothes covered her carefully made bed .
te	NN	A girlish purr answered the very tall and angular middle-aged man first .
te	NNS	The stone slabs dipped a bit in the middle , worn down by innumerable people treading on them during the long naval history of this place .
te	NNS	Lukas pressed a hot , lingering kiss to her bare shoulder , then moved away to shut the door .
te	NNS	The arrows in the air flew quickly toward the targets , peppering them as they landed .
te	NN	The bridal was once again unbreakable by magic .
te	NNS	In front of the gatehouse are two stone posts , topped with lions ' heads .
te	NN	The massive beast that pulled the cart lumbered in a slow yet steady pace along the dirt courtyard .
te	NN	The nurse took Shotgun 's other arm .
te	NNS	The black veins pulsed beneath his skin , choking his senses and dulling his mind .
te	NN	" What was the prediction ? "
te	NN	I went back into the waiting room , fresh plaster cast on my arm , to find Allison and her mom waiting .
te	NN	A vast underwater array of lights , arranged in a rectangular pattern .
te	NN	The academy was full when he applied and Captain Hoff had already begun his lobbying to keep vamps out .
te	NN	As did the echo of an accusing little voice in my brain .
te	NNS	Demons were a source of torment , not peace .
te	NNS	My insides warmed when I caught sight of him .
te	NN	" Before you go , there is a custom that must be observed .
te	NNS	Justus looked him in the eye .
te	NN	" The code forbids it , unless they are guilty of the grossest excesses .
te	NN	The project is too important . "
te	NNS	These twelve individuals are the government whose purpose is to maintain order , draft laws , and protect our laws .
te	NN	The household erupted into total pandemonium .
te	NNS	On the farm , bedrooms were for shutting your eyes in .
te	NNS	As she spoke , her nails elongated to sharp points .
te	NNS	These days the advanced electronics didn 't require any visible means of amplification , but even without it , no one would have missed a thing .
te	NNS	In fact , the results of the experiment were disappointing .
te	NN	Nobody had ever said anything like this to me .
te	NNS	Tess whispered sorrowfully , unaware that she was not trapped in an illusion .
te	NNS	As they approached the men working in the warm sun , snatches of their conversation floated down to them .
te	NNS	The first two periods , English and Math were nothing but talking .
te	NNS	And these mood swings were now exhausting him .
te	NN	" There 's a block on his file that requires higher security clearance than I have . "
te	NN	" My aunt asked for my help . "
te	NN	Dad 's " proposal " was plain and simple blackmail .
te	NN	The thick jungle , filled during the day with the calling of the parrots overhead , was now quiet and dark .
te	NN	His only ally is Karen Dekker , a reporter with a tortured past and the chance to break the biggest story of her career .
te	NN	A breeze lifted her long hair off her shoulders .
te	NN	In front of them , the great dome of the greenhouse ship rose in front of them , shining glass .
te	NN	" What color is his vehicle ? "
te	NN	The nurse shakes her head as I lead the way to the elevator .
te	NNS	Butterflies wreaked havoc inside me , and I found it difficult to swallow and breathe at the same time .
te	NNS	Tallis looked at me and put his hand on my knee as he joined in on the conversation I had apparently managed to miss .
te	NNS	The stones haven 't been even since the Order . "
te	NN	Having a girlfriend who was a Reformer would make things more than a little awkward .
te	NN	The cover sheet bore the logo of Stanford Enterprises .
te	NN	The nurse appeared at my elbow .
te	NN	Silence fell as Max shuffled off , and Preston moved away to run a warm , wet cloth over her body .
te	NNS	Rumors are that you 're now siding with the hunters . "
te	NNS	His nerves were probably as good as mine were - maybe even better .
te	NN	Derrick , thanks to his smooth sales skills , knew how to ask the right questions , without being obnoxious or rude .
te	NN	Silence enveloped the room .
te	NN	The doorbell rang as she finished , and she opened it to see Matt Albright standing on the porch with two uniformed police officers behind him .
te	NN	Your physical self is stronger now .
te	NN	The nurse told him that they were just waiting for the results and that the doctor would be back in as soon as she had them .
te	NNS	Millions of years of learning that , on the whole , people will probably eat you first .
te	NNS	Several other , smaller groups will proceed immediately to the higher levels of the building to dispense with certain key Erudite officials .
te	NN	Silence on both ends .
te	NNS	Air defense systems are down and our ground troops have penetrated the subterranean base . "
te	NNS	" Considering your days of eating nails are over with . "
te	NN	Even the fitted bottom sheet had come loose .
te	NNS	Our little family habits are no secret to anyone .
te	NN	Caught yeh , fair n ' square , now ain 't I ? "
te	NNS	The corridor outside the room was stone , big blocks of limestone slotted together with concrete .
te	NN	The wagon hit a rock .
te	NNS	The gloves and scarf looked home-made .
te	NNS	" Those five bad dates were your fault . "
te	NNS	But for every advancing step taken by any of the females , the males countered while others moved this way and that behind them ready to spring .
te	NN	" The jerk at table six left this and I don 't want it . "
te	NNS	Blue symbols glowed under his skin .
te	NNS	No , there were dozens of other arguments to prove one couldn 't go back into the past to change the future .
te	NN	Course by then , the crew had taken the ship an ' Sykes was the new captain . "
te	NNS	He knew he was powerful enough , knew his knowledge exceeded the boundaries of Carpathian law .
te	NN	A loud thump echoed through the forest .
te	NN	" No destination in mind , " she said , forcing a smile .
te	NNS	And special demons target those same individuals in special ways . "
te	NNS	The imperial bodyguards had clearly been the first to fall .
te	NNS	He looked at me , brows raised .
te	NN	The moans of the wounded were there , but their pitiful cries were few and lost to the wind that blew in from the sea .
te	NN	" So my advice is we trust the kid . "
te	NNS	Moments later the engines revved to life , churning up the water .
te	NN	A cool breeze was blowing out to the coast , meaning if they set it right , the balloon would carry across the basin .
te	NN	The little guesthouse was the epitome of the word " cozy . "
te	NN	" Give her ... " the primal vamp growled again .
te	NNS	There were pros and cons to each .
te	NN	A service trolley waited for me in the corner , so I tried lifting the lid off the dinner plate .
te	NN	" Come with us , " Con snapped .
te	NNS	Humans are also way too fragile .
te	NN	the conductor called out .
te	NN	Ship 's bell from the wreck ' Eleanor ' 1827 .
te	NN	The technician returned to the workstation and pulling up logs .
te	NN	" What does this mark look like ? "
te	NN	The platform fills with new people getting off the train , so I switch to some more familiar tunes .
te	NNS	And now the princess had come for her .
te	NNS	Five adults , as if he was going to be able to make that much of a difference .
te	NN	But before he started shifting , the coward turned and walked away .
te	NN	There was a shoe that had been his father 's .
te	NNS	Other intelligence services would also want to know what this girl had to tell them about the machine she had worked for .
te	NN	His physics homework was a lot tougher and he was gnawing on his pencil trying to figure out the motion problem .
te	NN	The full effect of the damage she 'd just done coursed through my body .
te	NNS	The males , at least , were ready for anything .
te	NN	Silence gripped the crowds as the last clue landed .
te	NNS	Jess twisted on the marble half-moon bench upon which she sat and placed her needlepoint carefully in the bag beside her .
te	NNS	Likely these parasitic flies traveled between these various families to better hide themselves . "
te	NN	Human behaviour does not have that predictability because humans have intelligence that allows for freedom of action within the constraints of the environment .
te	NN	" The ocean looks like a magnificent creature in the beauty of the day , does she not ? "
te	NN	The crease between her brows deepens and she begins biting at the pad of her thumb .
te	NN	The rear of the shop held a workbench on which parts were scattered .
te	NN	But one little phrase crept into Nate 's vocabulary that did not go unnoticed : " My money . "
te	NNS	Even the tacos looked halfway edible , but still I picked at my fingernails and shifted around on the couch .
te	NNS	The students and faculty appreciate their freedom and understand its terms .
te	NN	The magnet was of Jenna sitting on Santa 's lap .
te	NN	My dick is really happy about that . "
te	NN	A shout went up through the courtyard and the men pressed forward , eager to see the impending clash .
te	NN	The strap tugged at his shoulder .
te	NN	The curtain rustled and Ava came through carrying three reservoir glasses .
te	NN	" But my lucky comet , Henrietta , is orbiting , and a Pageant was announced today for all the current number ones .
te	NN	In fact , my client had done nothing more than to be in the wrong place at the wrong time , coincidentally on two separate occasions .
te	NN	There was a tic above his eyebrow , but Ethan held his tongue .
te	NNS	" Maybe your CIA personnel could tell us what interference was happening to our shuttle , and who is behind this act of sabotage ? "
te	NN	There is a family sorrow , and the sight of my sister might re-open those wounds .
te	NNS	Jess lay very still for a long while , so long that Saber 's heart began to accelerate .
te	NN	From what I hear , his IQ is off the chart . "
te	NN	Every client you 've had wanted you , plus some .
te	NN	There 's no use playing coy with him , and indeed -- she 's a stranger , and she should simply be grateful for what he did .
te	NNS	Bloated glass bottles , skinny glass vials , jars containing powders and liquids .
te	NNS	" Mundane clubs do generally frown upon patrons who have , purely for random example , an abundance of weaponry about their person .
te	NNS	For at least ten years , observers had been predicting that genetic engineering , computer programming , and nanotechnology would eventually merge .
te	NNS	The deer turned toward the sound , flaring his nostrils , as if scenting for his killer .
te	NN	Anyone would have liked the piece , he thought , when it had been whole .
te	NN	Looking into Eli 's sweet face , a lump formed in her throat .
te	NN	The librarian scanned her eyes across the five of them , then turned back to her computer screen .
te	NNS	A few woody shrubs began to appear by its banks , and soon he came upon a stunted coppice by the side of a pool .
te	NN	The fierce impact of it knocked Brutus down and Mister bit down hard on the first thing he could get his teeth into .
te	NNS	Several small buildings clustered together to form a town near the hospital where my mother had stayed .
te	NNS	His reflexes ... I 've never seen anyone close to his speed . "
te	NNS	The top-notch engines whispered a seductive tune , mingling with the blast of wind gusting through the cargo door cranking open .
te	NN	" The ocean plays an illusion on our minds . "
te	NN	For the briefest of instants a flicker of recognition registered on the baron 's face .
te	NN	And our expert thinks he knows why . "
te	NN	The warm sunlight leaked through the trees to hit my face .
te	NN	The flight attendant brought him coffee , and he drank it gratefully .
te	NN	A beam of light cut across the water .
te	NN	A deep groan tore from his chest .
te	NN	The cop shook his head .
te	NNS	" What does attacking the tribes have to do with anything ? "
te	NNS	Horses didn 't scare her friends , and they 'd assumed she wasn 't afraid either .
te	NN	Concern and a streak of fear went through Bay .
te	NNS	The laughs were nonstop .
te	NNS	But if something went wrong , our enemies would then have two powerful monarchs to blackmail .
te	NN	A scattering of twigs crackled underfoot .
te	NN	The cold mask returned , and she took a step away from him .
te	NNS	Years go by and I realize that the places are fine .
te	NNS	Jordan 's brows snapped together , then he leaned his head back and sighed heavily .
te	NNS	The ponies were silent in the presence of Binky .
te	NN	An agreement was exactly what he needed .
te	NN	" What is your Journey ? "
te	NN	Well , the poor brave bugger would die a martyr at least .
te	NNS	One by one , the students slipped out , leaving their envelopes taped to the edge of their desk to receive valentines .
te	NN	The waiter deposited her firmly on the doorstep .
te	NNS	The sheets felt cool against her body .
te	NN	The frost was climbing up the windows , branching out from the base and creating long , complex patterns .
te	NN	The corridor was silent and there didn 't seem to be any heating on .
te	NNS	Good commanders always handle it that way . "
te	NNS	There were stumbles , mistakes , and slow , faltering , delayed actions that earned the culprit a snarled rebuke .
te	NN	" This rodent has stolen a necklace from me ! "
te	NN	A file moved from one pile to another , a slip of paper changing hands .
te	NN	Nobody was listening to him .
te	NNS	Tire ruts crisscrossed the St. Augustine grass .
te	NN	The taunting rasp of his voice told her exactly what he wanted .
te	NN	In the next moment , the grenade exploded .
te	NNS	Not that she owed them her loyalty , but she was a McDonald and as such their enemies were her own .
te	NNS	In another room not far away , the tablet holders and others sat behind a table while Mac stood in front of them .
te	NNS	The tools of our own destruction available for twenty credits each to the discerning shopper . "
te	NN	The blue-green sphere continued to float in the middle of the room .
te	NNS	Dark circles hung low beneath them .
te	NNS	" Of course I 'm right , " Aunt Letty states , indignant .
te	NN	Still , even if Coulter was telling the truth , the adventure would certainly be dangerous .
te	NN	A bright red object near one of the chairs caught his attention .
te	NNS	His sterling eyes enraged , his long canines bared in anger .
te	NNS	Doctors do not kiss hands .
te	NNS	" Given enough time , groups with different survival needs could form into new species .
te	NN	His forceful approach was obviously not working , so he was going to have to try something new .
te	NNS	Zeus looked at the super Cylons and said , " Phase three .
te	NNS	Many whole families came and went , but the majority of these apartments had single people in them -- not very usual for China .
te	NN	The reception hadn 't been pleasant .
te	NN	The nurse in ICU didn 't go through her clothes until this morning .
te	NNS	The numbness was sliding away , and now the pain was sharp and tearing .
te	NN	Her intense attraction to him had nothing to do with that .
te	NNS	Vampires need a change , solid leadership , and a new direction .
te	NNS	There the clouds broke and the moon shone directly upon the lake from above .
te	NN	" Good mornin ' , " Margaret said .
te	NN	Everybody knows this , in fact we 've already decided it .
te	NNS	The rolling barrels thundered .
te	NN	The gist of it was there was something significantly wrong in her lower abdomen , probably not gall stones , but kidney or bladder stones were possible .
te	NN	Although she looked like a big dove and her eyes were always kind , there was a firmness about her plump chin that Keller liked .
te	NNS	All those crazies trying to get into the compound had good reason .
te	NN	" Nobody 's perfect .
te	NN	Red mist fogged her vision as she swung at him with all the strength her fury had given her .
te	NN	As I moved closer to the center , the white mist began to clear , and I tripped again .
te	NN	A few hundred metres south of the boys ' position , another small craft followed in their wake .
te	NN	The insult set off something inside me .
te	NN	But his snooping had been careless and his presence hadn 't gone unnoticed .
te	NNS	" I 'm sorry -- I told Mr. Hammond , there are aspects of this case that I 'm not comfortable discussing .
te	NNS	There are no forms .
te	NN	Nobody laughed or said that twelve soldiers couldn 't make a difference .
te	NNS	At the side of the narrow road , a deer raised its head , startled , and she slowed to a safer speed .
te	NNS	The blows which would have torn Billy to pieces were instead impacting on the brave horse 's body .
te	NNS	Up ahead , dark clouds hovered .
te	NN	No , somebody could stand right on top of her room , only a few feet above her sleeping head .
te	NNS	There 's other beaches ... he reminded himself .
te	NN	The old fisherman told me that she was sort of leaky , and that I should keep an eye on that .
te	NN	As the elves lashed the last of his team to the sleigh , the Big Man wandered over to say goodbye to his wife .
te	NN	Why would Lily 's killer care about your game designs ? "
te	NNS	Her ear buds blocked out the sound of her own screams from ten years ago .
te	NNS	The occupants of the big black limousines were quiet .
te	NN	The Old Man gave information out on a need-to-know basis , which meant that grunts like us were rarely ever in the loop .
te	NN	My snow blindness caused me to see everything in crimson .
te	NNS	My fingertips slipped between two stacks and that allowed me to let go of the strap with my left hand .
te	NN	A tendril of something I 'd never expected to feel spiraled through me top to bottom , along with a hunger for something .
te	NN	The text was one simple word : Gotcha !
te	NNS	Certain spells and training had to be completed to earn this special device which channeled the internal magic that resides within each witch .
te	NN	" My ex-wife was a Level Eight .
te	NNS	" All that matters now are the patterns .
te	NN	Anyone who had worked with them was familiar with Bricker 's voracious appetite .
te	NN	Silence from the other side of the curtain spoke louder than words .
te	NN	Anxiety rose in him .
te	NN	The muzzle flashed with gunfire , sending a barrage of blue-green bullets whizzing into the night .
te	NNS	Those reports hadn 't exaggerated his influence at all .
te	NNS	The two families had gone up to New Hampshire for a week together .
te	NN	Her mermaid cuff bracelet flashed on her right wrist , and large diamond studs twinkled in her ears .
te	NN	Nodding to his longtime friend , the co-pilot turned for a quick exit .
te	NNS	" Your sisters mentioned something about a tribal leader named Johan and some trouble up north . "
te	NN	An injured soldier staggered to the top of the stairs .
te	NNS	The animals flew off in the direction they had come .
te	NNS	His elbows rested on the table , and his face was buried in his hands .
te	NNS	Legolas took a deep breath , like one that drinks a great draught after long thirst in barren places .
te	NNS	The helicopters landed either side of the second vehicle .
te	NN	A fragment of her helmet lay shattered against the snowy ground ; but for the helmet , that would 've been her skull .
te	NNS	Immediately alarm bells started ringing in my head .
te	NN	The microwave pinged , signalling it was done with its brief task .
te	NN	' My aunt , the drama queen ! '
te	NN	The urgency in her employer 's voice had trumped her need to sleep .
te	NNS	His touches , his kisses , grew more and more sexual .
te	NNS	" The carvings , as far as I can tell , are genuine .
te	NN	" No signal , " she muttered and tossed it into the passenger seat .
te	NNS	There were cheers , whistles , jeers and catcalls .
te	NN	The fireman nodded at the inside of the warehouse .
te	NN	The article ran Monday morning on the front cover of the school newspaper .
te	NNS	Many students had travelled the short distance to Raleigh in car pools and at least two chartered busses to attend the tournament finals .
te	NNS	My pelvis was so tight against him that a dizzy spell tore through me .
te	NN	Eventually the tide flowed back on us in the eighteen hundreds , as it always does with any people , sooner or later . "
te	NNS	On either side , rivers of mud , like cool lava , were already flowing out of them .
te	NNS	In general strangers made her uncomfortable .
te	NNS	The flimsy panels shook and it echoed with a hollow sound .
te	NNS	And those bullets had struck deep into Jake .
te	NNS	Financial difficulties are of little consequence . "
te	NN	A distressed moan escaped her lips .
te	NN	In my chest , my alignment with ambition surges .
te	NN	There was only one other exit on the thirteenth floor .
te	NN	His pet rat scurried across the floor .
te	NN	The Winter prince gave me a faint smile .
te	NN	Nobody shot me , so the others did the same .
te	NNS	Only these orbs each carried a tiny flame in their center .
te	NN	There was agreement and they left .
te	NNS	The corners of his mouth turned down in a doubtful frown .
te	NN	Speed couldn 't take it anymore .
te	NNS	" Early NASA missions to Mars took photos of the surface .
te	NNS	Tiberius ignored him and crossed the threshold without any apparent trepidation .
te	NNS	Small hints of blue sparkled at me like stars in the twilight sky .
te	NN	The impact of her action showed in his eyes with devastating clarity .
te	NNS	Her fingers dug into his buttocks , urging him deeper into her , then slid down to caress the thick columns of his thighs .
te	NN	" We need to talk , " the killer said , while he continued to fiddle with something on the table by the far wall .
te	NNS	The spirits knew the name of her sister ; they knew the name of her son .
te	NN	Anyone could manage that .
te	NNS	To not care and not see how very human his enemies were .
te	NN	Thankfully their server arrived with the first course of their meal , saving Carol from answering .
te	NNS	Her fingertips traveled down his chest to the hard shape of his waiting manhood .
te	NNS	The corners of his lips tug upward .
te	NNS	Old habits , peacefully done . '
te	NN	" Uncover her , " said the judge .
te	NN	The crew simultaneously said hello .
te	NN	" What 's our timing and where do you want us ? "
te	NN	There was a yelp .
te	NN	Her old nurse was the only one to stand beside her when the scandal had broken .
te	NN	The warm night breeze wafted the sounds of crickets and frogs through my vehicle 's open windows .
te	NNS	The jeweled bases were flashy and he imagined that if the stones were real they would be worth a lot of money .
te	NNS	" And those big hairy black spiders are scary .
te	NN	Nobody moved as they watched the creature slowly stroll toward the city .
te	NNS	The corners of Alaric 's mouth lifted in a half smile and then he left the chamber and strode down the hall .
te	NNS	A few stray clouds drifted lazily by , but were so thin the stars already out had no trouble shining .
te	NN	On their patron god 's territory , when she was only fourteen years old , the same ocean that killed her mother .
te	NNS	" And without a middle there are no extremes .
te	NN	" Nobody cared . "
te	NN	His knuckles are white on the steering wheel .
te	NNS	There are no spiders in this creation , so I slipped back and webbed from there to here and from here to there again .
te	NN	Your crew isn 't working hard enough .
te	NNS	Years of being a soldier had honed his body into that of a well built killing machine , one that we all looked to for leadership .
te	NN	His sharp inhalation made her smile .
te	NNS	And so , the two reluctant allies set off to rescue the known universe from a dangerous new threat .
te	NNS	There were rumors circulating about other possible challengers , but as the days progressed , no one stepped forward to throw his hat in the ring .
te	NNS	No two castles were the same , and in that way no two days were ever the same .
te	NNS	Her insides clenched with the fear that he would say no .
te	NN	My intention is not to hurt your people though . '
te	NN	The amount of bruising , the force involved , it should have crushed her windpipe .
te	NNS	The black veins on his neck reached up around the back of his jaw and onto his scalp beneath his hair .
te	NN	The killer was teasing in more than one way .
te	NN	Now , in 2010 , the novel is complete and ready to be released .
te	NN	The paparazzi lying in wait for the three of them on the sidewalk outside of Valentina and Tatiana 's house were anything but a blessing .
te	NN	She frowns , the pan sizzling .
te	NNS	The adults moved to the massive hall and gathered around the hearth .
te	NN	This time however , there was no amusement , or leering , in his fierce gaze .
te	NN	The day shift left en masse .
te	NN	My intention all along had been to get my wakeboarding legs back this first day .
te	NNS	That deer had to be at least two hundred paces away . "
te	NNS	Graham 's brows drew together .
te	NN	" There 's your whore , Elijah .
te	NNS	Iris shook her head and did not move from the open door .
te	NNS	The requests that Isaiah passed along were all well-chosen , and although it took some time , they were doable .
te	NNS	The simpler examples seemed too plain .
te	NN	The frenzy of blood and battle unnerved them sufficiently that hasty aggression seemed preferable to well-conceived accuracy .
te	NN	There was still half a pan in the refrigerator .
te	NN	The sniper had shot from the lower half of the street .
te	NN	A collection of portables ringed the main campus .
te	NN	" Your cousin suffered a gunshot to his abdomen .
te	NN	A softly spoken phrase that sounded suspiciously like , " I love you . "
te	NNS	The skeletons in his closet weren 't unexpected , and none raised any alarms for Samantha , Karen , or Gwen .
te	NNS	Justus smirked and she returned a smile , before turning to run up a hefty flight of stairs .
te	NNS	The dates added up for her claim .
te	NN	Surely the killer wouldn 't use them ?
te	NNS	Jess entered his office , upset over Patsy 's supposed accident .
te	NN	" Family emergency , sorry .
te	NN	The clock struck thrice .
te	NNS	Cats were not modest as a rule .
te	NNS	Suddenly a young male cardinal arrived , his muted brown feathers interlaced with the brighter crimson colors .
te	NNS	Just below the Hab , beside the rovers , two white circles sat in the sand .
te	NNS	Heads nodded all around , and Jon turned to lead the group down the path .
te	NN	The moaning was coming from in there , and the door was slightly ajar .
te	NNS	Were all families like this ?
te	NN	Had the Alchemist in the footage sent Jameson packing ?
te	NN	The banging continues , then someone else is knocking on the back door and yelling for Nathan .
te	NN	Improvised high-pitched sounds heartbreaking .
te	NN	" Ah , yes , the river , " the ghost said softly .
te	NNS	Jess didn 't harm herself , " Sorry .
te	NNS	Aquarius leaned over and pulled a piece of paper off the wall .
te	NN	' What is our destination ? '
te	NNS	Three stations and five transactions met her criteria .
te	NN	Riley 's completion came in minutes , with a flash of pleasure so keen it bordered on pain .
te	NN	How would her aunt contact her ?
te	NN	A criminal like that needs to be stopped .
te	NNS	" Anton , you have to know , these guns or even my hair won 't be all that 's left of me . "
te	NN	That beam that was starting to hurt my smile muscles burst again as I reached for the white envelope on one of the arrangements .
te	NN	" A ghost is someone who died .
te	NN	My grandfather and all of my friends are there . "
te	NN	There 's nothin ' you can say to me that I haven 't already heard .
te	NNS	Most residents rolled their eyes at the psychic claims , but not at the coffee and baked goods .
te	NNS	" There are spirits here , but they 're disconnected from the spirit world .
te	NNS	The three shop keepers stood up .
te	NNS	But societies and groups live long beyond the lifetime of one individual , and develop histories .
te	NNS	" Humans , " Claudine said , and shrugged .
te	NN	Anyone can fake emails . "
te	NN	But the grizzled veteran was in no mood for cheering up .
te	NN	Yet ... Maksim 's fate was worse ... tortured slowly to death in the castle -- all for the cards ! "
te	NN	Then the apocalypse truly happens : Ryan helps set the table .
te	NNS	Her brows crinkled in confusion .
te	NN	Resting on my hand was the Queen 's locket - her locket - the chain dangling between my fingers .
te	NNS	There was lots of noise ; someone cried , fires crackled and the shattered starboard engine whirred to a halt .
te	NNS	" The wraiths couldn 't keep me away .
te	NNS	There were nice accessible veins there .
te	NN	A large , rolling green lawn and imitation gas lamps lining the driveway gave the home a storybook quality .
te	NNS	Extant copies of this text exist in both Hebrew and Latin today but only as historical curiosities .
te	NN	Her aunt , for instance , spent her days like a true old English lady , and did as little as she could possibly manage .
te	NNS	The corners of his mouth were tight .
te	NN	Anxiety flicked through me , and I didn 't know how to answer .
te	NNS	" There are students with all kinds of appearances . "
te	NNS	And about three tons of methane seed for terraforming .
te	NNS	Ares rested his hand on my shoulder , startling me .
te	NN	A breeze whipped past them , making the branches of the trees moan and creak , setting her veil and skirts billowing to one side .
te	NN	A Russian soldier suddenly jumps out of a chopper , landing hard on the roof .
te	NNS	The explosives were going off from the bottom to the top of the bridge .
te	NNS	Bits and pieces were still falling .
te	NN	Her rejection had been too practical , too quick , to give him much encouragement to renew his addresses , under any future circumstances .
te	NN	The super was the first one to speak .
te	NN	There was another breather .
te	NN	A murmur of disbelief ran through the crowd .
te	NNS	My limbs began to feel lame .
te	NN	A severe trembling began to take hold of Winston .
te	NN	" Nein , Herr Major , " reported the senior member of the party .
te	NN	Still , my pride wouldn 't allow me to surrender so easily .
te	NNS	Angus finally found me and dragged me home with him .
te	NNS	Her brows furrowed for a minute .
te	NN	" The truce ended the moment you accused my dad of murder . "
te	NNS	Most weekday mornings were all about cereal and yogurt .
te	NNS	Fortunately , no opportunities had presented themselves .
te	NNS	The two horrors from the car park were following .
te	NNS	Doctors don 't have rough hands like this one .
te	NN	The crew were struggling to breath and becoming very weak due to oxygen deprivation .
te	NNS	Students piled out of the room .
te	NNS	Zeus is the child of Cronus and Rhea , and the youngest of his siblings .
te	NNS	Tallis didn 't give in to his tactics though .
te	NN	I wish there was more I could tell you , but you must understand , the jungle , it is a hard place .
te	NN	The entry deadline is May fifteenth .
te	NN	" When did the affair start ? "
te	NN	Her imagination was getting the better of her .
te	NNS	By morning , those results should be back . "
te	NN	A female technician came in .
te	NNS	Sometimes there were even parties .
te	NN	The farmer is so pleased when you bring his daughter home that he sheds a tear and pays you 1 copper coin .
te	NN	Seth 's confidence dwindled .
te	NN	For six years the only real communication between them had been on a mattress .
te	NN	Someday a consort would reside in those rooms whenever she came to visit .
te	NN	" Fish certainly do have feelings .
te	NNS	Tess was Nash 's half sister , a product of his father and Tess 's mother 's affair .
te	NNS	More moans sounded when Xander 's large hands began to tenderly cascade downward .
te	NN	Your implant interacts slightly different because of the female chromosome . "
te	NNS	Lucien 's brows went up .
te	NN	A loud crack rang out as her palm connected solidly with his face .
te	NN	The sarcasm is hard to miss .
te	NNS	His canines were burning in his mouth .
te	NNS	Nevertheless , crystal bowls of ice cream arrived .
te	NNS	And in her experience , groups of friends like that just didn 't open up to include underage , undersized geeks like her .
te	NN	The interior of the garage was a study of dissimilar themes .
te	NNS	Cheerful fires lit the night .
te	NN	The lobby had a different feel to it .
te	NNS	Late thirties , maybe forty , white , medium height and weight , clean and trim , no facial hair .
te	NNS	As far as the eye could see , there existed nothing but crumbled buildings and piles of debris .
te	NNS	There were dark smudges under her eyes , and her collarbones were protruding slightly from beneath her shirt .
te	NNS	Her nails dug into his flesh and her gaze locked with his .
te	NNS	Perhaps you gentlemen should leave me here with her for a little while .
te	NNS	Zero 's circuits warmed as he happily agreed .
te	NN	The pickup halted , the driver 's and passenger 's doors opened , and two men got out of the cab .
te	NNS	Mom brows shoot up .
te	NNS	The only occupants at the moment were ten children .
te	NN	The vehicle is closed , totally automated .
te	NN	The law says that you cannot punish the guilty one because you would then have to punish the innocent one . "
te	NNS	Yes , indeed , the vultures were out in full force .
te	NNS	There were not a few overgrown lots going to seed .
te	NN	He gazed down at his hands , rubbed the pad of his thumb over his palm .
te	NN	The Fair Folk are an old people , a good people .
te	NNS	The corners of his mouth curved into an amused smile .
te	NN	" Besides , dancing with you would undermine all of the work I just did . "
te	NN	His usual target was the west .
te	NNS	Markman stepped anxiously along the flowered path , his Tao Chang martial arts senses coming to full awareness .
te	NNS	Rocks piled under the corners and at strategic locations in between held the cabin off the ground and helped to keep vermin at bay .
te	NN	A reminder of Faith was the last thing he needed .
te	NN	A chill swept through her .
te	NN	Silence fell over their little group , and Claire marched toward the suite 's door .
te	NN	Nobody thought he would ever settle down . "
te	NNS	Shadows and edges blended .
te	NN	There was a morning cluster and an evening cluster .
te	NN	Nobody spoke , including Celeste .
te	NNS	Two nights this week , Henry showed up at my house past midnight and crawled into my bed .
te	NNS	Feelings that were growing beyond anything he 'd anticipated or knew how to deal with .
te	NN	Their target , however , was no longer there .
te	NN	A moan escaped Aaron as he slowly leaned backward , his black eyes looking over his uncle .
te	NN	While Paris loved the thought of being with only one woman , his companion did not .
te	NN	My alarm over that suggestion must have shown on my face for she continued " Well , it 's none of my business of course .
te	NNS	" The witches are coming . "
te	NNS	There were no extradition agreements between South Africa and America .
te	NN	" Where 's the switch ? "
te	NNS	A few freckles peaked out from under the dirt .
te	NNS	The deer ignored the peace offering and instead butted into my stomach again .
te	NN	My dick throbbed , and I released myself inside of her , a deep groan escaping my lips .
te	NN	There was a disturbance by the trapdoor , and it creaked open reluctantly .
te	NNS	Footsteps retreated , again unhurried and calm .
te	NNS	Several golden curls tumbled onto his forehead .
te	NNS	If we fall back , the forward guns could fire on you and the helm . "
te	NN	The servant leapt to his feet , flushing guiltily , but Remington waved him back down .
te	NN	Before I could get to anyone else , the bell rang again .
te	NN	A tendril of whiteness reached out past the swirling , blurry colors invading their space , and touched Maya 's forehead .
te	NN	The sofa is all mine .
te	NNS	The tires were lying flat on the ground , and there wasn 't so much as a tree between her and the back door .
te	NNS	Jess held out his hand to Saber , grinning in conspiracy .
te	NNS	His white curls fell to his waist , framing a body that was the most seriously muscled of any of the guards .
te	NNS	After all , the princess had engaged both of us on the case .
te	NN	There was no barrier , because each slot had its own parking meter .
te	NN	The sled rocks again , and I hear the stomp of boots as the thieves begin pulling our trunks from the back .
te	NNS	Bright flashes of sunlight appeared in the darkness , caressing her eyelids .
te	NN	" Not a mark on you , buddy .
te	NNS	The rides were shutting down , great mechanical dragons folding their wings , coiling up their segmented tails .
te	NNS	The tips of his fingers bumped something solid .
te	NN	" The Shade 's law dictates that any involvement in such a rebellion is to be met with a punishment of fifty lashes . "
te	NNS	Even the shallows were not immune to the cold temperatures of the waters further out .
te	NN	The sole exit was through the door in which she had entered .
te	NN	Hopefully the surreptitious photo I 'd taken would make her hurry up .
te	NNS	The tips of his fingers brushed against my shoulders , then down my arms .
te	NN	Nobody worries about a leaky pot when his house is under siege . "
te	NNS	Just as some Humans are bad .
te	NNS	The alarms sounded and guards were running about emptying the museum of visitors .
te	NNS	The skies growled above them , darkening with a fresh billow of gray clouds .
te	NN	The growing population only rises when I arrive at the campus and almost every parking spot is taken .
te	NNS	Feels like it went off right next to my head .
te	NNS	There were buildings in the vicinity just as tall and then some , but she doubted anyone within would truly get a view of the displayed bathroom .
te	NN	No decoration or ornamentation or even any color anywhere .
te	NNS	Thirty helicopters , a thousand uniformed men , one hundred public officials , and an outreach of citizens so overwhelming they had to start turning people away .
te	NN	The gloating confidence of it made her stomach heave .
te	NNS	The golden brows lifted as his fingers daringly stroked the modest neckline of her gown .
te	NNS	The paths you 'll follow will be steep and narrow , but if sheep can make it to the top , so can your men . '
te	NN	The fish sizzled as the smell wafted over the camp .
te	NN	Nobody gasped in horror or dismay .
te	NN	A heavy frown stole across Jon 's face .
te	NN	The effect of the smoke was much reduced after she took the turn .
te	NN	The container strapped so carefully to the interior of the boat was most probably gasoline for the engine .
te	NNS	Settled with his back to the duo , the kid rocks left to right rhythmically as he plays the ocarina .
te	NN	And then there 's his cock , which is as long and hard as the rest of him .
te	NN	The new law will require electricity and gas companies to take up the slack , and provide discount fuel to anyone over the age of 60 .
te	NN	The torch slipped from between his foot and his knee .
te	NNS	Three blocks down Thirteenth Street , two pale forms were running on all fours in their direction .
te	NNS	The middle hatches opened and the lights stayed green this time .
te	NNS	Butterflies flutter in my stomach as I hold his gaze .
te	NN	the panicked waiter yelled at her .
te	NN	An airplane roared overhead and Dee flinched .
te	NN	The unknown source of the noise was moving quickly and getting closer to their location .
te	NNS	" However your tabs expired as of yesterday as did your driver 's license . "
te	NN	The nurse wasted no time .
te	NN	Apparently this project has a tight timeline . "
te	NNS	Goose bumps trembled across my skin , and bile rose .
te	NNS	The chopper 's engines whined into a banshee 's cry as it climbed again and spun after them .
te	NNS	If one team is compromised , the other teams will still be able to achieve their objectives . "
te	NN	And then there was that scare , when they thought they 'd lose Callie , another friend , to liver disease .
te	NNS	Both vehicles stopped , and four soldiers hopped out of the jeep and surrounded the car .
te	NN	Anxiety and trust wove a knot of conflict inside her .
te	NNS	As one , the knights drew their swords and marched forward in unison , filling the corridor with the ring of their boots .
te	NNS	Pound the Intruder Pug and I are half way through planning our trip , sprawled on the floor over high-res satellite maps of the Arabian Peninsular .
te	NN	" I might 've been , " winked Theo , " Did it work ? "
te	NN	Susan 's high pitched humming echoed in her ears .
te	NNS	The powers of demons tend to be more ... obvious . "
te	NNS	The rocks would bounce around inside , but Susi 's position kept her safe from being hit .
te	NNS	His brows drew together .
te	NN	" In my chambers , " the judge said harshly .
te	NN	His heart monitor started to blare , a piercing alarm that shattered the night and brought hospital staff running .
te	NNS	In a flash Jace 's swords were up , both tips hovering just over Sebastian 's heart .
te	NN	Now a hint of anger hummed through his words .
te	NNS	His black , leather gloves clinched tightly to the steering wheel as I began to take control .
te	NN	" The North Wind is an evil spirit .
te	NNS	Across the room , another door clicks shut .
te	NNS	All that matters is that both he and his lap dog are away from the Manor .
te	NN	Her frown deepened while she gazed at the last entry in the diary .
te	NN	Far across the desert , the oil burner suddenly began to roar .
te	NN	There 's nobody to shoot or to talk out of suicide .
te	NN	My crew was no longer mine .
te	NN	There was a large enough crack between the stall doors , though , usually the bane of every public washroom .
te	NN	A hard thump shook me and everything went black .
te	NN	Once again , a twist of guilt and anger coiled in my stomach .
te	NNS	The visions never stopped though .
te	NN	Likewise surprised by his negative response , the librarian set out to retrieve copies of the newspapers available for the dates requested .
te	NNS	Two cigarettes glowed and faded inside a black car , parked so it blocked the narrow sidewalk across from the hotel 's revolving doors .
te	NNS	" But the old families did not agree with this verdict .
te	NNS	Maria 's senses heightened with Connor 's comment .
te	NN	The teenager could see the dog was healing .
te	NNS	Then my limbs broke .
te	NN	The corridor wavered and vanished .
te	NNS	Besides , " she smiled , " the animals would never hurt him .
te	NN	" When do the ' Hog ' drivers take a turn ? "
te	NN	" Here are your parents , baby boy , " the nurse announces .
te	NNS	The priests stared at her .
te	NNS	Vimes " s eyes narrowed .
te	NN	The Colony Diner was just off school grounds .
te	NNS	Some bullets went all the way through so we could see daylight .
te	NN	Our fleet is attacking !
te	NN	The cemetery where the security guards had worn uniforms .
te	NNS	Clint 's hands hung at his sides , both barrels holstered .
te	NN	Inside the wire cage is a lever that will trip security alarms all across the city , summon regulators and police to the border .
te	NNS	Genetically modified foods may enable us to feed the increasing world populations .
te	NN	A breeze snapped through the room , blowing papers everywhere .
te	NNS	The guns , he urgently thought .
te	NN	For years , his code of conduct with respect to women was never to get too involved .
te	NN	His gentle gait is almost noiseless as he crosses the room toward me .
te	NN	The slab my parents had been on is now empty .
te	NN	If you look confident , like you 're meant to be there , then nobody asks questions . "
te	NNS	Her nails clawed into his shoulders and her breath held .
te	NNS	Years and years of nothing was all there was now .
te	NN	But the real salary was safety for his family .
te	NN	" Take your time and relax , " the attendant said .
te	NN	She looked unusually pale , a worried frown creased her forehead and her eyes bored into his .
te	NN	The cavern was deep too , and warm .
te	NNS	There were several references to Barrett .
te	NNS	Pretty blue beams lit up the night .
te	NN	The impact tears the wound in my side ; warm blood trickles down my hip .
te	NNS	Her limbs wouldn 't work .
te	NN	The mystery and magic of Edward , and the strangeness of it , left me lost , out of sight of dry land .
te	NNS	Aquarius stood by quietly as the third man kept the machine gun trained on him .
te	NNS	There 's also shorts in the cab that I keep there just in case . "
te	NNS	Vimes started to run once more and , as the coach drew level , jumped on to the door " s step and hung on .
te	NN	An opaque curtain of denial fogged Jacob 's mind .
te	NNS	" there are some weird visions . "
te	NN	There 's a holster on each of his sides , both carrying guns .
te	NN	If anyone had been watching they would have thought the shuttle was lifting off .
te	NNS	His senses tingled though .
te	NNS	Footsteps approached before he could answer .
te	NN	After all , the fate of their world was in his hands .
te	NN	There 's your landlady , of course .
te	NNS	The bones in my fingers screamed for relief .
te	NN	The deep timber of his voice made tiny shivers race over my nerve endings .
te	NNS	Chicago crime stats are way higher than Toronto 's even on its best day .
te	NNS	Then the coolness dissipated , like dew on the morning ground , and the edge of Thomas 's mouth lifted .
te	NN	The bell rang shortly after and she couldn 't get her kids to lunch fast enough .
te	NN	Isaac 's babysitter said she showed up early this afternoon and crashed . "
te	NNS	Sensing Teresa 's nerves smoothed the jagged surfaces of the simmering anger and raw need clawing at Rico 's insides .
te	NNS	Jess noticed Abby at the same time and waved .
te	NNS	Was this nothingness death ?
te	NNS	" There are two yellow dots in the upper right-hand corner -- made with a felt marker .
te	NN	The patrol was walking in their direction .
te	NNS	Clary 's nerves were singing with a sudden tension that she didn 't think was from the caffeine .
te	NNS	The brakes squealed , rocks and icy chunks spitting from behind the tires .
te	NNS	Lucius should have told me .
te	NNS	Demons often spoke in vague terms or riddles , and seldom answered any question with a direct response .
te	NNS	The two scrapper occupants jumped out and ran away .
te	NNS	There were grunts of agreement from the others .
te	NNS	No sooner had Jacob gotten the words out , then the heavens opened and the rain began coming down in buckets .
te	NN	Beyond it , the ocean sparkled in the sun and gentle waves lapped against the shore .
te	NN	" Severe blunt trauma , several particularly nasty abrasions , two severely bruised ribs , sprained wrist ... that about covers it .
te	NNS	Rocks scattered along the path with his approach .
te	NNS	There were rumors that she was an insomniac who spent the nights working , planning new projects for the Stewart empire .
te	NNS	Two sea gulls stirred near a sewer pipe that fed into the bay .
te	NN	He tells me if he 's not engaged in three weeks , his inheritance goes out the window . "
te	NN	" Not Nurse Watkins . "
te	NNS	" There are sodas and bottled water in the fridge , and we can get lunch for you if you want . "
te	NN	As usual , my timing sucked .
te	NNS	Her pink nails were impatiently drumming on the table .
te	NN	If that information got out , the Pack would never accept me .
te	NN	There was a muffled clanking and rustling and the occasional croak .
te	NNS	Cyrus spoke and I nodded , keeping my eyes closed .
te	NNS	The spell caster demons closed their eyes , and before I could do anything a thick wave of blackness engulfed me .
te	NNS	" Many young Marat males would disagree with you quite loudly .
te	NNS	Board shorts seem inappropriate . "
te	NN	A strange disappointment filled her .
te	NN	Then the hill moved .
te	NNS	[ message ends ] CHAPTER 28 The distance is deceptive .
te	NN	As he fled upward , the slime at his feet and the wet clay walls gave way to hard concrete .
te	NNS	The blankets aren 't exceptionally soft , but they aren 't coarse either .
te	NNS	Because of the risk involved not all families wanted the honour of keeping a book for the night .
te	NNS	Rocks and dust fall with every step they take .
te	NN	There was a sharp snap , and the camera became level and still , as if it had been fastened to a tripod .
te	NN	With exactly a week left before Christmas , the entire population of Grand Forks had apparently decided to cram itself inside .
te	NNS	Zeus knew never to bring up our mother .
te	NNS	The speakers in the room crackle and she can feel the deck plating under her feet shift .
te	NN	The passageway widened enough to allow Jacques to resume his true form .
te	NNS	His nipples were even softer .
te	NNS	The cub rights herself and starts to chase that wave down , when something shiny captures her attention .
te	NN	Silence greeted this response .
te	NN	Primary jungle was dark and forbidding , but actually easy to move through .
te	NNS	There were three bedrooms at the back of the house and a huge living room .
te	NNS	There were new menus and he took his time looking over the list of new items .
te	NN	Finally , the curtain falls , and I am overcome with emotion .
te	NN	A black column , like the negative of lightning , flashed up from the ground and disappeared into the clouds .
te	NN	Your crew are badly outnumbered .
te	NNS	By then , the ants had found his buddy .
te	NNS	Voices floated through the hollow steel panels .
te	NNS	Colorful charts and pictures decorated most of the walls , except for the one where the blackboard hung .
te	NN	The cloth wrapped around his arm fell away to reveal dried and crumbling flesh .
te	NNS	No fires burned during the day .
te	NNS	There was lots of stuff left over from the party and she could live off that for at least a day , maybe two .
te	NNS	I ... My powers are slipping .
te	NN	In the end I had to go to school and everyone started calling me a whore .
te	NN	The white and yellow brick was occasionally visible where the ivy had for some reason turned and pursued another course .
te	NN	" Come on , somebody here had to have ... " Howard snapped .
te	NN	A lump formed in my throat .
te	NN	The scout answered , matter-of-fact , " His leg is broken .
te	NN	Our clan paid the price .
te	NNS	Our fortunes have changed . "
te	NNS	Alarm bells went off in his head .
te	NNS	Other students , leaving classes as they heard the news , were just entering the union when they witnessed the cheering .
te	NNS	The princess stared at her in horror .
te	NNS	The two other vehicles sat silent , waiting for them .
te	NNS	The tips of my claws itched the inside of my skin , wanting to come out .
te	NN	" Some spy show my parents liked ... " " Oh , come on , " Nora said impatiently .
te	NNS	Aquarius shouted with false bravado .
te	NNS	Leaving only their lighting , life-support systems and com online .
te	NNS	Only the last traces of twilight remained in the sky above .
te	NN	Henry raised an eyebrow and said , " I don 't know Duke , your " amount to nothings " are adding up . "
te	NN	The rainy season was definitely upon them , and chances are it would be there to stay .
te	NNS	Her short nails bit into his skin as if testing the texture of the muscle beneath .
te	NNS	Then the wings opened slightly .
te	NNS	Vampires had joined the electronic age .
te	NNS	Delays , she thought , there are always delays when you have business with life and death .
te	NNS	Tess simply couldn 't give him what he needed .
te	NN	The nub hardened beneath her finger , and Josh sipped a little breath of surprise .
te	NN	The dull gold medallion was the size of a quarter and held a red stone in the center .
te	NNS	Cyclops were behind Cronus and an entire century of them were standing behind Varro 's people .
te	NNS	" All these bags are dinner ? "
te	NN	All undress socially , sprawling mind , body and garment alike on the long , low and sleek sofas .
te	NN	To his wonder , though befitting to the sudden drop in temperature , a mist began to roll in over the ground .
te	NN	" The cleaning lady ? "
te	NNS	Out wandering the hills and watching the clouds go by .
te	NNS	The nights before had been rough , today even worse .
te	NNS	Vampires may not die in sunlight , but new vampires are exhausted by it for the first few months .
te	NN	His desperation made me giggle a bit , as if I 'd ever tell him no .
te	NNS	My limbs however were another story .
te	NNS	Feelings , however , pulsed through her , their message clear .
te	NN	The Jackal dealer tried to catch it , but it was going faster than he anticipated and it bounced out of the net of his racquet .
te	NNS	" The Dark Sisters never mentioned what use they intended to make of your abilities , did they ? "
te	NN	Instead the station AI coordinates our arrival in mechanized silence .
te	NN	The urge to kiss her slammed into me so hard my arms jerked her closer .
te	NN	The crack and snap of a game of pool reverberated from the back corner .
te	NNS	Tess found the effect to be in marginal taste but utterly charming .
te	NN	His imagination was just in overdrive .
te	NN	The lump on her head hadn 't receded , and her skin was raw in several places .
te	NNS	Seems tens of authors must have some idea how this worked .
te	NNS	After several moments , the rays of energy dissipated , leaving behind a dense , metallic cloud .
te	NN	The bus stopped again and again and each time the scenery became more impressive .
te	NN	About what the ... beast inside wants . "
te	NN	Quinn had not always been a passive , health focused person .
te	NNS	A simple bed sat in the corner , the blankets pulled tight , looking as if it hadn 't been used in decades .
te	NN	There was no remorse in his voice .
te	NN	A yelp greeted them .
te	NN	The crew on the shore greeted them courteously and helped them load their captured cargo into the hold .
te	NNS	The two families shared everything , including celebrating holidays together , although Jack was never really around .
te	NN	The sunlight played on his face , sneaking in past a tree on the corner .
te	NNS	Iris looked too delectable not to touch .
te	NN	Wind whipped through her hair and cooled her temperature sensors .
te	NN	Another quarter mile and she could rest on the seawall .
te	NNS	The ends attached with a click and the wolves sprang forward .
te	NN	A small , tight frown pulled her features .
te	NN	The waiter hands him the menu .
te	NN	The natural affection between Keith and his children made Isaac wonder if he 'd jumped to the wrong conclusion a few minutes earlier .
te	NN	A frown crossed his face .
te	NN	The winged beast landed , kicking up straw .
te	NNS	What sort of situation would strangers find it necessary to do this ? "
te	NN	For some reason a rhyme she had learned as a child was repeating itself in her head .
te	NN	" Give me some room , " yelled another soldier , trying to steady himself to take aim with his musket .
te	NN	" When does your shift end ? "
te	NN	Furthermore , you arrogant hypocrite , your forgiveness is the last thing I care about . "
te	NN	Sex connects you to someone .
te	NNS	Years of doubt evaporated .
te	NNS	Mine workers who engaged in very dangerous activities chose Saint Barbara as their patron saint because of the dangers she endured during her life time .
te	NN	The dose ... call it what it is ... the blood .
te	NN	Her growing admiration for Brady stopped her asking questions .
te	NN	The thin knit of his boxers offered no protection from the scalding heat of her touch and his erection jerked in response .
te	NNS	But fortunes allowed some redemption even for this time , as I made weak attempt at job after job .
te	NNS	In general , musicians respect their status ( i.e. , easily replaceable ) , but the singers , not so much .
te	NNS	" Crows , " he growled .
te	NN	The jealousy ate at you .
te	NN	His loosened sleeve had slipped , revealing scars along the inside of his forearm .
te	NNS	Rocks filled her stomach , their edges sharp .
te	NN	Her childhood hadn 't been unhappy , just different , and she had made her own choices in life .
te	NNS	As far as his senses were concerned , her every breath and word and look were genuine .
te	NNS	My fingertips slipped and dropped the strand before it was secure , hands shaking until I pressed them to my skirts .
te	NNS	The playful monkeys across her nightwear stole something of Nicole 's intimidation .
te	NN	When happy , there was an exuberance that could sometimes be frightening .
te	NN	His crew was tough .
te	NN	Rage filled my throat .
te	NN	A lightning bolt crosses the sky and it 's only a few seconds till the boom of thunder .
te	NN	But nobody 's unlocking that door now , Jack .
te	NNS	The fields on either side were silvery in the waning moonlight , catching only the best , the brightest strands .
te	NN	The clan is lucky to have him . "
te	NNS	There are a thousand worlds , half a trillion citizens out there .
te	NN	There was nobody here .
te	NN	A pinpoint dim flicker in the hazy gloom would be more accurate .
te	NN	From this perspective , even in the dark , the platform seemed a mile high .
te	NN	" The property where Oliver and Eve were found , " I said , circling it on the whiteboard .
te	NNS	Humans don 't do that sort of thing .
te	NN	The wind 's howling was now a soft purr , and he felt warmth returning to the air .
te	NNS	Lucius leaned against the mop like a cane .
te	NNS	The branches of the eucalyptus tree sway and swish before me .
te	NN	This nuance of custom worked to impress by being artful in conversation and human intercourse .
te	NNS	His finances weren 't in great shape , and the opportunity had seemed like a godsend .
te	NN	Across the void the beamed signal speared its way to the Directorate monitor at Pluto and from there to Uranus .
te	NNS	The altar candles had accompanied the congregation through the joyful and sad moments in the liturgical year .
te	NNS	Banks turned and walked into the curved " D " at the top of the goalie box .
te	NN	Panic rose within me but was cut off when his hand closed around my wrist and he suddenly pulled me through the darkness .
te	NNS	There were no drivers in the truck and it was running out of control towards us .
te	NN	The airplane is a Challenger 604 , one of the finer private jets available for charter .
te	NNS	Their strides going down the mountain were at least four to five feet long .
te	NN	The confrontation was inevitable now .
te	NN	A wavering moan had torn his attention away from her .
te	NNS	His dark brows lifted derisively over gray eyes as he scowled at his son .
te	NN	Inside , however , there was a marvelous palace with walls covered in art and remarkably decorated rooms .
te	NNS	New vehicles are about as terrible an investment as a person can make .
te	NN	The chimney extended down to other levels , but layers of iron bars had been inserted below this point to forbid access .
te	NN	Behind her , the ocean was the pale blue of an aquamarine .
te	NNS	" How did these caves get here ? "
te	NNS	The creases around the small opening relaxed , contracted , relaxed , contracted .
te	NNS	Broken tree limbs overhead provided a perfect path for the sun , allowing hot rays to lick over her , spotlighting her .
te	NN	For reasons she couldn 't explain , a lump had formed in her throat .
te	NNS	Yes , the brilliant surgeons had saved the arm but the legacy of the battle with tetanus was a cruelly disfigured right hand .
te	NNS	His terrors of the night were past .
te	NNS	His fingertips grazed my cheek , and I resisted the urge to rub my skin against his and purr .
te	NNS	His beautiful dark brows furrowed , and he scratched his black stubble .
te	NN	Anyone who saw the activity could be suspicious .
te	NNS	The rays of the sun slipped through the shady branches of the tree above him , down to the verge of his lustrous eyes .
te	NNS	" Those rumors aren 't new .
te	NN	" What 's the meaning of this ? "
te	NNS	The thick branches of the various plants and trees form thick symbiotic knots around one another .
te	NNS	The vultures , including us , are moving in for the kill .
te	NNS	Your sisters I have snatched are joining my army .
te	NNS	The covers were tearing beneath his claws .
te	NN	That simple brushing of their hands had been an experiment to see how she 'd respond to physical contact .
te	NN	The delicious shrimp appetizer she 'd consumed turned to molten lead in her stomach .
te	NNS	His wishes were few .
te	NNS	The remains of Anika Handel were in his hands .
te	NNS	Free weekends were almost unheard of as a music student .
te	NNS	His brother 's brows lowered in a clear warning .
te	NN	That confidence is so alluring .
te	NN	Panic gave her strength and she scrambled away from the monster .
te	NN	" Fish have no fingers .
te	NN	" The driveway 's on a downhill slope and so is the road .
te	NNS	The halls were deathly silent and empty .
te	NN	The clock on Matt 's bedside table told me it was just before seven in the morning .
te	NNS	" Dad , " he finally ventured , " where are the old photo albums ? "
te	NNS	And there are ... the many dragons ... defeated .
te	NN	He looked like a black wraith , his cloak flapping as they went on and his face in shadow , his profile turned away and down .
te	NNS	Soon Hannah was jockeying for a parking spot amidst all the vehicles that clogged the drive .
te	NN	When she walked out of the vault , the banker said cheerfully , " That it for today ? "
te	NN	Nobody was interested in doing the hard work over a long period of time .
te	NN	" Oh - thank you , " said Pandora shyly , and Alice smiled at her .
te	NN	The killer leaned back in his chair , rubbed his eyes and got up .
te	NN	As our table came into view , my stride slowed .
te	NN	" My aunt and Mr. Lee have a lot of the same friends .
te	NNS	Stone benches and statues lined a gravel path that seemed to lead towards a hedged maze .
te	NNS	" Her alibi would have been the book signing .
te	NN	Liam was shut out and forbidden from these secret meetings , his clearance didn 't go beyond where he was standing .
te	NN	The IV needle tugged at his hand .
te	NN	Sebastian 's silver dagger , smeared with more blood , lay a few feet away .
te	NN	" Great pork chops .
te	NNS	The elements were removing themselves at her command and the pain was lessened with the herbs .
te	NNS	Wallis swore softly ; " they 're real mongrels aroun ' ' ere .
te	NN	The pretty maiden blushed so that her eyes filled with tears .
te	NN	The bacteria could be carried by healthy people , said the article , living in their skin or in their noses .
te	NNS	" No stones , " she assured him .
te	NN	A weak lethargy fell over her like a warm blanket .
te	NN	The location filled Colin with dread .
te	NNS	His ties to the past , to the old ways , are strong .
te	NNS	No bills , but easily four hundred dollars in quarters , dimes , nickels , and pennies .
te	NN	Unable to give chase because of his artificial leg , the prisoner could only yell to the house for assistance .
te	NNS	" No tools , " she muttered .
te	NN	The waiter came out of the back , carrying our drinks , and froze in the middle of the floor .
te	NN	A chill tingled his cheeks as a wind blew across him , whipping at his cloak .
te	NN	Apparently despite his intention to protect them from whatever dangers the vampires might have planned , the earl was in no mood to talk .
te	NNS	Tallis let a small smile free .
te	NNS	The trainers departed and I approached the King .
te	NNS	From across the room , Simon brows knitted in a frown as he saw Cantwell kneeling in front of Miriam 's seat .
te	NNS	She ran a hand over her dark straight strands , the same length as his , only her ends didn 't have adorable curls .
te	NNS	The two nights of soul-searching worked . "
te	NNS	The two combatants circled each other .
te	NNS	But , then again , swords needed no spells to draw me to them .
te	NN	My insurance card ... " " I 'll get it , Mom .
te	NN	My aunt has her own weird way of looking at things , and sometimes she freaks people out .
te	NN	The little lion toy smiled and shook its outstretched hand , as if its stubby fingers were impatient .
te	NNS	The corners of Sawyer 's eyes crinkled .
te	NNS	Beautifully patterned rugs covered the floors and heavy curtains draped from ceiling to floor over windows that held no glass .
te	NNS	Zeus reached down , took her hand and gently lifted her to her feet .
te	NN	A loud bang resounded on the recording followed by heavy clatter .
te	NN	The classroom is empty .
te	NNS	Years of practice avoiding Simon lets me move past him quickly and reach my work table .
te	NNS	Zeus inhaled sharply and walked to the window .
te	NN	But the package had come with no note , no further explanation .
te	NN	The familiar shift in time was a comfort .
te	NNS	Jess had never done anything this wild in her life .
te	NN	His knuckles ached even thinking again of the Knight he was , of the ghosts he had been rooting out for years .
te	NNS	The demon grunts and the hairs loosen .
te	NNS	Demons are just angels who make poor life decisions ? "
te	NN	The platoon headed off , at speed .
te	NN	The drama was even attracting the interest of the skulking EOD agent .
te	NN	The drawer was empty !
te	NNS	" Our enemies have refused to lay down their arms . "
te	NNS	' Their borders are closed ! '
te	NNS	As we sat there , and as I considered what to say to him , if anything , three entities materialized in the booth behind him .
te	NN	Her hat had fallen off and now the dog was barking and chasing it like it was all a big game .
te	NNS	Sewing machines , knitting machines , designation tools and gadgets .
te	NN	My blood temperature was rising as pleasure pricked at my belly .
te	NN	Across the horizon , the ocean swelled with their blue numbers , claws clacking across the waves .
te	NNS	There were components from every car and motorcycle manufacturer that Ted could think of .
te	NN	His first duty was to protect a woman above his own life at all times .
te	NNS	If they knew the full truth of what I 'm doing , their reactions would be ... less moderate .
te	NNS	Gaius cursed , struggling away from the wall as he glared at Styx .
te	NNS	Iris shrieked as Hagan hurled the fire orb at the armed Cobra .
te	NN	The attendant was looking in our direction again .
te	NNS	Dark clouds gathered overhead , shutting out both moon and stars .
te	NN	The confidence in his voice erased any concerns .
te	NN	New construction remains flat .
te	NN	The dark , smothering despair that I thought I 'd banished crashed down around me , seeping into every part of my being .
te	NN	The crew appeared to be preparing their catapult to launch small barrels .
te	NNS	Thousands of books filled the shelves , some regular-sized , some so enormous that they must weigh thirty pounds each .
te	NNS	Neatly trimmed hedges and tall trees lined several paths , which led up to classic , brick buildings .
te	NN	A dust bomb , I manage to think through the pounding in my head .
te	NN	Not a hum or a murmur broke the silence .
te	NNS	There were dates to consider , auspices important even to us who were divine .
te	NNS	Well , at least the beans are for sure . "
te	NNS	The rotors ceased and Carlos got out as Buck closed Baby Huey down and locked up .
te	NNS	The abrupt return to the physical world left him dizzy , his senses scrambled .
te	NNS	There 's a weights and measures office in the hall outside the vault .
te	NN	Shock radiated over his face for a moment , and then the black lines surged to the forefront again .
te	NNS	Her cattle were also out there somewhere .
te	NN	That ancient artist may have etched this valley in gold for no other reason than that it appealed to him .
te	NNS	" And no , there aren 't any spiders in it . "
te	NN	My belief is that their military , from all around the country , will start walking east .
te	NNS	The locals had finally gotten with the recent demand for good coffee and Amanda had made it a ritual now to support the owner 's efforts .
te	NNS	The beautiful new sensations he arose in her , sensations that might have been frightening if they had been with anyone other than him .
te	NN	" A very tiny amount of energy applied at the critical bias junction produces a tremendous change in output .
te	NN	" Anyone got any matches ? "
te	NNS	There are some group photos but we don 't know which one of the group he is .
te	NN	The mist began to recede .
te	NNS	Inside those compartments were filthy mattresses with thin , ratty blankets .
te	NNS	Then her senses screamed at her .
te	NN	The pregnancy had been a month shorter than the average human pregnancy , but there had been no complications from it .
te	NN	" State your business , " the soldier said .
te	NNS	The possible scenarios played in my head .
te	NN	His imagination was his only reliable source of entertainment .
te	NNS	The judges , they knew that Dan 's case was just .
te	NN	His mystery buyer had been at it for two weeks now , and no one had seemed to notice .
te	NNS	But severed limbs is not so good . "
te	NN	A floorboard in the hall behind them creaked .
te	NN	Her moisture , sweet taste , and scent , advanced his raging hunger .
te	NNS	Their products were standard .
te	NNS	" The results of your truthfulness will decide your fate so I suggest that you answer all my questions honestly .
te	NN	The fragile truce they had maintained for the past few weeks shattered .
te	NN	Her aunt and uncle had always taken care of her , and she loved them dearly .
te	NN	" I don 't know anything about that I 'm afraid , " the scientist replied .
te	NNS	However , there are a few exceptions to the ' at-will ' doctrine .
te	NN	" A little emblem , thing , " Nate said .
te	NNS	Tomas pulled out a piece of gum and started chewing .
te	NNS	The armies of the world were gathering their forces together for one final assault on New Jerusalem .
te	NN	Unfortunately , one side effect of his childhood was that it had apparently driven him mad .
te	NNS	All that matters is we 're here now and I 'm here now .
te	NN	" The passageway is suffocating me . "
te	NNS	The maps were incredibly detailed , showing individual houses and oil rigs .
te	NN	A member of the coven delivered it . "
te	NNS	Friends are more important than trophies .
te	NN	" So Alex 's grandfather stole their love ? "
te	NN	" Your Mommy and Daddy are going to sleep for a really long time . "
te	NN	His patience and tenderness had released her from the shackles of pain and remorse .
te	NN	Then realization floods his face and it 's once again filled with dismay , just like when he saw me watching him and Elena last night .
te	NN	There was a tiny sting , like the prick of a thorn , in the center of Tristan 's chest .
te	NNS	' The energies of this place are willing to help you .
te	NNS	Years of work would culminate tonight .
te	NNS	By that time , the shoots should be coming up , proving our presence had been worthwhile .
te	NNS	" Of course , bedrooms would not only make us naughty , but also very dirty . "
te	NNS	Footsteps slipped across the floor until they stopped inches from her .
te	NN	But again , that year time bomb on their relationship loomed .
te	NN	" I 'm afraid that 's exactly what they intend to do , " the North Dakota governor offered .
te	NNS	He edged over a little closer to her and leaned forward , elbows on his thighs , head hanging down so his hair covered his face .
te	NN	" The battlefield changes , but the war goes on . "
te	NN	The headlight beams bounced as the long sedan rocked and pitched along the trail .
te	NN	Pressure built as the crown pushed inside me , spreading me for the penetration of the hard shaft to follow .
te	NNS	Eighteen decades ago , a spoiled princess bade me enchant him . "
te	NN	A lizard burst out from under leaves and ran .
te	NNS	Only potential heirs have the ability to change their hair color . "
te	NNS	His blond brows knitted .
te	NNS	Certainly conditions had been getting drier recently .
te	NNS	There were several references to the age difference between Robin and Celia .
te	NNS	Thousands of needles shot through the air , speeding forward .
te	NN	My speech had the desired effect and all four boys struggled to sit up a little straighter .
te	NNS	These particular cans of spray paint were quite old , but he had tested them .
te	NN	A large bronze horn lay across his knees .
te	NNS	Prometheus nodded and said , " I see . "
te	NNS	The fibers will relax on their own .
te	NNS	The two knights were still chatting .
te	NNS	The flickering candles cast an orange glow across the room and the shadows were long and deep .
te	NN	The low gravity has resulted in muscle loss and height increases due to the expansion of supportive tissue .
te	NNS	My brows drew together and I gave him a curious look .
te	NN	The thick gold collar around her neck and matching bands on her wrists shone in the starlight , as they did on his own neck and forearms .
te	NNS	The scents of the room were of the parchment , the papyrus , and the burning oil .
te	NN	The decoration reminds me of my old bedroom on Starbuck Plantation as a child .
te	NN	My colleague went out in a powerboat early this morning and located the ship .
te	NNS	Michaels was staring at Grant with raised eyebrows .
te	NNS	Stokes , who was at least four inches taller than my five foot six , said , " Do you know the victim ? "
te	NN	One particular phrase in the letter caught his eye : We should endeavour to reclaim what has been taken from us .
te	NNS	In turn , the natives showed the settlers the art of hunting in these foreign lands .
te	NN	A large black Labrador retriever stood restlessly beside him .
te	NNS	Two more pulses of blood trickled down my throat .
te	NNS	My vocal chords still had not recovered from the hours before .
te	NNS	Two tall , red brick buildings soften in a cloud of fog so thick you can hardly see the landscape beyond them .
te	NN	The mist lay heavy over the meadow , a gray-green vapor that reeked of sulfur .
te	NNS	If we charge full price then with the lower priced materials our profits will triple overnight !
te	NNS	The layered scents were more vivid and intense than any sensory indulgence he had ever encountered .
te	NN	Anyone does , and he will die . "
te	NNS	And the students jamming with their guitars .
te	NNS	The waters of President Channel could still get cold this time of year and test the mettle of even the most ardent kayaker .
te	NNS	Luckily , the rubber soles of his sneakers gave him better traction than the dogs had .
te	NN	The cloth was soft as air but opaque , hiding her completely in its smooth folds .
te	NNS	" What are these machines doing here ? "
te	NN	A beat-up brown leather sofa and old wood furniture lent a comfortable charm to the rustic interior of the house .
te	NN	The jack handle clattered to the pavement .
te	NNS	The garage door panels rose slowly .
te	NN	A member of the King 's Legion , that elite and secretive organization his father had lived -- and unfortunately died -- seeking out .
te	NN	The only guarantee I had that the boss was inside came from the bear Casey had dated , Fin .
te	NN	' Maybe we can go out somewhere together later , ' her mum said brightly .
te	NNS	Thousands of years of tribal legends , myths and traditions hadn 't spoken of anything like this .
te	NN	Somehow , even his gait seems filled with gloom as he exits the restaurant .
te	NNS	After time the heavens overcrowded with gods and goddess , so some left .
te	NN	Her courage in the face of death , impressing even the cold-hearted Achilles , and self-sacrifice that put everyone else above herself were hard to argue against .
te	NN	' A weaker magician would have given in by now .
te	NNS	It didn 't matter if they were two or ten , the results would be the same .
te	NNS	Her brows furrowed in frustration at his calm refusal to obey her commands .
te	NN	A frown clouded his face .
te	NN	The barren desert below them suddenly rose into a collection of mesas and bluffs , giant slabs of rock rising like skyscrapers from the earth .
te	NNS	In the distance are buildings .
te	NN	Before she could wonder about it , really , the defendant came into the room .
te	NNS	Two puncture holes in its heavily muscled stomach bled a white substance .
te	NNS	The drivers opened the back doors of the refrigerated trucks and left .
te	NN	Beside him , his partner 's stance wavers .
te	NN	For every accidental death caused by Rand 's presence in a city , there was always a miraculous survival .
te	NN	Nobody else can know you 're doing this .
te	NN	A photo of Marcus holding his first published book stood on the mantel .
te	NNS	Still ... her gloves dampened under her palms .
te	NNS	" Or do car thieves make minimum wage these days ? "
te	NNS	Iris utters a spell and the wooden chairs along with the tables flew directly over the woman but it had been blocked with an invisible shield .
te	NNS	His limbs felt sore and rubbery , so Pigeon walked over to the cot and sat down .
te	NNS	higher , the opening chords played over and over .
te	NN	His timing was perfect and as the boy drew level and turned for the gate K spoke , " You live here kid , number 18 ? "
te	NN	And for Sonja , my muse , who saves me from myself everyday .
te	NN	Yet another creepy incident to add to her list of unexplainable episodes .
te	NN	The alley was one of those long constructions that wound through the various buildings of the street , and it forked in several places .
te	NN	The framework must be exactly right , or it will not work .
te	NN	Fog shrouded the property , and bolts of light illuminated it in a staccato rhythm .
te	NN	The crow jumped off the ground and flew like a dart .
te	NN	Revenge was what I wanted .
te	NN	The jungle thins ahead , opening to a dark plain where nothing grows , all obsidian and basalt .
te	NNS	But few such envelopes would ever have passed through the regular mail .
te	NNS	Your powers are every bit as great as mine .
te	NN	Halfway down the gangway , Maya stops , turns and looks up .
te	NN	The flask opened and lifted from the table .
te	NN	Anyone seem tense ? "
te	NNS	The two other wizards threw their hands towards the door leading into the living room .
te	NNS	The notices formed a border around a large map of Northern New Jersey , its colors muted by weather and time .
te	NNS	These strange scientists who I wouldn 't even want to call scientists have stolen people 's memories just because they think it 's for the better ?
te	NNS	Emotions are going to be running pretty high as it is . "
te	NNS	Servants began to bring in a feast that was impressive considering the circumstances .
te	NNS	Educated workers would probably be more efficient than untutored ones , wouldn 't you say ? '
te	NNS	On the morning of my wedding , my sisters helped me prepare .
te	NNS	The monkeys in the surrounding trees screamed a warning .
te	NNS	" Yeah , the motion sensors didn 't show anything . "
te	NNS	There were subtle caramel highlights that caught the light when she moved .
te	NNS	Inside , odd-shaped bottles full of black , gold , or red liquid sat cuddled in velvet fabric next to powders and plant parts .
te	NNS	Michaels sped off without so much as a thanks , moving out the front doors .
te	NNS	The five Ghosts in white robes continued to stand pointing toward the moving illusion .
te	NNS	All four guns spoke at once and the kid seemed to do a quick tap dance before the gun fell from his hand without firing .
te	NNS	Each of them seemed to deal with life 's little absurdities in stride , something Zane had never really figured out how to do .
te	NN	The beast within roared and clawed for release .
te	NNS	How many centuries had gone by during the time that she was traveling near to the speed of light ?
te	NNS	Our homes were all low , wooden structures of dull brown and beige .
te	NNS	" Flattery 's lab reports say it kept me alive underwater for twenty years .
te	NN	Despite Verlaine 's worst fears , nobody had died ; they 'd all stabilized back to the same coma state as before .
te	NNS	Some stretches of the corridor still appeared dangerous , but now it seemed survivable .
te	NNS	The sensations were intense , so erotic that she felt another orgasm building with lightning speed .
te	NN	A murmur rose from the other members of the council , but no one objected .
te	NNS	" Sir , look , there are traces of people recently walking through this area .
te	NN	Though it was silent on Sunday mornings , every farmer secretly wanted it roaring at full throttle .
te	NN	A draft rushed down from the ceiling , blowing my hair back from my face .
te	NN	Trouble tends to follow you around . "
te	NN	A light , salty flavor slid over her tongue and Gwen pressed forward eagerly .
te	NNS	There were no ribs or internal organs in sight .
te	NNS	A couple arrows hit soft flesh but not enough to make a difference .
te	NNS	The machines hummed and ejected streams of white gas .
te	NNS	Don 't worry , there are nine bedrooms so we won 't need to sleep together .
te	NNS	The dates and times matched up .
te	NNS	The thick rough paper gives off a moldy smell , the ink forms yellowed halos around the characters .
te	NN	The Internet is abuzz this afternoon with a new twist to add to the story of last night 's taping of GWA Burn .
te	NN	Several minutes later , the soldier in the point position raised his hand in a signal to halt , dropped to his belly , and crawled forward .
te	NN	Whatever the cycle is ; one week , one month , whatever . "
te	NN	The slab lengthened into a sword .
te	NNS	The other students clustered together in circles too tight for a newcomer to enter , their eyes dark and quick as they darted over me .
te	NNS	Friends of Thibault 's as well .
te	NN	His approach was like a wave of electromagnetism , sending every hair on her body standing on end , crackling along her nerves .
te	NN	Has the serpent escaped ? "
te	NNS	Jess gripped his hips , achingly aware that they were both fully clothed except for where they were joined .
te	NN	Silence was the norm , unspoken words passed between all .
te	NNS	My insides are shifting around .
te	NN	A frown darted across her mother 's face .
te	NN	The pirate farmer and his Rosa were content with their new life .
te	NN	Michael 's mum was very beautiful and special .
te	NNS	Goose bumps lifted her flesh .
te	NNS	When they left , the natives could not keep them going , and it is true they then bathed less .
te	NN	" Maximus the Third , " the emperor said .
te	NN	A moan escapes from me and he stops .
te	NN	The slight evening breeze carried the smell of smoke up the river canyon .
te	NN	My attraction to Will ow only proved that .
te	NN	Still , the beast knocks Rift to the ground , snarling and snapping at the boy 's head while he struggles to push it away .
te	NN	Yesterday , my four-year-old niece -- my sister 's daughter -- went missing .
te	NNS	The pains were worse during menstruation .
te	NN	Nobody could sneak up from the back because the cave blocked them .
te	NNS	The nerves must be getting to me .
te	NN	Her aunt must have forgotten something and locked herself out .
te	NN	The wise read my instructions and walk into the domain of Life . "
te	NNS	There 's lots of fairies out tonight .
te	NN	The bony sphere had slid from the wafer-thin mattress to the beaten and rough rayon carpet .
te	NNS	Vampires aged much more slowly than humans .
te	NN	Help me , somebody help me !
te	NNS	Atop saddles made of bark , twigs and flowering vines , elven knights peered down haughtily , elegant in their leafy armor .
te	NNS	Dolores looked around the room at nothing in particular .
te	NN	The sheet dipped slightly .
te	NN	There was a murmur of agreement from some of the people who had gathered to watch us go .
te	NN	The beast blinked twice , then looked at Thor .
te	NN	" Your scout arrived six days ago and word has already been sent to the armies in the south .
te	NNS	No one dared walk the streets that night but the band of the fox .
te	NN	The bathrobe came undone and opened up completely .
te	NNS	" This ... thorn in my side will be no different . "
te	NN	The first bell paused for a second between each ring .
te	NNS	But a swiftness seized him .
te	NN	Everybody is eager to try his hand at the most daring role in the system , the greatest risk and the highest stakes .
te	NNS	The lads are rather nervous . "
te	NNS	He leaned in uncomfortably close to the detainees , his elbows steadying himself on the flat surface .
te	NNS	My limbs go tight around him .
te	NNS	Our buildings are so high now that we need to pump oxygen to uppermost levels so that the occupants can survive .
te	NNS	There , the results began to pop up .
te	NN	Not a single decorative fragment had matching shapes ; some wrapped and some overlapped .
te	NN	The soldier shifted his body weight and bit his bottom lip .
te	NNS	" No , mixed martial arts fighters .
te	NNS	As children , the adults lectured her and her cousins to stay clear of the jetty .
te	NNS	Jess turned her head and watched a portly , distinguished gentleman approach .
te	NNS	Michaels kept saying " I 'm gon na kill that slut ! "
te	NN	Below the hill was a narrow river that winded calmly towards the south .
te	NNS	Several scenarios flashed through my mind , but I didn 't want to share them with him since it would just make things worse .
te	NNS	" The rumors are everywhere , Mom .
te	NNS	And those nightmares , remember ? "
te	NN	the judge asked Hanson as the county attorney sat down .
te	NN	The remark passed right over their heads .
te	NNS	The emergency crews began to shout and back away .
te	NNS	" Oh you two scientists can soak yourselves in the details .
te	NN	The torch dropped to the floor before she took command of her senses .
te	NNS	An attractive succubus appeared in the doorway of the tent .
te	NN	Her disappointment at his lack of trust about Jeff ... then Matt ... and now Todd .
te	NNS	Pale white arrows sliced up in the fading light , but they fell short , arcing back down to the ground again .
te	NN	A satisfactory rate of exchange I feel .
te	NN	There 's a killer loose in our neighborhood and everybody 's been on edge . "
te	NN	Wind rustled the trees .
te	NNS	" How could the witches , magi , and sorcerers in these temples not know they have some cult leeching off their power ? "
te	NNS	Several envious coworkers made faces as if they were sniffing the air as he walked back into the work area .
te	NNS	Humans learned to fear all danger , and eschew all activity that had the slightest spice of hazard about it .
te	NNS	" Humans are unnecessarily violent , " he says , " and vile and treacherous and foolish . "
te	NN	The assailant rolled Adrien onto his back and pressed a dagger to his neck .
te	NN	said The Big Man " It is so exciting here . "
te	NN	What would that motley crew be capable of , without Claude 's control ?
te	NNS	The clouds overhead were starting to get darker and more angry looking by the minute .
te	NNS	The scents of honeysuckle and lilacs drifted through the air .
te	NNS	The coldness of her skin had Kylie letting her go even quicker than she grabbed her .
te	NNS	Zeus had undoubtedly forbidden them all .
te	NNS	" Most security systems have a small battery installed as a backup .
te	NN	Beth 's mum stared absently at the TV screen as she picked up the used cereal bowls from the table .
te	NNS	Lucius , " he called without removing his gaze from me .
te	NNS	The wheels never stood still like the flow of time .
te	NN	There 's a tracking device in the van , so they 'll be able to see where we 're headed . "
te	NNS	His band mates nodded and clutched their weapons .
te	NN	His demeanor shifted from strong and tough , to softer and more sensual .
te	NNS	These nightmares can 't continue . "
te	NN	There was no dancing after we ate .
te	NNS	Massive nails on either end secured each plank .
te	NN	" A collection of incredibly valuable paranormal crystals , " Gwen lied softly .
te	NN	Panic filled his eyes , and then he glanced over his shoulder .
te	NNS	From the arching green branches creepers dangled like pythons .
te	NN	The two-bedroom guesthouse that sat on Blake and Samantha 's Malibu estate had been his refuge for five years .
te	NN	The big cop looked a bit disappointed .
te	NN	His profile was sharp and clear in the faint light of the dash .
te	NNS	Just like Preston does to me .
te	NNS	The car sped past , drenching Abby in mud and water , the wheels were just inches from her head .
te	NN	The bandage wrapped around her ear kind of suits her , too .
te	NNS	Suddenly , some clouds appeared on the sky and hid the light of the sun .
te	NNS	" My records here says that you are two years overdue for your vaccinations .
te	NN	The retired cop scooped her up and put her on his back and scampered across the yard .
te	NNS	Black rugs , she thought , sitting in the middle of the rumpled blue dress , which she 'd used as both blanket and pillow .
te	NNS	The groups were waiting .
te	NN	My vision swam and my face felt hotter than the sun , coated as it was in a thick layer of sweat .
te	NNS	Several phrases had been underlined .
te	NN	There wasn 't much traffic on the road today , which put the odds even more in their favor .
te	NNS	Dark , gnarled wings protruded from his back .
te	NN	A tugging comes from my middle and pulls me deeper into the water without my having to take a step .
te	NNS	And two more palm projects were in development , each bigger than the next ; the largest would be seven times the size of Palm Jumeirah .
te	NNS	And against that side of the tent beyond the table , two short , square chests with latticework doors and brass latches .
te	NN	A nurse stood at his bedside , along with an elderly physician .
te	NNS	Your cattle just might be another matter .
te	NNS	His bliss lasted for three days .
te	NNS	When the door closed behind her , Jordan sat down in his chair , dark brows pulled together in a black frown .
te	NNS	Humans keep their kind alive by symbols and legends , by myths .
te	NN	Concern etched lines on her forehead .
te	NN	The great fish bellowed , making such an awful sound that all the carrion fled away in an instant .
te	NNS	The statues were my property , and I could smash them if I wanted to .
te	NNS	If they were to discover that , matters could certainly turn worse . "
te	NNS	" But maps don 't show villages .
te	NN	Finally , a six-foot bull jumped out into the circle , grabbed the young abby by its neck and pried it off the elk 's back .
te	NNS	Evil spirits cannot enter an inhabited house unless invited ! "
te	NNS	Pris narrowed her eyes at him before turning to look at the road again .
te	NNS	He leans forward , his elbows resting on his thighs , his hands clasped together .
te	NN	Wind sighed through leaves and the curls of Meredith 's hair .
te	NN	There 's the bubble gum sandwiched between trading cards with the photos of millionaires in baseball and football uniforms .
te	NNS	Merciful heavens , surely the witch didn 't have him in her power again !
te	NN	His grandfather could afford them , regardless of the end cost .
te	NN	Automatically the nurse reached up to wipe the moisture from the doctor 's forehead .
te	NNS	There were two desks , two computers and two filing cabinets .
te	NNS	" Humans wear metal on their feet to glide over ice .
te	NN	The entity inside me could go to hell .
te	NNS	His boxer briefs were black and luckily covered him well .
te	NN	She wasn 't rich , didn 't have any jewelry on that he could steal and sell off .
te	NNS	The tires squealed and my head bounced off the driver 's side window .
te	NNS	His biceps strained against the sleeves of his T-shirt .
te	NNS	After that , the sensations crowded in upon him .
te	NNS	The deputies in front of him exited their vehicles and approached the Pastor and his wife with pistols drawn .
te	NN	Raven 's hopeless plea went out again .
te	NN	Our alliance with my brothers , Ewan and Alaric McCabe , as well as your neighboring clans will make us invincible .
te	NN	My imagination can be scarier than the truth . "
te	NNS	Green shoots sprouted out of it .
te	NN	Shock registered in his eyes and he parted his mouth as if about to speak .
te	NN	" The Pork Pit is closed . "
te	NN	His request that she come home was a precautionary career move .
te	NNS	Happy workers don 't revolt .
te	NN	At the bottom of the crate was a collection of shards and fragments .
te	NN	" Ah ha , the right hand man , " I said pointing .
te	NNS	The assassins wish to stamp out our race .
te	NNS	Large bales of hay came into view .
te	NNS	" But there are two conditions . "
te	NN	There were a dozen or more of the large cannons of iron , each fed by a huge supply line of steam power .
te	NN	The two henchmen awaited any further reaction from Hugo .
te	NNS	The ridges in the tin flattened from the impact and he slid down the wall .
te	NN	The zipper won 't go up .
te	NNS	Her senses were alert .
te	NNS	Visions of melting air forced their way to the front of my mind .
te	NN	For some reason , the new security alarm on the gate didn 't work .
te	NNS	Iris had seen him like that before and it had been a long time .
te	NN	The lead Ministry soldier apparently made his decision .
te	NN	There was an old cop , Mack Davis , who I 'd met at my wedding .
te	NN	As my eyes adjust to the darkness , there 's a small amount of sunlight beaming through the square opening overhead , acting like a spotlight .
te	NN	Expensive interior decoration did not make a home .
te	NN	The auction was just going to have to wait .
te	NNS	The beginnings of smile pulled at his lips .
te	NN	" The cop , Harry , mentioned a crime scene . "
te	NN	My patience was wearing thin .
te	NN	" Your Honor - " " You 're forcing us into a trial that 's going to last at least three months - maybe longer . "
te	NNS	His fingertips stroked back her hair .
te	NN	The cologne he wore was a spicy , warm scent .
te	NN	At first , only the hum of the fridge filled the air .
te	NNS	My heart was pounding , my skin tingling , my senses all heightened .
te	NN	Anyone who cares about that is just jealous . "
te	NNS	Emma 's suspicions crashed into my own .
te	NN	Veronika nodded and stepped back , this warm reception was not something she 'd encountered before from anyone , not even Mrs. Kilpatrick .
te	NN	A moment later , a flashlight beam illuminated the narrow , dark staircase for me .
te	NNS	The drivers had been adamant they had the right address .
te	NNS	Fading rays from the sun reflected from slate roof tiles .
te	NN	There was a sudden jerk of movement and for a split second he was thrown off balance .
te	NNS	And even the heavens themselves can 't change that . "
te	NNS	Candles were on the walls , tables , and hanging from the ceiling in chandeliers .
te	NN	Despite her dark appearance , with her piercings and eyeliner , her Christine was innocent and wide-eyed , wandering about the stage with a childlike air .
te	NN	This nightmare was real and had shaken the entire island to its core .
te	NNS	The sharp barbs cut her clothes and skin on her face , arms , hands , knees , and stomach .
te	NNS	There are lots of rules ; many , many more .
te	NN	' That one is nice , ' my companion told me pointedly .
te	NNS	Several gentlemen of the hunt knew her , and exchanged pleasant greetings .
te	NNS	The dueling drivers were only one set of a sky full of screaming drivers and magical duels .
te	NN	There 's another shift and the sound of tugging sheets , as if Reagan can 't get comfortable .
te	NN	" My last appointment is Thursday afternoon at three and my flight isn 't until the next morning . "
te	NN	Butch 's confidence and swagger told her this wouldn 't end well , but she was stubborn enough to have to see for herself .
te	NN	" Lieutenant Jones , " the soldier replied .
te	NN	We fel asleep , woke up in the early dawn spooning , his erection hard against my ass .
te	NN	The strange mist , it was weakening due to the effects of the dangerous wormhole close to our location .
te	NNS	Some students sat on the stairs leading to the second floor .
te	NNS	There are plants , Altair - herbs from distant lands - that can cause a man to take leave of his senses .
te	NN	" His uncle has his work cut out for him , reforming that boy so he can one day inherit .
te	NNS	Sage 's wings folded back into themselves and were gone .
te	NNS	Voices reached him , two or three of them , only yards away , but he couldn 't understand their words .
te	NN	A text chimed in on the iPhone .
te	NN	Special schooling doesn 't come cheap , especially when farms are declining all over the country .
te	NNS	The nearest residential buildings were a block away .
te	NNS	Sure enough , there were two nasty holes in the skin .
te	NN	And the small amount of hurt in her voice stabs my heart .
te	NNS	Thousands of chunks of stone floated , motionless .
te	NN	His bracelet caught the light of the moon and turned from bronze to silver and back again .
te	NN	Nobody paid any attention to me .
te	NNS	CHAPTER NINE Games Students trickle into the cold lecture hall for the Monday mid-morning class as I make my way down to the front .
te	NN	A hell dimension , after all , could consume a considerable amount of territory .
te	NN	Behind him stood a row of about ten people dressed in uniform .
te	NN	" Where 's the exit ? "
te	NN	Our childhood was one bizarre experience after another .
te	NN	The role of the electromagnetic force in the bonding of atoms tells us that our basic existence is centred around sharing .
te	NN	The driveway brought us to a drive-through at the brick building , blocked by a solid metal bar .
te	NN	Anyone else has fallen for it sometime or other . "
te	NNS	Through the window separating them green lawns were visible three floors down .
te	NNS	The veins in his neck were coming to the surface .
te	NN	Maria 's unmedicated self was not particularly likable .
te	NN	The lobster meat was soft , warm and utterly delicious as Breedlove churned it over in her mouth .
te	NNS	The branches his fall had torn clear from it lay around him .
te	NN	The screen door squeaked opened .
te	NN	" Anyone want anything else ?
te	NNS	Native American groups were claiming rights over the bodies , but ownership was in dispute , as the remains appeared more Caucasian in appearance . "
te	NN	" To revenge your Guardian , " the alpha taunted .
te	NN	Unspeakable joy swept over him .
te	NN	What 's the downside of such a growth industry ?
te	NNS	Long strokes designed to drive them both out of their minds .
te	NNS	" How do the workers feel about the merger ? "
te	NNS	Angus commanded with his dark , round , beady eyes reflecting the flames Eve expelled from the trident .
te	NNS	The other states , as far as DeWitt and the federal bureaucracy are concerned , are rebel states .
te	NNS	Tomas sank back on the seat , wonder on his face .
te	NNS	There were three possible outcomes in Flagstaff ; two would be delightful .
te	NNS	Vast boulders skirt the pond , guarding its many secrets .
te	NN	The brunch bell rang and I waited for my friends outside the hall .
te	NNS	The tents were empty .
te	NN	A searing , scorching sensation fills her lungs as she cannot breathe .
te	NN	A solitary crow hovered .
te	NNS	The cheers from the crowd levelled to a hush and were finally drowned by the gentle breeze through the leaves .
te	NNS	" Comedy writers don 't join fraternities . "
te	NN	A banana split the height of an office building threw long shadows as chocolate syrup and caramel seeped down creamy slopes .
te	NN	" The effect takes time . "
te	NNS	" So four independent communication systems became one .
te	NN	" And insurance doesn 't cover it .
te	NN	A bolt of lightning sizzled across the sky in a fiery whip of dancing light .
te	NNS	Timmons nodded at him .
te	NNS	" Humans , " he rasped , a note of irritation in his voice .
te	NNS	The halls were filling up with students .
te	NNS	Dark clouds had completely covered the sun while they were talking .
te	NN	" There 's no mystery . "
te	NN	He shook Luis 's hand , mumbled something incoherent , then stared down at his feet .
te	NNS	Within seconds , students pour out of the classrooms to see what the commotion is .
te	NNS	Nemesis had finally gotten into the battle .
te	NN	Your grandfather was quite the looker in his day too .
te	NNS	" I 'd like pistachio , please , Daddy , " Aisling requests with a small smile .
te	NN	There was a shimmer of white at the edge of my vision , as something glided around a corner and stopped in the shadows , watching .
te	NNS	" Besides , your weirdness is why I like you so much . "
te	NN	A worried frown darkened her face .
te	NN	-- In the fall an evil fever fell over the village .
te	NN	He stood there blinking down at her , rubbing his jaw ruefully , a quizzical look on his face .
te	NNS	And kidnappers with God only knew what agenda .
te	NNS	It seemed no matter how old they grew , his sisters would forever act like teenagers .
te	NN	The butt of Diego 's pistol peeped around his flat stomach , within his easy reach but not Cassidy 's .
te	NN	" What was your inspiration , darling ? "
te	NN	Sean 's rhythm guitar added texture and interest .
te	NN	" Be stil , " the mysterious voice whispered , and Matt closed his mouth obediently .
te	NNS	Her brows are tight and she bites her lip . '
te	NN	" About two dozen of these girls in here are either friends or friends of friends .
te	NN	The magician has to concentrate very hard to keep his demon from turning on him .
te	NNS	The lads hunkered down at the check point thus successfully escaping detection .
te	NN	Nobody 's walking away from this on an insanity plea .
te	NNS	Many families of the Rus are taking up the challenge and sending ships to help colonize , and , of course , develop trade .
te	NN	A chill went through her .
te	NN	The carefully tended lawn , once so vibrant and green , is totally obscured .
te	NN	" The Old Man said you could stay ? "
te	NNS	From automated snow globes to nodding reindeer , the neighborhoods were alive with illuminated splendor .
te	NNS	Justus was an unusual man .
te	NNS	Both Thatch and Cobble had screwed things up terribly so far , odds were they would only make matters worse .
te	NNS	The rocks picked up the scream and echoed it back and forth .
te	NN	" So the universe is a fractal .
te	NNS	The engines were straining as the wheels rumbled along refusing to give up contact with the ground .
te	NN	The combination was an unusual sensation and one that I did not like .
te	NN	The senior cop pulled his gun again and backed away into a shooting stance .
te	NNS	There were no interruptions as I spoke , and no questions when I was done .
te	NNS	Microscopic droplets of sea littered the atmosphere .
te	NNS	Their attacks landed with little damage , her skin charred black for a moment then immediately restore to its alabaster white .
te	NN	Joy 's doorbell chimed , and she sprang off the sofa .
te	NN	Remember 's hologram smiled again , and bowed .
te	NN	The rhythm of his body changed , grew more urgent , and it was too much .
te	NNS	My insides froze as I tried not to glance at Luke .
te	NN	Why would my attendance record matter to him , though ?
te	NNS	A few weeds had infiltrated one of the garden boxes Gabe had built up off the ground .
te	NNS	Six floating pallets bobbed up and down in the water awaiting the personal to attend to them .
te	NN	Shock held her immobile and he used the time to his advantage .
te	NN	" Good , " The file closed and was laid back down on the desk .
te	NNS	" But , Captain , anomalies are opening all around us ! "
te	NN	The jostling of the conveyance lulled me nearly to sleep , as exhaustion finally revealed itself .
te	NNS	And there were even individuals such as Todd , who could have easily qualified as trashy romance novelists .
te	NN	A black mark had once marred its beauty , a strangling imprint from some unknown hand .
te	NN	The flicker was like an electrical short and at times it was as if I could hear a buzzing when it would do its thing .
te	NNS	Besides , there were lots of places to get equipment and uniforms even if they were forced to make them .
te	NNS	The sheets are clean , more or less .
te	NN	The shuttle dipped a bit , but quickly regained control with a tug of the flight stick .
te	NNS	Five Ghosts remained , shimmering between her and the doorway .
te	NN	" The newspaper has run a photo of practically every single person who was there that night except me .
te	NN	His first hint of further trouble came well on into their second day .
te	NNS	" Dust devils are tornadoes , sort of .
te	NNS	The sisters shared a smile .
te	NN	A howl of raw fury chased Monk back to his feet .
te	NN	The steel retained its unbreakable strength , even when thinned to a hair 's breadth .
te	NNS	Local buildings were dark .
te	NNS	The sun sets , the moons rise again , smaller crescents than the night before .
te	NNS	In the child 's perception , dangerous strangers were the opposite .
te	NNS	Footsteps headed in my direction as I pulled open the bedroom door and strode into the hallway .
te	NN	Her plea sounded in his mind , echoed in his heart .
te	NN	In her mind was a strangled denial of his words .
te	NNS	Amadeus possessed a single-minded purpose that would make him relentless in his quest to gain command of the Medallion .
te	NNS	Human females did not like to be sniffed there by anyone but their mates , so it was good that Cassie was still sleeping .
te	NNS	Her curls -- drawn up in a ponytail -- danced around her ears and neck .
te	NN	The living corpse was freshly dead , unlike the wrinkled , grey faces of many others .
te	NN	His eleven-year-old self was still sitting in the chair .
te	NN	The trap barrier absorbing the movement of the intense sound starts to become visible .
te	NNS	Tess had heard wonderful things about a sanatorium in Saranac Lake in New York .
te	NN	Her faith gave her great comfort through the years .
te	NNS	His allies exploded behind him as he rolled into the room .
te	NN	" There was a rape committed yesterday !
te	NNS	The bodyguards shifted when the doctor walked in , but relaxed immediately when they saw who it was .
te	NNS	Mantis walked towards the one on the left as kids rode by on their bikes .
te	NN	My butt 's growing to this bed . "
te	NNS	There were a few smaller buildings closer to the house as well that he could use .
te	NN	A groan parted my lips and his tongue snaked between them to stroke mine with sensual dominance .
te	NNS	All that matters to me is that God works .
te	NNS	His courtiers dared to titter at his joke .
te	NNS	Drunken challenges issued to assassins rarely end well for the challenger .
te	NN	The breach of etiquette shocked him cold .
te	NNS	But as we drove down the tiny alleyway behind the chapel our wheels bounced over the rubble and masonry that had fallen from the building .
te	NN	The bell finally rings and we file out .
te	NN	Our argument from the car ride over is probably still stewing in his mind , but he doesn 't bother looking in my direction .
te	NNS	The nuclear engines had already started , and the momentum was taken over by the mobility engines .
te	NN	If Martha was back , nobody knew it ... What had Bart done with her ?
te	NNS	Benedict 's brows drew together , his lips forming a grimace and his face reddened just slightly .
te	NNS	Her grades have slipped and she doesn 't leave the house except to go to school .
te	NN	A few seconds later the passageway lit up with gunfire from two of his automatics .
te	NN	Silence choked the air , and I could hear my heart thudding .
te	NN	Suddenly Bo 's charming exterior took on a different shading .
te	NN	The welling jumble of my feeling left no restraint , making me almost dance on the spot .
te	NN	" I asked what colour gown she was wearing , " recovered the prince .
te	NN	After a brief conversation , the noisy crew headed to the exit , sometimes exchanging joyful remarks .
te	NNS	Your powers aren 't capable of such .
te	NN	Her nightmare was finally over .
te	NNS	Lois had stopped in briefly to visit , but didn 't stay very long .
te	NN	The temperature in the room dropped , a sudden shock compared to the dry heat we 'd just been in .
te	NN	An electric shuddering ran down his back .
te	NN	" No , well not really , my mum told me once before she died that I was to look after my eyes , they were precious .
te	NN	There was also a social aspect to shots that appealed to most people on some level .
te	NNS	There were magazines and newspapers everywhere .
te	NN	" The nightmare that wouldn 't end , " she said .
te	NNS	Some dragons had great , intricate tattoos , while others had stripes of glowing light down their sides , and across their wings .
te	NN	" There 's nothing concrete about the mess he drew us all into . "
te	NN	The intercom clicked on again .
te	NN	A crack of light shone through a gap in the bottom of the door .
te	NN	My new beta fish was motionless on the clumpy carpet .
te	NN	Maggie stood up slowly , her heart pounding furiously in her chest , the hand holding the phone was immediately clammy .
te	NN	A chill came over him .
te	NN	The realization knocked the breath out of him and forced him to take a long look inward .
te	NNS	" The priests have good reasons for acting as they do . "
te	NN	Nobody cares how old you are or what rights you seem to think you have , Maurice .
te	NNS	Many subs had left him more than satisfied .
te	NNS	Moments later , the prisoner 's wails change into high-pitched screams .
te	NNS	Rumors of more and more dragons seen taking to the skies .
te	NNS	In the cornfield , the stalks towered over me .
te	NNS	There are strong Imperial regulations against weapons . "
te	NN	In a matter of moments her frenzy turned into fear turned into melancholy turned into frustration .
te	NN	" Well , comeback is when a boxer gets back into the ring after losing a match . "
te	NN	Beyond the hole loomed a dark passageway , chiseled out of the rock .
te	NNS	" Besides , silly presents are the best . "
te	NNS	The fluffy animals made excellent toys and playmates for the pups ; they were harmless and loved affection .
te	NNS	Blue orbs shifted from the door to the en suite to me , and then back to the en suite , as if weighing options .
te	NN	The librarian looked around nervously again .
te	NNS	Sometimes the residents could not sit at their accustomed table .
te	NN	There were a million excuses she could have made , a dozen lies she could have tried to tell .
te	NN	This reverie restored his previous good mood and Theo left his friends to go for a wander .
te	NNS	Michaels was curious but not stupid .
te	NN	A much smaller star-like object had risen from its ashes .
te	NNS	The drivers lashed the leads tethering the mules to the wagons , urging more speed .
te	NNS	" Excellent , " continued Chives moving on down the list , " now , hall personnel .
te	NN	" A rite of indoctrination , " Miss Glory corrected .
te	NN	A claw strikes his head and slices half his face away .
te	NNS	Voices mumbled just quiet enough to keep her from the details , but still she knew .
te	NNS	Vampires everywhere are having the same thoughts as you and Jule and we 're not prepared . "
te	NNS	Prometheus looked at Zeus and saw the white-haired leader staring defiantly into the air despite the wind .
te	NNS	Again her cannons replied the pirates as they scampered for safety on deck .
te	NNS	As a group , the five displays , three upper and two lower , allowed Albert to efficiently manage the sophisticated systems aboard Teleport .
te	NNS	For some , their possessions had accumulated into a cumbersome collection , and they struggled to carry it all .
te	NNS	Then sat down on his haunches for a closer study .
te	NNS	The symbols began to glow with soft blue light emitting from the woman 's skin .
te	NNS	Zeus lifted up his top and peered round at his side , which was also bleeding .
te	NNS	Our researchers have no idea what kind of technology he is using or even how to begin reverse-engineering it . "
te	NN	The crater was deep enough for them to hide in and twenty feet wide .
te	NN	Another technician said , " Here it is . "
te	NNS	Justus watched the great contour before him grow brighter and more orange .
te	NNS	Voices echoed from the bedroom and she heard Natasha talking to the doctor .
te	NN	Suddenly his visor gaped open .
te	NNS	Strangely shaped , bright orange emergency vehicles suddenly began to race into the scene .
te	NNS	Perhaps dice was not challenge enough for a god .
te	NN	Her pointy hat was a stealth version , which looked just like a black straw hat with paper flowers on it until you pressed the secret spring .
te	NN	Nobody talked much as they sloshed through the tunnel .
te	NN	The exterior and the interior of Grandma 's Main Street Bar looked exactly the same as it did in 1963 .
te	NNS	If he was not fit for survival , his odds of surviving would drastically decrease .
te	NNS	Aquarius had to be sure so they approached the quarantine camp .
te	NNS	In jail , all halls lead to the warden 's office .
te	NN	The pole inched further in and Michael touched it to her again and she yelled again .
te	NNS	The rhythmic protests of the wood battered Jess from all sides .
te	NNS	From what we could tell , the demons were busy cutting up specimens of the animal remains as well as rocks , plants , and wood .
te	NNS	The ugly Wendell sisters laughed so hard Caroline landed on her rump .
te	NN	A hurricane hasn 't hit these shores in over twenty years , and even then the damage was minimal . "
te	NN	The jagged stone gleamed and Auron 's eyes twitched .
te	NNS	The waitresses were all leathery skin just below hairstyles permanently trapped in the 1980 's .
te	NN	" Time to say bye-bye , you two . "
te	NN	The urge to say something , anything , mushroomed inside her chest , felt it would rupture it .
te	NNS	And then all bets were off .
te	NN	The bus cruised along the well maintained two-lane road out of the big town of Asti .
te	NNS	Soon the groups of trees ceased , and the ground sank .
te	NNS	Pines were famine food , too ; the Ojibwa used to pound the dried pulp into flour , and Alex briefly considered then abandoned the idea .
te	NNS	The banking records indicated Ray had a lot more money than you 'd think a sales guy would earn but nothing else stood out as unusual .
te	NNS	Demons could make themselves appear beautiful as well in order to seduce their victims into believing their lies .
te	NNS	The gloves were the only ones he could find that were large enough for his hands .
te	NNS	The splinters and spears of ice targeted both Nicolae and the victim of the undead .
te	NNS	There was no ground that she could see , just the liquid clouds roiling in every direction , lit by the occasional flickers of red lightning .
te	NN	The interior was smoky and dim .
te	NNS	The clouds congregated over the sun .
te	NN	His Lakota grandfather said he needed patience , and Nicolas had done everything required of him , yet he could not interpret his dream .
te	NNS	Cylons sat on the sand and their eyes circled very slowly as they tapped into the Matrix .
te	NNS	Great holes gaped in his shirt and cloak .
te	NN	Nobody even turned around to watch them leave .
te	NN	A shuffle of the feet and three bounds later I was ascending towards my goal with the ball at the end of my extended right arm .
te	NNS	It was a good thing that Lea was a Lamia , snake tails made very little noise when they slid through the ground .
te	NN	" Your lawn 's pretty long .
te	NNS	The scents lead through the main corridor and to the western wing of the library .
te	NN	A tiny flicker of excitement raced through him .
te	NN	When the dust cleared , there was a crater , five feet deep , between Silver and his three opponents .
te	NNS	In his arms , my joints loosened , my defenses melting as he led me through the sultry steps .
te	NN	On one sleeve was the party arm band ; on the other was the black band of mourning .
te	NN	His hello , his soft , nine-year-old hello makes my throat swell .
te	NNS	The Borman 's latest reports still indicated that the interstellar ship was still at an isolated spaceport in a guarded hanger .
te	NNS	Behind her mother struggling with a fair amount of duty free shopping bags was Scarlett .
te	NN	' My colleague , Rogers , has . '
te	NNS	Burgundy candles burned on black ornate candleholders attached to the walls .
te	NNS	" Clearly delineated boundaries are most effective .
te	NNS	Eros sits in the middle of a small clearing , one he claimed as his ages ago , and he 's stringing flowers together .
te	NNS	Dolores asked pointing to a sway backed building made in part of logs and cover with a tin roof .
te	NNS	The eastern armies are on schedule .
te	NNS	The prophecies are coming true .
te	NN	The reek of voided bowels doesn 't affect March , but I want to scream .
te	NN	The alarm blared from my nightstand .
te	NNS	Voices came from behind them .
te	NN	The attacker screamed ; he wouldn 't be using that hand for a while .
te	NN	Every sensation concentrated to the sweet juncture where their bodies joined .
te	NN	But there was no imagination or magic left inside me and all I heard was the dead silence of nighttime and the secrets lying in my heart .
te	NN	The atmosphere was tense , although Elliot could not understand why .
te	NNS	There was no correcting past mistakes , especially since he could see no real " mistakes " he had made .
te	NNS	" Our hearts are too full for words tonight . "
te	NNS	The bow often contained smaller , long-range guns intended to interdict an enemy 's rigging or punch a hole in her hull .
te	NNS	Justus registered the Flux using stolen codes and docking permission was promptly granted .
te	NN	It didn 't do any good , the silk simply fell right back to the original place where it had been hugging her breasts before the tug .
te	NNS	" There are two powerful families on the northern end of the island .
te	NNS	Tess let the tiniest bit of her true form show in her eyes as she looked right at him .
te	NN	The device blinked and buzzed as she ran it above the prone woman 's body .
te	NNS	There were also five markers , which glowed a dull red .
te	NNS	There were eight belts on each side , those on the fastest lines moved at astonishing speeds -- faster than a thoroughbred at full gallop .
te	NNS	Angus was laughing now .
te	NN	Speed hoped he didn 't sound like a moron .
te	NNS	The bathrooms were also empty , but seemed to be in enough working order that I could tell people had been here not that long ago .
te	NN	The cop sounded irritated .
te	NN	A small notch was missing out of the handle where I had fought for my life .
te	NN	Oddly , that realization gave Sky a peace of mind .
te	NN	The lighting was low in the limo , so I doubted he saw it .
te	NN	The prince had said he would come today for her answer .
te	NNS	Could her sisters hear the thundering of her heart or the panting of her breath under the quilt ?
te	NNS	When the clock first stroke twelve , lots of boys gathered around Len , asking if he wished to play basketball .
te	NNS	Most closets are bigger than our tent .
te	NNS	No fatigues allowed in the mess hall .
te	NNS	Trent exhales loudly , falling back into the couch .
te	NN	The shade with my face floated back and I snapped out of it .
te	NNS	Dragos snapped his cell phone closed and jammed it into the pocket of his cashmere dress coat .
te	NN	Rain had stopped abruptly , with no pattering of a few stray drops to mark a storm 's passing .
te	NNS	Some symbols were stranger than others .
te	NN	The timer reached zero and a final red and white disclaimer flashed across the screen .
te	NN	The ginger smiled with approval .
te	NNS	Humans held fragile psyches .
te	NNS	" Nevertheless the accounts are theirs .
te	NNS	Zeus just nodded and stood .
te	NNS	Entire sections of her face were missing and the top of her head had been cut off .
te	NNS	The candles and the music and the superb view and Marco so handsome and fragile , touching my body .
te	NN	Holly wrapped his arms around me , all that scarred muscled strength so gentle .
te	NNS	Behind the counter lay shotguns and hunting rifles on racks .
te	NNS	The wings of the raven woven into the print seemed to wrap around her protectively , the way he burned to do .
te	NN	The perfect shade to match his soul .
te	NNS	All the residents claim they 've never seen this guy before ? "
te	NN	The other vet we killed said her name was Susan Michaels .
te	NNS	Our families are there .
te	NN	The general who loses makes but few calculations beforehand . "
te	NN	Rage pulsed within him .
te	NN	An actress my mother is not .
te	NNS	" My tastes are changing as we speak .
te	NN	" We will ban it ourselves , " the prince said , the more ominously for the lack of any deliberately threatening tone .
te	NNS	" Sounds great Frankie , meet me at the Tudor House Hotel in Market Drayton next Wednesday it 's not too far from here .
te	NNS	But , then , rumors also claimed he was ten feet tall , and still others said his eyes glowed in dim light .
te	NNS	There were also other copies of two of them for a total of ten books .
te	NNS	Vampires don 't do assassination work .
te	NNS	Old habits die hard .
te	NNS	The males are standing in numerical order at the front , with the females at the back .
te	NN	My aunt , my fragile , wounded aunt , grips my arm so tightly that her fingernails dig into my skin .
te	NN	Anyone else had any luck ? "
te	NN	the Alabama governor said .
te	NNS	' How can flaps help you go faster ? '
te	NNS	Two assistants I 'd fed the night before came over and silently began peeling fruit beside me .
te	NN	Revenge was not normally in his nature , but he had vowed to get it on this occasion .
te	NN	Nobody seemed to be in too much of a hurry .
te	NN	The indecision in her face as I held her gaze unflinching and waiting was laughable .
te	NNS	Unquestionably , these buildings came from an advanced culture .
te	NNS	But I only smiled weakly at him , told him to send me any bills .
te	NN	The tall scrub brush bordering the road crowded so close to the sides of the pavement I felt my claustrophobia kicking in .
te	NNS	Footsteps sounded in the hall , pulling Lucas back to the present and duties .
te	NNS	My nails were beautiful by the time I finished with them .
te	NN	Even our DNA is so close that some might consider it scary to consider the implications .
te	NN	Sex with her was incredible .
te	NN	Just a sprained ankle , but it hurts when I try to climb out of here . "
te	NNS	As the sun dropped lower , impenetrable clouds above blotted out the remaining sunlight , quickly lowering the air temperature .
te	NNS	Their limbs intertwine just above Liam 's head , so it feels as though they are in a small cave .
te	NNS	The skies were clear , and Mike bent forward to the cockpit window , scanning for any trace of the other aircraft .
te	NN	The stairway was just a few feet away .
te	NN	Everybody got muffins except for Bri .
te	NNS	My father blinks and my mother tilts her head .
te	NNS	The plants scratched and caught our clothes as we were dragged up , up , and finally reached the wall 's top .
te	NNS	Ares threw out his arm , and several things happened within a matter of seconds .
te	NN	With the press of a few buttons , a turkey sandwich slid onto the counter hatch .
te	NNS	" What are the odds , right ? "
te	NNS	June nights are always chilly . "
te	NNS	The granite clouds had almost swallowed Stone Mountain whole .
te	NNS	Mags was sitting next to Phoebe barely able to hold herself still , alight with glee .
te	NNS	Tess shook her head .
te	NN	" But why would their dream self just disappear like that ? "
te	NN	A savage recklessness streaked through her , obliterating any caring over what might happen next .
te	NN	A large blackened crater opened a few yards away .
te	NN	His fraternity was hosting a mixer the next night , too , which was plain stupid the weekend before midterms .
te	NN	A bead of sweat dripped off my nose and cooled .
te	NNS	The black hearted vultures were spiralling around , sinking their beaks into what had once been his vessel of life in this world .
te	NNS	Adam tells me that had that particular world fallen , all the other worlds would fall like dominoes stacked in a line . "
te	NNS	As the morning wore on , the clouds that shrouded the mountain tops continued to thicken and lower .
te	NN	" We 'll give you a call when we get him all situated in his room , " the nurse said .
te	NN	There are a variety of powers for a variety of souls . "
te	NN	A ghost of a smile played across Devlin 's face .
te	NN	A private yacht would be in order -- something to cruise around in without the crew , a little something packed full of luxuries .
te	NNS	And tree branches leaned in from all sides to pin him and Damon into their own little world , a lattice to keep them contained .
te	NN	The temple had protected the Ur when they first came here , and reverence for it had been deeply instilled .
te	NNS	The candles they borrowed from the poolside bar were small and white , not tall and black .
te	NNS	" Friends but don 't expect everything to just change overnight , okay ? "
te	NN	The twin beams of the Suburban headlights backlit the beefy farmer , casting his face in shadows .
te	NNS	The other demons vanished immediately , and the magicians who had raised them all collapsed , convulsing in the snow in the throes of assorted seizures .
te	NNS	The bells at St. Columba 's would ring midday for the funeral of a fisherman caught unawares on the shore .
te	NN	The little rat likes hitters . "
te	NN	The realization brought a smile to her face .
te	NN	Eyes dancing with humor , Abby said , " I 'm not positive that 's what she 's thinking . "
te	NNS	There were two alarm systems to worry about , one at the gate and one to get into the house itself .
te	NN	The only dilemma was , Bonnie 's dress sloped from one shoulder , and this one had spaghetti straps .
te	NN	The cruiser was a surprise . "
te	NNS	He is leaning over , elbows resting on his knees .
te	NNS	" What are the gloves for ? "
te	NN	' Nobody , sir . '
te	NNS	Entire crews had been working for the past week , and he remembered being amazed at what had been accomplished on the first day .
te	NN	Once free , I took refuge in the local taverns , drinking heavily , gambling , and ... well other things , " he mumbled .
te	NNS	The cities moved around , constantly .
te	NN	Only nobody thinks I 'm adorable , and I sure as hell know no hero 's going to come along to save me .
te	NN	Silence filled the chamber , then Frank asked quietly , " Luke ? "
te	NN	As I 've indicated , my father 's blindness did not stop the flow of students .
te	NNS	Those conditions , however , didn 't last .
te	NNS	These residents were pleased , and offered no complaints .
te	NNS	Their tails wagged at the mention of food .
te	NN	Skull and bone decorations all over the place .
te	NN	Fine , then , her demeanor conveyed .
te	NNS	Emergency vehicles blocked the street in front of Fiona 's house .
te	NNS	Their limbs arched above , almost hugging the area of the falls , making it feel like a special little alcove .
te	NNS	His brows furrowed as if he hadn 't considered exactly what his plan was , but then it was likely he had no clear plan .
te	NNS	The pains were regular and strong .
te	NNS	Anything exciting planned ? "
te	NN	A bang at the door jarred me back to reality and I spun around with my arms held in a defensive position .
te	NN	The horseman had his bow aimed at Jason .
te	NN	My brooch had tumbled out when Lucas fell , apparently ; it lay on the ground , stark against the snow .
te	NNS	Seven monkeys hung from the chandelier and canopy beds .
te	NNS	" Forms , policies , updated background check , blah blah blah .
te	NN	The small monitor blinked and turned black .
te	NN	A cool breeze kicked up off the lake .
te	NN	" Your lab and pretty much any other network , although I ' m not sure how much of that he realizes . "
te	NNS	" The stones , no , had them installed .
te	NN	Nobody could afford this work in the later ships . "
te	NN	The pickup , the Crown Victoria , and the Ford Taurus lined up between the two of them and the house .
te	NNS	His veins were on fire , shooting lava through his limbs , into his head and heart , into his groin .
te	NN	This quality was likely why Hart had promoted him from valet to private secretary , but Eleanor found it quite inconvenient .
te	NNS	Or locals might mistake you for enemies . "
te	NNS	" He has done a clumsy job , " criticized the princess , coming to the divan and bending over the bandage .
te	NNS	The students she saw in the hallway didn 't look particularly friendly .
te	NNS	Gaius turned back to meet the cur 's guarded gaze .
te	NNS	Jess glanced at Marie and saw her friend staring at Johnnie with that glazed look of young lust .
te	NNS	Were any other vehicles involved ? "
te	NNS	Shop keepers and maids , young and old all stopped their day 's chores to come out and see what all the commotion was about .
te	NNS	He settled back in his chair , elbows on the arm rests , and regarded me in slightly amused silence .
te	NNS	With the cut completed , Ricky blows the sawdust off the board and studies the straightness of the edge .
te	NNS	On the coffee table , flies lit on a half-eaten , moldy cheeseburger .
te	NN	A dueling cane smashed against the back of Marsh 's head , shattering and throwing up splinters .
te	NNS	Where are your armies ?
te	NNS	Though the bullet made no noise , the rising feathers would surely give us away , marking us for death or a juicy meal .
te	NN	His trepidation seemed to stem from the worry that he would not make his wife happy , and that this unhappiness would be mutual .
te	NNS	Emotions slashed the deepest lines into his face , fear and doubt and that lingering shame .
te	NN	But the soldier with the rifle did understand their goal .
te	NNS	There were only a few bullets for the Dillinger .
te	NN	Fighting my other personality for his guns seemed like suicide to me and I didn 't think he would be someone I could defeat .
te	NN	And the hidden mystery , the secret her soul would reveal , still lurked in the last page .
te	NNS	Not even the vendors who stood at their little shops or at their carts and called out their specials cared that I was there .
te	NNS	Probing spells wouldn 't work .
te	NNS	No gloves , no parkas , and a night that promised temperatures well below freezing .
te	NN	And nobody helped me until I met Mary . "
te	NNS	As one man , the wizards backed away from the doors .
te	NNS	Dark clouds mixed with gray have been building overhead since early morning , so maybe it will rain .
te	NNS	Unknown to her , the stones hidden in the folds of her bed started to glow .
te	NNS	Dolores looked hard at Neil .
te	NNS	With barely a breath , her angel added , " The bullets went all the way through . "
te	NN	Panic began to well up inside him .
te	NNS	Crassus frowned at Tavi .
te	NNS	With the exception of their companions the sisters did not recognise any of the faces here .
te	NN	" You , a nobleman of vast wealth and prestige .
te	NNS	Colors knew that these were Masque 's personal troops , who he often referred to as ' The Red Death ' .
te	NN	' There is the potential for that , sir .
te	NN	There is too much daylight already and we do not want to be seen . "
te	NNS	The newlyweds were like night and day .
te	NN	" No , her guarantee would be a waste of time . "
te	NN	His acceptance was unconditional .
te	NNS	Unfortunately , as her enthusiasm grew , her touches on his arm or leg also increased in both pressure and in intensity .
te	NNS	The leathery folds of her face smoothed out with shock .
te	NN	My collar fell to the floor , and my body buzzed with divine energy .
te	NN	The breeze ruffled the long white plumes in his hat .
te	NN	The telephone pole , not knowing what it had been hit with , swung its arm only to find its lower arm tacked in place .
te	NN	Finally the bus arrived and they were whisked back into town .
te	NN	Your baby is all yours again , " said the nurse .
te	NNS	Iris wasn 't either .
te	NNS	The sensations rushed through her , filled her with fire and left her breathless and craving more .
te	NN	The sneer in Mike 's voice was utterly uncharacteristic and made Dylan recoil .
te	NNS	" Many strangers approach !
te	NN	" How large is this orchard ? "
te	NNS	" Maybe the crazies are right .
te	NNS	Years of battle had hardened his body and etched themselves into his very skin .
te	NN	A smear of it over the skin causes the fragment of wire and particles to duplicate and heal , creating a protective layer around your hands .
te	NN	The aircraft shadowed it at safe distance but when it was told by the base that enemy aircrafts were heading to its position the plane headed home .
te	NNS	The wings of Wrath are strong , well able to hold Danika 's slight weight . "
te	NNS	" There 's got ta be a way to force the conversion for those of us mere mortals .
te	NNS	There were bumps along the way but life went on .
te	NNS	The cold droplets of water ran down from the tips of her hair .
te	NN	The female judge picked up a microphone .
te	NNS	Vampires originally invented them in an attempt to counteract the effects of daylight .
te	NNS	The sheets were plain and very white .
te	NNS	Soft leather bags filled with arrows dangled from hooks , and there were stacks of boots , leg guards , and gauntlets for wrists and arms .
te	NN	The newspaper reviews say that the opera in question was bad , my client insists that it was excellent .
te	NNS	A slight numbness weighted my arms and legs , and a dull thrum hummed in my ears .
te	NNS	Something bizarre is inside there , and I 'd like to be the first to know what it is .
te	NN	His skull impacted the unyielding boards of the deck .
te	NN	" What is our objective ? "
te	NN	" The disease that made him so weak is the wasting .
te	NN	" What a preposterous idea !
te	NN	Also , a vet generally comes along and collects samples . "
te	NN	The aisle has lead them to a room with low ceiling .
te	NNS	The other musicians around them were , it was true , quite bad .
te	NN	The nightmare wasn 't real .
te	NN	There 's no telltale tingle on the nape of my neck , no chill that signifies his presence .
te	NNS	Rumors had come back to him that he went months without sleep , and there were months when he thought that was true .
te	NN	Nobody wanted to talk to me about her , and the little I did get was probably untrue , meant to mislead me .
te	NNS	And my powers are considerable .
te	NN	A small bloody bubble escaped from a left nostril .
te	NNS	Tornado warnings , a tropical storm , really bad stuff .
te	NN	The recoil pushed her arms back , and the gun in between her palms turned hot .
te	NNS	" All that mathematics makes the skull as hard as a rock , eh ? "
te	NNS	Humans are a lot more enlightened now . "
te	NNS	Those sheets will never wash out , she 'll have to throw them away and that 's a crying shame .
te	NN	' Anyone else hear that noise just then ? '
te	NNS	Relativistic projectiles have just passed through your location .
te	NNS	The consortium camp lay in ruins , the tents shredded and shattered , the dead bodies covered with dense black clouds of flies .
te	NNS	Hot , wet droplets of red splattered my face and the front of my coat .
te	NNS	His dress pants crumple with his dress shirt as he kneels , his loafers didn 't agree with the motion but complied .
te	NNS	There are two other groups , Group Y and Group Z , which consist of women .
te	NN	Anyway , as close as we can tell , the earl yanked a whole lot too hard , and he broke that young fish 's jaw .
te	NNS	Unfortunately , after a very short time the previously sneaky attacks became not only more frequent but more ferocious .
te	NNS	" All that matters is what the court will say , and all that matters to them is this slip of paper . "
te	NNS	The results were the same .
te	NN	They reached for one another , tongues mating , hands stroking .
te	NN	Chapter 2 By midmorning , the small fleet turned inland up a waterway Magnus 's little troupe had never visited .
te	NN	There was another pickup , equally shiny , parked about twenty feet away from Jason 's .
te	NN	A slight flush filled Skye 's freckled face .
te	NNS	The university students didn 't come to this court , since most of them lived on campus and used those courts .
te	NN	When she pulled her hand away , there was an angry red mark in the shape of a crescent moon .
te	NNS	" Touchdown " messages were still flashing on the screen .
te	NNS	" Will guns kill them ? "
te	NNS	The prophecies of Bob Dylan 's song were beginning to come true and thanks to his mom he 'd been given a crusade .
te	NN	There 's a soft tug and I can feel him slipping away , though .
te	NN	How old is the character ? "
te	NN	" And your fiance actually took it ? "
te	NNS	Their collars were high and Kathleen 's was held together by buckled straps .
te	NNS	There were eleven fences , with two combinations .
te	NN	The intellectual has become the elect , the high priest of society .
te	NN	Her flush deepened , and her gaze shifted away from his face .
te	NN	Then again the kindly influence ceased to act -- I found myself fettered again to grief and indulging in all the misery of reflection .
te	NN	For many days and nights the wagon bearing the strange fellowship moved over the Greenland 's of Gorn .
te	NN	His ten-year-old , Derrick , looked up .
te	NNS	His commanders and section leaders sat in a group as John approached .
te	NNS	The robber 's taxes we 've taken these past few months have been barely enough to keep us fed .
te	NN	Behind him , the bell was clanging again for the turn of the glass .
te	NN	And when your crew came to your aid , my crew took care of every one of them . "
te	NNS	Five buildings glared at him in a half moon .
te	NNS	There are lots of people on the news who can do the same thing !
te	NN	Moments later , the crew of the larger ship lowered a metal ladder from their deck to the Lady Grace .
te	NNS	Focus of intention , of will , is integral to any use of magic .
te	NN	Only Con never had the killer instinct . "
te	NNS	This time the corners of his lips turn up and he doesn 't take his eyes off me until I look away , embarrassed by his attention .
te	NNS	The heavens glowed thick with fire .
te	NN	Miraculously , Amy 's craft held together , as though it had flown through the eye of a great , Amazon dust storm .
te	NNS	The females gave birth to one small child and many died without opening their eyes .
te	NNS	Tall , stone buildings stood side by side .
te	NNS	" Surely there are other fields - " " There are , but none big enough to handle an airplane of this size . "
te	NN	As the meeting ended , the Idaho governor walked over and shook John 's hand .
te	NN	Milton 's pride in his country started to show .
te	NN	Only one member of the Conclave accompanied the host .
te	NN	" Nobody has seen him in the past hour .
te	NNS	" Her mates did not receive any notification of her absence . "
te	NN	Her willingness had begun to torment her more and more as her return to LA loomed closer .
te	NNS	My senses are on high alert for both of them . "
te	NN	The alleyway that led behind the houses brought him out only two corners away from the Sheriff 's Office .
te	NN	" Your last lover was a killer .
te	NNS	Where were the photos ?
te	NN	The noble blinked several times before smiling .
te	NN	A round diamond surrounded on all sides by smaller diamonds .
te	NN	The funeral was to be today . "
te	NN	" Yeah , coach said he won 't be putting Farley in after all .
te	NN	In it , Nicole lay in his bed , completely unclothed beside him , her impatient hands smoothing over his body .
te	NN	The old Jax wouldn 't have cowered with Vel in the med center .
te	NNS	The balconies did not quite connect between the stores , but the three-foot gap looked almost manageable , under most circumstances .
te	NN	The governor was deep in the middle of this whole mess .
te	NNS	Too many times there were attacks on their camp in the middle of the night .
te	NN	Speed looked from his hospital bed within Ship out the viewscreen .
te	NN	A dry breeze blew by as Mantis sipped from his water bottle .
te	NN	A flush crawled up her cheeks that threatened to raise the temperature five degrees .
te	NN	Her cousin goes to my school . "
te	NN	Cain 's galloping heartbeat should have given him away if nothing else .
te	NN	Not even his duty to his village and clan could override his need to fight beside his brother and avenge his son .
te	NN	" Say yes , " the general told him and stared at him summoning all her charm in one blink .
te	NNS	The two sisters walked silently down the hallway towards their rooms , oblivious to the guards who were following after them at a respectful distance .
te	NNS	Tallis waved a hand .
te	NN	The policemen turned their attention to the next two cyclists in line .
te	NNS	Tomas the balding hit man already had his piece out , silenced .
te	NNS	" As I am unbound , other packs would not hesitate to use the pact as an opportunity to forge alliances through ... marriage .
te	NNS	There were two baseball fields , one close , the other on the far side , both meeting at conjoined outfield grass .
te	NNS	But the bullets in the weapon weren 't real .
te	NNS	Their armies poured through all of them .
te	NNS	" Just the beginnings of one , " Marguerite said when the group then turned her way in question .
te	NN	Rome 's Revolution takes place in the 35th century which certainly qualifies as the future .
te	NN	There was a police cruiser a few feet away .
te	NNS	The demons would have to charge up the hill at us while we fired down at them .
te	NNS	A lump forms in my throat and my eyes fill with tears and I nod .
te	NN	A black velvet ribbon adorned her newly curled hair .
te	NNS	Undying rumors say that Ince was accidentally shot and killed by William Randolph Hearst , who was allegedly aiming at Charlie Chaplin but missed .
te	NN	" Revenge , maybe , " said Raja .
te	NN	The salty fluid tasted a bit like mango and crackers .
te	NN	A suddenly risen breeze was blowing from them directly toward the spot where the unseen slayer was hidden .
te	NN	What if the killer hadn 't managed to find what he was looking for ?
te	NNS	Dolores smiled and nodded .
te	NN	The auction lasted longer than I expected .
te	NN	He makes a sharp curve to the left , dipping down around the foot a shallow hill that 's lined with boulders .
te	NN	The CEO liked to keep his hands clean , but in this case , he had to be informed .
te	NN	With an odd , almost moaning sound , the breeze started moving across a field of thigh high grasses .
te	NNS	And there were gnome refrigerator door magnets and gnome figurines standing like little guards around the pie pan on the sill .
te	NNS	Most priests don 't take any such vow but are generally expected to live simply .
te	NNS	His biceps bulged out underneath the short sleeves of the shirt and the jeans emphasized his long , muscular legs .
te	NN	Lot of people here tonight wouldn 't have noticed or cared if she had served cheap champagne and second-rate food .
te	NNS	These hints are ... torture .
te	NNS	She rose into a crouching position and ran , her trainers gripping well on the smooth slates , to the edge of the roof .
te	NN	The monitor was still black .
te	NNS	Pris took a sip then jerked the cup back .
te	NNS	Walls and ceiling glowed turquoise under ultraviolet globes floating like small suns at regular intervals .
te	NNS	All the beans would have spilled in the process .
te	NNS	My sisters and I will drive down to the train station in Butte to pick the men up off the train today .
te	NN	As the arrow struck his underside he felt a sudden sharp pain and before he could pull up , another soldier fired upon him .
te	NN	" Ah ... the leak is no problem ; it 's just a loose fitting . "
te	NN	The beast continued to throw its weight around in the darkness , pummelling the glass , threatening to break free .
te	NNS	Friends for life we 'll always be .
te	NNS	Too many students were standing around , gawking , crying , unsure ... Principal Hayden 's voice boomed from the hallway .
te	NN	The crewman programmed the coordinates into the computer , then looked up in surprise at the pair .
te	NN	Silence filled the crowded chamber .
te	NN	I shout to her , my axe pressed coolly against one shoulder .
te	NN	The guard 's angry glare fades into a somewhat resigned look as he sees the blood smeared on my arm .
te	NN	At the end , the missing cop reappeared , breathing hard .
te	NNS	Her short nails dug into her skin .
te	NNS	' Esteemed gentlemen , ' he said then , ' I just realized something -- what and from where , excuse me from sharing with you .
te	NN	However , the hum of the odd car passing every now and then woke her , as did the creaks and groans of the building .
te	NNS	Cats are weird . "
te	NN	The package was the same bright blue as Alain 's airship -- an exact match .
te	NN	A tumult of thoughts fired through my mind while somehow I remained at a complete loss for words .
te	NNS	Recycle , " replied the students altogether .
te	NNS	Lukas glanced over his shoulder , a momentary spurt of adrenaline nudging away his fatigue .
te	NN	A cool breeze had me crossing my arms over my chest .
te	NN	The temple was east of the castle . "
te	NN	Silence stretched between the teens as they continued walking .
te	NNS	" Those guys just rush in , guns blazing .
te	NNS	His fingertips brush my eyelids , closing them with a feather touch .
te	NN	Phoenix traffic was perpetually in gridlock every hour of the day including late evening rush hour .
te	NNS	Eventually there were no touches I could add and I was ready to go .
te	NN	An ominous groan issued forth and echoed down the stairwell .
te	NN	After a few moments , the substance had eaten the window away .
te	NN	Dane peered out , nobody had seen him yet .
te	NN	During the slow seasons the rent keeps EME afloat . "
te	NN	The regret I felt about one aspect of my life had been too great to talk about then and even more so now .
te	NN	Why hasn 't the charity hosted one of these here before ? "
te	NN	There was an alcove with temporary dividers giving one table at the corner some privacy .
te	NNS	The freckles and the big laughing eyes made Reuben think of Huck Finn and Tom Sawyer .
te	NNS	The animals barked savagely at the sailboat and its three occupants .
te	NNS	His staff 's coldness shouldn 't bother me , but it did .
te	NNS	Tess said under her breath to Aaron .
te	NN	Too much makeup in this sunshine , and a girl looked very trashy , very fast .
te	NNS	Their radios had kept them in touch over all the years .
te	NNS	Her suspicions took root .
te	NN	There was a dagger on his high collar ... what did that mean ?
te	NN	Brian leaned his head in and whispered something in her ear , causing her anger to melt away , her frown replaced with a wicked smile .
te	NNS	Visions dashed through her thoughts again .
te	NN	The bald hero chewed a peanut that had been dislodged from a tooth .
te	NNS	Unfortunately , there weren 't any dry towels in the laundry room .
te	NNS	Friends did that sort of thing .
te	NN	The rich , spicy dough filled the kitchen with a delicious scent .
te	NN	Had the Mother 's cold fiery beam struck him , too ?
te	NN	Her aunt picked it up .
te	NN	As he begins his windup , a purring vehicle pulls up behind him .
te	NNS	A couple other residents were milling around , and a police officer stood nearby taking notes .
te	NN	A nurse came to wheel Tammy away , but Piper remained standing beside him .
te	NN	The great doom begins . "
te	NNS	Savitar 's powers made a mockery of every creature here .
te	NNS	The wards are down ! "
te	NNS	The corners of his lips arced into a boyish smile .
te	NNS	Besides , Miami 's stats are much better ; points allowed , defense against the run , you name it .
te	NNS	At the stern , there were five big engines .
te	NN	And that homework had better get finished . "
te	NNS	The right decisions were always the easy ones .
te	NN	The combination of loud music and the crush of people was making the pub unbearably hot and stuffy .
te	NNS	" Humans do not understand vampires .
te	NNS	The teaching machines , of course , have no shadow personalities ; what they are is all on the surface .
te	NNS	The fires make sense but not rain .
te	NNS	Peaches gave her little cough again .
te	NNS	Secret messages about playing cards glinted all along the sides of the alley , which narrowed as he walked slowly through it .
te	NNS	Sometimes two families would share a room , with just a curtain dividing it . '
te	NN	Men shouting , taunting , horse hooves thumping into the soft earth , arrows whining through the air ; jeers and cheers .
te	NN	His tight-lipped frown was all the answer she needed .
te	NN	There are a few startled screams and it takes a minute for the pain to ease off enough for me to sit up .
te	NN	Her heartbeat kicked up .
te	NN	Anyone here is welcome to join my cause .
te	NN	The smith didn 't appear to be around , but they could see his smoky hut and hear the clanging of the hammer .
te	NN	After so long with hardly any change whatsoever , the impact of that sudden transformation had been powerful and profound .
te	NNS	And there were several other procedures , as well .
te	NN	The babysitting phenomenon in America will make you crazy two ways .
te	NNS	The undead locals became unfocused , as if they were losing coordination .
te	NN	There was a washcloth on her forehead that fell off when she sat upright at our approach .
te	NNS	No tents , no roads , not even any footprints .
te	NN	The attacker cowered and his eyes squinted as he met Andy 's glare .
te	NNS	Chaos dragons would just love to have one of them . "
te	NN	The labyrinth blows , but I choose it . "
te	NNS	Out of honor for the folks , the remaining family units decided to surrogate a second child for the lost third colony .
te	NNS	He slipped into the pilot 's chair , faced the bewildering dials and switches of the instrument array .
te	NN	His shift was over for the day .
te	NNS	The engines of the B-25 hummed at a lower pitch than Dean remembered and the fuselage shook with an irregular vibration .
te	NN	His latest project on developing a new electromagnetic process for fueling space travel was amazing .
te	NNS	Shadowy individuals you only hear about from people who claim to have witnessed UFOs .
te	NN	What was this tendency towards violence when she was around him ?
te	NNS	His suspicions mounted as he tried to put the pieces together before this blew up in a very public setting .
te	NNS	Back then families would bury their dead either in the church graveyard or in a small graveyard on their property .
te	NNS	Your nightmares hint that he 's a murderer !
te	NNS	Once again , if it could open , the intruders opened it .
te	NNS	Amy 's brows furrowed with concern .
te	NN	My debut novel , Remembering the Sweet Nectar is available now in paperback and also on Kindle and Nook .
te	NN	If the setting on the Talisman is changed before the ' key ' is removed , the holder will not return to their time .
te	NNS	Officers seemed to be out in force , searching for clues concerning the disappearance of the Arnolds ' daughter .
te	NN	The reactor core temperature was rapidly approaching critical .
te	NNS	Years of drought and fear brought some to believe the old man 's counsel without power of direction .
te	NN	Each clap of explosion deafened my ears but the beating of my heart was so much louder .
te	NNS	The Children of the Stars charity will benefit from your extreme generosity .
te	NNS	Those studies agreed on one thing .
te	NNS	Along this section of the coast the mountains were narrow and jagged , like the blade of a massive serrated knife .
te	NNS	Clubs watched the men in the courtyard .
te	NNS	The notes were my only way of proving that I wasn 't a hundred percent insane .
te	NNS	The corners of his eyes wrinkled with humor .
te	NN	And the dinosaur was alone , a backpack hanging off one horn and bits of a fence still clinging to one foot .
te	NNS	Bits of brown and red shook from his fingers as he dumped handful after handful into the mixture .
te	NN	There was obvious eye candy too .
te	NNS	A hundred visions flashed through his mind , some were very nice and others were very bad .
te	NN	' My blaster 's overheated .
te	NN	" A demon 's charmed object starts with the same feeling , but where ours are cold , theirs are hot .
te	NN	A flick of McBride 's eye drew Yuri 's attention over his shoulder .
te	NNS	Both armies took stock of each other .
te	NNS	" Crossbow bolts , " Jordan said .
te	NNS	" The cryo labs have a back entrance .
te	NN	The hum grew stronger as she flipped through , making notes of an ancient love spell and a chant to Earth Mother .
te	NN	A moment later the bead dropped down into Stefan 's mouth and she felt the sheer staggering power of how much he loved her .
te	NNS	The feathers across face and neck stood on end .
te	NNS	Her brows pulled together .
te	NN	The bell rang as he rounded the corner , but he should be able to make it to class before it stopped .
te	NN	The jungle was different - from the way he had imagined it to be .
te	NN	Carter flung open the door and yanked me inside .
te	NN	A small stain darkened the camouflaged material , spreading inexorably as they continued .
te	NN	A chill came over me .
te	NNS	The personnel start treating their own families like dogs because they 've been treated like dogs themselves . "
te	NN	There was no big splat from an exit wound because a .22 didn 't have the power to do more than one cranial wall .
te	NNS	Cats have a much better sense of smell than humans . "
te	NN	A couple of miles after that and Bixby High would become almost unbearable , a buzz saw in her mind .
te	NN	The young crewman nodded , but Arman could tell from the look he gave that he was already trying and was getting no response .
te	NNS	The stun guns didn 't seem to be working .
te	NN	" Who is the mystery blond ? "
te	NNS	Black feathers rain all around me and then everything goes silent .
te	NNS	The clan elders could use that against him .
te	NN	Her huge crush on Brad didn 't matter anymore .
te	NNS	This being a capital city and university town there are lots of people from lots of places living in Green Bay , including Huguenots .
te	NN	That property is never going to be marketable .
te	NNS	Kate fixed sandwiches for an early dinner and Jade took to visiting the corner windows and asking everyone in turn if she could come outside and explore .
te	NN	The Horse looked very well on the new dress , silver against green .
te	NN	One soldier in particular had caught Theo 's eye , the one in the driving seat .
te	NNS	His brows went up , and he licked his lips ; then he sipped some more of the tea .
te	NN	The beam pinned Dave and a scantily clad woman to the deck of the catamaran .
te	NNS	Well , the heavens opened up and it started to pour .
te	NNS	Weakened states are easier to invade .
te	NNS	Because of our background and our grades my sisters and I were able to get scholarships and financial aid to cover the majority of our tuition .
te	NN	" Don 't worry kiddo , this needle is a virgin . "
te	NNS	The machines are breathing for him now . "
te	NNS	Benes would be here , at last , in one more moment .
te	NNS	Shaky fingertips brushed my hair away from my forehead .
te	NNS	Seven Rules By Dayle MacKenzie Published by Dayle MacKenzie at Amazon Copyright Dayle MacKenzie 2013 Cover Copyright 2013 by Dayle MacKenzie All rights reserved .
te	NN	The clock on the fridge said it was after nine .
te	NNS	Solis asked after the last Red Hand mercenary went past .
te	NN	Viper 's patience came to an abrupt end .
te	NNS	Over dinner the lads learned of Barbara 's day .
te	NN	There was almost a groan of dissatisfaction from many of those in the audience .
te	NN	Sex does not warrant death . "
te	NNS	Aside from the dozens of life forms in their respective containers , stacks of books dominated the room .
te	NN	The crack was loud in the silence of the night .
te	NNS	The sisters slept like babes -- the day had ended very successfully and they had managed to erect a smokescreen in front of their enemies .
te	NN	This same ghost had somehow gotten into Ani 's head just to lure Indigo downstairs .
te	NN	Any similarity to actual events and people living or dead is coincidental .
te	NN	The project was that vital to her , too .
te	NNS	Many law students skipped the picture taking .
te	NNS	The workers fled inside the REX and barricaded the doors behind them .
te	NNS	All the students were waiting for them , including Tristan and Simon .
te	NNS	Clouds obscure the moon , blacking out the stars the same way they did on the night I disappeared .
te	NNS	Jess stood up and wrapped her arms around her stomach and turned to look back at me .
te	NN	The aggressive dismount sent the guards clattering back .
te	NN	The barrier of clothing was restricting and a sweet yet painful ache begged for fulfillment .
te	NNS	His fingertips stroked her cheek and slid down the side of her neck .
te	NNS	There were no reports of any missing or lost children in the last fifteen years that had not been found .
te	NNS	Modern guns shoot just fine wet , but he 'd begun using firearms when dry powder meant life or death , and old habits die hard .
te	NNS	The branches swept the surface , long dangling arms of green to brush across his shoulders .
te	NNS	Immediately my bells and whistles went off .
te	NNS	Dreams that involved kissing and touching where clothes were considered optional .
te	NN	The attendant quickly placed a square piece on Nick 's chest .
te	NNS	The wizards nodded glumly .
te	NN	A horn blared behind them , and Layla gasped .
te	NNS	Just a few buildings burned by local hill bandits ! "
te	NNS	The cigarettes were from a red packet , but I can 't remember the name .
te	NN	" Could a fake passport get you into Israel ?
te	NNS	Footsteps sounded behind us .
te	NNS	Three rusty screws down and Beth spoke , making him jump .
te	NNS	The weathered grey shingles , and light blue shutters , were bright in the light of the full moon .
te	NNS	Footsteps rustled in the grass beside the court , and she stood up , tensed .
te	NNS	Footsteps interrupted my thoughts and a nurse came into the room .
te	NN	The Iron prince looked fine when I first came in .
te	NNS	Huge circles for dots over my I 's . "
te	NNS	A few skater students around him snickered .
te	NNS	Desk drawers and cupboard doors stood open .
te	NN	Her lipstick is completely smudged , so that means she must 've snuck off and met with Matt .
te	NN	My mobile 's still on .
te	NNS	The wizards looked sadly at what appeared very much like a comfortable armchair which someone had , for some reason , upholstered in red fur .
te	NN	The sudden exertion makes my heart beat faster and I feel like I 'm about to pass out again .
te	NNS	Their remains joined the wall .
te	NNS	Vampires are comfortable in darkness ; their eyes adjust to seeing in darkness and seeing in light almost instantly , much faster than the eyes of humans .
te	NN	The breeze through the windows had calmed him despite the direction they were headed .
te	NN	An electric buzz and clicking noise cracked into life and an accompanying blue flare lit the room .
te	NNS	His wings are tired .
te	NNS	His feathers were the purest shade of white and threaded by the most beautiful rivers of molten gold .
te	NNS	There 's lots of room on the road .
te	NNS	Jess answered on the third ring .
te	NNS	The rumors couldn 't possibly be true .
te	NN	A moan of pain escaped Cassie ; she tugged on her arm as the thing continued to cling to her .
te	NN	His grandson had explained : the old man had been sick and the nursing home attendants had often heard him talk of the willow tree .
te	NNS	Lucius made to follow him , but I stopped him with a hand on his forearm .
te	NNS	Doctor Nelson , was considered tall for a wolf , the females were mostly short but she was a tall lanky woman .
te	NNS	The wheels behind those sky-blue eyes turned as he decided my fate ; to toss my curious ass out or not to toss my curious ass out .
te	NNS	The deer went down before it even knew what hit it .
te	NN	" Anyone could have heard you screaming .
te	NNS	" The cut 's not healing up and it 's not going to with an iron blade and that 's damn ... " " Dangerous to demons .
te	NNS	My powers are growing too fast and they scare me but whatever happens , I will deal with it . "
te	NN	" Targets ' last confirmed location was La Paz , Mexico .
te	NNS	As if baby Emily heard the magic word from her bouncy chair in the kitchen , the hungry wails begin .
te	NNS	Its nails are sharp and long , enough for them to go through my attacker 's body , its tips protruding from the other side .
te	NN	The object was hard and smooth and curved into a tight semi-circle .
te	NN	Anxiety about my dad continued to eat me up all day .
te	NNS	The planks that built the platform of anyone running for office were a little bit of truth mixed in with a bunch of lies .
te	NN	Not ideal weather for moving , but escrow would be closing in a couple of days , and she had to be out by then .
te	NNS	Smashwords Edition Copyright © 2009 Mary Louisa Locke All rights reserved .
te	NN	This paradox struck her the most when she had regained consciousness .
te	NNS	Tallis jumped , spiraling through the air , landing on his feet behind the man .
te	NN	The knot in his stomach was tight enough to double him over .
te	NNS	Just like dock workers back on Earth . "
te	NNS	The three males in the room were now definitely not looking at me as Abbot spoke .
te	NN	Sand and other debris rise up and away from the point of impact .
te	NNS	The keepers of our knowledge , as far as I know .
te	NNS	Clubs ushered his apprentices from the room as the surgery began .
te	NNS	Zeus squinted and dared to look at the inferno .
te	NNS	All outside bets lose . "
te	NN	The additional respite may not be necessary , but it might do you some good .
te	NNS	" What one spirit does , all spirits do .
te	NN	Silence filled the room as tears began to slip down Evelyn 's cheeks .
te	NN	The hem of her dress stopped at mid-thigh and all there was after that was glowing skin until his eyes reached those spiky heels .
te	NNS	Though fully grown , the demons were the size of ten-year-old boys , with thick humanoid bodies and skin as green as toxic slime .
te	NNS	The bullets tore small chunks of asphalt out of the ground near her feet as she ran .
te	NN	The device stood at over three metres tall , dominating the ground that surrounded it .
te	NNS	Tammie wanders into the kitchen to make herself a sandwich , pretending the lump in her throat doesn 't affect her .
te	NN	And then there was a lull .
te	NN	To the right of the desk was a long row of stylist chairs lining the wall .
te	NN	But its effect was certainly visible .
te	NN	Your fiance sent us . "
te	NNS	The clouds covered the whole sky and the sun so it was a little darker than usual .
te	NN	My collection was vast , and I 'd worked hard for it .
te	NNS	After that , every few decades , small groups emigrated here , some to study the culture , others to settle and raise families .
te	NN	" My proposal is still open . "
te	NN	His mother 's mist was hanging at her lips as well .
te	NN	Wind whipped Grigori 's dark hair across his white face .
te	NNS	The surrounding troops fell silent .
te	NNS	James grilled steaks on the balcony as Joni and Isaac read a book in the recliner .
te	NNS	Suddenly Preston 's senses became more alert .
te	NN	The atmosphere was celebratory , and all the more when the villagers brought out a concealed store of honey wine .
te	NNS	The workers at the station have designed a system for collecting the blood .
te	NNS	His visions are so clear . "
te	NNS	Our hearts no longer beat , no longer sustained our lives , and yet we needed them wholly intact to function .
te	NN	And still , the vehicle crept forward .
te	NN	A beam of red light burst from his fingers .
te	NN	Or do farm work on one of the bigger farms .
te	NN	An impact around the main canister staggered the dirt , causing it to circle around the cylinder .
te	NN	" I don 't know , sir , " the waiter sounded puzzled .
te	NNS	" Transportation spells works much like a GPS .
te	NNS	" Your powers of perception are improving . "
te	NNS	Her house mates always gathered to hear the music , too .
te	NNS	Tall , razor wire fences obstructed the view of a massive , brick and cement complex that was almost devoid of windows .
te	NN	" You have one new message , " said the recorded cell phone babe .
te	NN	The beast was easily twice the size of a normal wolf , and his thick fur was a stark white .
te	NN	The gold timer appeared .
te	NNS	Like the ripples caused by a rock thrown into a pond , the circles would widen and widen as more and more people found out .
te	NN	A smattering of applause encouraged them up the steps .
te	NNS	The animals hadn 't known to be afraid of humans .
te	NN	The neighborhood didn 't had a lot of trees and fields , instead there were old apartments and tall buildings on my side .
te	NNS	Eros shifted and looked a bit green .
te	NNS	Hopefully , our paths will realign soon .
te	NN	My birthday hat was really creating an impression , just like I knew it would .
te	NN	" Having taught you much of what I know about political intrigue , general disappointment may be forthcoming . "
te	NN	My dick twitches again .
te	NN	My advice to you is to get a new hobby !
te	NN	Our new high profile intern !
te	NN	But what quality set those cards apart ?
te	NN	Nobody has ever done that to me before .
te	NN	A red blur swam before Robert 's eyes .
te	NN	When they were done , the announcer ordered the seconds to leave the ring .
te	NNS	" Rumors fly around the city with blinding speed .
te	NN	Nobody knew they were in our house until Eliana screamed , but by then it was already over . "
te	NN	Anyone would have called it treason .
te	NN	This meaning can be visual or aural .
te	NN	What was that big bang ? "
te	NN	The disguised maiden sensed Hugo awaited a kiss .
te	NN	The Montgomery mansion reminded her of the New York City penthouse she 'd shared with her husband .
te	NN	Her sleeve , absurdly large and awkward , trailed in a bowl of sauce , but she didn 't care .
te	NNS	" You 'll stay in here , " the princess said .
te	NNS	Leo advances deeper into the detention room while I stand in shock .
te	NN	" The suspense is killing me . "
te	NNS	The hinges bent and cracked .
te	NNS	Ambulance crews were rushing over to where Reddington lay on the tarmac .
te	NN	Still , despair washed over him .
te	NNS	His ancient circuits breathed with power once more .
te	NNS	Despite heavy losses from low altitude surface guns , the Unified fighters decimated the Dominion fleet in its berths with men and munitions aboard .
te	NNS	The tremors began in small waves and continued until they engulfed her in heated convulsions .
te	NNS	The parking lots were fairly empty , and they managed to get around the stalled traffic that way .
te	NNS	My bones turned to air , nothing holding me up but the fierceness of my desire .
te	NNS	Thousands of people back in the fleet depended upon him doing his job -- on the two of them to find water .
te	NNS	The Crows nest itself was perched on a very high cliff , and they had only climbed upward since escaping .
te	NNS	The bandages fell away , and Angus held his wrist out to us , palm facing up .
te	NNS	The tips of his fingers stuck to the stake he yanked from his own chest , peeling away from his flesh .
te	NNS	But so far our paths hadn 't crossed .
te	NN	An outsider would have people who expected to hear from him , or that he 'd return home at a certain time .
te	NNS	The buildings ended abruptly , and behind them the mountains rose in all their majesty .
te	NN	The approach into Malpensa passed without event and Frank taxied the plane up to the tarmac at Legacy on schedule .
te	NNS	" Horses are nice enough , I suppose , but they do have to eat , and I don 't see very much grass around here . "
te	NN	There was the usual commotion as everyone started talking at once , with greetings and questions and quips , all at the same time .
te	NNS	The high clouds far below were but a fringe for its foothills .
te	NN	The hill continued down to form a cliff overlooking the sea .
te	NNS	My fingertips rubbed my forehead .
te	NNS	Then , too , being home most nights would be pleasing to me , Shannon and the young ' uns as well . "
te	NNS	Bright shades of blue , emerald , and soft brown , her gown and matching peacock mask had cost as much as a small house .
te	NN	The shout came out pathetically weak .
te	NNS	The remaining three sheriff 's deputies joined the group .
te	NN	Only one narrow passageway through the cliffs allows entry to the beach , and it is guarded by Murphy and Kai themselves .
te	NNS	There are powers so deep and dark buried with that continent that they make a mockery of Zeus .
te	NN	" The good doc let it slip before surgery .
te	NN	Absolutely an antique , the wooden masterpiece had very few gashes , just enough to remind everyone of a time that once was .
te	NN	About those satellite orbits ... ? "
te	NNS	Thousands of men , women , and children joined us . "
te	NN	" You lie , " my cousin said .
te	NN	A beam of lightning blasted from the left .
te	NNS	Her fingertips brushed leaves and small twigs .
te	NNS	Michaels said , " Don 't give them human emotions .
te	NN	After I tore his gun apart , that nice young law enforcer we met started up a conversation with me .
te	NN	The monthly rent must be through the roof .
te	NNS	Even the nerves I knew were hammering through both our hearts .
te	NN	A chilling alarm sounds .
te	NNS	There are demons , Flattery 's peopl ... " He doesn 't believe me , she thought .
te	NNS	The mice are here .
te	NNS	These deadly pillars deal 1d6 damage each on contact and are difficult to avoid as they move in a pattern .
te	NN	" Anyone can make a miscalculation , Roger .
te	NN	The walkie-talkie crackled again .
te	NN	The iron rod was already swinging down .
te	NNS	There were many rumors around school about the adventures of Sean in the pink truck with Holly or Beige .
te	NNS	Being hopeless and helpless , small victories were all he had .
te	NNS	' And in what spirits are the other brethren ? '
te	NN	Nobody would interrupt or summon us to other business .
te	NNS	No monkeys stirred as they crossed the mosaic , though they still had to tread carefully on the stairs .
te	NNS	Still , more towers fell .
te	NN	The lobby isn 't as empty as it was earlier .
te	NNS	Its spirits are my spirits .
te	NN	A realization came to Gregor .
te	NNS	The demons guard the secret well .
te	NNS	" That deer wasn 't for her .
te	NNS	As the days passed , the notes became much shorter .
te	NN	The grey tint that had taken over receded as the color of her skin returned to normal .
te	NN	The waiter looked at her .
te	NNS	Half an hour later , 2 hours until dusk , the first Scottish guns opened up .
te	NNS	Her senses were reeling as if her nervous system had been short-circuited by a powerful jolt of electricity .
te	NN	" In fact , " the coin dealer went on .
te	NNS	The fries were still so hot that they burned her tongue , but she didn 't care .
te	NNS	Voices , fearful and calm , controlled and panicked , were calling out from all quarters .
te	NNS	The computers were the first things her dad had hooked up when the power came back on .
te	NNS	There were two servers in green uniforms behind the counter across the room .
te	NN	So , how would a dude go about making one ?
te	NNS	At least half a dozen younger females sighed in unison and parted for him like the great leaking sea .
te	NN	" Everybody leaves some kind of trail . "
te	NN	There was no tug of the current on me the heaving was inside my head .
te	NN	Their timing had to be perfect .
te	NNS	There were no nightmares .
te	NNS	The two beams retracted into recesses on either side of the door .
te	NNS	The first rays of the new day speared outward and aimed for the pyramid .
te	NN	Reginald Powell 's parents DNA was still with forensics , and Donoghue had promised a quick turnaround after the error they had made initially .
te	NNS	One day , centuries from now , when he found someone else to love , he would wake and realise all that I would have said anyway .
te	NN	Then the blond chap entered the fray and the tide turned .
te	NN	" Where 's her rabbit ? "
te	NNS	Once all of the books were sorted , the students proceeded to the tabled sitting area .
te	NNS	In other parts of the world , warlocks went into hiding , sometimes banding together for safety but more often making their way alone .
te	NN	A large root sprang out of the earth , invisible to me until I was sprawled out beside it .
te	NNS	My bags were already circling the small baggage carousel , the benefit of being the only plane at a small airport .
te	NN	Anyone who knows about secret passages has heard about booby traps and stuff like that , so I stopped and thought about what to do .
te	NN	The sincerity in his voice caught Kate off guard ; she had nothing witty to say back .
te	NN	The dagger on my shoulder is actually a really sharp rock .
te	NNS	No exceptions , " Jake replied without hesitation .
te	NNS	The adventures that followed capture the essence of that time and place , now unknown to a postmodern generation .
te	NN	Once more , there was a slight shift in the air , and I realized what it was .
te	NNS	In Meadowlands buses rumbled on all day and all night .
te	NNS	A few students turned around , flashing sympathetic smiles .
te	NNS	All three countries possessed vast nuclear arsenals , and again the world held its breath .
te	NN	My alarm didn 't go off and ... " " I have a busy day .
te	NN	" Everybody has one , " Newton said , " but it just regulates sleep . "
te	NN	High-end , quality work . "
te	NNS	There were some winters when I almost ate me own shoes . "
te	NN	Even the carnal thrusting and grunting was plausible .
te	NN	Speed wondered if Ship was somehow manipulating him .
te	NNS	My nerves were strung tight this close to him , but even more so because of Ryder watching me from across the table .
te	NNS	Too bad that one look also made those stupid goose bumps come back .
te	NN	Apparently , consciousness is the ultimate slacker , but in spite of its small bandwidth , consciousness is remarkably loud as it manages to talk seemingly nonstop .
te	NNS	Tallis rolled his eyes and crossed his arms over his chest .
te	NN	" My grandfather and I followed McGee the other night .
te	NNS	Zeus has no power over my realm .
te	NN	Her heartbeat was racing and her knees felt a little wobbly .
te	NN	A nice tidbit she should have told him during their walk upstairs .
te	NNS	The candles had different colors and scents .
te	NNS	" Your sisters finished packing for you .
te	NNS	The alien machines were crafty , and we would have to watch our every step .
te	NN	Obviously nobody missed my company .
te	NN	The general puts it away and pulls a pair of thumb cuffs from his belt .
te	NNS	Her concerns now centered on his very survival .
te	NN	The maroon and gray colors of all the cheer uniforms blended together in a school spirit haze .
te	NNS	Her brows fell and her eyes were practically shooting poison darts at him .
te	NNS	The symbols weren 't like anything I 'd seen before , but they looked kind of like hieroglyphics .
te	NN	From what he could see of the cabin , nobody survived other than himself .
te	NNS	' There are lots of different kinds of geese . '
te	NN	A wordless agreement seemed to pass between them and each blurred back into her natural form .
te	NNS	The clouds were off on the horizon again , some forty leagues distant .
te	NN	The mouse agreed but insisted .
te	NN	The lump again pressed against Eric 's throat .
te	NN	Trouble seems to follow you wherever you go .
te	NN	Tomorrow , ten a.m. Watch C-SPAN II .
te	NN	" Of course , " the coachman said .
te	NN	A twitch of a smile back .
te	NNS	Young grape vines at each end of the porch had begun their climb over the rough-hewn wooden frame .
te	NN	A bell rang and children appeared on the grass behind us , yelling , laughing , lifetimes to be lived .
te	NN	There 's steel in her eyes again , and she shakes her head .
te	NNS	Her limbs worked and her face broke the surface again .
te	NNS	" You know , newlyweds have children all the time . "
te	NNS	How many kings had risen and fallen while he watched ?
te	NNS	As the company grew , the projects began to pop up in the city .
te	NNS	Fresh ropes bound his ankles and hands .
te	NNS	But , Grandfather , there are matters you don 't understand .
te	NNS	Two neat holes blackened his left bicep , blood trickling out of each one of them .
te	NN	I mean , this flood of rain has been going across multiple states here in the Rockies for going on three months now .
te	NNS	The wheels in his head are turning as his mind sorts through something complex .
te	NN	The Admiral walked through a deck hatch to meet the President on the hanger deck .
te	NNS	But the clues are there .
te	NN	The cage only lasted for a split second , but it was enough to break his hold on her .
te	NNS	His hands stroked the small of her back , moved down the curves of her hips .
te	NN	A small amount of static gave him a charge .
te	NNS	The smart scientists retrieved DNA then implanted into three-fourths of the family units .
te	NNS	Tess disappears and I shoot Gunny a look .
te	NN	The scout topples over onto the ground and falls still .
te	NN	A pitiful moan floated up from the floor .
te	NNS	Not sensing any danger , the deer dropped its head to drink .
te	NN	For some reason , the ghost had decided to move on , which didn 't bother her at all .
te	NN	The kiss lingered and her heart began to set up its own demanding racket .
te	NNS	Zeus has sent them into nothingness as well .
te	NN	With that , the coyote turned away and started to walk .
te	NNS	My entire body quivers with the phone , and my clit is so sensitive now that there are tears forming in my eyes .
te	NNS	Gaius shook his head .
te	NNS	The tall evergreens were once again swaying and bending .
te	NN	A shuttle left that ship and is en route here .
te	NN	A strange ladder led one into an even lower floor .
te	NNS	Just then my aunt came up from the basement .
te	NNS	The males possess the same special abilities now that they possessed when they were alive .
te	NN	And the satellite above also lost its microwave contact with the plane at the exact same moment .
te	NNS	Jess gave a mock shudder .
te	NNS	Why do students hate schools ?
te	NNS	Vimes fished out the Gooseberry as a red-hot cabbage smacked into the road behind him .
te	NNS	Clubs bellowed , bursting out of the stairwell .
te	NN	The insert would slide right out .
te	NN	In the morning my nightmare began .
te	NN	" The strong interaction weakens .
te	NNS	Many religious groups both hope and fear what Aria will have to say about the other side , if she does indeed remember anything after awakening .
te	NN	The sincerity in his voice was lovely to hear , and Tammy was deeply in tune with these sentiments .
te	NN	The original killer is him . "
te	NN	The flickering mist that was Alastor broke apart and came toward me as if pushed by a great wind .
te	NNS	Art 's records might show us how to track the others . "
te	NNS	Our enemies aren 't going to know what 's hit them ! "
te	NNS	There are always fires .
te	NN	" No , but your father 's platoon did and I had to suffer being buried alive .
te	NN	After a few minutes , the announcer pulled down the microphone from the ceiling , and darted some words into it .
te	NNS	The corners of her mouth turned down in a disgruntled frown .
te	NN	There was a half-finished protection Mark on one of the logs Sebastian had nailed over the broken window .
te	NNS	Your enemies have provided themselves with this Head .
te	NN	The cab rattled and shook , vibrating with strange lights and sounds .
te	NN	The dorm was trying out a new keypad system of entry into the rooms instead of keys , and Kelsey had given Spencer her room 's code .
te	NN	Anyone that looked at Anna saw it , knew it , and treated her differently .
te	NN	The chill finally began leaving her as the warm rays of the sun touched her flesh .
te	NN	My ankle , I found , was terribly disobedient and made me wince every time pressure was thrust upon it .
te	NN	With her long brown hair whipping in the wind and flying in her face , her bandana helped hold it back .
te	NNS	These suburbs were full of kids who wanted trouble and didn 't have a fear in the world .
te	NN	Where is my attacker ?
te	NN	The world stilled , briefly and the shore of a rocky cliff came into focus .
te	NNS	" The fibers found in Adele 's hair ? "
te	NN	" But haven 't you noticed that every day , somebody disappears ?
te	NNS	Once I 'm placed back in my cell the door swings closed with a short , abrupt clunk .
te	NN	After the decision had been made to try again to stop the bomb , leadership for the operation had naturally fallen into her .
te	NN	A deep chill sank into him , shaking him from the inside out , whispering to him that he was never going to be warm again .
te	NNS	The clouds slowly changed shape above her in the blue sky .
te	NNS	Branches lashed at his face , showering him with snow as his arms failed to respond to his request for them to protect him .
te	NNS	The bullets were so big that they blew big chunks out of the wall .
te	NN	The innkeeper eyed him speculatively but said nothing for he caused no trouble .
te	NN	The hate mail - aka fan mail - had gotten worse .
te	NNS	The Death 's Head spiders have the ability to not only take life essence from someone .
te	NN	The large cavity , said to be over 50 meters across , appeared on Hanover Street during night works to move existing service pipes in the area .
te	NNS	" Three Hunters and me , " he reminded Julian coldly .
te	NN	Nobody should have been able to get in there . "
te	NNS	The machines had four wheels , but they only touched the ground for landing .
te	NNS	Instead , the powers above will construct a swift , publicly acceptable closure .
te	NN	The flight attendant came back with our drinks .
te	NN	No urge to vomit had come over me , but I thought my head might explode .
te	NN	Custody paperwork would be a separate matter altogether .
te	NNS	The vehicles sped up the driveway and screeched to a stop behind Spencer 's car .
te	NNS	Footsteps sounded behind her .
te	NN	Around them , the campground grew quiet .
te	NNS	Her sisters would have laughed about that on any other day .
te	NNS	The candles revealed the shadow of the chair 's occupant .
te	NN	The hum increased to a low roar and she stuck her head around to see a server room that would rival a giant corporation 's .
te	NNS	There are lots of ladders up to the quayside .
te	NNS	Her wings spread further as she gained a speed that she 'd never had before .
te	NNS	" Our enemies didn 't kill her .
te	NNS	The states of the spectrum together decided to hunt down all mystics to ensure that such tyranny never happened again .
te	NN	The archivist 's alcove held a cluttered writing desk , glowing candles , a lava hearth , and a small round table .
te	NN	Nobody was expecting to fly for a couple of days .
te	NNS	Her mother 's sheets rustled .
te	NNS	The other three limbs raised next , and blades emerged from each one .
te	NNS	Hunters and the Hunted Chapter 32 .
te	NN	There was a gasp and they both turned to see Eugenia standing in the doorway .
te	NNS	The numbness had started to leave her .
te	NNS	The warlocks howled in anger .
te	NNS	Zeus answered , " I 'm not sure . "
te	NN	A few moments later , the impatient tapping of Carlotta 's foot brought him back to the present state of affairs .
te	NN	The rule of law as much as the laws of physics presented us with no respite .
te	NN	My patience is wearing thin , Lennox , and though I am a peace-loving man , there are some things not even I can tolerate . "
te	NN	The pad of his thumb moved lazily over her nipple .
te	NNS	Demons were like that , after all .
te	NNS	Fuzzy slippers optional . "
te	NNS	No symbols had appeared , and a handprint was the only thing that would reasonably fit in that square .
te	NN	Reluctant admiration lit the older man 's gaze .
te	NNS	Most musicians or artists or sports heroes have been struggling for years before they are discovered seemingly ' overnight ' .
te	NNS	Several generators had exploded , but the energy had been driven up through the skylight and not outward through the walls .
te	NNS	In the mountains was his chance to earn a name .
te	NN	" Good riddance - " " No darling , " said Dreamer gently , Agnes scowling at her .
te	NNS	Earth cows are unlike cows from any other planet .
te	NN	But the judge pounded his gavel , curtly announced that the D.A. was dropping all charges and exited the courtroom .
te	NN	The official verdict was suicide .
te	NN	My only complaint was that Emmie was including me in it as her one and only co-conspirator for the first part .
te	NNS	The throne keepers would use my feelings for her against me .
te	NNS	She put her hand to his chest , her fingertips resting over his heart .
te	NN	The sole decoration on her simple habit was a wooden pin above her breast , in the shape of a dove .
te	NN	Panic swept through me .
te	NN	" Now , tell me why you look so tired , " the nurse questioned her .
te	NN	For some reason that she and Phyllis had never understood , silk was a barrier of sorts .
te	NN	Real sorrow laced Helen 's voice .
te	NN	And her grandfather had , and now Jenny had rescued him and broken the bargain , and brought everything back to the starting place .
te	NNS	The lightness in those last words seemed forced , and I was glad he couldn 't see my frown in the darkness .
te	NNS	Heads he won , tails he also won .
te	NNS	The sparkles expand from my hand up my arm and then surround my body .
te	NN	You saw how it was with Ashley ... the moment the serum was in her system , the effect was instant . "
te	NN	The kid 's shoe landed on the step below me with a thump , then rolled down a few more .
te	NN	" Your modesty is amazing . "
te	NN	Hmmmmm ... " Well , this second carton was empty already .
te	NN	An ashtray and lighter sat in the middle of the table .
te	NN	" Where 's this Rob character then ? "
te	NNS	Those mountains are amazing . "
te	NN	The university has a good wide opening into the forum .
te	NN	Anyone who does not have a unit , or can 't find it , is to fall under your command .
te	NNS	His brows drew together , and she swore she felt his arm vibrate with anger under the leather .
te	NN	Nobody here believes that what you have with Sofia will last . "
te	NNS	My head tips back against the pillow as I work to catch my breath .
te	NNS	Emotions he 'd thought long dead stirred within him .
te	NN	True , the temperature rarely got to freezing , but everyone had to stay inside .
te	NN	Rage surged within Noah , but he held tight to his control .
te	NNS	My nerves were buzzing and my thoughts were high , but soon enough , the sun came up .
te	NNS	Cheerful greetings answered Brian 's call from within .
te	NN	Nobody in the lobby even caught a glimpse of me .
te	NNS	Only a few candles lit the room .
te	NNS	There were three distinct sections .
te	NNS	Our spirits are so close that they touch against time , distance and distraction .
te	NNS	Her nipples were taut so that each time she moved , her dress teased with the friction .
te	NNS	Jess couldn 't help herself as she watched .
te	NN	' What did your mum say when you phoned ? '
te	NNS	My brows knit as he puts his jacket on .
te	NN	Another lump rose in her throat .
te	NN	A chime sounded as the elevator settled to a stop with a small shudder of its cage .
te	NNS	Naked branches moved with the breeze , and I imagined that three weeks ago the sound of chattering leaves had filled the air .
te	NNS	Jess pressed two fingers to the spots throbbing above his eyes .
te	NNS	Why did those DNA results have to take so long ?
te	NN	The settee sat opposite the fireplace and he hurried over to it , tipping it onto its back so he could get at the base .
te	NN	" For survival training . "
te	NN	The monkey doesn 't know what it needs , only what it wants .
te	NN	Nobody on the island saw it coming except for the young girl .
te	NNS	" The rightful rulers were just , fair , and listened to the people .
te	NN	Silence hummed again for a few seconds .
te	NN	A killer will serve his time in prison and come out to do it again !
te	NN	In her smile lay pure gentleness .
te	NNS	Our families are from here !
te	NN	Another nurse pointed out the room Gabby was in , and he sprinted toward it , halting in the doorway like he 'd hit an invisible wall .
te	NN	That sweet amber ambrosia cured any ailment and made the laughs come easier .
te	NNS	The tips of his fangs poked down below his lips .
te	NN	And barely resisted the urge to go after Micah and throttle him .
te	NN	Silence stretched between them .
te	NN	Slowly , the gatehouse rose .
te	NNS	The other Knights despise me because I refuse to be part of the Conclave .
te	NN	" I mean , nobody actually even likes - " " Put your hands on your head , " the lieutenant said , his eyes narrowing .
te	NNS	" How long have the alarms been sounding ? "
te	NNS	She looked up , brows lifted .
te	NN	The more apologies I made , the angrier she seemed to get .
te	NNS	The bugs laughed coarsely .
te	NN	A husky moan escaped his lips , setting Renna on fire .
te	NN	If I don 't know where we are going to , nobody else will know until the last moment .
te	NN	Nobody mentioned anything about anyone 's safety .
te	NN	The tearing shockwave forced the air from her lungs .
te	NN	" A member of the Bar and I went out for drinks .
te	NNS	" If that 's one of you idiots playing silly buggers then all bets are off ! "
te	NNS	Sure enough , the princess was only six months old when she was murdered .
te	NN	But his mail began to pile up .
te	NNS	The braves that had been seasoned in war , he put in the middle of the field .
te	NN	Nick 's frown disappeared as his father walked over to the hallway closet and pulled out a wrapped present .
te	NNS	The instructors were either older dancers who 'd been worn down into being choreographers or aspiring dancers looking for a day job to support their auditioning habits .
te	NN	The henchmen paused briefly , swapping curious glances before swapping straight back in realisation they each had their own .
te	NN	The base vet had given him a clean bill of health .
te	NNS	The witches let loose a heart rendering scream and combusted .
te	NN	In this place , a customer couldn 't count on much .
te	NNS	Her tiredness was still evident on her .
te	NNS	The clouds seemed to be reaching down , as if they wanted to touch Teleport 's one hundred foot tall mast .
te	NNS	The grey , rocky mountains contrasted with the pines .
te	NNS	The tremors in the ground abruptly ceased .
te	NNS	There were large fairway bunkers on either side of the fairway about 240 yards .
te	NNS	' Why don 't you gentlemen let me take care of that ? '
te	NNS	Zeus gaped at me , and I stared back .
te	NNS	All the Spacer worlds use this system . "
te	NN	There was the merest hint of cinnamon on the breeze .
te	NN	How could fate hate us so much ?
te	NNS	Demons never really made it close enough to the compound to end up here , but the bars would be impossible to break through .
te	NN	" Yes , well , " Joanna 's disappointment turned into a sickening sweetness .
te	NN	" Honey , that thing 's started more fires than you 'll ever put out , " his aunt teased .
te	NNS	On the vanity in her bathroom stood several prescription bottles , a plastic pill case , and a small zippered kit of some sort .
te	NN	As I sorted through them to find the one marked FD for front door , another vehicle pulled up beside mine .
te	NN	On his face was a breathing mask that was hooked into a respirator machine .
te	NN	Straight ahead , and just outside the cemetery , rose a sheer perpendicular cliff at whose base an immense and forbidding cavern yawned .
te	NNS	Dark brows knitted together , and I realized they too were painted onto his skin in place of the hair that should have been .
te	NNS	Either the residents of the Hotshot community had no pull whatsoever in the parish government , or they just didn 't want visitors .
te	NNS	The tips of my breasts were red and abraded from his mouth and my wrists were still trapped against the wall by his hands .
te	NNS	Gray clouds were gathering on the horizon .
te	NN	French twist in place had slipped .
te	NNS	Magnificent stone slabs rose from the ground in two rings .
te	NNS	Gas stations and fast food restaurants lined the wide street , giving way to a several small strip malls and a grocery store .
te	NNS	The halls between the consulting division and the research division were quiet .
te	NN	My skull felt like it was about to explode .
te	NN	The claw almost always came up empty-handed .
te	NNS	Vampires , as you know , wield a sort of internal magic .
te	NN	Surely , such tumult wasn 't altogether becoming in a woman of her age .
te	NNS	Mantis put his ear to the door , jiggled the handle , and waited .
te	NN	The amount of sheer physical labor which had gone into the construction of the city was staggering .
te	NN	The trunk popped open , followed by three of the four doors .
te	NN	And beyond this ocean was space itself .
te	NNS	" Your sisters said you were pretty angry over the past three weeks . "
te	NN	No other source or predicament could cause such anguish in such a proud animal .
te	NN	Now fate , and the unfathomable administrative processes of the U.S. Army , had decided he would be part of the occupation of Germany .
te	NN	The wire loop around my neck squeezed , cutting off my air .
te	NN	The donkey chasing the carrot was scientists and doctors .
te	NN	A beast roared and slammed at the door as if to punctuate Mihai 's thought .
te	NNS	Such results are hard to readily dismiss . "
te	NNS	Slowly , the larger rocks behind him started to lift off the ground , as Terry willed them to .
te	NN	" Her timing wasn 't great , just coming to this gothic monstrosity when ... " Julia stopped and looked at Ruby then she started again .
te	NNS	Like we were goddamn bots or something .
te	NNS	Near the square are teams of masked and gloved people with horse-drawn carts .
te	NN	The object of his affection beamed at them from behind the office desk .
te	NN	The antique wardrobe turned out to be filled with clothes that were new or rarely worn from the pristine look of them .
te	NNS	But our miraculous coming together as a worldwide , visible force is the greatest proof that he has chosen us .
te	NN	His heartbeat was so loud it was near to drowning his words .
te	NNS	Lukas didn 't like the sudden feral gleam in Fears 's eyes .
te	NNS	Visions of elegant ladies , sophisticated gentlemen and beautiful mansions filled her mind .
te	NN	There was a disturbance in your subdivision last night , around one in the morning .
te	NN	Nobody wanted to give a defense attorney anything to chew on later .
te	NNS	As Sara went down the stairs , the halls seemed sadder , maybe even darker .
te	NNS	Her brows snapped together .
te	NNS	Ten bullets or more have ripped through this guys chest , yet he 's still pulling up the muzzle of his gun !
te	NN	Edward 's glare had Jasper backtracking .
te	NNS	Zeus raised an eyebrow .
te	NN	In orbit , a sensor array on the Ares identified the reflection from his laser and added a modular shelter unit onto the Osprey flight schedule .
te	NN	Her speech is still slurred .
te	NNS	The wizards had no intention of being lean , but were getting as mean as anything .
te	NNS	So adults can maintain control over us ?
te	NN	The malicious medical professional looked curiously down at her .
te	NNS	There were passwords for this exact reason .
te	NNS	Even her teammates were willing to shred her in public during her first year .
te	NNS	Humans had prejudices , but so did the kindred .
te	NN	The swing hung from an old willow tree that had doubled in size since I was kid .
te	NNS	All rights reserved , including the right to reproduce this book or portions thereof in any form whatsoever .
te	NNS	The articles are very helpful .
te	NNS	Footsteps echoed off the stone walls , and Rema scooted in the corner of her cell .
te	NNS	" What conditions were they living in ? "
te	NN	" Everybody has now died in it , but the monster .
te	NNS	His armpits were clammy , his shirt bunching and sticking to his skin .
te	NNS	Brutus pulled her down the foot of the bridge and across the grass to where he sniffed clumps of rock and mud along the bank .
te	NN	Nobody gave us a second glance .
te	NNS	The rumors might be wrong , but if they are , they 're all the same wrong coming from everybody who 's been through .
te	NNS	The students trudged towards Wellington Square .
te	NN	the new cop asks .
te	NN	And your prisoner seems to have lost his bonds .
te	NNS	His dimples set as he shrugged .
te	NN	His ax was the first to draw blood but even his many years experience of warfare , could not break the massive enemy wall .
te	NNS	" There are caves that dot the river .
te	NN	Hungry , possessive look on Jack 's face ?
te	NN	Her windpipe still ached from the pull of the necklace .
te	NN	But after midnight , his primary power signature showed up here , in McLean , followed by a secondary flash .
te	NN	A low groan escaped him ; he lifted her as if she weighed no more than a feather , pulling her tight against him .
te	NNS	Vampires couldn 't touch silver ; the metal caused an extreme allergic reaction .
te	NNS	The government offices were closing .
te	NNS	There were 130 musicians seated in the room and a glass-enclosed control booth where the sound engineers worked .
te	NNS	Often , our own opinions of ourselves are the most unrealistic .
te	NN	Barnes ' influence coursed through his body .
te	NNS	The clouds dissipated , and the darkness lifted .
te	NN	At thirteen his childhood was over and he was now the third adult in the household .
te	NN	Nobody answered , watching Cameron with amazement .
te	NNS	Iris had already disappeared .
te	NNS	Jess liked the idea that David had brought up .
te	NN	Meagan 's heartbeat quickened .
te	NN	An ocean breeze blew the smell of rotting seaweed toward them .
te	NN	This honorable soldier had an execution to carry out .
te	NN	Trouble only comes of that .
te	NN	" Surprised she 's not dead yet , " another fragment floated past .
te	NNS	Justus perceived the all-too-familiar look of a man yearning for something just out of his grasp .
te	NN	Her confidence in me did not transfer .
te	NNS	My nipples hardened instantly and became more sensitive than I ever thought possible .
te	NNS	Three separate lengthy spells , someone would have remembered him .
te	NN	The Stearman clan made the best ships in the solar system .
te	NN	The cool breeze moved Amelia 's hair off her delicate shoulders and around her face and her eyes shone even through the dark night .
te	NN	My aunt usually doesn 't let me sell the ones I make , but she 's not here today .
te	NN	The crew was preparing to set out to sea .
te	NN	Nobody asked you to sit unless there was .
te	NN	Her only solace was in knowing that she would only see him one more week for volleyball .
te	NNS	Was I remembering it ?
te	NN	A red baseball hat is dangling from him fingers and his hair is messed up , like he just ran his fingers through it .
te	NNS	" But rumors are many about Lewis 's last days , about who might have killed him .
te	NNS	Alarm bells rang loud in his head as he bounded down the hallway and pushed open the door to his wife 's old room .
te	NN	Had it not been for their big meeting with the Lord later , the whole affair would have been laughable .
te	NNS	Little black shorts hugged her hips and a small black tank top showed her every curve .
te	NN	If we wait until tomorrow night there 's every likelihood that they will be ready for us . '
te	NN	Our neighborhood has grown so much over the years that new streets seem to pop up every day .
te	NNS	No one notices I 've left .
te	NN	In the kitchen , the coffeemaker pinged to tell her it was finished brewing .
te	NNS	Her brows scrunched together , digesting his way of looking at it .
te	NN	" Heard the doc was gon na drop by again today . "
te	NNS	" Listen , " Rex said sharply , " there 's lots more talents than the four we 've seen , okay ?
te	NNS	Small spells are easy enough - changing your face and stuff - but spells to inflict harm or give protection are not so easy .
te	NN	There 's a customer coming !
te	NNS	Bob Billings , the director leaving , worked part-time in a transitional capacity until Andrea could come aboard .
te	NN	At the same moment , a bead of sweat burst on the older lord 's brow , and his breath quickened .
te	NNS	His powers were waning and with two of them ... Better to be locked here than to fall into the second realm .
te	NN	" The artist has the power to capture that .
te	NN	A simple timer attached to seven sticks of dynamite would be enough to start the violent reaction and bring down his riverside target .
te	NN	The original is apparently now in the hands of the Fuhrer 's surviving staff .
te	NN	Her make-up was heavy and her thick eyelashes fluttered sensually at Stan .
te	NNS	23 Overhead compartments burst open when the 767 swerved onto the runway , spraying carry-on luggage across the main cabin in a deadly hail .
te	NNS	I felt the weight of his gaze on my bowed head , felt the heat of his desire brush my senses like a breath of summer air .
te	NN	His lifeless face floating before hers , dark and grey and distorted in death .
te	NN	" My little mouse is back . "
te	NN	The ribbon of your dress was like a white veil and it was very long .
te	NN	The lover is the father 's mirror .
te	NNS	Some demons even provide themselves with the illusion of love and become romantically obsessed with an individual . "
te	NNS	" When they see me , when they recognize me , their hearts fill with dread , not with listening . "
te	NNS	Thousands of years of existence made the idea of homophobia quaint .
te	NN	In simulator mode , the normally clear windshield and passenger windows dim becoming screens displaying simulated images of battle situations .
te	NN	Her hazel eyes zone in on Micha 's hand tangled with mine .
te	NN	The way the case had been going this morning , Romain had a feeling the nightmare was about to get worse .
te	NN	Fighting , vandalism and nudity sprung from nowhere and despite the unwanted publicity , the college had to call the police .
te	NN	Her admission took him back .
te	NNS	The widows did not need the money .
te	NN	Suddenly , a flood of memories invaded me , and with them came a question .
te	NNS	Servants had cleared a path through the snow blanketing the game park , but the ground was still icy and treacherous underfoot .
te	NN	The needle plunged down and John felt pain as he 'd never felt before .
te	NN	The pillow felt nice against my face .
te	NNS	The musicians began playing a simple , elegant melody .
te	NNS	The results of her osteoporosis tests aren 't back yet .
te	NNS	Zeus wanted her to be our equal .
te	NN	The toe of one of the blue shoes peeped out from under her gown , and Rose couldn 't help herself .
te	NN	His impatience was loud and clear .
te	NN	Nobody wants to hear about how much I worry .
te	NNS	Admittedly , the blocks she jogged on were becoming more and more questionable and Samantha opted to drive to a safer trail or park .
te	NNS	When night fell , the German commanders went their different ways leaving only one guard .
te	NN	Somehow his Italian Wine of the Month Club subscription had followed him to Rome .
te	NNS	The paperwork , finances and everything else involved in getting Mom settled in assisted living had been time-consuming and often frustrating .
te	NNS	Cushioned in a thick , dark towel , dozens of small vials rolled around harmlessly as I pulled the drawer out as far as I could .
te	NNS	Jess could easily offer up her body to drive me crazy , but this simple touch made her nervous and unsure .
te	NN	A waiter brings me a cup of coffee before I open my books and look at the test .
te	NNS	But then the clouds parted and Sandcastle City appeared like a mirage .
te	NNS	Two students walked by and greeted him .
te	NNS	His lower lip quivers and he weeps uncontrollably .
te	NNS	My socks aren 't helping me either .
te	NNS	Jess sipped her drink and studied her some more .
te	NNS	Younger students looked at her enviously when he gave them to her .
te	NN	The bell rang a third time and I pulled it open , plastering a wide smile on my face .
te	NNS	About two arm lengths to her left stood Lucan Miles and the other Inquisitors .
te	NNS	Her jittery nerves panicked when Pastor asked what was wrong .
te	NNS	Jess could only wish someday people would tell her how important her books were , but she knew better .
te	NN	A frown creased her brow .
te	NN	Enough so nobody was stumbling around in the dark , but not so much to spotlight desire .
te	NNS	" There are lots of revelations . "
te	NN	But a few minutes later , the ringing started again .
te	NN	A circular driveway paved with AB rock greeted visitors .
te	NNS	Vampires had no idea that they were marked for extinction .
te	NNS	The families who lived on the street had low incomes , but did the best they could with what they had .
te	NNS	His lower limbs changed as he crossed the mosaic floor , turning from hindquarters to legs .
te	NNS	The first few strokes were murder .
te	NN	A sudden impact with the projectile nearly put her on her ass in the dirt .
te	NNS	The veins were almost the color of blood , and he loved the appearance .
te	NNS	The pretty succubus sitting next to Cole spoke up .
te	NNS	The other tenants are amusing , to say the least .
te	NN	The horizon was gaining the colors of dawn .
te	NN	Justin caught up to me , his jumpsuit unzipped to the waist , beer in hand .
te	NNS	This would require thick skin , something Clay did not possess and was not certain he could develop .
te	NN	The corridor is empty and a wave of relief hits me .
te	NN	The sunlight she welcomed before was now annoying her .
te	NNS	My senses came alive .
te	NNS	Visions of her Georgia home chilled the sweat sealing her silk shirt to her skin .
te	NNS	The soles of his low boots left little impression on the hard , dry ground .
te	NN	" And nobody messes with ' em or else they get stung . "
te	NNS	Behind them three trucks had launched off the pavement and were running hard to catch them .
te	NNS	Where the hell had geese , Jesus and vampires come from ?
te	NNS	The two lads grab chairs and assume the same position as Phil , whereas Rachel sits conventionally like me .
te	NNS	The demons that have plagued his bloodline , however , have other plans .
te	NNS	My insides shriveled like plastic wrap in a flash fire .
te	NN	Her makeup was running down her face from where she was starting to cry .
te	NN	Sloane 's right temple throbbed .
te	NN	The bruises will heal .
te	NNS	Zeus leaned back in his chair and sighed .
te	NNS	Anders nodded , sat back , and waited while she called McPherson .
te	NN	A sluggish hum , like a drugged beehive , underlay everything .
te	NN	However , the Utah lab had no knowledge of his experiments .
te	NN	Still nobody saw me .
te	NN	The faintest hint of a grin creased the corners of his eyes .
te	NN	There was no loud groan of the engine , no traffic whirring by alongside us .
te	NNS	The archives had been her true home .
te	NNS	The bullets will pierce anything .
te	NN	A jet of furious fire emerged in a torrent .
te	NNS	Back and forth across the room the combatants raged , smashing the furniture to splinters .
te	NN	The gun 's muzzle was three inches from the kid 's forehead .
te	NN	The charged hum between us intensified , and my chest rose with an exaggerated breath , drawing it in .
te	NN	And this new code is much simpler .
te	NN	There was a chill in the morning air even though it was the beginning of August and I shivered in my inadequate clothing .
te	NN	The principle of this technique is actually very simple .
te	NN	A frown gathered on his brow .
te	NNS	the princess shrugged as she threw a huge ball of black energy at us without a moment 's spare .
te	NNS	Our barriers won 't hold until the solstice . "
te	NNS	My old bones just don 't take to winter like they used to .
te	NNS	His sheets rustled as he shifted in the bed .
te	NNS	The deputies loaded the men into their cars and prepared to take them to jail .
te	NN	There 's no bath tub or shower .
te	NN	The vehicle was now between him and the gunmen .
te	NN	The flashlight 's beam pierced to the back of the small cave , revealing what had been hidden here long ago .
te	NNS	The tips of her toes barely touched the floor .
te	NNS	Still the workers hesitated .
te	NN	The property that backs the Queen 's Residence now belongs to Shira . "
te	NNS	Jess closed his eyes and allowed the feel of her satin skin , the clean feminine scent of her to seep into him .
te	NNS	Pris took a tentative step toward me , her hand reaching out , making a beeline for my arm .
te	NNS	Tiberius stared at them with an appraising eye .
te	NNS	Luckily , Ava 's reflexes were as curious as everything else about her .
te	NN	His rueful admission made my morning complete , and it opened whole new vistas to me .
te	NN	When the command failed , the emperor dropped to the floor and vomited .
te	NN	" My dear cousin , can you not see I have no choice ? "
te	NNS	My ribs showed through my skin .
te	NN	' Don 't give me crap about how to do my job kid . ' '
te	NNS	The other two bullies were home sick for the week .
te	NN	The transfixed glare of men and women bathed her in adoration .
te	NNS	" I 'm sorry , " said Hermes once he 'd finished his horrific story .
te	NN	Spirit didn 't respond .
te	NNS	" Surely computers are - " " Please let me finish .
te	NNS	Within an hour , our stuffs delivered in our place .
te	NNS	Lukas pressed , turning back toward her .
te	NN	" There 's a medal for you in this . "
te	NN	There 's a shortage of alternatives . "
te	NN	Our friendship was still new , and she worried about asking for too much .
te	NNS	The blankets are even harder to keep around than the pots .
te	NN	" The startup phase , or Phase One , will take ten weeks to complete . "
te	NNS	His reactions are quick and he grabs a hold of it again .
te	NN	Fall turned into winter , winter became spring , and summer finally came .
te	NNS	" Jelly beans , they 're worse than booze .
te	NN	" The urgency is that Howie needs an assistant right away . "
te	NNS	The three families almost became one and then separated themselves from the rest of us . "
te	NN	The disease I had didn 't allow me to share the burden with loved ones .
te	NNS	Vampires preferred to talk about other people 's business ; werewolves were a tad more incestuous in their interests .
te	NN	The mural behind the band area showed more palm trees and distant waves .
te	NNS	The firemen thought I was in pain , and a paramedic arrived , ready to administer triage .
te	NNS	" The evenings are long at sea .
te	NNS	That way no more enemy troops can cross over to this side of the river .
te	NN	' Ever the businessman , ' Katherine said before a girl with a press badge and photographer approached .
te	NN	" Well ... childhood wasn 't really fun for him .
te	NN	If he didn 't get her back soon , their entire debate would be moot .
te	NN	Your grandfather said it had rare , magical properties and served as the doorway to eternity .
te	NNS	" Probably lots of them , " Claire said .
te	NNS	" Who are these two individuals ? "
te	NNS	The elements were perfectly recreated and few could produce such a work of art .
te	NNS	The sparkles on Willow 's dress cast an eerie glow on the walls from the reflection of the flames .
te	NN	A quick scan of her surroundings revealed that he wasn 't nearby .
te	NNS	The last reddish rays of the setting sun lit the pink under side of the high clouds .
te	NN	The nurse is still screaming for them to stop , but she doesn 't dare intervene .
te	NN	The Rendezvous brand primarily targeted couples , but there were always singles on board .
te	NN	" A judge , Hank , " Helen said softly .
te	NN	The testosterone on display was almost enough to melt the ice , yet despite their best efforts none of them could keep up with Jack .
te	NN	Where 's your grandfather ? "
te	NNS	Furious with herself , she snatched up the basin and pitcher , thereby spilling some of the water , and fled the room .
te	NNS	" In battle , demons will always go for the dirty move .
te	NNS	Hart 's brows drew down as he listened , again reminding Eleanor of his father .
te	NNS	Your strokes are delicate and intricate , quite an accomplishment with charcoal .
te	NNS	The bells had stopped ringing .
te	NNS	There were some offices too .
te	NNS	Alarm bells rang in Michael 's head , briefly muting the chorus .
te	NNS	Zeus didn 't respond in kind .
te	NNS	Rocks and gravel crunched underneath his soles as he took measured steps onto the slope .
te	NNS	His heart clenched , his insides felt as if they were being flayed open .
te	NN	Nobody could take care of this for me .
te	NNS	Still , there were other bathrooms in the house .
te	NN	" No , fish eat fish .
te	NNS	The grey storm clouds split open , revealing open sky .
te	NN	A friendship that had changed everything , even things she hadn 't wanted to change .
te	NNS	Zeus raised his eyebrows and Angelina immediately felt guilty for saying it .
te	NN	A bolt of lightning streaked through the air , followed by another massive clap of thunder .
te	NN	Tomas 's hand instinctively went to his waist band , but I shook my head gently .
te	NN	The earlier brush of his fingers is completely eclipsed by the strength and surety of his grip .
te	NNS	Heads rotated to glimpse the source of disruption .
te	NNS	Blue veins showed through his weathered skin as he held his left fist low and his right fist high .
te	NN	" Everybody , can you please pay attention ? "
te	NN	The stealth assassin never belonged , but the reason will shatter his every conviction .
te	NNS	The captain said this jokingly , for none of his men were ugly , indeed the sisters found everyone on the ship quite handsome .
te	NN	A ladder ran down the sheer internal wall , allowing the workmen access .
te	NNS	The deer chased after it .
te	NNS	Each time Maggie attempted to move in their direction , toward land or into the lake , the animals barked , hissed , and growled .
te	NN	The baseball cap vanished as the guy rounded a corner .
te	NN	The insistence in the tone drove me forward .
te	NN	Even translated , the meaning lost its depth in the humans ' words .
te	NN	Rain had dripped through a large hole in the roof , warping the old wood .
te	NN	Could her mum be pregnant ?
te	NNS	A soothing coolness cut through the heat in his body , originating at a point on his wrist .
te	NN	That hero medal 's so cool . "
te	NN	They all sat down at the table , each band member had a necklace prominently dangling on a silver chain .
te	NNS	The masuk personnel on the bridge looked puzzled .
te	NNS	The animals sure have missed you . "
te	NN	No amount of pleading would make us change our minds .
te	NNS	Walls seemed to close in .
te	NN	His demeanor seemed cold and hard .
te	NN	Cara 's bulk bolstered my fading hope and her steaming warmth gave me a sense of comfort .
te	NNS	" And there were so many animals , too , like deer and ground critters .
te	NN	A quick scan showed Rachel that the place was mostly empty .
te	NNS	How are your accounts holding up ? "
te	NNS	No more miraculous resurrections , even .
te	NNS	Meanwhile , around them , the clocks that Eliza collected and which decorated every wall in their apartment began to chime the sixth hour .
te	NNS	Mantis smiled at Kenny , knowing Kenny could not see his smile .
te	NNS	Bozo 's tiredness allowed his mouth to continue to run free .
te	NN	A plasma jet over their heads struck the bulk head and the hatch collapsed sealing their exit .
te	NN	Hell , there wasn 't a downside that I could see .
te	NN	A realtor strolled over .
te	NNS	These buildings and its many rooms are still new to me so I wouldn 't be able to show her where Megan is .
te	NN	Ron 's coach blew his whistle and he dashed away .
te	NNS	Impossibly , his shrieks grew even louder .
te	NN	Loss mired his steps as he approached the bedroom .
te	NNS	The day 's proceedings ended hours later .
te	NNS	The last rays of sunlight were disappearing from the mansion , so Tina pulled a lantern from the wall and struck a match .
te	NNS	The monkeys began to scream and throw leaves and twigs .
te	NN	Nobody needs you for that .
te	NNS	Wallis fetched his shepherd 's crook from beside his bunk and moved out into the darkness , towards the pen .
te	NNS	The reporters followed them all the way , still shouting out questions and popping photographs .
te	NN	His complexion was clearly of Native American heritage , but his sharp blue eyes hinted at some European blood in there , too .
te	NNS	The other gentlemen handled a gun easily ; they probably went hunting and target shooting fairly often at country parties like this one .
te	NN	A sharp bolt of lust shot straight to her core .
te	NN	There was a pathetically small sack of clothing positioned neatly in its centre , but no sign of its intended occupant .
te	NNS	" There 's lots of smoke .
te	NN	A soft breeze pushes the umbrella back and forth .
te	NNS	Two other males ran off searching the area , while the suspect on the street and one of the kidnappers dragged the female back inside . "
te	NN	A soil expert , he replied .
te	NN	The deadline was looming ever closer .
te	NNS	Joseph 's dark brows rose .
te	NNS	Her powers might come in useful .
te	NNS	Ares ducked as many as he could before he decided to hold his rifle out front to block the foliage .
te	NNS	Simultaneously , three perfectly round , and precisely placed , .45 caliber holes appeared in the back of Joe 's t-shirt .
te	NNS	" Law enforcement agencies couldn 't operate without snitches . "
te	NN	The waiter came back with two small cups of strong smelling foamy coffee .
te	NN	A split second later , greasy potato chip fingers were on my cheeks , and she lifted my face to hers .
te	NN	A pout curved her mouth downward .
te	NN	The counselor wasn 't listening .
te	NNS	" Normally the witches take a human out of there to prepare them before the ritual , but otherwise the supply is always in the dungeon . "
te	NNS	White sheets covered the furniture in a series of macabre , ghostly shapes .
te	NNS	There was something obscene about the ordinariness of the fare .
te	NN	The only issue I had was that Dr. Lee is a male .
te	NNS	As he continued to haggle with the representatives aboard the Royal Heavens , its occupants stood nearby .
te	NN	And then their moans became shouts , fogging her mind , derailing her good sense .
te	NNS	As the music began , the newlyweds floated across the floor as if their feet weren 't even touching the ground .
te	NNS	My fingertips paused on his skin , feeling his warmth , memorizing the way his every exhale responded to my touch .
te	NN	The wallpaper was old and flowery , the bed quilt thick and hand embroidered .
te	NNS	The jubilant troops had begun to take notice of her .
te	NN	The tracker might be waiting for you right now . "
te	NNS	Aquarius thought to himself , " What is this all about . "
te	NN	Nobody will have to grieve for her loss .
te	NNS	First , rabbits are fairly easy to raise .
te	NN	Apparently , somebody had finally made a decision .
te	NNS	My insides melted a little bit , and it had nothing to do with him wanting me to play naughty librarian with him .
te	NNS	Vimes stared at his desk as they filed out .
te	NN	A pig in white tie and tails would have looked more apropos .
te	NNS	Krauss steps down onto the tracks and goes into the station .
te	NN	The fae observed most of the human laws .
te	NNS	Old habits died hard .
te	NNS	The musicians had distributed the tools and craft had started the show with a lively melody .
te	NNS	His fingertips grazed along my jaw as he leaned in to kiss me .
te	NN	Its amusement rippled all around me .
te	NN	The individual awakes from the attack into a nightmare which they scarcely realize they are experiencing .
te	NN	A chill went down my spine .
te	NN	A soldier escorted Colleen and her parents onto a third disc twice as large as Riddick 's .
te	NNS	Michaels threw up his hands , feeling the splatter of his colleague 's blood as Myers flopped to the ground .
te	NNS	The messages were back .
te	NN	The brute struck him across the face splitting his lip and loosening several teeth .
te	NNS	There are two cans of aerosol insecticide nestled within tissue paper .
te	NNS	There were no common rungs here .
te	NNS	The search parties will not find anything tonight , nor will they run in to any trouble so do not worry about Andrew and your friends .
te	NN	The general talked the court into allowing him to be responsible for Sam , and then he and his wife had taken the boy in .
te	NNS	An awful tiredness crept into in her eyes , spreading to the muscles of her body .
te	NNS	Demons called this investigation attempting .
te	NNS	Butterflies danced beneath my ribcage .
te	NNS	Bits of metal buzzed around him , responding to his Pushes and Pulls .
te	NN	Fucking whiskey making me reminisce about things that did no good .
te	NN	Silence reigned the next few minutes , during which Sye wondered why Eris was still there .
te	NNS	With a crash bottles around the room exploded , showering their grisly contents onto the wooden tables and shelves .
te	NNS	Goodness inquired with a look as innocent as freshly fallen snow .
te	NNS	The Summer courtiers will be arriving soon , and we 'll have a huge party to celebrate the start of winter .
te	NNS	And the rocks are wet , too .
te	NNS	" You were dead the minute the bullets left your gun .
te	NN	The countdown on my BlackBerry had reached twenty four hours .
te	NN	The Alchemist ink could make you obey simple commands and make you susceptible to suggestions .
te	NN	Sex with a scrawny thing like you is no Fourth of July .
te	NN	The little lady needed protection , the old cop had said .
te	NNS	" Millions , " Diego boasted .
te	NNS	Iris retreated to her room to think .
te	NN	A painful lump detonated in my throat .
te	NN	The cop considered this a moment .
te	NN	The clock kept ticking away the minutes .
te	NNS	Michaels passed through without so much as a glance from the guard .
te	NN	The effect was almost shocking .
te	NN	Like mortals have their organs they need to live , our life source is our organ .
te	NNS	After the better part of a minute the bugs were past him and heading toward the ground .
te	NN	The whole atmosphere smelt and felt ... cold .
te	NN	A tall , very dark nurse in a pristine white outfit entered the room in mid-sentence .
te	NNS	Once invisible , the sisters made straight for the general 's circle .
te	NN	" More things than you know , young Nobody Owens .
te	NN	This assignment was more difficult than any death she had ever delivered .
te	NNS	Krauss walks over to the boy .
te	NN	" Easy killer , me and the little one here were just becoming friends .
te	NNS	The gentlemen were beginning to order themselves as to who would shoot first .
te	NNS	The desks that barricaded the door slowly shifted and a dead hand slithered in through the crack in the door .
te	NNS	Her nipples peaked , pushing against her red satin bra and demanding attention .
te	NN	The bathtub in the center of room was larger than I expected and made out of copper sheets banged together in artistic fashion .
te	NN	" Maybe a little , " the pig replied .
te	NNS	The new troops charging into the furious melee quickly turned the tide of battle .
te	NNS	The smaller lions attacked us , leaping from every direction .
te	NN	" Tour guide , " Jeff said , " I 'm assuming this is our highway ? "
te	NN	My patience is growing short .
te	NNS	The stubbornness my father knew Crewe would possess then has not changed .
te	NNS	When I sat down by you , those two scents hit me at once and I knew instantly what they meant . "
te	NN	The interior of the building was equally unassuming , and looked like it hadn 't gotten a style upgrade since the late 1960s .
te	NNS	The odds are overwhelmingly in your favor . "
te	NNS	The grounds seemed peaceful and that made my heart and soul quiet down a bit from the night 's near catastrophe .
te	NN	The presentation ceremony for Xander Raphael , Dante and Tess 's son , who 'd been born just days before the Order 's emergency relocation from Boston .
te	NNS	These students , whose number varies year-to-year , will lead the group and be responsible for galvanizing morale and group unity during the training program .
te	NN	The scout stood and stepped over to his mount .
te	NN	There was a power shift this morning , a little after nine . "
te	NN	The character dissolves and I am free to fix the fence , completing the mission .
te	NN	" Well , nonetheless , " she replied , " there 's no interview scheduled . "
te	NNS	Abruptly his deer reeled its front legs up almost flinging John onto the ground .
te	NN	" Roger 's cousin says - " " That 's why we moved from Golden to Equality , " I said .
te	NN	The only apparent effect was that it caused purple bubbles to creep over the sides of the beaker and drip onto the floor .
te	NN	" My niece , " Cartwright said .
te	NNS	Zeus said , " They are , quite simply , children .
te	NNS	The clusters of trees stood at the ends of the tables , marking various walkways through the greenhouse .
te	NNS	The workmen installed the new windows in record time .
te	NNS	Two cabs were right behind us , plus a whole slew of cars were also entering the beltway .
te	NN	Before the man could answer , a bell went off .
te	NN	Nobody disturbed them there .
te	NN	So , the universe has medical equipment for now .
te	NNS	Across Rome , towers chime midnight .
te	NN	A bright , cheery lobby greeted the travelers .
te	NN	A crow flying by would have to bring his own rations . "
te	NN	My aunt came inside of the apartment .
te	NNS	The sorceress wished to congratulate her in private .
te	NNS	1 Luther M. Siler Smashwords Edition Copyright 2014 Luther M. Siler All rights reserved .
te	NNS	Its strides had moved it some of the distance towards Coral , but he gave no ground .
te	NNS	Iris nodded and went into the kitchen to prepare breakfast .
te	NNS	His limbs felt soft and feathery , like somebody had turned down the gravity , and he was in danger of floating away .
te	NNS	Rocks sailed out of the buildings , raining down around us .
te	NN	That photo of you cheating led them right to where I was hiding .
te	NNS	But in moments , the gunshots faded as they drove away .
te	NN	The painful knot in her stomach only clenched further , seeming to twist her intestines .
te	NN	Then another soldier who waved for the other to be quiet moved forward as best he could on his restless horse .
te	NN	There was a news crew , but they let us pass without pressing for an interview .
te	NNS	The results came back clean , no chemical residue and no evidence of drugs or explosives in Brady 's workplace or condominium .
te	NNS	Most scientists have to be competitive , since we are always battling for resources .
te	NNS	Jess chose that moment to look up at her and smile .
te	NN	If you wanted to look at a human 's past , all a vamp had to do was take a bite .
te	NN	Eve 's turmoil must have reached Alec , because his fists clenched .
te	NN	His beast ran free often .
te	NNS	Most females would 've been weeping . "
te	NN	The electric bolt hit the sleepwalking SFO Smith in the bicep .
te	NNS	No fingerprints on the gun she was holding .
te	NN	If we isolate those signals only , the red dots on the screen will be the dingoes .
te	NN	The lab where Martin worked was another mile north .
te	NN	Before he could hit it , the intercom crackled to life , and he heard a sharp female voice .
te	NNS	As the Lycan lunged at him , the vines lashed out like whips , catching the beasts .
te	NN	Our assailant might not have been solid , but his makeshift weapons were .
te	NN	But there was no stopping this , short of death .
te	NNS	" Exactly , " Born agreed .
te	NN	A low moan of pleasure escaped her as he invaded all of her senses .
te	NN	After a while the disconnected would only be able to answer one question one way .
te	NNS	Besides , the wizards did not believe in making life too easy for people .
te	NNS	Fixed bank loans became worthless overnight .
te	NN	" The informant , a Monsieur Gascoigne , will meet you there .
te	NNS	His senses were all on Gabrielle .
te	NNS	The Brethren are not entirely immune to it .
te	NNS	Or perhaps old ethics remain engrained .
te	NNS	The odds of him coming to look for her were too awful to consider .
te	NN	And then your bell rings out and you come out swinging it and the first thing that came to mind was this girl is a force .
te	NN	I place the pictures back inside the box and shut the lid , then look back up at him confidently and nod .
te	NN	Sex had never been so all-consuming for her .
te	NNS	There were no fingerprints on the gun .
te	NN	But the shade made it ideal for a barbecue once I 'd paved it .
te	NNS	" Alright now troops listen up .
te	NNS	Military helicopters had flown in , armed troops spilling out and forming a perimeter .
te	NN	My Noise rises a little in surprise .
te	NNS	Ahead , office buildings stuck out of the water like islands of concrete and brick .
te	NNS	His stubbornness was pissing me off , except it wasn 't in a bad way .
te	NN	Edward had seen it himself , had been the target of it .
te	NN	" Where is your companion ? "
te	NN	The atmosphere thickened with a putrid , noxious smell .
te	NNS	Years of living in the theater came to my rescue .
te	NN	His cock stretched me , forcing me to accept him , as he fucked me just as I 'd asked .
te	NN	" There was a spike in one of those beams !
te	NN	His confidence was a turn-on .
te	NN	The sweetness of the cake teased my nose .
te	NNS	The masses of the Lok ' Chang set off briskly , headed for the huge dark volcano .
te	NN	Her faith in him had never wavered and he owed her that same respect and dedication .
te	NNS	" State investigators are looking into the pump station fire .
te	NNS	Students graduate , and need to be replaced .
te	NN	" Without the note , the bracelet could conceivably have come from someone peripherally connected to the abduction .
te	NN	The ghost faded and so did the coldness of her touch .
te	NN	The light bulb cracked on the floor .
te	NNS	Over the past twenty minutes , the rain had stopped , the clouds had cleared , the sea had become calmer , but the temperature had dropped .
te	NN	Her companion was charming and the meal passed quicker than any other she 'd had in recent memory .
te	NNS	Tall pines framed it on three sides , with four picturesque trees shading its parking lot .
te	NNS	Mackie 's lids closed over his burning , aching eyes .
te	NN	A rat scurried down the tunnel and pushed frantically past them .
te	NNS	The twelve old fighters roared into the air and split apart , half for the white plane and half for the yellow .
te	NN	The bowl rested next to the large rock .
te	NN	" It won 't hurt , " said the nurse .
te	NN	The bolt could have come straight from Asgard , hurled from the mighty Thor himself .
te	NNS	" Seems riches and glory will be ours soon , my friend . "
te	NNS	In fact , hospitals were generally useless until the whole supportive infrastructure was reestablished .
te	NNS	The splinters spun gently away as time slowed .
te	NN	Anyone in a position of power then got there by spending and spending and buying favor from other people in power .
te	NN	Reggie and Mag 's keep telling me it 's a must go place . "
te	NN	His last host killed herself ?
te	NN	The topic should be Miracle and her father , Stafford Pemberton . "
te	NNS	Feels like we are in LA for an awards night . "
te	NN	The pile was about to fall over .
te	NN	Any sunlight hitting his father might kill him .
te	NNS	Catholic priests welcomed them to attend religious services , and some of them did .
te	NNS	Ares sheaths his sword .
te	NN	There was only one heartbeat of time to see the shiny metal object clasped in Paul 's hand as he turned .
te	NNS	The towers , the steel and the frame plunged into the water .
te	NN	The kaleidoscope in Fallon 's head was starting to produce more than tantalizing glimpses .
te	NNS	The dishes I use at the apartment have a border of yellow roses .
te	NNS	The soles of his loafers were soundless on the gray tile floor of the archive .
te	NNS	The polished , exposed bones that were his fingertips tapped out the seconds on the metal buttons , bleached white hammering out a distinct pattern .
te	NNS	No kings could admit their weaknesses , but they were certainly wise to admit their strengths .
te	NN	" Nobody else touched the card ? "
te	NN	An interesting feature about suffering is its history as the primary tool for extracting meaning from life .
te	NN	A cold draft drifted down the stairwell , causing their clothes to billow and turning their breath into a white mist .
te	NN	There was that parallel to himself .
te	NNS	He didn 't wait , didn 't exchange pleasantries .
te	NN	A stumble was the difference between life and death .
te	NN	The prince watched the man 's scarlet cloak spilling out behind him .
te	NNS	His nightmares had finally ceased ; he hadn 't suffered a single one since his approach to the station .
te	NNS	Michaels said , " Look here . .
te	NN	" This copy is for you to study .
te	NN	Suddenly the magician smote his hand upon his knee .
te	NNS	His fingertips hit bare flesh , sliding in small circles as if he enjoyed the texture of her skin .
te	NN	There 's a great shout from the direction of the beach , which I find oddly unsettling .
te	NN	His beard started to show strands of white through his dark brown color .
te	NNS	Goodness nodded , her movements emphatic .
te	NNS	Jess screamed as we headed away from the stage .
te	NN	A reedy gasp sets my hairs on end .
te	NN	And last night , my grandfather told me . "
te	NN	The alarm clock would ring soon enough .
te	NNS	Other marines began to avoid him .
te	NNS	Lightening bugs flickered on and off as they buzzed around the small grotto I had awakened in .
te	NN	The tiny infant smiled at her for the briefest of moments before beginning to cry .
te	NNS	There were thirty students on the camping trip and all of them were assigned to groups of four , except Lilly and me .
te	NNS	And my powers as a witch vanished .
te	NN	That strange fury washed through her again .
te	NN	Anyone have any questions ? "
te	NN	The rat on whose tail you stomped moved and blocked the entrance .
te	NNS	Lucien 's brows drew together .
te	NN	his crew shouts as they raise their coconuts to salute him in agreement .
te	NN	" Where 's the mounting block ? "
te	NN	The penetrating beams of sunlight tormented my aching head , but also brought me into realization .
te	NNS	Zeus sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose .
te	NNS	Colors of purple pierced bright oranges and deep dark reds the color of blood .
te	NN	His name was Curlew , the little pin on his pocket said .
te	NN	" The diamond medallion grants the user , in effect , all three . "
te	NNS	Faces of kids she 'd spent the last twelve years with lined the rows .
te	NNS	One moment Ares is in front of me , and the next he 's sprawled out beside the fire .
te	NN	The next night a girl servant was waiting for him to wake up .
te	NNS	replies Edith , unimpressed , before ousting every speck she can detect and dispatching the offending intruders onto a paper napkin .
te	NNS	There are animals so tiny you can 't see them without enhancement .
te	NNS	Aquarius pointed at Bobby 's monitor motioning for him to look at the picture on the screen .
te	NNS	The stations were mere floating islands of light .
te	NN	As I approached , the occupant of my seat turned to look up at me .
te	NNS	The locals saw it as a matter of fairness .
te	NNS	I cradled the dress in my arms , the crystals grazing my fingers .
te	NNS	An icy numbness flowed through my body and the pain on my wrists was momentarily eased .
te	NN	The mask went away and Caesar leaned over to pick up his toga .
te	NNS	Dim sun rays broke through from above as Kev pulled onto Kate 's street .
te	NNS	There were no blind dates in my future , game or no .
te	NN	Talon flung open the door , ready for battle .
te	NN	As the ground broke and crunched beneath their feet , a dull hum began in their ears .
te	NNS	At that moment , the deer suddenly cuts hard left into some thick brush , avoiding the swipe , and the tiger screeches to a halt .
te	NNS	My jeans were tattered and stained , streaks of grass rubbed across the knees .
te	NNS	Many locals believe the city is cursed and has a history of death .
te	NNS	Jess knew they were being hunted .
te	NN	The atmosphere was so casual at Duke 's place that she began to wonder what she 'd been so uptight about .
te	NN	" The loop , " he says .
te	NN	His conscience told him to put any thoughts of a possible liaison between himself and Corinne far from his mind .
te	NNS	The tools looked old and decrepit .
te	NNS	There are lots of ways that a man can go through money quickly . "
te	NN	Panic flooded her , and she tried to slam it .
te	NN	A rattle from the gate made Tessa look up .
te	NN	The editor of the university paper had glanced at it , and immediately vetoed publication as not being in the public interest .
te	NN	So will the numerical superiority be enough ?
te	NNS	Swords flew until bodies and other things started dropping from the sky and falling hard to earth .
te	NNS	Jess felt the tears fill her eyes .
te	NNS	Demons were liars and tricksters , but when he smacked his lips , it wasn 't a lie or a trick that he tasted .
te	NN	But probably the smoking hole .
te	NN	The dagger singed a jagged black mark into the leather , and his arm and hair caught fire .
te	NN	Now if y ' all will excuse me , duty calls . "
te	NN	For its size , the electronic device was heavy .
te	NN	The flower on the shoulder was even bigger than I remembered .
te	NN	The Gate is the last thing I 'm concerned with .
te	NNS	Illuminated by artificial lights the transports looked like huge metallic buildings .
te	NN	' Everybody does that once in a while , mother . '
te	NN	" I don 't understand how she flunked her English test , " a parent had protested earlier .
te	NNS	Fire trucks had arrived and Luke had gone out to meet them and brought them around back .
te	NN	For a moment even communication in the web was unnecessary .
te	NN	Any sale of our mortgage requires my consent , and I won 't consent to it . "
te	NN	The hovercraft resembled the cabin of an airplane , except the seats extended horizontally instead of vertically .
te	NNS	The legions will be joining us .
te	NNS	Two intense cones of light struck out from the ship , piercing through the darkness .
te	NN	What did the hero do ? "
te	NN	The last text she sent to Xavier was a half hour prior to her arrival .
te	NNS	All articles and services concerned the teenagers .
te	NNS	Humans confused that with the sex trade ; hence , the rumors .
te	NN	' Anyone got any money ? '
te	NN	The upstairs crew , including Joshua , continued to wait for Bonnie .
te	NNS	My lumps and slices went to ice .
te	NNS	Their systems are more complex than I 'm used to .
te	NN	An array of weapons hung from the walls in between arched windows .
te	NNS	The masculine scents of tobacco , spice , and a hint of grapefruit hit her nostrils and affected her like she 'd dropped into a Godiva factory .
te	NN	The nurse didn 't know , but suggested it was probably going to be an fMRI .
te	NNS	Then the shields crashed together .
te	NNS	Vampires don 't exist . "
te	NNS	As each table passed by Cheryl , the seated skeletons slowly turned their heads toward her .
te	NNS	His eating habits were atrocious and he knew it .
te	NN	An indistinct and incoherent , muffled shout came from outside the flat .
te	NNS	Len 's brows furrowed .
te	NN	With 65 % of all soil on earth showing signs of degradation , composting and worm farming present an opportunity to return nutrients to their source .
te	NNS	" Our monitoring stations started picking up transmissions yesterday , aimed towards the stratosphere .
te	NNS	The powers granted to the Daughters are hereditary , passed from mother to daughter over many generations ( the name is apt in so many ways ) .
te	NNS	Late in the evening , when the lights were dimmed and the room was cold and quiet , Cassie 's vitals fell .
te	NN	The loud hum of voices filled the ball park .
te	NN	After eating the meal , the Best Man and Matron of Honor proposed toasts to the happy couple .
te	NNS	When she had been in the palace , out of the rays of the sun , those freckles had almost disappeared completely .
te	NNS	No matter what the skeptics say , full moons drive people and animals wacko .
te	NNS	The clouds were heavy with rain .
te	NNS	Rocks and sticks littered the shore .
te	NNS	Tallis turned to kiss me on the cheek .
te	NN	Her argument was sound .
te	NNS	Humans put a lot of rules on us , but one we make them obey is : Don 't touch the cubs . "
te	NN	Our own file was thick with incriminating evidence , albeit mostly circumstantial .
te	NN	Upon this platform a golden podium glittered dully in the torch light .
te	NNS	But such bliss could not last .
te	NN	The area code seemed oddly familiar .
te	NN	The abbot pledged his word -- a promise he never kept .
te	NNS	The adults would sit on folding metal chairs and the kids would sit on the floor at the front .
te	NNS	The dishes aren 't mine either . "
te	NN	And , indeed , in the sky there is a clock , and the ticking of freshly minted seconds flows out from it .
te	NNS	My insides froze as " let you go " wormed through my brain .
te	NNS	His biceps bulged over his hands .
te	NN	I glanced back at our table and found Sylvia staring at me again , her fork held loosely as if forgotten , her eyes wide .
te	NN	The bus stopped and Lewis got on .
te	NN	My complexion had darkened quite a bit , and I was very glad .
te	NN	A modern , round sofa faced a fire in the middle of the generous open space , like a small gladiator arena .
te	NNS	Extra branches serve to add camouflage and more protection from the wind .
te	NNS	As you know , there are several groups that do not feel that Jesus is the messiah .
te	NNS	Zane 's brows rose .
te	NN	There was a confidence in them which made him frown .
te	NNS	The cows feed themselves , after all . '
te	NNS	Dreams were just subconscious images that could be easily manipulated .
te	NN	A silver object bounced into the room .
te	NN	Even your childhood couldn 't have been that abnormal . "
te	NN	As he shoves it into the ground , the cylinder fills up with dirt .
te	NNS	Demons are often a mix of animals .
te	NN	A frown settles on his face .
te	NN	There was a ful tumbler of water right beside her , on the nightstand .
te	NN	Rolf 's sneer told her that he knew Hector was more than just a friend now .
te	NNS	Here your services should be of great value as you know this land so well .
te	NNS	Prometheus nodded again and pushed the group toward the door .
te	NNS	The gloves were right there , too .
te	NNS	Dark holes that led into the wall and if I plugged something in , the machine would spring to life .
te	NNS	The towers had no such escape routes .
te	NN	Again , the ladder shifted and she held on tight as Sebastian pulled the ladder up the pipe , removing Madeline 's only way of escaping .
te	NN	In her experience all cooks were short and round or tall and round or round and round .
te	NNS	Jess shot his friend a shut-up look , but he stopped teasing her .
te	NN	The acceptance she 'd felt earlier was little more than a vague memory .
te	NNS	Ten metres away stood the baby 's mother .
te	NN	The whiskey was really for the celebration between Professor Gabor and himself when Gabor finished decoding the message .
te	NN	A startled shout escaped him before he tumbled backward .
te	NN	A slight crease appeared upon his forehead .
te	NN	Everybody in the house is scrambling from room to room , my sisters and Xavier all charge into the den with Nathan and me .
te	NNS	Our elbows touch but he doesn 't pull away .
te	NN	A curtain of curly hair shielded her face from his view .
te	NN	There was a snap .
te	NNS	Warm droplets of blood splattered my face .
te	NN	The makeup she was wearing was badly smeared , by both tears and rough treatment .
te	NNS	The tree 's branches had no leaves , and were barren , but strong .
te	NN	The elevator bell rang ; the doors rolled open ; and the elevator car deposited Morgan on the seventh floor .
te	NN	" A diamond mine . "
te	NN	There isn 't enough oxygen .
te	NNS	The bears and the fairy frog ran after the little girl .
te	NN	A bolt of red-hot lust slammed from her pulse and straight to her belly .
te	NNS	While ordinary people struggled to find a way off the world , criminals and opportunists could do nothing but take advantage .
te	NN	His Honor then decided that a separate court reporter would be used to type descriptions of the exhibits .
te	NNS	Hunters were probably scouring the city limits for me .
te	NN	This loop of yours will not end .
te	NNS	As she turned around , her brows rose : She was looking at a waterfall not thirty feet away .
te	NN	My television crew , positioned out in the square with special cameras , indicates that they 're ready .
te	NNS	Zeus was sitting at the table with a cup of coffee clasped in his hands .
te	NN	The criminal element apparently understood survival , and well knew what an absolute monarch with the full support of the people could do for them .
te	NNS	Vampires aren 't people .
te	NN	A dagger glinted from his fist .
te	NNS	' Impossible for her to go otherwise and she wants to go . ' '
te	NNS	Water droplets danced off the ceiling and speckled Shannon 's jumpsuit .
te	NN	The scooter is a traveling devise sailing you from the top of the ice cliff down into the deep ocean .
te	NNS	Gladys was alive and apparently well .
te	NNS	A few minutes later , all three witches arrived .
te	NNS	Millions had gathered to witness this historic moment ... security was high .
te	NNS	Two deputies met them at the door .
te	NNS	The tenants I so fondly thought of as my grateful subjects had to be compelled to pay their just debts , sometimes fearful , always resentful .
te	NNS	The princess looked at the motherly little woman , a bit startled by the iron in her voice .
te	NN	The low gravity of Ganymede also seems to have affected our taste buds because we use lots of spices .
te	NNS	The visions that had been blissfully absent while she 'd been held captive had come back before the chaos had settled and survivors were toted away .
te	NN	" I 'm sorry , " the innkeeper said , approaching their table meekly .
te	NNS	Aquarius shouted , trying to be as brief as possible in this dangerous situation .
te	NN	There 's no hat like the hat you make yourself .
te	NN	The squeak of sodden boots replied .
te	NN	Gods , the beast chewed on anything !
te	NN	Reluctantly the rattle subsided .
te	NNS	The 100 rabbits here are a breed called New Zealand Whites .
te	NNS	The corners of his lips jerked slightly downward just half a moment before he pressed both of his lips together into a thin line .
te	NNS	Vampires thrived on the pain of others .
te	NN	Surely some agreement or truce would come from it ?
te	NN	The vehicle picked up momentum , and Tom fought to stay on the road .
te	NN	A mild breeze floats the white curtains like clouds .
te	NN	The makeup she wore made her look older and less fresh .
te	NNS	Shadows spread out before her on the sand , moving and shifting , forming into almost recognizable images , then vanishing from sight .
te	NN	The shack was still in sight .
te	NNS	Even still , the results were disappointing .
te	NN	That flaw insured his emotional safety , kept him from making any commitments .
te	NNS	Pris reached for Dani 's hand and clenched it in hers .
te	NNS	The selfish wildness that had infused him when he 'd realized he 'd lost the Collar whirled into one tight focus .
te	NN	The pit bull lunged insanely .
te	NN	A disgusting snicker too sharp for my ears pierced through them , all the way to my brains .
te	NN	Anyone else , he was sure , would have burst out laughing .
te	NN	But the universe doesn 't decide what 's right or not right .
te	NN	My grandfather 's on the council with Jacob 's dad .
te	NN	" There 's no shortage of volunteers .
te	NN	" Sex is serious . "
te	NNS	Further to the right of the Duke stood three young maidens , all wearing fine dresses , impressive jewellery , and beautiful attire .
te	NN	The impeccably dressed standard bearers that led her way to the Great Hall bounced along in their red tunics and black hose .
te	NNS	Vampires and werewolves existed in fiction , not in real life .
te	NN	" The mouse bumped into me coming up from behind .
te	NN	Was this survivor lust ?
te	NNS	The males of his clan had returned to find the smoldering remains of their village ... the scattered bodies of their children and women .
te	NNS	The reporters hurled questions , but suddenly one of Paulson 's aides tapped his shoulder and pushed a phone toward him .
te	NNS	" No ants , " Austin stated .
te	NN	A third nurse , another man , promptly emerged from a nearby ward and completed the barricade .
te	NNS	There were a few camera flashes and only two bright lights for video .
te	NNS	Above their heads , the clear Texas skies permitted an unhindered view of its infinite magnificence .
te	NN	They bestowed a view of an ample but elderly cleavage descending toward him , the chemise the woman was wearing parting like the Red Sea .
te	NNS	Raging plumes of fire shot in all directions , engulfing the entire pack in the blazing inferno and burning them to ash .
te	NN	A young soldier sat down beside Serenity .
te	NNS	Her two cabin mates looked shocked when Kylie arrived .
te	NN	A capital filled with frivolous banners , set on a huge port .
te	NNS	A few strangers walked past us into the inn and yet none came out .
te	NN	This fatigue was of an entirely different sort .
te	NNS	" Cold tacos are good , too . "
te	NNS	Helen scanned the page , ran her fingers down the columns for address and occupation .
te	NNS	Two other passes led into the Vale .
te	NN	My companion turned to me .
te	NNS	There were few draught animals , and most of the materiel was carried on the backs of the soldiers and their women .
te	NN	The café was largely empty , since only students who didn 't have class were here , so not an eye was on me .
te	NNS	" After they got that new fence the fires stopped burning when the wind blew over the town .
te	NNS	" Your powers are strong , Charlotte , but they are dangerous if you cannot control them .
te	NNS	Voices echoed faintly within the pipe .
te	NNS	How old are these vines ?
te	NN	Even the giant lizard couldn 't hold a candle to that moment .
te	NNS	The buildings on three sides were three stories tall .
te	NNS	" My private affairs are my own business , Marianne . "
te	NN	A small flock of gray gulls hung motionless , gliding into the breeze .
te	NN	His grandson was already a failure and could only see a bleak future ahead of him .
te	NNS	That many cattle can 't just disappear into thin air . '
te	NN	" Your majesty , " she said humbly , inclining her head .
te	NNS	Her concerns for Perry and Miranda took a backseat to wanting to lean her head on his chest and feel his arms around her .
te	NN	The basement was enormous .
te	NNS	" Millions , " volunteered Ricky .
te	NN	The realization of it hit them .
te	NNS	The veins in his neck stood out as he shouted .
te	NNS	The tips of my fingers brushed against his when I accepted the glass .
te	NNS	Michaels had already taken the one on the left .
te	NN	The punch bowl crashed to the floor and red juice splashed everywhere , running along the grains in the hardwood .
te	NNS	The maidens lock hands , and Serena pulls Cordelia closer to the cliffs .
te	NN	A frown marred Miranda 's expression .
te	NN	As with Selena 's attack the vast amount of energy moved slowly , seemingly restricted by its own mass .
te	NN	A low groan escaped his lips and his weight shifted slightly .
te	NN	Her stubborn pride would never allow her to follow that course of action , even though it was exactly what she wanted to do most .
te	NNS	His lyrics are incredible . "
te	NNS	More crashing came from the depths of the room .
te	NN	Their benevolent disposition often made them enter the cottages of the poor .
te	NN	The bus rocked on its springs a little , but that was all .
te	NNS	Tallis just shook his head while smiling .
te	NN	There was a syndrome called hypochondria , Andrew knew , in which you felt that you were suffering from conditions that in fact you did not have .
te	NNS	There are no inheritance taxes , either .
te	NNS	The many folds of a dream , like threads in a bowstring .
te	NNS	Now , turkey vultures aren 't a rare sight .
te	NN	Durante 's deep purr short-circuited her turmoil .
te	NN	Luc 's shout echoed down the long hall .
te	NN	There was a tangible intimacy between them that surprised her .
te	NN	" There is a cardinal rule to the success of every enterprise of life .
te	NN	Panic stole Emma 's breath , but that split second brought clarity .
te	NN	After a minute , the mist became a dark gray , almost black mirror .
te	NNS	The sharp grey rocks had been harder to climb than expected .
te	NNS	Her NRO instructors had driven it into her subconscious .
te	NN	The confidence I 'm exuding on the outside doesn 't exist on the inside .
te	NNS	My client 's scores in the combat jumper training program are part of the court record .
te	NN	He tilted his head to one side , considering me , his weathered face impossible to read .
te	NN	For a brief period the prince would walk among them , only to be lost yet one day return , bringing forth light from the darkness .
te	NNS	All the computers were in use , too .
te	NN	A basket rattled out of the mouth of an alleyway , saw them , turned smartly and shot off across the square .
te	NN	Then the yacht pulled away and headed out to sea .
te	NN	" Told me to fix the fence before yer let all ' is sheep out , " the prisoner said , and went on working .
te	NNS	The garden paths were Quinn 's retreats whenever he and his brother quarreled .
te	NNS	The beige and bright white accents of the room made the abstract artwork on the walls seem like they were painted right where they hung .
te	NN	" Your faithful Indian companion said to inform you that the contemptible chap who followed you here is off on the next flight to Boston .
te	NNS	The secretaries occasionally shoot her a disapproving look , but nobody seems to say anything to her .
te	NN	The drawer held the usual suspects .
te	NN	Nobody goes out of their way to visit me in my own home . "
te	NNS	Only her trainers had ever seen her fighting skills , and they had never praised her like this - like it really mattered .
te	NNS	I looked back to see Aiden sitting on the edge of the tub , his elbows resting on the knees of his long nylon shorts .
te	NNS	The demons screamed and snapped , but every inch he gained , he shoved the table toward them , keeping the barrier in place .
te	NNS	" The Imperial Palace scientists spoke of generating an electromagnetic field to take the planet from Valeria long before the supernova approaches . "
te	NN	But the casket , and the memory of her father 's funeral , had vanished as soon as she had opened to scream .
te	NN	There was a collective gasp when the players showed off their wounds .
te	NN	" And nobody knew you were there ?
te	NN	Here ... " Another mechanic was busy working on a Honda that was up on one of those hydraulic lifts .
te	NNS	The notes soothed him and gave him a sense of hope .
te	NN	The throng of men halted halfway down the stairs .
te	NNS	The T-shirts we had on weren 't quite the right look to incite the type of antagonism that would rid us both of pent-up frustration .
te	NN	But I must warn you , there is one issue which must always be taken into account during battle .
te	NN	When they started back , the tide was rolling in .
te	NNS	The swirls of paint on her cheek compressed as her grin grew .
te	NNS	Colored stone walkways criss-crossed through lawns and gardens decorated with elaborate fountains and statues .
te	NN	Nobody came to the door .
te	NN	The hum shot to a sharp whine ; the boots stopped outside her enclosure .
te	NN	The planet 's autonomous defensive satellite net broadcasted its warning for the second time : You are entering restricted space .
te	NN	The scientist smiled at him .
te	NNS	Both teams lined up along the side lines , took their helmets off , and faced the huge flag at the eastern end of the stadium .
te	NN	Case flung open the door and moved to an empty room .
te	NN	the scientist asked Nameless Andrew quietly .
te	NNS	There are three basic grades .
te	NNS	" Because of course the Horde dragons must be as vile a gang of liars as the Southland dragons . "
te	NNS	His brows came together .
te	NN	The fever wasn 't abating , and the added warmth of the stone might easily be doing harm .
te	NNS	Could the spiders eat those , too ?
te	NN	A knot formed in the pit of her stomach .
te	NN	The impact of the bullets knocked the guide clean off his feet and over the edge .
te	NN	" A crow , quite possibly guided by a Druid , was feet away from us today .
te	NNS	The bases were wide , and as the buildings climbed into the sky , they became narrower and branched off to connect to other buildings .
te	NNS	Butterflies rioted in her stomach as she stared at his outstretched hand .
te	NNS	My insides felt tied in knots .
te	NN	A flicker of fear replaced the anger in Paris 's eyes .
te	NNS	Their guns traced left and right and up and down , fast and random and tense .
te	NN	" No sign of an injury , you 'll notice , " the mirror ghost said .
te	NN	A sudden chill iced her insides .
te	NNS	But the paparazzi is part of the deal . "
te	NNS	Years of negligence and trimming of services had conditioned the people there to believe that was what it was always like .
te	NNS	The sled 's runners crunched dried needles , scraping parallel ravines into the icy snow .
te	NN	The nurse led her through a hallway with glass-walled cubicles .
te	NN	A jumble of fragmentary memories came back to him . "
te	NN	The mark enabled her to heal super fast .
te	NNS	The dresser 's drawers were partly open .
te	NNS	The students dress accordingly with expensive clothes and shoes .
te	NNS	There are systems set up to help people locate their birth parents after adoption , and vice versa .
te	NNS	The priestess grabbed Medusa 's hand , pulled her to her feet , and twirled the girl in circles until she finally smiled .
te	NNS	There were symbols on the dark , outer box .
te	NNS	" Well , there were many different groups of sea traders ; some still operate today .
te	NN	Her imagination really was running wild .
te	NN	" The inhabitants hid this kingdom from the royalty that had been placed on Earth long ago . "
te	NN	The killer didn 't moan or groan , nor scream , or cry out in pain .
te	NNS	Six altogether , four of them linked directly with red , including the most likely candidate for Ambience . "
te	NN	The tracker made it surprisingly far into the forest , just kept dragging himself further , finally stopping to die behind a large bush .
te	NNS	There were no mountains , and the hub of all activity seemed to be the castle .
te	NN	Pulling back the covers , a moan escaped from my lips when I found him to be naked underneath against the sheets .
te	NNS	The deer cross the road wherever they please and they don 't care whether it 's a four-lane highway or a logging path through the woods .
te	NNS	Many gentlemen would have insisted that the entire subject was unsuitable for a woman .
te	NN	Her disbelief was clear in her tone .
te	NNS	Humans did not like that .
te	NN	The inhabitants reluctantly accepted her refusal but were determined to honor their new brothers and sisters .
te	NN	Sitting down , my heart rate quickens .
te	NN	The sharp sting heightened my awareness of him .
te	NN	The breeze blew harder .
te	NN	There was a high , golden throne shaped like a sphinx .
te	NN	The soldier in the claws gave a pained smirk .
te	NNS	There are methods of determining the exact fineness of such bars .
te	NN	" If it can 't , removal of the tooth and the sac would be the only way to stop the pain . "
te	NN	Nobody entered the building except for the guards , and Father Jonas finished his proclamations just outside of the door .
te	NN	There was a chill on the wind that sent goosebumps rising along her arms .
te	NNS	My nails formed deep impressions on my palms .
te	NNS	" What are the odds ? "
te	NNS	Jess sighed , not bothering to pretend he didn 't know what Logan was talking about .
te	NNS	These powers , these abilities - already I can ' t imagine not having them.This is my destiny .
te	NNS	The Darkness knew , females had them .
te	NNS	I 'm just here to ink you , " Beans mumbles , transfer ready .
te	NNS	There are dozens of them down there , swarming .
te	NN	Then again , maybe the jerk did actually give out prizes .
te	NNS	Just as your sisters enjoyed watching mine . "
te	NN	A personal tragedy , however , turned him from that course and made him a man feared by half the world .
te	NNS	Needless to say if the chambers do not work as planned , due to food requirements the bunkers will only be able to hold 2,000 individuals .
te	NN	And your prisoner seems to have lost his bonds .
te	NN	From that location , Gene 's best vantage was toward those sitting in front of him on the right side of the church .
te	NN	Truth and reality are not ze absolutes you think they are . '
te	NN	When the submarine 's captain arrived in the sonar room , the technician piped a live sonar feed over a small set of speakers .
te	NNS	" There 's lots you can do without your hands . "
te	NN	The killer had to be a partner ; had to be someone that McKay would at least be willing to meet and might not have considered dangerous .
te	NN	" Yeah , smoking is a deal killer for me , too . "
te	NNS	Two students rush off to get help .
te	NN	The slope was quite steep around the palace walls , which gave advantage to its defense line .
te	NN	No surveillance device that we were aware of was capable of hacking beyond a password protected hard drive .
te	NN	" My identity , my past , everything is changing and it all feels like some kind of dream .
te	NNS	Outside of the school gates the other students were saying their goodbyes and heading off home and some onto the school bus , while I waited around .
te	NNS	There were several machines cutting and drilling into rocks or , much like vacuum cleaners , sweeping up rocks .
te	NN	That basement wasn 't too bad . "
te	NN	She darted across the floor , grabbed the metal flask and scurried backwards , a wince distorting her features as she gripped her left shoulder .
te	NN	The brush tipped her cheek , leaving a splotch of paint .
te	NNS	Raul 's brows fell .
te	NN	He looked up at me , his disappointment and insurmountable need pouring over me .
te	NNS	His expression was grim , his brows pulled together .
te	NN	There 's a small sack draped over her wrist with the cast .
te	NN	" The implant went well . "
te	NN	Silence reigned as her grandfather stared back at her with a thoughtful frown .
te	NNS	That was freedom , no loans needed , no putting off checking the voice mail .
te	NN	The warm biochemical deluge made her clutch at any straw to justify her fiancé 's outlandish ego , which could fill a stadium on its own .
te	NN	The innkeeper , a fat old man who smiled at everything , bowed and gave them the guest register to sign .
te	NNS	Then the princess went into the Heart Chamber .
te	NNS	" Sometimes my jokes are taken too seriously and misunderstood .
te	NN	There was a pink Hamptons t-shirt , some navy blue gym shorts with ' Hamptons ' scrawled across the back in white , and a ball cap .
te	NN	The code was easy enough to figure out .
te	NNS	" The brave princess of the docks is here to grace us with her presence . "
te	NNS	" The Southland dragons haven 't arrived because she hasn 't called to them .
te	NNS	All other life forms on board are of the crew .
te	NNS	The adults ordered coffee and since a half dozen plain doughnuts happened to be on special , they had two plain ones each .
te	NN	His refusal to return her calls after he 'd abandoned KCL had closed that door .
te	NN	And besides , the season 's over .
te	NNS	The beans kept me feeling warmer for half an hour or so , but then the chill crept in .
te	NN	The Marshal 's Edge rippled with lightning as it danced along the blade in answer to some subtle trigger from its master .
te	NNS	There were regular reports , but they stopped not long before we showed up .
te	NNS	So far as I know , beetles cannot swim , and there is no other way to get from there to here . "
te	NN	The chill covered her body like a second skin .
te	NNS	On a winter 's morning , hungry cattle should have made their impatience loud and clear .
te	NN	Her moans were soft , and he swallowed each one , taking them into his body to hold forever .
te	NNS	My aunt Mags got right to the point .
te	NN	He paused in thought as he finished , then gave all the side tables and shelves one last scan .
te	NN	Everybody with a clear shot hit him , from what I heard .
te	NN	" Priestess Cassandra lives at Marie 's place , " my companion insisted .
te	NN	Just an outdated diner and some Mom and Pop store that sold candy by the pound .
te	NN	The general stepped back .
te	NN	The universe diluted it .
te	NN	With a stupendous roar the beast raised his arms above his head .
te	NNS	Endless nights of allowing myself only three hours of sleep had left me exhausted , and something inside me finally gave way .
te	NNS	Just as quickly , orbs of all shapes and sizes flared to light around me .
te	NNS	Anonymous or no , the trail was there .
te	NNS	The adults went straight to the truck , and we left in a hurry .
te	NN	And nobody could hide forever .
te	NN	The crow on the ragged shoulder eyed her , unblinking , as she bent down , bringing her mouth close to the hooded cowl .
te	NNS	Zeus pranced toward Ben as if to say , I 'm so happy you 're home !
te	NN	The consideration that I was wearing just a plain pink t-shirt and matching shorts quickly brought me back to reality .
te	NN	She could hear the change in his breathing , knew he was feeling the same crush of excitement .
te	NNS	Their bones lay scattered over the ground , a reminder that death comes to all creatures , great , or small .
te	NN	The bus pulled up behind a few other school busses in the great round parkway in front of the museum .
te	NN	No hint of colour except in two corners of the room where fish gurgled together in a large turquoise sea of paradise .
te	NNS	Colors shrugged , and looked apologetic .
te	NNS	Humans were so easy to control .
te	NN	But then the earl had left for a season of hunting , as if her sacrifice were nothing .
te	NN	The commotion of lights had increased since entering the thrift store .
te	NN	My dick twitches every time I see her doing that .
te	NN	The season felt most attracted to should determine what to wear .
te	NNS	Small town cons were hard to pull off .
te	NN	A soft but solid thump on the table brought me to my senses and I turned round and looked at Jeff , and then at the table .
te	NNS	The numbness was more essential in some places than in others .
te	NN	Then even Ron Gold 's loan wouldn 't save the paper .
te	NN	The gravity of his voice made the fine hairs on her body rise .
te	NN	The hum of prayer spread like a chant through the square , the crowd swayed while their pitch rose .
te	NNS	Then , the alarm bells started going off in her head .
te	NN	Before I could answer , the flock of blackbirds scattered , screaming , into the air , diverting Aunt Sarah 's attention .
te	NN	The judge looked down at some papers spread in front of him .
te	NNS	Jess laughed , looking out over the dark , empty city .
te	NNS	There 's tons of it up there in that rock wall ! '
te	NNS	Friends with benefits are all the rage .
te	NNS	By the garden wall , crouching firemen were tightly gripping a bucking hose .
te	NNS	With night goggles in place , the sentries looked like mysterious grasshoppers peering out at the jungle .
te	NN	The water was a deep cold blue , occasionally a small bubble would break the surface , where or what , it came from was unknown .
te	NNS	She didn 't require the power of some supreme being to fight her battles , her powers were supreme .
te	NNS	" Jelly beans , " he agreed and kissed down my neck and then farther down after that .
te	NNS	" Even the Temporal Studies Society scientists think it 's impossible . "
te	NN	A soft breeze washed through the cave stirring the damp air .
te	NNS	The simple spells were harder for her , which was why she was almost given a talisman at age sixteen .
te	NNS	Gaius strolled to stand at her side while the matching curs crowded behind her .
te	NNS	There were giant bolts holding the tank together at the corners , with a good inch sticking out .
te	NNS	Warm limbs entangled with mine , arms around me and close to my face the stir of breathing .
te	NNS	Horses never give a damn if I have labels on my clothes .
te	NN	Just then another fireball launched out of the cover of the forest .
te	NN	The only vehicle was Tye 's Explorer parked out at the curb .
te	NNS	The females here choose for themselves . "
te	NNS	" We males cannot survive the growing darkness without our mates , Savannah .
te	NNS	About fences made of human bones and witches that killed little ducklings . "
te	NNS	Heroes may always win in those stupid stories , but this time the hero isn 't going to win .
te	NN	Following behind him , a nurse marched over to the bed .
te	NN	" Your mum won 't let me go . "
te	NNS	Some families are still saying final good-byes .
te	NN	Her ponytail was askew , odd loops of hair protruded all around the top of her head , and Infernal ash concealed its natural luster .
te	NN	The breeze was helping her move forward now , but she knew that it would be in her face , an enemy , on the trip back .
te	NNS	-- the evidently vegan dragons would suddenly reveal a taste for small domestic quadrupeds , as part of a sacrifice for access to the Eye !
te	NNS	Also , wings would be nice . "
te	NNS	" The feds are the only ones I 'd trust . "
te	NNS	No illusions trick me into thinking this will make my old friend leave .
te	NNS	" Brethren , " replied the voice .
te	NN	As I left the field and entered the forest , the pit bull lunged at me , as usual .
te	NNS	From the leader 's shoulder blades , the wings swept to the floor and high above his head , shielding most of his body from me .
te	NN	Another , the knuckles were all wrong .
te	NN	The package looked identical to many others she 'd received , but the note inside was different : We can get to you anywhere , anytime .
te	NN	My glory remains for me to take up again . "
te	NN	A century before there had been log shanties all winter on the lake , and men cutting the tall white pines .
te	NNS	There were so many alternative scenarios that would have led to her survival .
te	NNS	The corners of the stairs bit my back , and the pressure of his hips on mine hurt , sending shocks of pleasure up my spine .
te	NN	This whole argument was ridiculous .
te	NN	Guy knew the ring 's history all too well , the amount of blood it had spilt .
te	NN	The scientist had argued the baron had realized power had been slipping out of his hands , and the best he could do was to compromise .
te	NNS	Both buildings had that same quality to them .
te	NNS	Several vehicles , including Butch 's wife 's Impala , jammed up the driveway .
te	NNS	Only powers can stop them .
te	NN	The moonlit alley was quiet .
te	NN	A fierce pride dictated that the situation be handled in a light , carefree manner .
te	NN	" No Face was never going to give her back a living boy .
te	NNS	" All the campus clubs set up tables .
te	NNS	The articles which talk about you never really got into the types of businesses that you are involved in . "
te	NNS	Yet the spirits were destroying her fragile faith .
te	NNS	Water rippled out over the surface , the ridges illuminated above the shadows as they lapped across the pool .
te	NN	The cavern was cold , and full of shifting light .
te	NNS	Gaius tilted his chin , his gaze defiant .
te	NNS	The residents had a distracted air , and the smell of gunpowder seemed to be floating in the distance .
te	NN	His project was coming together nicely .
te	NNS	There was more shouting and footsteps behind him as he moved between the desolated buildings , looking for something , anything that he might recognise .
te	NN	This realization made me blush with embarrassment , as if I 'd said it out loud .
te	NN	" Anyone could have written that note to him . "
te	NNS	My sisters couldn 't , because no one imagined they 'd need to . "
te	NNS	The two combatants locked eyes .
te	NNS	Before I could answer him , bullets zipped in our direction .
te	NN	The banging was getting louder and more persistent .
te	NN	The chill in the air ends .
te	NN	Everybody began to wander and peruse , glancing at titles and names and labels , wiping their hands across shelves and rubbing the dust between their fingers .
te	NNS	Her limbs became strong cat 's limbs , her shirt tearing , her face contorting to the cross between Shifter and wildcat .
te	NNS	From now on , the shuttles will need 10 percent more liquid hydrogen fuel for the extra burns to get up to our new altitude .
te	NN	The bell rang and Mrs. Clark called the names of those who were to share a brief synopsis of their essay with the class .
te	NNS	The trolls were , on the other hand , mostly upright , but went over when you pushed them .
te	NN	One calm evening , a young nurse heard noises coming from the priest 's room ; she entered to investigate and ensure his wellbeing .
te	NN	" Let me go , " the noble tried to demand .
te	NN	A low moan of pure want escaped my lips .
te	NNS	My limbs tremble in anticipation .
te	NN	The lone trooper drew his weapon , pointing his pistol at Anakin , then at Obi-Wan .
te	NNS	The Brethren would go first , of course .
te	NNS	Footsteps approached the room .
te	NN	The soldier without the gun , who I think has a higher rank than the other soldiers , runs out of the room .
te	NN	" What 's your IQ ? "
te	NNS	My nipples were hard and pointing out and the rasp of the fabric across them made me catch my breath .
te	NNS	There were holes in the landscape where houses and shops had been only a moment before , though two homes were in the midst of construction .
te	NN	After games , the stadium crew often let us soccer rats play on the hard Astroturf until after the lights died down .
te	NN	" In two days , sir , " the servant said .
te	NN	Same principle , don 't you think ? "
te	NNS	There were , of course , ups and downs .
te	NN	The platform was crawling with fledglings , most likely the ones who 'd escaped from the car ahead .
te	NNS	Twenty meters away , cigarettes floated like demon eyes in the night .
te	NN	The alpha echoed in his head , again .
te	NNS	" Boys and girls , Jason and Izzy . "
te	NNS	The lyrics are about someone asking to be remembered when they 're gone .
te	NN	A smattering of freckles dotted her skin .
te	NNS	Immediately the clouds around the place shifted , and I found myself observing my initial death once again .
te	NN	' Good luck , ' the emperor said .
te	NN	The curiosity is useful , the fear useless .
te	NN	There was but so much rejection he could handle before his heart shattered .
te	NN	His approach felt like that of a hurricane .
te	NNS	Metal restraints clamped his wrists and ankles to an infirmary bed .
te	NN	The police photographer worked in a state of shock .
te	NNS	There were no clouds in the sky , no water on the ground ; not a living thing stirred anywhere around .
te	NN	Then a realization came over him , and he finally ran for the cover of the trees .
te	NN	Oddly enough , nobody had even talked about it during the entire trip .
te	NNS	The bags of blood still held no appeal , so I grabbed an apple and munched at the kitchen counter , flipping through the day 's paper .
te	NN	Jeremy 's speech touched everyone ; they all ended up dropping their resentments and apologized .
te	NN	Then there was the mask she wore ... Crimson .
te	NNS	Could mice cling to cedar siding ?
te	NNS	In the course of those few short hours the tiny acorn buds had grown to size !
te	NNS	" The parties find me . "
te	NNS	After you , gentlemen , " he invited .
te	NNS	The restlessness was driving him mad .
te	NN	" Ah , no foreplay required . "
te	NNS	As much as she wanted it to be true , no tools had sharpened these teeth .
te	NNS	There are always exceptions .
te	NN	This glare was only for an instant .
te	NNS	If space-time was everything he thought it was , errors would have always existed and would continue to exist .
te	NNS	And the French hearts turned black .
te	NNS	When she was seated again , Principal Billings cleared his throat and frowned .
te	NN	Everybody said those were the work of the Shadows .
te	NNS	At the base of the trunk , young shoots curled around the old tree and broken limb as if to support and protect them .
te	NN	" Good girl Ellie , don 't take Becky 's advice . "
te	NN	The effect was anything but erotic because , as always , the event was overwhelmed by the process of filming it .
te	NNS	There are standard log cabins , some stone ones .
te	NNS	The witches seem to value my soul more than Tam 's , since I 'm the so-called seer .
te	NNS	The marines exchanged confused glances , but their weapons didn 't waiver .
te	NNS	Mags seemed to be developing an intolerance for one of her pain medications .
te	NN	The chill in her heart remained .
te	NNS	Her bones felt like they were made of liquid , making her unable to move - to even breathe .
te	NNS	Aquarius smiled and held out his hand .
te	NNS	Zeus looked away from the glass for a second and then refocused his attention outside .
te	NNS	The females had accomplished something in my estimation , surviving the claiming .
te	NNS	Vimes looked at the top few treads of a flight of stairs , heading down .
te	NN	" And Maris ' lover worked for ? "
te	NN	What impulse had led him to throw so many careful plans to the wind ?
te	NNS	" The paths are not right .
te	NNS	Graeme 's brows drew together .
te	NN	' Has your mum got anything planned for tonight ? '
te	NN	Even when we were fighting , the vibe between us was more electric when we had our freedom .
te	NN	Everybody appeared to be bending over backwards to be nice to Torin .
te	NNS	The ends of his fingertips were a disconcerting shade of blue .
te	NN	Her ponytail swished back and forth as she went , but there was no bounce to her step .
te	NNS	His fingertips brushed her face with exquisite tenderness .
te	NNS	My insides growl at hearing his name .
te	NNS	Zeus exhaled again and Bia spoke in his ear , " Don 't be nervous .
te	NN	The state trooper 's patience with the teenager was wearing thin .
te	NNS	Amy 's visions almost never came to pass exactly in the way that she predicted , but they always did mean something .
te	NNS	Most adult males now had the vote .
te	NNS	With a return to an orderly society , computers would once again rule citizen 's lives , but hardened this time from any future CME .
te	NNS	There are probably tons of stores we didn 't hit .
te	NNS	Her nails dug into his shoulders and she shut her eyes tight , moaning and shuddering .
te	NN	A gale shook the curtain that covered their entrance so it flapped and crackled .
te	NN	( This fate is similar to that of the offspring of a demon and Shadowhunter , who cannot survive to birth . )
te	NN	" Where 's your backpack ? "
te	NNS	The little princess and I will probably just sit here and cry through The Notebook .
te	NN	A verdict for actual damages only means we don 't have the guts to punish the tobacco industry for its corporate sins . "
te	NN	" This particular stretch didn 't seem busy when we came through .
te	NN	There was an exit right next to her !
te	NNS	As they approached the altar and the door to his study , the priests reached into their coats pulling out hand guns .
te	NN	" There 's an understatement .
te	NN	A tic worked in his jaw before he gave a clipped answer .
te	NN	This one jagged and azure , a wave frozen in graceful cresting motion , locked forever in that one monstrously beautiful moment .
te	NNS	So did the towers beside the gate .
te	NNS	As the panel members were distracted , the reporters used the opportunity to make phone calls and send messages .
te	NNS	The worst enemies of any animal are among its relatives and descendants , who need the same things and may have evolved better ways to get them .
te	NN	The nub of charcoal slipped from Aria 's fingers .
te	NNS	Vampires also interacted with humans , for obvious reasons , but did so under tight strictures until recently .
te	NN	Of English Literature , the verbatim kind , his growing up kind , the rapped knuckles if you didn 't kind .
te	NNS	The dragon was resting now , wings tugged close to its belly and its tail disappearing under the band on Roth 's dark jeans .
te	NN	' Wait here , ' the nurse instructed the detectives as she exited , the drink having been left on the table by the bed .
te	NN	You 'll feel some pressure from the wand , that 's all , " the nurse explained .
te	NN	Hot sunlight bathes the 2-liter bottle from the open sunroof .
te	NN	The boulder clipped her shoulder and shoved her back .
te	NNS	" What foolishness do you say , husband ? "
te	NN	A guest of one of the club members was bending over her and applying something to her face .
te	NN	Step ford in a coat of Ralph Lauren paint .
te	NNS	Behind us were Lissa 's other mates .
te	NN	" Ha ha ha , thank you very much . "
te	NN	A moment later , hot moisture spilled deep inside me and his satisfied moan echoed within my own cry .
te	NNS	Both our hearts were racing .
te	NNS	The Dragon Crows cheered .
te	NN	The cycle is when the galactic center of the Milky Way , the sun , and the earth are in alignment .
te	NNS	The pillars looked the same .
te	NN	Wind swirled around the desolate parking lot .
te	NN	The lecture drones on for an hour and a half .
te	NN	Not even fatigue could hold him in check .
te	NN	The atmosphere in the room changed with the glowing light of the fire .
te	NN	Lillian 's glare morphed into something more predatory .
te	NN	" Only because I phoned him and demanded to know what the heck had happened the night before .
te	NN	In response , there was a babble of Latin , words tumbling over one another .
te	NNS	The scientists were aware of the work the others were doing and each competed with the others , vying to be the first to be selected .
te	NN	Eventually , this bubble would pop and transform into a tsunami wave that would drown the U.S. economy .
te	NN	Every physician in her team is in attendance , awaiting the next round of injections of the cancer drug .
te	NN	The driftwood is exactly as I remember it .
te	NNS	His alibi for the break-in checks out . "
te	NNS	The hearts of men would increase in faith .
te	NN	" And a gaming hall too . "
te	NNS	The upturned cones with ice cream on top appeared vast and majestic .
te	NN	Anyone who hurt her , he wanted to hurt in turn .
te	NNS	Voices came from the hallway outside the sitting room door , and Emeline straightened away from the table , walking several paces from it .
te	NN	To the left of the pictures was a print out article of Columbine .
te	NNS	Mags spoke dreamily of her bedroom .
te	NNS	The marines disappeared around the corner on their way to the front of the building .
te	NN	" How can her testimony be confidential ? "
te	NN	" Oh don 't mind him , " called the servant .
te	NNS	Silver sparkles on white polish covers two pinky fingernails while her other nails have been polished to match her tank top .
te	NNS	Friends don 't do that to one another . "
te	NN	Mother -- " A bolt hit the ceiling , spraying them both with a shower of pebbles and dust .
te	NNS	Shifter females in the wild had sometimes taken human male lovers , referring to them as pets .
te	NN	A tic jerked along his jaw .
te	NNS	The plains were like an ocean of grass , so they were at once alien and familiar .
te	NNS	These columns were also inside the building in two rows , holding up the roof .
te	NNS	That much guns and ammo , couldn 't be good .
te	NN	" My quarrel is with your Emperor , not with you . "
te	NN	The doorbell rang just as I turned the stove burner on under the spaghetti sauce , and I experienced another new sensation .
te	NN	At first , only a small speck of light appeared , but it soon turned into a cyclone of bright yellow lights swirling in all directions .
te	NNS	The halls were almost empty , which was exactly as Keller had planned it .
te	NN	After wiping Eloise 's face with a damp wash cloth , the nurse pulled the blanket around her shoulders .
te	NN	A gentle , soft breeze lifted my hair around me in a careful way as if it was the one trying to wake me .
te	NN	So was almost all his crew .
te	NNS	Zeus roared with laughter and collapsed to the floor holding his stomach .
te	NN	An antique mahogany wardrobe stood against the wall to the left .
te	NNS	Jess flashed a small grin and went back to work .
te	NNS	Voices rose in the wind , swirled in the mists , telling her to go back , to leave while she could .
te	NN	A shout drew her attention , barely discernible above the roar of a waterfall a couple of hundred yards to her right .
te	NN	The much sparser undergrowth at ground level made progress easier , but the fallen , rotting fronds could be slippery underfoot .
te	NNS	Human responses were geologically slow , compared to a high-speed computer .
te	NNS	The blows came in abundance , courtesy of fists , feet , and elbows .
te	NNS	Jess smirked at him and walked up the path toward the cabin , waving at one of the guards crouched high in the cliffs overlooking the property .
te	NNS	The clouds over the plain below were boiling with fire .
te	NNS	Who knows , they may still have power , or some form of police , hell , maybe the television stations there are still working .
te	NN	The luckiest reindeer ever to grace wool .
te	NNS	The circles our family ran in gave me entry to hearing more than you can imagine .
te	NN	Debbie 's mum used to be a chef .
te	NN	" What game is the Source playing with us now ? "
te	NN	The longest amount of time I 'd ever Searched was when Bobby asked me to the dance .
te	NNS	Mantis started walking out the door and motioned with his head for Spider to follow him .
te	NN	A thin beam shoots out of the box to make contact with the woman 's chest .
te	NN	Within a few minutes , the mouse went limp .
te	NNS	All the tools an assassin would need to do some serious recon on a target .
te	NNS	The darkened circles under his eyes made his sunken eyes seem even more alarming .
te	NN	The shopkeeper shakes his head and lets out a disbelieving laugh .
te	NNS	There was the usual beach paraphernalia and patio furniture that told everyone this was a beach house .
te	NN	There 's a blur as Maurice 's arm moves at his waist , and Isaac disintegrates into fire , like the flash of a pile of gunpowder .
te	NNS	Vampires can gain energy from other sources . "
te	NNS	Tess identified the object without thinking : it was a cap , a boy 's golf cap .
te	NNS	" And how long will the test subjects have to have been on the medication ? "
te	NNS	Justus shot up from his bed , covered in sweat , his breathing faster than he could cope with .
te	NNS	Ares tensed and the emperor asked , " Is there some way out of here ? "
te	NN	The male nurse , who gave her the second dose of the Phenergan , rolled in a wheelchair .
te	NNS	His fingertips absorbed the warm water , and a bolt of electricity zapped through his body .
te	NNS	Two males and a female in scant black silk garments , the woman 's feet strapped painfully into high-heeled shoes .
te	NNS	What were the odds that he 'd expose himself to me and I 'd sleep with him anyway ?
te	NN	The neighborhood was , as usual , quiet .
te	NNS	Both animals had moved a good twenty feet away .
te	NNS	An undeniable tiredness swept over him , quieting his thoughts of panic at his predicament , bidding him a good night 's sleep .
te	NN	The first soldier backed over it and tumbled backward into the wall .
te	NN	His final plea hit the mark .
te	NNS	Sparkling rivulets emerged from the hills just to disappear in the middle of the lush greenery .
te	NN	" A baseball player . "
te	NNS	Their fins rippled , flashing bright colors as they went past .
te	NN	Even my dash clock doesn 't work , or my coffee maker .
te	NN	We need that buffer from the big cities to the west , " the governor instructed .
te	NN	That corridor will not have the flexibility it once had , but it will be navigable as soon as the debris is swept . "
te	NN	The light bulb shattered , and darkness took over the room .
te	NN	And then her frown deepened .
te	NN	The firmness in her voice had Carla hesitating , running her gaze over Evelyn 's hands , then sighing .
te	NN	Our destination is a small town in northern Arkansas named Cherokee Village .
te	NNS	The remaining life forms constitute a large percentage of that threat .
te	NN	My favorite aunt listens carefully as I tell her the story of what happened yesterday .
te	NNS	Her nails still digging into his skin .
te	NN	The temperature was cooler , the sky more overcast , and the trees were pines instead of palms .
te	NN	Nobody would care . "
te	NN	Her body clock would adjust eventually , and for now she might as well just go with it .
te	NNS	There are so many abandoned animals they don 't have much choice . "
te	NN	Despite what George had said , every potential pathway that flickered inside Tick 's mind seemed to head for disaster .
te	NN	There 's a confidentiality clause in your contract , says you can 't tell anyone you 're ours until the season starts in August . "
te	NNS	But , " he added , laying a large grey hand on top of ours , " the rewards justify the risks .
te	NNS	The wild animals will not come to you : but they can run away from you .
te	NNS	And after spending so much time with killers , her nerves were usually much stronger .
te	NNS	Though they know it not , the armies that come up from the south are mine , and they come here at my bidding .
te	NNS	" There are lots of things deep within the tunnels that are shiny and bright .
te	NN	" Then - " my mother started to ask , but Nix interrupted her .
te	NNS	The engines were each two storeys high , and usually only used when the University 's population soared during term time .
te	NN	" Has the Irish step dancing made a comeback here ?
te	NN	" An apt simile . "
te	NN	The temperature in the room dropped significantly and she couldn 't stop shivering with cold .
te	NN	" The buyer is very powerful .
te	NNS	The lads stared , and I scraped my nail into the wood table ' stead of looking back .
te	NNS	The rocks were treacherous , the broken scree shifting under Bandit 's hooves .
te	NNS	There were metallic fires burning on both sides of the gap ; someone must 've let a grenade loose in the events .
te	NN	Nobody saw us , so nobody needs to know about it . "
te	NNS	In fact , there are even photos he took , apparently from inside the ship . "
te	NN	A ghost appeared out of nowhere .
te	NNS	Zeus stood to his full height .
te	NNS	The dark clouds of his bad mood lifted almost instantly , and he leaned over the desk , his mouth capturing mine in a lingering kiss .
te	NN	Any reminder of his past was distressing to her , especially that one .
te	NN	There 's no paparazzi !
te	NN	At the back of the kitchen another stairway led to the basement .
te	NN	The combination of what she said and the words Amna International struck against something in my head .
te	NN	" Like , a bomb or something exploded in a cornfield right next to the school today !
te	NNS	So the bones had disappeared before the night Cassandra visited Sam 's house and even before Sam himself disappeared .
te	NN	Our objective is the mine and with the plague , forces on the ground are pretty thin .
te	NN	Even though it was no longer raining , moisture lingered on all of the needles and blades shining like a thousand tiny diamonds .
te	NN	" Affirm AA one " a technician reported , " all systems online and functioning " .
te	NN	He was hurt , his gallant impulse rebuffed .
te	NN	The fired rocket struck the bridge ahead of them , exploding old ties and rending apart steel .
te	NNS	She wanted me to know in case there were any concerns .
te	NNS	Sixteen troops and sixteen techs . "
te	NNS	Stone buildings lined the streets .
te	NN	A tragedy , however , had occurred .
te	NNS	Were the photos Naomi was talking about the ones of the girls in Jamaica ?
te	NNS	Gladys never said anything .
te	NNS	Gaius glanced at Varro , but his friend was leaving it al up to him .
te	NNS	There are tons of books on just about every subject . "
te	NN	The text is short and simple but it 's his way of letting me know he 's still here .
te	NNS	I can see Cormac and the others listening intently , brows furrowed .
te	NNS	Only seven or so blocks from our homes , drug dealers hang out by the town courts and old men sit around drinking from brown paper bags .
te	NNS	The rays of a bright sun gilded His hair and white robe .
te	NNS	Clouds of smoke obscured the face .
te	NNS	The two bedrooms were across the hall from each other .
te	NNS	Then the kidnappers had simply left him there in the motel room for someone to find .
te	NN	Then , finally , the healing could start .
te	NNS	Humans who craved sex with Shifters usually made complete idiots of themselves , as did the groupies in the Shifter clubs .
te	NNS	Her bones felt so fragile in his palm and yet he knew the strength this lady possessed .
te	NN	" A tale for another time , " she said .
te	NN	The indecision cost him dearly as Emma flashed out her right arm again , cuffing him to the floor .
te	NNS	Silver sparkles caught the light as Blackbeard examined her pinky toe .
te	NN	No universe allowed anyone to break its laws unless this was what Time and Space wanted , except perhaps a true child born of their own energy .
te	NNS	The families of all those people he 's hurt over the years would probably thank me .
te	NN	A servant hurried up .
te	NNS	My mind wanders , then so does my pen . "
te	NN	There 's a reason nobody comes to him .
te	NNS	The road conditions had deteriorated while they 'd waited for the tow truck and visibility stunk .
te	NN	As soon as I closed my eyes , however , a bolt of lightning lit up the sky , followed by the dangerous clash of thunder .
te	NNS	Clouds have swept in and thunder crashes .
te	NN	Probably the morgue attendant , who happened to be a vampire , should have ignored the tiny spark of life .
te	NNS	The two spirits didn 't interact as we traveled , no surprise seeing as they had little in common .
te	NNS	Loyal , steadfast Nikolai had disobeyed his king , and looked as if he 'd do it again for that woman .
te	NN	the earl called after him .
te	NN	That was over an hour ago , since then , nobody had tried to come in or out of the building .
te	NNS	Zeus reached into his coat and removed a handgun .
te	NNS	The families in the church stayed there .
te	NN	Her curiosity dripped from every word .
te	NN	" Nothing fancy , though I 'll need a belt as well .
te	NNS	Because she was no longer in the Navy , there were no official barriers between them .
te	NNS	The computers were difficult -- I don 't really know a lot about them -- but I found a spot in the room where I could hide .
te	NNS	It was tanned , strong , manicured nails , platinum wedding band on the ring finger .
te	NN	Nobody can do it . "
te	NNS	But there were no clues as to what might be there .
te	NN	Panic wasn 't going to do me any good , and there would be plenty of time for mourning later .
te	NN	A clapping of hands around the table erupted in the room .
te	NNS	But as she continued east , the clicks slowed .
te	NN	He was no longer a hired gun , a ringer brought in from the Wild West to run the offense and win games .
te	NNS	" My ancient languages professor in grad school .
te	NN	' Everybody aboard the Magic Bus ! '
te	NN	But the restrained rate was little more than a tease to him ; he longed to really get his blood pumping .
te	NN	The puddle was growing in size .
te	NN	There is one walkie-talkie in each of the vehicles , as means of communication .
te	NN	A delusional belief is not the same as a momentary hallucination .
te	NNS	Jess strutted away as the next song started .
te	NN	Her damn infectious smile .
te	NNS	Clay 's demons were even more frightening now that I wasn 't there to help him fend them off .
te	NNS	Beautifully colored tents littered the wide expanse of grass .
te	NNS	Hers was flawless , blindingly beautiful fair skin , rosy pink cheeks , large curls ran throughout her long raven hair .
te	NNS	But old habits die hard Fergus .
te	NN	" Your opinion , I guess .
te	NN	This sale would put him at ninety bucks for the month once he paid his bills .
te	NNS	Large quantities of it will suck the life from a Faerie faster than you can blink .
te	NN	And the parasite might not develop fully in a person with a strong immune system .
te	NNS	Heroes were really scoundrels , and scoundrels were really heroes .
te	NNS	Even though Acacia had a face that looked Asian , there were still hints of a European lineage in her brownish eyes and hair .
te	NNS	" Humans do not become angels , Brother .
te	NN	He drank my blood in deep , gulping pulls that made my heart race while his eyes remained locked on mine .
te	NNS	The rumors could be true -- a royal heir might have survived .
te	NNS	Your subjects shall feed an army that shall devour the races of the worlds . "
te	NN	Todd circled behind them and knew when Fin caught his movement , an unspoken agreement passed between the two men .
te	NN	The entire effect was that of stylish modernity and was a far cry from the ghetto streets a few stories below us .
te	NN	A deafening howl thundered out of Hank 's body .
te	NNS	Solos was , and the niggling suspicion that Aiden was avoiding me was turning into full-blown paranoia .
te	NN	The ghostly blue hue of the dimensional window fades away seconds later , and Less is left with more questions than answers .
te	NNS	Ruddy mountains lined the horizon .
te	NN	The school bell rang alas , and though Mrs. Friedman didn 't hear it , she felt its distinct vibrations on her desk .
te	NN	A string quartet plays near the courtyard .
te	NNS	A hundred magi 's powers will have to suffice .
te	NNS	Jamar 's waxy white assistants served the food and drink .
te	NNS	His pleas fell on deaf ears .
te	NN	About five hundred years ago ere was a scholar in the College of Arcane Learning .
te	NN	The t-shirt was black with silver sequence all over it .
te	NN	I closed my eyes and took a careful breath , my heart dancing like I 'd thrown down two shots of espresso .
te	NNS	His bones were humming , his blood was rushing thick and hot , and he wanted the same release she 'd had .
te	NN	The mist floated before settling back into place .
te	NNS	Voices cracked and sputtered from the car radio , and red dots of light zipped back and forth on the scanner mounted under the dash .
te	NN	Eventually the whole rat 's nest emptied out and boarded snowmobiles .
te	NNS	The results of her offensive puzzled her as she tried to make sense of how the thing still moved after being shot .
te	NNS	The rising waters had floated it off of its trailer .
te	NN	" The gig isn 't for hours .
te	NNS	Horses would get us to town much faster than a caravan of wagons could .
te	NN	This little tidbit just frosted the cake .
te	NNS	Humans don 't need any demon guidance or influence ... they act on their own just fine . "
te	NN	My curiosity got the better of me and I had to call his office .
te	NN	Geller 's health improved and his tiredness returned to its normal level .
te	NN	The slaughter was complete , and Nathan did not see a single WTR soldier return fire among the hundreds on the beach .
te	NN	A bell was tolling .
te	NN	A film of shimmery blue light draped over the walls .
te	NNS	There was lots of laughter at the misses , but also a lesson in hitting a moving target .
te	NNS	There were three mats against the far wall .
te	NN	" Anyone want a drink ? "
te	NNS	Goodness did feel better .
te	NN	The duo prepared to begin .
te	NNS	And the witches have been trying to correct that mistake ever since . "
te	NN	Worse yet , at least for my client , the negative publicity would be horrendous .
te	NN	The desert hasn 't killed me . "
te	NNS	Blissful unconsciousness became foggy awareness which transitioned into painful reality .
te	NNS	" Five strikes is the winning amount of blows .
te	NNS	The corners of his lips quirk .
te	NNS	Two females watched me from the doorway .
te	NN	After that , nobody important would be hanging around .
te	NNS	Ready to attack when other squads are in position . "
te	NNS	Steaming bowls of stew arrived filled with green chiles , chunks of tenderloin , potatoes , cheese , and a rich and flavorful sauce .
te	NNS	Some reporters can 't but I can . "
te	NNS	The monkeys with tentacles had followed her .
te	NN	" Some stupid editor splashed the word vampire in the headlines . "
te	NNS	Live plants , some five feet tall , separated them .
te	NNS	Lips pursed shut , I averted my eyes out the window .
te	NN	Nowadays , fatigue always rode her hard .
te	NN	And nobody can win a staring contest with infinity .
te	NNS	In the forest , the animals , led by the centaur , Orrick , had set up a hidden trap .
te	NNS	Their coats bristled dark gray , and large fangs protruded from their mouths .
te	NN	The assassin crouched and swept his shoes .
te	NN	There 's a flicker of that about this child .
te	NN	A dust devil whirled in the dirt tracks of the road that ran the perimeter of the cemetery .
te	NNS	His fathomless gaze rested on the hollow of her throat for a moment before he said , " Just coffee . "
te	NNS	There were dozens of reports to go through , maybe closer to a hundred of the blasted things .
te	NN	His platoon had been running patrols through the city streets since the capital had fallen to the Grenadier forces .
te	NN	The teenager joined in .
te	NNS	The visions were building ideas into people 's minds of things to do during the year .
te	NNS	" There , no more entities will bother you .
te	NN	Panic and horror tore through her as Julian shoved Devon into the wall with enough force to rattle things off the shelves near them .
te	NN	" Your advice to use the Sinaloa Federation drug operations as a scapegoat has proven most useful . "
te	NNS	The damaging pulses distributed by the blasts have taken out roughly 70 percent of Georgia 's power structure , affecting cell phones , computers , and vehicles .
te	NN	" His caution is fading .
te	NN	There 's a cold breeze coming from somewhere , but the window is closed .
te	NNS	Vampires came to this town and fed on you people .
te	NN	There 's a chapel back there ?
te	NN	A ticking bomb couldn 't stress him out more than waiting for her reply .
te	NN	There was the creaking of a pump .
te	NNS	Demons had no place in a samurai warrior .
te	NNS	My shivers were definitely the result of the chill and not excitement .
te	NNS	" And lions and tigers and bears , oh my ! "
te	NN	" What 's the capital of Pennsylvania ? "
te	NN	" There 's nothing official anywhere on the subject .
te	NN	Nobody answer that ! "
te	NN	Only one vehicle had passed since he 'd stopped , certainly not enough to act as any type of deterrent .
te	NNS	His sleepless nights had finally resulted in hallucinations .
te	NNS	Vampires officially bound themselves to other vampires but they had an out , called " severance " , which was like a mortal 's divorce .
te	NN	" Everybody 's waiting .
te	NN	Outside the temperature had dropped .
te	NN	Around him , a cluster of vampires peered at Magnus over their fans of feather and ivory and bone .
te	NN	What will my dentist think ?
te	NNS	The four other French dragons were all coming about again .
te	NNS	Out of habit , her telepathic powers swept out , scanning the minds in the cars around her .
te	NN	Then the corpse started groaning and I started shaking .
te	NNS	The channels continued to change .
te	NNS	My ribs protested , and my legs barely worked .
te	NNS	Earlier Resistance groups had excavated and mapped as much as they could and my group was lucky enough to have drawn this route .
te	NN	A glowing bubble surrounded the pup and caused him to rise in the air .
te	NN	What if destiny doesn 't lead us to him ?
te	NNS	There were holes in the dance .
te	NN	Grace 's brother Emmett moved toward them from the end of the gravel driveway .
te	NN	The judge chuckled and looked up at Jason .
te	NN	A top-of-the-line projector protruded from the ceiling over the boardroom table .
te	NNS	The rear wheels locked and the car went into a skid .
te	NNS	The powers it gave me were surreal .
te	NN	There was such sudden desperation in his voice that I couldn 't refuse this soft side of him that rarely appeared .
te	NNS	So far , all systems were fine .
te	NN	The occasional drum of the EMTs ' feet as they raced in with a new patient .
te	NN	My sling was both a mark of honor and of shame ; everyone knew I 'd been there .
te	NNS	" Why are all these mainland schools so difficult ? "
te	NNS	Where our clothes met , my nerve endings sizzled .
te	NNS	Their chests heaved in and out .
te	NN	My character took him down by throwing the axe at him and piercing his skull .
te	NNS	Gentle strokes pulled her hair out of the way and he looped the bauble around her neck .
te	NN	Her fork froze in midair .
te	NN	If that were the case , the cartel merely had to get to Ty in jail and he was done .
te	NN	The suspense was killing him , waiting for Aran to do something , to take control .
te	NN	The quartermaster wasn 't much to look at .
te	NNS	Besides , cans and bottles wouldn 't have tested my nerves like that . "
te	NN	All four men barked compliance , then Pond looked both ways before cautiously stepping onto the path , his rifle leading the way with searching sweeps .
te	NN	Only the screams remain , punctuated by scattered gunfire .
te	NNS	Shadows lurked in every corner , and it kind of felt like a horror movie as we stood in the creepy lobby .
te	NN	The stupid monitor beside me increased a tad and Kellan looked over at it and laughed softly .
te	NN	If the owner was not attached to the leg , then it had been placed there , propped up by the tree trunk .
te	NNS	Wide puddles were forming on the surface , but they moved strangely ; drifting into strange shapes , forming and dispersing by themselves to no apparent force .
te	NN	There 's one variety that 's part bug and part bat , and it flies around biting people , and the people die immediately . "
te	NNS	" There are several agencies that can help . "
te	NNS	" There are dozens of incorrect origin stories .
te	NNS	The wizards watched him carefully to see what 'd happen next .
te	NN	So was the effect of the ceremony on him .
te	NNS	" But how can you be sure the demons will detonate a physical weapon ?
te	NN	The ice pillar exploded in a cloud of ice shards .
te	NN	A shuffle from behind indicated Clinton was once again standing .
te	NN	The dealer is going to take three . "
te	NN	Its logic is brilliant and fits my situation perfectly .
te	NN	The beast was on his side , and she knew the dark shadow spreading on his coat was blood .
te	NNS	There are uneven stones standing watch in the field , but they 're nothing to Corr .
te	NN	The door banged violently shut as he slammed it on his way out , " he doesn 't want to be here , does he grandfather ? "
te	NN	A lump of bar came loose in her hand , squishing between her fingers , and the floor warped around her , sucking her down .
te	NN	Nobody can touch you two .
te	NN	No loyal member would have mentioned the Elders to anyone outside , or said things that were so defensive and obvious . "
te	NN	An alarm started to sound .
te	NN	" Goliath faked his injury , " the geek blurted out .
te	NN	Her brushing stopped at that .
te	NNS	The three animals ran to his feet and sat , staring at him .
te	NN	A void filled her heart where the pain should be .
te	NNS	His joints are bothering him a little . "
te	NNS	My enemies can take what they want , but my life is mine and so long as I breathe , it has value .
te	NN	Damp daylight spilled into the room .
te	NNS	How many verbal rituals had to surround the summoning of the intelligence of this wartime human construct ?
te	NN	There was a hint of arches above his head and faintly shining columns , but all vague and all obliterating one another as soon as seen .
te	NN	A long shaft of burning wood impaled his side .
te	NNS	His senses were in overdrive .
te	NNS	The more time passes , the more I worry about Malcolm .
te	NNS	A hundred knobs covered the dashboard , but I had no idea what they did because they were all marked with Japanese symbols .
te	NN	The pastor smiled at them both as he began the ceremony .
te	NNS	The results , taken together , would make more sense and be more useful than either taken separately . "
te	NNS	Again , cheers go up all around .
te	NN	Aiming at the back of Marshal 's head , Anton exhaled , squeezed the trigger then halted , head cocked .
te	NN	" Confirm location , " Captain Beck ordered .
te	NNS	In the flicker of the flames , the animals seemed to caper and dance .
te	NN	Why , for the life of me , did his remark fire up the electricity was beyond me .
te	NN	The odd nervousness she 'd displayed over the past few minutes melted away like someone had suddenly screeched " Cut ! "
te	NN	' The project is almost complete . '
te	NN	There 's another orchid , this one a lurid magenta , like someone had colored it in with a marker .
te	NN	The potion we 'd drunken must have been enough to erase only the memory of today , which is why I could still remember last night .
te	NNS	How many chests had he seen in the course of his profession ?
te	NNS	New sensations flooded Cole 's system .
te	NN	The balloon will never hold you ! "
te	NNS	My entire body shivers like leaves in the wind as I remember it .
te	NN	Either her entire crew had lost heart or they had been converted .
te	NN	The construction of the virus was largely my doing , and it failed , if all of those people would have risked their lives for nothing .
te	NN	The interior of the car felt stifling when I climbed in .
te	NNS	Three short sharp knocks announced Edwin 's arrival .
te	NN	" Motel rent is seventy-five dollars a night and food is costing us sixty dollars a day . "
te	NN	Your grandfather was an amazing man .
te	NN	Simply constructed of brick or wood , the interior was extraordinary .
te	NNS	Except the secretaries always make the copies , and what the hell was he doing on the fourth floor at three A.M. running two thousand copies ?
te	NN	Sean 's consciousness started to drift .
te	NN	There was a musical quality to his voice that hadn 't come across in the recordings .
te	NN	Sebastian 's patience had already gone out the window .
te	NN	But traffic was too light that evening and the taxi was pulling up at the door to Ricardo 's immediately on time .
te	NN	The impact knocked the wind out of her , but was enough to break Jason 's hold on the wild line .
te	NNS	There are very slight trace amounts of a poison with the chemical makeup of Nightshade , a naturally growing and very fatal plant .
te	NNS	The three dragons looked at each other and back at her , then shrugged .
te	NN	Nobody wants to be with someone who doubts them .
te	NN	The bell above the door chimed and I looked hurriedly away , wiping the tears from my cheeks .
te	NN	The other photo was of a man with a round face and jovial smile beneath a full mustache .
te	NNS	All assassins had a full-length mirror in their rooms , because it would be a terrible insult to anyone to kill them when you were badly dressed .
te	NN	Her eyes darkened and excitement trembled in her voice .
te	NNS	My visions only show the family . "
te	NNS	" My sisters and I would be unhappy if someone made her leave . "
te	NN	The confidence in her own virtue -- and the trust in his -- had made her all the more pleasing .
te	NNS	His fingertips still aching but with excitement pumping his feeling back and he followed along quickly , the door within his grasp .
te	NN	The whiskey was taking off some of the edge , but it couldn 't touch the deep places .
te	NN	Plus , the economy was so bad that people with Masters degrees were having trouble finding employment .
te	NNS	Humans always are . "
te	NNS	Friends and family lined the halls between the stage door and the dressing rooms .
te	NN	But the joy faded quickly .
te	NNS	There are even some ordinary plants that are a part of everybody 's diet that have poisonous leaves on them .
te	NN	With each step uphill , gravity pulls harder .
te	NNS	The talents he possesses are , if anything , even more astounding than originally reported .
te	NN	The automaton gripped the lines , but the weapons were already in motion on a collision course with the machine 's back .
te	NN	Back at the now empty base , R sat in her room .
te	NNS	Maybe their cities carried on without a glitch .
te	NNS	The demons might be faster and have more advanced technology , but we had our guts , guns , and brains .
te	NNS	My senses tumbled in disarray .
te	NNS	Footsteps came from behind him , shoes on tile .
te	NNS	" Who dares interfere with my experiment ? "
te	NN	The alley was much neater than most as they were in the high traffic area of Avalon .
te	NNS	The mountains had minor quakes daily but no one thought much of them .
te	NN	Without moving a muscle , his demeanor changed completely .
te	NN	Trouble was ten minutes later Daniel was being bullied again , because his dad replaced the window , so Daniel broke it again .
te	NNS	There were no ridiculous conditions when you took my money and no qualms about spending it immediately .
te	NNS	" My warrior princess is ... how you say ... a tough cookie , yes wizard ? "
te	NNS	His bottom lip curls upwards , and his forehead wrinkles .
te	NNS	Swords and daggers hung ready at their waists .
te	NN	Why is openness and honesty so foreign a concept to you folks ?
te	NN	Had an ogre boulder crushed him already ?
te	NNS	Plus , the beaches were so breathtakingly lovely there , and the servants so wonderfully obsequious .
te	NN	Rage flows through me , engulfing every muscle , every fiber of my body .
te	NN	" The dancing for one and the way you two look at each other . "
te	NN	The comic stuck out of the back pocket of his black slacks .
te	NN	But , now that my body had decided it wanted food , there was no relaxation .
te	NN	The gash in his forehead gave him no more trouble , but he bore a brown scar to the end of his days .
te	NNS	Lies are all good until you look at who you 're lying to .
te	NNS	But the halls are lifeless .
te	NNS	Where are the researchers ? "
te	NNS	The corners of her eyes crinkle as she giggles .
te	NNS	Zeus put the Alice band on his head and tucked it beneath his dreadlocks .
te	NNS	Eight silhouettes departed the two inflatables , then dragged them onto the beach .
te	NN	On the other side of that elegant blockade was the lavish interior of Jordana Gates 's apartment .
te	NN	A gig this good couldn 't last forever , and then I would have thrown away college for nothing .
te	NN	What was their topic ? "
te	NN	" We should send troops and weapons to quell the disorder , " added a military general .
te	NN	As you can see , there is a large amount of routing information in the header .
te	NNS	Warm during the days , the nights could be cold or as it was tonight , almost sultry .
te	NN	Spring season starts soon . "
te	NN	The furious flood of his attackers now approached with the speed of statues .
te	NNS	The air bags had cocooned his upper body from serious injury .
te	NN	There were a half dozen of them , four men and two women , one of whom was the Mare .
te	NNS	The destroyers ' ion cannons would rip ships of such low caliber to dust .
te	NN	The beast tensed , drew up his shoulders , and crooked his arms .
te	NN	The flag dropped and Lok went to work , blades flying , fighting his opponent .
te	NN	" Now , the killer is still out cold .
te	NN	The soldier gave a moment 's pause .
te	NN	A fluid , a condensation , a dread much deeper than what she 'd felt when she learned her father was comatose , bubbled within her .
te	NN	" Not really , " the older nurse said .
te	NNS	( Young veterans , returning from World War II , made many of these creations in the middle of the last century .
te	NN	The lieutenant general mentioned , " The situation is worse than even that . "
te	NN	The attendant bowed and left her alone to finish opening the message .
te	NN	A gasp sounded in his head .
te	NN	Very basic carbon-based construction , so it would give me a good picture of what was possible .
te	NN	Finally , sparing a thought for the rest of us , Little Spirit endeavour to win hearts across the nation .
te	NN	A strange combination of wood and must and incense .
te	NN	A Hebrew scholar had lived in the house , yes , twenty years ago .
te	NNS	Shadows took on crisper form , then cleared away altogether .
te	NN	The coach doesn 't have more than five minutes to speak with a potential quarterback ?
te	NN	There is our first target .
te	NNS	" Herding cows really can be dangerous .
te	NNS	Voices that wouldn 't stop shouting in his head .
te	NN	Whatever flimsy mask of self-control she 'd been maintaining so far had crumpled .
te	NNS	The fighters went both in their corner .
te	NNS	The remains of wild rice storage pits were still somewhat visible there .
te	NN	The real source of her apprehension , she knew , was Perry .
te	NNS	The photos were graphic , perfectly clear and date stamped .
te	NN	The stew was delicious and the bread still warm from the oven .
te	NN	Then the bell over the door chimed , admitting another customer , and Lacy had her answer .
te	NN	' But this ghost doesn 't seem particularly shy . '
te	NN	Her nightmare was her reality .
te	NN	His stoic glare probably worked on most people , but not on me .
te	NNS	Strange splinter groups from around the world planned disruptions and it had been a tense time with specialist police units on high alert .
te	NN	to which my companion simply answered ' yes ' .
te	NN	" Reading , naked pillow fights .
te	NN	My dick just got even harder at the sight of her sitting on the counter in nothing but a bra and matching thong .
te	NNS	Dolores watched him go and hoped Neil was okay .
te	NNS	Beyond this group sat three identically dressed individuals , all wearing brown robes .
te	NNS	The bullets tore small chunks of asphalt out of the ground near her feet as she ran .
te	NN	Now trepidation entered her gaze .
te	NN	The knot tightens against the back of my head , keeping the gag in place .
te	NN	The warning bell interrupted further conversation , reminding us all it was time to get to our next class .
te	NN	The file contained only hearsay reports of things that Jesse had told neighbors , teachers , and school friends .
te	NNS	The slums would burn , not stone nobleman keeps . "
te	NN	The soldier shifted his rifle and pointed it directly toward the camera .
te	NN	Nobody ever mentioned he 'd never forget the taste of alcohol , any kind of alcohol or that he could crave it in his sleep .
te	NN	The clock said it was just a little past six .
te	NN	Her screams of fright gradually turned to laughter .
te	NN	Silence wouldn 't lead to victory , not in front of these women .
te	NNS	Strong calves , a narrow waist that flared into wide hips , the woman showcased curves where others fought to lose them .
te	NN	There was a murmur from the crowd .
te	NNS	What 's more , the crystals don 't require tuning , either . "
te	NN	Now there was the Bane .
te	NNS	" There are no other alternatives .
te	NNS	The corners of his eyes crinkled with amusement .
te	NNS	Zane 's brows jumped .
te	NNS	The tissues are escaping again .
te	NNS	cried Zeus , and his booming laughter echoed across the ocean as he managed to gain the upper hand in their wrestling match .
te	NNS	All the nerve endings in Emily 's arm tingled .
te	NN	Looking about her , there was an alleyway across the road .
te	NN	The golden beast at his side seemed no longer either a danger or a nuisance .
te	NN	But as far as I know , the bolt 's still touchy .
te	NN	The approaching legion finally came to rest as the last of the troops stood in the circular plaza .
te	NN	The bus rumbled to a stop .
te	NN	The precise content eluded him .
te	NNS	With rolled-up sleeping bags and pads strapped to the sides , the packs were workable , if not comfortable .
te	NN	Anyone with any kind of a spine would have ensured that their opinions were incorporated .
te	NN	Chapter Thirty In near perfect silence , the entire crew had watched the final scenes being filmed .
te	NN	The details Darren captured were amazing .
te	NNS	Zeus would 've hated it .
te	NNS	Those demons that weren 't being consumed by fire clawed at the shield , trying to get to her .
te	NN	My heartbeat slowly returned to normal .
te	NN	And architecture too with their beautiful palaces .
te	NN	As the song ended , the crew picked up with the Beatles ' " Revolution 1 . "
te	NN	" You see , my logic is quite generous the more you think of it .
te	NNS	Staff and freelance writers mingled in the upstairs office , and the conference room table was covered with an elaborate culinary display .
te	NNS	Out on the river flats disturbed cattle were lumbering away .
te	NN	Revenge would sure be one bloody bitch .
te	NNS	Two more rapid strikes produce no damage , and the sentinel has reclaimed its weapon , promptly winding up to murder the irritating intruder .
te	NNS	But their logic is if you are attacked and defeated , at least the clans won 't gain anything too valuable or dangerous . "
te	NNS	Crossbow bolts whistled with a twang of taut strings .
te	NN	But somebody claps before I get the words out .
te	NN	" The stripped-down MAV will get up to 12 g 's during the launch .
te	NN	The atmosphere was positively vile .
te	NNS	The worn , holey soles of his boots told her everything she needed to know about him .
te	NN	The nurse watched her carefully , debating whether or not she should try and ask her .
te	NNS	The clouds bunch up above us , take on a steely tinge .
te	NNS	Several adults were shouting and demanding they sit , but the children laughed and ran .
te	NNS	Gold rays heated her face .
te	NNS	Jett 's brows burrowed into the sexiest frown I had ever seen .
te	NN	After attempts at recreating existing sonic bombs were unsuccessful , armament research returned to nuclear development .
te	NN	An ounce of prevention was worth a pound of cure .
te	NNS	As they rounded a turn , a deer stepped into their lane .
te	NNS	But the feathers that rose from the back of his head made Lucas fairly certain he might be an Indian .
te	NN	Wind begins to whip around the house , rattling the windows and whistling through the roof slates .
te	NNS	Smashwords Edition © 2014 Craig Turner All rights reserved .
te	NN	The photo of the civil war soldiers came up on the screen .
te	NN	My attacker was convulsing on the cave floor like an epileptic .
te	NN	The dancing and the closed quarters with so many people had exhausted me .
te	NN	The bubble of happiness burst .
te	NN	The traditional fruitcake my mother makes is excellent .
te	NN	The fatigue on their face from moments ago washed away with pride .
te	NNS	The only other spirits that are allowed to see the awesome sight are the spirits in charge of prayer requests . "
te	NN	The corridor was empty .
te	NNS	Like Caesar 's , Iona 's nerves dropped away .
te	NN	He looked over at the tropical garden , the pathway lit by soft lights , the leaves and flowers glowing in the light of the moon .
te	NNS	Probably more half breeds existed than humans knew about .
te	NNS	There were several dishes in the sink besides her own .
te	NN	Not that the role didn 't come with its own drama .
te	NNS	Zeus sighed again and darted into the trees .
te	NN	" Does the device function automatically whenever someone comes aboard ? "
te	NN	A dozen slurred voices added their opinions , but I recognized the prickle crawling over my bare arms .
te	NNS	" Lex , air demons go everywhere .
te	NN	Not a dime on food we won 't eat or clothes we won 't wear or gifts no one needs .
te	NNS	These parties were all about who had the most to offer .
te	NNS	" Forward cannons loaded , Lil ? "
te	NNS	The weeds and grass were scratchy and thick .
te	NNS	The feds didn 't know .
te	NN	" Planting season is starting throughout the Midwest .
te	NNS	The cirrus clouds told him that tomorrow if not today there could be rain , so the inside of his place could well be filled .
te	NN	The only reminder of the night I almost died was the scar on my thigh .
te	NNS	There are so many ugly buildings around .
te	NN	And all debate was moot if this was the only corridor they knew about .
te	NN	Everybody get out ! "
te	NNS	More gunshots rang out , dozens or more as she found herself giving up the attempt to count them and focusing on getting back to her feet .
te	NNS	Essentially the higher ups had their panties in a wad about what went down at the Superstitions last night and wanted to chat with him .
te	NNS	Not that the woman ever dared hit her , but there were worse things , tasks so unpleasant one would almost prefer a beating .
te	NN	Within an hour a big pile of silver and gold and other trinkets were in the court of the tavern .
te	NNS	Voices died down and soft music started to play over the room 's speakers .
te	NN	Daniel groaned as the old man flipped to another memory -- the fireworks in old lady McCormick 's mailbox .
te	NN	And , " she gave him a look of mischief and love , " refusal is not an option . "
te	NN	The bull roared and reared up on its hind legs , twisting away from the noise and pain .
te	NN	The nurse left the room , closing the door behind her .
te	NN	The chime told me that I was holding expensive crystal and had better not drop it .
te	NNS	" The feds can put him in the system , Titus , but I 'll find him . "
te	NNS	Your veins should be red and strong and healthy .
te	NN	His role was simple in comparison to the marvelous , deadly things she 'd built and so fast , too .
te	NN	Nobody can help her now .
te	NNS	But the customs and passport men brushed past him to the conductor 's cabin , and after five inscrutable minutes , went on down the train .
te	NNS	Servants placed a silver bowl before each guest seated at the table .
te	NN	The sting of it turned me defensive : " No vacation until I can pay half . "
te	NNS	Whole communities live beneath the streets of London -- in the old tube tunnels , in abandoned stations , old sewerage lines .
te	NN	And nobody had known a thing .
te	NN	Izzy 's kin had moved like lightning as soon as they 'd heard she was gone , calling in the Imperial Guards and readying them for combat .
te	NNS	Spider webs intricately weave long thin nets across the corners of the room .
te	NN	The dagger above the fireplace beckons me .
te	NN	A frown appeared on Holiday 's face .
te	NN	The dinosaur nodded happily and rubbed its head against Bluebeard 's side .
te	NN	No , the bus is rocking gently from side to side , pushed and pulled by hundreds of hands .
te	NNS	Their spirits suddenly lifted .
te	NNS	There were some clouds at the sky , but it was still quite warm .
te	NN	Inside the chest was a collection of strangely shaped glass ornaments .
te	NN	I practise nat ' ral medicine ! '
te	NN	Then a deeper grumble came , a complaint of rock and sand .
te	NNS	The ropes burned and burned .
te	NN	Even a humble farmer expected to be buried with a selection of crafted livestock , which would somehow become real in the netherworld .
te	NNS	A few photos of the woman came through , none of which were flattering .
te	NN	" Steamed fish is good but I love fish cooked over an open flame . "
te	NNS	In them , the sparkles say , " There !
te	NNS	Eros made a face at Trish as he and Psyche swept inside .
te	NNS	His wings popped from the slits in his back , black gossamer that ripped away the remaining tatters of his shirt and expanded across the entire cell .
te	NNS	The cows crowded at the back of the barn , waiting for the door to open .
te	NN	The property of the crystal and the power of the battery had somehow joined together and created a freezing beam of light .
te	NNS	Friends of someone who knows Josh , I guess .
te	NN	There was half a package of tater tots in the freezer , too , and I found an unopened bottle of cranberry cocktail in the pantry .
te	NN	" I will die , " one teenage soldier told me , " in a manner far beyond your worst imagination .
te	NN	Your makeup is perfection , enhancing your beauty without shouting it from the rooftops .
te	NNS	His bones creaked loudly .
te	NN	Fog , thick and dense , blanketed the sky , muffling every sound .
te	NNS	" There are two bedrooms on this level and three more upstairs .
te	NNS	Hobbs glanced at me .
te	NN	Fish suppressed a smile .
te	NN	Sex didn 't solve problems , but it sure made the delaying a hell of a lot more pleasurable .
te	NNS	There 's fifteen or twenty buildings gathered round the pond at the bottom of the falls before the river starts up again .
te	NN	His refusal throws me almost as much as his expression .
te	NN	A cold lump formed in my stomach each time I thought about what they 'd wanted to do , and I thought they were getting off easy .
te	NNS	Maybe there are special devils for people like you , Lucky , did you ever think of that ?
te	NN	The soldier slowly stood , balancing himself against Roberts ' and my shoulders .
te	NNS	Cooper sighs loudly , " Yeah . "
te	NNS	Once he had her inside his house , however , all bets were off .
te	NN	Panic strangled me as I spun around and lunged back towards Emma .
te	NNS	The other lads closed in .
te	NN	Rage was the pain .
te	NN	Inside she found a temple dedicated to muscle , cardio and sweat .
te	NNS	Walls of swirling mist surrounded him , obscuring his vision of the rest of the home .
te	NN	The cop drew broad strokes through parts of the form that did not apply to us , perhaps previous convictions or gainful employment or significant other .
te	NNS	" Jingle bells , jingle bells , jingle all the way - " He stopped .
te	NNS	Unused green candles and hardback books littered the shelves and coffee table and looked new but dusty .
te	NN	FOURTEEN The season started and Dave 's vision of the new number 44 , Matt Phillips , became even clearer .
te	NNS	Rich with life , the waters were home to the rare river dolphins .
te	NNS	But , his ideals had left him without a throne , and had left his city surrounded by enemies .
te	NN	" I can 't believe this , " said the announcer .
te	NN	" Good morning , " His Honor said with a loud voice and a large smile .
te	NN	The cemetery lies just behind the mortuary proper , no headstones , just long rows of glittering plaques .
te	NN	Panic rose in Amira , and she burst into tears .
te	NN	" Nobody knew about it ? "
te	NNS	Rules that go against the Most High 's desires .
te	NN	The gist was , Andrea had a plan and they had just run off and left her with nobody to boss around .
te	NNS	Prometheus rubbed his hands over the candles again .
te	NNS	" Not with two armies camped practically against the walls . "
te	NN	My winning streak ended only in my mind .
te	NN	The realization that Ryder was going to be moving in with us the next day hit both of us as soon as we got back .
te	NNS	Years under his heel taught us how to deal with a Hassle Stone . "
te	NN	The realization was like a rush of cold air .
te	NNS	Boots 's unearthly shrieks were causing many of the spiders to curl up in cowering balls .
te	NN	My issue was a woman .
te	NN	" There was a passageway , a secret fucking passageway . "
te	NNS	Tallis shot up and grabbed a bottle of water before tossing it to her .
te	NN	The effect it had on the leaves was an astonishing rainbow .
te	NNS	There are two aspects in which you may be able to help us .
te	NN	The painkiller Cheyenne had given her a few minutes earlier had taken effect but hadn 't yet dragged her into a sleepy stupor .
te	NN	The bead of red , white and black eddies was floating in the peachy pearly liquid .
te	NNS	The natives wrote a song about that fight .
te	NN	The prince had said he would come today for her answer .
te	NNS	The dark circles around her eyes remind me that I 'm not the only one suffering from my night terrors .
te	NNS	The Iron Sisters aren 't like the Silent Brothers .
te	NNS	Gatsby was starting to pace , his protests directed more at himself and his logic than his father .
te	NNS	Alarm bells went off in the back of my mind .
te	NNS	The archives contained no records of ocean phenomenon that could wipe out an entire island .
te	NNS	Had the gossip merchants spun some stupid story about her ?
te	NN	Quite clearly my affirmation of my previous vow was an EVENT of the first magnitude .
te	NN	Your virtue is safe with me . "
te	NN	The flaw in the program was that the program was irrevocably flawed , contaminated with a self-destruct virus that was intrinsic to the program itself .
te	NNS	" Friends are comfortable with each other .
te	NN	A strong breeze might even be overkill -- a weak one would likely do just as well .
te	NNS	Her limbs were beginning to feel the familiar relaxation a good buzz could bring .
te	NN	Anyone with a shred of perceptiveness could see that the point of this dinner wasn 't to share a meal with old family friends .
te	NN	Behind her came mine host , summoned by the maid 's cry .
te	NNS	Wood splinters went everywhere .
te	NNS	Then rumors would resurface , the threat of rebellion rebuilding , and a civil war would ensue as the people became desperate and foolish .
te	NNS	His fingertips slid over the hard top , fumbled over the side of it , touched the handle , and then he froze in place .
te	NNS	Dolores offered him her arm , and they walked back toward the village .
te	NN	And the metaphor he used was crossing a shallow stream without getting your shoes wet .
te	NN	I knew I had to keep moving , but I couldn 't find the courage to do anything but stand there , rendered immobile by panic .
te	NN	In a situation like that , how was a marriage license any more than a piece of paper ?
te	NN	But the Nyon temple seemed to be erected brand anew .
te	NN	Your disappointment makes me sad .
te	NN	Before either one of us could move , the zombie lurched forward , moving faster than I ever thought one could .
te	NN	An occasional breeze passed by but nothing more .
te	NNS	Happy endings are a lie we tell our children to believe in , a cruel lie .
te	NNS	Because the obtaining of earthly possessions is ungodly .
te	NN	There is an old psychic named Marceline .
te	NNS	Samuel 's biceps flexed .
te	NNS	Jess glanced at his watch .
te	NNS	The engines fired into life , they coughed , they sputtered , they began chugging .
te	NN	The chill got to her , and she wrapped the sweater more tightly around herself .
te	NN	The impact of her words cleared the worry from his brow .
te	NN	Somehow , involuntarily , that groan acquired melody .
te	NN	The store-bought brand clearly put Junior at ease .
te	NN	Her throne was at risk and they would be going to war .
te	NN	Her little crush on him wasn 't as small as she tried to make herself believe .
te	NNS	Jess put her feet down but didn 't let Johnnie go .
te	NN	An unexpected transmission cut the conversation short .
te	NNS	Zeus was gesticulating so wildly that a number of other shoppers had stopped to watch what was unfolding .
te	NNS	Legolas went with him .
te	NNS	A few stalks of wheat shivered .
te	NNS	Both schools have extensive literatures , and later Logic ( after 1400 ) is known for its professional techniques of cognitive analysis .
te	NN	Our intelligence of maximizing joys and minimizing pains has made us confined to individual joys and pains .
te	NNS	Once the driver successfully started the stubborn car , my nerves only grew .
te	NN	The temple became the chief temple for worship of Osiris and Horus - who went up into the heavens to do battle in winged discs with Seti .
te	NNS	Amadeus snarled at her bravado .
te	NNS	Jack 's brows came together as he stood and moved towards the blinking light on his desk .
te	NNS	Angus had been their Dad 's right hand man , the leader in Duncan 's absence , working side by side with their father .
te	NN	Inside the atmosphere was rapidly moving from dismay to outright panic .
te	NNS	The slender branches ran the tree 's height and he started to climb under the weight of his tunic .
te	NNS	' Faith moves mountains , my lord , ' said Moist .
te	NN	Yes , his imagination took flight in pranks , but never anything dangerous . "
te	NNS	" Soul mates aren 't necessarily lovers .
te	NNS	" Your powers and abilities are nothing compared to what this creature may be able to do . "
te	NN	The shepherd galloped over and skidded to a stop .
te	NNS	Black helicopters circled overhead .
te	NN	While I was eating , still lying in bed , raised on an elbow , my host came in .
te	NN	A bright yellow school bus pulled up to the corner and stopped .
te	NN	A rifle and a microscope crossed like an X on a field of pale blue .
te	NNS	Then there was both our families descending unexpectedly .
te	NN	Spirit 's acceptance of the food seemed to give approval to the others .
te	NN	Her red bungee headband , red dangle earrings -- also her mother 's -- and black flats completed the look .
te	NN	There is this intelligence of average people , which urges them to label a subjective blame to other 's pains .
te	NN	That shore in the distance was an illusion .
te	NN	The brush with death had energized the man from Georgia and he pushed his assault on Pierce with more fervour than before .
te	NN	Company leadership was strangely silent regarding the announcement .
te	NN	The impact shook the walls and rattled the cages hanging from the ceilings .
te	NNS	" The bags of blood filling the refrigerator usually give it away . "
te	NN	The squeaking protest of the hinges is like a scream to my suddenly hypersensitive ears .
te	NNS	" Bow ties are cool . "
te	NNS	Lukas was a patient man .
te	NNS	There were lots of other details he hadn 't noticed - like the emergency escape hatch in the domed ceiling of the lab .
te	NNS	" Since when do bears make those kinds of noises ? "
te	NN	There was also a basket full of various balls in one of the corners .
te	NNS	All the formalities would be observed .
te	NNS	Those fibers will muck up her natural pacemaker , stop her heart and that will be that .
te	NN	Losing faith in yourself is what caused you to make the wrong choices . '
te	NN	Despite the urgency of the situation , bitter disappointment coursed through me .
te	NN	The meter beeped only a few seconds later .
te	NN	" You can 't get away from me , " the Kelsey in her dreams had said .
te	NN	Some concoction of their own invention looks like .
te	NNS	The rumors coming from backstage seem to confirm Pit Bull 's testimony .
te	NNS	The drivers were saying goodbye to their families .
te	NNS	" Well , two bedrooms and at least one-and-a-half bathrooms , but it has to be in the same neighborhood as we 're in now .
te	NNS	The scientists would draw extraordinary conclusions about the heavy concentration of tar and nicotine , interlaced with animal fats and other meat byproducts .
te	NNS	His dark brows dipped low and his jaw bulged with frustrated anger .
te	NN	The nurse had brought it to me this morning .
te	NNS	Unless they want to teach it , most students don 't see the point of philosophy .
te	NNS	Aquarius smirked at Samara enjoying his petty revenge .
te	NN	The throaty purr in her voice and the look in her eyes told him she was only too willing to do anything he asked .
te	NN	" No jewelry , " he said .
te	NN	Concern tightened her eyes , and Jessa ran her gaze over me .
te	NN	" Cake and ice cream ? "
te	NN	His demeanor had shifted .
te	NN	His denial was instant and strong .
te	NNS	The photos fell from her fingers as Holly suddenly felt as if she was being smothered .
te	NN	The urge to hold her and kiss her was strong , but he doubted Carol would let him .
te	NN	Your opinion of Gabriel means the world to him .
te	NN	Where did a cop from D.C. get this kind of technology ?
te	NNS	There were no clouds at all .
te	NN	Yes , there 's a small hill about twenty meters to the south .
te	NNS	His senses began reeling .
te	NNS	Unfortunately , most subjects reminded me of Rigel and his unexplained absence , which slowed me down .
te	NN	Maggie 's cellphone sat on her desktop seeming to mock her .
te	NNS	Three quick flashes , evenly spaced . "
te	NN	Might as well go piss off by myself , " Noel 's great-grandfather stormed off toward the latrine .
te	NN	No mouse was big enough or clever enough to be trying to turn the key in her bedroom door .
te	NN	Her ankle screamed out in pain , and she fell down to her butt on the side of the curb with an embarrassed gasp .
te	NNS	The stones were heavy and unlike their crumbling appearance in history books , they were pristine and straight .
te	NN	As she opened the door a strong breeze picked and the fallen leaves blew in behind her , crunching loudly under their feet as they walked in .
te	NNS	Right then , a coldness overtook her .
te	NN	There was also an old poem that seemed important , like a prophecy , that involved him .
te	NNS	Tess threw it open and hurled herself toward Aaron , crying , " Don 't shoot him , Aaron ! "
te	NN	Wind howled beyond the curtains , bedside lamps flickering in response , bringing a momentary blink of reason .
te	NNS	Only professional criminals and policemen keep track of everything . "
te	NN	Nobody had called since she 'd arrived .
te	NNS	No bells tolled the time any longer , but it had been a while .
te	NNS	Gaius shook his head , dismissing his strange imaginings .
te	NNS	His brows shot up .
te	NN	The rat looked almost ecstatic .
te	NN	His head swam and his vision was full of blotches .
te	NN	Somewhere , a great bell began to peal .
te	NN	the nurse yelled out of the room .
te	NN	Wind whistles through the stadium , rattling the plastic seats .
te	NNS	Jess turned and slid a leg up higher on her seat as she pressed her chest against my arm .
te	NNS	Soon its reactions spread in different parts of the country like a wild fire .
te	NN	And so a mutually rewarding friendship gradually emerged between the beautiful woman and the old , wise master .
te	NN	Anyone normal would have a heart attack .
te	NNS	The machines inside beeped , buzzed , breathed , and pumped in rhythmic harmony .
te	NNS	" There are no deer . "
te	NNS	What are the odds ? "
te	NN	The attendant placed the back of her hand across Li 's forehead and felt the extreme heat .
te	NN	My mind swimming , I focused on putting one foot in front of the other .
te	NN	The loan might have been interest free but I know how stressful all of this has been .
te	NNS	The cheers were so loud ; they felt like the air itself .
te	NN	His cock flexed invitingly .
te	NN	A wedge will come between us .
te	NN	An enormous yellow fireball erupted from his arm and shot into the pipe .
te	NN	" The Mother Ship ? "
te	NN	Kissing a hot surfer boy ?
te	NN	A small frown touched her lips as insecurity flashed in her eyes .
te	NN	Underneath the photo was a button headed ' more info ' , and I pressed it .
te	NN	The hum of the engine sputtered .
te	NNS	Until the 1960s , scientists accepted as gospel that cultured cell lines that always died were somehow ... still ... immortal .
te	NNS	Gino laughed again , the creases on his old face were long , but part of his charm .
te	NNS	Sweet scents rose to Altair on his perch high above : perfumes and oils , spices and pastries .
te	NN	His angular jawline softened as he grinned .
te	NNS	The barbs , though , drew blood .
te	NNS	Thick storm clouds had settled low in the sky above the plain .
te	NN	The lawn needed mowing , and there were several throwaway newspapers on the driveway .
te	NN	The old bull didn 't take the bait .
te	NNS	The spiders were backing away and creating a buffer zone around him .
te	NN	The strange combination of colors and designs should have looked garish but for some reason it all went together perfectly .
te	NNS	Demons are too full of hate and rage to be too clever .
te	NNS	My demons are still inside me , though , Abbi .
te	NN	" Anyone want a drink ? "
te	NN	" Come , come , " her host was cajoling .
te	NN	The cold , ocean breeze leaves patches of damp sensation on her skin .
te	NN	A rusty looking , three quarter ton pickup with dust boiling and billowing from behind , rounded the curve on the entrance road and swung into view .
te	NN	And after a few more hugs , my amazing aunt got into her rental car and headed to her hotel .
te	NN	My record was spotless .
te	NN	The beams glittered off a tangled mass of glass and metal , and as Claire blinked , things came into focus .
te	NN	I wanted to scream in rage and frustration , wanted to pull my hair and stomp around the clearing like a two year old throwing a tantrum .
te	NNS	The other students shuffled in at that moment , almost like it was deliberately timed .
te	NNS	Lies demanded constant attention to prevent going against previous statements and it was safer that way .
te	NN	As we boarded the bus , a muffled thumping floated down from the second floor , followed by a rhythmic twang .
te	NNS	Bits of guilt remain , but not as strong .
te	NN	Her large hat brim and scientifically designed coat kept her from getting soaked , but there still seemed no reason for her to just sit there .
te	NN	The group parted and a tall man strode out .
te	NN	Walking down the corridor felt weird , like I was walking to my doom .
te	NNS	" Most dads tell their sons not to think with their dicks .
te	NNS	Lukas followed Lord Nemesis down the hall into his personal workshop and then to the private workshop doorway .
te	NN	There 's no shortage of resources .
te	NNS	In case the view didn 't make it clear you were dining near an airport , the menu titles did .
te	NN	Come on , indentured servant , " Trajan pulled Ashe off his seat .
te	NNS	Scanning the pub the lads guessed the second band had yet to arrive .
te	NN	But somebody has to . "
te	NNS	Footsteps scuffed across the asphalt somewhere close behind her .
te	NNS	Sam 's blond brows shot up and his brow furrowed .
te	NN	His mask looked eerie in the gathering darkness and he held his gun at the ready .
te	NNS	His brows rose at her firm words .
te	NN	R wonders aloud , interrupting the scene again , and I feel a lurch as we swap places .
te	NN	Urgency filled her , frenzy overtook her .
te	NNS	Other writers may not agree but I think an outline is very useful .
te	NNS	Bakersfield outskirts seem a booming metropolis compared to where we 've been , and the local drivers pushy and rude .
te	NN	There wasn 't a great amount to follow so Abby made sure keep an eye on which direction it was taking her .
te	NN	" Over the course of the next few weeks , the prosecution will attempt to blacken Ms. Jax 's name .
te	NNS	And there was Angus .
te	NN	The urge to get back to Steve grew more intense , like invisible chains pulling at her .
te	NNS	Apparently the more drivers that were present and their diversity drive the number of human conflicts . "
te	NN	No , his hat featured a rude cartoon of a hand with its middle finger up .
te	NN	Our battling caused significant damage , especially to Nicholas and me .
te	NNS	Justus couldn 't understand if what he was seeing was real .
te	NN	The device beeped once , and instantly began counting down .
te	NNS	The clouds obscured the moon and stars and made the darkness almost total .
te	NNS	Around his neck and on his left wrist were ornaments of bright and beautifully worked gold .
te	NNS	These rocks hit the lower edges of the wall and underneath the wall where numbers 17 and 18 are patrolling .
te	NN	Rain began to come down in a steady pace .
te	NNS	With his free hand , the very tips of his fingers touched her back .
te	NN	The headline captured Jason Shepherd 's imagination .
te	NNS	Her erect nipples strained at the thin , silky fabric .
te	NNS	Only the shell holes disrupted our straight marching lines .
te	NNS	The machines fired back and their bullets hit many men as they crouched behind shields and fortifications .
te	NN	Everybody knows it but you .
te	NN	A lump forms in my throat at the thought of what he 'd look like playing the drums with no shirt .
te	NN	The wallpaper was hanging off the walls in tatters .
te	NN	The temperature was at least forty degrees higher than the day before , and the sun burned down from a cloudless blue sky .
te	NN	A small exposure can leave them vulnerable for days vomiting blood .
te	NNS	Zeus fixed him with a beseeching gaze before reluctantly sitting .
te	NNS	Just seven nights of that was horrifying . "
te	NNS	Tomas was right behind him when he stepped down from the carriage , but paused to frown at Beth when she , too , followed .
te	NN	But Rush and his wife , Blaire , are here .
te	NNS	Vampires have taken them all .
te	NNS	Her brows drew together in warning .
te	NN	A narrow corridor of space unaffected by the pull led away from planet .
te	NN	What is a flanking strap ? "
te	NNS	Plus the mental numbness was now spreading throughout my body in an almost pleasurable way .
te	NN	" At this point , only a physician can help her . "
te	NN	" Dave Kemp in the shop , " the third farmer said , impatiently , like Reacher was an idiot .
te	NN	The signal on the Commissioner 's desk was flickering madly .
te	NN	The clan gave him a very nice funeral , though .
te	NN	" Nobody 's checking anybody in . "
te	NNS	The hinges creaked as he pushed open the door , and the floorboards sagged against his weight as he stepped through .
te	NNS	Lucius nuzzled his face into her neck , sending shivers up her spine .
te	NN	" Inside every lump of coal there 's a diamond waiting to get out , right ? "
te	NNS	Other notes make less sense and I flip through the pages trying to get an idea of what exactly the incantation is supposed to do .
te	NNS	Once out the door and in my car , my nerves start to get the better of me .
te	NN	Stanley had his sights set on retirement at age 60 , a nice government pension fattened on 30 years of service .
te	NN	But as he straightened , his mask slipped , and for a moment I saw his weariness .
te	NN	On the opposite end of the city lay another hill and signs of a great house protruding above the thick forest cover .
te	NN	The new drug or disease that was touching humans and Others alike had become more than a worry .
te	NN	A stiff whiskey seemed just the thing .
te	NN	The elongated brass handle gradually lowered , and as the door opened the sweet aroma of rose oil drifted my way .
te	NNS	Ares shakes his head , his focus still locked on Cyrus .
te	NN	The jealousy he feels for his youngest brother is a dark poison , eating him from the inside , making him bitter and vengeful .
te	NNS	Now if only I could get the rest of the world to think like that , political parties would get a tad more interesting .
te	NN	The Admiral stretches out his arms .
te	NN	So why did this photo haunt me so ?
te	NN	The trick was exuding confidence , something Gabrielle was not feeling at the moment .
te	NN	All the jewelry and expensive handbags he bought for her got pawned .
te	NNS	A few blocks and a turn into an alley showed Jim 's destination , the same apartment complex I 'd had the pleasure of visiting once before .
te	NNS	He laughed softly , the notes joyous and pure , slipping into her mind to twine unexpectedly around her heart .
te	NN	There were no clouds overhead yet , but a heaviness was in the air ; it was hot for the season of the year .
te	NN	" Sex is new for you .
te	NNS	Goodness knows he would do the same .
te	NN	The tingle of his breath raced from her ear canal straight to her toes , which curled in her killer heels .
te	NN	The nurse was in the door .
te	NNS	There were no animals to be seen , in fact no sign of life .
te	NNS	Peaches picked up the astonishment amongst the older males who were watching .
te	NNS	After that , all bets were off .
te	NN	When he saw Sir Hugo 's familiar figure descending from the railway carriage , his life-long affection submerged all ground for blame .
te	NNS	The wards around him thickened , shielding him from the blows that pelted his frontal perimeter .
te	NNS	Stray feathers marked it as a former chicken coop .
te	NNS	Dragos cocked his head and studied her , wondering which of the two scenarios would amuse him more .
te	NN	The taxi flew away .
te	NN	There was a scramble inside the barrier , and she feared hitting Gabriel , so she waited .
te	NN	" What was the wrong conclusion you leaped to about me ? "
te	NN	Some weird urge to jump out of the car and run nagged at my insides .
te	NNS	My insides tightened C I thought the police had come to the aid of their companions , meaning almost certain defeat for us .
te	NNS	The rickshaw drivers looked as if they were going to kiss the Captain for the additional rest he had just earned them .
te	NNS	Wire hangers spilled around him .
te	NNS	His brows furrowed as he straightened his arms , putting distance between them .
te	NNS	Its two jet engines growled to life .
te	NN	Any merchant who didn 't adapt fast enough was going to suffer .
te	NNS	No trees swayed in the breeze , no animals scampered in the forest , as if the world itself had come to a halt .
te	NNS	Humans seem to be a species which does best at wishing the worst upon others .
te	NNS	The beetles will adapt .
te	NN	The prosecution had subpoenaed him .
te	NNS	My rights would have you dead . "
te	NN	A small fleet of wagons came up in the rear , carrying provisions or something .
te	NN	Can somebody stay the night ?
te	NNS	The old maps are no use : things have changed for the worse and the road is unguarded .
te	NNS	Even demons have some dignity .
te	NN	For two decades , historians knew the smaller stone at the museum was a copy , the fate of the original a mystery .
te	NNS	His senses reignited when he felt himself deep within her .
te	NN	The Key of Hearts is now available .
te	NNS	Now that the two were grappling in close quarters , however , all bets were off .
te	NNS	Ares rubbed Aphrodite 's arms gently as he gazed into her eyes .
te	NNS	There are 10 massive pillars in the room and as soon as you set foot within they all start sliding towards you as if by magic .
te	NNS	Too many other distractions are flying around in my head .
te	NN	The hilt of the blade is leather wrapped , and I had seen how sharp the edge was when she cut her meat .
te	NN	There is no urgency anymore . "
te	NNS	Many students felt the property was better suited for a prison than a school .
te	NNS	" What are your strengths and weaknesses ? "
te	NN	" I didn 't hear from you , " his Lordship continued .
te	NN	Although the exterior of the building looked more like a princess 's castle than a vampire enclave , the interior looked like an art gallery .
te	NN	Any assassin who came to kill Rand should think that he could ignore Min .
te	NN	Today 's maximum temperature will be twenty-seven degrees Celsius with a humidity of eighty-five percent .
te	NN	She could not look at him as she drew the edges of her shirt up , felt the cool shift of air over her suddenly bare skin .
te	NNS	Her insides went cold and still .
te	NNS	The feathers almost curved to the side , creating a colorful spiral of feathers thinning out to the end -- where another feature made Julio swallow .
te	NN	" The skull is Mark .
te	NN	A tug on his sleeve made him turn and he noticed Ophelia was pointing beyond the burning brush .
te	NNS	The black streaks on the walls from the smoke were now the only reminder of the fire .
te	NNS	The metal shards that had been ripped asunder by the explosion dug into our backs .
te	NN	The gambler chuckled despite himself .
te	NNS	" Horses are part of the experience I 'm looking for , and I could learn the rest .
te	NNS	Jess then turned towards the front door and ushered us inside .
te	NNS	" A few subs will try to gain my attention .
te	NN	A taller bush whipped back , hitting Louise across the face as Aiden pushed past it .
te	NN	Nor will Desmond or Ayla .
te	NNS	The peasants down there burn peat in their stoves .
te	NNS	The clouds were already scurrying away leaving blue sky in their place and colours and smells that seemed even more vivid in the afterglow of the rain .
te	NN	The fork in her hand trembled slightly .
te	NNS	Like violent demons , the cannons came to life as they reported with a thunderous roar , shaking the ground under them .
te	NN	The attraction wasn 't one-sided .
te	NNS	Most common demons cannot speak human languages .
te	NNS	Golden rays broke over slate clouds tinged with silver .
te	NN	Was the file only for information about the body they 'd found in the canyon ?
te	NN	A connected gaze that lasted a moment longer than necessary , but alas , there was nothing so romantic as that .
te	NNS	Her lead individuals from each department all arrived within the last forty-eight hours .
te	NN	When she reached the top , a faint breeze stirred her clothes , and she could feel the coolness of her drying sweat .
te	NNS	Then the wheels skidded on the porch floor again .
te	NN	The ladder was retracted .
te	NN	The singing seemed to be growing louder , as well .
te	NNS	Military and civilian locals alike gravitated to the bar decorated with Air Force test memorabilia dating back to the 1940s .
te	NN	The ogre pointed to his face .
te	NN	Silence settled over the clearing , broken only by the sounds of the night .
te	NN	A very low moan escaped her throat as he teased first one breast then the other .
te	NNS	" These spirits will try to trick you .
te	NNS	Clubs sat in his corner , overseeing , occasionally smiling , and generally enjoying his ability to give the best scowls in the room .
te	NN	The bus gave a sudden jerk to the side and fog began to swarm beneath the cracks and crevasses of the doors and windows .
te	NN	Except the school nurse was getting kinda smart about how much Kirstie showed up .
te	NNS	At that moment , the dice started rattling in his head .
te	NN	An ill fate is on me this day , and all that I do goes amiss .
te	NNS	Vimes was aware that people had been speaking .
te	NNS	But with as close as these buildings are ... " I gestured around at how tightly packed in everything on the compound was .
te	NNS	Then some braves picked up Wolf Eyes and Wounded Eagle and carried them up , high above their heads , as they danced around the fire .
te	NN	" The nurse gave me some fresh water with ice .
te	NN	The combination made him the best detective on the force .
te	NNS	Tess , on the other hand , is a victim .
te	NNS	Wooden bullets on vampire prey .
te	NN	An unusual mark , and more dangerous than it looked .
te	NNS	Iris was in a class all on her own .
te	NN	The effect created was that he had sprouted a pair of colourful horns .
te	NN	The crack was the same .
te	NNS	The clouds never swirled or thinned .
te	NN	A serpent of bright crimson launched itself from his fingers and bit at the translucent beast .
te	NN	With powerful wings , the eagle would lift itself airborne again , with the fish hanging in the talons .
te	NNS	My body tenses as light encircles me .
te	NN	The Revolution doesn 't matter anymore ; France is back to her old ways , and the two of us are part of it . "
te	NNS	His grades were stellar , despite spending very little time in class .
te	NNS	The results of the Student Body Presidency are about to be announced .
te	NN	The shuttle punched through the side of the hill and everything went black .
te	NNS	Servants brought in plates of food , helping to divert the attention away from her .
te	NN	Besides , the boomerang was having a strange effect on her , like she was meant to have it .
te	NNS	Her grades weren 't any worse in college than they 'd been in high school .
te	NN	The stretch of field here was a finger between two patches of dense forest .
te	NN	With an elated cry , her mum pulled out an old folder made from thin wooden slats , the cloth bindings threadbare and shredding .
te	NNS	Her nails raked down the side of my neck and over my chest , traveling down until it fell completely away .
te	NNS	There are so many services that the community depends upon that are offered in that center .
te	NNS	Two days ago , two deputies had shown up with a warrant to remove Aubrey 's belongings .
te	NNS	There were hordes of them roaming on either side of the road .
te	NNS	Not even mice stirred in the building anymore .
te	NN	The new resident was a crotchety old man named Mr. Smith , and I snickered every time he barked an order as I crossed into the room .
te	NN	When she opened her mouth to scream , a wicker strand shot from the chair and pierced her larynx .
te	NNS	Nick was still and silent , his nightmares no longer plaguing him .
te	NNS	However , now those tear streaks from the past did not match the look of despise and determination , as she glared at her obsessed husband .
te	NN	Neither occupant appeared inclined to move , pending the conclusion of another of their seemingly never-ending conversations regarding this subject .
te	NN	Our destination motel was next to a truck stop on the highway halfway to Texas .
te	NN	The coach quickly started walking towards Lea and grabbed her shoulder just in time to stop her from launching another punch to an unconscious Centaur .
te	NNS	The photos above are two of the many that Billy produced in the early 1990s .
te	NNS	Flags bearing coats of arms fluttered from the conical spires .
te	NNS	Michaels lifted his fists almost as though he were ready to accept the challenge .
te	NN	His destination would be behind him , so he looked over his shoulder .
te	NN	There was indeed a certain thumping under the cheers .
te	NNS	Some old accounts support that the Germans had found a vast underground cavern system of warm lakes , vast crevasses , and tunnels . "
te	NN	There was that strange , stunning snap in the air , the same snap that had stilled a mob for moments at the pier .
te	NN	The beast has slowly made painful steps to push against Roland 's power to come within inches of his crouched frame .
te	NN	What do yeh think caused that ? "
te	NNS	Footsteps sounded across the kitchen floor , then creaked on the stairs .
te	NN	The sexual attraction between them had been instantaneous from the start .
te	NNS	The Sisters of Doom paraded into the room as though they owned the place .
te	NN	Any disturbance will be punishable by death . "
te	NN	Between top and tip were perfect makeup , crisp clothes , erect posture and an insight into fashion shared with her friends .
te	NNS	The small groups of musicians played music and whisked me back to the 1800s .
te	NN	So the rumour of his mission would spread fast .
te	NN	The tickle came back and he opened his eyes .
te	NN	" Rage is the common element in every case we 've come across . "
te	NNS	Voices never entered her dreams .
te	NNS	The lids went wide , the pupils dilated and they locked right onto hers .
te	NN	But the funeral had been a closed casket .
te	NNS	On the next flip , a cold wind scrapes against the bottom of her freshly formed feet , still raw from scales retracting in .
te	NNS	Leviathan 's demons must have done more damage to me than the first time he broke my back .
te	NNS	At night , we have to sleep with nets over our beds because of the mosquitos -- mind you , the locals can be just as dangerous .
te	NN	The church bus parked at the truck stop across the highway prompted his U-turn .
te	NN	" The accused is Miss Cordova Thomas , companion to Lady Alice Grey .
te	NN	But my disdain for mit ens took on a new depth when looking at Macy 's ( Macy 's 's ? )
te	NN	A flicker of purple light danced in his eyes .
te	NN	There was a metallic groan and the submersible suddenly lurched forward .
te	NN	Sex was a natural function that two consenting adults engaged in without much drama .
te	NN	" Nobody 's perfect . "
te	NN	The scientist pulled Nameless Andrew backwards and then punched him on the chin .
te	NNS	Her curves , her smell , drove him insane .
te	NNS	Sisters don 't count .
te	NN	Her imagination could barely comprehend such a beautiful image .
te	NNS	The speakers in the cabin crackled and a voice answered , " Trans Pacific one two one here .
te	NN	Before she could analyze his words , wonder if any pertained to her , the limo stopped .
te	NNS	Clubs always turned his copper on around Breeze ; it was one of the few times he used it .
te	NNS	Even the reporters were quiet .
te	NN	What really struck both the scientific community and the population , was the likeness between the Martian and the earthly DNA .
te	NN	There was a rippling crack , the ghoul 's battle cry turned into an agonized scream , and he vanished into the cold waters of Lake Michigan .
te	NNS	Zeus took Karin 's hand from his hair and held it .
te	NNS	Crassus just stared at him , his face going pale .
te	NNS	There were no new reports in any of the major papers , but an independent bi-weekly local newspaper provided some personal information about Brad .
te	NNS	Beautiful green mountains decorated the landscape .
te	NNS	The remains of a fire -- stones arranged in a circle , the ground grey with ash -- sat in front of the entrance .
te	NN	The wine stain had come from Maren 's glass , and somehow that was Preston 's fault .
te	NN	Nobody really knew where the money came from originally and nobody seemed to care .
te	NNS	" From our way of looking at things , societies dominated by men are the unusual ones .
te	NNS	Michaels said , " Are you mad ?
te	NNS	Gretchen 's hints of fun spankings drifted through my mind like smoke .
te	NNS	Humans don 't live here . "
te	NN	" Your grandfather would be very proud . "
te	NN	" The teenager is autistic , and had heard about my product .
te	NNS	The other teams confirm they got our message .
te	NN	" Nobody has seen Corrigan today .
te	NNS	The halls were dim and empty and a faint , urgent beeping drilled the walls .
te	NN	Yet there was that terrible knot in her gut , that block in her mind .
te	NN	The sweetness of her kiss stung and satisfied the hunger in his heart .
te	NN	" Why would any scientist pursue any seeming impossibility ? "
te	NN	A knot lodged in my throat .
te	NN	The wreckage of my spine was enough to unnerve the toughest of men .
te	NN	As they advanced , the duo kept their weapons drawn .
te	NNS	All the animals appeared to have been badly abused , but looked up at Darcy as if she were the best thing since bacon .
te	NN	Panic set in the instant they held him there as his old memories surged through him .
te	NN	Regardless , his " stand back " vibe came through loud and clear as he picked away faster and faster on the well-worn acoustic .
te	NN	Just as I 'm about to put the box away , a deafening buzz shakes the whole room and I jump involuntarily .
te	NNS	Tess had not yet found the courage to look any one of them in the eye .
te	NNS	Black splotches burst into her vision .
te	NNS	The tiredness made him feel unnaturally old and vulnerable .
te	NN	And the coppery tint of their irises looked a little too metallic .
te	NN	Anyone could get their hands on a Kojak light .
te	NNS	What if the other mice wouldn 't let me play in their reindeer games ?
te	NNS	The families were pressuring them to set a date , her mother hoping for June !
te	NN	His throne was a huge raised chair made from a single block of an unknown black ivory .
te	NN	The shopkeeper holds his hand up , pinching his forefinger and thumb together .
te	NN	Shock held him immobile .
te	NN	Wind whipped against my face as I streaked across the sky .
te	NNS	Iris examined the smoldering ash where the skeleton had stood .
te	NN	" And the peach stand seasons . "
te	NNS	Finger sandwiches , scones , cream , raspberry jam , cakes .
te	NNS	Out front , workers in jeans and uniform polo shirts smoked cigarettes or played peekaboo with visiting toddlers or accepted dinner from family members .
te	NNS	" Yes , slave families buried their relatives that way . "
te	NN	His t-shirt strained across his chest as he took in a long breath .
te	NN	The first instance of crazy was the point where I told him that I loved him when we barely knew each other .
te	NN	The distant hum of the ocean seemed to grow louder .
te	NN	Her dedicated defender shook with a crash as they slammed through a series of walls and bounced roughly off a few floors .
te	NN	My nurse is already calling to schedule that for you with a specialist this afternoon . "
te	NNS	More bullets flew at them .
te	NNS	The coolness of my body gave off would clue in the flight attendance what I was .
te	NN	One thing Lea lacked was social grace , and these types of guys only took rudeness as a challenge .
te	NN	The bewildered crew remained silent and attentive throughout Mandrake 's closing statements .
te	NN	My first tent was a triangular orange thing that used pegs .
te	NNS	Then the physicians carted him off to the dispensary .
te	NN	And then her descent ended abruptly , wrenching her arm .
te	NNS	There were two blocks of RDX explosives in there , as well .
te	NNS	Students found cheap accommodations in the rooms a number of widows rented out .
te	NN	Carol 's current dilemma did not ease the pressures of this mission .
te	NNS	And though she didn 't think it possible , his dimples became more pronounced , making it blasted hard not to smile back .
te	NN	My grandfather was always so open to all of us .
te	NNS	The views were the same as those from our front porch .
te	NNS	Upon their hearts will rest only me , me , me .
te	NN	A rung snapped under her weight .
te	NNS	The scraggly groups at the well departed soon afterward , heading down the road that led across the moors and wound upward into the hills .
te	NN	" An incantation , which if said properly , should force the spirit to move on . "
te	NNS	All goodbyes do . "
te	NN	The first dozen didn 't arrive until 1665 .
te	NN	As they reached the door , another assassin barreled towards them .
te	NNS	Mountains surrounded the valley on all sides , protecting it from trespassers .
te	NN	- No , when I am invisible , nobody can see me .
te	NNS	Dolores led him through her memories , sparing none .
te	NNS	Tess was behind the counter .
te	NNS	If he knew something , maybe the boundaries of his knowledge could help signal the guilty parties .
te	NN	The effect from the dozen or more projectors was magical .
te	NN	Rage flamed inside him at the insult .
te	NN	The bitterness that infused that statement surprised Nate .
te	NNS	Angus punched in a number on the iphone , turned it to speaker mode , and thrust it into my hands .
te	NNS	The tips of my fingers froze inside my pocket .
te	NNS	But as I say , opinions diverge .
te	NNS	Two well-dressed gentlemen passed behind her on their way to breakfast .
te	NN	A double row of blue lights stretched away from a cluster of odd-shaped buildings .
te	NN	Muted sunlight bled inside as twilight edged across the darkening sky .
te	NN	The ghost smoothed down her dress .
te	NN	Her adventure lay before her .
te	NNS	Yes , sometimes demons really were like whiny human children .
te	NNS	Vimes hoped they wouldn " t get into trouble about that .
te	NNS	Tess whimpered , pushing into his questing finger even as he could feel her shivering with a mixture of fear and anticipation .
te	NN	A small amount only to aid in the healing of his broken and torn body .
te	NNS	Banks of linked seating , upholstered in medium blue with a pattern which disguised any soiling .
te	NN	Jane 's mask showed no expression .
te	NN	From that point the effect spreads through all mankind .
te	NNS	Some stations reported some really awful things , saying that Demetri had a drug problem , that he was high when he got into the accident .
te	NNS	His fingertips danced down my spine .
te	NNS	The green and rolling fields of Idris and its endless blue sky , pierced by the towers of the Glass City .
te	NNS	British troops were flooding across the trampled field , cheering , overrunning the abandoned French cannon .
te	NN	This singular speech was almost incredible .
te	NN	" A famous artist from Brooklyn made that for me .
te	NNS	Years of sorrow dwelt there .
te	NN	okay , " he said , gulping , feeling a little feverish as his fingers brushed the soft skin upon the back of her hand .
te	NN	The hot and dusty breeze from the highway swept in through the shattered back window , messing her hair .
te	NN	The cage shook as someone slammed the door shut .
te	NN	" Your beast is my guest .
te	NN	A shout of rage ripped out of his throat , so strong it silenced most of the laughter .
te	NNS	All countries look the same under war .
te	NNS	Water wraiths have a bad rep -- and rightly so in some cases .
te	NNS	" Our federally funded scientific teams would lend some credibility , so Ed should be willing to carry them there for us . "
te	NN	Panic began to set in .
te	NN	And the nurse stormed out of the room .
te	NNS	The parking lots were little more that pulverized concrete and the buildings themselves couldn 't have been used in the last decade .
te	NNS	Until that point , my ribs had been healing nicely .
te	NNS	If her plan succeeded , her two worst enemies would disappear from her life .
te	NN	The journalist grabs the girl and runs out of the house .
te	NN	The massage lasted upwards of an hour .
te	NN	The orange of passing streetlights illuminated the cover .
te	NNS	The bells sounded , announcing it was time for the patrons to take their seats .
te	NN	Now , the captured beast hung there on its cables , water dripping from its body .
te	NN	Rage filled him , heating his body until the goose bumps that had begun to dot his skin disappeared and his hands clenched into fists .
te	NN	The ceremony started after they returned from the trading post .
te	NNS	There were lots of people here and not much cover on the surrounding slopes .
te	NN	She is in my opinion a sexy looking girl .
te	NN	The effect was almost attractive .
te	NN	Weirdly , cooking and laundry seemed to offer some opportunities .
te	NN	" What 's the best sandwich you 've got ? "
te	NN	Inside the locket were the pictures of the man , and of his wife .
te	NN	" He 's safe , nobody is here with him .
te	NNS	Tess scrunched up her nose .
te	NN	A couple dozen , I suppose . "
te	NNS	" Crows , " Max swore .
te	NNS	Again Kelly 's suspicions flared , and she wondered where he was .
te	NN	At the sound of the man 's voice , the corpse lowered its arms and stood still .
te	NNS	At least there were no riches for her to lose .
te	NN	An imposter sits on my throne ; he was the one who ordered this invasion .
te	NN	Ahead of me , there was a sudden yelp of alarm , followed by the sound of something heavy hitting water .
te	NNS	The vines wove relentlessly around his limbs , pulling him down to the black floor .
te	NNS	Doctors have a way of making everything seem like a worst-case scenario .
te	NN	Anyone could see that Cordelia was cut from the same cloth as Bax and his friends .
te	NNS	Several highly esteemed gentlemen hurried to greet him rather than wait for him to descend to the ballroom floor .
te	NNS	All his righteous anger dissolved in the face of her admission .
te	NNS	Prometheus raised his hands and said , " We don 't mean to cause any trouble . "
te	NN	My companion found that particularly offensive , since wolves have an extremely keen sense of smell .
te	NN	The temperature was quickly climbing and would likely top yesterday 's high before the day was over , but somehow she felt chilled to the bone .
te	NNS	However , the Christmas I was twelve , presents only reminded me of my birthday and the terror that came with that memory would always surface .
te	NNS	There were far more important riches which were fought and died for , such as freedom and of course love .
te	NNS	Misty 's soles were burning by the time she reached relatively level ground , her toes bloody from loose rocks .
te	NN	Her confidence suddenly rang hollow .
te	NNS	Dolores frowned and then smiled .
te	NNS	There are flashes , white light , like lightning , streaking across the room .
te	NNS	Inside the hut was a small mattress on the ground , a small round table with two chairs , and a couple chests , which were closed .
te	NN	... No , there 's no guarantee that they 're talking settlement , and no guarantee that Baker will take it even if they are .
te	NNS	His courtiers were all obvious ship rats like himself , all too pale after so many cycles spent under artificial light rather than a real sun .
te	NN	There was a glowing coal of purpose about the coming battle , which he intended to win by sheer ruthlessness .
te	NN	His sudden realization that she 'd stopped him because she wanted to ask about condoms sent a new surge of desire through his system .
te	NN	The amusement that had carried him through last night 's investigation and this morning 's debriefing with Arizona had vanished .
te	NNS	Trying to pretend that Brad really was killed by a burglar has been driving me nuts for months .
te	NNS	Many students including Kayla died because of me .
te	NN	A shout went up , and I stumbled backward , shocked by the noise , but I soon realized it was a cheer .
te	NN	The temperature had dropped almost five degrees within the hour and the wind was getting nasty .
te	NN	This new century they called , the twentieth one would soon arrive .
te	NN	Consequently , that feat of ingenuity put D.C. out in front of the pack for innovative public transportation systems .
te	NN	And since interracial marriage was completely banned in the Kingdom , except for the royal family , a mixture like that was impossible for anyone else .
te	NN	There was a slight squeak to his voice .
te	NNS	The tribes established a trade route between the two communities of Nacogdoches and Natchitoches .
te	NN	The righteous indignation coming off the angel was palpable enough that Ash tilted his head back .
te	NN	There was no guarantee my experience would let me survive , but if I stayed , I 'd die .
te	NN	" Indeed , " Silence abandoned his meditations and joined the conversation .
te	NN	" A dozen babies ?
te	NN	Inflation rate accelerated to 1,000 % per year , becoming a ravenous cancer coursing through an already sick body .
te	NNS	Now the other students watched him on the field , the girls admiring him , the boys wearing looks of respect .
te	NNS	Those passes are ideal for ambushes . "
te	NNS	The secretaries and staff were busily at work .
te	NN	The hot urge to brand her as his own won out .
te	NNS	But his nails were lengthening into razor sharp claws .
te	NNS	" Good day , gentlemen , " she said and then left .
te	NN	" One occupant at a time , is that it ? "
te	NNS	All around , tents sprawled across several acres , broken up into various factions , from law enforcement to local media .
te	NNS	His jagged nails cut the sleeve of my jacket and he flings me into an alley near the back of the store .
te	NN	And here there was no guide to casually snap the lights back on .
te	NN	" My baseball hit Mr. - " He paused , waiting for Jack to supply the name .
te	NNS	My ribs were still smarting , so I went into the family room to retrieve some bruise liniment -- using up the last of it .
te	NNS	Four hidden panels pop open and four large pistols pop up and into Hartman 's mechanical hands .
te	NN	Nobody seems bothered by Grubbs 's appearance .
te	NNS	Russian regulations were simpler for students while work visas and permits were tough to come by .
te	NN	There was a peculiar atmosphere in the air , a mixture of tension and anticipation .
te	NNS	All the darkened corners were lit .
te	NN	Rage outweighs the fear and I lurch at him .
te	NN	Rage suffused him , turning his vision a murky red .
te	NNS	Aiden 's brows came together over hazel eyes .
te	NN	Before he had time to think about it further , the front doorbell rang .
te	NN	A throne of gold was place at the center of the hall , resting over the raised podium in between two pillars .
te	NN	The bell rang twice .
te	NN	The indicator moved slowly and then picked up speed , moving into a figure eight pattern .
te	NN	An attendant was holding an umbrella over her head .
te	NNS	Tallis took me home and we had an unexpected surprise .
te	NN	There was no fury or upset apparent on the king 's face , but that wasn 't necessarily a good thing .
te	NN	Within the depths of the glass base , an array of colored lights shone through the sparkling liquid .
te	NN	" There 's a forty percent survival rate for babies born at 24 weeks . "
te	NN	" Your Lordship , " said Cynthia getting to her feet , " I should like to come . "
te	NNS	The jagged ends of the tree bark made long , deep gashes in his back .
te	NNS	Their senses would be a little duller , their hearing less acute .
te	NNS	Its wide translucent wings unfolded and beat the air , and bitter arctic winds howled through the fields of summer .
te	NN	Luke made one last passionate plea .
te	NN	The tragedy is , she already has , and you just haven 't accepted it yet . "
te	NNS	Heroes didn 't blubber , but that was okay because he was no hero .
te	NN	Little by little , the alley cleared out , and soon enough she and Justin were alone .
te	NNS	Two gowns stood out from the rest , one the color of a midsummer sky , the other a pale rose .
te	NN	My worst nightmare , come true .
te	NN	The impact shocks him , and his gun topples from his hands .
te	NN	I would owe him huge after this , because he came right over , not five minutes after I 'd called , physician 's bag in hand .
te	NN	Peter took her hand in his , wrapped her fingers around the root of his shaft .
te	NNS	The visions from my dream burst in short , loud scenes .
te	NNS	Vimes struck a match on a plinth and lit a cigar in recognition of a petty but darkly satisfying triumph .
te	NNS	Oh , there were judges , but they didn 't count , not for the big prize .
te	NN	Wasn 't that the same knoll she 'd climbed that morning and taken panoramic views of the desert ?
te	NNS	The dock workers rejected the Shippers ' proposal . "
te	NNS	" Consider this besides : Eternal bliss may someday be the Angels ' nemesis .
te	NNS	The rewards go to those left standing at the end of the adventure . "
te	NN	The fish kicked up and arched with a graceful twist .
te	NNS	" How about meat loaf ? "
te	NN	An e-mail had gone out to all employees informing them of the acquisition this morning .
te	NN	Her startled jerk satisfied him .
te	NNS	The stones formed a kaleidoscopic array against the white background .
te	NNS	But hearts don 't care about things like that . "
te	NN	Her hat was a great tower of feather puffs , pink and green , through which peeked the heads of stuffed bluebirds and more ribbons .
te	NNS	' Divided as we are , the legions would crush us ! '
te	NNS	These elements seemed to be in place so Theo bounded down the stairs three at a time .
te	NN	This platform contained the two largest and most decorated chairs in the room , one slightly larger than the other .
te	NN	" Where 'd this ski mask come from ? "
te	NNS	There was a lightness there .
te	NNS	The mice did their best with I 'm Forever Blowing Bubbles but it was easy to see that their minds weren 't on it .
te	NNS	Her brows arched and the tip of her tongue traced the outside of her lips .
te	NNS	Eight rounds left , plus what remained in the machine gun .
te	NN	The South lawn would be gorgeous for an afternoon wedding .
te	NNS	" Strong Ranch , " he spoke into the phone .
te	NNS	The howling mystics cascaded down into the streets of London like a tidal wave .
te	NN	The ensemble would play games and improvise around the idea .
te	NN	A decomposing corpse is usually not nearly as silent as it should be .
te	NNS	Her sisters had dragged her out like this before , but shopping hadn 't seemed half as entertaining with them .
te	NN	The original bargain was two months ; you keep changing the goal posts .
te	NN	A parabolic microphone he had set up behind some topiary in the dining room let him know that .
te	NN	A centurion strode out of the ranks , a soldier younger than Tavi himself .
te	NN	But the ghost of Hana did not vanish .
te	NNS	If that wasn 't proof enough , Mason 's nightmares are more than enough to convince me .
te	NNS	I was shaking , the tremors of the vow we 'd taken together still rushing through my body like earthquake aftershocks .
te	NN	Although the girl possessed a certain innate ability , her appalling manners and fierce opposition to instruction of any kind was proving difficult indeed .
te	NN	Driscoll 's speech faltered .
te	NNS	As we drove through town , the looming clouds opened up .
te	NNS	The caves had risen several meters from the rest of the ground .
te	NNS	Secrets had revealed that location .
te	NN	Wind chimes on the front porch swayed but didn 't touch .
te	NN	All the newer civilian aircraft were automatic .
te	NNS	My ankles hurt so bad they may never be the same again .
te	NN	The entity within him did . "
te	NNS	Finally , after roughly ten minutes of continuous ground shaking , the tremors subsided .
te	NNS	The copies came to Altair , and once again he was fighting .
te	NNS	The two super Cylons complied .
te	NN	Like obsidian did . "
te	NN	There was no rhyme or reason .
te	NNS	Being magical creatures , water wraiths can block the curse somewhat , but a human doesn 't stand a chance . "
te	NN	A diaphanous sensation of reality seeped through his awareness .
te	NN	And that weird and terrible howling had greeted me ominously when I swung from the train at the lonely village of Hebron .
te	NNS	Ion 's insides froze in horror .
te	NNS	Once in awhile our departments work together , but we haven 't designed a new species of cat in quite a few years . "
te	NNS	Voices came from a distance again , just like his own had on the dance floor after being drugged .
te	NNS	The three sisters watched him , Iris in admiration , Rose detached , and Violet frozen in astonishment .
te	NN	" A bow and arrow , " somebody yelled .
te	NNS	Tomas , their third mate , handed over a mug of hot soup .
te	NNS	" The bottles broke , when we were fighting the demons in the Accords Hall .
te	NNS	The chocks are pulled from under the wheels , the engines start to rev up .
te	NNS	There are too many protection spells . "
te	NNS	A few candles lit the cells , and Gabriel saw a slender , ragged man with a brown beard stand putting his wan hands on the bars .
te	NN	Even though it was quite chilly outside , a full-blooded Warden 's body temperature ran higher than humans ' or even mine .
te	NN	Well , fate played a hand , too .
te	NN	His desperation rose and he let go of my mother 's hand and held me close .
te	NNS	Beautiful beaches , gorgeous girls , wild nightlife .
te	NN	The individual got into their car and drove away .
te	NNS	A collective nod later , the thieves have dispersed leaving the man alone with the sobbing woman .
te	NNS	Hands grab spears , swords , axes , knives .
te	NNS	There are powers out there that surpass even theirs .
te	NN	Julian ... " The sensation was exactly like falling down the mine shaft .
te	NN	The only sensation they could feel was when the machine changed trajectory upwards or to one side .
te	NN	His grandfather taught him and now he is teaching me . "
te	NN	A harsh crack made it sound like his back broke , which forced a squeal through my lips .
te	NNS	The crews were just beginning to spray the apple trees under the direction of Dale Howard , the orchard manager .
te	NN	Then lowered his rifle .
te	NNS	Friends described her as being fun though flighty , falling in and out with other girls , and sometimes getting into fights with them .
te	NNS	Friday nights were the best time to drive out toward the desert , leaving behind the collective frenzy of Bixby wondering why it wasn 't having fun .
te	NN	Beneath the photos a cardboard box , an old shoe box .
te	NNS	" Where are your bunks ? "
te	NN	The others cluster around me , questioning me on what has happened although I cannot bring myself to speak it aloud .
te	NNS	There were no sympathetic countries nearby .
te	NNS	Such energies lie in our minds and come to us when we tune into them . '
te	NN	The expense of my current happiness seems a fair trade .
te	NNS	Humans have to have their free will and all that nonsense . "
te	NN	The lead character -- Catalina something , I think - is a flower cutter .
te	NNS	As he pulled his shirt back on and settled his jacket on his shoulders , the beginnings of a seduction strategy sprang to life .
te	NN	The argument was one of the worst ones we 'd had , both of us saying things we didn 't mean .
te	NN	The locket tumbled down her blouse before bouncing against the tile floor with a metallic ping .
te	NNS	The Institute grounds had changed quite a bit since he 'd last seen them .
te	NNS	Two helicopters appeared overhead with automatic weapons clearly visible .
te	NN	No defining features . "
te	NN	Though his hair was brown , his beard was a bright red .
te	NNS	Six more stops and I 'll be home .
te	NNS	Large families are the norm here . "
te	NNS	Feels like someone 's hitting it .
te	NN	Nobody made a sound .
te	NNS	Clean towels are under the sink .
te	NNS	The natural disasters were a part of it , sure , but worldwide misuse of unclean energy and associated terrorism were the real culprits .
te	NNS	The two barbarian tribes had fought thousands of zombies , fought for the better part of ten hours without stopping and lost hundreds of their own .
te	NN	The impact launched Haven into the air , spinning her away from Marius .
te	NN	To Sam 's relief , his new quarterback had no interest in changing everything .
te	NN	Was there a pill to help you get over needing them ?
te	NNS	As she looked around , the other students were too busy pulling themselves back on their boards or brushing wet hair from their faces to notice .
te	NNS	Even the shrubs on the ground seem to lean away from it .
te	NNS	" The bones do not lie . "
te	NN	The intrusion was enough .
te	NNS	Warped wood benches and shelves line the edges of the porch .
te	NNS	Footsteps came down the hall .
te	NNS	The corners of his mouth lifted slightly .
te	NNS	The remaining vehicles followed us into the fields west of the store , then turned west and lined up one after another .
te	NN	The most disturbing e-mail was the last one sent right before his death , based on Trevor 's timeline .
te	NN	The fury in her eyes told him he 'd struck a chord .
te	NN	The almost two-hour trek going up turned into a half-hour hike on the way down .
te	NNS	The spectacular wings of his eyebrows snapped together .
te	NN	Silence fell between them .
te	NNS	Students were practically gawking at them .
te	NNS	Hells bells boy you 've done grown up .
te	NN	The long blue t-shirt she wore fell to mid thigh , baring her creamy skin .
te	NN	The combination of inactivity and pain made her cranky on most days and fighting off what felt like a losing battle with depression on other days .
te	NN	An object flew into the carriage . "
te	NNS	The contours of his face had sharpened , making him look older and menacing .
te	NN	the nurse beside him asked .
te	NNS	The stones that crunched beneath her feet were not stones .
te	NN	" What exactly is this acting gig ? "
te	NNS	Jess could have stepped back , or even stepped forward , but she remained in place .
te	NN	The white-hot sting of the incision dances all the way across my neck as I try to take a breath .
te	NN	The chill bit his skin like ice picks .
te	NNS	Thick clouds of smoke streamed from his dry lips and followed the wind to the sun .
te	NNS	There were matters to attend to that were far more pressing than enlightening confused old-timers .
te	NN	The breeze blew currents of air which moved over the grass like waves .
te	NNS	When I arrived at school the next day , reporters had surrounded the grounds .
te	NNS	Ones that , frankly , never presented themselves during a short-lived , three-month study stint in Laos . )
te	NN	A purr swelled in the back of her throat , vibrating through her chest , under his mouth .
te	NNS	And round the edge , there were lots of cupboards all built in and painted white with curly gold handles .
te	NN	" A good long soak will do you good .
te	NN	The advice I shared does benefit me as well .
te	NNS	Our spirits in fact , for we are immortal , though we do not yet realize it .
te	NNS	" Many tribes met and discussed the best way to handle your war band .
te	NN	The tingle became a heat that spread slowly out from her center .
te	NN	But this time Gloria wasn 't alone .
te	NN	A gaping crack snaked in front of Sye and a plume of water shoved him into the sky .
te	NNS	The outcomes are beginning to come into focus . "
te	NN	The same disappointment that was choking her until she could hardly breathe around it .
te	NN	No bow or throwing blades .
te	NN	The sensation of seeing something in the mailbox addressed to her was indescribable .
te	NN	One row , all the way across , formed words connected without spaces .
te	NN	Presently , my inner alarm was quiet as the grave .
te	NN	Silence reigned for an uncomfortable period .
te	NNS	They were small , subtle changes , but taken all together , the results wholly altered her .
te	NNS	Goose bumps covered Rema 's skin , and she froze in panic , wondering what was through the darkness .
te	NNS	The measures he took from here on had to be equal to the problems at hand .
te	NN	Honor and respect , I used to have that once but now I am alone ; she thought .
te	NN	Immediately , his heavy , engorged member fell out and twisted slightly to the left , while standing at attention and pointing toward the ceiling .
te	NNS	Zeus leaned onto the arm of his chair and asked , " You serve on the Pact of Nations ' Defense Committee , yes ? "
te	NN	Her bright emerald green eyes sparkled .
te	NN	" But before you relax you should remember the true animosity was between the half-brothers .
te	NNS	However , are all your dates going to end with this much excitement ? "
te	NN	But nobody placed you in charge and certainly nobody designated you as the one who always had to get everything right .
te	NNS	Within every heart lives two dragons , a dragon of Hope and a dragon of Hate , both mighty and powerful in equal measure .
te	NN	The array of firearms that he had salvaged from the crash lay in front of the rocket , all polished and loaded .
te	NNS	The scan results were going to be read by a specialist on the other side of town who we were going to see the next week .
te	NNS	Mine engines were not equal to the task I set them .
te	NNS	There , the men dance on the first day of spring , backwards and forwards , bells tied under their knees , white shirts flapping .
te	NNS	However Rick 's glass bottles bursts through the window of the classroom we are in , showering the room in flames immediately .
te	NN	My cousin stayed at home with flu today , and now I 've caught her bug .
te	NN	The fish took care of that all by himself .
te	NN	Her moans urged him on , sliding in deep .
te	NNS	Erin 's passes are harder and crisper after Terrell leaves , which lets me know she 's upset .
te	NNS	The stones felt dead .
te	NNS	What if reinforcements could come in from that direction ?
te	NNS	No doubt about it , the dimples were impressive .
te	NN	But I 've been over to city hall , nobody 's there .
te	NNS	To him the buildings , with their swarms of flying vehicles whizzing by , were just cool .
te	NN	Our coup is necessary but we don 't like violence for it 's own sake .
te	NNS	Gaius watched the witch 's fear of him being replaced by a flare of panic at being ordered to wade into the gory battle .
te	NNS	Dolores turned toward Neil , held her arms slightly from her sides , and turned around slowly , " How do I look ? "
te	NN	the cop said under his breath .
te	NN	The shutter over the truck 's rear rose in jerks .
te	NN	" Shut up , Jerry , " the cop said .
te	NNS	Blueberry muffins sat between us on our small , round table for two .
te	NNS	The grave markers seemed to float on the mist , white stone crosses and slender obelisks .
te	NN	The general shook his head .
te	NNS	Vampires couldn 't walk out in the sun !
te	NN	" Well , in Next Generation , there 's a device called a ' replicator . " '
te	NN	For instance , the sofa we sat on was ' a tufted purple velvet Chesterfield ' .
te	NNS	Tess had to sit down and pause for a moment over Toni 's wise response .
te	NN	This unexpected confidence and honesty beguiled him and he laughed quietly .
te	NNS	The slot machines were pretty much a bust , but he did fairly well with a deck of cards .
te	NN	A camera crew emerged at the same time as Mal and his armed section took up defensive stances at predetermined spots .
te	NNS	The accents are different , but the jerk factor is the same . "
te	NN	There is no principle that I feel can justify my mistrust or righteousness .
te	NNS	Bad nerves makes for bad bowels .
te	NNS	My stubbornness not to call for a ride was biting me in the butt .
te	NN	" High school dress code is a lot different than what it was when I was in high school . "
te	NN	He sensed something in the air and wanted to leave his hand wrapped round the butt of his revolver .
te	NN	Or maybe for betting on the fact that Christian wouldn 't remember his great-grandfather had this little rock haven built .
te	NNS	The sisters quit every activity and gave the conversation their undivided attention .
te	NNS	Its special powers are no more than the mysterious and incomprehensible properties of the liquids that these ancient space travellers used to drink from it .
te	NNS	The workers covered their mouths in shock , all of their widened eyes fixed on the King and his councilmen 's bodies .
te	NNS	Dolores let go of Neil and took a step back .
te	NNS	Already on the front lawn were dishes , end tables , chairs , a TV , linens , and their kitchen trashcan .
te	NN	" A lizard supernatural ? "
te	NN	The lobby is a big room with a huge stone and timber fireplace and twin floor-to-ceiling windows that overlook the lake .
te	NN	Maybe his tale is a parable and not absolute truth .
te	NN	Liam half-heartedly trudged to Hades ' discovery .
te	NNS	The buildings whispered too .
te	NN	The real devil always goes with Me .
te	NN	" Okay , let 's move , " the soldier said to Tolland .
te	NNS	Zeus turned and smiled weakly .
te	NN	Just the jewelry off everyone in the rotunda would be enough to set this crew up for life .
te	NNS	Maybe his nerves were getting to him as well .
te	NNS	For in the days of the sojourn of Sauron in that land the hearts of well nigh all its people had been turned towards darkness .
te	NNS	The hospital grounds were quiet when we took our leave to Ken 's secret parking place , where he hid the SUV in a remote field .
te	NN	The jungle beat of the wild scarlet tribe .
te	NNS	Seemingly innocuous , the box is in reality an ancient prison , generated by a magic more powerful than anyone in her clan has ever known .
te	NN	The whore didn 't worry her , but it was more attention than she wanted today .
te	NN	Confirming this , a sharp crack exploded , echoing down to the cave .
te	NNS	Shadows broke free , and as they came closer to the candlelight , I cried out .
te	NNS	There were gulls crying and wheeling overhead .
te	NN	" Anyone care to guess what my trick was all about ? "
te	NNS	Our clubs and axes were our last resort , which , for the purpose , were a trifle short .
te	NN	Maybe an e-mail would be easier -- and more discreet .
te	NN	" The super explained the mistake .
te	NNS	Iris looked back toward the void .
te	NN	His cool demeanor infuriated me .
te	NN	A creek bounded the property on another side .
te	NNS	The schools were about ten miles apart so she figured they might have seen each other before , but just didn 't remember .
te	NNS	Their wrinkled brows at the sight of me was almost comical .
te	NN	" Admiral is well-trained .
te	NN	Your Circle isn 't ours , and it never will be . "
te	NN	Barrick , your grandfather on your father 's side was a Titan .
te	NN	With us there is an emotional attachment .
te	NNS	The moms have taken little kids home for naps .
te	NN	The master vampire twisted away , raking his talons across Dominic 's face , digging furrows down his jaw and to his neck .
te	NN	" And your mum was going through that all the time , Cathy .
te	NNS	The coats were nice ; they looked almost like real church soldiers .
te	NNS	The tips of Squall 's ears were definitely turning pink .
te	NNS	The other occupants of the dining hall fell silent , staring .
te	NN	The pizza was the best he had ever tasted , piled high with cheese and bacon and green peppers .
te	NN	Her patience ran out with this small talk , the avoidance of discussing the baby sleeping in her arms .
te	NNS	Lukas was furious at the news .
te	NN	Even the dark mold that spreads from the drain to the curled edges of the rubber bath mat can 't dampen the experience .
te	NNS	For surely those stages of development were as unavoidable as those he had already lived through . )
te	NNS	Their tails have streaming fringe on them , like a Beta fish .
te	NNS	The two shafts of forged steel sang as they connected and the force startled Camden driving him to the side .
te	NN	Massive understatement since I thought I might throw up .
te	NN	The load of traffic was still much the same , free and unfilled .
te	NNS	Banks moved his hands in small circles .
te	NNS	His limbs had already got numbed and he could not even let out a cry .
te	NN	The limo slowed down when they reached the outer limits , dusty suburban sprawl replacing the green circles of radial irrigation .
te	NN	The missing rail might not come for this mile , or even the next .
te	NN	Nobody was really interested in how I felt .
te	NNS	Dark clouds that threatened a coming storm .
te	NNS	Her nails dug into the covers .
te	NN	Her flush deepened and she let out a nervous laugh .
te	NN	My dimension is for my demons only .
te	NN	Of course , his regret was most likely due to the fact that his life had been inconvenienced and not that Chas had gone missing .
te	NNS	There are benches that line the walls and there are four basketball hoops on two of the walls .
te	NNS	Michaels scowled at the man .
te	NN	Then , a sudden jerk by the dispenser startled him .
te	NN	Perhaps a few knocks to the head were the key to heroic patter .
te	NNS	Banks do it to reduce their debt load .
te	NN	The text stated , ' Rahul , its Tracy .
te	NNS	And her mom 's fits weren 't pretty .
te	NN	The similarity was obvious .
te	NNS	" And if the campaign goes badly , " Crassus said , " his enemies will use it to eviscerate his career . "
te	NN	The implant is a simple common radio frequent between both of your signals .
te	NNS	There were towels strewn about the floor , clothing , maps , receipts , and newspapers on every surface .
te	NN	Apparently , a thin translucent film grew on most things .
te	NN	A training collar is a metal necklace with blunt points bent in towards the neck .
te	NN	The hologram flickers , then the flooring is empty .
te	NN	The tumor was benign . "
te	NN	His contemplation was now smoky , sensuous .
te	NNS	There were several symbols .
te	NN	His disappointment at the realization was keen .
te	NNS	Gaius pressed his head to the ground covered by mist , his muscles trembling beneath the brutal pressure of the Dark Lord 's power .
te	NN	Her only jewelry is a green stone that sits between her breasts , matching the flashing green of her eyes .
te	NNS	The dish towels hanging from the rack were filthy .
te	NNS	When he was done , there were two bags filled with food .
te	NNS	If she were aligned with that plane , then all dorsal and ventral guns should be able to hit either of the targets .
te	NN	The desperation seeped from his pours .
te	NNS	Chairman Z 's units scoured the city in vain for supplies .
te	NN	So easily duped and taken advantage of .
te	NN	A dark quality was about the man such that the light seemed to abhor him , in that it neither reflected nor revealed .
te	NN	A moan escaped him , followed by a spew of poisonous yelling .
te	NNS	He was young , horrors would not leave a deep mark on his soul .
te	NNS	His hand rubs mine .
te	NNS	Her wings fluttered in the night air .
te	NNS	My shields don 't even drop below 99 % , so it seems I 've got nothing to worry about from old fashioned projectile weapons .
te	NN	In fact , the lab was the last place she wanted to be today .
te	NN	One more thing , my client wants to know if you would recommend being a customer of the Magical Herbs Shoppe .
te	NNS	There were many similar buildings with four floors and if you didn 't know the area , you could easily get lost .
te	NNS	There , he removed the book , opened it , and found several bills of the currency of the time .
te	NN	A limo is waiting outside for her ... for us .
te	NNS	My nails perched on the stone like bird claws .
te	NNS	There are safeguards in the exchange 's system , what they call circuit breakers to keep trading from going out of control .
te	NN	Over hills , around crags , along cliff faces -- he was aiming for a cavern .
te	NNS	Goodness had a long list of questions , but apparently none of them were important because Gabriel was gone in the blink of an eye .
te	NNS	Her nails dug into his back .
te	NNS	DRAGON Dragon demons are the closest thing in the modern world to the ancient myths of dragons .
te	NN	A solid echoing sound out in the darkness .
te	NNS	Zombies could never get in there .
te	NN	Every photo was of violent storms or the aftermath .
te	NNS	He lay beside his lover , blankets pulled up around his shoulders , and shut his eyes tightly .
te	NNS	In a couple of moments after that planks stopped falling .
te	NNS	My animals all came from another valley . "
te	NN	Suddenly there was a loud crack !
te	NN	The pose was humble and at the same time erotic .
te	NNS	Quantum physics will no longer reassure you about reality .
te	NNS	The wheels would not leave the ground .
te	NN	The dude was getting closer , still shouting .
te	NNS	Two eager record executives with Armani suits dashed out of the room .
te	NNS	A few bolts of cramp remained within his muscles .
te	NNS	Justus hissed , standing and lighting his electric weapon , which ignited and sparked a threatening red .
te	NNS	All three travellers drank in the beauty of the rugged coast .
te	NN	Now exiting space , the cruiser scaled down its speed drastically .
te	NNS	The witches are not sending power down to fuel the circle , so we must find you another way back . "
te	NN	The leak , at least by the techniques we use , is heavily dependent on the density of matter already present in this Universe .
te	NNS	The dark clouds burst , and rain pelted down in sheets .
te	NN	There is a strange hum in the abyss around her .
te	NN	Anyone with an excellent shot would be able to target him .
te	NNS	Other buildings surrounded that one , varying in their distances .
te	NN	The scooter bounced violently throwing Timothy off the scooter and onto the soil meters away from the oncoming wolves .
te	NNS	In some spots there were sandy beaches , and I felt it would be nice to be in the water there .
te	NN	The topic moved off Christian immediately , and the rest of the meeting bumped along .
te	NN	This android was very advanced technology .
te	NNS	Voices in languages he couldn 't understand , and at the edge of sight : blue .
te	NNS	The straw mats on the floor contained two blankets tossed on them .
te	NN	The building overhead was empty , but it was equipped with electricity and water , which had been rerouted to his lair .
te	NN	An odd warming sensation bubbled in her chest when she looked at Christian 's perfect face .
te	NNS	Crystal white fur stands strait up on their backs as if they were standing over a giant fan .
te	NN	His aunt stopped at the door .
te	NNS	" No more caves , thank you , " Michael said .
te	NN	There was no record of his existence anywhere .
te	NNS	A few rounds even found their target , cracking off the windshield .
te	NN	Her crew had worked with her to retool her show practically every waking minute until opening night to incorporate her dance pop with her new acoustic segments .
te	NNS	" And there weren 't any buses , trains , boats , planes , or dog sleds either .
te	NNS	Surely there are responses with cosmic correctness .
te	NN	The impact doubled Cletus over and sent him hurling backwards .
te	NN	Such a large salary would certainly make her life considerably brighter and it was wonderful to be valued so highly .
te	NN	Her ego was rebounding somewhat , but he still had a lot of apologizing to do .
te	NNS	Angus kept his hand on Ivy 's ankle that began to turn black underneath it .
te	NN	The lump in her throat was so big she could barely speak .
te	NN	The cleaning crew was strolling off while the foreman locked the door and followed .
te	NNS	The bones of the trees still groaned as their branches stretched with wandering hands to hide the clusters of stars above .
te	NNS	The shallows were just in sight and I wouldn 't be able to swim much farther .
te	NNS	There were no candles here ; even the white walls looked black .
te	NNS	Her brows drew together .
te	NNS	" Why do the animals talk ?
te	NNS	The witches had somehow advanced their spell !
te	NNS	" Your taxes starve our families ! "
te	NNS	The sea woman 's swimming webs were as smooth and fine as China silk .
te	NNS	If I were glass , then these safety measures would make sense .
te	NN	Her greatest protection , she realized as she approached them , was their arrogance .
te	NNS	The clouds had broken even more now , and the tatters raced in the endless winds that swept the vast grassland .
te	NNS	The channels were narrower , for one thing , and they twisted and turned more frequently .
te	NNS	These caves are their Garden of Eden , and the flesh they eat , that is their fruit of the tree of good and evil .
te	NNS	Iris glanced over to Hagan , who had just knocked out his opponent .
te	NN	" Your friendship is important to me .
te	NNS	There are terrible slums in London Daisy , places you 'd never want to visit .
te	NNS	The shards of the chalice rattled as he leashed the fury that had no outlet here .
te	NN	Silence lingered for a moment .
te	NNS	" Success rates have improved , Felix .
te	NNS	After all the excitement I had lived through lately , absolute nothingness was wearing me out .
te	NN	Concern for his well-being had me stepping forward , but I stopped .
te	NNS	There aren 't any radios at Ginny 's .
te	NN	The shift from day to night always seemed to take forever .
te	NN	My grandfather taught me how to use a sword the minute I turned seven years old .
te	NN	' Attention ' He shouted loudly ' and keep quiet .
te	NN	The quilt on her small bed was a life sized ballerina with an actual tulle tutu peeking out from the fabric .
te	NNS	Several residents shouted " Turn the volume down ! "
te	NN	" What a terrible fate !
te	NN	A knocking at my door broke through my thoughts .
te	NNS	There are no jokes .
te	NNS	Your methods were not wrong for I have employed them myself . "
te	NN	Linda 's grandson wandered over , trailed by her .
te	NNS	All twelve thieves stopped at the bank of the river .
te	NNS	These fantasies needed to stop .
te	NNS	Orpheus didn 't seem to care if they caught him on video .
te	NNS	" Those assholes love a challenge . "
te	NN	The stew was delicious and reminded me of how long it had been since I had eaten a real home-cooked meal .
te	NNS	Visions of you , of this , " he confessed .
te	NN	There was only one exit from this cavern besides the tunnel they had come in through .
te	NNS	Ours is but a moment in the wind , green grass that withers pale as straw .
te	NN	Meanwhile , an argument broke out between Andrei and Rover in Romani .
te	NN	John let us out at the first available spot , then went to circle the block while he waited for us .
te	NNS	The machines had Xavier pinned into the corner of the high rise under construction .
te	NNS	Ten thousand Red Army troops wandered the streets .
te	NN	" As usual , the American bullies are throwing their weight around to impress their own people , as well as Europe and the weaker nations .
te	NNS	Jess pulled back to lock eyes with her .
te	NNS	Walls looked like they had not seen a coat of paint in a century .
te	NN	" The rule is wife , consort or heir to the throne .
te	NNS	Saturday mornings in Valkyrie weren 't much different than they were in Kirkwood .
te	NN	At last , an object of his usual desires crossed right in front of him .
te	NNS	His smoldering remains hit the ground with a dull thud she heard even from her distance .
te	NNS	Brief affairs was his style when it came to women .
te	NNS	Small holes marred his skin .
te	NN	A servant quickly scooped them up and scurried out of the room .
te	NN	Her low groan told him she liked the bite of erotic pain he 'd applied .
te	NN	And the paperwork , including passports , have to match .
te	NNS	Voices drifted from the doorway , breaking Miranda from her sleep .
te	NN	There , every decoration , every inch of floor space , had been old-world decadence .
te	NNS	' Humans are violent . '
te	NN	" The mark , " he hissed .
te	NN	Pink wallpaper -- tiny rosebuds and vines -- covered the walls .
te	NN	" Falcon , you can 't say anything to Da - " " I won 't . "
te	NN	' The palace was the first to be hit .
te	NN	Panic crept in to the edges of her brain , but she fought it , holding the darkness at bay .
te	NNS	She knew some of the truth , saw the medical records in the terrifying note that sent her fleeing in terror out to the Seychelles .
te	NN	Behind him a large crack split the building 's side , and bricks and mortar rained down onto the first chunk .
te	NNS	Michaels watched as the thing called Malcolm gazed down at the dead body for several moments , apparently lost in thought .
te	NN	A sudden extreme chill shot through his body .
te	NN	" In the throne room . "
te	NN	The hollow lay on a steep hillside , the only approach from below .
te	NNS	Killing demons is your destiny .
te	NNS	" As much as I like to be watched , these interruptions are getting old . "
te	NNS	Her sisters were nearly one hundred years old and were still learning spells that Seconds can cast .
te	NN	A dagger appeared in Gemma 's hand and she sent it spiraling through the air right at Kimber 's face .
te	NN	The beach season had ended on Shikoku Island but the surf season was never ending .
te	NN	My cousin , Emma LaRue , had won a trip to this resort and met billionaire Jack Saunders .
te	NN	Her courage almost failed , but then she remembered Tom saying that Mr. Jerome was a just and good man .
te	NN	The barmaid said that he did not look eager to go .
te	NN	In thy hand is now the fate of all that was ; all that f is ; and all that is yet to be .
te	NN	No effect , the core 's temperature continued to rise .
te	NN	Soon the jostling took its toll .
te	NN	Neither vehicle capsized , but Ezio and Sofia were flung brutally sideways .
te	NNS	The other units did and the group moved toward the creek .
te	NN	His captor was in control and happy to demonstrate it .
te	NN	The combination of fingers , teeth , tongue and the suction of his mouth made her muscles quake .
te	NN	Repeat , signal lock on us . "
te	NNS	Both men 's brows rose .
te	NNS	She gasped his name , her body clinging to him , her senses lost in pleasure .
te	NN	Mitch 's disbelief was plain on his face .
te	NNS	And there are nights when I need it sweet .
te	NNS	Reduced to ash that exploded outward , the bitch 's remains dusted the creatures in the nearest cells .
te	NN	Why does my conscience burn like I 've just committed a crime ?
te	NNS	His hair feathers ruffled as he settled back into a defensive stance .
te	NNS	The CCTV recordings confirm the unloading of cylinders .
te	NNS	" Security systems are still on line . "
te	NN	The counselor said lots of victims feel like I did . "
te	NNS	" Your senses are on the money .
te	NNS	If it were solid rock , workers could cut through it , and the sides would stay where they were .
te	NNS	Electric signals will direct blood and other chemicals to different parts of our bodies to activate our talents .
te	NNS	Church matters were dull .
te	NN	In this fashion the wagon attempted the crossing .
te	NNS	Previously , there were two demons moving about their base camp .
te	NNS	" When are the families coming ? "
te	NN	There was no sofa to place her on , so I took her upstairs to her bedroom .
te	NNS	Old wooden planks , waterlogged with rain , were easier to cross than thick mud .
te	NN	Pain flashes like lightning through my body , my lungs crush and the tiny amount of breath left in them comes out in a gasp .
te	NN	Nobody had seen anything .
te	NN	" Sit before Tulane and be judged , " says our companion .
te	NN	" I suppose , " the ghost murmured .
te	NN	3 The whole affair turned into an unmitigated disaster for the media , for reasons that were both simple and instructive .
te	NNS	If you waited by the river long enough , eventually your enemies would float by .
te	NN	" It means a lot to the kids to hear the praise , too " the coach added .
te	NNS	His witches are keeping the spell going . "
te	NNS	There are no records to speak of . "
te	NN	A bloody smear stood out on her right shoulder .
te	NNS	" Where are the fire trucks ? "
te	NN	The net is closing in . "
te	NNS	Shadows flowed over the side of his face , throwing his masculine features into harsh relief .
te	NN	Another fairy tale lie .
te	NNS	The sins of the parents could easily fall from one generation to the next , an evil cycle that held no end in sight .
te	NNS	There were five cooks buzzing around pots and ovens while two men washed dishes in a large sink .
te	NNS	Damn , shotguns exploded beyond the wall .
te	NNS	Faces start to look out from the room at Serena , so she moves on .
te	NNS	After a few minutes , the subjects began to wince before a horrible image would appear on the screen , reacting up to three seconds in advance .
te	NN	The aggression had gone out of her voice , and she lowered her hands to her sides , less certain with each minute .
te	NN	A terrible mask has frozen in place .
te	NNS	But the tissues around the wound , all the way through his body , were swelling as though they meant to burst .
te	NN	The crow cocked an eye at the four humans , who were hastily pulling back their chairs to get out of its way .
te	NNS	Both the bed 's occupants lifted their heads to see the newcomer at the same time .
te	NN	" Anyone who wants to hurt them or slight them is gon na have to go through me to do it .
te	NNS	The elders found distractions .
te	NN	The look Xavier was giving me knocked my breath away .
te	NNS	When people stood near Spider on a day that he was this happy , their worlds would seem a little brighter .
te	NNS	Her limbs began to shake , and she wondered if she might be sick .
te	NN	My cousin is unaffected .
te	NNS	The leather volumes are shoved haphazardly on the shelves , some even upside down .
te	NN	There 's also the mystery of your blood .
te	NN	There was even a slight breeze that moved the leaves just enough to remind me of a romantic movie .
te	NN	A shuttle that is not only safer , but more equipped to handle long range space travel . "
te	NNS	As Sula lowered , the twin moons rose gently from the other side .
te	NNS	Jace 's brows lifted .
te	NN	A little chill of fear made goose bumps pop out up and down Mattie 's arms .
te	NNS	Breathless , scorching , open-mouthed kisses .
te	NN	My aunt decided right then she was going to marry the man and she did .
te	NN	But there was always the draft to fall back on .
te	NN	" After we find the mine , somebody will have to start the explosion . "
te	NNS	Vanessa 's nails curled into her palm at his assumption and false praise .
te	NNS	Angus stepped in front of his wife and lifted her chin .
te	NN	The mist swirled , too thick to see the person guiding her through it as easily as if it were clear water .
te	NN	Nobody was going to free him , so he had to get used to this .
te	NN	More importantly , the realtor knew Jake , and had a thing for him .
te	NNS	Footsteps scuffed on the grass .
te	NN	The cooks would be the busiest of all , preparing a multitude of dishes , representing food from the many members ' own time and country .
te	NN	" The crescent arrives twice . "
te	NN	A grinding groan rumbled through their little hole , causing dust to sift down from the rubble .
te	NN	Any twitch of lip , any blink of an eye , any movement of our bodies is all it would take to out us .
te	NNS	Were these concerns paranoid , childishly petulant or coldly valid ?
te	NNS	The energies I focused on just seamlessly blended into my mind .
te	NN	Her friendship with Christophe came later and started out on a promising note , but fizzled when she decided not to take it further .
te	NNS	The soldiers ' swords possessed the fire of justice , and that the demons could not withstand .
te	NNS	" Why didn 't the traps trigger ? "
te	NN	A soldier advanced toward them , " Where you folks planning on going ?
te	NN	Our tour guide tells us that Nero sung through an earthquake here .
te	NN	Amelia ordered , her patience completely evaporated .
te	NN	' Why is the coach here ? '
te	NNS	Apparently , carrying heavy suitcases up stairs is character-building . "
te	NN	" According to Alvin , there is the stronghold in the island .
te	NNS	The next few RPG rounds walked down the length of the Longhouse killing most of the clan before any sort of defense could be organized .
te	NNS	About fifteen paces later , the silhouettes ahead of her turned left .
te	NN	" His Lordship never entertains .
te	NNS	The reports said he adapted this new disease from animal testing and began illegal human testing with it .
te	NN	Their friendship was no more , tossed away haphazardly like it no longer meant anything ... if it ever even did .
te	NNS	Cyrus is teaching me how to keep the voices quiet .
te	NNS	Doctors kill patients because their hands slip .
te	NNS	Houses lined the beach with a perfect view of the ocean .
te	NN	Anyone stupid enough to come on this mission was to be appreciated .
te	NN	A rifle and crossbow hung from each of his shoulders .
te	NN	The stain appeared suddenly as an enormous flaw in an otherwise perfect creature .
te	NN	Its lifeline was bright red , ready to be reaped .
te	NN	The amusement vanished and he frowned .
te	NN	" Everybody goes up a notch for this .
te	NN	There was a gash just above Jenny 's ear that had been hidden by her long hair .
te	NNS	The feathers rose again from the abdomen to cover the bosom , tightly following undoubtedly feminine curves as though the creature had been dipped in gold .
te	NNS	Jess wants to be at school early to perfect her perfect attendance since pre-school . "
te	NNS	Dying rodents usually don 't move far .
te	NNS	When he cocked his head , the corners of his mouth curved up slightly .
te	NNS	She clicks the power button on the television remote , her nerves too fried to watch anymore .
te	NN	The Duke 's reception wasn 't comfortable , though the King 's hospitality was lavish as ever .
te	NNS	All her bones were aching badly and the senses were almost numbing .
te	NNS	The students look at each other in disbelief .
te	NNS	And soon the contraction pains were back with a vengeance .
te	NNS	Demons are usually a lot tougher . "
te	NNS	Iris looked at her but was unsure of what to say .
te	NNS	After he had shot the rebels , the helicopters would land , and Empire 's troops would search the area .
te	NNS	The document sizes were large , which meant that these were all programs for other aspects of the swarm mechanism .
te	NN	But soon , her curiosity won out .
te	NNS	Cold nights delivered the clearest skies and the best views of the celestial heavens .
te	NNS	The crystals will destroy any remaining wolves attempting to flee through tunnels that we don 't know about . "
te	NNS	These old Washington families recoiled at any sense of dishonor .
te	NNS	" Horses can sense fear .
te	NNS	Michaels pushed away from Grant and stared at him with horror .
te	NN	Then a moan came floating up from the crowd .
te	NNS	Justus stood , frowning .
te	NNS	Several more rounds slice off the pirate 's arms and his legs at the knees .
te	NNS	( There are exceptions . )
te	NNS	Soon the dragons were rolling in the gold covering the dungeon floor .
te	NNS	The bright glow pulses inside the diamond for a moment before fading away .
te	NNS	It crawled slowly closer , the expressionless face drawing nearer to my own .
te	NNS	No animals were in the pens .
te	NN	A young nurse hovered in the doorway .
te	NNS	Her ponytail swings from side to side like she 's a pissed-off racehorse .
te	NNS	" Hull reinforcements are out of power .
te	NN	But there was a second , shorter awning , shielding a window .
te	NN	When the youngster was out of earshot , The Big Man said , " Be very careful what you say to me . "
te	NNS	Jess looked back to the money .
te	NN	The fowl beast tumbled down the mountainside .
te	NNS	Derek counters , then says to me , " You want to talk about lyin ' , let 's put everythin ' out on the table .
te	NN	Sierra 's convoy placed her on the stage and she was quickly pulled into Damien 's arms .
te	NNS	Most civilizations would 've put them to death .
te	NN	The announcer asked him to come back , but he waved him off .
te	NNS	Rocks had fallen down here , and sand had blown in , and seeds had taken root .
te	NNS	" No students come on Sundays .
te	NN	A waiter wearing a black shirt , black pants and a long black apron came over to take our order .
te	NN	The nurse stopped just feet from the door .
te	NN	Somehow his skull had stopped Sean 's bullet from entering his brain .
te	NNS	The far corners of the room sprang into focus .
te	NN	" Besides , swimming is easy and I 'm sure that if these suits can help us fly they can also help us swim . "
te	NNS	The views were great .
te	NN	Silence greeted his remark .
te	NNS	Her suspicions rose again ; it sounded so promising , but then it always did ... until she learned the truth .
te	NNS	Computers were being wiped , records incinerated .
te	NNS	And there " s some sandwiches in a bag .
te	NN	" Nobody has custody of me .
te	NNS	James blows on his coffee , takes a sip and puts it down .
te	NN	Silence followed , except for my own rapid breathing .
te	NNS	Her pajama bottoms left very little to the imagination .
te	NNS	The security personnel on the door became anxious , the areas traffic lights , security cameras and systems ceased operating .
te	NN	" Sex addict . "
te	NN	Jason 's frown wavered .
te	NN	Lot of the locals were selling it for pennies on the dollar and moving south . "
te	NNS	Alarm bells started to go off at the back of my mind .
te	NNS	There were bedrooms that looked as if they 'd been closed off for years .
te	NN	The shaking , rapid heartbeat and pain across his chest were also things that he 'd accepted as being perfectly all right .
te	NNS	Vampires take territory seriously .
te	NNS	the third magi asked softly .
te	NN	' Casino , how bad is it ? '
te	NNS	There were photos stacked on top of the book .
te	NN	Once Charlotte made peace with her own ghosts , there was still no guarantee he 'd want to settle down .
te	NNS	My mother 's visions have never lead us wrong before .
te	NNS	Tess sits besides me and sighs .
te	NN	The canister rolled away from him sparking from the charge .
te	NN	An eager moan escaped my lips .
te	NN	The trembling hadn 't started yet , but it would soon , and the faster she made her escape , the better .
te	NN	The shuttle lifted off the ground and moved out .
te	NN	Nobody messed with my dad 's car . "
te	NNS	Their tracer rounds began spraying us in a slow moving left to right pattern that we could see coming toward us .
te	NN	A gale of laughter rippled through the viewing stands .
te	NNS	No fresh herbs , so dried would have to do .
te	NNS	Her diversionary tactics cut no ice with me .
te	NNS	Then my senses click in and I stop .
te	NNS	Justus thought he was dreaming as the Crimson Flux lowered itself down onto the roof .
te	NN	There was little hint of the evil that lay beneath .
te	NNS	Vampires would have , but they would have licked up every drop of that blood .
te	NN	The temperature began to rise and I took off my T-shirt , revealing a colourful plaid string bikini .
te	NNS	The many ice shards sticking out of the target began to fall off him , as though they were melting .
te	NNS	Michaels didn 't know , or care , why the high-ranking Inquisitor had any interest in this particular individual .
te	NNS	The two strangers broke pace next to dented white Toyota Corolla .
te	NN	" And the law wouldn 't have allowed him to stay .
te	NNS	Zeus thought he recognized it and he tried to squirm out .
te	NN	The breeze rippled through Adele 's hair sending long strands to float lazily on the air and brush against the column of her throat .
te	NN	Only the clan matters . "
te	NN	Panic did that to a girl .
te	NNS	Zeus immediately put his nose to the ground , sifting through myriad fallen branches .
te	NN	Our bargain would not be binding to the others if I were under your control during the negotiation . "
te	NN	His beam picked out a couple of bayonets oxidized to black .
te	NNS	Humans are social animals you know . "
te	NN	And once again , a bolt of wisdom struck me .
te	NN	The sniper ignored this flattering remark .
te	NNS	At work affairs were rampant .
te	NN	Pressure on her chest made it hard for her to breathe .
te	NN	Moments later , the limo pulled up to the curb .
te	NNS	He would use the same methods of concealment the lions used when they lay in wait to pounce upon their prey .
te	NNS	Terry 's psychic powers were amazing , so great they 'd become a burden .
te	NN	Since they already had a child together , a ceremony was long past due , in Grace Sherman 's opinion .
te	NNS	The rumors have grown , but if even part of it is true , I will not be able to dominate you as he did . "
te	NNS	Many enemies from bygone days would seek their revenge if they knew my location .
te	NNS	Humans are all the same .
te	NNS	the princess shrieked horribly .
te	NN	I stepped into the house , the back door banging closed behind me .
te	NNS	Tess shot back at her .
te	NNS	The judges clapped and Errol thought it was the best day of his life .
te	NNS	The workers crowded in , each one bowing to Winston as he passed .
te	NNS	Quick decisions and snap judgments were his trademark .
te	NNS	His body was sluggish , limbs weighted down , leaden where he sprawled facedown on the cold hard surface that had apparently been his bed .
te	NN	Shock and hurt immediately turned to rage - more at herself for believing for even a second that Vel wasn 't like the rest of them .
te	NN	The realization hit me , and I almost made a play for the nearest exit .
te	NN	Cassie 's ears were humming , there was a thrumming vibe in her eardrums that blocked out all sound , all reason .
te	NN	In general , the Russian aircraft were over-engineered , able to withstand much more abuse than their western counterparts .
te	NN	The rich flavor of spicy , smoked beef was so good her stomach cramped , and it took all her self-control not to swallow .
te	NNS	Lukas said in German as they enjoyed glasses of brandy .
te	NN	A long-handled broom stood forlornly in one corner as evidence .
te	NN	The nurse hands me a flimsy white hospital gown and tells me to change into it .
te	NNS	" My troops , " Adam introduced .
te	NN	This exertion cost him energy and he practically slumped onto her , only managing to stay upright by holding onto her with his spare hand .
te	NNS	Four columns of rapidly scrolling ancient text appeared on the screen .
te	NN	The only aspect of her life that had changed was her thinking .
te	NNS	The buildings and subdivisions are now behind us , to my great relief .
te	NNS	More blows followed in quick succession , and the door was soon accessible through the hole .
te	NNS	" Most werewolf clubs have that feel .
te	NNS	Seeing as we recovered both the ray and the balls , our scientists should figure a way to reverse the process . "
te	NNS	" Should one of those dots stray within one hundred feet of the gate , the turrets lock on automatically .
te	NNS	The buildings here were all a lovely misty gray , which gave them a dreamlike quality .
te	NNS	Perhaps my old wits have gone begging , but I was under the impression we have a very large room full of books .
te	NN	The Neanderthal bowed his head and backed toward the servant 's door .
te	NN	The American flag that my father put up on our boathouse in 1936 lay limp against its pole .
te	NN	I smiled faintly and agreed , glad I hadn 't been in the library to witness the fuss when she had entered .
te	NN	The first ailing soldier appeared in his surgery complaining of intense stomach cramps .
te	NN	There was a steady hum of electronics equipment but the radio was silent .
te	NN	There is no mouse in it , but the Merri Lee said you would like this meat better . "
te	NN	And a bowl of milk for them , too , " she added as the maid set the gown down and moved to leave the room .
te	NN	A huge and ancient pickup lumbered to a stop .
te	NNS	" My Mage affairs are of no concern to you .
te	NN	The row of ceiling fans over the bar whirred softly and tousled her hair when she walked underneath them .
te	NN	' When I was a teenager .
te	NN	The basement was much larger than the building above it ; the walls appear to extend well beyond the actual boundaries of the property .
te	NNS	Along with the medals were one or two photos , a wedding ring , and a single lock of blond hair .
te	NNS	' These gentlemen have all appeared on our radar after making gains that would be hard to explain by mere luck .
te	NNS	The rocks on each side rose steadily into the air until they formed a wall on either side that toward over them .
te	NN	* * * The shuttle soared .
te	NNS	Then the wings came out , and with one powerful , coordinated stroke , the creature rose gracefully into the air .
te	NNS	But families have each other 's backs .
te	NNS	Lukas followed Esme into the tiny living room where she 'd set up her ironing board in front of the television .
te	NNS	Where are the hinges ?
te	NN	A puddle of dark liquid glistened on the gray morning light .
te	NNS	His mates were there too . '
te	NN	Unfortunately , Mac 's shuttle landed in the main airfield .
te	NN	Everybody gathered around the pool , and from where we stood , the ceremony would begin .
te	NN	The cop in front of them looked surprised that they weren 't giving up .
te	NN	My patience just all out fled when that phone lit up again .
te	NNS	At once , the adults all began talking over each other , gesturing furiously with knives , spoons , and rolls of bread .
te	NNS	With a thunderous din , alarm bells went off throughout the building .
te	NN	" She wasn 't getting it , the university was .
te	NNS	His human hosts were more than family to him .
te	NN	The orange tore in half right down the middle of the ' X ' .
te	NN	Behind him , Skyler 's birth father Razvan stood tall and straight .
te	NNS	Small shards and slivers of golden metal seemed fused to her skin .
te	NNS	he asked , both brows raised .
te	NNS	Breathless , Trystan says , " You know me so well . "
te	NNS	Orpheus laughed and went back to his cold burger .
te	NN	Our entire clan depends on the healthy arrival of the babe . "
te	NNS	" Sometimes , regulations are stupid . "
te	NNS	First the dotted shrubs , then the low cut grasses ; the desert was behind them .
te	NN	Dashing through the square , the hero spots the origin of the explosion , the absurd radius of destruction reaching well into the town .
te	NN	" And the bus takes two and a half hours ? "
te	NN	The nurse looked wide-eyed at me .
te	NNS	" There are too many cows here , don 't you think ? "
te	NNS	As they moved together to the music , warning bells rang in his head , but nothing could have stopped him from settling his mouth on hers .
te	NN	The official was quiet for a moment before announcing , " This land has been claimed for the Scarlet King and you must depart immediately . "
te	NN	The slab was empty except for a wooden frame that held a Black Widow 's tangled web .
te	NNS	His fingertips hit bare skin and he let out a sharp , harsh breath .
te	NNS	Angus would be there with me , and Mark would be there too , but I didn 't see that it would make it any easier .
te	NN	A knot formed in his stomach and his fingers curled into tight fists .
te	NN	The element of surprise is one of my greatest weapons .
te	NNS	Tess spoke up , again offering her brand of reason .
te	NNS	A few minutes later the Dragon Crows arrived at the entry of the waterfall .
te	NN	The aircraft smoothed out and ascended to its original cruising altitude .
te	NNS	The divorce statistics spoke for themselves .
te	NNS	The gurney 's wheels squeaked and Hali found this irritating .
te	NNS	The units didn 't scatter .
te	NNS	What are your odds ?
te	NNS	Her nails dug into my back .
te	NN	A bead of sweat ran down his temple , and his words seemed even more labored .
te	NNS	Then gunshots and metallic pings .
te	NNS	The dragons could be either demons or fallen angels .
te	NN	If she called some evidence of early arthritis and degenerative joint disease inconclusive .
te	NN	" This holy article , stored in holy water from the Vatican , taken from the Holy Land , will be your strength . "
te	NN	That water heater couldn 't quite handle this shower .
te	NN	Priority check-in had taken care of their bags , and Edwin decided to browse the airport bookshop for something to read on the plane .
te	NNS	The last notes of the music faded away and Jess maneuvered the chair through the crowd back toward the table .
te	NN	" Father , there 's no smoking in the hospital .
te	NNS	She wore a long pink scarf as well , its ends dabbled in blood .
te	NNS	Humans , it was taught , were different from those agents of the Order because of freewill .
te	NN	But here in this room ( and in others , she knew ) was a collection of magic .
te	NN	The shade of the stall was soothing .
te	NN	" Maybe there 's a secret passageway . "
te	NNS	There are holes where their ears ought to be , and their eyes are oddly placed .
te	NN	" Where 's your passport ? "
te	NNS	Now the towers run until they break down .
te	NN	" Like the album cover . "
te	NN	Another undefeated season came to an end and he and Garrett had every reason to celebrate .
te	NN	chapter twenty-six Aimee 's expression changes from surprise to concern .
te	NN	The ringer was off .
te	NNS	Zeus put his drink down and walked over to the table .
te	NN	As Check slammed into my willing body one more time , a moan fled my mouth , and I could feel myself tightening around his erection .
te	NN	The crew mumbled amongst themselves while the brutish captain shouted a few commands here and there .
te	NN	A mirage of light suddenly flashed .
te	NNS	The native California plants bearing purple and yellow and gold and red flowers turned themselves to face the moving sunlight throughout the day .
te	NNS	The quantities involved were nothing that would fully support a regiment like ours , but it was still quite a substantial number of goods being entered .
te	NN	A chill went up Lizzy 's arm .
te	NNS	Zeus inhaled through his nose and stared at the ceiling .
te	NN	The fifth member of the Whites Bay assault team fared better .
te	NNS	The three assassins took wider positions in the room .
te	NNS	" The runners are straight .
te	NNS	Meanwhile , that selfsame day the miners of the deep earth found at its core a stone in the shape of a heart and blood-red in color .
te	NNS	Iris was inside , tied up like me .
te	NNS	The bandages on his hand and wrist showed that he should at least try to find help somewhere in the building .
te	NN	There was not a hint of genuine affection or regard .
te	NN	His rhythm stuttered for a moment , his eyes closed , and he was beautiful as he tried to hold himself together .
te	NN	His behaviour was completely over the top .
te	NN	A tendril chased after them , its twisting surface flaying open the cavern 's walls .
te	NN	The drama and pent-up emotions I always experienced with Tripp had never been there with Jace .
te	NNS	The floorboards beneath my feet were beginning to feel hot .
te	NN	' ' I. . .
te	NNS	More flashes all around me , more of the deafening roars that followed the flashes , all bright and powerful .
te	NNS	And the buildings never seemed to stop .
te	NN	What 's your emergency ? "
te	NN	Shock , rage , disbelief and panic fought for space in their fevered , venal minds .
te	NN	The entire horizon collapses downward , spilling into the approaching lake of molten liquid while sporadic plumes of lava throw islands of earth into the ceiling aggressively .
te	NNS	Years of being an alpha had cemented his own protection .
te	NN	What 's the sport in that I ask you ?
te	NN	One soldier approached and began fastening him in .
te	NNS	The masses have already fled to New Mecca and other worlds .
te	NN	Her confidence seemed to be shaken , and for his own peace of mind , Rich was relieved to see it .
te	NN	The block in my throat dissolved , and I was able to take a few deep , calming breaths .
te	NNS	The concrete blocks were still there .
te	NN	Without boundaries or markers , the caravan took to the west .
te	NN	The article said that a person with mono needed to avoid physical activity , but there was nothing about visitors .
te	NN	An artist never heard enough compliments on her work .
te	NN	A bolt of lust and magic speared through me , followed immediately by a wave of regret .
te	NNS	Humans would need to open it first .
te	NN	" Well , nobody sensed the woman 's tactics .
te	NN	The scientist whimpered again as Colonel Bronn removed his hand and looked back up at the giant test tube .
te	NN	The interior of the lid has a Craftsman sticker on it with some ID numbers .
te	NNS	The legal aspects of reporting were definitely getting to be a difficult mine field to maneuver through .
te	NN	Silence reigned for a moment as Steven studied her .
te	NNS	" The evenings are still a bit chilly this time of year . "
te	NN	A pit bull puppy ran in circles in the grass , yapping frantically at the intruding car .
te	NNS	That rabbits weren 't large enough game to keep the pack well fed .
te	NNS	Vampires can 't read it .
te	NN	His admission stunned me .
te	NN	" Nobody walking in here right now would believe it , but yes , I am .
te	NN	The carrier is the same as everyone 's here .
te	NNS	His brows lowered even more , shadowing his face as though he 'd realized he 'd never said it .
te	NN	When he smiled at me , my heartbeat galloped ahead .
te	NNS	There are two scientists working on something in the room , and they don 't pay attention to us .
te	NNS	The co-pilot radios , " Don 't tell me you hit that . "
te	NN	No wonder Jemma had refused to come in and talk .
te	NNS	Wallis looked at one of the trio of books and found a simple black fabric cover protected the pages .
te	NN	The grungy little man said , his defeated gaze taking in the four young people in the room .
te	NN	However , nervousness wasn 't all that uncommon among even the most loyal of American allies .
te	NNS	Those adorable curls would have made him look g * y if not for his strong jaw .
te	NN	A hay wagon bounced down a snaky cut that jagged through the woods .
te	NN	A tragedy , a violent loss , and then people simply gave up .
te	NN	Nobody wanted to stop a month-long mission after only six days but if the MAV took any more punishment we 'd all get stranded down here .
te	NNS	Jess gestured at the crate of claret .
te	NN	Anyone who could assist her in that endeavor would be a friend . "
te	NNS	Even when Cole wasn 't around , traces of him followed me everywhere .
te	NNS	Footsteps approached and he braced himself , ready to use his briefcase as a weapon .
te	NN	" An accidental remark out there could precipitate some unpleasantness we 'd all prefer to avoid . "
te	NN	What century are you in ? "
te	NN	Cade 's frown sagged into sorrow .
te	NNS	With my small arms , I hugged her , our hearts pounding against each other rhythmically .
te	NN	His confidence was sky high and he was determined not to fail .
te	NN	Whatever the intent , the effect was ominous .
te	NNS	Whilst he was petting the horses and trying to quiet them , dark clouds drifted rapidly across the sky .
te	NN	A cure can 't be that far away now .
te	NN	But a split second later , she 'd felt terrible .
te	NNS	Even as I said it , qualms of doubt assailed me .
te	NNS	You 'd never guess that fifty years ago , cows slept in this barn .
te	NN	" The silent film actress , " Allyson explains .
te	NN	The enforcer keeps his gun steady .
te	NNS	Devon 's senses went on high alert ; he stiffened as he sensed an undercurrent of anger and impatience running through the boy .
te	NNS	Demons never played fair ; they didn 't see the point .
te	NN	The ocean looked wild , blue , and inviting this morning , the rocky beach deserted .
te	NNS	Your sisters would never go through with a plan like this without your encouragement .
te	NNS	An older gentlemen with a shock of white hair came out to greet us .
te	NN	A faint breeze caressed my body .
te	NN	The soft clinking of the chains sounded almost deafening in the otherwise complete silence .
te	NNS	" Horses hate me , and I hate massages . "
te	NN	His inner beast roared at him to assert dominance .
te	NN	Her only regret was that Nash had died without ever having had a chance to appreciate the irony involved .
te	NNS	Straight , coarse streaks of gray hair escaped in thin tufts from under her black shawl and fluttered in the breeze created by her mobile right arm .
te	NN	The Carpenters ' guest room .
te	NN	" Your majesty , please ignore them for troubling you with something so meaningless .
te	NN	Above the monitor sat a recording device making a visual document of the mission .
te	NNS	The bright gray clouds blinded me as I entered the air outside .
te	NNS	The two angry animals continued to swing at each other .
te	NN	Avalon 's instructions got faster , the farther from me the armored vehicle drove .
te	NN	As the trial had proceeded , his countenance had altered .
te	NN	This element of who I am , much more than the color of my skin will set me apart from the people of this place .
te	NN	With her head held high and , she hoped , her dignity intact Meg made her way out of the restaurant .
te	NN	When it got to a certain point , then consciousness appeared .
te	NNS	The paparazzi hadn 't been too bad since we didn 't give them much to report on besides being happy and in love .
te	NNS	There were even branches of the business in the US run by his son , her biological brother Dante .
te	NN	Two hours later the yacht docked again , and Carmine was the first one off the boat .
te	NNS	Medical buildings surrounded the area , along with the downtown Falls River State University close by .
te	NN	As time crawled on , his patience came to an end .
te	NN	There was a depth in them that spoke of chaos and secrets , of wanting to possess and not quite knowing when to let go .
te	NNS	Two bottles caught my attention .
te	NNS	Clear skies and waning sunlight welcomed them back to his old stomping grounds , southern California .
te	NN	" There is a man digging in the garden .
te	NNS	Both fighters in the ring were vigorously pursuing their hostile engagement when she shook herself out of this mad vision .
te	NN	With President Ikeda , his learning deepened .
te	NNS	The dishes offered are somewhat similar to Mexican tacos and Italian pizzas , except they are better !
te	NNS	The puddles caused huge splashes as we went .
te	NN	Anyone could have paid for you , and they wouldn 't be nearly as ... knowledgeable of your desires . "
te	NNS	Meeting locals isn 't hard in Chile .
te	NNS	He turned toward the battleground and for the first time , saw the demons .
te	NN	The hero sniffed back before it whipped inside his t-shirt and disappeared with a page that had found its way under his polyester covering .
te	NNS	There were opportunities that would take time to filter .
te	NN	Immediately the crease in her brow disappeared and a smile softened her lips .
te	NN	The technician said , ' Here you go . '
te	NN	But my attraction to Liz has always been something that skates on that line between want and need .
te	NNS	Dead bugs and unidentifiable stains adorned the inner moth eaten sheets .
te	NNS	The proceedings of the next few hours looked very familiar to Lilly Ann .
te	NNS	" Oh , my heavens , " she said , breathless .
te	NN	Soon , his rhythm slowed down , becoming erratic , as he continued his grunt .
te	NNS	Drawing me closer , flashes go off and I am sure that this will be in the paper tomorrow .
te	NN	A warm breeze rustled the pages of the book she had let fall onto the patio floor beneath her .
te	NNS	The guard 's finger nails dug into Noah 's legs , peeling skin through his trousers .
te	NN	But soon my patience would serve me no longer .
te	NN	The carbonate coating has been applied and polished to give him a shiny black appearance .
te	NN	The car traffic had thinned out a little after midnight .
te	NN	His amusement was warm in her mind .
te	NNS	Gaius brought him here with me when I came . "
te	NN	Dr. Jess Cromwell 's research summary inside .
te	NNS	Angus drove effortlessly , as if he didn 't need to think about it at all .
te	NNS	Zeus passed round the drinks and they started to stroll towards the southeast corner of the square .
te	NN	" Everybody knows a gopher 's a gopher ! "
te	NNS	Years turned into decades .
te	NN	" Where 's that artist , Duncan ? "
te	NNS	" Friends don 't shove friends . "
te	NNS	The rivers and creeks were by now swollen , many out of their banks , rendering them all but impassable .
te	NNS	From what I knew about Olden Cross , the skies were always like this here .
te	NN	A beautiful stone mansion stood flanked by Douglas fir trees and rimmed in rhododendrons .
te	NNS	Her limbs and back knotted themselves tight when she tried it , and to her embarrassment she found herself unable to stand .
te	NNS	A succubus immortal signature .
te	NNS	Lukas watched her for a moment , mesmerized by her strong strokes .
te	NNS	Servants still passed among the guests , providing wine , but the guests had now become more interested in one another .
te	NNS	The whites of Alexander 's eyes grew when he heard Grey 's voice .
te	NNS	Tess ignored the woman and knocked again .
te	NN	A lump forms in my throat and I push my feelings aside for the time being .
te	NN	The loud bang of a gunshot ringing out in the distance .
te	NN	Jackson yelled , fury etched on every line of his face .
te	NN	The flock scattered to all sides , like a flushed covey of quail .
te	NN	Silence fell , heavy as an ax .
te	NNS	" The lions will get him . "
te	NNS	The small circles she made with her hips drove him insane and the barrier of clothing nearly killed him .
te	NNS	No cannons weighed down this beauty .
te	NNS	The Reich scientists didn 't stand a chance either .
te	NN	There is sorrow in Harlin 's voice .
te	NNS	The passwords were a little tricky to get past .
te	NNS	He glanced at her again , brows raised .
te	NNS	Farther down the line were the living trees , their healthy branches blooming with vibrant leaves , their trunks a pleasant brown .
te	NN	" " The dragons are rising over the mountains in the north .
te	NNS	The main rotors started to turn as he put on his helmet and buckled himself in .
te	NN	My heart rate picks up and I know I 'm close to a full-fledged panic attack .
te	NNS	There were three stacks of them , ten or more boxes , on the table .
te	NN	A harsh shout goes up among the dicing men , and I softly jab him in the ribs .
te	NN	So there was no remorse in her , no phantom urge to protect him as she grabbed his head and twisted his neck to the side .
te	NN	" In a guesthouse close to the forum and the curia . "
te	NNS	Her little laughs were getting on my nerves .
te	NN	On a corner sofa by the railings was another pair .
te	NNS	Years spent in my own personal hell , tormented by the decisions that lead me here .
te	NN	Silence , and then Ava said in a small voice , " What ? "
te	NNS	Gladys hesitated in the stairwell .
te	NN	" The emperor has much more treasure than my father . "
te	NNS	" What would you gentlemen say to a breath of fresh air ? "
te	NNS	Horses are clawing at the air and men are hawking insurance and protection to the riders .
te	NNS	The only weeds were tiny sprouts amid the thriving vegetables , but Jain pulled them anyway .
te	NNS	My sisters were so nosy .
te	NN	The totally unexpected proposal stunned her into silence .
te	NNS	Jess caught her h * ps and held her directly over his hard shaft .
te	NN	The state trooper was taking aim with the rifle but couldn 't fire .
te	NNS	The perfect square touches the ceiling and then falls down into the wall , alone , without any protection guards plus guns .
te	NNS	His wings were heavier than usual , the snow continuing to fall .
te	NNS	The freckles on your cheeks , A perfect dot to dot The words at your fingertips Painting pictures that I 've sought .
te	NN	The beam of her flashlight splashed across Cassie 's face , momentarily blinding her .
te	NNS	There are still a few labs on site that have high magnetic flux warnings up ; not like before .
te	NN	The CEO finally made the decision to stop the bloodletting .
te	NNS	Zeus disappeared hours after Ares was born , presumably to celebrate with Poseidon and Hades .
te	NNS	Her shoulder was already bruised and bloody , her nails torn where she 'd gouged at the lock .
te	NNS	Ares held her mouth shut until he made certain that she had swallowed it and then we waited .
te	NN	The meat could be tough , but there should be more than enough to last them to well past Garstang if they were careful .
te	NNS	Dark circles lined his eyes as if he hadn 't slept , and his hair was messy , standing up in several directions .
te	NN	His lip split and blood ran down his chin .
te	NN	The farmer shoved his dented hat up at Luc 's approach .
te	NN	One said , Got a crush on them , sort of thing ?
te	NNS	" The spells on this room will dissipate in one hour .
te	NN	The hot tub which stood encased in white stone about two feet away from the bed was bubbling .
te	NN	Still a little groggy he rolled out of bed , embarrassed to find he was naked .
te	NN	The beast is almost coy , playful ... cruel in its whims .
te	NN	" Holy crap on a crutch , " Iona muttered .
te	NNS	Some longstanding residents of the town were unaware of the membership , unaware of the underlying motives of the people in the community .
te	NN	Man , with all his imperfections , required forgiveness .
te	NNS	However , the elements had never been like this .
te	NN	A pregnancy would force him into a relationship that was not on his terms , burden him with a commitment he didn 't want .
te	NNS	Your rights are null and void .
te	NN	At this point , their record for agreeing was more than that of most married couples .
te	NNS	There are always casualties in war . "
te	NN	My dear Brianna , Thank you for your most welcome letter .
te	NNS	Small flashes of our moments together over the past twelve years flashed through my mind .
te	NNS	Cyrus gestured towards the mirror .
te	NN	A gambler , my uncle Cole cheats his way through life .
te	NNS	Some spells leave lingering touches , even after being removed .
te	NNS	All her sisters had declared she was now perfectly put together and Liz herself had ended up approving the result of their combined efforts .
te	NNS	The front tires skidded once on a muddy section that sent the blade skidding into the newly created hole before Catfish .
te	NNS	Bless you my dear boy " Blake just stood there , motionless looks kinda funny though .
te	NN	The alarm began to beep , signaling that the door had been opened .
te	NN	Gazing up into the void of blue above , an object of great speed dissected thy vision .
te	NNS	Feelings he hadn 't even known he could be capable of experiencing until he met me all those years ago .
te	NNS	Rema glanced over just in time to see both her aunt and uncle on their knees , swords pointed at their chests .
te	NNS	The other profits go to your savings .
te	NNS	The sharp tips of his claws ghosted by her cheek as he brushed back an errant strand of hair .
te	NNS	Emotions were nothing more than a waste .
te	NNS	Their powers are pure .
te	NN	This council member isn 't stupid .
te	NN	The defender , who Manny had blown past , was frantically trying to catch him .
te	NN	The moisture between her legs already proved she had plenty to fear .
te	NN	The scientist disconnects the wires from the girl 's arms and pulls a switch on a machine by the girl .
te	NN	The neatly formed diamond burst so rapidly that the eye could not follow the various paths of the playing balls .
te	NNS	' What are your immediate reactions , Comrade Colonel ? '
te	NN	A long-legged gait rushed toward Mira 's slump in the car .
te	NN	A waiter must have dropped a tray of food because a loud clatter sounded right behind Della .
te	NN	But the recent demise of Agrippa had abruptly changed some of these habits .
te	NNS	Her fingers clenched tightly in her lap , her nails dug into her palms .
te	NNS	The results weren 't promising .
te	NNS	The tenants were up and around in time for breakfast .
te	NN	With a wave of his hand an air bubble appears in the middle of the table .
te	NNS	Did my powers weaken ?
te	NN	And what is a prosperous merchant from Jerusalem doing in Ostia ?
te	NNS	Jess had told him before , " One day your limitless ambition might very well be your undoing . "
te	NN	" A writer , " she said , her voice breathless .
te	NN	Nell 's heartbeat picked up speed and everything in her clenched with intense anxiety .
te	NN	Somehow the topic never came up while we were together . "
te	NN	As soon as she hit the bottom , the ladder zipped up the wall and vanished through the opening , leaving us in near blackness .
te	NN	' The other extremely angry identity more powerful and potentially hateful than all of the world 's drug companies combined . '
te	NN	Fog covered the glass until swirls of darkness engulfed the entire piece .
te	NN	The ocean is just too uncertain a thing when it 's cold .
te	NN	I 'll admit , my patience had worn down to nothing .
te	NNS	Some accounts of battles he was in .
te	NNS	DeVries led the way to a booth and Charlie was certain now that she 'd been there before .
te	NN	This constant repetition was becoming tedious .
te	NNS	Jess stared at the stage , watching Johnnie and Chasing Cross perform .
te	NN	Agh , there 's the bell .
te	NNS	" The rumors are true .
te	NNS	Liz jerked her head toward him , her brows slid together .
te	NNS	And three shades of rust is hardly a paint job . "
te	NN	The general continued glaring at those in the room .
te	NN	Your health is more important than getting answers .
te	NNS	More guns fired and another howl came from the distance .
te	NNS	Three shades of blue swirled and writhed within the iridescent band .
te	NN	The beast inside her knew nothing of modesty .
te	NN	Silence held for a few seconds .
te	NNS	There were bets made that she 'd quit within a week .
te	NNS	Gaius narrowed his gaze , his fingers maintaining their tight grip on Sally 's neck .
te	NN	Silence stretches out , but I am grateful for it .
te	NN	" One brush of his skin against yours and there will be another one . "
te	NN	The doorbell rang , " Speak of the devil " .
te	NNS	Its covers and drapes were a brilliant bloodied .
te	NN	There was a cold hard knot at the pit of Spencer 's stomach .
te	NN	The shower drain and plumbing moved with the stall ; the hoses having been installed with sufficient length to allow ease of movement .
te	NN	Their DNA was still the same no matter which form they walked in .
te	NN	The contractor in Boston is moving too slowly .
te	NN	A chill ran through me at his words .
te	NN	My dick rocketed to life .
te	NNS	The blue mats on the floor held more interest than talking about what disciplines I knew .
te	NNS	Wood splintering , the rounds tore into the solid material .
te	NN	The last few days of autumn had been magical , a season of impossible dreams .
te	NN	The Gate exists for the Bad People . "
te	NN	" Did your , er , source provide you with any clue about where it might be ? "
te	NNS	Eighty odd students had poured into the classroom that day .
te	NN	Anyone could have let him in .
te	NNS	The coldness in his voice scared her .
te	NN	' Nobody but father can touch the Orb . '
te	NNS	The magi are one of the lines of the defense .
te	NNS	The animals couldn 't have done it .
te	NNS	There were many mountain mice , exquisite scale models of those he had seen on the Forbidden Island , each about the size of a bumble bee .
te	NNS	" The elders of our village say that if I try to bring him back , they 'll kill him . "
te	NNS	Orcs ran about with hammers and maces , pounding the alarms with great strokes .
te	NN	His entire Personal Guard lay butchered in front of their residence .
te	NN	Spirit was not a combat magic , but in the space of a heartbeat , I still knew I had to act .
te	NNS	His nerves were on fire and refused to be doused by the oncoming rain .
te	NNS	The animals fussed as they stood still , they were hungry again and would benefit a long stand by a trough .
te	NN	This thing didn 't call to her the way steel did .
te	NNS	Brent Paxton 's parties were legendary .
te	NNS	I step over a puddle , the soles of my shoes gripping the gritty tunnel floor .
te	NNS	Dark clouds were forming overhead and the wind was picking up , which concerned her .
te	NNS	His limbs were long and thin , giving him a spidery demeanor .
te	NN	There was a murmur or agreement from the shifters .
te	NN	I 'm going to enjoy getting to study you without it being a memory , " the little devil says .
te	NNS	The odds are in your favor . "
te	NNS	Gaius remained silent until the porter took his leave and shut the door again .
te	NNS	Ghosts didn 't get married .
te	NNS	The lyrics to Bob Dylan 's " Hero Blues " played through his mind .
te	NNS	No fewer than twenty cherubic statues frolicked in the basin and on the shelves descending from the parched spout .
te	NN	Loose lips syndrome has officially taken over .
te	NNS	But even large groups of pedestrians had a lower viscosity than cars and mopeds .
te	NNS	The results came back .
te	NNS	Mentally undressing hapless females whilst he stole their valuables .
te	NNS	The two sisters were both widows now , and they 'd discussed for years how much fun it would be if they could live together .
te	NN	His closeness made me dizzy , his scent had me lightheaded and the warmth of his skin against mine felt as though my soul was strangely complete .
te	NNS	Large potted plants crowded the shadowy porch .
te	NNS	Higher ranks never had to be scanned for unreported contacts . "
te	NN	And once the wall of silence had gone up around the incident , nobody spoke of it again .
te	NNS	Maybe the tenants are going to come back anytime . "
te	NNS	Oh , there were dozens of questions .
te	NN	My advice is to leave it .
te	NN	A smear of something dark against the rocks gave me the answer and made me gag .
te	NNS	His suspicions of the previous night had turned out to be all too correct .
te	NNS	No commercial back packs were available .
te	NN	And yes , a woman resident from there did pass away .
te	NN	" Be seated , " the judge directed .
te	NNS	That our enemies might have a few hours to reflect on the fact that they 're dying , instead of just being blown to bits ? "
te	NN	Before Susannah could respond , the doorbell rang .
te	NN	The Indigo Man stopped .
te	NNS	There , lying before him were four swords , each with a special marking and all instantly recognizable .
te	NN	Blaire My mother 's grave was the only place I could think of to go .
te	NN	A few months ago when a drought gripped the area , the farmer for whom they all labored considered laying them off and not paying them .
te	NN	He 'd drawn the gun and was holding it with both hands , barrel pointed straight up , at the waxing moon .
te	NN	One old dead pine caught like a torch and went into a perfect crackling blaze , while everyone else squawked and jumped to their feet .
te	NNS	Lucius did as he was told .
te	NNS	Yet unluckily for them , enemies were in abundance .
te	NN	Jonesy wasn 't happy and stormed out , not waiting for VIN , who ordered a favorite of his , a chocolate milkshake .
te	NNS	His spirits were much too high to consider formality .
te	NN	The rich red fluid that was spurting had stopped .
te	NN	the prince said , and the guests started to greet Ken and Meg in turn .
te	NN	The entire clan gathered as Alaric bore Keeley through the courtyard and around to where the loch spread out to the east .
te	NNS	Next to them were reporters from the Arizona Republic , the Phoenix Gazette , and several news services , covering the havoc .
te	NNS	Humans lie all the time .
te	NNS	The vehicles that are there are not fully operational and it is unclear how much work will be needed .
te	NNS	A few bullets hit the dirt beside me before I rolled over the top of the mound and then scrambled into the hole of the hull .
te	NNS	Through their windows , thick candles spread throughout flickered softly .
te	NN	Then the fish , the stream , and the jungle background began to fade .
te	NN	" It 's lovely , " Claire 's mum said .
te	NN	His gentleness made her knees weak and her heart race .
te	NN	" That 's all , " the scientist said before he and Nameless Andrew left the premises .
te	NN	Maybe the advice from an old bat like me could help some . "
te	NNS	The middle bouquets held carnations , big , frilly blossoms with gentle pink in the center and pale , wide borders along the petals ' edges .
te	NN	The crew had manned their normal stations and were preparing to pass by the rings of Saturn , at precisely the stroke of midnight .
te	NNS	Armoured vehicles roared through the Plains , leaving a trail of crushed and broken grass in their wake .
te	NNS	Too many shocks , delivered too quickly , had left Clary numb .
te	NNS	The branches carried large iridescent leaves which would twinkle and glisten .
te	NN	" There 's a trunk with blankets and supplies in that corner .
te	NN	The duck could be my friend , and perhaps -- in time -- something more .
te	NN	The donkey , however , seemed more like a dog than a beast of burden .
te	NNS	Ares stopped by the door and waved everyone behind him on .
te	NN	The flicker of movement came again , the tapestry to the right swaying slightly .
te	NNS	The corners of his eyes creased in worry as he looked me over .
te	NNS	Ares sees the world in black-and-white , and no matter how happy Hephaestus makes me , Ares doesn 't want to compete with his brother .
te	NN	A frown crept across my mouth , but I forced it away with a smile .
te	NN	Langer 's limp was always worse in the morning .
te	NN	A large ogre swung the door open .
te	NN	This jungle was barely restrained by a tattered rainbow headband and flecks of dandruff drifting lazily down from its heights .
te	NN	Were slavery or destruction the only possible routes into the future ?
te	NNS	The sisters had walked through this magical wood for a little while and were both feeling a little bit hungry .
te	NNS	His fingertips gently stroked her forehead , stroked her hair .
te	NN	A half-hour later a light-blue Ford pickup picked her up . "
te	NN	And surely our destiny is plain ; we see it in the gifts we possess . '
te	NN	The hull was comprised of a sand colored titanium plating that complemented the dimly lit double doorways , near both the bow and stern .
te	NN	As he launched toward her , the bow of the ferry bounced back up , tossing passengers into the sky , Angelina among them .
te	NN	" That if I can 't ... if I can 't go with you , then a half-human companion is the ideal choice . "
te	NN	" Our personal household robot .
te	NNS	So all the detection systems will lose one spacecraft and suddenly locate what it thinks is the same craft in the same location .
te	NNS	Jess began to belt it out , and reluctantly I joined in .
te	NN	Silence rose from the lower depths of the turret .
te	NN	The object changed as he spoke .
te	NNS	Unexpected tingles made their delicious way from my shoulder to my neck .
te	NN	Man , women and children had already occupied all the seats .
te	NN	There was no pollution from factories or cars here .
te	NN	The establishment was surprisingly slow for lunchtime , especially during the week .
te	NNS	The demons he carried weighed heavy in the room .
te	NN	" The patrol is still out there .
te	NN	Panic hit him at the loss of that security .
te	NNS	While the emotional side of our relationship was going strong , the physical aspects had come to an unfortunate stall .
te	NN	' Even if it means there 's nobody else to blame ? '
te	NNS	But when a new boy arrives at Jewel High , everything M thought she knew about herself and her future turns upside down .
te	NNS	Experienced troops would have let them come closer , drawing more men into the trap before revealing their presence .
te	NN	" The title ' liaison ' suggests cooperative contact .
te	NNS	Too many centuries had passed , and his home was now gone .
te	NN	The immediate joy , mingled with dread , utterly confused her .
te	NN	A decidedly human howl filled the air then as the dragon stopped its onslaught .
te	NN	I knew now that finally I had passed them on , fulfilled my biological destiny .
te	NNS	" Humans , " Hades answered .
te	NNS	Our mobile units have repulsed the attack .
te	NNS	There were no broken bones on the other victims but Sarah suffered a small , hairline fracture to her right tibia .
te	NN	Also young , there was an aggression and hardness about him that had been absent in the other colleague .
te	NN	The exterior of the library seemed too lavish to be so lifeless .
te	NN	The hat glinted in the firelight , and parts of Moist 's brain sparkled .
te	NN	A dense tangle of ideas swarmed inside Camille 's head and tightened her muscles with dread .
te	NNS	The shafts for the horse waved uselessly in the air .
te	NNS	He plants one of his lingering kisses on my forehead , then walks to the living room .
te	NN	When you saw her , your heart rate spiked like crazy and your breathing sped up .
te	NNS	" There are dragons , knights , trolls , elves , all sorts of imagined beings like that . "
te	NN	This junk looks worthless , " Paul panted shaking his head .
te	NNS	Justus sat still as the adrenaline of the escape settled .
te	NN	When I park in front of his room , there is a tug of sadness .
te	NNS	The individuals behind them are also beautiful , but their eyes are darker ; in them I find one of my answers .
te	NNS	The hinges squeaked in protest with the force of his arm and the sound echoed in the cavernous parking lot .
te	NN	Which lab are you in ?
te	NN	And a crow flew by and I grabbed it and wrung its neck . "
te	NNS	She stopped at his waist and moved back up , her nails dug in .
te	NN	At once the dark clouds swirling overhead lit up with veins of white-hot lightning .
te	NNS	Then there are county records , and so on .
te	NNS	Gaius , on the other hand , kept his eyes tightly shut , a shaken expression on his pale face .
te	NNS	Years of practice in his clinic helped him convince the man in front of him .
te	NNS	Emotions were much more difficult to deal with than he 'd remembered .
te	NN	There was no next appointment and I could stay as long as I behaved myself .
te	NNS	Her chill bumps even had chill bumps .
te	NNS	A few buildings still shone with emergency lights , run on batteries .
te	NNS	The highway construction joints sounded their familiar beat as the tires passed and the car picked up speed .
te	NN	His grandfather and father were certainly two spirits who would have been powerfully connected to an object .
te	NNS	The clusters of stars were like swarms of fireflies in an endless garden of night .
te	NNS	Cultural notes and background was a given .
te	NNS	My senses didn 't want to awaken , and I was more numb than before .
te	NN	The bickering among them had happened before , but never to this level .
te	NNS	Because of the snow 's depth , the tires of the SUV fought to keep traction , and Tom fought to control the wheel .
te	NN	No amount of coercion could compel him to play the ghastly anthem .
te	NNS	Her sisters gripped their weapons and shields tighter , a smal identical smile on each of their faces as they eagerly awaited her next order .
te	NN	The original meaning of the word " bigot " is man with a mustache .
te	NN	No matter how fast she ran , his stalking gait easily kept him just behind her .
te	NNS	All the students laughed along with his remark .
te	NN	Greg 's disease was weighing heavily on Frank , too .
te	NN	The attacker did so .
te	NNS	Again , there were several trucks and Humvees in a neat row .
te	NNS	Overhead , the clouds are starting to break up and the sun peeks out .
te	NNS	Clubs looked over at him , frowning .
te	NNS	' Well , animals aren 't humans . '
te	NN	Along the corridor , the chatter of the early birds stirred memories .
te	NNS	At least her medicines would be kicking in soon , throwing her body chemistry back in sync , hopefully lightening her mood .
te	NNS	There are large puddles still left over from yesterdays showers .
te	NNS	The succubus had proven a tough adversary , but they could also be killed .
te	NN	In the end , Micah 's rocket ended up placing second overall , and I was both proud of him and jealous at the same time .
te	NNS	Our mornings together were beginning to have the comfort of routine .
te	NN	The backpack rested against the wall .
te	NN	The duo then turned and wandered back down Noel Hill .
te	NN	A general groan deflated the anchor room .
te	NN	A quiet buzz announced blood blades being primed .
te	NN	The pathway widened into an alcove about the size of a large living room .
te	NNS	" Her Royal Highness approaches , Sir , " Rory announced breathlessly .
te	NN	As we crossed the curb , my damaged ankle finally gave out and I fell to my knees with a grunt .
te	NNS	The buildings were all very tall and were of a uniform gray color .
te	NN	But at least the exertion of dressing helped steady his feet .
te	NN	Well , that nightmare was over , best not to linger in the past .
te	NNS	The two females looked at him .
te	NNS	In a matter of minutes both parties could be on their way somewhere else .
te	NN	" The governor has reason to worry .
te	NNS	His senses went on overload , taking it all in .
te	NNS	There were hints of tints , here and there a black you might persuade yourself was a very deep purple or a midnight blue .
te	NNS	Many land animals likewise adapted to hibernate . "
te	NNS	Thousands of lives were dependent upon him .
te	NN	Fog rolled through her mind .
te	NN	His self-preservation kicked in when he remembered who would demand an explanation if he ignored that last instruction .
te	NN	Every client wanted the money that day .
te	NNS	As soon as the words left my mouth , all traces of emotion drained from his expression .
te	NNS	Vimes rammed his hand into a pocket , where without fail Sybil saw to it that a clean handkerchief was lodged on a daily basis .
te	NNS	There are still snippets of talking behind the door , but I can 't make it out over the persistent ringing .
te	NNS	" But now the computers were not functioning ? "
te	NNS	" But over time , those other families died away , ground under the march of time , until only the Gant family was left .
te	NN	Her stump was shaking almost as much as her head .
te	NN	Silence rang through my head as all of my focus narrowed in on Robin 's chest , looking for evidence that he still lived .
te	NNS	Both animals were in front of the refrigerator , going nuts .
te	NN	A slow tide of heat climbed her neck and she looked away , willing herself not to give in to the silly grin trying to break free .
te	NN	The bank manager half-heartedly took Salvatore 's explanation as he handed over the cash .
te	NN	Unfortunately the ghostly arson only creates more tension in their already strained marriage .
te	NN	A crisp ocean breeze blew across him as he stepped out to the balcony railing , into the night .
te	NNS	Both scenarios bode ill for the alliance .
te	NN	" What a pole might do to my innards , mostly .
te	NNS	The monster 's retaliatory strikes were becoming weaker and less frequent .
te	NN	The scare seems to have sobered him up a little .
te	NN	The sunlight was slanting through the trees when she reached the clearing where they had raped her .
te	NN	And hunting season was the be all and end all of your holiday experience .
te	NNS	A few well-placed weaves would easily clear the way , but he didn 't need the attention .
te	NN	The copilot screamed at the throttle , " You stupid piece of crap !
te	NNS	Again , candles were her choice of light .
te	NNS	The rumors were wrong .
te	NNS	There were hardly enough students to bother building one in the first place , let alone keep it running .
te	NN	No record of who surrendered the vehicle .
te	NN	His condescending label did not offend me .
te	NN	They already knew the flashlight was useless , the time knot had canceled its influence .
te	NNS	" Can regular demons cast spells ? "
te	NN	" What did the farmer say ? "
te	NNS	The senseless killing and dying had to end .
te	NNS	The remaining two separated , coming at her from opposite angles , forcing her to face them individually .
te	NNS	The families were always arguing .
te	NN	Pilot chatter filled the speakers : " Tally two , tally two !
te	NN	A low murmur coursed through the room .
te	NN	By now , the bus had exited the highway and drove at a leisurely rate down the access road .
te	NNS	The carvings were smooth and precise , a work of art , even as it was a kind of diary of each generation .
te	NNS	The occasional twitch or muscle spasm makes Rift 's skin crawl , the bony apparitions of flesh and bone turning their wooden heads toward the boy .
te	NNS	It 's only September , most students aren 't eighteen when they start their senior year . "
te	NNS	" Humans , " he repeated .
te	NN	Nightmare would be here soon .
te	NN	The same hazel eyes .
te	NNS	There were newspaper reporters and television cameras .
te	NNS	" That doesn 't look like it 's working , " Roth commented , brows raised .
te	NN	A nurse was coming toward him with a paper suit .
te	NN	Yes , a logic teacher who was a stickler for ... well ... logic .
te	NN	The first cage looks empty , save for some sort of goo smeared across the floor .
te	NN	While all four of them watched the barrier kept flashing against repeated attacks only to see it spring back into place over and over .
te	NN	No raggedy cloth bears , cats , or critters of any kind . "
te	NN	A familiar breeze lifted the hair on Mrs. Dawson 's neck and the hair on her arms stood on end .
te	NNS	said Tiffany , getting up and hurrying forward , all tiredness suddenly gone .
te	NN	As for Damon 's mind - there was a steel wal .
te	NNS	Bits of the world I was about to leave clinging to me , trying to hold me back .
te	NNS	Jess noted that once again , Lily distanced herself from her father .
te	NNS	When he spoke into the receiver the secretaries spoke sharply to each other .
te	NNS	Aside from her car , there were only four other vehicles in the lot .
te	NNS	" Very long odds of that , " Ethan remarked .
te	NN	Nobody needed their stuff tossed ; some guys that was all they had left .
te	NN	The sensation has me climbing again , and I 'm needy with want .
te	NN	I swear to you , nobody saw ! "
te	NNS	The ends of her black hair lifted away from her body and swayed like drunken snakes around her head .
te	NN	A slight breeze came from the tunnel and pushed its way through the circular room and out the cone like opening at the top .
te	NNS	Through the long and harsh winters in northern Minnesota , families depended on successful hunting in order to survive .
te	NN	" And there 's the flaw .
te	NNS	Two large beams stretched from port to stern , and the command bridge stared out from the front end with two large spotlights .
te	NN	The fisherman and his son were a hundred leagues out of their way .
te	NN	' An oath she regretted .
te	NNS	Vimes gave them an experimental swing and hit his own elbow .
te	NN	With much reduced attention , the research continued .
te	NN	Then suddenly , there wasn 't a moan anymore ; it just stopped .
te	NNS	Earth desperately needs these loving , giving and wise spirits or young spirits would all self-destruct . "
te	NNS	Years passed , and no golden coach came down the back lanes of working-class London .
te	NN	In our common veins flows the same alliance that dilates our pupils .
te	NNS	There were forms and papers to fill out , a waiting period .
te	NNS	" Only a half dozen females rose to mate on that first day of the mating season , but the males remained in their positions , waiting .
te	NN	A short leash , also covered in red sequins , dangled from her hand .
te	NN	Your mum told me your name and I remember thinking what a lovely name you had .
te	NN	All the bitterness and hatred she aims towards the world is , in reality , nothing of the sort .
te	NNS	The weekends were ours to do as we pleased , and we had planned on getting up early and following Slim .
te	NNS	Iris walked over to him .
te	NN	" The tequila got the best of me last night .
te	NN	One mystery occupied his full attention .
te	NN	Was David healing her ?
te	NN	A cousin perhaps ... " " What are you suggesting , Giles ? "
te	NN	A crease appeared between Rachel 's eyebrows .
te	NN	The tendril curled back away from the phone .
te	NN	his aunt screamed , casting desperate glances at the empty doorway and beginning to babble .
te	NNS	Two text messages and eight calls .
te	NN	That familiar sensation of anger , which seemed to always be there recently , that tight knot in my chest , rose up again .
te	NNS	All the main offices for the studio must be in there .
te	NN	A slight red flush tinted Zhang 's cheeks , but she said proudly , " I 'm sure I would have agreed with her reasoning . "
te	NNS	" Gideon , reports are that you yelled at the doctor for ten minutes .
te	NN	When she sat up , an ominous clanking drew her attention .
te	NN	Nobody needs to know .
te	NN	The arena was like a huge bowl , with tiers of benches overlooking a pit lined with sand .
te	NNS	The other aspects of location , employment and faith remain in the frame .
te	NNS	The back alleys looked like good places to either be knifed or get into a craps game .
te	NN	The descent seemed to take forever and it was a relief when the bump of wheels on the tarmac heralded their arrival .
te	NN	Anyone sitting with us would never have known there was anything weird between us .
te	NN	The gold skull , she thought .
te	NNS	Under the street lamps , the ends of their cigarettes flared red as they inhaled .
te	NN	Her back straightened and a smile he hadn 't seen in several hours flashed on her lips .
te	NNS	Wars will keep raging , as ambition to conquer reigns untamed .
te	NNS	Aquarius knew all about the Weeds , they were his prey and apparently they knew it .
te	NNS	The plumes of fire shot out in all directions , showering large chunks of splintered wood and burning embers down onto the forest .
te	NN	Even the first earl of Merrick , whose portrait hung above the fireplace , looked tense .
te	NN	The argument continued between the police and Lorraine 's father .
te	NNS	Angus took her all over the building introducing her to everyone .
te	NN	The very conservative wing profile and generous dihedral made for a very stable flying aircraft .
te	NNS	" All presents need to be under the tree . "
te	NN	Your opinion matters to him .
te	NN	The combination of rain and raw air had created a bluish , hazy fog .
te	NNS	Zeus was barely a foot in front of me now .
te	NNS	Those clues brought a wave of recognition and relief .
te	NNS	" How often do reinforcement units arrive ? "
te	NNS	" Your witty verbal attacks have no effect on me , for I 'm far too dense to understand them . "
te	NNS	These red crystals were perfect for her .
te	NNS	There were three more desks in the hall .
te	NNS	His reflexes are improving and they are optimistic that there is no serious spinal damage .
te	NN	Slapstick comedy is another . "
te	NNS	" There aren 't any menus ? "
te	NNS	Dark blood veins ran through his bare body in a reptilian like design .
te	NN	Man , even after being divorced for years , his ex-wife was still messing up his life .
te	NNS	My fingertips smoothed against his strong brow , played along his soft lips .
te	NNS	She hadn 't spoken to anyone about what had happened in that abandoned building those demons had converted into home , sweet home .
te	NNS	There are many countries with a space program .
te	NN	The creeping mist stopped at the edge of the grass , spreading side to side as if searching for a path to them .
te	NNS	" How are your studies of the logbook going ? "
te	NNS	Michaels would have marveled at the technology to emulate the emotions if they hadn 't been so strongly directed at him .
te	NN	The candy cane promptly snapped in half like a wish bone .
te	NN	Piledriver 's claim to fame was that he had died in a living-room wrestling mishap , while costumed as his favorite professional wrestler .
te	NNS	Clouds of dust surrounded the car as it bounced over rocks , ruts and bumps .
te	NNS	The potato plants won 't like the plan .
te	NNS	The fire signals coming from Jerusalem told us all was well .
te	NN	The clock was ticking down , just like last night .
te	NNS	The fragmented remains were not able to sustain the federal and global communication infrastructure that had been the foundation of modern economy on every level .
te	NNS	One by one the candles reignited as though an invisible hand were holding a match .
te	NNS	When I reach the staircase my limbs feel like liquid instead of a solid mass .
te	NN	There 's a complement of six Bugs in full military regalia , which means they have the same color stripes and are carrying weapons .
te	NNS	More upsetting still was that I was essentially free , unbound and able to move about ... but I had no means to fight or defend myself .
te	NNS	Shadows moved in the green of her irises ; he could tell she was afraid .
te	NNS	Gaius curled his lips .
te	NN	" The only original in the world , " she said .
te	NNS	Lukas stood and put his coat on and followed George down the private steps .
te	NNS	The remaining two knights remained a respectful distance in the background , holding the caravan 's rear guard .
te	NN	The aide assure her that the " source " had said it would take time for her learn the magic 's of darkness .
te	NNS	" Quite frankly , Chase 's judgment is wonderful when it comes to his family , but it sucks when it comes to his personal life . "
te	NN	" A loan shark ? "
te	NNS	" There are some freaky vines growing up on those mesas . "
te	NN	Nobody said anything about love . "
te	NN	The maple syrup is from Quebec .
te	NN	Everybody has these little lapses .
te	NNS	However , with his stolen talents fading , matters have changed .
te	NNS	" There are other considerations , your highness , as you surely must know .
te	NN	" Target in the camera , " the copilot barked .
te	NNS	The veins surrounding his arm and neck were turning black as the poison was spreading rapidly through his body .
te	NN	The load hardly stressed the ship 's engines .
te	NNS	Clouds began to roll in , gray and puffy .
te	NNS	Peaches started barking even louder .
te	NNS	The workers and noncombatants are fleeing the city .
te	NN	Anyone meeting her nearly always used that adjective to describe her , yet Sam 's radar wouldn 't stop shrieking at him .
te	NNS	There are no foothills or any other such protrusions in the crust , just the mountain .
te	NNS	" And that makes this a standoff , " Clubs said .
te	NN	The fish is lying there , a smear of silver gunk beside it on the rock .
te	NN	The wire basket tried to inch backwards without appearing to move .
te	NNS	Enormous conveyor belts reached out like arms from the factory to take all the rock and ore that could be fed into its maw .
te	NN	The only communication between us after we started weeding was to exchange phone numbers .
te	NNS	" His senses will come alive .
te	NNS	My insides felt cold .
te	NN	Graham 's shift was coming .
te	NNS	Her slate orbs danced in the white moonlight .
te	NNS	" The tips aren 't always of the highest quality , I 'll grant you , but information is always good to have . "
te	NNS	Angus let out a bark of laughter , and the snoring in the back suddenly stopped .
te	NNS	The gunshots reverberated off the walls making the room sound like a battle zone .
te	NN	His Hecate blazer was hanging limply in the crook of his elbow .
te	NNS	The records spanned a century , and he was still alive and well ; appearing to be in his late twenties . "
te	NNS	" Other 's opinions have no bearing on why I 'm here in Boise .
te	NNS	Our old enemies are no longer a threat .
te	NN	The wagon was now close enough for him to make out Liz seated on the seat beside Becky .
te	NNS	Jess said , " He 'll come around , Dorian .
te	NNS	No males are getting a free ride on this island .
te	NN	His temperature rose another degree , another still , until fire poured through him , burning him up , scorching him to ash .
te	NNS	The mouse 's bodyguards , Dim Bones and Quill , stood on either side , as menacing as ever .
te	NN	The interior is quite beautiful , and you can sense the power in the crystals .
te	NN	The breeze carried a very salty almost metallic flavor on it as it swirled around me .
te	NNS	As the years passed , and Steve became increasingly belligerent toward his father , the presents became even more extravagant .
te	NN	His feet shuffle and his eyes go to his shoes .
te	NN	A small wagon appeared in the midst of the children and in its bed was a large plaster hand .
te	NNS	Heads started to turn , the screams attracting the attention of the other vampires .
te	NN	The coach , who was six foot two and easily over two hundred pounds , went flying backward .
te	NNS	The tips of her shoes were reappearing from fading shadow .
te	NNS	My sisters left high school before graduation to be with those boys .
te	NNS	Krauss tries not to smile .
te	NN	His uneasiness became an itch under his human skin , making him anxious to shift to a more natural shape .
te	NN	" Why do so many people like McDonald 's , yet the grease would make a healthy person keel over ? "
te	NNS	The smooth curves of the shell gave the small girl a sense of comfort and warmth .
te	NNS	Louisa 's limbs relaxed , and she drew a long breath .
te	NN	Within seconds the two were on the ground , corpse with its jaw locked on the examiner 's throat as the little man wailed .
te	NNS	" There were tons of people around . "
te	NNS	The purple circles under his eyes did nothing to hide the way they sparkled with bone-chilling zeal .
te	NN	The warmth radiating from Celestino tempted her to move closer , but she resisted .
te	NN	His stamp was on every piece of furniture , artwork .
te	NN	Nobody is going to hurt you ... " A man laughed darkly behind her .
te	NN	A tendril took the shape of a human hand and stroked the edge of the burning pentagram that contained it .
te	NNS	Handsome priests are a curse .
te	NNS	The clouds were racing overhead but still at a low altitude .
te	NNS	The families of the deceased will be upset .
te	NNS	Narrow paths passed between each block and the adjacent path linked to another , thus dividing the rows and creating a maze of passageways .
te	NNS	The animals were dead , his family taken , but at least two of his grandchildren were safe .
te	NN	Between him and Hermes , there was no contest .
te	NN	My dream self came willingly .
te	NNS	Pris asked , briefly pulling her mouth from mine .
te	NN	Outside the large vehicle had come to a halt .
te	NNS	My brows rose as she motioned him down with a flick of her little finger .
te	NN	Her denial sealed it for me .
te	NNS	Especially since he felt he had to keep talking the whole time , reassuring Ares , reminding him to keep those wings shut .
te	NN	The nurse doesn 't actually remember them checking out , just thinks they did . "
te	NNS	My armies can now identify one another and even hide their existence from the foolish Carpathians thanks to you .
te	NN	1 The long horizon was a dark rose From the city 's light on the low fog .
te	NN	Not much meat or skin on your shin , and apparently it just burned right away ?
te	NNS	The corners are so sharp you can cut your fingers on them .
te	NN	A disbelieving huff of male laughter sounded from within the elevator directly in front of them .
te	NN	" Then the idiot Lange gets his wish , and we all share death with Haven 's heart and soul . "
te	NNS	Iris was immediately upon me , spewing , screaming useless drivel that I could not hear , nor would .
te	NNS	Zeus vanished from sight .
te	NNS	Frantic wails filled the air from family members who 'd been digging with shovels , even hands , in search of loved ones .
te	NN	A good spy is never afraid to transgress .
te	NNS	The altar candles were big and mighty symbolizing the seven spirits of God .
te	NN	Perhaps , for once , rumour spoke true .
te	NN	The sea breeze hit me , battering me sideways , and momentarily lifting me upward .
te	NNS	The bandages were off and the cuts healed , but who knew about Demetria herself .
te	NNS	Unfortunately , my powers are just starting and I have no control over them or any way home on my own until I master them .
te	NN	" Is he - " " The dagger was silver . "
te	NNS	There were periods when she would barely speak to her mother or brothers for days .
te	NNS	Most painful , perhaps , was her growing inability to remember her own life .
te	NNS	Her brows pulled together .
te	NNS	The scientists gave up their large scale studies and concentrated on essential research .
te	NN	" Your blood Bethany , it has to be the answer .
te	NN	Really his intelligence is quite average . "
te	NN	The urgency in the Indian 's voice perplexed James .
te	NNS	Andreas wheeled around , the tips of his fangs gleaming behind his upper lip .
te	NN	If half of Anon 's tale is to be believed , then this new mutation of the Plague is sure to destroy us all .
te	NNS	The ancient tribes would send war parties to kidnap young children with the gift .
te	NNS	His dark brows are lifting into his hairline .
te	NN	Mortimer whispered , hovering over me , his glare icy enough to freeze a normal person stiff .
te	NN	Nobody knows what those two know . "
te	NN	A light breeze surrounded them , causing tendrils of hair to caress her face .
te	NN	A bomb that could explode at any moment , and no one would know when .
te	NN	Her makeup was very plain .
te	NNS	The statues sold the clothes .
te	NNS	The princess wishes to speak with you ! "
te	NN	An elaborately decorated hat rested on the carved wooden side table and she twisted the strings of a matching reticule in her lap .
te	NNS	The veins in his nose stood out like worms .
te	NN	A lump was growing .
te	NNS	Dolores slowly shook her head .
te	NNS	Vampires deserve to burn . "
te	NN	Her colleague knew exactly what she meant .
te	NN	Unfortunately , the realization had made him quarrelsome and aggressive .
te	NN	In the case of China , the issue was how much ancestor worship to permit .
te	NNS	Still , nights were the worst for Viktor .
te	NNS	Our subjects are traveling from the north of the city into the US embassy .
te	NN	The prince understood this but he wanted to spend as much time as he could with his son .
te	NNS	Lois peered into the cracked window .
te	NNS	" Anyway , the residents are pretty cool . "
te	NNS	From inside that pyramid seventy centuries look out at us .
te	NN	Finally , one night after the wizard swore his undying love for her , the maiden decided to tell him her most protected secret .
te	NN	Nora 's sarcasm was justified .
te	NNS	Nicole 's nails bit into her palms as she quieted her arrogant pride .
te	NNS	The habits of years reasserted themselves , and I set to work .
te	NN	During the ensuing evening their dancing became progressively more compressed .
te	NNS	Footsteps above her startled her into jerking out of his embrace .
te	NNS	The wizards crept down the steps .
te	NN	Alex 's temperature climbed higher and higher until she was dead certain she had a dangerous fever .
te	NN	The centurion looked at the computer panel again , pointed at a building and handed it back to the tribune .
te	NNS	The Intelligence services would also have to pull their weight in this great game that was being played on their behalf .
te	NN	The platform started to move , and it slowly edged me closer and closer to the sudden drop .
te	NN	The waiter takes our drink orders - a martini for me , diet soda for her .
te	NNS	There were two large plan chests , a counterbalanced drawing board .
te	NN	There was nobody around .
te	NN	My aunt could be a real witch when she wanted to be .
te	NNS	Rumors of drugs and rival gangs made it the last place he 'd usually take a woman , even a human .
te	NNS	The blazing brimstone rivers , much too wide to hurdle , cut us off on every side .
te	NNS	Puffy white clouds surrounded me .
te	NNS	Vampires no longer stay here in the mountains where they are easily hunted .
te	NN	No shifting , no stuttering , no nervous flutters .
te	NNS	The first hints of morning light were creeping through .
te	NN	" How unusual our Lady Lillian is ! "
te	NNS	Like its shimmering scales , the feathers were blood red .
te	NNS	But last night ... Oh God , after about an hour , her lids had grown too heavy to keep open and she had relaxed into him .
te	NNS	My brows went up .
te	NNS	Lofty stalks bowed under their weight , barely drifting in the breeze .
te	NNS	The marines grew tense and kept their weapons ready .
te	NNS	The pillars were still warming up , but the more powerful they got the more obvious it became to Mac about what was going on .
te	NNS	Clouds swirled overhead , dark and ominous , blocking out any moonlight , yet it was a beautiful sight .
te	NN	As soon as I extended my head past the edge of that crater , a strong suction tried to pull me downward .
te	NN	Each sibling lives still , it 's true , but it 's a feeble sort of life -- lived with only a fraction of a soul .
te	NNS	Their engines run on computerized controls , and if those are kaput , then the vehicle can never be repaired . "
te	NN	A buzz of whispers once the train started moving .
te	NNS	There are traces of lead in the chain .
te	NN	A chill settled deep into her veins .
te	NN	Take it easy , don 't strain that ankle of yours . "
te	NNS	The coolness momentarily soothed the heated sting .
te	NNS	Thousands of our race have mixed with the Gentiles , and they may inherit the blessing that belongs to the Gentile .
te	NN	Leif 's frown evaporated when he saw me coming toward him .
te	NN	" Our arms expert , the scumbag who is shouting out there , all that which I should have said . "
te	NN	A flush paints her cheeks the color of ripe peaches .
te	NN	A parking attendant stared at the car as Markman pulled a ticket from the machine and parked .
te	NNS	Tree branches groaned overhead , as the bungalows were closer to the surrounding forest .
te	NN	Any signal I gave would only alert Morgan .
te	NNS	Beside the sheets lay a manila envelope .
te	NNS	Your customs are different . '
te	NN	A low moan escapes his mouth , inarticulate , like a mewling baby .
te	NNS	There were some rather gaping holes in your argument . "
te	NNS	Iris had told her .
te	NN	A washcloth hangs on its hook beneath the basin .
te	NN	A much stronger breeze pushes through the field as the sun has nearly set .
te	NN	When Devlin parked , the knot of harpies caught up with them and flashbulbs started going off like firecrackers .
te	NNS	Their splintered remains fell back on the ground .
te	NN	Their logic isn 't the same as ours . "
te	NNS	Rules had let him kill Chase .
te	NNS	Vampires attacked my family .
te	NNS	The circles on the wall began spinning , words and lines appearing within their rims .
te	NNS	How do the clans survive such a savage world , so far from city lights and the safety of space ?
te	NN	A bus glides by the window followed by a steady stream of SUV 's and overpriced luxury cars .
te	NN	" Maybe he 's dead , " a team member says entering the abandoned classroom .
te	NN	The colored hologram of Building 278 appears .
te	NN	Following the usual brief sensation of floating in white space , the fleet appears above a world with a slightly purplish glow .
te	NN	The general laid the light on the table and continued his lecture .
te	NNS	There were dozens of Shadowhunters milling around the gates , most of them unfamiliar to her .
te	NNS	My fingertips scrapped stones , finding no purchase on the slick surface .
te	NN	His abdomen bumped into my back and I tried to stamp down the swell inside my heart .
te	NNS	In the absence of proof , all that matters is perception . "
te	NNS	Whoever had employed those assassins plainly wanted Amur silenced .
te	NN	One member of the conversation is dead and I doubt the other would ever say anything to incriminate himself . "
te	NNS	There were two messages on voice-mail , both from Janet Milford asking them to call .
te	NNS	Its wings , fully unfurled , were wider than the man was tall .
te	NN	" Of course there is a great variety and variation in describing emotions so we have to simplify a little .
te	NNS	The calculus put science on a wayward track even though it led to great forward strides at the time .
te	NN	A soldier alerts my mother that she 's needed in the first-aid station .
te	NN	One tug on his horns and down the steep hill he sailed .
te	NN	A flicker of challenge crossed over his face .
te	NNS	Voices carried inside , while the speakers remained outside on the doorstep .
te	NN	The ocean was black and infinite .
te	NN	Except 4 raging fungus , all good .
te	NNS	Thousands of people will die . "
te	NNS	Two more rounds hammered into the giant 's skull , shattering bone and pulping his brain .
te	NN	On the wall there was my primary school certificate for Best Swimmer of the Year and a few medals from my swimming .
te	NN	The lead soldier glanced back at his men , uncertain .
te	NN	" My patience wears thin , woman .
te	NNS	At the top of the steps sat two roaring lions carved from marble .
te	NN	The chilly breeze made me glad that I had brought my jacket .
te	NN	The sterile interior now looked like a luxury four-star hotel .
te	NN	Hopefully this magician was to be trusted .
te	NN	" An alarm went off .
te	NN	The American prisoner had given her the idea .
te	NN	This custom intrigued her .
te	NNS	While kids are being trained here , adults are training for combat over there .
te	NNS	Ours had been one of the few laboratories in North America using standard reference samples to attempt to verify our results .
te	NN	A knot of pain started in the center of her chest and radiated outward as she watched the other couples .
te	NN	The hero searches for his one true love -- tirelessly , with determination , and boundless hope .
te	NNS	" No , you didn 't , " the princess said .
te	NN	Unless " - she frowned - " this affair has been going on longer than I 've thought ? "
te	NNS	Candles flickered amber light .
te	NNS	He heard a sound from outside , the tent flaps opened and in walked the Holy Mother .
te	NN	The desperation in his voice struck a chord deep within me and ignited a spark .
te	NN	The hard plastic reflected the light that was shining around us so that it almost appeared as a small red flame in his hand .
te	NNS	Charitable organizations and research groups in the medical domain depend on favourable research results for improvement in monetary support .
te	NNS	The corners of his mouth twitched .
te	NNS	Ares asked , his eyes glittering with his own humor .
te	NN	" The digger sir .
te	NN	Nobody tells me what to do and , damn it , Dax knows this .
te	NN	The jungle is a dense and claustrophobic place to be in .
te	NN	" Cease your aggression and we can work to try to live with each other peacefully .
te	NN	Without asking , the rather over eager zombie to my left glides my tray over and grunts into it .
te	NNS	" Hey , the princess of nothingness , your big sissy boys can fight me .
te	NNS	Footsteps scuttled past the pod and shadows played across the glass port .
te	NNS	Only PRC personnel had access .
te	NNS	The coldness of the red pain lingered in her thoughts as she walked quietly back to her hut .
te	NN	" So that nobody can tamper with the boxes .
te	NNS	The bedrooms were larger than their own , but Charlie didn 't think Kate was impressed .
te	NN	The horizon , even through a dense forest , showed gray .
te	NN	There was a sweetness in the girl 's tone of voice .
te	NNS	There are boundaries , Xing Lee . "
te	NNS	All the drawers hung open and I could see clearly from the door that they were empty .
te	NN	The breeze pushes her over cliffs dominated by a bright green forest .
te	NNS	Steam swirls around my friends ' faces , but it suddenly seems foreboding instead of sexy .
te	NNS	The charts were all there on his office wall .
te	NNS	Lois was very kind , and if not for the expectation of her afternoon visits , I probably wouldn 't have gotten dressed most days .
te	NN	To the General 's relief , there was a blaring of trumpets , the next contest was ready to proceed .
te	NNS	Distant clouds rode the horizon , reflecting the light of a crescent moon .
te	NN	The Tiger Man , still awake , regarded her with groggy eyes .
te	NNS	Horses replaced by cars , candles replaced by gas lights and then electricity .
te	NN	His banging brought Jim angrily to the door .
te	NN	The procession waited for him , buckles creaking , horses snorting .
te	NNS	Cyrus had never helped either .
te	NNS	When you don 't rely on your eyes , your other senses sharpen .
te	NN	The prisoner sat alone on the front step , smoking for some time , and listening to the night noises all about him .
te	NN	The target was forty yards off , moving with practiced economy .
te	NNS	And there were lots of them , and only one of him .
te	NNS	Little flies hovered low over the pool .
te	NNS	Ally elbowed me in the ribs , " You can almost see the smoke coming out of her ears . "
te	NNS	All the empty bottles and garbage that was lying around the previous night had disappeared .
te	NNS	" So gentlemen , tell me how I can help you , " she said calmly .
te	NN	The lumps on his head throbbed .
te	NNS	Years of playing soccer and running have built up my tolerance to the miles of running I put my body through .
te	NNS	Her brisk strides carried her across concrete , snowflakes sprinkling down around her .
te	NN	" Yeah , my niece lives just north of here , almost in Bradenton .
te	NN	What 's the side effect that you were talking about ? "
te	NNS	The small droplets of water felt nice and cool on my face and arms as I walked out into the open .
te	NN	A loud bang and a cloud of smoke caused me to jump .
te	NNS	So the bioluminescent animals in the sea have incorporated these bacteria into their bodies .
te	NNS	To his right were three rougher buildings .
te	NNS	Only two little Indians left .
te	NN	His ego was my ally ; the tricky part was getting it to dawn on him that this could be done after the match .
te	NNS	Old dragons could be a bit unstable .
te	NNS	The swords were a gift from the Most High and something every Sent One was given .
te	NN	Bring with you the diamond ring that Sir Hugo gave you .
te	NNS	The other bedrooms were empty .
te	NNS	These seniors were very different from the seniors at my school .
te	NNS	Tests results concluded the worst .
te	NN	Aria 's trembling increased ; she was inundated with swirling emotions .
te	NNS	Sadly , the bills didn 't pay themselves .
te	NNS	There were clean white towels in the bathroom .
te	NNS	Over the years , your time delays have been decreasing and then there are all the mysterious wounds you turn up with . '
te	NN	A soldier slammed down a plate of steaming hot dogs with buns in front of Marta and a bowl of oysters before Dean .
te	NN	Her heartbeat pounded in the rhythm of his name .
te	NN	His Teresa had never been shy about lovemaking .
te	NNS	" That bastard , " Clubs said .
te	NNS	Gaius nodded , his expression sober .
te	NN	But then the beam of her favorite flashlight shone across the ornate desk , and Kat knew what she had to do .
te	NNS	The firelight reflected in his brown eyes , his brows relaxed as he smiled at her .
te	NN	" Anyone see you ? "
te	NN	The monitor registers intermittent heart beats .
te	NNS	But the results were the same .
te	NNS	" And , " Bilson added , " star constellations are always the same . "
te	NN	When he felt her nails dig into the lines of his back , the sting of it roused him back to consciousness .
te	NN	" My ex is here . "
te	NNS	Jess whipped his chair around .
te	NN	My imagination ran wild .
te	NNS	Those past residents regarded the anomalous " lake within a lake " as a spiritual place .
te	NNS	Blue gloves , studded with pearls and cuffed in white sheer , glided along the staircase banister .
te	NN	The physician is very pleasant and it appears that everything is on course .
te	NNS	Several other reporters shout out questions simultaneously , including : " What 's it been like to receive a hero 's welcome ? "
te	NNS	Its peers , being abundant , mattered to him more .
te	NN	" No coffin , " he acknowledged .
te	NN	The atmosphere was very still as the car wound its way through the tiny roads , back towards the motorway .
te	NNS	Tomas would have preferred a softer man , a likable man , a man who honored the gods even though the Church was absent .
te	NN	The trolley was suddenly not straining against the weight of a middle-aged wholesale , fruit and vegetable entrepreneur but only against a small terrified bat .
te	NN	Instead of the luxury custom apartment their dad had designed , there was a great black void into nothingness .
te	NN	A soldier beside him chuckled .
te	NNS	There were medical personnel and PMO 's swarming .
te	NN	And then bitter disappointment fell upon me .
te	NN	A little plastic clip on its back allowed it to attach to my collar .
te	NNS	Why the great lengths to gather these tigers on this island ?
te	NN	" In fact , such abundance might mean they don 't see themselves as wealthy , just burdened with lots of shiny rocks .
te	NNS	Jason 's wariness stemmed from the fact that the diary mentioned the Corwin Curse .
te	NNS	Tough , prickly weeds growing in ditches alongside the road were the only plants in evidence .
te	NN	Her editor tried , but was instantly made aware of the dangers in rocking the boat .
te	NNS	The other executives nodded and welcomed him quietly , but somehow their greetings seemed a bit strained .
te	NNS	Too shocked to say anything , all I could do was stare at the heating vents in front of me .
te	NNS	Her sheets exploded around her , as her wide brown eyes gleamed in the moonlight .
te	NN	Between her legs , his shaft swelled and hardened .
te	NN	The nurse bandages the girl 's cuts .
te	NN	A nurse prepped a syringe and handed it to the doctor , who jabbed it into the bony arm of the first boy in line .
te	NNS	he suggested , dark brows lowered .
te	NNS	Shadows caressed her curves , demanding discovery .
te	NN	And with its unnatural strength , no mortal barrier would keep it contained .
te	NN	Used correctly , the scent potion only lasted a day .
te	NN	The sphere of firelight in the heart of the chamber continued to burn and surge a malevolent white ; he couldn 't pull himself away from it .
te	NNS	" The affairs continued ? "
te	NN	The decrease , however , was not due to a sense of morals but rather a lack of commitment .
te	NNS	Jess pursed her lips and sat back in her chair .
te	NNS	The odds were on his side , but someday , somehow , that would change .
te	NN	The wagon bumped and jostled as the horses pulled it over clumps of grass .
te	NNS	" There were other families living near here .
te	NNS	A humorless laugh escaped his mouth and all I could do was stand mute , my heart breaking .
te	NNS	His fingertips spread along the line of my neck , fanning out before they tightened .
te	NN	The hum of shoppers drowned out the carol floating from the ceiling speakers while lights twinkled in every window display .
te	NN	Now that she was there , her curiosity took a nose dive .
te	NN	The convoy left the airport and Preston latched the new padlock to the inside of the gate for the next visit , hopefully from the air .
te	NN	The ghost , a woman , the one who appeared in the classroom right before the vision , moved with powerful strokes .
te	NN	A tug of longing pulled at my heart as my thoughts turned to Bethany .
te	NNS	' There are too many shafts and side passages for a security team to be able to cover practically , even with the added number of guards .
te	NN	Of course their speech was mechanical .
te	NN	That realization made me panic .
te	NNS	Personal offices are always off limits at these things , hence the reason we use them as our safe haven .
te	NN	" No , " replied the mouse .
te	NN	" Nobody 'll believe anything they say . "
te	NNS	Michaels sat back , attention focusing a little more .
te	NN	" Susan , your imagination will get you in trouble one of these days .
te	NN	The other cop came out of the house and whispered something to Torres .
te	NNS	A second later and the other two vehicles pulled up beside me .
te	NN	How was the interview ?
te	NN	As Dot spit it out on the floor , the doorbell rang .
te	NNS	Clubs didn 't respond .
te	NNS	The engines they are expensive , lose crank bearings , no ?
te	NNS	The turbo engines roared into life when we reached the aircraft .
te	NN	" He 's a spirited child , " the boy 's grandfather said .
te	NN	But the tale needed to be told , so I sucked it up and did my duty .
te	NN	A towering cylinder of stone sat in the center of the cave .
te	NNS	All traces of our happiness evaporated like rainwater on a hot day as we raced from the barn to see what was going on .
te	NN	James 's ideal crossbow had cocking and latching action that was dependable , quiet , and smooth .
te	NNS	The clouds danced and spun overhead .
te	NN	A slight breeze rattled through the leaves in the trees along the sidewalk .
te	NNS	His touches had become much more intimate .
te	NNS	Her brows puckered as if she didn 't have any idea and it was a very difficult question for her to answer .
te	NN	An attendant cautiously crept forward with a handkerchief , but Paris waved him away .
te	NNS	Dreams where they broke through the Shell , and all our air promptly leaked away .
te	NN	" But the killer doesn 't have to be an investor .
te	NNS	The miners approached , singing ' Ducks of Harlem ' . "
te	NN	Nobody once thought about the life I was living . "
te	NNS	Michaels , still dripping , moved down towards Claudia , who waited in the elevator , smirking at him .
te	NNS	The critical components are working fine , and both vehicles are back on their tires .
te	NN	That friendship is something we can build on .
te	NNS	Their vitals indicate agitation . "
te	NN	The romance of that tradition had appealed to Tyler .
te	NNS	You know , some athletes say sex makes your legs weak .
te	NNS	Your decisions and instincts aren 't always the best because you never factor your feelings into the equation . "
te	NNS	Crassus shook his head .
te	NNS	Large machines took up almost the entire back wall , and an old woman was sitting up in the bed near them .
te	NNS	" Your records suggest that you 're becoming progressively more violent .
te	NN	There was a noisy rattle of chain , and the drawbridge dropped with a huge boom .
te	NNS	While the crisp morning released its usual chilled Moscow temperatures , even less warm impressions filled inside of the hotel 's housekeeper .
te	NNS	' When did the contractions start ? '
te	NNS	His troops then pushed the door open .
te	NNS	And of course , there were the shocks that I greatly feared , but I won 't tell him about that .
te	NN	" Where in the back room did the theft occur ? "
te	NNS	Jess lifted her hips off the bed , touching Johnnie 's bare body .
te	NN	The sail flew beautifully off the starboard bow above the Bay waters .
te	NN	My weak protest started a hushed conversation , but I was simply too tired to eavesdrop .
te	NNS	All the clues have been right in front of me .
te	NNS	All missions completed for the evening .
te	NNS	" And the deer and the eagle , they ... looked right at me as if they were trying to tell me something . "
te	NNS	The witches wouldn 't have attempted to poke a hole in the ward preventing my death by physical injury if I 'd had one . "
te	NN	Shock sent him a trite smile .
te	NN	Whenever I started discussing money to help cover the costs that such a venture would entail , nobody would listen to me .
te	NNS	Footsteps grew louder behind him .
te	NN	Have some confidence Delilah !
te	NNS	Marceline laughs , holding open the door as she waves us in , her bracelets jangling .
te	NNS	The fragile swords of ferns drooped into the roadway .
te	NN	Did their IQ drop from one hundred and eighty to twenty ?
te	NN	The dead bolt unlatched and the knob turned .
te	NNS	" Three families live in one house ! "
te	NN	After a while the monotony drives you insane .
te	NN	An appreciative moan left the girl 's lips .
te	NNS	Then , suddenly , the natives had disappeared into the bushes , simply vanished from sight .
te	NNS	Then the jet engines cycled up to full power and the plane charged down Runway 33 .
te	NNS	Between his spread legs , a succubus worked , her mouth gliding up and down the length of his c * ck with laudable skill .
te	NNS	" Other communities have succeeded .
te	NN	Rain meant that the graduation would be performed in the auditorium where they could sit .
te	NNS	Skeletal , metallic towers leaned over the gorge at intervals , none , of course , conveniently within reach .
te	NN	The cold , gnawing sensation in his gut returned .
te	NN	The dark mist around her danced .
te	NN	The Mexican patrol had ridden almost endlessly through the same kind of country for over two weeks and Degas was sick of it .
te	NNS	Olivia blows out a shaky breath .
te	NN	The rat developed a fever and became delirious , mumbling incoherently for hours on end and almost driving Marcia to distraction .
te	NNS	The elders pretended the other enclave had done something wrong , that they deserved their fate .
te	NNS	Jess couldn 't resist asking , " Will you come after me if I tarry overlong ? "
te	NNS	These rocks are the only thing standing between me and that prize .
te	NNS	Rules are rules , and in breaking them , your sister has lost the privilege of functions like that . "
te	NN	The large headline blazed up at her in big black lettering .
te	NNS	The safeguards did not stop it because it came through the water as a shadow .
te	NN	A mystery buried deeper than one of the local wells may bring to light more secrets than Lily has bargained for .
te	NN	" The heck you don 't know .
te	NN	Some threadbare shred of instinct told him that he was courting disaster , but he shoved reason aside and stoked the flames brighter .
te	NNS	" Friends don 't tie friends up . "
te	NNS	Even the sound of the gate closing behind her sends her dashing farther into the paddock , her haunches tucked underneath her .
te	NN	Any suspended object would drift with the lake currents until it got to this end , then just sit there for a while . "
te	NNS	Enormous stone pillars held up a shadowed roof , illuminated by the light of a row of burning candelabras .
te	NN	Rumor and tortured testimony had led to this remote place .
te	NNS	Gladys was suddenly still .
te	NNS	His blows never landed .
te	NNS	Hell , the princess was tall and blond - Acton would love her .
te	NN	Rain and thunder met them when they had arrived , disguising her presence , and giving her a chance to flee .
te	NNS	The priest has told the story several times , casualties of the plague of darkness brought about by the dark lord Ganondorf years ago .
te	NN	How could a ghost of someone who was alive appear to Kylie ?
te	NNS	The judges looked like they were impatient .
te	NNS	The corners of Jackson 's mouth turned down , as if the prospect of being apart for a whole week was unthinkable .
te	NN	Her survival depended on it .
te	NN	" A sofa 's a sofa .
te	NNS	The clouds were forming into a dagger that appeared in Victor 's hand .
te	NNS	" There are no medicines .
te	NNS	Swords flashed in the predawn light as nearly two dozen men fought off the attack .
te	NNS	Eve 's brows rose .
te	NN	Yet the human imagination is not content with locked doors .
te	NN	I readied to fire in case a zombie showed its face .
te	NNS	The back wheels were off the ground seconds later .
te	NN	The flush of the toilet went on and on , a steady stream instead of an actual flush .
te	NN	" My second topic is What do people think about the Shroud ?
te	NN	The disappointment was nearly as instantaneous as the recognition .
te	NNS	Her bags were tiny now , each hardly bigger than a thimble .
te	NN	" But a reminder : This paper is fifty percent of your grade .
te	NNS	After the wedding , the kings of the west dispersed .
te	NNS	Humans can believe some very complex things .
te	NNS	Tess turned the idea over in her mind , tormented by its possibilities .
te	NNS	Those rebellious curls that grew at the ends were making a concerted effort to be more pronounced .
te	NNS	Iron Sisters also badass at recycling !
te	NN	The musty inside was a stark contrast to the woodsy loveliness of outdoors .
te	NNS	The rotors spun up to a roar and the helicopter leaped skyward , breaking free of the jungle and out in the blaze of the midday sun .
te	NNS	The sins grew , one piling on top of the other until my shoulders began to sag .
te	NN	Your passport is current , my dear , isn 't it ? '
te	NNS	Fancy schools and university , money , influential friends , and the right circles , had given them a bit of a gloss .
te	NNS	Vimes admired the flatness of the response .
te	NN	A nurse handed him a towel .
te	NNS	At his words a strange coldness invades my body .
te	NNS	" To many more nights like this . "
te	NN	" Your novel sold ? "
te	NNS	Banks does not retrieve his briefcase .
te	NN	" I am not privy to that information , " replied the inventor .
te	NN	The silk easily parted , his hands pushing down the fabric so he could lean in and kiss her bosom .
te	NN	Fog rolled in off the water in a greedy vapor , sucking up the road from sight .
te	NN	Nobody was so important for him like Mia was .
te	NNS	But the next morning the big guns started shelling again and the war was resumed .
te	NN	The tickle of panic returned .
te	NN	My other big accomplishment for that period was to get the contractors in from Philadelphia .
te	NNS	My agent 's warnings went off like an alarm in my brain .
te	NNS	Red shutters bracketed the window of the three story , white brick building .
te	NN	The tang of preserving fluid , and the dangerous sweet scent of flesh near rotting , rose from the canvas and filled the air .
te	NNS	Then there were the nights like last night .
te	NNS	These opportunities have attracted the most important corporations in the Solar System , as well as small firms and private investors .
te	NNS	Death jokes started the first week of Cadet Basic Training .
te	NNS	The curves in the road were the best part , and I wasn 't saying that just because I was pressed against Blake .
te	NNS	The resistance groups have been searching for it for decades with no success , and very few survivors .
te	NNS	Soon , the stands joined me , forgetting our amazing last minute victory .
te	NNS	The wings had to be at least ten feet wide .
te	NN	Nobody could cut through a building .
te	NN	" My cousin and I hope their hunt is safe and plentiful . "
te	NNS	Where are your shorts and shoes ? "
te	NN	A chill ran down my back .
te	NN	So there 's really nobody left to respond to domestic emergencies .
te	NN	Thomas ' staff file only showed his apartment address and mobile phone number .
te	NNS	Vampires are works of fiction , not walking , talking people .
te	NN	Just as I lifted the first bite of egg to my mouth , the doorbell rang .
te	NN	The square glass fixture looked like the sort of gas lamp that topped the vintage posts in front of the brownstones in Park Slope .
te	NN	For that matter , maybe the coach was just strange .
te	NNS	The branches seemed to wave in the wind with rhythm and the night owls called to him with deep , resonating comfort .
te	NNS	Cholesterol , fatty meats , and complex carbs were building blocks for fast food .
te	NN	A sharp swing from one of the axes brushed across the Prince 's ribs so closely that he knew he had barely avoided evisceration .
te	NN	' Sleeping basket , food , bowls for water and food , collar and leash , dog shampoo ... the whole works .
te	NNS	Even the bridges had lights running in arcs on the arches over the water .
te	NN	Does a baker grant free bread to a beggar ?
te	NNS	The nerves had taken over , and there seemed to be a short between my brain and my mouth .
te	NNS	" Like any of those old trolls could even move fast enough to get out of each other 's way . "
te	NNS	Gaius had it redesigned based on some of my recommendations . "
te	NN	A royal swan . "
te	NN	His sorrow was beating at her , profound and deep , slashing at her unprotected mind .
te	NN	Panic washed over me .
te	NN	" Nobody else takes the initiative , and management cuts corners wherever they can , whenever they can .
te	NNS	Vehicles and maintenance buildings are on the south side of the compound .
te	NN	The coach laughs , but it 's not a nice laugh .
te	NN	The only other major character she could think of was the noble alien .
te	NN	Suddenly the banging at the door stops .
te	NN	Any artist , regardless of how eccentric , would be delighted to know that Damon Marcus Kincaid was interested in bidding on a painting .
te	NN	The jerk didn 't seem to mind either .
te	NN	The basement was my workspace , see .
te	NNS	Solos sighed and dropped his arms .
te	NN	A thin beam scanned his retinal print and a swab dipped into the side of his mouth .
te	NN	Clyde pressed his fingers to his temples and imagined the space around him , felt the breeze , counted his heartbeats .
te	NNS	Everyone fashioned cloths around their mouths to avoid breathing in the thick haze of ash .
te	NNS	Krauss weaves his way through the throng driven by a desire to escape .
te	NN	Their friendship had carried him through the worst times of his life .
te	NN	The doorbell chimed and her heart kicked into overdrive .
te	NNS	" The Brethren must meet you as soon as possible .
te	NN	His aunt noted the rings too and said under her breath , " She must be African royalty to be wearing all that jewelry , Jimmy . "
te	NN	There is no cure for a werewolf bite .
te	NNS	Mags conceded that much .
te	NNS	All the television channels were full of the news of his disgrace .
te	NNS	Years of practice at the Westchester Country Club assured that my game was head on .
te	NNS	Titian skies blaze all around us as Hit receives clearance from the spaceport .
te	NNS	Within seconds fighters appeared in and around the Square .
te	NN	My butt is as sore as a boil .
te	NNS	But the skies here had no bearing on time in the real world .
te	NN	The bolt is not usually visible in a stunner which is in good condition .
te	NN	The bell rang again , and everyone scrambled to find their desks .
te	NN	There was nobody to tell her no , even though I tried .
te	NN	Anyone in my pack , including my brothers , who disrespects you disrespects me .
te	NNS	" Probably some state union workers rule about holidays trumping Saturdays . "
te	NNS	The remains of cherished kitchen dressers served as benches on which to sleep .
te	NNS	Branches slapped against my arms and face and my fatigued body dripped with blood and sweat .
te	NN	Silence gripped the air .
te	NNS	Rules are there for a reason , agreed ?
te	NN	" This is do or die for Ryan Sullivan and the Hawks , " the announcer said in a hushed voice .
te	NNS	Instead of the sky , rivers of crystal ran through the rock , providing a glowing light that illuminated the entire cavern .
te	NN	" Either fisherman have started wearing formal wear to pull trout out of the river , or you 've got company . "
te	NN	By the time she left the drinks in the living room and returned to the kitchen , the popcorn had thirty seconds left .
te	NN	The weary clan perked up at his announcement and started walking up the hill at an accelerated pace .
te	NN	The jungle died away , leaving open space on all sides .
te	NN	A one-on-one confrontation was something I still hadn 't drummed up the courage for .
te	NN	" Large scale terrorist attacks ? "
te	NN	" Dave , nobody is accusing you of anything .
te	NNS	Sharp wings and an angry flutter , beating louder in the silence of the empty hospital hallways .
te	NN	" What 's a standard bribe ? "
te	NN	The stretcher rocked up and down as she and Marius pushed open two swinging doors and carried Haven into a bright room .
te	NN	The clock on the leader board ticked along .
te	NN	But a vamp could track me through infrared vision .
te	NNS	" Doctors Without Borders for cows . "
te	NNS	The shocks abated , and I could only sit there and gasp for breath .
te	NNS	Them females are just so complex and they hold out until you are completely in tune with them .
te	NNS	Banks and churches stood with tall steeples , signaling Leavenworth 's wealth and piety , and there were restaurants and an opera house .
te	NN	Her face awash with tears of frustration Becky would berate herself and yet again remind herself just how lucky she was even to be alive .
te	NN	The duffel was full of money .
te	NN	The only sensation he had from his right arm now was one of frightful pain .
te	NN	The beast must 've found the path .
te	NN	The one-year-old , state of the art , airplane was in route from San Francisco , California to Cleveland , Ohio .
te	NNS	Out of the darkness arrows began to fly , and two of the men were hit .
te	NN	No makeup , her hair a beautiful tangle , the woman was so gorgeous that she made him ache .
te	NN	Who the heck could be calling at this hour ?
te	NN	A waiter buzzing around at the fringes wasted no time to swoop in and be helpful .
te	NNS	Thick clouds marched overhead ; it looked like more snow was on the way .
te	NN	My confidence recoiled as I sat up a bit taller , " Boys , we will all no doubt benefit from each other 's expertise . "
te	NN	However , when she reached the age of twenty-one her conversion began and she became a very powerful werewolf because of this family . "
te	NN	The rookie made his way to the Captain 's lobby alone .
te	NN	" Don 't worry , sweet Swan , he will not have time to open a window .
te	NNS	While this woman is divulging way more than she needs to be to a complete stranger , the wheels in my brain are churning .
te	NN	He hated the harness , hated the bandage , hated going for ' walkies . '
te	NNS	A few individuals , our strongest ancestors , worked hard to rebuild our society , or at least tried to keep together what was left of it .
te	NNS	A hundred alarm bells went off in my head at the sight of clenched fists at Paul 's side .
te	NNS	The first rays of dawn glistened on the southern peaks .
te	NN	The rifle was lighter than I expected .
te	NNS	Before Noelle could turn , a deer shot across the clearing , disappearing in the thick trees on the far side .
te	NNS	There 's tons of it up there in that rock wall ! '
te	NNS	Angus appeared like a ghost out of nowhere in seconds .
te	NN	The column slowly made its way along the wooded road .
te	NNS	Under the sunlight , his blond curls were a pale platinum .
te	NN	There was such joy in her , spilling over into him .
te	NNS	The three towers that attached to the center of the castle seemed to almost touch the sky .
te	NNS	Students took it over in the late 1990s before the school decided to pave it and name it .
te	NN	" A servant reported that supplies were missing .
te	NNS	" Maybe if you weren 't half Norm , these decisions would come easier to you . "
te	NNS	From Charlestown and Winthrop in the north , to Castle Island in South Boston , to the banks of Dorchester Bay , families and young couples gathered .
te	NN	" The object I 'm thinking of is inside of a larger object . "
te	NN	A servant never interrupted a gentleman .
te	NN	Don 't you dare insult my daughter , " her stepdad said .
te	NNS	There are no exceptions .
te	NNS	Informed consent forms were routinely backdated , sometimes weeks or even months after enrollment .
te	NNS	" The wards have broken , and the streets are full of demons .
te	NN	" But , brother Simeon , a conversion is the most irrefutable proof of the belief in our Lord Yeshua .
te	NN	First of all , what is a ghost ?
te	NNS	Her coworkers gathered to pay their respects and console one another .
te	NNS	There were desks sprinkled throughout the space .
te	NN	" Everybody , " Doreen said , " has at one time or another known a schizophrenic ... if they 're not one themselves .
te	NNS	The glorious towers arose from the ground and pierced the sky .
te	NNS	Stokes sent Tamsin over to stand by me to clear the way for the hearse .
te	NN	There was a plea in her eyes .
te	NN	The traffic was nearly nonexistent .
te	NNS	Of course , those plastic bags don 't make it any better .
te	NN	Her heartbeat accelerated as she lost her breath .
te	NNS	" The dragons were extremely impressed by the sounds you made .
te	NN	" Anyone else have concerns to share ? "
te	NN	A kaleidoscope of images whirled in her mind .
te	NN	The cowboy Valerie had smacked into when she fled now walked over to her , trailed by the other guy , who wore a business suit .
te	NN	The secretarial lobby was dimly lit .
te	NN	Your population goes up continuously ; the available calories meet the needs only as a result of greater and greater effort .
te	NNS	Her brown curls danced around her face and shoulders , never still .
te	NNS	His traps were good but his shots were over the crossbar .
te	NNS	Long , deep , satisfying strokes matched the little sizzles of power from the tiny amulets .
te	NNS	Our hosts are actually trying to recreate and study human reproduction methods , interbreeding of species , in effect .
te	NNS	Tomas exclaimed and then headed to the door .
te	NNS	Jess approached the microphone first .
te	NNS	Emotions dulled the intellect . '
te	NN	The timing fits , and your colouration is undeniable .
te	NNS	The reporters love trying to figure out who my next lover is . "
te	NNS	Snow white five story buildings linked by high towered buttresses made up the outer perimeter walls .
te	NNS	The corners of Big D 's lips turn up in a sad smile that spreads to the rest of his face .
te	NN	Nobody knew what was going on with her , but somehow this attitude didn 't annoy anybody .
te	NNS	Her nails sank deeper , cutting skin , and he nearly moaned at the heady sting .
te	NNS	There are no demons here .
te	NNS	" Both our countries learned to fear and respect the Iroquois .
te	NNS	" You have a point , " Clubs said , nodding .
te	NN	The curtain of blossoms fell more rapidly to the earth as I pushed through them .
te	NN	Once again , the ballroom exploded with applause .
te	NN	The user also has the added ability of being able to see across a range of energy wavelengths .
te	NN	Worse , my research had a hand in helping you do it .
te	NN	An icy psi fever was burning in him .
te	NNS	Jo those butterfly photos you put up on Facebook were just beautiful . "
te	NN	His thigh settled over her legs , and his hand splayed over her stomach .
te	NNS	The electronics crunched underneath his boot and when he lifted it , there was nothing but little plastic and metal bits .
te	NNS	Dolores hid the box she was holding from Zac .
te	NNS	New " customs " that further cut the limited amount of cell visiting between prisoners that had been permitted in the past .
te	NNS	All the charts are in drawers below the table .
te	NN	Every zombie that was killed used to be somebody 's loved one .
te	NNS	Your observations should be helpful in our coming discussions . "
te	NNS	Swords thrust upward , shields banged , and a resounding cheer echoed over the land .
te	NNS	The curves of her breasts and the feel of her ass against his palm were almost too much to endure .
te	NNS	Vampires aren 't my concern . "
te	NNS	Then two tons of German engineering hit him and bore him under .
te	NNS	All stations had individuals in white lab smocks standing guard .
te	NN	Lot 's of shooting , sword slicing , and magic .
te	NN	Her dad 's hint of a smile lingers for a moment .
te	NN	So what was your inspiration ?
te	NNS	Because a couple of you are kings among your kind .
te	NNS	There 's lots of women who 'd love a good dependable guy like Melvin .
te	NNS	Tallis threw himself down .
te	NN	The beam flickered across the plush carpet as someone moved inside the bathroom .
te	NN	Rage ignited those mental sparks into a fiery blue flame as I battled her impossible strength .
te	NNS	Her hand flipped and she grabbed his arm , her ragged nails digging deep with urgency .
te	NNS	Butterflies are dancing in my stomach and my pulse is speeding up .
te	NN	" My nightmare , " Jenny said .
te	NNS	" There are demons in the White House ? "
te	NNS	Some worlds , believed you just went on another cycle of birth and death , for all eternity .
te	NNS	Apparently the corrections departments across the U.S. have developed some pretty good skills in that area . "
te	NNS	Dried clumps of soil spun out and the whole frame quivered .
te	NN	The entire ballroom was macabre , decorated like a Regency period horror movie set .
te	NNS	All around them , fires blazed .
te	NNS	Enough sensors to deter a gaggle of ninjas and here he was yelling " Cookie ! "
te	NNS	Anders talked to them briefly , then nodded and stayed with the van , unpacking some very peculiar equipment .
te	NN	The fat buyer gave a nervous laugh and his business partner pushed his greasy hair out of his face and licked his lips .
te	NN	The mechanic thought it wise to keep his tongue .
te	NN	There 's a bang outside somewhere , off in the distance .
te	NNS	There were no final pleasantries .
te	NN	The resulting yelp was muffled , but clear enough to prove the point .
te	NNS	The flaps and hem of his coat fluttered behind him as he stalked over to stand near Maia .
te	NNS	But his reactions had never gone this far .
te	NN	Now the atmospheric density is increasing , and the friction is incredible !
te	NNS	Other warlocks could do it , but when he 'd been at his lessons more than two thousand years earlier , he 'd never mastered the ability .
te	NNS	The corners of his mouth curved into a maddening grin .
te	NN	Still , such a claim seemed impossible .
te	NNS	Her nipples reacted to his attention instantly .
te	NNS	Lucius stood as well .
te	NNS	Roth 's brows rose .
te	NN	The bus slowed down , wounded and afraid .
te	NNS	Footsteps echoed off the floor ; they were literally going in circles .
te	NN	A death howl which called to every non-human instinct she had .
te	NN	A possession that wouldn 't just be physical , despite the rules they 'd set up for their one night together .
te	NN	This airplane wasn 't as frightening this time , but I wasn 't about to think that I could do this flying thing on a regular basis .
te	NN	When the new , young vampires arrived on the scene the murder rate tripled in just a few months .
te	NNS	The majestic homes in the Garden District and the beauty and history of this city fascinated her .
te	NN	The musical cue sounded .
te	NNS	On top were four unlit candles set apart in an imaginary square .
te	NNS	Hunters knew that the Lynette was going to attempt to even the score .
te	NN	The narrow stretch of side yard was empty .
te	NN	His costume was a doggy hoodie with a big yellow star to cover the big white one on his head which gave him his name .
te	NN	" Your little whore is dead by now .
te	NN	The crow flapped its wings and let out two grating chirps .
te	NNS	Jess glanced between the two of them , a puzzled frown on her face .
te	NNS	Doctors did tell lies .
te	NNS	Gladys was silent , considering .
te	NN	There was no Call to answer . "
te	NNS	His many amateur victories at the War Chest and rebellious teenage spirit fueled his fire .
te	NNS	The two dragons begin a long fall .
te	NNS	Lukas wrinkled his nose in distaste , lowering his head and looking at the floor in submission .
te	NNS	There were also large blocks of C4 the size of melons , enough to level Moon 's building to the ground , and perhaps half the city .
te	NN	There was a significant amount of information on a very large cooperative project with many other research , fabrication , and testing facilities on the planet .
te	NNS	The investigations involved 3 levels of police and presumably our intelligence service , the CIS .
te	NNS	The animals sensed a predator and protested their vulnerability in loud panicked cries .
te	NN	" Where did those bruises come from ? "
te	NNS	Lukas opened his eyes with a sigh and continued .
te	NN	On the other side , the cliff tapered off gently back into rolling dunes , and behind the lighthouse weedy ground led into a dark forest .
te	NNS	At that very moment intense rays from the morning sunrise penetrated the window blinds and set the whole room awash in its radiance .
te	NN	The killer had dragged Sutton into the locker room and deposited her here for someone to find .
te	NN	Across the street , a woman smoking in her plastic lawn chair stared at us , the cigarette burning in her fingertips .
te	NN	A very long , very unsteady ladder fell from the helicopter and landed in the sand .
te	NN	Here the ocean was even rougher , rising in huge swells .
te	NNS	' The finest gloves , the softest leather ; a second skin -- a most sensuous experience . '
te	NNS	The witches cackled and prophesized .
te	NNS	After what had happened before , the odds weren 't good she 'd go back to them again .
te	NNS	Abandoned vehicles , flattened fences , and burned-out buildings dominated the landscape .
te	NN	Shock filled her pale face .
te	NN	Men rule and women are there slobbering after the fools .
te	NN	The sting will go away in a moment .
te	NNS	These limbs scraped along the ground as the thing moved .
te	NN	Why did the Source do nothing ?
te	NN	I had to hand it to Gavin , his condo had a nice view .
te	NNS	With a sudden uproar in blood , the machine guns began and the Germans were now awake .
te	NN	A crimson puddle had formed in the dirt .
te	NN	" Nobody else is wearing anything even remotely like it . "
te	NN	' So maybe the rumour 's nothing to do with the guy .
te	NNS	My brows fall together in confusion .
te	NNS	My wits begin to return to me .
te	NNS	Could their powers have combined to allow him to reach out to her even while he slept ?
te	NNS	Red clouds passed before her eyes .
te	NN	Like , is the universe saying ' don 't ' ?
te	NN	Had the testosterone tide swept in ?
te	NN	Okay , so maybe a babysitter wasn 't such a bad idea .
te	NN	" Nobody ever looked down ? "
te	NNS	Three years ago , the high priestess told me of the Sleeping Goddess .
te	NN	The bus stopped in front of the small arena designated for the conference thirty minutes before service time .
te	NN	The humans , " said the Bane in disgust .
te	NNS	" Ghosts and spirits , " Mat muttered , turning Pips .
te	NN	Up ahead , a rocky hill rose sharply , and beyond the crest , the glow of orange was stronger .
te	NNS	The strangers in her living room had given her a fright .
te	NNS	The workers were making their way to the great barn where they sat down to broth , bread and a goblet of ale .
te	NNS	" My troops are just outside .
te	NN	" Nobody 's going anywhere ! "
te	NN	The teenager gazed intently at Sharon and didn 't acknowledge the command .
te	NNS	' Come on , I don 't have all night , ' the priestess said , hurriedly .
te	NN	" Now you 're catching on , " the marshal said .
te	NNS	The corners of his lips upturned slightly .
te	NNS	' There are ... other considerations . '
te	NNS	" The results are not entirely pleasant , but this nectar will keep most of the biting and stinging insects at a distance . "
te	NNS	There are candles dripping with thick rivulets of hot wax placed all around the bed .
te	NN	The co-pilot radios , " ETA ... two minutes . "
te	NNS	Footsteps too light to be a man 's , so who ... ?
te	NNS	Darius joined in an impromptu duet with Daryl , something Stacy was sure he would never forget .
te	NNS	Each wall displays faded writings which I am sure will brighten with the presence of evil .
te	NN	The young soldier understood .
te	NNS	My veins filled with lead .
te	NNS	Other titles available from Jago Piran include : The Devil 's Own Time , a dark tale of unimaginable evil .
te	NNS	' The knights got him away to a safe location soon after the palace came under siege The queen is leading the defense . '
te	NN	But that sensation of pleasure did not last long .
te	NN	The lump in her throat was threatening to choke her .
te	NN	The cavern holds something very precious that we must release .
te	NNS	Vampires couldn 't see magic ... " You mustn 't blame Evangeline .
te	NN	The magician 's smiling , but a faint frown wrinkles the dirty flesh of his forehead .
te	NNS	The bodyguards fight to clear space for me , shouldering apart the rushing stream of people .
te	NNS	The mountains had been there long before humans were and they 'd be there long after .
te	NN	The hall pass stamp , however , seemed to stick out .
te	NNS	Scarlet droplets scattered the wall .
te	NNS	Their dragons carry them from the blaze , injured yet alive , and fly them down to King 's Landing .
te	NNS	Vampires are fickle creatures .
te	NN	The palace was glowing with lights of all kinds .
te	NN	Nobody knows how long this will go on , but the CDC is the best place to be . "
te	NNS	Tallis gripped me tighter again and McKee glared at him for doing so .
te	NN	The crew hung back , cameras rolling .
te	NNS	Rocks , wood , and glass showered around her .
te	NN	The location looked as if it was used by weekend dirt bike riding families who camped unplugged from the rest of the world .
te	NNS	Students dispersed with their plastic vampire teeth , stickers , and flyers .
te	NN	When the chest was carried into the hall and opened , the framework appeared first artfully worked in bronze .
te	NN	the soldier said as he pulled the trigger a second time .
te	NN	There are some major cities that will be affected , " the official replied .
te	NNS	Zeus pulled a blanket from Hera 's shoulder and folded it up .
te	NN	When I glanced above my head , my time cylinder was no longer there .
te	NNS	There was always lots of space in the aisles and it was usually never a problem to stick in a few extra chairs .
te	NN	He raised his hand again , the dagger still clutched there , before slashing another wound on his chest , a direct crisscross .
te	NNS	" Humans are a lot of trouble , aren 't they ? "
te	NN	The soldier inside the booth picked up the phone and started talking .
te	NN	The server paused at Markman 's table .
te	NNS	Years of hating Dominic gave Stephan a sad and unique insight into Sliver 's twisted thinking .
te	NNS	My veins leapt and pounded as if waiting for release , thudding madly in my throat and in my chest , swelling in anticipation .
te	NN	The Spartan librarian being poisoned was what was always going to happen .
te	NN	Seeing this , Drummond 's demeanor immediately returned to its previous gentle state .
te	NNS	Once he filed suit and exposed the drug , those vultures he 'd just met in the Circle of Barristers would swarm to find the clients .
te	NNS	And , of course , there were puppet shows and storytellers .
te	NN	At least his fury had cooled .
te	NNS	All the loose ends were going to be tied up neatly .
te	NNS	These little formalities are the very soul of civilized behavior . '
te	NNS	" The cupboards are fine .
te	NNS	Zeus was waiting for them beneath the vast canopy of the tree that stood proudly on the front lawn .
te	NNS	There were no barns on the way to Colorado Territory .
te	NNS	There are countless other examples .
te	NNS	Tomas and I shared an amused look .
te	NN	The cool triumph in them was too much .
te	NNS	After all , the stats on broken engagements left divorces in the shade , and that was saying something .
te	NNS	Butterflies filled my stomach as he closed his eyes and pressed his warm lips on mine .
te	NNS	" What are sisters for ?
te	NN	The topic was , as it frequently is , the weather .
te	NNS	The tips of his fingers tingled and his nose grew numb the moment he stepped out into the frigid night air .
te	NN	Then the first munitions wagon went up .
te	NN	The soldier swam swiftly and economically .
te	NN	She felt the warmth of his love surround her , the brush of his fingers so tender on her face .
te	NNS	The cheers faded into a confused buzz .
te	NNS	Her calves and arms had strips of skin hanging from them .
te	NN	" The servant brought a plate of food .
te	NNS	Cyrus peered back at me , making a decision , and then he frowned apologetically .
te	NN	Maggie 's shotgun had begun to tremble in her grasp .
te	NNS	My nails dug into the rigid muscles of his back , my calves tightened on his thighs .
te	NNS	The local military units that had engaged with JD and his section wandered through the dead bodies and searched them for identity .
te	NNS	Early mornings had become typical on our trip .
te	NN	There was nobody there to stop me , nobody there to tell me what to do .
te	NNS	The trucks pulled off the main road as the flashing lights rapidly approached , weaving through traffic .
te	NNS	My lover 's thoughtfulness never failed to move me .
te	NNS	That wildness was what had attracted me in the first place .
te	NNS	Clouds of dirt continued to spiral around the camera .
te	NN	Her heartbeat shook her chest .
te	NN	" Nobody else seems to know about it , so I 'm curious .
te	NN	" Your cousin saved my life .
te	NN	Anyone lucky enough to survive is probably busy trying to salvage what they can .
te	NN	Red clay and sweat stained his orange prison jumpsuit .
te	NNS	The corners of Holly 's mouth twitched .
te	NNS	Horses are unpredictable . "
te	NNS	My suit 's heating elements adjusted immediately to the temperature .
te	NNS	The runners at the park always wear the proper attire .
te	NNS	The two students stared at the object in the screen for a long , quiet second .
te	NNS	The bullets stitched across Julio 's chest driving him to the ground behind the cab .
te	NN	The healers ' tent would be , as always , the most popular .
te	NNS	Cats got your tongues ?
te	NNS	" Old habits die hard . "
te	NN	The bell on the front door rings and I jump , sending a gold streak across the black pupil .
te	NN	" A human owns this store , " the cop closest to Graham said .
te	NNS	One day , perhaps , there would be cities here , cities like Boston , New York , or Glasgow .
te	NN	A lump of fear sat heavy in her stomach .
te	NN	A low thump resounded through the floor and they saw a small silver canister whip by them outside .
te	NN	The web of connections had vanished , thinning out and then just plain disappearing .
te	NN	There was a small gasp and then Nona was gone before I knew what had happened .
te	NNS	The dimples appeared again .
te	NNS	" My visions are never wrong . "
te	NN	Yet even now , a small stretch of water is nothing to a sturdy boat .
te	NN	The effect was striking , the girl beautiful .
te	NN	The gravity in his voice told her this wasn 't a casual question .
te	NNS	Footsteps pound the sand behind her , approaching quickly .
te	NNS	" But lots of things don 't make sense , Sal .
te	NN	Not a single mark marred her skin , not even the long , wicked cut where she had been opened to take the child from her body .
te	NN	" Nay , " he said flatly , " our bargain is a long way from met . "
te	NNS	There are little sensors under each barrel and bottle that detect when it 's about to run out and send the order through .
te	NN	It was a difficult situation and , whatever people said , this betrothal was not in the least romantic .
te	NNS	My nerves aren 't as good as they used to be . "
te	NN	I could be going to therapy A young , dark-haired nurse glances up as I pass .
te	NNS	" Which side are you gentlemen on ? "
te	NNS	Both knights snickered slightly at that rather lame pun as Tasha rolled her eyes in disgust .
te	NNS	The systems that support the family and society in general must also have functional stability .
te	NN	My first hurdle would be meeting her face to face .
te	NNS	Those socks , " he went on , pointing a stiff finger in the direction of the golfer , " are not regulation colour .
te	NN	The waiter said , placing two glasses down on the table .
te	NNS	" Or computers are all people .
te	NN	Her logic was sound , but I still held hope that I would be able to do what I had set out to do .
te	NNS	There are other tasks that have been proposed , however . "
te	NN	A dilapidated outhouse stood a fair distance from the cabin , and Kendra spotted a hand-operated water pump near the porch .
te	NN	Sex had never been easy for him .
te	NN	His belief in her always gave her confidence and she needed that now .
te	NNS	The clouds had vanished .
te	NN	" The Empire 's population is now over one billion .
te	NN	There was a definite sneer upon her face .
te	NNS	Jess played with a piece of hair that had fallen loose from her ponytail .
te	NNS	Vampires were invading tiny Ellensburg , Washington .
te	NN	Panic speared through him as the thimble started to topple .
te	NN	An impenetrable arc of black menacing cloud strewn with bolts of blinding light that seared through it like electrical impulses through a brain .
te	NN	" Relax sport , I 'm not going to hurt you . "
te	NN	There was even an old refrigerator .
te	NN	The basement is a dimly lit dingy expanse that seems to stretch on further than actual house itself .
te	NNS	Luc 's brows lifted .
te	NNS	Even habits don 't stick .
te	NN	The silk of my dress billows as he draws me into his lap .
te	NN	And your companion must be - " " Miss Gray , " Tessa said before he could finish .
te	NNS	" The scientists made me this way !
te	NNS	The bullets tore through the middle Green , grinding him apart first , then piercing the two Greens on either side .
te	NNS	But what I know is that my sister comes to our house and the next day our cows are dry . "
te	NNS	And the families could chew on some excuse about an informal sabbatical .
te	NNS	Goose bumps covered Rema 's skin , and she froze in panic , wondering what was through the darkness .
te	NN	Their unlikely friendship was a gift for both of them .
te	NN	" Hey , the Section doesn 't control me . "
te	NNS	His brows went up .
te	NNS	Some Alchemist families made a point of going to them every year .
te	NN	The beams of my friend 's flashlights were bobbing up and down , searching .
te	NNS	His historical archives were notoriously dull reading guaranteed to act as a soporific .
te	NNS	The results spoke for themselves .
te	NN	Where had this crazy attraction between them come from ?
te	NNS	The strangers seemed so out of place , so lost , that he felt obliged to be helpful , and later to guide them to the City .
te	NNS	Trial results so far remain discouraging . "
te	NNS	There were no animals in it , only a smattering of hay on the packed dirt floor .
te	NN	The coach literally flung him into the desk before he stepped between Nick and Casey .
te	NNS	There were no computers or internet available for patients .
te	NNS	The bullets are rubber and the knife blades are short to ensure shallow wounds .
te	NNS	The dishes need to be clean and ready to be used fresh .
te	NN	There were dark bodies swimming about in the surf ; the native children , no doubt .
te	NN	The animosity in the man 's grey eyes told Daniel all he needed to know : there was a deep-seated loathing in them .
te	NN	Her knuckles stood out white against her arms .
te	NN	His grandfather winked at him and he winked back .
te	NN	A flicker of wariness sparked inside me .
te	NN	The confrontation with Sharon was responsible for her mood .
te	NN	Had the darkness , and the monster inside of him , recognized its kin in her ?
te	NN	Eventually , the rhythm of her feet pounding against the pavement and the burning feeling in her chest obliterated the pain she felt in her heart .
te	NNS	Ares caught the keyboard , yanked it free and then snapped it in two like it was a twig .
te	NN	The diameter of the trunk was at least six feet , providing her ample cover .
te	NNS	There actually are bears in these woods , aren 't there ? "
te	NNS	His enemies likely suspected that he loved her .
te	NNS	There are seven representatives , two from Asia , and the remaining five from the five other populated continents .
te	NN	The medal depicted a winged man in flight .
te	NNS	" The priests are going to make an announcement later this evening .
te	NN	The prince , for the past two weeks , had been visiting the west borders of the Kingdom for encouraging the soldiers protecting the area .
te	NN	" The issue is not the King 's condition , but rather the situation with Princess Sophia and Sir Allan . "
te	NN	My knuckles turned white .
te	NNS	Lois quietly laughed to herself at how they both managed to escape the estate .
te	NNS	Angus leapt up at me , eager for attention , and I patted him on the head .
te	NNS	Students screamed and began to run away from it , into the parking lot .
te	NN	There is a pin on top where a watch fob might be .
te	NNS	Butterflies don 't erupt in my stomach and threaten to fly out my nose .
te	NNS	Two great benches sat on either of the longer sides of the room .
te	NN	The duo was only three steps inside the precinct when Delilah froze .
te	NN	The exuberance of jazz and the forced gaiety in the overcrowded ballroom slammed into her .
te	NN	Our bubble had burst and I really felt like this was the beginning of the end .
te	NNS	" There are a few obligatory requirements on your part .
te	NNS	There were candles everywhere .
te	NN	Look , nobody will be around when it happens .
te	NNS	Tallis had already stood up , and he leaned back to let me pass first .
te	NN	Silence stretched between them .
te	NN	A bolt might strike the highest point in the surrounding area in its effort to reach the earth .
te	NNS	Thousands of walnut sized bits of gravel scattered down the slope in a cloud of dust .
te	NN	The judge , Jack Hess , just happened to be the same judge that Eva and her husband supported for years .
te	NNS	In addition , there were dozens , maybe hundreds , of other bodies lying in these coffins .
te	NN	But the ocean is like this forest .
te	NNS	" Your fingerprints are all over that case , sir , and now that case is lying by his body and covered with his blood .
te	NNS	' Why did the families want us to marry ? '
te	NNS	As she made her way over there , many witches stopped her to say congratulations and make small talk .
te	NN	Anyone would be stupid not to take it .
te	NNS	Tree branches , hating the way we swat them , hit back with harder force .
te	NN	The accused sat on a cot and remained seated when Hale appeared .
te	NNS	The demons had come up in elevators , so their habitat had to be underground .
te	NN	Every member in the Assassins ' Chamber knew his face .
te	NN	The anxious editor was quickly taking on the likeness of a cornered animal , trapped by a merciless hunter .
te	NNS	Behind the seclusion of my lids , the visions were bright , filled with the only girl I 'd ever love .
te	NNS	Boys , as Anita would say .
te	NNS	Tess was beside her but mostly blocked from view by Dominic , who stood directly in front of her .
te	NN	" Cousin , " Innocent said , " perhaps your natural philosopher has the right of it .
te	NNS	Not only do people like to help in our small town - but also rumors had inevitably begun circulating about the mysterious wild animal footprint .
te	NN	The flap closed before Logan could witness their guilty faces .
te	NNS	Feelings of ... affection .
te	NN	The device beeped and vibrated for a few seconds and then shocked the hell out of me .
te	NNS	Even though he was only a sophomore , there were already rumors of college scouts coming to our games to watch him play .
te	NNS	Servants scuttled through the trenches running between the platforms , delivering food to the dining aristocrats .
te	NNS	Gaius bowed his head , but his growing desperation overcame his claim to sanity .
te	NN	There was a new recipe she wanted to try and he seemed to enjoy her home-cooked meals .
te	NNS	Peggy 's talents extended into the bedroom and for that , Bob was most appreciative .
te	NNS	" Would you gentlemen mind ? "
te	NN	There is a single copy of the Book of Creation locked in a vault .
te	NN	" Every cure comes with instructions .
te	NNS	Hobbs is cooking dinner .
te	NN	Panic ripped through my middle when I realized my arms weren 't going to obey any kind of command because they were secured behind me .
te	NNS	Zeus looked at him blankly .
te	NN	My whole livelihood is at stake , Mary .
te	NNS	Pleasing goose bumps rise on my neck .
te	NN	My confidence was wavering already .
te	NNS	Small bottles rained on the floor as the captive shook his head .
te	NNS	The squeaks of the birds calling to their mates stopped .
te	NN	A dark colored pickup was just easing to a stop at the edge of the front walk .
te	NN	" Anyone want to say a quick prayer ? "
te	NNS	Water droplets hung in the air .
te	NNS	The lavish rugs and colorful draperies rush by in a blur when the Princess suddenly senses a commotion nearby .
te	NNS	Gaius fell into step behind her .
te	NN	Kat 's horrified gasp said she was thinking the same thing I was .
te	NNS	Feral possessiveness slammed him in the gut as he watched his woman smile at his mom and Kara .
te	NN	The mansion was even more impressive on the inside than it was on the outside .
te	NN	Your shift is only twelve hours long after all . "
te	NN	The temperature is starting to cool off , and the night air is clean and crisp .
te	NN	The strap pinches the animal 's genitals and he tries to buck it off . "
te	NNS	But such visions are rare .
te	NNS	Other matters were on my mind now , knowing that we had this night to be alone , and that would help .
te	NN	My tiniest request sets off an argument .
te	NNS	So many sensations rushed over her like his hands that thrilled , that took , that tortured .
te	NNS	Just a few swords and a worthless cloak .
te	NN	" And , when did my grandfather die ? "
te	NNS	Morning rays shimmered off the icy bay .
te	NN	' And not a wrap or a blanket , ' said Merry .
te	NN	Among those who broke away from the order and scattered , as much to protect it as to protect themselves , faith dwindles .
te	NN	The principle was straightforward -- eat when you 're hungry , eat what you want , stop when you 're full .
te	NNS	Or the ticket counters can store them on a card . "
te	NN	' If we take our suits off , won 't the time echo change us ?
te	NN	His Clarice , who died slowly and painfully from the cursed cancer that took her , she never complained , never cried , never asked why .
te	NN	The Secret Agent Man from the party pierced me with snapping eyes .
te	NNS	The merchants were slowly coming to life .
te	NNS	Too many centuries had passed since he 'd last been tempted to entrust a mortal with the truth about who he was .
te	NN	But a cop bursts in , we all stop at the pop of a champagne cork .
te	NN	The servant there pointed to the right .
te	NN	The air conditioner clicked on with a rattle .
te	NN	The second cop left for the living room .
te	NN	The sensation wasn 't severe , but Kate felt it .
te	NNS	There are no remains .
te	NNS	Before he could ponder any further , two silhouettes obstructed his view of the infinite .
te	NNS	Boys and girls who love each other can touch . "
te	NN	A smattering of hair peppered his chest .
te	NNS	Lucius and I hustled outside .
te	NN	The rejection would be too much to bear .
te	NN	When all was said and done , the enormity of her death struck Lynette like a freight train .
te	NNS	I will come by and check on you tomorrow , " nodding with a tiny grin then swings around .
te	NNS	" My services don 't include a private peep show . "
te	NNS	Tethys tightly controls her mining concerns , her death camps , while the people struggle .
te	NN	The lizard wheeled around to find the woman hissing through clenched teeth , her face red , her hair disheveled , and her arm bleeding .
te	NNS	Delicate blue veins were clearly visible on her lids ; her skin was still unnaturally pale .
te	NN	The assassin whose eye I 'd skewered was still clutching his eye socket and screaming when Drake lopped off his head as an accidental bonus .
te	NNS	In his mind , blood ties ran deep , loyalty ran even deeper and his uncle had been his only friend in a conflicted upbringing .
te	NN	Nobody else would be able to pull it off with the same pizzazz either .
te	NNS	Only the tips of my fingers stuck out from the sleeves .
te	NN	The shipping traffic made sailing in this weather dangerous .
te	NNS	There weren 't any commercials -- a big reason to get satellite radio .
te	NN	Just as I expected the blade to make contact , the zombie crumbled to the ground .
te	NNS	The corners of Rema 's mouth turned up .
te	NN	His Lordship doesn 't want to see grey socks .
te	NNS	Her energy wings slowly receded into her back and disappeared .
te	NNS	Ours was a living history !
te	NNS	" Friends , " her mother echoed softly .
te	NNS	The wet shards settled .
te	NNS	Justus asked , making every effort to sound indignant .
te	NN	The corpse is still immobile .
te	NN	A frown mars my brows .
te	NNS	The mother mice were cleaning up the storage area and the path to it .
te	NNS	The visions exploded behind his eyes , and he tried to push them away .
te	NNS	There were other considerations too , which I could bring to bear .
te	NNS	Why were hearts beside Tam 's name ?
te	NN	Anyone who jumps in the portal disappears .
te	NNS	The beginnings of a smile trickled into her heart .
te	NNS	But the kings who would vote for war were more numerous .
te	NN	How could somebody be both petrified and in full control of themselves ?
te	NN	That role comes with certain expectations . "
te	NN	Still seeming entranced , she murmured , " Bastian , " making him want to squeeze her .
te	NNS	Chapter quotes ( by real people ) belong to the person who spoke them and no infringement is intended .
te	NNS	Her sisters had quickly disappeared after eating , taking the dirty dishes and plates with them .
te	NN	The faerie that - " Nuala stopped , tried again .
te	NN	Nobody believes in what my family does .
te	NN	What did that acceptance say about me ?
te	NNS	Cops and crime scene techs swarmed around him .
te	NNS	Small bolts of lightning whipped in his bloodstream .
te	NNS	After dinner , some students strolled in the hostel compound .
te	NNS	His nails were yellow and long , curving back on his gnarled hands .
te	NNS	Before I can decide whether to hike to the ship right away , the natives take the choice from me .
te	NNS	Alarm bells rang in my head and I knew I had to get out of there .
te	NNS	Recent reports showed their declaration of coming to do the same here at the capital .
te	NNS	The golden curls over his collar made the tips of my fingers itch to touch them .
te	NN	The tile was now the same dark grey of the concrete walls in utility spaces , where it had once been a speckled cream color .
te	NN	A twist to one direction and a fine mist spouted forth from the ends of the parasol 's ribs .
te	NN	The verdict was definitely still out on that .
te	NN	The shade with the maggot face pulled back , spinning into the sky above me .
te	NN	The brew was mildly tart , acidic , and very hoppy .
te	NNS	All that matters is whether it 's true . "
te	NNS	My princess will be fine .
te	NNS	Its engines churned and the dark gray bulk rode through waves toward the city .
te	NN	Her counselor had told her often that time and hard work would heal her .
te	NN	Yet another reminder that Lottie was a much better person than I was .
te	NN	There was only the faintest heartbeat .
te	NN	A stinging , buzzing sensation starts to creep into my chest and suddenly I hear , " I love that book . "
te	NN	The soldier stepped down onto the ground a scant inch from where Sam 's arm rested against the trunk of the fallen tree .
te	NN	My aunt stared at me , her face still twisted in disbelief , but her eyes wistful with longing .
te	NNS	The males get to wear blue jeans and cowboy boots to the ball dinner and dance thing .
te	NN	Not that his sincerity was above doubt .
te	NN	The attendant blinked with surprise when he saw Sam 's untouched plate of flat iron steak , smashed potatoes , and kale .
te	NNS	The man 's senses had now become acutely aware of his plight and captivity .
te	NNS	All that matters is Mason .
te	NN	That hum turned to a full-on roar .
te	NNS	Iris fell in at her side on the way back to the train station , and Rose and Jake walked after them , side by side .
te	NNS	Faint freckles came into being .
te	NNS	Demons were pretty scarce .
te	NN	The duo approached the barman .
te	NN	The photo of Faith 's daughter , Jay Lynn , had received the same treatment .
te	NN	Everybody else in the rath shares living quarters , but a priestess is always given a place of her own .
te	NNS	" Where 's your sacks ?
te	NNS	By now there were mumbles of kids around them taking notice .
te	NNS	In the wake of her promotion , rumors abounded about her past , her affiliations and an affair with the newly elected mayor .
te	NNS	There were towels on the floor , a toothbrush and open toothpaste on the vanity .
te	NNS	The telekinesis , as you can see , has expanded to me being able to do really neat things with fire . "
te	NN	" The signal tracks back to you .
te	NN	The whole respect issue kept coming up .
te	NN	" What does your mum tell you about your father ? "
te	NN	Where was her courage ?
te	NNS	The stabilizer fins were like solar panels .
te	NNS	The bowels of the earth could refer to caves .
te	NN	The big clock hanging on the wall behind me clicked .
te	NN	The stem of the mushroom was the netting and the basket .
te	NN	A zombie wandered up to it , absently reached at the dangling foam covered walkie-talkie , sending it spinning as it bounced off the creature 's hands .
te	NN	The cockpit 's lighting returned to normal ; the sensors and readouts functioned again .
te	NNS	But at night the mists fell like a deep cloud .
te	NN	A dial spun the image around , another top over bottom .
te	NNS	Tess was now behind me and her hand grabbed hold of my wrist .
te	NN	The prince was to be married that morning .
te	NN	Now that belief was the only thing he had .
te	NN	The entire clan gathered again at my parent 's house in Park Slope for in the early afternoon on Christmas Day .
te	NN	There was a camera crew from RTE outside on the street .
te	NN	The lighting made the room glow with a bluish tint .
te	NNS	" There are a few cabins on the property back home .
te	NNS	She was more focused on Cameron 's wounds , her brows furrowed as she examined him .
te	NN	My scout tells me that there are already several thousand enemy soldiers surrounding us .
te	NN	Julius continued reassuringly , " Don 't look so downcast , dear Ezio .
te	NN	Got a new client you want me to check out ? "
te	NN	By the time she rented a space at her first craft market , her first sale was nearly as big a thrill as her first flying experience .
te	NNS	Other planks , also curved , rose into the upper sides .
te	NNS	Zeus quietly said , " I understand .
te	NNS	Were the spirits of his kind lurking in the dusty estate rooms , to mock him , to mock his pain ?
te	NN	The ocean sparkled in the sun , and as he looked out over the blue green water his thoughts drifted .
te	NN	There was a slight breeze that moved her hair , and she responded by periodically moving it off her face and over her shoulder .
te	NNS	She observed the scratches on her skin , traced her index finger over them to caress the ridges on her body .
te	NNS	The crews of the three broken ships flew on shuttles towards their rescue ships .
te	NNS	Her reactions felt razor sharp .
te	NNS	Her long strides carried her up the aisle and down the hall .
te	NN	Regardless of who you think you choose , fate has a way of choosing for itself . "
te	NN	Sex to him wasn 't right without that .
te	NNS	The wheels are already in motion . "
te	NNS	Vampires have this way of knowing whether one is a half vampire or a full vampire .
te	NNS	" The deeper we get into the desert the safer we are , robbers are a lazy bunch . "
te	NN	Liquor cabinet , here we come !
te	NNS	There are vending machines . "
te	NNS	At once the scents of lavender and jasmine filled the air .
te	NN	The coach walked toward her , smiling hesitantly .
te	NN	Every novel I read , every TV show or movie I watched where New Orleans was the setting made me crave to visit that much more .
te	NNS	" There were caves .
te	NN	Their success record is one hundred percent .
te	NNS	The various intervening parties themselves were not present .
te	NN	A minute later , a blur of bodies goes by , a buzz of walkie-talkie voices and heavy breathing .
te	NN	All the joy in the universe descended upon me in that incredible moment , and I laughed joyfully through my tears .
te	NNS	The boulders slowly dissipated into a slick slope covered in grass and shrubs pressed flat from the recent rain and mud slides .
te	NN	And where was my coachman ?
te	NN	The judge , who had seemed to be asleep , now woke up .
te	NN	" The right amount of money and people will do or say anything . "
te	NNS	Very few scientists are at her level . "
te	NN	In the far corner on the left side of the room was a solid steel framed door marked ' Interview Room 6A ' .
te	NN	And if they 're going to be slaves , the royal palace is more comfortable than most places they could be working .
te	NN	" He 's awake -- and asking for Layla , " said the nurse .
te	NNS	Voices rang out around me , one of them Acacia 's , but I couldn 't make out the words .
te	NNS	Friends who , unlike Foley , would understand she needed comforting .
te	NN	And the worst fate awaited her . "
te	NNS	" Despite your visions of a perfect world under an empire , your rulers and politicians are quick to destroy each other .
te	NNS	The wizards are very powerful and wouldn 't hesitate to kill us if we were discovered . '
te	NN	Everybody who gets one of these hundred bombs has the same responsibility .
te	NN	Anyone who had been in contact with the snakes would have been on the video .
te	NN	Pressure filled my chest , something that felt unbearable but good .
te	NNS	Lips lifted off the teeth in a silent snarl as the creature lying in front of a bookcase rose to its feet .
te	NNS	Jess linked her arm with mine as we headed over to the table .
te	NNS	Do plants being genetically engineered have requests for what type of foliage they will have ?
te	NNS	Milan 's ancient buildings and twinkling city lights were waiting just outside the sliding doors .
te	NNS	Brian 's brows scrunched together .
te	NN	The merchant gave the women two fluttering little birds .
te	NNS	Kinsey 's curves pressed against his own .
te	NN	Just as I was putting the finishing touches on my makeup , the doorbell rang .
te	NN	Her mom 's butt wasn 't on the seat when she said , " You haven 't been getting enough sleep , have you , Kylie ? "
te	NNS	The other high priests were faring no better .
te	NNS	The candles flickered , again , softly lighting the dancing figures .
te	NNS	Us adults made our plates and settled down at the table .
te	NNS	Cops were everywhere , questioning witnesses , marking off the area , and taking notes and pictures .
te	NN	But a sailor always returns to the sea . "
te	NNS	And those devils escaped too .
te	NNS	Students were wandering all over campus .
te	NNS	As they entered September , the nights became cooler and Zoey slept with her windows open .
te	NNS	" The ponies are here for the mail . "
te	NNS	" Were any other private investigators hired to work the case ? "
te	NNS	If you don 't , their insides are likely to fall out . '
te	NNS	All units that are closer than ten blocks , proceed inward with extreme caution .
te	NNS	The music stations stayed with their programming , like the dance band on the Titanic .
te	NN	The bomb got closer .
te	NN	" I du n no , " the other cop said .
te	NN	The atmosphere was so hostile you could cut it with a knife .
te	NNS	Summer 's nails bit into her palms .
te	NNS	Lucius swirled across the damp grass in a pattern of loops and whirls , dancing himself into the middle of the largest lawn in the park .
te	NN	A wounded vet tapped into that belief in second chances .
te	NN	Her attraction to him had shown her that she 'd healed enough to enter into a new relationship .
te	NN	But the despair of the residents of the apartment building behind the church had been overwhelming .
te	NN	At the word ' Comrade , ' there was a noticeable relaxation on the part of the two Soviet soldiers , who lowered their weapons .
te	NNS	All parties accounted for push their selves as low to the floor as their individual frames allow .
te	NNS	" Friends of Cindy , are you ? "
te	NNS	Inside , dim recessed lighting provided an ambiance and soft glow through the hazy air .
te	NN	Suddenly , his groans turn to laughter .
te	NN	" His grandfather disapproves ? "
te	NN	" Another award might be calling .
te	NNS	To the north , the mountains loomed now , only a day or so away .
te	NN	Isn 't becoming a jewelry designer what you 've always wanted to do ? "
te	NN	Josh 's pride began to swell , thinking he was a genius to formulate such a brilliant answer so quickly .
te	NNS	The Mask Before sunrise the clouds are crimson above ice blue mountains , ephemeral splashes of color soon to dissolve .
te	NNS	Voices screeched like thunder making my ears hurt from the noise .
te	NNS	There were spreads of winter flowers growing along the side of the path , no doubt maintained by a well-paid gardener .
te	NN	The cab turned and drove out to the street and the garage went quiet .
te	NN	Nobody should have that much power over him .
te	NN	Maybe desperation had sharpened his wits .
te	NN	" The pizza place in town ? "
te	NNS	From harmless celebrity gossip to the endlessly fascinating topic of men , the subjects whirled in a dizzying array and made her happy to be a woman .
te	NN	Thomas 's refusal to even consider the suggestion had left her both upset and relieved .
te	NN	The car alarm shrieked and wailed in outrage .
te	NN	There was a murmur of disapproval from a few of the older ones seated around positions of power at the table .
te	NNS	The workers , merchants , farmers , everyone will see her as their future queen .
te	NN	The prized possession that Daniel had dragged Ainsley from the ballroom to view was a horse .
te	NNS	Deni left swaths of relief as she pulled her hands across him , paths free from pain .
te	NN	The crew at the scene thinks some one may have crushed peanuts into Horton 's Cheese Doodles . "
te	NNS	Now remember , Humans come from us so they began life as little Superiors until they got eaten by the lions .
te	NN	The nurse nodded and quickly left the room , shutting the door behind her .
te	NN	Her journal lays open beside her head and there 's box of chocolates next to her .
te	NNS	" The blue sheets of paper they were putting under everyone 's windshield wipers . "
te	NNS	Gaius sent him a warning glance .
te	NNS	Clouds rolled across the black sky , veiling a half-moon .
te	NNS	No unusual fibers , foot imprints or fingerprints offered any clues .
te	NNS	All their teammates told them they should go out , so they did .
te	NN	Rather than produce a fiery explosion , the rocket 's impact sent billows of dark green gas spewing from the warhead .
te	NNS	The power relations of the plains were constantly changing .
te	NNS	The given , sure quantities were Axel Stern and Jesse Bent .
te	NNS	Suddenly the mists seemed less deep .
te	NNS	Standing among the green living things , its gray skeletal branches still reached for its partner .
te	NNS	My limbs felt curiously heavy , and the fiery pain I 'd expected was now a dull , distant throbbing .
te	NN	A cap like bandage covered his head .
te	NN	Nobody knew where she was .
te	NNS	Grubbs is gripping my hand tightly .
te	NN	The bowl represents the departed one .
te	NNS	Ares caught on as well .
te	NN	Every horrible tale of vampires ever told rose up to haunt her .
te	NNS	Clouds of mist and fog drifted in the smoke .
te	NN	" But nobody ever gave us any glitter , so ... " Dina looks around the table and realizes that they 're right .
te	NNS	" What are the casualties ? "
te	NN	The rhythm of a steady canter soothed her soul , and Clarice imagined that the wind in her face could blow away her troubles .
te	NN	The potential is there , and it 's up to us to make something with that yarn or write something on that page .
te	NNS	Dorian watched her go , brows raised .
te	NN	A small metal device , planted on the table before him , counted down , reaching its end .
te	NN	Everybody called him by his first name , and that was good .
te	NN	Ricky 's whole demeanor suggested that he did not regard Charley as rational .
te	NN	" The eagle flies high above the clouds which , at night , hide the moon and the stars from sight .
te	NNS	Daisy notices and she elbows him in the ribs .
te	NNS	Why , my father 's enemies could never touch this haven !
te	NN	The host escorted her over to our table .
te	NNS	Roth 's brows rose as she stalked into bio class .
te	NNS	The bullets clinched it . "
te	NN	The faery beside me snorted .
te	NN	Your project is investigating a valid premise .
te	NNS	There were reporters from overseas as well .
te	NNS	" No , there are no vendors with this painting .
te	NN	A chill swept through Reed .
te	NNS	The pea vines were flowering and the radish leaves were coming up by the time it was warm enough to plant the squash and pumpkin seeds .
te	NNS	His hair blows across his face as the wind weaves through the strands .
te	NNS	Ares and Cadmus disappeared for a scant moment into the shadows and returned with their swords bloody .
te	NN	Panic swells suddenly inside me , like clouds invading my chest and throat .
te	NNS	His fingertips traced the outline of my sex through my thong .
te	NN	" My mum taught me . "
te	NN	" And their frigate shadowing our cargo ship ? "
te	NN	There was a throb in her temples , a steady beep , beep , beep in her ears and a stream of cold in her arm .
te	NN	The taxi screeched to a halt and Gavin leapt out of the car to open my door .
te	NNS	Butterflies fill my stomach .
te	NN	Sexual attraction was one thing , but admitting that , even then , I had deeper feelings for him made me feel more vulnerable .
te	NNS	Our venting systems are safe .
te	NN	As if on cue an official walks in with a tray .
te	NN	The neighborhood would be ablaze with lights after the flash bomb , but by then the mission would be over .
te	NN	The impulse fired into my consciousness , and I acted without thinking .
te	NNS	Our top researchers believed that this unknown compound would fill the gap between Compounds L and P , which we had already isolated .
te	NNS	There were rumors that there were people here .
te	NNS	Nearly two centuries of tidal action had hardened the mortar , but finally it gave way .
te	NNS	Hermes retreated out of range of the oncoming chariot with cautious dignity , but the worm jumped as if he had a life to lose .
te	NNS	Jess set her book aside with a frown .
te	NNS	My insides burned , begging for death .
te	NN	The arena was essentially a bare dirt field surrounded by roughly carved seats of stone .
te	NN	" What 's summer stew ? "
te	NNS	All guns should be able to target the projectiles . "
te	NNS	Demons and other , darker entities must , in the end , obey the light . "
te	NNS	" Not centuries , " says Dana to me .
te	NN	His stump pointed at her as she dropped him .
te	NN	' We won 't hurt you , we just want some ... compensation ' the soldier grinned .
te	NN	Her highlights had slipped an inch or so down her hair .
te	NN	Like clockwork , her target made eye contact exactly when she predicted he would .
te	NNS	Their branches were like arms which hugged me , and I didn 't get many hugs in this foreign land .
te	NNS	But then bones began to snap .
te	NN	The nurse snorted and shoved her glasses back atop her nose .
te	NNS	" Five clubs , " Phyllis said .
te	NNS	What matters is that it was fun and I forgot about everything else as I focused on the game .
te	NN	Behind , a loud alarm erupted , deafening as an air raid siren in the enclosed space .
te	NNS	Michaels looked after him .
te	NNS	Instead there were challenges , adventures .
te	NNS	Arabian nights gone wild .
te	NNS	Deep caverns for eyes and their movement disappeared , obscured by the shades .
te	NN	The earl has sent Gunnar in the tiny chance he might cure the evil -- so tiny it 's more likely that animals learn to talk .
te	NN	The killer must have taken it with him .
te	NN	" A documentary film production company . "
te	NN	With Morgan , there was no drama and fighting and tears .
te	NNS	Drunk , glum mortals stared into their drinks .
te	NN	Anyone else whose conscience drives them toward the city is welcome to come with me . "
te	NNS	The nests were huge , housing families from twelve to twenty .
te	NN	The flight attendant came over to us .
te	NN	On the walls hung framed black-and-white photo reprints of cityscapes : New York , Paris , Boston , Miami , Sydney .
te	NN	Some journalist was commenting about that in the news this morning . "
te	NN	Jordan smiled too , an infatuated smile .
te	NNS	But her nerves were raw , and her fear was choking .
te	NNS	Several students blinked , shaking off the spell of her words , before reaching for their bags .
te	NN	The nurse had a door opened at the far side of his room ; one he never saw until now .
te	NN	Predictably , a lovely flush stained her cheeks .
te	NNS	Justus wanted to give you the benefit of the doubt .
te	NNS	Clouds suit my mood just fine .
te	NNS	" How are your studies going ? "
te	NN	" And there was a photographer , snapping all kinds of pictures that made things look all kinds of bad . "
te	NNS	Ms. Marble 's joints seemed to become more put together as she made this last statement .
te	NN	The cavern was massive ; she might swim in circles for an hour without knowing it and never find the way out .
te	NN	The crack grew in length with each blow .
te	NN	The shade did little to keep it cool and heat radiated from it like the burner on a stove .
te	NN	The zombie , if that 's what Christian was now , wasn 't charging the door .
te	NNS	More mutters , gasps , and a few cries .
te	NN	One stride from the bathroom , his boot connected with a soft and plaintive shape .
te	NNS	As during our last foray , the workers don 't pay us any attention .
te	NN	Her orientation this week hadn 't been quite what she 'd thought it would be , filled as it had been with mostly one-on-one meetings with Stephen .
te	NN	Your appointment is tomorrow .
te	NN	The assassin slammed shut the tome , dust flying into the air .
te	NNS	These bigger accounts usually kickback a percentage to the List as a donation .
te	NNS	All the computers could share the same set ! "
te	NN	my grandfather exclaimed , finally realizing I 'd stepped into the room .
te	NN	He smiled wide , chocolate smeared across his perfect white teeth .
te	NNS	Their jagged canines swung with the rock hard heads of the insane animals in a display of ferocity .
te	NNS	The licks of flame wrapped around its body , setting its oily skin ablaze .
te	NNS	And fresh troops kept coming .
te	NN	" If it was the witch 's blast , then no potion can heal him . "
te	NN	" On the rear lawn . "
te	NNS	Jess shrugged him off .
te	NN	The killer said things about Aaron . "
te	NN	" The self , " she said .
te	NN	My courage flew out the window .
te	NN	Chapter Twenty Three We sit in almost complete silence for the duration Victoria is gone , nobody says a word .
te	NNS	Most often the settlements we raid put up little resistance .
te	NNS	The other messages are from Connor and Claire just asking where I 'm at and commenting on the video .
te	NNS	Military regulations will continue as they are until political forces change it -- forces much bigger than you , or I , or all of us together .
te	NNS	All units converge . "
te	NN	The crack deepened a little bit more .
te	NNS	Despite the welcome they had received in the woods , the grounds of the manor were clear of any roving patrols or guards .
te	NNS	Army personnel would no longer receive their pay in American currency , but in the new certificates .
te	NN	Lucky timing for him , huh ? "
te	NNS	Telling jokes , rehashing positive and negative moments in the presentation , their spirits were high .
te	NNS	Their energy fields popped and crackled the longer they stood locked together , growing stronger with more force fed to them with each passing moment .
te	NN	asked one Grey House vamp who wore number thirty-two .
te	NNS	The evergreens stand tall around the periphery , dark and guarded .
te	NNS	Jess gave Mickey a slight nudge and Mike 's cousin took one last stunned look at the Secretary General before hurling the bottle at the new ship .
te	NNS	Most assassins worked in pairs .
te	NNS	Sure enough , several large brown rodents were toiling away over hot stoves .
te	NN	His face winced and the frown set into his features .
te	NN	An individual , according to Buddhist teaching , is only a temporary combination of these aggregates , which are subject to continual change .
te	NN	If she hadn 't managed to chase away her demons for the night , more alcohol and dancing wouldn 't help .
te	NN	Sex is a thing of the past .
te	NN	There was a cluster of mobile homes and trailers bunched closely together on a few lots in the middle of Red Mountain .
te	NN	The librarian hurried off to " get the room ready . "
te	NN	My mum was a deeply caring woman , who had never quite recovered her equilibrium after my dad died nine years ago .
te	NN	The attacker was a muscular man with spiky black hair .
te	NN	A pillow plopped against my head .
te	NNS	The computer wails did not help the somber mood inside the submarine .
te	NNS	Vampires , witches , and werewolves , oh my .
te	NNS	Now that her birthday had almost arrived , the nights were cold and often wet .
te	NNS	Footsteps came toward the open door .
te	NNS	" Friends don 't judge .
te	NNS	There were rumors it was haunted , though she wasn 't one to believe in that kind of thing .
te	NN	The Soviet super said the same thing .
te	NNS	The elders began glancing around the room as if trying to figure out who they were and what their opinions were .
te	NN	39 Colton stood up slowly in the elevator .
te	NN	The waiter placed two large bags of food and a carton filled with shakes on the counter .
te	NN	This man 's identifying mark was a missing finger on his right hand .
te	NN	Every ounce of hatred filled her gaze .
te	NNS	The physicians , Pierre among them , look on intently , their minds racing with anticipation and anxiety .
te	NN	A clan to lead .
te	NNS	Sounds and voices drifted on the night wind blowing past them .
te	NN	High overhead and farther back up the narrow valley .
te	NNS	Sometimes the lyrics come out , you know , like a poem , when I 'm shaving or in the bath .
te	NN	A deep groan vibrated in Lexi 's throat .
te	NN	The flap came open .
te	NN	" Maybe the killer didn 't find whatever he was after on her computer so he came back to take another look . "
te	NNS	His centuries of existence had failed to prepare him for failure .
te	NN	I don 't really know , ' said the Duck Man .
te	NNS	And the fibers and prints are from a huge number of different clothes and shoes . '
te	NN	The palace was not a place to attack without substantial preparation ; Vin 's failure proved that much .
te	NNS	Gaius clenched his hands .
te	NN	" What the heck is going on at the mall ? "
te	NNS	The stats of the various super heroes are as follows with one important exception : None of them can die !
te	NNS	The students argued amongst each other , some louder than others .
te	NNS	There are lots of things we choose not to see .
te	NN	Nobody else got away . "
te	NN	The Dead Kennedy 's t-shirt featured the bands ' DK ' logo which Theo quite liked so he asked if he could have that one .
te	NN	Soon the echo of clinging swords sound in succession , as steel meets steel , and feet move quickly , trying to outmaneuver the other .
te	NNS	Jess eased his chair around the table until he was directly under her feet .
te	NNS	My insides clenched as warmth flooded between my legs at his words .
te	NN	Of course apologizing would only be hard for him .
te	NN	asked the girl , her eyes narrowing dangerously .
te	NNS	Thick clouds swirling snow from high elevations greeted Petra 's awakening , a moment taken to orient himself followed by slow morning movements to boil coffee .
te	NNS	Officer After 's dimples faded .
te	NNS	The swords lay there on the green felt , nestled in their leather sheaths .
te	NN	Nobody takes off work on a Friday around this place .
te	NN	First an ornate golden shoe appeared on the staircase , with a peak at a pair of white silk stockings .
te	NNS	" Why do females always grumble about that ? "
te	NN	" Where is my mating mark ? "
te	NNS	Shadows fell long and deep at the sides of its skull .
te	NNS	Cyrus sits beside him , leaning against a tree to support himself , and he too is making flower chains .
te	NN	Such a scare population made it ideal to settle on .
te	NNS	Zombies wandered below us aimlessly .
te	NNS	Under his chock of falling , thick black curls were the darkest , deepest , brown eyes she had ever seen ... panther 's eyes .
te	NN	Like a sudden alteration of the seasons , the atmosphere changed all around them .
te	NNS	Jess was following when a rustling noise to the left put Temperance on alert .
te	NNS	The remains of the victims become infected .
te	NN	Seth stepped out to greet them , slapping backs and high-fiving as he moved into their ranks .
te	NNS	Old habits die hard . "
te	NN	His confidence made Mike ponder the identity of this man .
te	NNS	Marina blows out an exasperated breath .
te	NN	The fluttering my stomach was doing had to be a consequence of no breakfast .
te	NNS	Bethany 's brows rose .
te	NN	That sour desperation thickened in the air .
te	NN	The flood abated by degrees .
te	NN	His mutters made me frown and a spike of fear tore through me .
te	NN	" I hear he 's the Regent 's special assistant , if you get my meaning , " another soldier commented .
te	NN	The total population is approximately three billion .
te	NNS	The two bedrooms are a touch smaller than you might expect , but I suspect they 're larger than those in your townhouse . "
te	NN	" My feeding , isn 't about sex , " he professed until her hand covered his lips .
te	NN	A pastel Easter egg quilt her grandmother had made would cover the table , as she wanted to have subtle colors .
te	NNS	There were vases , an Excalibur ( the car , not the sword ) , and cases of whisky .
te	NN	A camper stopped by to ask me if he could use the bathroom in my cabin .
te	NN	Alice 's slight frown turned into a smile .
te	NN	The fire alarm went off , of course .
te	NNS	Press reports blamed the breakdown of this idea on a misunderstanding over the meaning of the term " launch pad . "
te	NN	The sensation grew more unnerving as they traveled .
te	NNS	Making a final scan of the room , my sensors go over all the assistants .
te	NNS	Tallis said that it would be nearly impossible for Desmond to stay away once they had a true , emotionally connected moment .
te	NNS	Her sisters had to be getting low on money , too .
te	NNS	His intestines were covering the ground in a fleshy , bloody maze .
te	NN	The taxi stopped , the driver got his money and they both got out .
te	NNS	" There aren 't enough alleys and back streets .
te	NNS	The surrounding pines were old growth , their trunks wide with decades of life .
te	NN	And the cage , surely that was her own fault too .
te	NN	A flood of relief spilled over Aran as he sat by her side .
te	NN	Anyone who wants more can go somewhere else .
te	NNS	Gaius deliberately smoothed his expression to a bland mask .
te	NN	Oh , sweet Jesus ... The bell rang , signaling the end of lunch .
te	NN	" The emperor might be quietly mustering a sufficient host to deal with us .
te	NNS	The five teens stop then swing towards the fire .
te	NNS	Then the boat came charging down the back of the wave , the remains of the water on deck came rushing back to hit the stateroom .
te	NN	The guest of honor has arrived . "
te	NNS	" There are no animals here .
te	NN	His grandfather had understood and sympathized with him .
te	NN	The seriousness of his tone of voice made Ben look up straight away .
te	NN	' What time is the inspection ? '
te	NNS	As well as scientists there were also military personnel placed around the room .
te	NN	Her dagger stabbed the place where he had been standing .
te	NN	My heartbeat picked up and I was feeling the edges of panic creeping in .
te	NNS	Her body was warm , fragrant with pine , and every time she had moved , his nerve endings had come alive .
te	NN	And a bowl of pork dripping ! '
te	NN	The worst nightmare is taking shape .
te	NNS	But a few more mornings of my healthy breakfasts and you 'll look great . "
te	NN	" There 's a ladder .
te	NNS	Dark clouds were approaching quickly from the horizon .
te	NNS	" So there are many prophets . "
te	NNS	Noisy seagulls circling above brought John out of his daydream .
te	NN	Everybody running out will stop your father from running in . "
te	NNS	Alas I fear this will not be the case and this universal struggle for understanding will inevitably be our downfall .
te	NNS	" Our enemies are near . "
te	NN	At a little over six feet , his thin physique betrayed the deadly power he possessed .
te	NNS	Soon , the courtiers would follow and there would be a blood bath .
te	NN	" Nobody will notice I 'm gone for a while . "
te	NNS	Jess stood with the water hitting her shoulders and down her nude body .
te	NNS	" All that matters is that they respect you .
te	NNS	The great panels were buckling .
te	NNS	Bloody visions filled my head .
te	NN	The tarmac was empty except for our waiting Humvee .
te	NN	There was no great love affair .
te	NN	The assassin was dead .
te	NNS	Banks talked about being important and special .
te	NNS	Why were his nerves buzzing ?
te	NNS	The warlocks stood and gathered their things .
te	NNS	These individuals are evil .
te	NN	Anyone got a torch ?
te	NNS	Michaels scowled at the doctor .
te	NNS	Humans were a treacherous and dangerous lot and made killing one of his kind as some sort of rite of passage .
te	NN	The green manicured lawns lead into a set of double wooden gates and into a thicket of hilly grassy pastures .
te	NN	The sandwich seemed to compact inside her stomach , becoming a lead ball .
te	NNS	Some labs have even been positing self-replicating silicon-based bots called nanites that can reproduce copies of themselves out of the raw material they consume . "
te	NNS	There are humans who hunt us , who seek to murder us , There are scientists who would take us apart in a laboratory .
te	NNS	Just the wheels , pipes , and axles that made up any large vehicle .
te	NNS	Drawn guns made Mac nervous .
te	NNS	The smile she gave him before disappearing down the corridor lit the room , lit the darkest corners of his heart .
te	NN	A random nobody does get what the pendant represents .
te	NN	In the meantime , the U.S. economy continued shedding jobs .
te	NNS	Doctors can 't describe why certain parts of your heart react to anger , sadness , joy , and love .
te	NN	There was a rasp of paper on stone , and an envelope slid under my door , one corner poking out .
te	NNS	Cyrus pointed at the bundle in my hands .
te	NN	And what a jovial affair that was .
te	NNS	Her nerves were obviously more ragged than she 'd thought .
te	NNS	The rituals of the priests were vastly anticipated , preceded by city-wide celebrations , and a festival that would last until dawn the next day .
te	NNS	His incisors retracted and he drew in a breath that sounded embarrassingly ragged .
te	NNS	* * * Voices floated to him out of the dark .
te	NNS	Chill bumps danced across her skin at the memory of some of those instructions .
te	NN	A moan escapes me when I see my father walk out from the door of the old antique shop two stores down from Santo 's .
te	NNS	No hearts involved , wasn 't that what he 'd told her ?
te	NNS	Weirdly , my limbs seemed too long .
te	NNS	At once , my concerns vanished .
te	NNS	My bags were already inside the room , waiting to be unpacked .
te	NNS	The candles were lit and all of the food moved from the stove and island .
te	NN	The corridor was long and bland .
te	NNS	Dust clouds covered large sections from viewing , but not enough to hide the gouge .
te	NN	Claire 's heart rate sped up .
te	NNS	The storm clouds had parted to reveal a ray of light that shone on a certain spot , which must have been the pool .
te	NNS	At Robin 's announcement , Robert automatically touched his cheek , his fingertips coming away smeared in blood .
te	NN	' The little rat OK ? '
te	NNS	" The leeches dampen your brother 's strength or he would be fighting .
te	NNS	Would her sins continue to haunt him , a phantom he could never put to rest ?
te	NNS	Oh fabulous , the evil spirits were picky .
te	NNS	There are lots of hills and mounds , and steam spurts out of the ground in many places .
te	NN	My grandfather must have seen them preparing this plane .
te	NNS	Light freckles dot my smooth , pale skin .
te	NNS	All the faction symbols stacked on top of each other .
te	NN	Everybody shot to their feet .
te	NN	A further scan of the hall revealed nothing else of note , and I headed back toward the stairwell .
te	NN	Another thump came from inside .
te	NNS	The results are in and there is no better way to say this ... " Sarah reached for Philip 's hand and clasped it tightly .
te	NNS	Jess brushed a feather light kiss over her silky curls .
te	NN	The babble of voices from the market filled the air , shouts and calls echoing off the squat steel and plastic buildings .
te	NN	Believe me , your aunt would never align us .
te	NNS	The rocks were now becoming slick with the bear 's blood .
te	NNS	Two sheets of paper , the thinnest file he had ever seen in MI5 .
te	NNS	Her nails are a deep maroon .
te	NNS	Black pumps , red stilettos , tan patent leather sling backs , but none of them seemed right for that little black dress .
te	NN	Except for the one that Haruki sat on , the sofa where he had come back to life for the second time .
te	NNS	Footsteps shuffled behind me .
te	NN	His web made it impossible to concentrate , I couldn 't hold on , and then I couldn 't do anything . "
te	NNS	Even then there were too few guest halls , and that caused problems .
te	NN	His frown changed to a hard disappointed look .
te	NNS	The trolls exchanged glances through the mats of lichen , and one of them lost .
te	NNS	There are some crazies out there . "
te	NNS	Lucius and I were now at a major disadvantage .
te	NN	The passageway was lighted by a cold source , neither bright nor dim , and it carried the pale green hues of Merman design .
te	NNS	" Is deer meat good ? "
te	NNS	And , even then , only if appropriate security measures were in place .
te	NNS	" Even your jokes won 't cheer me up , if I got my one true love killed . "
te	NNS	The ornaments she wore sparkled but isn 't noticeable much , as her blissful countenance shined over , surpassing it .
te	NNS	Except for the states and major cities of distinction , all other cities and towns referred to herein are fictional and purely the invention of the author .
te	NN	A horn blared at the intersection and there was a shriek of brakes and burning rubber .
te	NN	Let the Lord be witness , Perrin 's having you on , the dishonest rogue ! '
te	NNS	And needless to say , that 's not the kind of thing that looks good on a girl 's permanent record .
te	NNS	The magical families owned corporations , and most major cities were divided into family territories .
te	NN	Anyone else would have done just as well .
te	NNS	Large boulders in crumbling patterns made maze like paths moving throughout the hill .
te	NN	Finally , the makeup artist declared herself finished and turned the chair around to face the men on the couch .
te	NN	Plus , your wardrobe isn 't exactly disputing the slut image . "
te	NNS	The students had all pulled up their sleeves , displaying their armbands for posterity .
te	NNS	Her chin quivers and I automatically feel like a jerk .
te	NNS	Tallis did the honorable thing .
te	NN	Another parent was asking after their child 's safety .
te	NN	The emblem on the front grille was of a wild horse running .
te	NNS	The visions I see and sense are from the past , like a recording that my mind plays back .
te	NNS	More rocks were below .
te	NNS	Aiden cleared his throat as he averted his gaze , brows raised .
te	NNS	Michaels took a step back , clenching his teeth .
te	NNS	" How did the assassins find Noelle unprotected ? "
te	NN	The soldier pulled a dagger out of some hidden pocket , lifted it toward the sky , ready to drive it down and end Dak 's life .
te	NNS	Michaels asked honestly , trying not to provoke the man with the gun .
te	NNS	' Thousands , perhaps six or seven thousand , ' replied General Hugo as his eyes scanned the encampment of their enemies .
te	NN	The temperature had dropped to a more normal eighty-five degrees , and the humidity was more bearable after the rain had come through last evening .
te	NNS	Jagged rocks winked in that bleeding moonlight , the clear puddles surrounding them rippling in the wind .
te	NN	The duo stepped forward .
te	NNS	Prometheus stopped his prayer and huddled the rest of his group inside .
te	NNS	The notes echoed and filled the room with their glory .
te	NNS	The truly dangerous talents really excelled when it came to learning those lessons .
te	NN	She moved closer , bathing the huddled , miserable child in her light , her compassion , the full force of her goodness .
te	NNS	The other students turned around , surprised , as if they had never noticed Timothy before .
te	NN	But the throb of pleasure was lessening , and a dull ache resumed its normal place in her chest .
te	NN	" Almost nobody knows what really happened .
te	NNS	" Facility computers , it appears that the EDU 's instructions are clear and if carried far enough , we can be perceived as a threat . "
te	NN	His thigh burned hers through the fabric of their pants .
te	NNS	Her brand-new tires blew ? "
te	NN	The pose did nothing for him .
te	NN	Her soft moan was all the permission he needed .
te	NN	A worried frown pinched her forehead but she nodded .
te	NN	Her heartbeat sounded loud in her ears in the quiet emptiness of her bedroom .
te	NNS	The front tires skated across the asphalt in the opposite direction , coming to rest pointed toward the street .
te	NN	The trunk of the Dead Tree reached the clouds , possibly the stars .
te	NNS	' When they start shooting rocks at us , their assault troops are likely to start massing up behind the engines .
te	NN	The space cruiser he was travelling in had numerous halls such as this one , each with a vast capacity .
te	NN	If ye must know , the poor fella is desperate shy .
te	NN	Amber looked at their hands , noticed a torn cloth in his fist .
te	NNS	Even though I was still trying to calm myself down , my limbs hummed with adrenaline , which made me jittery .
te	NNS	The branches had burnt off and only a smoking stump leaned towards the kids .
te	NN	His rhythm quickened and I knew he was unable to hold back much longer .
te	NNS	The branches broke our fall .
te	NNS	The statues came into view .
te	NN	The effect was unsettling .
te	NNS	" It is what is taught to us , the priests tell us what the Bible says and we obey . "
te	NNS	His bones cracked and popped in complaint , so he was forced to go a bit slower .
te	NNS	" My scientists claimed it would work .
te	NNS	" Many bad decisions have I made , but none worse .
te	NNS	Your swords are thick and strong and straight .
te	NNS	Now his bones lay rotting in the ground .
te	NNS	In the old days numbers runners used the business pages in the newspapers .
te	NN	The Walk of Shame " I knew I was in trouble when I woke up and Luke Skywalker was staring back at me . "
te	NN	Neil 's intention was to blend in as long as he could , so he opted to skip the tradition .
te	NNS	The teens blinked at him .
te	NNS	" All our fates will rest in his hands . "
te	NN	The lighting changes throughout the day and simulates the benefits of sunlight .
te	NN	" In the final days there was a rift between the people who used their powers for good and those who had chosen the service of evil .
te	NN	The basement - that 's where you 're going , and where I would have gone if I hadn 't handed you in . "
te	NNS	There were no homes back here , and the forest seemed to grow thicker and taller , the trees even older .
te	NN	A faint humming filled the room .
te	NNS	Political parties had conferences , doctors had conferences and even carpet cleaners had conferences but gangs ?
te	NN	Every member of the pack came forward to give her a hug and wish her well , Brett and Greta last of all .
te	NNS	My coworkers would always make fun of me .
te	NN	A wooden beam had buckled , letting loose the counterweight and lifting one poor beast of burden into the air .
te	NN	" The Queen will go with me , " the Witch announced in a deeply melodic voice .
te	NNS	There were troops sent into Russia via the northern polar religions and eastern Siberia .
te	NN	The effect was instant .
te	NNS	The witches were fighting for all they were worth , and the ones who could shift had done so .
te	NNS	The scents of the area came quickly , my brain categorizing them efficiently .
te	NNS	Not just any crystals - they had to be perfectly pure and faceted in a certain way .
te	NNS	The carvings , however , were not what caught her attention .
te	NNS	" There are ... talents ... that some people have , and some people don 't .
te	NN	Sex was just a biological function .
te	NNS	The notes call for candles and a silver knife .
te	NNS	Unlike back home in Atlanta , no fences of any kind delineated the unsafe zone .
te	NNS	The bullets couldn 't penetrate that safeguard .
te	NNS	The adults banded together , walked out of the gate and stared across the distance waiting for Scorch to announce the beginning of the snowball fight .
te	NNS	All three sisters stopped when they heard a loud buzzing sound approaching from the east side of the trail .
te	NNS	Iris finally brought the annoying argument to a halt by separating them as though they were children .
te	NN	The throne was exactly like the one in my vision of Tenochtitlan and most definitely belonged to Ah Chuy Kak .
te	NN	The sexiest sound Jax had ever heard .
te	NN	It was a warm afternoon , but clouds were building in the west , a breeze was picking up .
te	NNS	All the other mouse families had quietly moved into our home , surrounded the walls and filled in the doorway and hallway .
te	NNS	Did the dark circles under his eyes give him away ?
te	NNS	Unhealthy shades of blue , purple and black surrounded the monster 's eyes , and its face was covered in blood .
te	NNS	Focus on getting the men quieted down first so she could sit and rest her throbbing feet .
te	NNS	There were some winters when I almost ate me own shoes . "
te	NNS	Horses start to get a little belligerent if they haven 't been ridden for a few days . "
te	NNS	The photos were duly restrained ; they showed only as much as it was necessary .
te	NN	Panic rippled through her , shoving out all thoughts of their time together .
te	NN	The same hint of a smile formed on his face and lingered long after they arrived .
te	NN	The automated pronouncement came through an intercom speaker on the dash .
te	NNS	The nails on their fingertips glimmered blue in the half-light .
te	NNS	These buildings are as old as my father , probably older .
te	NNS	The earlier clouds had given way to a bright blue sky and the wind had dropped .
te	NNS	His head tips down as he looks at the book again , strands of his dark hair falling into his eyes .
te	NNS	But my elbows buckle .
te	NNS	Silently the troops snuck in making camp at the edge of the field as the moon shone brightly above them .
te	NN	A gasp arose from the collective audience .
te	NNS	And whose blood had the witches been drinking ?
te	NN	The rudder caught again and Garrett turned the wheel hard , knowing he had to rotate the boat quickly .
te	NNS	Butterflies started in his stomach , like it was the first time he 'd ever tried to kiss his lover .
te	NN	Thankfully the auxiliary lighting came to life ; Jason had obviously found the motor house .
te	NNS	The sharks noticed them break away from the pod and chased them down , but they were able to escape into the cave just in time .
te	NNS	Iris was the one who 'd explained that Ali had a secret boyfriend .
te	NN	Anyone who receives a gift feels obliged to reciprocate that kindness . '
te	NN	Maybe there 's a new project at work , maybe someone in the family gets sick , maybe you move or get laid off .
te	NN	By the time he emerged back into Grosvenor , sunlight was fading fast .
te	NN	The identification of Victim Number Two was by far the most bizarre .
te	NN	After all , if there were a shortage of something , why not just make more of it ?
te	NN	Surely , the amount of blood this man lost cannot have come from but a single man . "
te	NNS	" Wars have begun over less than this , Darkness .
te	NNS	The students slowly got up , grabbed their bags , and left the auditorium , still in a great state of confusion .
te	NNS	As the door swings open my hand drops to my side , and I try to hide my disappointment .
te	NN	Around this time , my spouse begged me to yield , but I was inflamed with a sense of persecution , injustice , and righteous indignation .
te	NNS	The superbly trained animals shifted nervously , but quietly .
te	NN	Fighting wasn 't our top priority ; our mission was to summon help , and I couldn 't contemplate the cost of failure .
te	NN	The carnival covered it all , from the backstop to the outfield fence .
te	NNS	His kindred spirits didn 't comment the fact he had one .
te	NN	Anyone else might be too , if they were eighteen hundred years old and a member of the Vampire Council .
te	NNS	Feelings that went wild as her breath fell against his nipple while she drew circles over his chest .
te	NN	The empty tumbler fell from his hand and rolled away , forgotten .
te	NNS	The dragons look like they ´ re all gone , slain by the Guardians .
te	NN	" Fighting , " I said , and then , confused , barely able to drive , I added , " is nice . "
te	NN	The wobble was a recent development .
te	NNS	" As you know , the dock workers obtained your financial records .
te	NNS	Doctors and other personnel were running and shouting as thirty former prisoners were dropped off in their emergency department .
te	NNS	There were so many different colored plants that painted the land .
te	NN	" If we use bronze and employ laser sculptors , not long , " the scientist smiled .
te	NNS	The splotches could mean only one thing .
te	NNS	Around him were broken headstones , shattered by the lightning bolts and the branches and wicked wind .
te	NNS	When he was done the units reunited and explained what had happened to each other .
te	NNS	Emily stepped back , her limbs suddenly stone .
te	NNS	The far-off mountains , the places without people , are my home . "
te	NNS	The remains of a white fir lay embedded by the side of the road , bark calcified like the bones of some prehistoric animal .
te	NNS	" The prisons , " Lucas butted in .
te	NN	" A fungus maybe ? "
te	NN	The white streak peeks through .
te	NNS	The little groups reconvened themselves , and the idle chitchat of folks waiting against their wishes continued .
te	NN	Their closeness wasn 't something she took for granted , but seeing it captured so beautifully made her see it anew for what it was .
te	NNS	The troops all filed through the chow line and walked into the dining area where Paul and Amanda sat .
te	NN	At best , the random boulder would hide one or two bodies .
te	NN	There was a small flame dancing in darkness on the porch of the inn .
te	NN	Even his own kin cannot know half so much , the rest of our comrades , even less so . "
te	NN	The corridor opened into a bright lounge area that was modestly furnished in typical holiday cottage style .
te	NN	My attraction to him was growing by the day , and he had always been honest and loyal and good .
te	NNS	Vimes moved on quickly , just in case the man drew those swords again , and ran up against a slightly more reassuring figure .
te	NN	The argument with my father was as fresh on my mind as it was when I 'd left his quarters .
te	NNS	The three cookie sheets could all go in and cook together at the current temperature , so I placed them in the oven .
te	NN	The pawnshop has a basement , sort of , which is unusual in Texas .
te	NNS	The hearts of his soldiers melted .
te	NNS	There were thick shrubs , some with big , glossy leaves , and tall palm trees .
te	NN	The bus was pulling away .
te	NNS	The workers were glad to erase all traces of the hated Vacca from the mine forever .
te	NNS	Just as I had thought , there were columns of figures , some references to site plans and times neatly printed in the margins .
te	NNS	Butterflies erupted in my belly .
te	NN	But my aunt did draw blood from her attacker .
te	NN	The traffic cone , Helen thought .
te	NN	The t-shirt bunched slightly under the arms , but not so much that you 'd notice .
te	NN	Panic had run rampant in my family that day .
te	NNS	Tess sat alongside her sister and rubbed small circles into her lower back .
te	NNS	Broken limbs and twigs lay scattered on the ground nearby .
te	NNS	Fireworks , animals woven of fire and women dancing with flames .
te	NNS	My workout gloves were falling apart at the seams , literally .
te	NN	How much longer is your shift ?
te	NNS	Footsteps echoed behind me .
te	NN	Perhaps your hue is more than an innocent pigment .
te	NNS	Her trainers grew wet with dew .
te	NNS	Heads were turning in the lobby .
te	NNS	Barbara 's shrieks were brief , but tore at McCall 's conscience as he heard her being eaten alive .
te	NN	Though this facility was in the countryside , somebody may have heard the gunfire or the explosion and called the police .
te	NNS	Friends and colleagues engaged in conversation and well wishing .
te	NN	But the last bomb landed maybe fifty yards behind us .
te	NNS	Zeus nodded quickly , " No , it 'll work . "
te	NN	The bus drove from the M6 towards Windermere .
te	NNS	The feds knows that you hired the X Women .
te	NN	" Your majesty ... what is this ? "
te	NN	Most likely a side effect that Adolf put to particular use against the sprites . "
te	NNS	Eros gave a sheepish grin .
te	NNS	Our scientists had tried splicing alien and human DNA to create halflings , but it simply couldn 't be done .
te	NNS	Doctors don 't always understand about dignity , and they do so love to play with their stupid machines .
te	NNS	Little rivulets of blood trickled down his neck .
te	NNS	Faces appeared in the window of the defensive tower by the citadel entrance .
te	NN	But somebody else might be able to explain why most people fled and one in a hundred decided to do battle .
te	NNS	My limbs froze as I stared with horror at the growing inferno .
te	NNS	" The perks are nice . "
te	NNS	Besides , the last generation quantum computers were the ideal support .
te	NNS	Rules imposed by Sofie , and I dare not cross that fiery woman .
te	NNS	Thousands had flocked to revivals to hear him shout the word and heal the sick .
te	NNS	Jess was right ; she 'd been right all along .
te	NNS	The fires of sensual hunger became a blazing heat of a different kind .
te	NNS	The wheels turned slowly as they crunched on the gravel .
te	NNS	Plus the lads so far hadn 't actually done anything .
te	NN	A big huge bell rang in a dark tower .
te	NNS	But bad habits are hard to break .
te	NN	Her body 's temperature began to lower and the shaking settled .
te	NN	Judging by the evidence of their bloodshot eyes and wan faces , the crew had made good use of their leave .
te	NNS	Clubs waved a dismissive hand , turning to hobble toward the stairs .
te	NNS	The lads are busting a gut and a hungry soldier is a mutinous one .
te	NNS	" Do demons play human games ? "
te	NN	The rhythm went through his body so that he shuddered with the pleasure of it .
te	NNS	The city buildings rose up , reaching past where I could see , monsters of gray stone and cement .
te	NN	There 's a photo of flowers on the screen .
te	NN	Next there were the shopkeeper and the blacksmith and the local constable -- Hope Underhill had recently acquired its own .
te	NNS	And even though some things end , endings are just doors closing so that new doors can open , right ?
te	NN	A scuffling and a thump sounded from above .
te	NN	The open desert 's perfect . "
te	NNS	Iris draw the horses back , tying the ropes around the strong limb of a tree .
te	NN	A bloom of red appeared on Ethan 's cheeks .
te	NNS	The ' bots folded their guns away .
te	NNS	But his old instructors had trained snipers for the battlefield , not for urban crime .
te	NN	With a small grunt Meg heaved herself out of her chair , the frying pan still clutched in her hand .
te	NNS	Cyrus shut my door for me and joined me moments later .
te	NNS	But there were countless exceptions .
te	NNS	In part , his concerns seemed to be borne out .
te	NNS	The records here are careful to the penny .
te	NNS	As he watched , three droplets drew together and trickled down Ben 's face to the pillow .
te	NNS	Iris was flipping through The Basics of Light Magic as though she were looking for a specific page .
te	NNS	The early morning sun peeked through the smallest openings between the buildings , brilliant rays shined between them .
te	NNS	Tess nodded confidently , although it seemed to her a broken leg was the very least she could expect .
te	NNS	Instead , the earthly armies reacted in confusion .
te	NNS	By now there were workers all around the car , and several hidden behind the upturned frame .
te	NNS	Personal computers , mobile phones , video game consoles , manufactured supplies all dwindled and became scarce for no apparent reason .
te	NN	A low hum from the bottom of her throat escaped her lips and sent me spiraling out of control .
te	NN	Each bowl was stuffed full of raw produce , the kinds of things I had helped pick during the harvest season but been forbidden to eat .
te	NNS	The steep mountains were so large that they disappeared into the clouds .
te	NN	The physical attraction was obvious .
te	NN	His uniform was tidy and clean , his cap settled squarely on his head .
te	NN	Everybody else , stay .
te	NNS	Reacting slowly , his senses find he is standing in an entirely new setting .
te	NNS	Angus drew his sword .
te	NN	My lawn has been dead for weeks . "
te	NN	There was a rattle from a beaded curtain , somewhere nearby , and then silence .
te	NN	Their little girl Joan was going to have to be one sturdy kid .
te	NN	And one ghost member that hardly anyone sees , that would be Vicar Rosary who is the head of the Council .
te	NNS	The groups watched them as they passed .
te	NNS	Solar panels aligned the roof generating a moderate amount of electricity -- enough to power the lights if needed .
te	NNS	My sisters and I used to do each other 's hair for hours . "
te	NNS	Leo 's senses returned to him once they were within the canyon walls and he managed to move on his own .
te	NNS	The two fighters were stronger than the others .
te	NNS	Like nerves in a freshly killed body .
te	NN	An odd , twisting thud that I felt mostly in my feet , as if the entire building had suddenly dropped three feet .
te	NNS	The silk ropes pressed her against his back as they encircled his chest .
te	NNS	Her brows shot up as she glanced around .
te	NNS	" How are you braves doing ?
te	NN	Silence hung in the air as the world seemed to hold its breath .
te	NNS	" Good heavens , Mary Jane Mayfair , slow down ! "
te	NN	' Your mask , ' he tapped at his face .
te	NN	An entity like the servant but towering drifted into the room .
te	NN	After an hour of near silence , knowing these would be my last moments with Cy , the clicking under my fingers ceased .
te	NN	A comet that had been accelerating inside my belly decided it was ready to crash into Earth .
te	NN	A gasp jerked my head around to find Tory with her eyes wide opened .
te	NNS	Demons have a hatred for humankind unlike any other created thing . "
te	NN	Why would any parent convince their child not to strive for what she wanted ?
te	NNS	Tess sat self-consciously still as the steward opened a bottle of champagne for them .
te	NNS	The princess yelped despite herself .
te	NNS	" Those prophecies state an abundance of Hybrid births .
te	NNS	Only two vehicles were behind her , and both seemed content to continue up the mountain at a leisurely pace .
te	NNS	The scientists and officers share anxious looks .
te	NN	The fae moved her arms and body as gracefully as the wind through the branches of a tree .
te	NNS	Justus climbed up the ramp .
te	NNS	The sensations were too fierce and hot , too vivid compared to the numbness she 'd lived with since she left him .
te	NNS	In Tiger stories all that matters is how strong your teeth are , how you hunt and how you kill .
te	NNS	Inside , the dishes in the sink were starting to smell foul , but otherwise nothing had changed .
te	NNS	These observations occurred in the moment before I looked again at the fallen man .
te	NNS	Ship 's records associate it with certain psychic phenomena - faith healing , for example . "
te	NNS	Her calves were cramping .
te	NN	" The original broke long ago .
te	NN	Clearly , that assumption sat somewhere to the left of reality .
te	NNS	Eventually this wildness between us will fade and your sexual needs will call for you .
te	NNS	My nerves grow to excitement , thinking of their language and culture .
te	NNS	Tom 's brows furrowed and he said , " Maybe they made a mistake .
te	NNS	Visions of Clare lying on that table flashed before my eyes .
te	NNS	" All the scientists do .
te	NNS	Long winters weren 't something she thought much about after years of living in Southern California .
te	NN	And the summer holiday had only just started !
te	NNS	Aquarius took notice and brought it to Samara 's attention with a nod and a glance .
te	NN	Quicker than it took him to even realize what was happening , an eagle entered his view , swooped in on Misty and tried to grab her .
te	NN	Filled with street toughs , guards , and soldiers , the atmosphere , the air of machismo and barely contained hostility , was comforting .
te	NNS	The back tires rotated over the solid surface for only a split second before gripping the cold concrete and launching the car forward .
te	NN	A chocolate shake ? "
te	NN	For a moment , the howling of the wind quieted , and Savannah stared in silence at what lay before her .
te	NN	The amusement faded into a shrewd look .
te	NN	Their brass knuckles shined in the weak starlight , and their chuckles froze my blood .
te	NNS	Claire 's limbs felt heavy as she walked over to the desk .
te	NN	But fate was never my friend .
te	NNS	Jennings stood up , stretching his back , thinking about breakfast and a shower , not that the water ever got cold .
te	NN	A member of my firm saw you .
te	NNS	Lois stayed underneath a machine near the conveyor belt .
te	NNS	" Whenever that happens , " Cassandra murmured , " the voodoo priestess is always the first suspect . "
te	NN	Or did a hint of his old friend remain buried deep within the killer ?
te	NNS	Cyrus never answered the questions that Dr. Z presented to the class , but he asked at least a dozen of his own .
te	NN	Her aunt pressed her fingers to her trembling lips .
te	NN	His ex-wife was suing for one hundred million .
te	NN	" The jet stamp comes with perks .
te	NN	A groan escaped his lips .
te	NNS	Something bulky moved across a cleft in the boulders topping the promontory .
te	NNS	Usually , the visions flowed through her to appear as a floating hieroglyphic that she could decipher later .
te	NN	" And the last physical sighting of him was in Spain two years ago . "
te	NNS	The barriers keeping the Realities whole and bound together are fragmenting , breaking apart .
te	NNS	The front tires splashed mud as we chugged along .
te	NNS	Zeus closed his eyes .
te	NN	This new , more reserved Maggie Young was hard to get used to at times .
te	NNS	These demons may have been able to cast spells , but they were no fighters .
te	NNS	The three ridges of his forehead had elegant turns .
te	NNS	His dimples flashed at her as he smiled charmingly , and she forgot why she felt angry .
te	NN	The toad hung up the phone without listening for a reply from Ivan .
te	NNS	The massive Ares sat in the middle of the formation , flanked by nine frigates and six cruisers .
te	NNS	The alarms started to turn off .
te	NNS	The mounted troops were reorganizing and this opportunity was quickly fading .
te	NNS	Dolores sat down and leaned forward .
te	NN	Silence was settling over the castle .
te	NNS	Julia 's suitcases tumbled onto the circular belt , followed by his own bag .
te	NNS	Footsteps down the hall had me grabbing handfuls of other supplies and shoving them into my hat .
te	NNS	Sydney 's warnings echoed back to me , about not going crazy with spirit use , but I pushed on anyway .
te	NN	The lump in her throat made it difficult to speak , but Josh deserved to know the truth .
te	NN	In a weak voice , the maiden asked ' But what if I drink too much ? '
te	NNS	His elbows dug farther into the bed and his mouth dropped open with a ragged grunt .
te	NN	Panic pierces my heart .
te	NN	His countenance , always forbidding and dark , had settled into one of stone .
te	NN	She shook her head , disbelief clouding her beautiful green eyes .
te	NNS	If Sabine had it in her , there were hints that , soon , she would think she didn 't do so badly .
te	NN	Silence fell , but the moment visitors were about to talk , the patient said : " Did you come here for an autograph ? "
te	NN	Though his words were calm , his heartbeat galloped in her ear .
te	NN	" Folk going missing .
te	NNS	There were three separate dead bolts on the door , Joe noticed , and two chains .
te	NNS	His tires ground on the gravel at the side of the road as he turned around .
te	NNS	Thank heavens there had been medical help on-site .
te	NN	" He fought her tooth and nail , " the man 's companion agreed .
te	NNS	But if that were the case , there were official channels to go through that would legitimize her work .
te	NN	The communications ' technician said , " Answer returned and reads : ALL WELL . "
te	NNS	Ours is a world of order .
te	NN	Everybody was talking about Mary Jane Mayfair .
te	NN	The surrounding jungle was a blur as he raced through it .
te	NNS	Chart stats didn 't come close to capturing the magnetism of the man .
te	NNS	The mists began to clear .
te	NNS	And if the timing were bad , the ants would sense Hailey was weakened as she laid her eggs .
te	NN	A chill ran through my spine and down to my toes , tingling as though I 'd sat on them for too long .
te	NNS	There were circles under her eyes and a streak of mud across her cheek , but she hadn 't complained once through the entire march .
te	NN	My friend Debbie thinks he 's a hunk . "
te	NNS	In the week before Christmas , families made up presents themselves , and went to Church .
te	NNS	" Good afternoon gentlemen , I am Nathan Taylor , most recently of Fort Meade , Maryland . "
te	NNS	A deer jumped out in front of the car and he swerved , lost control and hit a ditch .
te	NN	Could worship of God , even in this routine fashion , really be worse than not worshipping at all , as the Movement would have it ?
te	NN	Almost nobody understands how banks work .
te	NNS	Zeus immediately set to work getting dinner ready and they made small talk as they waited for it to cook .
te	NN	The gravity was too low , the atmosphere was too thin , the temperatures were too extreme .
te	NNS	" My sisters and I weren 't close .
te	NNS	The bullets did not do much harm to the gigantic creatures at all .
te	NNS	The walkways were wet and there was no dust to be raised , but he would have certainly raised some if there had been any .
te	NNS	All the possible endings were too sad , too final .
te	NN	Panic crept into her chest as her eyes scanned the area , and her ears strained to catch any unusual sounds .
te	NNS	Demons are not void of emotion .
te	NN	The concert flew by , in an amazing blur .
te	NN	Then , before he had time to take a step , the bushes parted and a wolf rushed him .
te	NN	The slope of the rocks stretched far above and the procession kept spiraling downward .
te	NN	This insulation of his higher brain functions allowed him to take things in stride when normally he might have lost it .
te	NN	Nobody knows when my birthday is . "
te	NNS	Was he timing her ?
te	NNS	There were parties all over the city that night for the Jesuit graduates .
te	NNS	Michaels was panting with effort .
te	NN	fascinating and I did leave the room every time you changed , your dignity is intact ! "
te	NN	The Pastor , who had returned and had heard the last of Jake 's tirade , spoke .
te	NNS	The winters will only grow longer and colder .
te	NN	The hum rose to a piercing pitch , every ounce of energy in the forest vibrated under its power .
te	NN	The axe struck the white , wet , stony waterfall , and smashed through the drip of millennia .
te	NNS	" Friends don 't touch each other like he was touching you . "
te	NN	His Noise is sincere , truthful .
te	NN	Reading Ash 's text , sent a completely different set of emotions through me - confusion , anxiety , hope , and pure lust .
te	NNS	Gladys began to quake and the veins of the Devil 's control slipped out of her .
te	NN	My heartbeat picks up .
te	NN	The Fair Folk are an old people ; we do not make hasty decisions but first wait to see in what direction the wind blows . "
te	NN	" And nobody knows .
te	NNS	Most witches never ascended to those heights .
te	NN	Its muzzle and neck were massive , thick with muscle .
te	NNS	The first floor 's charred remains looked like they had last seen it .
te	NNS	There were desks and papers , computers and chairs like you 'd find in a regular office .
te	NN	The kaleidoscope of these scenes , spinning between each other and shifting into each other brought every attempt at ordered meditation to confusion .
te	NN	That newspaper was my only lead . "
te	NNS	" You don 't look so good , " Clubs noted , sitting .
te	NN	Her remark obviously shocked him , aid Maryellen felt she had to explain herself .
te	NN	The old abandoned platform was in total darkness .
te	NN	Her moan had him glancing up .
te	NN	The reprimand irritated her as much as it frightened her .
te	NN	His glare melted into one of curiosity as he recognised the unusual glitter of her eyes and saw her face contorted in disdain .
te	NN	Rain was streaming down the glass .
te	NNS	Clouds covered the sky and Hiro glanced at them warily before scanning the area .
te	NN	An alley provides access for the home 's garages .
te	NN	Mandi 's cocky confidence suddenly made her feel a bit awkward and thankfully Marshall came up and saved her .
te	NNS	Upon finishing the wiring , the two assistants came back to the command truck and climbed inside the driver 's compartment .
te	NN	And , rumor has it , there 's an Essential ceremony this Sunday night , starring you and Wesley .
te	NN	His loud groan reverberated off his bedroom walls .
te	NN	" What was your other grandfather like ? "
te	NNS	Tess stepped back and eyed her warily .
te	NNS	" Rules are for other people . "
te	NNS	Maintenance shaft hatches were near the elevator .
te	NN	Let Adam counsel me ?
te	NNS	Soon , too , there were accompanying phrases , usually revolving around words like ' Kingdom ' , ' Prevail ' and ' Power ' .
te	NN	Her gait was quite intense , clearly on a mission to entertain her guests .
te	NNS	Cyrus gave me his lopsided grin and waved his ever present cell phone in the air next to his head .
te	NN	' What does eye colour have to do with anything ? '
te	NN	A thunderclap overhead punctuated the word , and the rain fell harder .
te	NNS	All the popular Valkyrie princesses tended to stick together .
te	NN	and the prisoner looked up , surprised at the compliment .
te	NN	Until she was old enough , there was a portable crib in there , but that was long since gone .
te	NN	His groin nestled into the vee of her legs and his erection grew , swelling with need as he found a warm and welcoming home .
te	NNS	" Dead languages , " Eve said .
te	NNS	The other dragons were closing in .
te	NN	" Your university sent you .
te	NN	However there was an unspoken agreement within the group of friends that nothing would be said about it to the Duke .
te	NNS	" What treasures have you liberated today ? "
te	NNS	Shadows were after you ; I saw them myself .
te	NNS	But the shutters were still .
te	NNS	The knights flinched , throwing up their arms to protect their faces , and Ash lunged into their midst .
te	NN	" Your Lordship ... . . "
te	NNS	Without really being aware , major news organizations through their own volition have evolved into nothing more than propaganda machines .
te	NN	I scanned the area once more and drank in the sight of our stalwart Baobab tree , its entirety had erupted in flames .
te	NNS	Feral possessiveness drove him as his marauding tongue swept into her mouth , over and over , sliding sensuously against hers .
te	NNS	The occasional shrieks of agony or ecstasy was the sole evidence to disprove the theory .
te	NN	His hat had fallen off and had landed in the dirt .
te	NN	A beautiful beaded curtain hung in the frame , and soft candlelight came from within .
te	NNS	Road maps , with their unruly lines , and topographical ones with rings upon rings circling the sunken paper mountains like the inside of an ancient tree .
te	NNS	Footsteps and the sound of crunching leaves caught his attention .
te	NNS	The console 's insides were full of electronic gear ; must be way more gear than was necessary for a videoconference unit .
te	NN	Her shrewd appraisal made Graham nervous and he shuffled his feet like a child being scrutinized by a displeased parent .
te	NNS	My little conferences had become red carpet affairs .
te	NNS	Gray velvet gloves lay beside it , figured with a pattern of leaves in silver thread .
te	NN	The hall clock struck the hour of seven as Nick entered the dining room .
te	NNS	Eros looked even more uncomfortable .
te	NNS	( Lights down ) Birthday and Movie Scenes E 2 ( As an announcer from off ) : Today is Megan Porter 's birthday .
te	NN	In those days there was not much insulation just boards on the walls .
te	NN	His knuckles turned white gripping the cigar .
te	NN	Every potential client had received a professionally done packet touting the exploits of the newest King of Torts .
te	NN	In his bedroom was a beautiful long , burgundy and gold frame sofa that faced the window .
te	NN	" Why would the Little Folk do such a thing ? "
te	NNS	His coworkers were either talking shop or playing video games .
te	NNS	" There are purple green beans .
te	NNS	Those snotty students had made sure Sabrina knew she was not one of them .
te	NNS	Jess dove right after her and met her beneath the water .
te	NNS	Unable to bat away so many arrows fired at once , Link jerks on the reigns to duck down a side alley .
te	NNS	" The new battlefield modifications of the pods seem to be working as engineered .
te	NNS	Tess was oblivious to this , gasping for breath .
te	NN	The crew abandoned their seats and eagerly shouted to people in the other vessels and on shore .
te	NNS	Iris asked , holding the dagger on her hands .
te	NN	" When a vampire takes blood from live prey , the vamp can tap into that person 's memories . "
te	NNS	Demon mating rituals were a complicated and highly regarded process .
te	NNS	Not the normal , soft sounds animals made , but more a cry of alarm .
te	NN	Nobody can tie you down .
te	NNS	He shrugged , his brows arched high on his forehead .
te	NNS	Thousands of people pour in and out of the Islands ; this is the most populated spot in the universe .
te	NNS	The gold flecks in his forest green eyes shimmered with playfulness .
te	NN	The ship 's crew celebrated things , too , but it was ... different .
te	NN	Got a text from Sam a minute ago : " Wish I was there with you !
te	NNS	Zeus and Cadmus walked the cobblestone streets of Olympus , speaking in earnest .
te	NNS	Their usual methods weren 't working this time .
te	NN	Today the topic of discussion was : Previous lovers .
te	NN	The soldier held a cloth to his head ; blood streamed down from beneath the compress .
te	NNS	They scrambled back around the corner and the man in rags followed slowly , his limbs torn and corrupted by a disease that showed no mercy .
te	NN	So the argument began .
te	NN	Their meaning evaded him however , and he was left at a loss as to what they had to do with him .
te	NN	Then the jet disappeared .
te	NN	The motel attendant gave David a curious stare and cupped his hands on the glass to get a better view .
te	NN	The stairway was green with fluorescent light , and we came down into a room lit only by emergency lights .
te	NNS	Goose bumps raised along her skin .
te	NNS	His animal senses picked up on it with an eerie accuracy .
te	NNS	The views were spectacular , every way she looked .
te	NN	The pregnancy would not have been a mistake on her part .
te	NNS	Life readings not doing so well .
te	NNS	" These vacation homes are good jobs .
te	NNS	From top drawer to bottom , the charts were in order west to east , north to south , covering the whole Baltic area .
te	NNS	There were deep smudges underneath Lauren 's eyes , and she looked much thinner than the last time Callie had seen her .
te	NNS	The physicians here say you got lucky .
te	NN	Nobody cheats on my daughter . "
te	NN	There was singing , dancing , and more food .
te	NN	" The prize is mine .
te	NN	The rejection stung , but he bit his tongue , not wanting to start an argument .
te	NN	" The outhouse probably rotted away a long time ago , but if it 's still around then that 's where it 'll be . "
te	NN	The gravity on Mars is like one third of Earth 's .
te	NN	The wagon was already a hundred yards away .
te	NNS	Jess joked as she playfully slapped Ash on the shoulder and broke our gaze at one another .
te	NNS	There 's fresh towels hanging up , and you can use whatever 's in the shower . "
te	NN	My stomach fluttered and my pulse raced .
te	NNS	Afterward , the candles were lit , cushions were spread through the house , and I sat shiva for a week .
te	NN	His file is clean and unremarkable except for one handwritten comment , which reads , ' Selected . '
te	NNS	There 're whole wheels of plans that they 're setting in motion now that neither of us know about .
te	NNS	The looming sensations of oblivion I felt from this city were downright worrisome .
te	NN	Jenny 's grandfather declared emphatically .
te	NNS	The neighbours fell over themselves , all talking simultaneously , trying to explain what happened .
te	NNS	" Are princesses allowed to look like hell ? "
te	NNS	" Doctors handing out sedatives to unsuspecting patients sounds like a good moment to me . "
te	NNS	Two long , heavy guns protruded from the front of chopper below bulbous black windows that looked like giant eyes .
te	NN	The whole Doyle clan has been members since prohibition .
te	NN	The atmosphere felt tense , as though it could almost be cut with a knife .
te	NN	The doorbell rang but he stayed where he was .
te	NNS	The new troops had heard about an instructor that could do impossible things , a legend in the Marine Corp. .
te	NNS	In the fluorescent light , the circles under his eyes look like bruises .
te	NNS	His dark brows , including his beautiful eyebrow scar , arched .
te	NN	The kidnap of the child of an extremist would start the ball rolling , and then the bargaining would begin .
te	NN	A server , male and middle-aged , showed up at once .
te	NNS	The single sun was bright but not scorching , there were no bugs .
te	NN	What the heck was wrong with Noah ?
te	NNS	" All those wings are so beautiful . "
te	NN	A baseball swing tore another one nearly in half .
te	NN	Nikolai was silent , his jet eyes flicking over Sebastian 's face as he considered .
te	NNS	Jess gave off a very strong , steady beat , the blood moving through his body with an ebb and flow that suggested power .
te	NN	Panic and rage fill me .
te	NNS	His diamond wings fold inward and again he glances back , like he can sense us .
te	NNS	Lois gleefully pulled out her checkbook and maneuvered around several chairs as she made her way to the back of the room .
te	NNS	The mice , rather more than a dozen of them , scampered about in the mesh .
te	NNS	The coolness in her voice told him that he had offended her .
te	NNS	" Your wings , they 're black , very strange . "
te	NN	The feeding of the poor had never been an easy task , but this time it was worse than ever .
te	NN	" My clan will say nothing .
te	NN	There Varia 's throne sat , even higher than Dorian 's dining room throne .
te	NNS	The towels we used for washing ourselves were hanging on a line alongside the creek on the other side of the horses .
te	NN	" Her tracking device went off-line . "
te	NN	The shuttle already up there will reenter at the same time .
te	NN	Fall was here and Rosemary was peaceful again .
te	NNS	Of course they 're gon na win , the judges have already decided I bet ! "
te	NNS	Jess could feel the trembling of her slender body .
te	NN	The reception of the package seemed cloak and dagger like watching a scene from Mission Impossible .
te	NNS	During those days the two most prosperous businesses in those parts was the sheriff 's office and the undertaker .
te	NNS	Hunters cut him down . "
te	NNS	Dolores shivered , more in the joining than physically .
te	NNS	Light crystals lined the edge of a centre ring , bathing the water in their faint blue light .
te	NNS	In the walls were holes .
te	NN	" My client is here .
te	NNS	Visions of my brother and sister vied for prominence in my thoughts against visions of my mother .
te	NN	A hunting rifle is slung across his back .
te	NN	The milk chocolate gaze that I sometimes see there is gone .
te	NN	In the near distance was the medical tent , just under two hundred yards away .
te	NN	Nobody was sure , but that didn 't stop the other kids from whispering .
te	NN	Luckily that cruiser had been sitting there and they took him in before he could do much damage .
te	NNS	Thick leather gloves protruded from his pocket .
te	NN	A host of black riders guarded it as they moved along under the moonlight , inside was a person who held great meaning to them .
te	NNS	Ours is but to live or to die . "
te	NNS	" What are the odds , huh ?
te	NNS	Except for McClellan , Jr. , who was blond , all the executives looked exactly alike .
te	NN	The cruise , by sheer coincidence , introduced Garcia to the only part of the family that he had knew of but never met .
te	NN	" Your mum and I are so proud . "
te	NNS	There were notes about his progress in learning to read , and his interest in art .
te	NNS	Humans did not come near these parts , and the gods never knocked .
te	NN	The exterior reminds me of a palace I once saw in a picture .
te	NN	The atmosphere in the ship flew outwards and thinned out into the nebula .
te	NN	There was a straw mat in one corner with a tub of water and a stool next to it .
te	NNS	These sandwiches are delicious , Kadie . "
te	NN	A collective gasp surrounded the arena .
te	NNS	Emotions of any kind were not fun to deal with .
te	NNS	More gore splattered to the floor and Marty screamed in a way that would haunt my nightmares .
te	NN	A trifling expense to her was an almost unthinkable extravagance to him .
te	NN	The lap drawer contained some loose change , paper clips , half a dozen pens , and a ruler .
te	NNS	The reactions of the other pilots told their own tale .
te	NN	There was always somebody in the church praying ; day and night , summer and winter .
te	NNS	" My shorts , " I prompt , knowing I 'm dangerously close to giving in to my need of him .
te	NNS	All Navy personnel clear the blast area .
te	NNS	My nerves are back again .
te	NN	" Ah , but what a price you , ve paid for it . "
te	NNS	Their finances were unclear , downright shaky , according to one unnamed source , and throughout the article the name of Bennett Van Horn was never mentioned .
te	NN	Silence stretched on for several moments before he sat next to her .
te	NN	Anyone that 's not you only comes into your mind when you have the inkling to show off .
te	NNS	Since the word is derived from an island that did not exist on the Discworld , the wizards had never heard of a bikini .
te	NNS	Rules , rules , rules !
te	NNS	' There are many accounts .
te	NN	While she was trying to keep the stallion as calm as possible , the first competitor was ready to go into the big ring .
te	NNS	" Well , the next time Angus has business in London ... " " Yes , yes . "
te	NN	As they neared the top , a moan wafted from the litter suspended below him .
te	NN	" Anyone want a sandwich ? "
te	NN	No amount of water and soap could wash off the dirtiness I felt .
te	NNS	The vines thrashed through the air as the trees teetered side to side slowly closing in on us .
te	NNS	Instead of driving us to the floor and ripping us to shreds , the demons deflect off the shield .
te	NN	And the waiter practically appeared in a puff .
te	NN	My genie had outdone herself today .
te	NN	" So this hypothetical admirer just decided he 'd given Angel a hard time ? "
te	NNS	Our enemies are fighting for their very lives !
te	NNS	And the three sentries screamed just like the others .
te	NNS	His attacks were overwhelming the automaton .
te	NNS	Are illusions like ghosts or something ?
te	NN	The crypt was a forgotten , lonely monument , housing a dismal shape of clay , impotent , discarded .
te	NN	But the sorrow on his face convinces me he loved his wife as well .
te	NNS	The visions came whenever he thought of Mat or Perrin , and Rand had stopped dismissing them .
te	NN	Such research made him feel closer to his parents .
te	NNS	Of course , the challenges of planning and publishing an anthology are tremendous .
te	NN	The hum of the open line cut off , and from outside , the mower quit .
te	NNS	The French royals make promises that they do not intend to keep .
te	NNS	Thousands of candles turned the dusk to daylight .
te	NNS	These damp mornings are playing havoc with my spark plugs .
te	NNS	As Colin grew older and matured , their son 's seemingly easy accomplishments , his determination and aggressive competitive streak set him up as a target .
te	NNS	" No thieves are welcome in my home !
te	NNS	The French dragons recoiled from the fireballs dropping into their faces , fouling their smooth line .
te	NNS	Lucius didn 't remove his arms from me .
te	NN	A chill crept through the room , penetrating her clothing and coating her skin with cold .
te	NN	Our grandfather and my adopted grandfather came through times that made them the men they are .
te	NNS	Its waste products are water vapour and trace inert gases , so those pipes would be an impossible means to enter the city .
te	NN	The welcoming ambiance however greatly contrasted with the developing events that took place in the hallways of the hotel .
te	NNS	These attitudes belie the significant strides made by science in the last century .
te	NN	" Nothing serious , " the nurse promised .
te	NN	" The hex is going nuts . "
te	NNS	The shingles , once a cedar red , had aged to the color of driftwood , silvery soft .
te	NN	The skull partially covered in wasted tissue turned on its own so that the shriveled , rotting eyes looked directly at Mommy .
te	NNS	However our long nights together and intensive work schedule created something of a bond between us .
te	NNS	This time though , the men and their horses rode through it , shields raised to protect their faces .
te	NN	His cowboy hat rested slightly forward , shading his face .
te	NN	His sudden indignation would be funny if she didn 't feel so sad .
te	NN	The chart on the screen depicted the direction of solar radiation , as well as its range .
te	NNS	There were often conferences on Saturdays and Sundays , so I could have worked too had I stayed in the city .
te	NNS	Students weren 't the only ones here tonight .
te	NN	She had wanted to leave , only fate hadn 't been kind to her .
te	NNS	The scientists had left .
te	NN	Even worse , this assignment had the potential to blow up in her face and undermine the senator 's trust in her .
te	NNS	The assassins would not differentiate between them .
te	NN	Silence fell over us for a moment .
te	NNS	Jess looked up from the paper , her eyes wide .
te	NN	A small amount of blood found its way into my mouth and ran down my throat .
te	NN	The crack had been the wind wresting the door from his grasp and slamming it against the exterior wall .
te	NNS	Military rounds , fully jacketed in metal , would not smash and deform as easily as bullets of simple lead .
te	NNS	Almost immediately Carol 's spirits lifted and she placed the wrapper from her breakfast inside the paper sack .
te	NNS	Well , there were other veins .
te	NN	A tiny gasp escaped her throat at the sight of the bleeding knuckles on his right hand .
te	NN	The shopkeeper came towards the counter of the shop , and continued : ' You can give me all the money you 've got if you like .
te	NN	The zipper was stiff .
te	NNS	Low stretches of weeds , grassy equivalents of Hitler 's mustache , bristled in the cracks between the curb and sidewalk .
te	NN	The clock ticked on the desk .
te	NNS	There 's nothing heroic about this war .
te	NNS	What were the odds of finding her just walking down the street ?
te	NNS	The small amounts of money he 'd given me for graduations , living expenses and other accomplishments had grown exponentially .
te	NN	The second shuttle landed next to the first and the door opened .
te	NN	The main throng still follows the drone .
te	NNS	The shades of orange and pink and blue looked as if some surrealist painter had mixed colors never before used , just for this place .
te	NNS	Michaels cast this aside as unimportant , twirling his hand in a ' yes , fine , go on ' gesture .
te	NNS	' Two lads tried stealing my coat ; Shaun helped see them off . '
te	NN	It was not , however , a member of one of the hives come to complain about the potentate 's death .
te	NN	Everywhere he turned , there was a reminder of what he 'd done , who he 'd hurt , what he 'd taken from the planet .
te	NN	The sinking hadn 't left .
te	NN	" A wink 's as good as a nod to me . "
te	NNS	There were long red streaks marking his golden skin .
te	NNS	Three rocks hisses then bang with a loud noise into the wall .
te	NN	For now , the frenetic corridor separated him from his enemies .
te	NNS	The metal tips precariously .
te	NNS	" How old are his sisters ?
te	NNS	The landscape crews finished clearing the creek today and most of the work is completed .
te	NN	My great grandfather committed suicide after he found out that his eldest son was stealing from the company they both worked at .
te	NNS	Eros nods solemnly , somehow aware of the gravity of the situation despite how little he is .
te	NNS	The sisters carried on their way , without waiting to find out what this errand was .
te	NN	This first outing twists my stomach in knots .
te	NN	Of course , the aftermath was less pleasant .
te	NNS	" All notable incidents reported . "
te	NN	Near the edge of the woods , a faint breeze carried a sharp canine reek .
te	NNS	Throughout that time , there were reports of Ishmael 's unit from all over the ghetto .
te	NNS	The witches were brilliant and I owed Tally my life for this .
te	NN	Their love affair , though intermittent , spanned many years .
te	NN	But then his health began to fail , and -- and now I can 't tell him the truth .
te	NNS	Students were still settling into seats and whispering .
te	NNS	There were gaudy hostess clubs , topless bars , discos , and raucous English and Irish pubs .
te	NN	The philosopher in him was about to implode , unable to wrap his mind around what was going to happen in a matter of weeks .
te	NN	" Arranging housing is too important for Marks ? "
te	NN	Nobody exits the coliseum for sometime , not even after Warrior and Dagger take wing and soar into the sky .
te	NNS	Furious , she pushed me away , slapped me and got up but didn 't leave before delivering a dramatic one-liner .
te	NNS	Alejo 's visions of gaining the advantage through his fighting skills died down as he saw what Benjamin and Stalin gripped casually by their sides .
te	NN	Silence fell once again .
te	NNS	Black clouds rolled towards us from the horizon , thick and daunting .
te	NN	What is a ' Roman glam rocker ' ?
te	NN	Therefore , the entire flooring , walls , and ceiling are all white marble with tiny golden specks of paint chips .
te	NN	A low murmur rippled through the hall .
te	NNS	How can the top scientists in the world miss something like that ?
te	NN	Her moan reverberated through the metal confines of his ship .
te	NN	You have my blood in you , " his great-grandfather said , reassuringly .
te	NNS	His sisters drove over an hour to get home for family dinner .
te	NNS	" Oh , there are boundaries all right . "
te	NNS	Tall columns ran all the way around the house and the upper balconies had ornate white iron scrollwork .
te	NNS	As she slept , as natural as if she 'd been born there , her scrapes and bruises faded , leaving behind only smooth , porcelain skin .
te	NN	He settles disputes , offers advice .
te	NNS	For Valkyries , their talents are strength and seduction .
te	NN	The impact sent the giant arachnid bouncing onto its behind with a surprised , " Gah ! "
te	NNS	Massive petrified stumps with scatters of fossilized leaves around them . "
te	NNS	" The human students - " His voice sounded strangled .
te	NNS	And magazines don 't break your heart .
te	NN	" Nobody knows they 're back .
te	NNS	Zeus was quiet for a second and Atlas smirked , " Yeah , he 'd know . "
te	NN	" Tomorrow , please .
te	NN	A short incantation followed .
te	NNS	How big are the portions ?
te	NN	" There 's no law against it .
te	NNS	Tiny licks of flame leapt up just long enough to burn them to cinders .
te	NN	When I landed on that unyielding surface , the impact broke me apart .
te	NN	The earl stopped imperiously at the bank of the canal , and it took Alexia only a moment to surmise they must cross it .
te	NN	Another crew would likely supply empty crates to replace the ones the pickers filled .
te	NNS	A loud , audible gasp and noisy thump stopped her in her tracks .
te	NN	The ocean looked exhausted after yesterday 's exercise .
te	NN	A constant thread that wove its way around my trepidation .
te	NNS	Because demons love to sign stuff and write things out .
te	NN	The low constant hum of the sander against the wooden floors over her head caused her to carry on .
te	NN	There was a scurrying from inside and within a few seconds the door was opened by Gracey .
te	NN	Wich phase do you go now ?
te	NN	Silence again descended over the table .
te	NNS	Something invisible punctured his mind , snagging itself in the power there .
te	NN	A warm breeze floated through the dark night , blowing wisps of hair across her cheek .
te	NNS	Over the next half hour , students begin to finish their scoring .
te	NN	The rising lump in my throat is just too great to respond .
te	NNS	She knew he could scent her arousal , felt the wildness it sent seething through him .
te	NNS	The shutters over the windows squeaked as the wind battered against them .
te	NNS	Their worlds couldn 't be further apart .
te	NNS	His fingertips pressed into the paper-thin silk of my blouse and my body hummed in anticipation of getting back home and having our own private celebration .
te	NN	Every twitch from Vincent 's direction captured her attention , and then she was back into the files with renewed fervor .
te	NN	The mast sank lower , pointing toward the ocean .
te	NNS	Besides , there weren 't any mountains in the Courtyard , but there were significant drifts that could bury either one of them .
te	NN	But nobody ever said that Mythos was a hundred percent safe .
te	NN	My Seth 's ego was as big as ever .
te	NNS	The Imperium ships ' turrets fired continuously , hunting down the fighter craft .
te	NNS	My lids wanted to slip closed , but I forced them open .
te	NN	Her first impulse was to delete , delete , delete .
te	NN	Panic rose in his throat as he recognized the Yankee patrol that had jumped him , and he wheeled his horse to find a place of concealment .
te	NN	Everybody was in the water .
te	NNS	All that matters is that they reach the sale yards alive . "
te	NN	Everybody cooed over that and laughed .
te	NNS	The thieves and the rebels stand on the cloisters and shoot their arrows in the very Temple .
te	NN	The effect of the shot was then to him painfully apparent .
te	NNS	Cats never attempted to tear their throats out .
te	NNS	Perhaps a few business executives feared him .
te	NN	" Direct meaning please . "
te	NN	The salt breeze filled my nostrils .
te	NN	" The leak is still in the underground parking garage ? "
te	NNS	Gaius grimaced , the unwelcomed reminder of his twisted pleasure in causing females pain slicing through him .
te	NNS	Sand and small rocks tossed up by flailing hooves would pelt the top of his head .
te	NN	Her condo had been one of her first projects , and the space remained one of her favorites .
te	NNS	My grades had returned to normal , and Ellie had even seemed to be around less .
te	NN	His only companion was the woman in his mind .
te	NN	The maintenance shaft is tiny .
te	NN	To his horror , the device asked him for a confirmation number .
te	NNS	My nipples tightened in anticipation .
te	NN	Another rat said , ' And we know what he died of .
te	NN	I paused with my hand on the knob , squeezing it so tightly my knuckles hurt .
te	NN	Ah , but our greed is our salvation .
te	NN	" Your Honor , " Josie groaned .
te	NNS	His joints screamed in agony .
te	NN	Her receptive moans were satisfying enough .
te	NNS	Other EOD personnel were fanning out , searching the scene .
te	NNS	For Elden , school buses were It !
te	NN	" The law forbids exclusive relationships between two people .
te	NNS	The machines need six quarters per load .
te	NN	" Your obedient servant . "
te	NNS	7 Haven lay in her bed fully dressed , blankets pulled up under her chin .
te	NN	Say something , anything Callie silently ordered him .
te	NN	The rhythm of the rocking chair was slowly putting me into a trance , just enough for my eyes to feel heavy and my mind muddy .
te	NNS	Although most of his skills were questionable , the one constant was his ability to see through illusion .
te	NNS	A nervous soldier fired a confident bullet , dozens more of it 's fellows followed it , racing into bodies with the reckless abandon of hot lead .
te	NNS	The investigative and courtroom procedures in my stories are religiously unerring .
te	NN	The impact knocked him to the ground , the big cat landing on him and knocking the breath from his lungs .
te	NN	This cycle of dependency continued stretching the rubber band until the wars and Ebola came along , and the rubber band snapped .
te	NN	The interior of their interplanetary vehicle Perseus was rather compact .
te	NN	The dizzy spin of his vision as his inner ears tried to re-adjust his balance .
te	NNS	Tess banged her spoon into the bowl .
te	NNS	Unless things have changed since I left , these units do not function according to the usual parameters . "
te	NNS	Both parties promise to love , honor and support one another .
te	NNS	In a peculiar way the priests seem to think they own him .
te	NNS	Two more Hunters fell , collapsing forward , shouting in pain .
te	NNS	" Two groups , " Dalton replied .
te	NN	A resolution to make it right solidified within me .
te	NNS	The dragons are perching on the peak of the mountains like vouchers .
te	NNS	There were three bedrooms .
te	NNS	Her senses overwhelmed her as she grappled .
te	NN	" No , this is just a random security check , " the trooper replied .
te	NNS	Possibly some enterprising males combine the two .
te	NNS	The reporters snarled and bitched .
te	NN	His rib cage scraped against my shin , leaving a white streak on my pants .
te	NN	A fine thread moved below him , flying between his legs .
te	NN	Her duty was to hold back the chaos and destruction that threatened them all , to reforge the Tower .
te	NN	The cool breeze helped a little as she worked under the hot sun .
te	NNS	Why did hospital gowns have to be open at the butt ?
te	NNS	Vampires were wholly evil , wanting those around them to suffer endlessly .
te	NNS	Red socks , she repeated .
te	NNS	My senses are off kilter , and I feel naked without them .
te	NNS	His nerves balled into one place of fire , Jace shouting with it , then slowly , it eased .
te	NNS	Faces peeked out from inside restaurant windows .
te	NN	All the crap about hierarchy and Shifters breeding with Shifters for strength is bullshit . "
te	NN	Although the bomb was set off , an unnamed source aided Civil Protection in evacuating the area , and saving countless lives before the explosion .
te	NN	The hilt catches the soldier full in the face , stunning rather than killing him .
te	NNS	His plastic pellets would be no match for their firepower .
te	NN	The flood of reminiscences left him restless .
te	NNS	Wheezy wizards aren 't all that good at running .
te	NN	The fire brigade had gone , to be replaced by Detective Sergeant Gibbs and a couple of uniformed officers in shirt sleeves , relaxing in the sunshine .
te	NN	Rage engulfs me and this time I let it take me over .
te	NN	The impact knocked the pilot off course , if only for a moment .
te	NNS	The wishes don 't really come true . "
te	NNS	" Humans don 't think that way . "
te	NN	The dinghy was losing buoyancy from the air leak .
te	NNS	The students with longer pieces of fabric wrapped them around their heads like bandanas while others , like me , tied them around our arms .
te	NNS	Hanna 's insides melted .
te	NNS	The coldness inside him was growing and he tried desperately to find the warmth she always brought him .
te	NN	After all , the attacker had asked him why he 'd been talking to that cop .
te	NNS	His blond curls , blue eyes and rosy cheeks are all mine , but his focus and intensity are Ares 's .
te	NNS	Your veins have to be drained and replaced .
te	NN	The air raid alarm went on so frequently that people ignored it .
te	NNS	Like steel bear traps , open and ready .
te	NNS	The first rays of light peaked over the horizon so we could see the road ahead .
te	NN	The bus grew louder .
te	NN	That soft , barely breathed moan made his eyes open and slip to the woman kneeling beside him .
te	NNS	' Both priests will officiate . '
te	NN	The research is going to take some time though .
te	NNS	The waitresses heard him and turned around .
te	NN	Y ou ou 've taken me on a date .
te	NN	The bedspread had slipped onto the floor , and the top sheet was wound around her legs , trapping her .
te	NN	The tangled knot in his chest exploded as the pain overwhelmed him .
te	NNS	You know what they say , mid-twenties is the new fifties . "
te	NNS	Humans who weren 't a threat to Shay 's pack or the species , more broadly .
te	NNS	Furious at the distraction , Jonas tried to jerk free of Verity 's compelling grip .
te	NNS	Her fingertips patted over her aching cheeks .
te	NNS	Vampires were yelling at each other , running , shoving each other .
te	NNS	Plus , there were the inadvertent radio transmissions that came from malfunctioning or poorly designed household equipment like cable TV boxes , VCRs and appliance motors .
te	NNS	Some P.I. agencies specialize and only do insurance work , or track down deadbeat dads .
te	NNS	The dragons have begun their carnage .
te	NNS	His policies that shaped every citizen 's life , right down to the smallest detail and this made him feel good .
te	NN	The beast within growled as it came to the forefront and possessed him .
te	NN	" Your great-grandfather used to be a senator .
te	NN	The whiskey settled in his stomach .
te	NNS	The adults exchanged another secret smile .
te	NN	The recipe worked when done correctly , and led to nice homemade pancakes .
te	NN	" Probably a secret rite designed to aid early hunters find and kill their supper .
te	NNS	Gaius gave her a sharp look .
te	NN	Rage filled my body as I shot back into the air .
te	NN	Angelika wanted to see it , " the gingerbread expert announced .
te	NNS	Phantoms stretched ahead of themselves , their swords brandished .
te	NNS	" Just regulations , " she said .
te	NN	He 's new this year , " Parker shyly said .
te	NNS	Thousands of lanterns twinkled in the streets of the mining town , lighting the hordes of revellers .
te	NN	" What are those bruises from ? "
te	NNS	Dreams provide a necessary outlet for everyone .
te	NN	The toad seemed to smile .
te	NN	" What 's the charity ? "
te	NNS	The formalities went away a long time ago , which made it even easier to walk into the office .
te	NNS	The sedan 's wheels continued to spin even though it had been lifted off the ground by the building debris .
te	NN	The Thin Man gave a heavy sigh .
te	NNS	" Yes witches eat but I 'm fine . "
te	NNS	More droplets showered the clouds , falling like rain to dot the white landscape in red .
te	NNS	By now , the troops in the armored rail cars were shooting wildly .
te	NN	Do it , " the general ordered him .
te	NNS	Your crimes will earn you a swift death , and one for your friends as well .
te	NN	As the tile they were on stopped , the soldier at the front stepped clear .
te	NNS	Once in the intersection , tall office buildings and monuments stretched toward the crest of a hill .
te	NN	A realization glinted in his eyes .
te	NNS	Along with the black hair , warlocks all seemed to have a cockiness about them that made them irrational .
te	NN	As he walked , a pathway of green appeared in front of him as if to show the way .
te	NN	" For the visually impaired ? "
te	NNS	But arrows couldn 't kill what was already dead .
te	NN	Reaching out , he took my hand and pulled me towards Tucker 's room , " His clock is fast .
te	NN	The gravity of that began to sink in .
te	NNS	Cats meant that the dancers would be the stars , while Les Miserables called more for strong singers .
te	NN	The beast scuttled into the light , crawling along the sheer wall fifteen feet up , like some giant monstrous gecko .
te	NN	Our waiter came with our food , but I didn 't drop Bree 's gaze .
te	NNS	" How varied are your tastes ? "
te	NN	Cricket comprehension didn 't last much longer than love , in Maddy 's book .
te	NNS	The two youngest rode the sturdy pony , with Teagan , barely three , nodding with every plod .
te	NNS	" Something went wrong , like Daddy said it would , " Maya states with worry .
te	NN	A foreign , cold sensation ran over him .
te	NNS	But even though they were on the run , adrift in a world that provided no security , there were no barriers between them anymore .
te	NN	Nobody went outside the walls without a full escort and certainly not for a frivolous picture .
te	NNS	There are lots of distractions . "
te	NN	" Commonsense advice , " I reminded him with a saccharine smile .
te	NNS	Vampires of all types were in the room , perhaps two dozen of them all told : regular undead , Guardians , and several Imperials .
te	NN	A lump in the middle of the monkeys stirred and then fell quiet .
te	NNS	The females those scales touched had become the first Blood , inheriting an old power in order to become the new guardians of the Realms .
te	NN	" There was no succession ceremony .
te	NNS	" Best margarita wins .
te	NNS	Zeus held up a finger and looked at his wristband .
te	NNS	The arrows were coming from the battlements behind us .
te	NNS	Footsteps neared the sunroom and my head snapped up .
te	NNS	The visions got clearer this time .
te	NN	The soldier held her back .
te	NN	A frown marred Jack 's face as he twisted a pencil between his fingers .
te	NNS	Secrets are hard to keep in this camp . "
te	NNS	Most believers supposed that it would be a glorious affair of world wide proportions .
te	NN	" What a great con artist that cop would make . "
te	NN	Silence descended , with each man listening as hard as he could for anything amiss .
te	NNS	The criminals he intended to expose would never stop looking for him .
te	NNS	All necessary updates , but you wouldn 't know it didn 't always look this way if someone didn 't tell you . "
te	NNS	" Mom , the sharks in this town have been circling for years , biding their time , waiting .
te	NN	This strange bubble of something had taken up residence in the pit of my stomach .
te	NN	Both sorrow and understanding wreathed their faces .
te	NN	Fog rose off the river , a thick soup of vapor that drifted with the wind into the square and moved quickly to cover the streets .
te	NN	The dots in the sky circled lower , and the birds appeared to grow as they descended .
te	NN	The Mother cleared her throat pointedly .
te	NN	Silence reigned as they left town , unbroken until she turned into the parking lot of the auction house .
te	NNS	These animals can run .
te	NN	Her breathy little moan sent heat sweeping through his belly .
te	NN	E. Bedwell 's construction just donated the plaster .
te	NN	Realizing they were a huge stack of flyers , and cute too , Danni 's frown morphed to a smile .
te	NNS	Her short shorts ride up and the bottom of her ass peeks out .
te	NNS	The banners that blew in the early morning breeze seemed just a little less threadbare , the women just a little more beautiful .
te	NNS	Aquarius looked over to Samara who was spitting glass out of his mouth .
te	NN	Wind whipped through the hole scattering loose napkins and strands of torn clothing .
te	NN	" There 's a big dead pine stump .
te	NNS	The maps at the property office were helpful even though they were a bit confusing .
te	NN	The doorbell rang and Dorian said worriedly , " They 're here . "
te	NNS	Jess talked me through a lot of shit .
te	NNS	Like what are the witches , and how am I meant to fight them ?
te	NNS	The knights from the Roundtable spent every morning jousting , running drills and performing strength training .
te	NN	" You seem to have made up your mind already , " said the judge .
te	NNS	Two more opposites had never sat at one table before .
te	NNS	And the two spirits knew true contentment there together .
te	NN	At 2,750 degrees , stainless steel within the buildings will melt .
te	NN	The dark silk mask had turned him into a mysterious stranger .
te	NNS	Aquarius continued to explain to Samara the importance of aligning the gates .
te	NNS	The spreading branches of the deciduous trees left great expanses of empty ground between their mighty trunks .
te	NN	A servant took our bags and I couldn 't help but look around at a great many articles he 'd collected .
te	NN	The buzz of hunger wriggling under my skin forces me to take another step back despite my weariness .
te	NNS	Fortunately , most would-be criminals failed the aptitude tests and background checks necessary for the job .
te	NNS	Electrically charged tingles crawled through me , igniting every ounce of emotion in me and stirring me to life .
te	NN	His knuckles were white on the railing .
te	NNS	" Humans see life as so precious when it 's fleeting .
te	NNS	These two individuals are always less than one year apart in age .
te	NNS	" Ten students go missing from Harvard , no explanation . "
te	NN	Panic throbbed my head .
te	NN	The Night Wing project is too important . "
te	NNS	Here , the locals maintained their distance , awed , respectful .
te	NN	I plodded up , gripping the handrail , feeling more and more exhausted as I mounted .
te	NN	As the rider faded from view , a breeze appeared .
te	NN	A knot forms in my throat .
te	NN	The beast curled its lip , sending a rivulet of saliva over its sharp teeth .
te	NNS	The remains of Mother 's silk scarf fall to the floor .
te	NNS	Eager to see Liliana ousted .
te	NN	" I forbid it , " said his grandfather .
te	NNS	Huge wings , moving such a volume of air that a cloud of dirt and dust grew in its wake .
te	NN	A chill ran through me .
te	NNS	Jess schooled her features to show nothing of what went on in her mind .
te	NNS	The restlessness was driving him crazy .
te	NN	At the airport and during the flight the atmosphere was strained .
te	NNS	The demons Aaron was fighting weren 't ones Dylan could slay for him , so he wasn 't sure he could help .
te	NNS	Eight families here on Earth are wondering why they can 't reach their loved ones .
te	NN	" I 'm not complaining about the heat , that 's for sure , but it 'll bring out the midges , " says the other official .
te	NN	A slight disturbance in the air near me alerted me to the very fast arrival of another supernatural being .
te	NN	The classroom reeked of rotten flesh .
te	NN	My past self turned back , as if he had seen something but brushed it off as paranoia -- just as I remembered myself doing .
te	NN	" The bank receipt is in here , too .
te	NN	" A hot little Chinese babe and a nuisance who better run if he wants to continue breathing . "
te	NNS	Demons in an advanced state of decomposition , most rotted to the bone .
te	NN	And that other , more elusive , quality that the Brit had called taste ... that wasn 't there , either .
te	NN	The principle being that selfless service is more God-like than masters that demand to be served .
te	NNS	It felt like the light was being torn from underneath the skin , muscles pulling , bones snapping .
te	NNS	Along with that , all the seniors probably had RV 's or something of the sort , ingenious camouflage when Ezra thought about it .
te	NN	His meaning throbbed in her veins and mocked her as a big fat liar .
te	NNS	I tilt my head to the side , eye brows furrow .
te	NNS	Eve 's brows rose .
te	NNS	Some public service careers needed people with lifelong skills and positions .
te	NN	The waiter arrived then with two orders of chicken and two sets of chopsticks .
te	NN	" Everybody 's talking about it .
te	NN	The cement was cold on my feet and I regretted my decision almost immediately .
te	NNS	Trojan records go back centuries .
te	NN	Her fury started to drain out of her ( though not entirely ) and she stalked to the kitchen .
te	NN	" His aunt seemed delighted by everything he did . "
te	NN	The falling ash slowed , not coming down as heavily as before and the fire still remained mainly on the mountain .
te	NN	Anyone that rigid shouldn 't be in charge of a child . "
te	NNS	But truthfully , the first rays of moonlight reflecting off all her mouthwatering curves distracted him .
te	NN	The effect at night was intimidating .
te	NNS	" No copies , like I said . "
te	NN	Her implant detected no heat signatures , no movement in any of them .
te	NN	The copilot shook his head .
te	NNS	Lois said the suspects were driving an old Aztek .
te	NN	Our prize should lie just beyond .
te	NNS	The rocks didn 't look sharp , but their skeins of slime looked slippery .
te	NN	Suddenly , a low roaring filled his ears .
te	NNS	So let us be done away with the praises , and tell me , how many of these students still remain in the protest ? "
te	NNS	Timmons began fumbling though his pockets .
te	NN	" My Saint Benedict medal can only ward off so much evil . "
te	NN	Her aunt might as well have shot a steel pipe into her backbone .
te	NNS	Usually projects belonging to financial institutions had ODC 's .
te	NN	There was enough pork on the 600 pound monster to give a portion to anyone who wandered by the House .
te	NNS	Plastic ties forced his wrists together , and above them a ragged cloth with a holding spell scrawled in ink bound his forearms .
te	NNS	There were a few mouse clicks followed by rapid typing .
te	NN	The entire column stretched back almost as far as the eye could see .
te	NNS	Candles wrapped the center post , held aloft in iron brackets .
te	NN	Edward 's confidence was reassuring , because it was plain that he wasn 't truly worried about his family .
te	NN	The hollow was alive and well at the base of the wall , and busy punching holes in the rock with its tongues .
te	NNS	I can see as our relationship has progressed , the intensity of feelings we 've shared , matters could cloud better judgment .
te	NNS	Three lightening bolts shot out from my staff setting the wolves into white burning flashes .
te	NNS	The machines seemed to be working on their own : set problems , reasoned , analyzed information .
te	NN	A low , uncontrollable moan of pleasure shook her throat .
te	NN	If even the slightest hint of such a dastardly notion is present then the whole craft is blasted with the Doesn 't Matter Ray . "
te	NN	A chill blew through the open door and Harry rose to shut it .
te	NNS	" Not exactly the digs we had at Thorne , huh ? "
te	NN	The violence shimmering in the air would be calling to his wolf .
te	NN	" A valuable instrument like that ? "
te	NNS	With Bob there , the odds favored the women and they danced most every dance .
te	NN	An ancient ruin rose up before us , so covered in vines , moss and fungi it was nearly impossible to see the stones beneath .
te	NN	The realization of how things unfolded struck him deep in his gut .
te	NN	The jet was one part of the weekend he 'd mapped out for Julia in Vegas .
te	NN	There were only a tiny sandwich and a yogurt drink on Acacia 's plate .
te	NNS	The grim , stately stone markers of Montmartre Cemetery spread before her , its few large trees shading the dead , the celebrated and the wretched .
te	NN	His mum was better off enjoying the company of those who truly cared about her - himself , Inspector Lau and Deepa .
te	NNS	His limbs stiffened as he fell back , crashing into the desk and crumpling to the floor .
te	NN	" No trench coat tonight ? "
te	NN	The other zombie was coming at me with its mouth wide open .
te	NN	" The sitter will be ready to leave . "
te	NN	The old magician looked dazed .
te	NN	" Does my tale fascinate you ? "
te	NNS	The ends of his hair brushed the tops of her fingers and she could smell the citrus and rosemary from his bath .
te	NN	" What 's conception ? "
te	NN	Revenge won 't bring Justin back . "
te	NN	The massage had tweaked her every last hot button , convincing her that having Jordan in her bed again would be a very delicious idea .
te	NN	There was only a sad acceptance , and a joyful relief that left her shaken and weak .
te	NN	A chamber ensemble began playing from his caster , and he waited , helpless to do anything else .
te	NN	The drug , prescribed for Pamela 's deficiency , was also the acting agent in Dr. Kevorkian 's death machine .
te	NN	A farmhouse was near the riverbank .
te	NN	An unexpected pregnancy is the last thing she needs .
te	NNS	The foothills that sloped down toward the plain were dark .
te	NNS	Her creative attitudes seemed to explode as she walked past truck after truck unloading at the shops and wholesalers .
te	NN	An old clock atop a cabinet in the living room began striking twelve .
te	NNS	Visions of ghosts , grave robbers , black magic , and daemons permeated their dreams and refused to vacate .
te	NNS	Growing amounts of panic started their drip into my skull .
te	NNS	The candles flickered out in the draught , leaving Ani and I in near darkness .
te	NN	" The meat gods ? "
te	NN	A joint would help him sleep .
te	NNS	His limbs clutched wildly at space , falling all the time through the burning dust .
te	NNS	Tess knew then that nothing built by the other millionaire barons would ever surpass it .
te	NNS	" But the locals picked them off too easily .
te	NNS	The salads came with absolutely no dressing , and the meats were boiled and never marinated .
te	NNS	Grubbs and the few surviving werewolves make it to my side .
te	NN	" What is the pact ? "
te	NN	In front of Rachel the soldier who was in the clamps watched her , shifting in pain , obviously eager to get out .
te	NNS	The metallic dragons were our mortal enemies .
te	NN	A moan of pleasure escaped him .
te	NNS	There are tons of people at the other end of the hall .
te	NNS	Her nails cut into the sleeve of his dress jacket , pulling him into the moment .
te	NN	Lestat 's powerful tenor needed no electric amplification .
te	NN	The rate varies depending on a number of factors .
te	NNS	The flat stones of the graves warped into leering faces that spat awful threats .
te	NNS	Her senses honed in on her prey , flooding her mind with information .
te	NNS	Glossy bricks of dark marble spread from the floor and up the wall .
te	NNS	My tires wheeled down Broadway , running several other red lights .
te	NNS	Humans never knew the place existed , and they barely received visitors , unless they were of magical origin .
te	NN	The security crew let Connor in without protest .
te	NNS	Your wings are solid gold now .
te	NNS	Rules that must be followed , " he said .
te	NN	The effect on the number of wounded was obvious , only giving Riley more incentive to find a way to end the fighting sooner rather than later .
te	NNS	Seriously , the locals call him Mount Nik !
te	NN	I told her , my outstretched hand grazing hers as we swung to and fro .
te	NNS	Banks was five feet five inches of pompous bullshit .
te	NNS	Her brows asked the question .
te	NN	The sea breeze had a way of disguising the heat that would bake the white sand of the island as the sun rose higher in the sky .
te	NNS	His senses and emotions reeled from the pleasure of the moment .
te	NN	The fury of it tumbled Gan against the front bench .
te	NNS	All my senses open . "
te	NN	The bell rings , and Lacey gathers all her wrappers , stuffing them back into the bag .
te	NNS	" There are no leeches , no bears , and no Mother Nature to interrupt us here . "
te	NN	Josh 's celebrity can be a hassle at times , but admittedly it got us a few nice perks .
te	NN	Her wild impulsive streak would get her into trouble one day .
te	NN	With a mighty pull the leather strap holding his right arm snapped .
te	NNS	Before them rose a magnificent cathedral , its Gothic turrets piercing the gray sky like Saint Sebastian stuck through with arrows .
te	NNS	Her three kidnappers didn 't share her relief .
te	NN	Sister pig was smart , that was for sure , and her home would be his safe haven .
te	NN	His horrific screams filled the air as he fell and started tumbling down the stairs .
te	NNS	Branches snapped and plunged to the ground as ash continued raining down .
te	NN	" My internal layout is very complex to the unaware .
te	NN	My aunt , the one with all the money , was taking me shopping for a prom dress .
te	NNS	Michaels shivered , wincing at the horrific sights and sounds , which abruptly cut out as the screen went black , the file ending .
te	NNS	The other teams will likely fight each other , but we don 't have to worry about that . "
te	NN	His tangle of black hair had a crease in it from his hard hat , and he was beginning to look a little bristly .
te	NN	Late afternoon sunlight splashes across my apartment living room .
te	NN	He was anywhere and everywhere , and with each child he taught , another soldier , another loyal follower joined his ranks .
te	NN	A lump forms in my throat .
te	NN	" The penalty for drug supply is severe .
te	NNS	Zeus smirked and said , " So I didn 't need to work so hard ? "
te	NN	" I would like Tom refueled first , " asked the general , as he came up to see what was going on .
te	NNS	Top executives were still clamoring to sign her , hoping to be the launching pad for her unreleased album .
te	NN	A nurse finally said , " Can I help you , Doctor ? "
te	NNS	' All those nights he was pawing at you , smothering .
te	NN	The crew couldn 't help but exchange smiles ; watching in awe , as Pluto passed in front of their windows .
te	NN	' Nobody 's going to recognize me . '
te	NN	The dense canopy helped , but still he was caught for a microsecond in the rays .
te	NNS	His ribs were a lot more solid than her elbow .
te	NNS	Humans just don 't hold up well . "
te	NNS	The front door swings open and MacKenzie comes charging at me .
te	NN	The paradise appears to be out of sight .
te	NNS	Cellulose canisters were no match for the tons of steel that would tear through the magazine and a deadly cloud of propellant would be the result .
te	NNS	Then the jokes started and things picked up .
te	NN	No small feat since the man was a couple of inches taller than him .
te	NN	Nobody had even turned on the overhead lights , so the only illumination was the grayish excuse for sunlight that came through the windows .
te	NNS	The Canadian and European armies surrendered .
te	NN	His demeanor emanated great grief .
te	NN	Nobody still believed that , surely ?
te	NN	A tiny check mark set beside each one now .
te	NN	The phrase popped into my mind .
te	NNS	The kidnappers likely only wanted money .
te	NN	Rolled up shirt sleeves revealed skin the same brown hue as the boy .
te	NNS	Some elements can be together in this point in time , but then they can separate in the future and meet with other elements .
te	NNS	" The best anchors , you said .
te	NN	Everybody looked at her .
te	NNS	Too bad her results were less than what I had hoped for .
te	NN	What the hell does hmm mean ?
te	NNS	The spiders , apparently in no hurry , surrounded them and blocked all possible escape .
te	NN	Then , while you 're in jail , the crook takes all your money .
te	NNS	" What about the city 's thieves ? "
te	NNS	There were rumors of a revolt in Romania and how that was the reason the baroness had built the Mansion on Benson Hill .
te	NNS	The odds were against him .
te	NNS	Clouds of birds circled in the sky , while crows lined the trees and perched on icy wires and studied her passage in absolute silence .
te	NN	The alcohol awaits ! "
te	NN	His beard shifted as he pursed invisible lips .
te	NN	Her sincerity was merely a means to an end .
te	NN	The sky roared , thunder splitting open the heavens to reveal a fury of flame .
te	NNS	The deer vanished into the woods , where she swore she glimpsed a centaur running .
te	NN	The young agent whistled and the older one emitted one of his soft laughs .
te	NN	Milton 's demeanor perked up a little , a young male teacher whom he might be able to gain a decent connection with .
te	NNS	" Some tasks were more appropriate for Moose and Squirrel than others . "
te	NNS	The rusted metal towers got shorter and shorter , until only a few squat buildings remained right on the edge of the city .
te	NNS	The unopened messages waiting in her in-box beckoned to her .
te	NN	Her doorbell chimed and she turned to glare at it .
te	NNS	Bits of trash and filth clung to his clothing and hair , and a small amount of blood dribbled down his chin .
te	NN	A surprised gasp caught in my throat .
te	NN	Silence stretched out , and I didn 't know what else to say .
te	NN	Rain continued to fall from the sky .
te	NN	In his lap laid a hat with a copper coin or two and a harp made of willow , with silver strings .
te	NNS	For a moment , the horrors of the world faded .
te	NN	The sphere glides away from the remnants of the discharge and toward the massive gas giant Jupiter .
te	NN	Silence followed him , so he continued with his speech .
te	NNS	Behind Number Nine , in the open cargo space of the van , was a large metal toolbox , the kind construction workers brought to job sites .
te	NNS	Artfully tousled curls slid over one shoulder .
te	NNS	So , gentlemen the priority of our mission is to take out this modern corvette out of our territory .
te	NNS	There were two public servant units .
te	NNS	Levi 's biceps strained as he adjusted a piece of heavy metal he was attaching to the roof .
te	NNS	The fields beyond the barn and the silo were a soft gray when the moon broke through the scattered clouds .
te	NN	There was a bony plate flap that covered their loins , guarding them against injury .
te	NN	The bow and arrows were still there .
te	NNS	The five lethal mystics responsible for this gruesome attack are currently strolling free among us in the spectrum ... And they could be literally anywhere .
te	NN	The emperor offered me new eyes .
te	NN	" Dad 's record at interviews isn 't exactly flawless .
te	NN	The chatter stopped immediately .
te	NN	The light dimmed and Alistair 's skin seemed to glow ever so slightly in the darkness .
te	NNS	Her spirits were brighter , she was determined , and her laughter was real .
te	NN	The cop spoke softer too -- less monotone .
te	NN	A cop 's questions .
te	NN	" Stefan , " Matt said , draining a mug of Mrs. Flowers 's pitch-black coffee .
te	NNS	There are already police al over campus .
te	NN	the cop finally said .
te	NN	The gentleness of Damen 's tone enabled Alina to smile even as her heart continued to ache at the mere sight of him .
te	NN	The farmer must have had a nasty surprise when he returned from his precious cows .
te	NN	At least if the lowering temps continued into the night , the freeze would knock out the mosquito population .
te	NNS	Candles were burning dangerously low .
te	NN	A chime sounded overhead , and all of the cabin lights flickered to life .
te	NNS	The results had been spectacular failures for both of them .
te	NN	His thick shaft nudged her entrance .
te	NN	The clock in the living room chimed eleven pm , and she turned off the ceiling bedroom light then climbed into bed .
te	NN	A bargain is a bargain .
te	NNS	Solis nodded in agreement .
te	NN	Silence stretched between them , a gulf as strange and dark as the void between stars .
te	NN	The Hoppy sting was working .
te	NNS	His arms and legs lashed out in a choreography of deadly precision , his methods merciless , flawless , as second nature as breathing was to her .
te	NN	Keeping it on should afford him some protection as he tried to figure out where he was .
te	NN	His mother 's remedy soothed the worst of the pain .
te	NN	Standing in the clearing , as promised , was Adonis .
te	NN	There was an eerie howl that unsettled her .
te	NNS	Rules and regulations had never applied to Nick Gautier .
te	NNS	Employment records weren 't exactly confidential , especially for the owner of a bar who reported fewer than half of his cash sales .
te	NNS	Eric listened , brows raised .
te	NN	Or more worried , " the pretty blond nurse went on to say .
te	NN	" What did yeh say ?
te	NN	A little , brown tortoise munched on a fungus and withdrew his head , flattening himself as they walked by .
te	NN	" The publicity of all those robots around , " the Governor said .
te	NNS	Luckily the salt trucks were out or the roads would have been a lot worse .
te	NN	The young physicist continued to study the data flowing across the monitor .
te	NNS	Vampires don 't like victims who might be aroused unexpectedly at odd hours , as you recall . "
te	NN	But their own vehicle was wider .
te	NN	A distant moan filled the air , drawing nearer every moment .
te	NNS	Zeus saw for the first time that its feet never touched the floor .
te	NNS	First impressions can be crucial , so I better not offend anyone .
te	NN	The tour guide called out , interrupting Claire 's thoughts .
te	NN	The heartbeat was just a whisper now , the girl in her arms a pale ghost .
te	NN	The screams grew louder .
te	NN	A terrible commotion ensued ; everyone rushed to escape the snake who herded them closer to the display cabinet .
te	NN	There was a small chimney made of the same dark stone sticking through the roof .
te	NN	" Your judgment is just fine . "
te	NN	But the cool breeze did little to keep him from sweating with the effort of chopping the wood .
te	NNS	And there are reports of symptoms in citizens outside the hot zones .
te	NN	What 's your fancy ? '
